031606792X|1.0|I like the supernatural, I specially love vampires, creatures torn between their ever remaining but struggling humanity and the new fate of close-to-ever-lasting life and the over powering slavery of blood's lure. And Twilight had become the epitome of such struggles, losses and awes. Ms Meyers' vampires had me utterly captivated both for their brutality and frailty... until now. In Breaking Dawn we simply loose all the effect and draw these creatures used to hold on us, they simply become too normal, too manageable and sadly common. The magic simply evaporates after only the first couple of chapters. And it's not only the vampires that loose their appeal, the humans become just an insipid.     I was not one of those fans that had to wait a really long time for the fourth, and last, book of the saga to come out. I had discovered the books only two months ago and had devoured the first three. I had no great expectations for the finale, I was not investing my own personal beliefs and dreams into it, I was confident on Meyers gift for delivering beautiful writing, a good story, and yes, a powerful message on the struggles of the world she had created. It seemed likely that Bella would finally join her undead lover, and I was exited on how she'd handle the great loss of her human life, her family, her human and clumsy self.    The answer came pretty clear pretty fast, she wouldn't. In any way. I'm guessing here that Meyer simply fell too deeply in love with her own characters, and wanted to avoid them heartache at any cost. I liked Bella, was infatuated by Edward and loved Jacob to my deepest core. But this fourth novel almost made cartoons out of them, out of everyone, it seems. There is hardly any real emotional struggle or connection between characters. The story quickly becomes self indulgent and betrays it's true core leaving nothing but a gooey pseudo love story that more closely resembles fan-fiction than fiction.    You know why I read fan-fiction? Instant gratification. If I wanted to know how easy it was going to be for Bella not to kill the first unsuspecting human that unluckily crossed her path, if I wanted to know how fulfilling and never ending her sex life was going to be, if I wanted to know how happy and special and unique everyone around her would become, I would have stuck to fan fics. Not joking, some pretty talented fans have created a much more interesting and struggling Bella than the real author.     And the whole thing actually seems to betray the past novels. I remember the grip these supernatural creatures had on me almost from the very first pages of the saga.  Yes, they were beautiful and alluring and even decent and good, but they were also ferociously dangerous, unstable and in constant struggle of their two dividing natures. Apparently, that is all over now, they permanently moved to a land where they are all ecstatically happy and at ease with their fates. They lost their scary factor, now I want them as neighbors. It seems silly now why Edward struggled so hard to keep Bella human, it seems petty, unnecessary, and even selfish, when it all turned out to be so easy, so without regret or any price to pay, sacrifice nowhere to be seen in the everlasting horizon.     I'll not get into the details, I'm trying to avoid thinking about the plot lines and twists now that I'm done with the book. Suffice to say, it not only disappointed me, it bored me a little, even made me cringe and roll my eyes from time to time. Which just really saddens me, I was really looking forward to suffering along these used-to-be wonderful characters. Their past pains and battles seem tainted now somehow, ridiculous. Even Bella's and Edward's wonderful connection was lost to me in this one, their love ceased being the center and core of the story, again, it became superficial and clichéd.    Now, as with everything else in life, there are some good points in this novel that are very worth mentioning, so I'll list them and tryto hold on to those as I let go of the bad memory of this last Twilight experience:    - The novel's division into three books was interesting and a good call. The swapping from one narrator to another was even more brilliant. Jacob's turn to tell the story gave it humor and a lighter note to all the gore and insanity that takes place in the midsection.  - I always admired Meyers sense of humor, her ability to surprise and make you laugh at all the right and wrong moments. That is still very much alive in this story (which settles my belief that burnt out can't be blamed for the outcome, she simply fell too at ease with her characters, lost any fear or respect for their monstrous natures), some small parts had me putting down my book to have a good laugh.  - The writing is beautiful, it is, I don't think no one is debating this. It flows, it has a natural wave to it, it's entertaining and absorbing.... Most of the time.    I don't think Meyer can be blamed for dishonesty, I think she truly wrote from the heart. And maybe that was part of the problem. She became her own biggest fan, she wanted no character of hers to be left mourning or heart broken. She wanted to vanquish the monsters herself, slaying them and leaving behind only angels and heroes. But the problem is that the monsters where inside her original characters, they all had their own internal demons to fight and subdue, by slaying them so offhandedly, she killed the essence of her own characters, leaving nothing but pretty shells behind.    Do as I did, keep your three first novels, toss the fourth one out and try to imagine a world where these characters were given justice... maybe somewhere some fan fiction writer got it right.
B000EISBZY|5.0|Elmer Kelton is a good old Texas boy who knows his stuff and only writes about what he knows Texas horses and cowboys.
6302765536|5.0|A family favorite for many years!! Just a great movie for people from 1 to 100 years old!!! Everyone in my family enjoys this movie!!!!!
B000VWYNOG|5.0|The best CD brought back so many good memories from my era.  Recommend it highly.
B000UPGQQW|5.0|A true cult classic. Although the second go round fell a bit flat, the original is both captivating, sensual & frighteningly evil. As for the cast: PERFECTION.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is the greatest workout video.  It is set up nicely and it is easy to follow. Some workout videos are hard to follow or the number of repetitions are different on each side, but this one is so organized.  It is tough, but not too daunting.  I love this video and when I master it, I am going to purchase the next one.
0321344758|4.0|A lot of good points and easily read. Recommended for improving your web-site for the sake of your visitors. Absolutely recommended!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Wonderful, wonderful, mini-series. Every American should watch this!!  Factual account, great acting, time well spent to remember what our forefathers endured for our freedom. So many people throw our liberties around (and away) like they can be bought at the nearest convenience store.
B000F0UUT6|5.0|[[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]]  This is a great product well worth buying.  I have already enjoyed it twice since I purchased a month ago.  Obviously I am a fan of Darcy (Colin Firth) and this is the best version of this very romantic Jane Austen novel.  I highly recommend it.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was absolutely amazing!! Yes. The events described in the reviews above did occur, however, I think the story panned out in a very creative and unexpected way!! (spoiler alert) I mean prego bella? Who would have thought? I know that in previous books, Meyer implied that having children was impossible for vampires, but that was coming from the Cullens. That was true as far as they knew. There had not been many successful vampire/mortal relationships in history, so how could anyone have known? The parents would not have survived to tell the tale! Bella almost didnt. I loved the fact that Jacob found happiness in a way that allowed him to still be a part of Bella's life!! Remember guys, It is a FICTION book. Is there something so wrong with a perfectly happy ending? This isnt reality. A lot of people read fiction (Especially fantasy) to ESCAPE reality. SO guys. I definately reccommend Breaking Dawn. It is an amazing end to the Saga that is on an equal level in my heart with Rowling's Harry Potter (never thought that was possible). No, in the real world, things rarely work out that way. So take a break frim reality, and immerse yourself in a world where things arent alwats what they seem, but still turn out for the best.
0321344758|5.0|Absolutely brilliant book. You can find heavier books on the subject, but this one is a must have. Practical advice, to the point, explained so anyone can understand and remember it. Clear and beautyful design. Just about every spread has got illustrations. And you can read it all in one day. Everyone that has anything to do with web usability (or RIAs) should get this. Its also entertaining, I truly enjoyed reading this book!
031606792X|2.0|This contains SPOILERS, so if you haven't read the book yet you might not want to read this. I liked parts of it. I liked the wedding and the honeymoon. I liked Bella finally being a vamp. I liked that Bella learned how to let Edward into her mind when she chose to. I liked the parts with Seth and Leah. I liked that we were able to get into Jacob's head for a while too. But there were parts I hated. I don't know what she was thinking when she wrote some of this. I would like to have seen Jacob and Leah get together. Then he could have had a true lover and companion who understood him and was equal to him in every way, just as Bella and Edward were after Bella became a vamp. She could have even expanded the series to write more about them and the wolf pack later. Jacob imprinting on the baby was just too weird for me. The whole baby thing was weird. I could have done without that whole scenario. But if it would have been a relatively normal pregnancy with complications at the end, that maybe she was going to die from, I would have liked that better. If the baby would have been more normal, that would have been better too. I liked that Edward could read the babies thoughts but I didn't like the rapid growth thing. Maybe the baby could have been a little more advanced mentally for it's age, but not THAT advanced. I also hated the way Edward reacted to the pregnancy almost the whole time. Really, for some reason the whole pregnancy thing reminded me of that scene in Dawn of the Dead with the pregnant lady Ha Ha. Oh and that name! What a stupid name. I also think the book should have been edited more. The J Jenks thing should have been cut out. And I sort of felt like she lost her characters a bit through parts of the story. I would have liked it better if Bella would have had to sacrifice more to become a vamp. It was all too easy. I wanted to see her go through some of the newborn vamp stuff for at least a little while. And we were all geared up for a battle at the endand then nothing happens. That was very disappointing.  Overall I was disappointed in the book, but I will choose to remember the parts I liked and forget the rest.
6305428271|2.0|I haven't seen Dangerous Minds for ages, apart from bits on TV on holiday, which I wasn't really paying attention to at the time. When I found it on DVD for cheap, I bought it.<br /><br />As soon as I put this DVD on, and it started up, I remembered all the characters instantly. I even remembered what happened in the movie.<br /><br />But really, there's nothing new here that hasn't been done a thousand times before, and better. The story is pretty generic, and is almost a direct copy of what happens in Sister Act 2. Even the cast look pretty similar. A former marine comes in to teach the 'bad' kids, who have managed to be unteachable up until now. She teaches them karate (without actually touching them of course), teaches them a few choice phrases about choosing or wanting to die, and boom, she's the best teacher ever.<br /><br />The kids are pretty stereotypical too, there's the choice bad guy, with the girlfriend who wants to protect him, the other bad guy who wants to be bad, but has a good family behind him and all the other stereotypes you can think of. Any fans of Hackers will recognise Renoly Santiago from that. What's shocking is that Wade Dominguez, who played Emilio (the bad guy), actually died at the age of 32 in 1998, from respiratory failure. I couldn't believe it when I read that.<br /><br />The only real lasting impression that Dangerous Minds will leave you with is the song that was everywhere when it was out \\"Gangster's Paradise\\". Otherwise, it's pretty forgettable.
0767819659|5.0|My Grandaughter thought this was wonderful. We watched six times. She liked the fact that it was a real little girl and would like more Madelines just like this one
031606792X|3.0|Twilight was the best book of the series.  Each book thereafter, has been less and less entertaining--too much talking(or whining)about feelings and not enough moving plot. Breaking Dawn is the least likeable of the series.  I did not care for the main plot of the book.  I thought Bella should have struggled more with becoming a vampire. I thought there was too much sex talk considering the target audience.
031606792X|1.0|This is the worst piece of drivel I've ever read in my entire life -- and I've read a lot of drivel. Ms. Meyer needs to take full responsibility for creating a work of fiction that is so outrageously, embarrasingly bad, that former fans worldwide are returning Breaking Dawn in order to get their hard-earned money back.  I can safely say I will never again read another piece of work ever written by her. Her complete disregard for her fans and for the world and characters she created has left me feeling stunned and betrayed. Ms. Meyer you are not fit to even have your name mentioned in the same breath as JK. Rowling.    Jake imprinting on a newborn baby? Pardon me while I hurl.
B000WS4OUW|4.0|There's something extra dark and extra special on this one.   It sounds as if it were recorded on a humid Summer night somewhere in the country.   There's a dirty and deep feel that goes beyond the dry AC/DC sounds of Danzig I. Something about it also rings fresher than the studio sound of Danzig III.   Slide guitar, stripped down blues meanderings...   A moderate amount of experimentation can be heard as well...   \\"Blood and Tears\\" marks Glenn's first true attempt at a ballad, and the refrain of \\"Tired of being alive\\" initiates an ethos unseen to this point; almost the antithesis of the invincible swagger of \\"Mother.\\" Pain, alienation and warning are the themes.        This may well be the quintessential Danzig release.  A dark and melancholy preview of things to come.
031606792X|5.0|This novel was a roller coaster ride of emotions which I thoroughly enjoyed.  I appreciate Stephenie for ending the story in 1 book. Good for the lack of patience in our current world and the current economy.  The whole Twilight saga has been a joy for me, with Breaking Dawn no exception. I love these characters!
1401309666|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a business friend.  I am interested in starting an internet business and operate within what Chris Anderson describe as \\"The Long Tail\\" of my business sector.  Armed with the knowledge and insight from this book, I feel that I am better prepared to launch my business.  The best thing about this book is that it is linked to a blog that is constantly updated as well.  So, and remaining questions that I had regarding the book were either answered on Chris Anderson's blog ([...]) or I could ask it then and there.      This book will quickly become one of the mandatory pieces of literature for anyone wanting to operate a business or grow an idea on the internet.
031606792X|4.0|I think Breaking Dawn is more tightly written than the other books.  That being said, it doesn't seem to explore emotions and intricate relationships quite as much. I kind of liked having the emotional aspect of it not as tangled up for once though.    Jacob's chapters were fun to read. I always love his perspective. I liked the interesting new developments since it is definitely a departure from the tone of the other books. The main thing that I think was a problem was that just a little more tragedy would have given this book (and the whole series) a bit more depth and emotional punch.  I say that, and I am definitely not a tragedy lover.  But it would have helped in this instance.    However, new characters are introduced and are great fun to learn about. I think one of her main strengths is in making fun, real characters with great dialog.       SPOILERS      As for the pregnancy bit.  I know a lot of people find it hard to believe that Bella would be that attached to a child she claimed she didn't want beforehand.  But many women have experienced this same thing. My Mother, who was surprised by her pregnancy with me, my sister, who was immature before she had her baby, but afterwards, she became a responsible, extremely loving and protective mother (he changed her life), and me, who always thought I'd have trouble bonding with a baby when I first got pregnant.  I *did* get pregnant, and was instantly attached.  When I lost the pregnancy a few weeks later, I was heartbroken and still mourn that loss.  It may be hard to understand if you haven't experienced it, but that doesn't mean it's not possible.    As for the \\"rules\\" of Stephenie's world, she explains in a basic way why the pregnancy could happen. And she didn't establish those rules, her characters did.  They BELIEVED that it wouldn't happen.  They didn't KNOW.
031606792X|3.0|i pre-ordered Breaking Dawn from Amazon, and while I waited for delivery I anxiously visited the site to track it and noticed some of the earlier reviews. I quickly closed my browser as I saw that there was such strong opinions loaded with spoilers. Now as an adult fan of the series I have a couple opinions on it and whether or not you should bother reading it.<br /><br />1. If you have read the other three books, you must read Breaking Dawn to see how things unfold for a few of the characters in the book - namely bella, edward, and jacob. There is nothing that bad about this book that would warrant you NOT reading it.<br /><br />2. The book is overwritten, but I think in this harry potter age -- meyer was probably under a lot of pressure to write a meaty book. To satisfy fans like us in believing that she pulled out all the stops to end this series well. Which leads me to my next point...<br /><br />3. I don't think that she was ready to write this book. But the fans and the publishing company probably pressured her to do so. I mean there is a certain momentum that this series has taken on - and so she had to write it. But I don't think the vision was really there yet. Explaining why she overwrote scenes. Why there seemed to be not enough plot or character development. Why some parts seemed to drag on and not at all be really relevant to the story.<br /><br />4. This book was different than the other three - because you could see every plot twist coming a mile away. Except for the fact that she was pregnant maybe. Other than that - I was easily guessing everything that came next. (I knew immediately that jacob was going to imprint on the baby, hence those long drawn out scenes with Leah).  I was not able to really do that with the other three books. I had no idea what direction she was going with the plot -- which I enjoyed. This one not so much. I mean I absolutely do not mind a nice and tidy ending - but at least one that comes after a nice rollercoaster ride. Not in this case.<br /><br />5. I gave the book three stars because while I don't think it was exceptionally written - I do think it served its purpose and that was to end the series with some closure and some satisfaction in knowing what happened to certain characters. And of course having one more final glimpse into the love of bella and edward.<br /><br />6. Finally, as a mother of three girls -- who are not yet of age to read this series -- I think this series is appropriate for the audience it was intended for. Meyer did at least wait until they were married to have sex, which is more than I can say for most teens out here today. I also do not believe that the author is solely responsible for writing a book that is a \\"message\\" to all the youth of today. I mean no one has the expectation of the author of all of the gossip girl novels or ones like them. At the end of the day, this is a story (enjoyed by many obviously!) and it is a parents responsibility to teach their children how to be independent thinking leaders. Not the author of a vampire series!book three stars because while I don't think it was exceptionally written - I do think it served its purpose and that was to end the series with some closure and some satisfaction in knowing what happened to certain characters. And of course having one more final glimpse into the love of bella and edward.    6. Finally, as a mother of three girls -- who are not yet of age to read this series -- I think this series is appropriate for the audience it was intended for. Meyer did at least wait until they were married to have sex, which is more than I can say for most teens out here today. I also do not believe that the author is solely responsible for writing a book that is a \\"message\\" to all the youth of today. I mean no one has the expectation of the author of all of the gossip girl novels or ones like them. At the end of the day, this is a story (enjoyed by many obviously!) and it is a parents responsibility to teach their children how to be independent thinking leaders. Not the author of a vampire series!
0316143472|5.0|Sedaris' book title caught my eye, and I ordered it on a whim, only later realizing that i had caught a bit of his interview about the book on Jon Stewart (I was mostlikely half asleep).  It was literally laugh-out-loud funny in a realistic way, not at all forced, and I loved his phraseology.  I'm recommending it to everyone i know with the same sort of warped sense of humor I have; those who can relate to the absurdity in every day occurrences.
0449227421|5.0|this is a great book.  i read it twice.  it keeps you guessing at every turn.
031606792X|5.0|I was worried when I first saw the reviews, many of which were only one star, but after getting past the unexpected parts, mostly Bella's unplanned pregnancy, I found that I really did love the whole story.  At first, I was resentful of Renesmee's conception, but then like everyone else in the novel, I fell in love with Renesmee.  The plot was completely opposite of anything I was expecting and I loved vampire Bella and the fact that her \\"blocked mind\\" carried out so well into her vampire life.  The idea of the Volturi trying to wipe out the Cullens was also fantastic.  Many people were complaining about the fact that Stephenie made the ending too perfect, but I thought it gave me some closure and I loved the fact that Bella could finally open her mind to Edward and they could live together with their daughter and Jacob forever.  All in all, it was one of the best books I've read this year.
1592642195|5.0|Though he was resigned to a life of miserable loneliness, some hope still remained for Jamie McCloone. \\"The Misremembered Man\\" is the story of two opposites. One is the rugged Jamie, with his cruel history of orphanhood and a sad life; the other is Lydia, a cleanliness next to godliness type, who lives under an oppressive mother. They meet through the newspaper and an intriguing romance begins to bud, in this touching story of companionship set in rural Ireland's darker times. A top pick for readers seeking a well-written period piece.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Telling people I really like the Offspring isn't something that's easy to do. They have a very solid discography but starting with 1998's [[ASIN:B00000DHRZ Americana]] it became peppered and eventually nearly saturated with guilty pleasures. There's not really song on 2003's [[ASIN:B0000DIC87 Splinter]] that you can admit to loving without getting stripped of all \\"punk credentials\\". It was something I didn't mind, since I'm the kind of guy who's used to defending his musical taste. But when Hammerhead was released as the first single from the first proper studio effort from the Offspring in five years, something was magical about it. It was lengthy, yes, and a little pretentious in how it was drawn out, but it was a positively rockin' song. It had the adrenaline-pumping riffs, the smart lyrics and the trademark Offspring hook to give me the satisfaction of listening to any of their finest songs without having to worry about how I'm going to defend the record when talking with my music snob compatriots. For once, I was going to buy an Offspring album, crank it up, sing along with the irresistable choruses while the critics and fans backed me up on my emotions 100%, right? Right?    I would be right, if the critics weren't heartless bastards. I won't pretend there's nothing to critique here, but the resounding critical consensus is that the Offspring are \\"punk veterans\\" who should \\"know better\\" than to have a simple thesis for their album such as \\"[stuff] is [messed] up\\", before going on about what a splendid record [[ASIN:B000001IPL Smash]] was. And I'm not denying Smash was indeed a fantastic album, but they're clearly tinting their shades a bit rose. Dexter Holland's lyrics were never anything like Bad Religion's polysyllabic political musings or NOFX's aggressive blasts against anything establishment. Dexter's lyrics are, and always have been, social in their context. \\"I'm [[ASIN:B001APFCMA not the one]] who made the world what it is today / I'm not the one who caused the problems started long ago\\" is not far removed at all from \\"I don't know too much / but I know this: [stuff] is [messed] up!\\" It's always been the same in that the songs are less about the government's specific wrongdoings and more so about ubiquitous attitudes and vices that, since they run rampant through our government, work as political songs, but apply to your boss, your friend, your significant other, your parents, etc. as well as they do the president. There's nothing condescending, preachy or all-knowing about it. More than can be said about tracks like [[ASIN:B0011Z8OO2 Holiday]], which I suppose these critics are using as their golden example to judge all punk albums hereafter to, but it simply boils down to \\"War sucks, screw Bush\\" with little more than artistic inflection elevating it to three minutes in length. Punk started out of aggression towards politicians, and now the credentials required to make a punk album is to practically be one? If Dexter Holland was valedictorian in high school and claims to not know too much, and Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong was a stoner high school dropout who is now claiming to be qualified to know how to fix our country's problems, someone is clearly padding their résumé.    That's not to say that Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace is the album I hoped for. The guilt abounds whether it's the kind of guilt one gets from listening to My Chemical Romance on the album's bleeding-heart opening anthem Half-Truism, (\\"If we don't make it alive / It's a hell of a good day to die\\"? Really?) the guilt one gets from any of their genre-niche novelty songs in the dance-rock \\"You're Gonna Go Far, Kid\\" (which nails the pleasure center of your brain in ways Fall Out Boy's [[ASIN:B000W0YWNY Dance, Dance]] only claimed to do), and the ballads. OK, chill out, there's only two of them. There's Kristy, Are You Doing OK, which despite the noble subject matter (Dex tries to make peace with letting his childhood friend's domestic abusego unreported) chokes when Bob Rock assembles the song by the All-American Rejects playbook, except he skipped the page that says \\"have a breakdown or key change to keep the song from being skip-button-abusively monotonous by the last chorus\\". Fix You, however, has nothing to do with its [[ASIN:B000TDYPHW Coldplay-borne namesake]] and resembles more a less-mechanical [[ASIN:B000VZUIAQ Chasing Cars]]. There's no abundance of major-key radio-ready monsters here, unlike the four albums that came before it here, though. In their place, though, are three very good up-tempo songs that sound bright and jovial without ceasing to sound like the punky Offspring that filled out the rest of the album.    I give the Offspring a hard time. And maybe I'm not so different from the critics I spent half this review blasting in that I feel the boys are capable of more than they've put forth on this album. But truthfully, there's been something missing in the five years they took off, and a summer drive with a new bangin' Offspring song on my car stereo is a pleasure I haven't indulged in for a good long while. Even if I don't have the balls to listen with the windows down. Bottom line, if you like classic rough punk Offspring but also have a soft spot in your heart for slick, hooky poppy Offspring, this record doesn't just mash the two concepts together, but satisfies both concepts in one of the most well-rounded, coherent albums the O.C. band has put together in a long time. It's a shame the critics don't share my enthusiasm. [Stuff] is [messed] up indeed.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|The best show I ever seen on television. It's a smart and funny drama, you never can guess what's going to happen next. He is Dexter Morgan and he works for the crime lab in Mami,Flordia working with blood splatter. In this season he finds out why he is the way is and where he come's from. He kill's only the bad people, the people that deserve to die. I rated it at a five but, I really give it a ten. I can't wait for the next season. I have a hard time figuring out what to buy, in may opinion this is worth ever penny.
B000LC4TJ0|5.0|This is an intense and unblinking look at human relationships and the social frames in which they are set. It is about our desperate determination to fit into such frames and to uphold them, against our deepest yearnings to transcend them. There are lovelier and funnier versions of Figaro, but I doubt that there is a more gripping exploration of the interplay between the social and the personal, public and private.     The production takes many risks, but it is so daring in conception and so creative in execution that all gambles pay off. The staging is one of complex visual allusions and minutely devised choreography. While not bathed in rococo pink, it is never bleak or monochromatic. The characters dangle in hope and fear, longing to connect and not having the courage to do so. Love is imagined, craved for, groped for, and then suppressed, deemed impractical, pushed aside. Repressive power does not simply emanate from the Count. It is internalized in everyone--albeit to varying degrees. Harnoncourt's tempos allow the opera's emotional intensity to fully unfold and passages of haunting beauty to emerge afresh. A number of scenes have a dream-like quality; they put you into a trance and allow you to truly hear the shades of feeling in the music. It could be called a modernist production, but none of it is there just to be different. It is there to visualize the relationships expressed in the music. It illuminates angles that I had never seen, heard, or imagined before. The comparison to an Ingmar Bergman film is apt in terms of the emotional and erotic charge, the superb use of light and shadow, even the camera-work. The shots from high above the stage, toward the folly, desolation, and--yes--hope below are magnificent. For despite all the loneliness and brutality and despair, there is hope. `Voi che sapete' is the most heavenly I have ever seen. Yes, seen, as this is a performance that you really have to see, not just hear.     This is a version for adults. Dim the lights and let yourself be moved. Our ability to overcome pre-given frames is at the heart of Figaro.
B000Y7U98C|1.0|Never thought I'd get the chance to use the lyrics from a Devo song in a review. Never say, \\"never.\\"<br /><br />I'm no fan of Danny Boyle (act accordingly). Apparently, I don't think like the masses (which is a good thing). I thought TRAINSPOTTING was really quite boring. It's not a bad film, it just doesn't do anything for me. I absolutely loathed 28 DAYS LATER. I was waiting for the horror, which never came. And when the protagonists arrived at the soldier's compound and things started going bad, I mumbled, \\"this is a rip-off of Romero's DAY OF THE DEAD. But, without any humor or horror,\\" and I walked out of the theater. To be fair, I watched the entire film years later on Satellite. I wished I was still in the theater so I could have walked out again. I don't understand the fanbase and accolades that this director receives. Or why he has such a large head. I still don't get the appeal of his movies. I had no idea he directed this until after it was over and I started researching it. Because I had to know who to direct my anger at. If I had known it was a Boyle flick, I would have turned it off and saved myself a lot of misery. This flick is so awful, it did not surprise me one bit that Danny Boyle was at the helm. It's time the Studios threw him overboard. Before he sinks another ship. Or, send him hurtling into the Sun before he sets off another stink bomb. There's a reason this flick bombed in the theaters. It's terrible!<br /><br />I was right about Boyle being a rip-off artist. Everything you've been reading in the negative reviews is TRUE. This movie has stolen set pieces and sequences from 2001, EVENT HORIZON, and ALIEN. And how anyone can compare this to the original or the brilliant remake of SOLARIS is beyond me.<br /><br />I have no idea why reviewers are making apologies for the actors in this. The performances are terrible.<br /><br />The science is this film is a mixed bag. The basic premise of this film is hardly believable. The Sun is \\"too diffuse\\" to hold a theoretical Q Ball. And, if a Q Ball did attach itself to the Sun, it would not cause the Sun to fizzle out, it would only make it hotter. We would burn up long before the Sun started to cool down. A nuke would not reignite the Sun. It would take billions of them. Nor would it have any effect on a Q Ball. However, some reviewers are wrong about a human being not surviving exposure in a vacuum. It is possible as long as the human body does not hold its breath, and is not exposed to vacuum for more than about two minutes. However, you would not instantly freeze like one of the characters did in this film. And your eyeballs would boil, not freeze. Those of you that are saying the film is \\"fiction\\" and are comparing this to STAR WARS, your argument is moot. STAR WARS is pure Fantasy. Or, Space Opera. This film presents itself as a realistic Sci-fi Drama and switches gears midstream into the Horror genre. You can't compare apples and oranges.<br /><br />If you don't take my advice and you end up watching this lowbrow space junk, make sure you look directly into the Sun and burn out your retinas. You're gonna wish you were blind when you view the final 30 minutes of this schlocky Sci-fi Horror tripe.<br /><br />This film receives NO STARS. However, I do give it FIVE NEUTRON STARS for collapsing on itself.<br /><br />As John Denver said, \\"SUNSHINE in my eyes can make me cry.\\"<br /><br />Danny Boyle is The Ultimate Rip-off Artist! And, he has a giant basketball head with its very own gravitational pull. I guess this why I keep getting sucked into his films.<br /><br />AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE.And, if a Q Ball did attach itself to the Sun, it would not cause the Sun to fizzle out, it would only make it hotter. We would burn up long before the Sun started to cool down. A nuke would not reignite the Sun. It would take billions of them. Nor would it have any effect on a Q Ball. However, some reviewers are wrong about a human being not surviving exposure in a vacuum. It is possible as long as the human body does not hold its breath, and is not exposed to vacuum for more than about two minutes. However, you would not instantly freeze like one of the characters did in this film. And your eyeballs would boil, not freeze. Those of you that are saying the film is \\"fiction\\" and are comparing this to STAR WARS, your argument is moot. STAR WARS is pure Fantasy. Or, Space Opera. This film presents itself as a realistic Sci-fi Drama and switches gears midstream into the Horror genre. You can't compare apples and oranges.    If you don't take my advice and you end up watching this lowbrow space junk, make sure you look directly into the Sun and burn out your retinas. You're gonna wish you were blind when you view the final 30 minutes of this schlocky Sci-fi Horror tripe.    This film receives NO STARS. However, I do give it FIVE NEUTRON STARS for collapsing on itself.    As John Denver said, \\"SUNSHINE in my eyes can make me cry.\\"    Danny Boyle is The Ultimate Rip-off Artist! And, he has a giant basketball head with its very own gravitational pull. I guess this why I keep getting sucked into his films.    AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE.
031606792X|4.0|-There are probably going to be spoliers in this when I'm done.-      I don't understand why all you bad-review-givers have such a problem with Bella, Edward and Jacob all being happy..  What's up with that? I mean seriously.  And then, you keep complaining about how it teaches children, or whoever, to expect everything to turn out perfect and how they'll all be crushed to little pieces when it doesn't turn out so.  Why hasn't there been such a reaction when Disney does it? Hmm?  And. Last time I checked, this was purely a work of fiction, about vampires and werewolves. Why would this story depict anyones future?    Anyways,  I must admit that I was slightly disappointed when Bella got pregnant because I personally don't like children. But I forced myself to continue reading. And I'm very happy I did. I was very excited that Jacob imprinted on Reneesmee because I would have been very upset if Jacob had ended up being alone and miserable. I don't find it disturbing at all. It's like how Jacob explained it when Quil imprinted on Claire. He will act as a big brother and a protector when she is a child. And when she is old enough to see him in a more intimate way, he will see her that way as well. And they will go on their merry way together.   And I think it makes perfect sense that Jacob imprinted on Bella's child. Jacob loves Bella, and Bella loves Jacob, but not as much as Edward obviously. So I think it works really well that he still gets part of Bella that he can love that way.    And then The Volturi came and noone died. I see no problem with that. Again, what happened made sense. Aro saw a bigger threat than they had anticipated. They realized that they might have lost if a fight had broken out so they left and caused no harm to the Cullen family and their friends.    So all in all, I just don't see what's wrong with a happy ending.
0767812166|5.0|I have had the VHS version of this film for years - purchased used from Hollywood video.  Pan-and-scan, not the greatest fuzzy picture, mediocre sound (its difficult to remember how bad the VHS format was back when that was all we had).  I went to watch this the other day and couldn't find it (I think I lent it to someone and never got it back), so, since I had been thinking about getting the DVD for quite a while I came to Amazon to order it.<br /><br />Thanks to Wayne Klein's review I was immediately informed that the only version available on Amazon U.S. was a \\"full screen\\" version (yeccch) without any extras - and that there was a European version that was in wide-screen letterbox, Dolby Digital, WITH extras.<br /><br />Well, that was a no-brainer for me.  Since I had purchased a year or so go (from Amazon, I might add) a DVD player (Pioneer) that has all the bells and whistles, and ALSO plays PAL (the DVD format for Europe) disks, I immediately went to Amazon U.K. http://www.amazon.co.uk/ and ordered this DVD.<br /><br />It arrived at my place in California (from England) air mail in about five days.<br /><br />Let me tell you that this disk is AWESOME (let me mention again that regular DVD players in the U.S. will not play this disk - you must have a player that will play the PAL format.  My Pioneer plays both PAL and NTSC - US format - disks).  Amazingly clear and crisp picture and sound.  From watching this DVD one would not guess that this film is a few years old.<br /><br />I had never had the pleasure of watching Starman in widescreen with a sharp, clear picture and awesome Dolby surround, and it is almost like watching a whole new film.  Hell, it IS like watching a whole new film.  The extras are nice - a \\"making of\\" documentary, a voice-over narration by director Carpenter and actor Bridges.<br /><br />My one possible gripe about the voice-over (and a small one, at that!) is that it was obviously recorded many years after the making of the film so  Carpenter and Bridges sometimes go off on riffs that have little to do with the action onscreen - just at the point when some meaty commentary would have been nice.<br /><br />On the other hand, the \\"riffs\\" that they get off on are fascinating.  At one point Bridges (in commenting on the difficulty of doing love scenes) makes some statements that I found extremely interesting.  It was something to the effect that in order to make love scenes believable the actors must really \\"open their hearts\\" to one another, because if they don't it just doesn't work onscreen.<br /><br />He then goes on to say that when you DO open your heart to someone it makes it very difficult NOT to actually fall in love - but if you do (actually fall in love) it really \\"messes up your life\\".  He says it's strange - part of \\"the job\\" is to open your heart.  He says this is probably why there are so many romances between actors during the filming of movies.<br /><br />I found his statements very profound.<br /><br />I have loved this movie for years, and have watched it many times (and will, without doubt, watch it many times more) so I will leave the actual reviews of the film to the others here that like it as well as I do - *definitely a Five Star*.<br /><br />However, if you like this movie as much as I do (and it definitely one of my all-time favorites) go for a PAL/NTSC DVD player (mine cost about $60.00) and DO go for the wide-screen, letterbox, Dolby digital surround  version from Amazon U.K.<br /><br />You will be glad that you did.<br /><br />Ps.  Once you have your PAL player you will begin to realize that there might be a lot of other disks that you might like to watch that are not available on the U.S. NTSC format and are only available on PAL.<br /><br />By the way - this is a film the whole family can enjoy.  For those who care (I don't) - there is one brief love scene that is basically just passionate hugging and kissing - no nudity.  Also, Mr. Bridges' back is viewed briefly in thenude early in the film as he becomes the Starman.<br />Nice bod.  :-)<br /><br />Happy watching!
0385340567|1.0|I'm a great Reacher fan, have enjoyed the other books, but this one is, to be succinct, silly.  The first part of the book offers some promise to have a reasonable plot, maybe an intriguing solution.  But the further it goes, the sillier it gets, ending up in the silliest cataclysism of all.  Again, great fan of Childs, but this one....don't bother.
031606792X|1.0|I'm seriously returning this book and pretending there are only three books in this series.  I might not even waste my time/postage and will freecycle it instead.  This was so bad I wish I could scrub my mind of the stupidity within. It's tainted my desire to see the movie and/or read the book about Edward.<br /><br />I was happy up until the honeymoon, and then there was just nothing pulling me in.  I wish I'd stopped there, or skipped to Jacob's chapters.  Instead I kept reading hoping it would get better.  It didn't.<br /><br />I don't know what Mrs. Meyer was thinking (or not), or if she was rushing to please her publishers and/or fans, but holy craptastic.<br /><br />I'm just so disappointed in so many aspects I don't even know where to begin.  Outside of the obvious, I don't see how a lot of things tied into the series, and how she brought new characters and ideas into this 'final' book.  People who wouldn't help the Cullens before with regular vampire enemies suddenly will help against the biggest, scariest vampires of all?  Or she skipped the BIGGEST part of becoming a new vampire and was fine?!  I don't even care about the imprinting on a baby part but it was just too...simple.  I just am sad that there was SUCH potential for this story, so many other directions it could go, and this felt like the cop out, lazy version.  I won't be buying anything else from this author ever.
031606792X|4.0|It's a guilty pleasure, as an adult, to find young adult fiction I like (adore) that provides the Twilight saga's level of suspense and romantic thrill. Stephenie Meyer writes compelling fiction and she writes it well. I couldn't put Twilight down, I sobbed through New Moon,  and I was agitated for days after finishing Eclipse. I was truly anxious to read Breaking Dawn.    And it was okay! I confess to reading some of the spoiler reviews here pre-read. But after I read the book, I wasn't sure if I'd read the same book as some 1-star reviewers.     I honestly liked the book.    I found Breaking Dawn to be a cohesive work. It had a very different flavour than the last three books and, in many ways, I found it to be less emotionally manipulative than Eclipse. The direction of the story line makes sense. Although the pacing meandered in several places and I felt she spent too much time setting the stage for an event that fizzled in the end, there was enough tension to keep me reading through the long bits. And I liked that I was surprised by most of her choices as it would have been far too predictable if the story had unfolded just like I had expected. And I've decided that I can live with some little plot manipulations here and there that make the story work.    Stephenie Meyer is not Jane Austen so I don't expect her writing to give me that same level of literary satisfaction that I get from reading P&P (you'd never catch Jane using a term like \\"little nudger\\"). However, like Jane, Stephenie is a creature of her social culture and this is reflected throughout all her books. Also, her books are rightfully geared for young adults, so it makes sense that she handles physical romance with care.    If you've been dying to read this last book and have been waffling because of the negative reviews here (and other places), ignore them. The book is certainly worth your time. Even if turns out not to be your favourite of the series (and this is likely), by the time you turn the last page, you will have a sense of all being right in Bella's world. And, personally, I liked that.
031606792X|3.0|This book was really long . . . I both enjoyed and struggled with this series because of the length, but I would have to say that this was the hardest to read. The first part was great, i loved it, and the second part was interesting and enjoyable, the last part, however, was . . . lacking action. It was boring and I even procrastinated finishing the book because it was so boring.     Unlike the other reviewers I don't mind the happy ending (Disney movies - it's a curse) but, I was very disapointed with the lack of conflict! Everything was resolved and everyone got what they wanted and Bella became a perfect vampire with no problems just like Edward and Jacob lost his fire toward the Cullins and the only one with the slightest personality that held me to the end was the baby. She creeped me out at first but that fear turned into intrest quickly. I have to admit, I thought she would be evil and raise conflict, but, of corse nothing bad happened and all she wanted to do was keep her parents and Jacob happy. Amazing . . . .    So, I guess overall . . . it was okay. Get it if your a die-hard fan, but if your the kind of person who was reading the series because everyone else was you'll probably stuggle through this dictionary sized book like I did. I don't suggest it for buying, it's a waste of money, unless your trying to own the collection, (like me) rent it from a library and good luck.
B000E6EGXM|5.0|This is a great performance of the Requiem, probably the finest piece of its kind written during the 20th Century.  In that it's conducted by Britten with singers of his choice makes it the definitive performance of this work.<br /><br />What's particularly wonderful are the rehearsal tapes, which take up much of the second disc.  It's a rare privilege to hear the composer tell the performers exactly what he wants from the music.  Britten clearly knew what he wanted and conveyed that to the performers with grace and humor.<br /><br />Highly recommended!!!!
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|on first listen, It sounded like another band who may or may not take their cue from coldplay and I wasn't swept into it immediately they way I did their previous efforts since I've grown so used to their sound.  But on second and third spins you realized this is definitely them expanding their sound and it is a very good addition to their cannon.  Viva La Coldplay.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Film noir taken in the sci fi genre maximum.  Reminescent of Philip K Dick.  A dark, disturbing mystery suspense film that once the story takes hold, leaves one panting for the truth...the narrator is unreliable, but as the hero we are rooting for him, and believe ultimately that he will take us to the truth...Remember Sam Jenkins!
B000Y179KO|5.0|All I can add to the many helpful reviews is that I have over 400 CD's, culled down to those I really like.  After just a few plays, this album became my favorite of all of them.  The harmonies are exquisite, along with instrumentation and everything else (hence two Grammies and three nominations).  Very good to excellent albums will typically have three songs or so per disc that I really like.  This double album has no less than seventeen songs that I like a lot; one instrumental I also like; and only two songs that I don't care for.  I have given it to my better friends.  Try this one if you like the Eagles at all.
B000ZN802W|1.0|\\"Into the Wild\\" provided nothing more than the story of a boy in a man's body. Idealistic, self indulgent, inexperienced and incapable of coping with the vicissitudes of real life, he ventures into the wild. Before doing that he sends twenty-four thousand dollars to charity and burns his pocket money. Then he becomes a drifter, dependent on others, having to earn money to get supplies to go into the wild. Not sensible. Once in the wild, he lives in an abandoned bus, murders an innocent moose he doesn't have the experience to butcher properly, can't cross a swollen river to get back to civilization, mistakenly eats the wrong plant and dies an agonizing death on the bus. This film was boring. The protagonist's idealism, inexperience and eccentricity are annoying. My only feeling for anyone in the film was for his poor parents and sister. The loss of a child is a penance few bear well. The agony of not knowing where he was for two years is, as any parent can empathize with, a slow, agonizing torture. He rejected his parents and their lifestyle and in the end he achieved the highest revenge he could: he left them with a void for the rest of their lives. The sort of self absorption, selfishness, meanness and recrimination does not rise to an art form. There is nothing noble in what that boy did.
B001ACY8D2|5.0|I cannot get enough of Sigur Ros. Every single album since their sophomore effort has been a moody, masterpiece of soundscapes and this one keeps that string going.
B000KKPN5C|2.0|I bought this flash mainly for hand-help use for strobing while light painting during long exposure night photography.  It wasn't very good quality, so I returned it.
0684135051|4.0|I am an EZ fan big time and own ALL her books! Your knitting skills will take off after learning her techniques. This book is awesome if you're mostly into sweaters or are just starting to knit. If you like to knit a wide range of items (including shawls, blankets, etc.) I highly recommend starting your collection with both \\"Knitters Workshop\\" and \\"Knitters Almanac\\". I started with \\"Knitters Workshop\\" and made her Baby Surprise Jacket and a baby afghan. I'm now doing her famous Pi Shawl from the Knitters Almanac - lots of fun!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|An excellent portrayal of our country's struggle for freedom. I think everyone in Washington DC should see it, because we have strayed off of course(just a little).
031606792X|5.0|I think that this was the best of all the twilight series books. There is so much that Bella learns about herself in this book, and so does her family. This book, in my opinion, will have you on the edge wondering whats going to happen next and what the outcome is going to be with the choices each character makes.
0786838655|4.0|Imagine Disney's Hercules mixed with Harry Potter in a modern setting. Riodan basically did to Greek Mythology what \\"Shrek\\" did to fairy tales. I've enjoyed the Greek Mythology and The Lightning Thief is a great blend of that with good action and witty jokes. For kids this book is great as it introduces a theme in a fun and stress-free way. And for someone who has some knowledge in the Greek gods and heroes, it's truly enjoyable to see these characters so much alive in a modern setting.    This book is not without flaws though. Some of the book reads like episodes of Scooby-Do. Not very much character development and many themes in the book are carbon copies of Harry Potter. But don't get me wrong, the entertainment value of the book far overshadows these draw backs. I won't be surprised if this book brings an renaissance of Greek mythology to popular culture.    Bottom line: read this book, it's fun. Or buy it for your kids, they'll love it.
0060922583|3.0|Everybody has a bias, including me, though we usually don't admit it.  Talbot, like many folks, early experienced the validity of what some like to think of as \\"paranormal crap.\\"  If you've had precognitive dreams, OBE, NDEs, etc., you get tired of people who think you're nuts, since you know what you've experienced, and you know what we call science and philosophy can be incredibly narrow-minded.  (See Stephen Braude's works for a philosophical discussion of this point.) That said, Talbot, now deceased, did, in the second part of his book, employ very little skepticism in his discussion of so many areas of paranormal reality.  However, the first part, where he discusses Bohm and Pribram, is about as lucid a discussion of holograms as I've seen in non-technical writings.  So: buy the book for a good discussion of Bohm and Pribram, and take the rest with a grain of salt (though only if you have a scientistic bias will you find ALL of the rest to be \\"crap.\\")
031606792X|5.0|I don't know how people can't like this book!!!  She did just as good with this book as the other three...I thought.  The series has to come to an end somehow and I can't think of a better way.  Seriously people I don't get it.  I loved how she had them get married before they \\"did\\" anything.  I might be old fashioned though.  Someday I will let my daughter read these and I will be glad for just how clean, yet exciting these books are.  I loved how everyone turned out happy in the book.  I was torn between Edward and Jacob, and I really wanted Jacob to imprint. I WAS NOT DISAPOINTED AT ALL IN THIS BOOK.  I COULD NOT OUT IT DOWN!!!!  THANKS TO STEPHENIE FOR ANOTHER 5 STAR BOOK.
B0011NVC9I|1.0|Originally, when I heard a Beowulf movie was being made, I was excited.  I'm an English teacher, and I teach Beowulf to my high school seniors.  I was really looking forward to obtaining a version that I could show to my classes.  Plus, I'm a bit of a nerd and have always liked the story.  Beowulf is quite literally the quintessential Western hero, and when I teach Beowulf, I love to talk about how he is basically an ancient superhero, complete with super strength, super looks, and super values.  Although he loves the gold a little too much and although he craves glory for himself, he is supremely loyal to his people and to his king.  He's a boaster, but he's a boaster who actually lives up to his own hype.  His story has inspired people for over a thousand years and continues to inspire me as I teach it to my students.  The story itself is basically flawless.  It has action, it has gore, it has everything teenagers love about adventure flicks... AND it also has amazing academic value.  When you teach Beowulf, you have to teach Joseph Campbell and the hero's journey.  You have to talk about the Anglo Saxons and their history.  You have to delve into women's roles in that society and relate that to how the females in the story, especially Grendel's mother, are portrayed... and there's so much more!      But to get back to the movie, everything that I mentioned above-- all that I love about the original story of Beowulf-- was either deleted or destroyed in this version of the story.  I knew that this version was going to be \\"different\\" when I saw that Angelina Jolie was cast as Grendel's mother, but I tried to have an open mind.  Maybe they would provide an interesting interpretation of the story that I could discuss with my classes.  I didn't see the movie in the theaters because I was too worried I'd be disappointed, but I encouraged my students to see it.  Literally every student who saw the movie came back and told me that it was awful, which intrigued me.  Normally most students like the movie versions of the books I teach simply because they are more visual and therefore easier to grasp than the original stories.  I was curious why the students hated this particular movie so much.  Months later when I finally got around to seeing it, I discovered what about the movie made it so terrible... and that was everything.      I mean what I say.  The soundtrack was awful and made many scenes seem laughable.  The CG was distracting and inappropriate.  It made the story appear childish and stupid.  And what they did to the story itself... as an English teacher, I was horrified.  HORRIFIED!  They took away everything that was good about the original story.  For example, instead of Beowulf catching Grendel unawares, appearing to be asleep and then grabbing Grendel by the arm, Beowulf meets Grendel standing up as Grendel proceeds to kill three of his warriors.  Then Beowulf uses a chain and the door of the hall to cut off Grendel's arm.  In the story Beowulf does it with his bare hands.  Now granted, one of the main points of this movie is that Beowulf is a braggart who says things happened that didn't, and I might have been able to accept that if the movie didn't continue in that vain and make things even worse.  The \\"battle\\" with Grendel's mother in particular was such a travesty that I could barely continue to watch the film.  Instead of fighting her, almost dying, and finally using a giant's sword to cut off her head, Beowulf only says he killed her and instead sleeps with her, siring a son who eventually becomes the dragon that he kills later in the movie.  WHAT?!  I mean, really?  You had to change the story that much?  The scene in which he gives in to her is so terrible that it's not to be believed.  Grendel's mother promises Beowulf that she will make him a king and make his name last forever if only he will give her a son, and without much struggle, he just gives in.  However, even the Beowulf from earlier in the film would never have done that.  That Beowulf would have laughed at her and said that he could make himself famous, that he didn't need her to do anything for him.  If nothing else, Beowulf should be confident in his own abilities.  Why does he need to sleep with a water wench when he could bring himself glory without cursing himself and fathering a bastard demon child?      I can see what Zemeckis was trying to do with this version.  He was trying to humanize Beowulf.  He even has Beowulf tell Wealtheow, who somehow becomes his wife in this version (after Hrothgar kills himself!), to remember him as a flawed man, not a hero or a king.  However, the appeal of the Beowulf story is that he IS a hero, that he's more than your average, everyday man.  When he gives in to Grendel's mother in this version, part of me wanted to cry inside, if not yell and shake Zemeckis for destroying yet another hero, tearing him down from the heavens and rolling him in the filth of everyday, petty human existence.  Heroes are supposed to be more than that.  What Zemeckis did to Beowulf would be like making Superman a secret crack dealer or Batman a peddler in kiddie porn.  Maybe most people have dirty secrets like that, but heroes aren't supposed to, and if they do, no one wants to hear about it, especially not me.      This movie seems to me to be exactly what is wrong with our post modern world.  We say we want to know everything, that we don't want lies, and that heroes don't exist.  They're too good.  No one's that good.  Yet the possibility of goodness does exist, if only we let our heroes show us the way.  True, heroes may be flawed, but it isn't their flaws that inspire us.  It's the way they overcome their flaws, and in doing so, they vanquish that which oppresses.  They fight and fall and rise again.  They live to fight another day, and they don't give up, nor do they give in.  This Beowulf gave in way too easily.  He wasn't a hero.  He wasn't even that interesting.  He gave in to a sexy woman, as most men might, and he lied about it.  Sure, he killed a few monsters, but he exaggerated about how he did it.  He was small-minded and greedy, too things that Beowulf is definitely not supposed to be.  Beowulf is supposed to be larger than life, and from the first moment you meet him in this movie, Beowulf seems small and boring and normal... very underwhelming.      I'm a person who strongly believes that the world needs heroes, and I think our society is starting to wake up and realize that, too.  Why else would superhero movies be making so much money these days?  If anything, Zemeckis and company should have been smart enough to capitalize on that market.  We all need someone to look up to, someone to believe in to make life meaningful.  Superheroes give us that.  They may not exist in real life, but what they represent does.  They represent goodness and decency, and anyone can be good and decent if they really want to be.  Beowulf is the original superhero.  Why not make a movie that emphasizes that in some way?  You don't need to change the story to make it great.  It already is great, or else it wouldn't have lasted this long.  Just tell the story as it's meant to be told.  That's the version I'm waiting for, but unfortunately because of this crappy version, I'll probably be waiting for a long time.     In conclusion, don't see this movie.  It's not even bad enough to be funny.  It's just bad, and it ruins a good story that deserved better.  If I had to give it a grade, I'd give it an F-.
031606792X|5.0|There have been many fans out there who claim they disliked the last book in the Twilight series because it didn't have the same feel as the others.  Well, of course it didn't.  It couldn't follow the same pattern.  Bella transforms from an average akward young woman into a beautiful, strong, immortal vampire.  She gets to be the hero and I love the way that Stephanie wrote for her.  Her love continues to push her forward and she is willing to sacrifice anything for it.  There is no doubt that she and Edward are going to be together so we don't have to struggle with the will they or won't they.  The focus turns to Nessie, a product of their love and maybe that is just not as relatable for a young audience.    As a mother myself, I thought that Bella's strength (even before she was \\"changed\\") was incredible and true.  There is nothing you would not do for your own child.  And for those who were surprized about the pregnancy---are you kidding?  Of course there was a possibility that she would get pregnant!  To me it seemed obvious that the book would go in that direction.  There was such a build up to Bella and Edward having sex before she was changed (still human)that her getting knocked up does not seem so far fetched.  Granted, it was a tad excellerated but its fiction and I am willing to go along for the ride.    I also think that Meyers did a phenominal job writing the intimate scenes.  Before I read it, I kept wondering how she could possibly touch on this subject (you all know we would have been ticked if she didn't include it since we waited for so long)without it being too desciptive (it is not an adult novel) or too blah?  I felt that her descriptions leading up to the intimacies set a perfect tone and the way the characters discuss it afterwards allowed the audience to fill in mental details as they saw fit.  I thought is was all stinking hot and tastefully done.    I adored the ending!  Bella gets to be a strong, powerful woman and the ultimate protector and finally gets Edward to \\"see\\" how she has felt about him from the beginning.  A happy ending---yeah!!!!  And why not?  Deep down we all wanted them to live happily ever after--It is a great love story.      And, think about all the possibilities for future novels.  I would love to read a book from Nessie's grown up perspective.  All you Jacob fans out there would love that too!!!
031606792X|1.0|But when I want to read crappy fanfiction, I'll do it online. And I certainly won't pay for it.   This was probably the worst book that I've read all the way through. There is no way SMeyer can redeem herself in my eyes after this literary atrocity.
B000R4SMCW|5.0|What appears as a cut and dried murder twists and turns and has many clever and unexpected changes in direction.   Great performances by Anthony Hopkins and matched by young Ryan Gosling.   Dont miss this.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Since I moved to US, I gained extra pounds that I can't get rid of. Guess why? Lol  One of my colleague advised Jillian Michael dvd as a must-have. Honestly I wasn't really enthousiastic about it. In Europe, we are not really into this kind of stuff. Having work out in front of your tv! Whattt!..  However, I have to admit that this dvd really works. There is 3 levels of 30 min each, and it is surprisingly not boring at all. Each level is made of 3 circuits (cardio, strenght, abs)that really shreds your bod. This work out is very effective, in 2 weeks I lost 2 inches on each hips and tighs by working out everyday!!
031606792X|3.0|I read all four of the Twilight books within a week and was able to really compare each to the next. I cruised through the first two and then struggled through the last two, I dont know if it was the length, or if the story started to lag. I think that Stephanie Meyer came up with a really great story idea, but struggled with writing it properly. The fact that in none of the books the conflicts ever actually came to a head and was actually written out, bothered me. It was never described to the reader in the first book how James tried to kill Bella, she just blacked out and woke up, in Italy the Volturi never fought with anyone, in the third book Bella, Edward, and Seth were separated from the main battle, and in the final book the battle never took place. I am sorry, but if this is the conflict and climax of the book, I want a little action! I think the problem was that Stephanie Meyer doesnt have enough confidence in her ability as a writer to describe a battle scene. I think she worked hard on these books, but didnt push herself far enough to be a great writer and give this story the kind of writing it deserves. Each book had the same descriptions over and over again of how Bella felt towards Edward, describing their love and devotion with the same words. We get it her heart pounds when he touches her. I havent read \\"The Host\\" so I wonder if the writing is along the same lines as in the Twilight saga, meaning it leaves a much to be desired. I read that the author has many more story ideas in her head of books she wants to write and already has a written account of Twilight from Edwards point of view. I am always suspicious of authors who can whip out books one after another because to me that means the quality is suffering. I hope that in the future Stephanie Meyer will work hard to improve her writing, because it is clear from these books that her basic story ideas are easy to become enthralled with.     Breaking Dawn was not my favorite book in this series by any means. I wasnt bothered by the pregnancy, and was happy that Bella became a vampire. I just needed more plot and a stronger climax to the story, and also I dont need everything tied up in a perfect little bow at the end of the series. I think the author saw how she wanted it to end, and had a few twists, but all in all, it was a long 700+ pages without enough action.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|I first heard about this movie after some friends saw it at its premiere at CineVegas last year. And of course -- being biased towards anything that starts with \\"Once upon a time\\" -- I just had to see it. And although it's taken me a year, I sure am glad I've seen it now.      And it's pretty much what I expected: charming, whimsical , and romantic. Oh, and hilarious.  The hilarious bit I did not expect, but it is filled with golden, laugh-out-loud moments.     The narrative is very storybook-style, and the writing is quite clever, because as soon as I thought I knew how the rest of the film would play out, it changed.  The production design and music were also very strong, and fit the rest of the film perfectly.     Christina Ricci is luminous and sweet, and James McAvoy is wonderful and always a pleasure to look at, but it was the supporting cast really impressed me. Peter Dinklage, Catherine O'Hara, Richard E. Grant, Reese Witherspoon, and Simon Woods made this movie sparkle.      My only complaints were that I couldn't quite make up my mind what the message/moral of the story was trying to get across (\\"love yourself the way you are\\" or \\"only beautiful people get happy endings?\\"). The ending seemed to fizzle out a bit.  And there is a good handful of awkward, cheesy moments.  But they are over quickly enough, and at the end of the day, it's still two hours well spent.     I'm going to try to show Penelope to as many people as I can, and I definitely recommend you try it out, too.
1401302378|2.0|A writer who I follow avidly is the New Yorker's Malcolm Gladwell, who for a decade now has successfully analyzed and explained the bleeding obvious. But he does so in a fluid and entertaining manner, which is what mostly accounts for his success.    A few years ago Mr. Gladwell wrote a book called \\"The Tipping Point,\\" which went on to become a publishing phenomenon. In it he explained how certain products become phenomena. First, someone creates the product or comes up with the idea. Second, someone packages it properly so that it's something that resonates with people. Third, someone discovers it and enthusiastically promotes it until its sales or notoriety reaches \\"a tipping point,\\" and once it crosses this threshold the idea or product becomes a cultural phenomenon.    A lot of readers enjoyed the book and found it \\"empowering\\" because they fundamentally misunderstood it. For them it meant that if they worked hard enough and had the proper skill-set they could sell their products and be successful. But \\"The Tipping Point\\" showed how important chance and randomness were in products and ideas becoming successful and mainstream -- different people working at different times re-working and re-marketing an idea or a product before the product obtains that magical combination of utility, relevance, and buzz. It's a very much organic, natural, and social process -- where no one or no group is completely in control.    In that way Malcolm Gladwell's contribution was not coming up with a new idea but in framing a well-known cultural phenomenon.    Likewise with Chris Anderson's \\"The Long Tail.\\" Instead of telling us anything new he's helping us frame our understanding of the Internet and digital age.    We know the Internet is a revolutionary tool that has empowered consumers with more choice and information than ever before, has made the production and distribution of products cheaper than before, and is radically challenging the dominance of traditional media and bricks-and-mortars retailers. We know that Internet retailers -- such as Amazon, Ebay, and Google -- have different revenue and business models than Walmart, Target, and Barnes & Noble. The Internet has also fundamentally changed consumer behavior: instead of waiting for prime time consumers now watch want they want to watch when they want to watch it. What Chris Anderson has done is frame all this in a concept called \\"The Long Tail.\\"    What \\"The Long Tail\\" means is that given the diversity of individual tastes the number of movies and books that consumers could potentially want to buy is almost infinite. Unfortunately the resources of traditional retailers like Walmart is very finite -- because of limited shelf space Walmart has to choose books and DVDs that have the most consumer appeal. But web-based retailers like Amazon have infinite shelf space so they can offer consumers more choice, and consumers embrace choice.    That in a nutshell is what the \\"The Long Tail\\" is about, and to justify turning his magazine article of the same name into a book Chris Anderson offers lots of examples and cases studies of \\"The Long Tail\\" in action but mainly just waxes eloquent on how the Internet has empowered people: Thanks to the miracle of cheap digital technology young kids who don't want to work but just want to be famous can make their own movies, and make their friends and parents buy it over the Internet.    Too much boasting and boosting and not enough analyzing and criticizing is yet another similarity between \\"The Long Tail\\" and \\"The Tipping Point.\\" Both are also magazine articles that have been for marketing purposes turned into books.    Ultimately, both books sell a gimmicky concept that doesn't really enhance our understanding of the world.
031606792X|3.0|Okay, I've just finished Breaking Dawn, and I'm very, very disappointed that the author has gone the route of MarySue-dom. Most of the reason I like the books was because the author does such a good job with her characterizations. I can overlook a LOT, if I feel like I know the characters. This was just terribly, terribly disappointing. PLUS, some of the plot developments I could see coming from a mile off. Geez, try to give us a LITTLE bit of a suprise. The only characters I really liked in this one was Alice and the Romanians.    I didn't hate the book, but I'm put off of continuing with this series.
B000PC8AFU|4.0|Oh My God! I just read the other reviews for this CD, and found out that the RECORDING COMPANIES ISSUED IT ONLY TO MAKE MONEY!!! Not the recording companies! I guess I better go buy a different CD. Wait...what if the recording companies are just making money off of that too??!! NOOOOO!    By the way, this CD kicks butt, if that actually counts for anything.
B000002UB6|4.0|Having been informed that they still owed United Artists a third motion picture (the cartoon \\"Yellow Submarine\\" didn't count), the Beatles assembled on a cold Twickenham Studios soundstage on the day after New Years', 1969, to begin work on \\"Get Back\\", a documentary of recording sessions, to be directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg.  Paul McCartney had wanted the band to perform live again, something it hadn't done in two-and-a-half years, and these sessions were to be rehearsals.  Magic was expected to be summoned up on cue; it didn't happen.  The Fab Four had grown far apart, both personally and professionally.  The film well illustrates this: George Harrison bristles at Paul McCartney's lectures on how to perform; Yoko Ono sits in on the sessions, her presence unwanted; and the list goes on.  Musically, John and Paul  reach deep into their songbag for sparks of inspiration; they perform \\"One After 909\\", one of the earliest songs they wrote together, and the old Liverpool singalong \\"Maggie Mae\\".   Paul gets poignant on \\"The Long And Winding Road\\" (an interestingly different version is available on \\"Let It Be...Naked\\") and the hymnlike \\"Let It Be\\", which eventually became the title for the project. John and Paul team up for \\"Two Of Us\\", and trade leads on \\"I've Got A Feeling\\".    But all the forced camaraderie ultimately proved less than successful.  To jump-start its creative engine, the group went up onto the roof of their Apple headquarters building in Savile Row, where they had moved the sessions, and started jamming in an  impromptu lunchtime concert featuring \\"Get Back\\", which was promptly ended by the police.    Thoroughly disappointed with the results of \\"Let It Be\\", and having moved on to other things, the group, for the first time, deemed an entire project unworthy of release; the tapes were given to legendary producer Phil Spector to see if he could improve them.  Spector, if his overdubbing is compared to the original material available on \\"Let It Be...Naked\\", actually did not alter the sessions radically, though Paul McCartney in particular expressed much dissatisfaction with what he had done (e.g., the female chorus on \\"The Long And Winding Road\\").  (Later in 1969 the Fab Four got back together to make a final proper album without the intrusion of motion-picture cameras--\\"Abbey Road\\").  \\"Let It Be\\" was finally released in the spring of 1970 in a lavish box set, heavily edited down from hours upon hours of studio time.  (It was padded out, as well: a studio-altered version of John Lennon's previously-released \\"Across The Universe\\" was included, reflecting a lower level of concern with offering the public new material with every release.)  By this time, the fatal litigation had begun; the Fab Four were no more.
0802136834|4.0|This is a great book and very interesting. After seeing The Other Boleyn Sister I was anxious to read what really happened. A little drawn out between his marrage to Katherine and Anne but considering it took almost 7 years I can see why. He was a tyrant!
0441009425|4.0|I like science fiction, but that isn't to say I like all subgenres of science fiction equally.  I'm lukewarm about cyberpunk and generally averse to alternate history stories.  On the other hand, I have a general fondness for hard science fiction (especially in the classic vein of Asimov and Clarke), but my favorite subgenre of science fiction must be space opera (of course, there are overlaps between these categories).    What is space opera?  Generally, a science fiction story that deals with conflict beyond the Earth (on far-off planets or in deep space), with an emphasis on action and adventure over ideas (which is where it tends to differ from hard science fiction).  The actual science of space opera may be quite speculative.  2001 may be hard sci-fi, but Star Wars is space opera.  According to the back-of-the-book description, so is Alastair Reynold's first novel, Revelation Space.    Revelation Space takes place around 550 years from the present day, in a time when humanity has spread far beyond Earth, and in the process has expanded far beyond what would be considered human.  Light speed remains an absolute speed limit, but it can be approached very closely; it takes relativistic effects and suspended animation to allow people to travel between the stars in a somewhat timely (to the traveler) manner.  For this reason, the three separate plot lines in the novel begin at times separated by years or decades, but they will eventually converge to a single timeframe.    In the central plot, Dan Sylveste is on the backwater planet Resurgam, doing archaeological work to unearth truths about an extinct alien culture called the Amarantin.  What killed them off is unclear, but Sylveste is determined to get answers; even a coup that throws him into prison will not deter him.  Meanwhile, the crew of the huge spaceship Nostalgia for Infinity needs Dan (as well as the stored memories of Dan's father Calvin) to restore their captain, who is dying of an exotic cybernetic virus.  And elsewhere (and elsewhen), assassin Ana Khouri is recruited by a mysterious woman to kill Sylveste.  To do this, she will eventually join the Nostalgia for Infinity on a trip to Resurgam.      On a technical level, Revelation Space is fine, but it also has something of a cool feeling to it that keeps the reader at a bit of a distance.  I found it to be an interesting and generally entertaining book, but it wasn't a real page turner.  Others, however, may find this a more involving book; if you're up for a mini-science fiction epic, it may be worth a shot.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This show is great!  It's addictive.  The acting is superb, with mostly little known or unknown actors you'll want to see more.  The writing is first rate.  You may also enjoy the \\"trip\\" back to the 60's where many things were very different than they are today.
031606792X|1.0|I loved the first three Twilight books. However \\"Mary Sue\\"-esque and poorly written they were, they were my guilty pleasures, and Stephenie Meyer knows how to tell a good story. However, I can't say the same for Breaking Dawn. I sincerely wonder what she was thinking when she wrote this. Did she just throw random stuff together because she knew people would buy it no matter what? The redeeming factors are far and few between unfortunately (Jacob's point of view, Bella isn't as whiny as a vampire, Garrett, Zafrina). There were too many inconsistencies that contradicted the first three books, Renesmee's birth actually made me sick to my stomach (there are young girls reading these!), and the ending was a total cop out. I wasn't expecting a bloodbath, a la Deathly Hallows, but seriously? A nice battle with the Volturi would have been really cool.     Also, there is no point to Eclipse anymore. The ending of the book presented Bella with a choice between being with Edward (unconditional love) or Jacob (security). I liked the fact that Bella was shown that she had to choose between two things and possibly end up losing one forever; it added to her character. This, however, was thrown out the window in Breaking Dawn, and Bella ended up getting everything she wanted-immortality, both Edward and Jacob, contact with her human family, endless money, and a pretty little daughter to go with it. I understand that it's fiction but really? Life does not work that way Ms. Meyer, and you are putting into young, impressionable girls' heads that they can do the same.     I was truly disappointed in this book. I went to the midnight release party (and was one of the oldest people there) and couldn't wait to devour it as I did with the first three books and came out with nothing but disappointment. If I could rewrite it for her, I would.     Also, wtf at \\"Renesmee\\"? Harry Potter and Bella Swan share the same baby-naming book, apparently.
B000XCZGV8|5.0|\\"Zodiac\\" is fascinating. It pulls you into a labyrinth of detail and doesn't let you go for two and a half hours, as a host of interesting characters try to unravel a mystery that remains officially raveled to this day. A great cast (including Phillip Baker Hall, who was also in the not quite as good version of the story \\"The Zodiac\\"), tight scenes, an effective sense of time and place, and an excellent script all combine in a story that will almost certainly give you the creeps, but in a way that engages your mind and not just your fear factor. It's almost as if \\"All the President's Men\\" were about a serial killer; it has that kind of feel. Definitely worth renting, and you'll probably wanna buy it, because it has more detail than can be absorbed in one sitting. Deserved to do better at the American box office.
031606792X|5.0|I very much have enjoyed the Twilight series, including this book.  I in no way felt let down by how things resolved and how the story ended.  After reading other reviews I see that people have problems with it.  However, in my opinion, if you read the book as just that - a book, not something meant to work in our world, or influence people in the real world to feel certain ways - it's very good.  Read the book as though you are in their world and enjoy it! I recommend it.
B000FGGERM|5.0|Grunt vocals are a very divisive issue now with death metal outfits - many fans of the thundering riffs are sick of the cookie-monster-with-gas shtick, while others are huge fans.  Opeth has taken this genre and welded it together with classic rock, jazz, acoustic segments and alternating soft and harmonizing vocals to offset the grunting.<br />  Granted, Mikael Akerfeldt does his share of grunting, but he also supplies plenty of real singing, making the growling more of an atmospheric touch than a cornerstone.  Which is essential, because Akerfeldt is an incredible songwriter and musician, who seemlessly delivers heavy riffs and ultra cool jazz soloing, swooping guitar tonalities that recall some of Jimmy Page's string bending wizardry from \\"Dazed and Confused\\" without being derivative or a blatant ripoff.<br />  Some reviewers view Opeth as a highly experimental band, but actually, \\"Blackwater Park\\" is a wonderful voyage of many musical realms, and the fact that it retains its cohesiveness is indicative of the genius Akerfeldt possesses.<br />  Never boring, even though the cuts are pretty lengthy, \\"Blackwater Park\\" and Opeth are truly a heavy band that loves many kinds of music, and it's exciting and refreshing to know they're out there.  This band, in a perfect world, would be bigger than Metallica used to be, but alas, the world has to make room for Amy Winehouse and any number of horrible pop acts that clutter up the music scene and relegate heavy music to cult status, where it's ignored by all the big trade mags except those that specifically cover metal and guitar oriented music.  It's sad, but ditzy fans of the crap on Top 40 radio wouldn't get Opeth, anyway.
B000V6BE6M|5.0|Some absolutely [i]amazing[/i] music.  Wish Amazon would get the other complete recordings available on the MP3 Downloads...    Some of my favorite pieces are The Lighting of the Beacons, Osgiliath Invaded, The Siege of Gondor, The Battle of Pellenor Fields, For Frodo, Mount Doom, and The Days of the Ring.
B000LPS4BG|5.0|The Blu-ray really enhances the picture quality of the movie.  I bought it primarily to see if the blu-ray was worth it on older movies, and I believe it is.
031606792X|5.0|I closed this book with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. It was perfect. I don't read for reality. I don't want half the characters killed off because that is realistic; I don't want everybody unhappy because that is realistic. I want a story that captures my imagination and makes me cry and laugh and, in the end, close the book with a happy sigh.  That's what this series made me do. There are plenty of tear jerkers and newspapers out there for those who want to be unhappy after the experience. Why read fiction if you are going to question every facet of the story? Why read about vampires and werewolves? That definitely isn't reality.<br /><br />I don't think it comes as a surprise to anybody who has read the series to know Bella becomes a vampire in this book. I loved going through the experience with her. So many of the reviews give away spoilers as to what happens that I don't know whether to comment on them or not. I will say that Bella's change creates a lot of problems that have to be addressed and a lot of surprises that caught me off guard. I worried about the secondary characters after I read the last book and they aren't ignored in this book. I loved Jacob and wanted things to turn out well for him. I worried about Charlie being alone after Bella's change. These characters aren't shoved to the back burner without regard for their happiness and well being.<br /><br />Everything isn't one big happy picnic. There are major problems and confrontations that threaten Bella and Edward's future.  The Volturi once again have the Cullens in their sights and when Alice sees into the future, it scares her into doing something unexpected and heartbreaking for her family.<br /><br />Stephanie Meyer, you couldn't have ended this series any better to suit me.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I watched this movie for the first time today.  I have never been a Michael Moore fan and never have been really interested in his work, until this movie.  Basically this is the first movie I have ever seen of his.  But one thing I am interested in is health care coverage etc.  After watching this movie, I couldn't help but feel ashamed that we, as a people, couldn't care for others like other Nations/Countries have done.  The first thing I told my husband is, \\"We're moving to France!\\"  LOL  Seriously though, it really made us look selfish as a Nation and I only hope that in the future, thanks in part to this movie, we can over come our fears and try what other Countries have done successfully.
0786860707|5.0|Excellent book    This excellent book is a manual of animation.   Everything about animation you can find on it.
B0012QE4Q2|2.0|I am a fan of Phillipa Gregory's \\"The Other Boleyn Girl\\" novel, therefore I was really excited when I heard they were making a movie.  My friends who saw the movie in the theatre warned me that it was disappointing if you were a fan of the book (or if you had even read the book!) and they were not wrong.<br /><br />This is a horrible adaptation.  \\"Loosely based\\" is a generous description of what this movie did to Gregory's work.  None of the characters are well developed, so you end up asking yourself \\"why did she/he do that\\" at critical points of the movie because you don't have the background provided by the book to understand the character's motivation.  Also, the movie is primarily about Anne Boleyn (Natalie Portman) whereas the book is about the other Boleyn sister (duh) Mary (Scarlett Johansen).  The book's focus on Mary was what made it an interesting take on the whole Anne Boleyn/Henry VIII saga--if you want to see something purely about Anne Boleyn watch \\"Anne of a Thousand Days\\" or even the recent Showtime \\"Tudors\\"--both are better.<br /><br />I will say that this movie is beautiful to watch.  They obviously spent lots of money on costumes and sets, so it is a visually pleasing film.  This doesn't make up for the problems I've outlined above.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone who has read Phillipa Gregory's book.  Maybe I would recommend it to a casual viewer who has no other exposure to Henry VIII based works, but to anyone else, go find one of the better interpretations out there!
031606792X|1.0|I am a 28yr old mother who was waiting for this book to come out with high hopes. I was so upset by the middle of it that I had to put it aside. I actually just finished it today.     My expectations were high but after being proven that series can have great endings ( Thanks Harry Potter!) I was completely blown away about how bad this book was. To wrap it up in one word..weird. It was like a completely different author wrote the first three books. I agree with most other people that the baby was a bit much but I was more upset by the Jacob story. That was the best we could do? Imprint with the baby? Poor Jacob. I always wanted Bella to be with Edward but I wanted better for Jacob. My other big problem with this book was Edward. He just didn't seem to get to me as he did in the other books.    It was just a big let down and that should never be your last thought when you finish a book.
0805079831|4.0|As I developed my political and economic ideology several years ago, I decided to be proactive and read people like Smith, Friedman, Hayek, and Rand rather than be spoon fed propaganda by government schools.  The ideology espoused by those writers appealed to me very much.  Their basic beliefs, as I understood them, held that in order for humanity to be free the state exists only to ensure that the life, liberty and property of its citizens are free of force, fraud and coercion.<br /><br />Although I found that I agreed in principle with that ideology, as I got older I frequently discovered that when our government says \\"free market\\" they usually mean a market where business interests are protected by the state through force, fraud and coercion.  In other words, I discovered that in spite of its rhetoric American politicians, especially conservative Republicans, are no advocate of free markets.<br /><br />Since the beginning of 2008, I've been in the business of questioning previously held beliefs.  Experience has shown that there is a large gulf between the rhetoric advanced by government and the reality of their policies.  In keeping with that theme, I decided to read The Shock Doctrine to see exactly how these so-called \\"free market\\" policies were performing around the world.<br /><br />The level of detail and amount of research that Naomi Klein has committed to this book is amazing.  It is a complete catalog of \\"Chicago School\\" abuses throughout the 20th century and into the 21st.  Although at times her personal sympathies are evidenced in the tone of her writing, she does not carry out a hit job designed to redefine Friedman based on fabrication.  I wouldn't define The Shock Doctrine as a hit job or smear piece, but if that is how her work comes off it is simply because the facts are themselves and indictment of the Friedman and his followers in the \\"Chicago School.\\"<br /><br />A lot of criticism is leveled at this book by Friedman fan boys who are familiar with his published work, but not with the policies he advocated around the world.  I was one of those people when I started reading The Shock Doctrine, but I am now ashamed of the fact that I once admired Friedman.  Despite the fact that I still find myself in agreement with him on the basic principles of economic freedom, it is shocking to learn that he apologized for and advocated policies that are the antitheses of those he advocates in his published work.  One need not be a savant to realize that absolute free markets completely free of government interference are a pipe dream and that they will inevitably lead to businesses using monopoly power and wealth to \\"un-free\\" the markets and insert fraud and coercion into the equation, but the fact that Friedman thought markets should be freed by force is a direct affront to his stated ideology.<br /><br />Much of that criticism is also clearly leveled by people who have not read The Shock Doctrine.  It appears to come from a group of Friedman fan boys who watched a few book club speeches by Klein and decided that represented the breadth of her case.  I would suggest that those people go to the library and pick up this book to read her entire argument.with the policies he advocated around the world.  I was one of those people when I started reading The Shock Doctrine, but I am now ashamed of the fact that I once admired Friedman.  Despite the fact that I still find myself in agreement with him on the basic principles of economic freedom, it is shocking to learn that he apologized for and advocated policies that are the antitheses of those he advocates in his published work.  One need not be a savant to realize that absolute free markets completely free of government interference are a pipe dream and that they will inevitably lead to businesses using monopoly power and wealth to \\"un-free\\" the markets and insert fraud and coercion into the equation, but the fact that Friedman thought markets should be freed by force is a direct affront to his stated ideology.    Much of that criticism is also clearly leveled by people who have not read The Shock Doctrine.  It appears to come from a group of Friedman fan boys who watched a few book club speeches by Klein and decided that represented the breadth of her case.  I would suggest that those people go to the library and pick up this book to read her entire argument.
B0017MO10U|5.0|This is my favorite sci-fi adventure of all time.SG-1 took no prisoners.Although I enjoyed the first movie I liked the second so much that I watched the special features and entire movie again right afterwords.That has never happened to me before.As much as I like Ben,bringing Jack and Don back to complete the whole team made the movie.Time travel always great to stimulate the mind.It was over to soon.The next movie should include deleted scenes and bloopers in the special features?And since the movie is only available on dvd why not make it longer giving each character more play?I have seen most of the original series but plan on buying the box set next so I can see them all again.I'd like to see a two part crossover movie between SG-1 and Atlantis at some point.Being former military and a closet geek Stargate helps fill a much needed adventure fix.I can't wait for the next movie.You really need to bring the show back.There is only one space sci-fi action adventure on tv right now (Atlantis)and thats not anough.
031606792X|1.0|Seriously.  Craptastic in a way that only cracked out fanfiction posing as a real novel can be.  Unless it was supposed to make me crackle and spit out my drink in parts then I guess I'd give it 5 stars.
B0006L16N8|4.0|My favorite Coldplay album yet, with lots to love:  Talk (great), Fix You (excellent), Speed of Sound (super!), Square One, Low, and Swallowed in the Sea!  Great stuff, no klunkers; we listen to this one a lot.
B0013LPS7U|5.0|The packaging on the Deluxe 2 CD set is absolutely stunning; I especially love the little essay and notes written by The Edge.  Re-mastered by Cheryl Engels and Arnie Acosta at Bernie Grundman Mastering, with direction by The Edge, the original album sounds fantastic.  A tremendous improvement over the original CD release back in the day.  I'm enjoying this album like I'm hearing it for the first time!  I agree with everyone else's comments.  The bonus tracks are fun and interesting to me.
0061122416|2.0|If you want to read about a search for the self in easy to read short stories, Hesse's \\"Siddharta\\" or [[ASIN:0142000698 The Pearl: (Centennial Edition)]] are far better and deeper (both authors are Nobel Prize winners and as such, they show a profound understanding of human nature). If you want something even better, just a bit longer, I recommend [[ASIN:0312421672 Narcissus and Goldmund: A Novel]]. If you like the story presented in a fairy tale format [[ASIN:0525457585 The Neverending Story]] is a great reading. (This book is a true gem, it is not a children's book, although the movie makes it appear as such. It is Atreju's search for his self while he almost lost his identity in the journey. This book is quite deep and full of fantastic adventures, but very long and sometimes difficult to read). [[ASIN:B000LJE8UI Momo]] is a lot easier and truly beautiful, both are far more entertaining than \\"The Alchemist\\".     It is obvious I did not particularly like this book, despite all the high recommendations I got from it. The characters lack strength, the writing is light and easy but without depth, the story is not exciting and somehow predictable. The good thing is you read it on a weekend.
0743496736|5.0|I have been an avid reader nearly all of my 76 years and this book rates at the top of all the books I have read.  In fact, when I got close to the end, I didn't want it to end.    I believe it should be a must read for junion high and high school children to read and it would put a stop to all the violence we have in our schools now.     A MUST READ  Lynda
B0000VCZKM|1.0|This DVD of \\"Annie\\" is the full-screen version, wherein 40% of the picture has been chopped off the sides.  It is virtually unwatchable, and Sony should be ashamed for releasing a widescreen/scope film in this way.      Sony has previously released the widescreen version of the film on DVD, but without the special features or DTS sound, so it might be best to wait for a future release that presents the film properly and has the bonus features.  Or wait for the inevitable Blu-ray release which should be really nice.
031606792X|5.0|After reading several reviews of this book, including the recent poor review in \\"Entertainment Weekly\\", I decided to write my thoughts down.    * * * Spoiler Warning * * *  I think several things make people give a snap judgement about this book, the first being the fact that they read it too fast. I read this book in five days and I know that I skimmed over key details because I just wanted to keep getting more information. That's the thing about a series like this - there's so much anticipation and eagerness to read the material that readers forget to pause and absorb what they read. Key details into Bella's psyche and her desperation for this child are easily overlooked when the reader is eager to find out what the baby she's carrying is going to do to her; why Rosalie hovers all the time and what her true goal is; how Edward and Jacob are going to react to this phenomenal baby. It's always the eagerness to get to the \\"next part\\" that makes people overlook the details.  The next thing is that they forget to go back to the root of the story. Before Bella even had contact with Jacob in \\"Twilight\\" she was drawn to Edward and falling in love with him. The core of this series is the intense and passionate connection between Edward and Bella. I know that there are Team Jacob members out there looking at this and getting ready to pan this review, but in all honesty - I don't think there was ever a chance with Jacob and Bella. Edward is Bella's soulmate in every way, even though Edward believed he had no soul. How do I feel about the idea of Jacob imprinting on Renesmee? Well, while it might have seemed predictable to some, and downright vulgar and borderline inappropriate to some, to me it felt like Bella's relationship with Jacob was finally complete - she was able to have and love Edward and still see her best friend happy and at peace with his life. Nessie (by the way, hate that) is a piece of Bella, and thus she could complete Jacob, possibly in ways that Bella could not. Someone made mention on another site or review that it would be interesting to see things from Renesmee's point of view at some point - Stephanie if you're reading this, it's a definite must-read!!  My next point that I feel some people are forgetting when they pan where this story went is that this is a fairy tale, science-fiction, fantasy, romantic tale about vampires, werewolves and humans - in what world could that ever possibly happen? Stephanie Meyer created a cast of characters that cannot exist in the real world, and she told the story through the eyes of Bella Swan, a young woman who people could relate to and yet still was not part of the world around us. She was drawn into a supernatural existance and for people who believed that Meyer went too far by allowing Bella to marry Edward, become a vampire, have his baby and thus break every rule in the Vampire Code - then turn around and still have her happy ending - well, they must have forgotten to read Sleeping Beauty, Snow White and Cinderella because every one of those girls got their Prince even after sleeping for a hundred years, being poisoned and losing their glass slipper, respectively. It's a fairy tale and fairy tales are meant to have happy endings. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" might have taken the long road to get to the happy ending, but I think that just made Bella and Edward's ending all the happier.  My final point - and I swear it is the last - is the idea that this book might have been too old for young readers. One of the things that JK Rowling pointed out as she was writing the \\"Harry Potter\\" series was that she had always intended for Harry to grow up with her readers. Book 1 takes place when Harry is eleven years old and thus her target audience was eleven-year-olds. By the time she got to Book 7 (a few years too late) her target audience from ten years prior was in their late teens and early twenties - a completely different group of readers. This situation holds true to readers of the Twilight Series. While Bella only aged about a year and a half throughout the series, her original target audience has grown up several years and thus are, once again, in a different reading group. While the scenes of Bella giving birth to her baby were graphic - birth is graphic! Even teenagers know that because they were made to watch it in health class when they were fifteen or sixteen! The sex scenes were not graphic or inappropriate and personally, I have to give Meyer props for having Bella wait till she was married till she had sex and had a baby (demon baby or not - fantasy, people!)  In the end, Meyer's conclusion to the \\"Twilight\\" series was more then satisfying, tied up loose ends, and opened the doors to (hopefully) more stories in the future. Meyer said it herself - she knew she couldn't please everyone, and that's very true. But, this adult enjoyed this book very much and would recommend the entire series to anyone looking to escape from the real world for a little while - or if they're like me, five days average for each book!
B000KGGIZU|5.0|If you like desaster films this double header is a block buster.  Both films are A1.
B0013FXWU6|4.0|This is an intense study of a single minded oil man and his struggles and tests in reaching the top. It also shows the various delusions, brutalities and neglects he is a party to in his rise in his field.<br /><br />Without some first rate acting, this film would not hold together. It has too many uneven elements and parts of the story do not fit as naturally as might be liked. That it remains a stunning piece of cinema is a tribute to everyone involved, but I strongly recommend people to watch and decide for themselves. At the very least, you will see some stunning acting and fine, affecting drama.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B0018AK9RA|5.0|This 2 cd set is excellent!  There are more songs that are melodic and overall for a heavy metal band like Judas Priest are really great. This shows that they have learned through the years and by doing something new aren't afraid of experimenting with new material and music!  My hat is off to them!  A great job and well done! I saw them in 1979 in London and have loved them since 1976! Just great to see the original lineup and new material! Give this 2 cd set alisten or 2 and you'll love it! Halford still has great vocals! The guitarists are excellent! I give this project a 4.9 on a scale of 5!     Cheers  Crazychefjoe
B000W1V5VU|4.0|Everything here works well, if you don't think about it too much (or at all, really). Just sit back and enjoy the silliness. This is great fun, plus it has Al Pacino and Eddie Izzard. Cool.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
031606792X|1.0|I've never felt the need to leave a negative review for a book before. That may be because I've never been so upset by a book before.     I've been a fan of the Twilight series for a long time and I was quite anxious for this book to come out. Sadly, Breaking Dawn doesn't have the same \\"feel\\" to it as the others. Some chapters felt rushed while others seemed to drag on. The book finally found a rhythm building up to a climax that never came. Several new characters were added, only to be ignored. The main focus of the previous books was Bella and Edward's relationship. In Breaking Dawn, Edward becomes a background character whose sole purpose seemed to be for sex and angst. The intimacy between Bella and Edward was noticably lacking, despite all of the \\"sex\\" scenes. This book reads more like wish fulfillment for Stephenie Meyer than an ending to a series.    As a stand alone book, I'm sure Breaking Dawn wouldn't be such a terrible read. As the finale to an otherwise great series, it's just disappointing.
031606792X|5.0|I was very pleased with the conclusion of the Edward/Bella love story!  I can't WAIT until she starts the newest series (fingers crossed, hint hint) of Jacob and Renesmee, keeping us in touch with our Edward and Bella.  My only negative was that I didn't want it to be over.  I\\"m not sure what everone that gave this book bad reviews wanted--yes, the first 3 were exciting and drew us in with the whole love story between Edward and Bella, but I thought this was a great way to let us know they were going to be ok, at least for now.  I hope that Stephanie Meyers keeps writing about the Cullens because they have become 'our' family now ,too!  :P
031606792X|2.0|The joy in reading a book like Breaking Dawn, is not knowing what will happen. I was excited for that surprise and unaware what would be in store for Bella, the human girl, and Edward, the beautiful vampire who loves her. Unfortunately that was not the case. I made the mistake of of finding out some key plot points to this book. My surprise was ruined, the gift I had promised myself was no more. And what I found out was a bit shocking and appalling.<br /><br />For those who have not had the chance to read Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series, it is basically the story about a human girl and the love she has for her vampire boyfriend. The three books (Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse) before Breaking Dawn are about their bumpy road to love. These are two star crossed lovers who need each other desperately, but because of what they both are, that is virtually impossible. Edward longs to drain Bella dry because her blood is his food, the highest aphrodisiac he craves. The moral implications in their relationship is always utmost on their minds. When they are not busy trying to deny their own baser urges, Bella for sex and Edward for her blood, there are those who are trying to separate them either through death or that of another suitor trying to steal Bella away from Edward. Breaking Dawn is supposed to be their happily ever after. The road to their HEA is still very rough and not all that certain, but Meyer makes sure to give her readers a story they will never forget, no matter how strange it may seem.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn is broken down into three parts. Part one begins where Bella and Edward are now engaged. This is told from Bella's point of view. She may only be eighteen, but she knows what she wants, and that is to become Mrs. Cullen. Bella Swan has been waiting for years for Edward to make her his own, meaning sexual intercourse. The only way Edward will give in, is if they are married and soon after she will be turned into a vampire. If she is undead like Edward, she will no longer be in danger and they will be together for all eternity. And quite honestly, what young teenage girl wouldn't want to be eighteen forever with the man she loves, always by her side? We see her planning the wedding, her marriage and finally her honeymoon with her new husband. The first one-hundred pages or so really shine here. This is what I have been waiting for. This is Stephenie Meyer at her best. But then something happens to Bella on her honeymoon because of the intimacies she and Edward share. What happens to Bella is not planned and throws both of them for a loop. Because of this, the whole tone of the book changes and enters in the Twilight Zone territory. *cue spooky theme music*<br /><br />Part two is from Jacob Black, the werewolf's view. Jacob was the other suitor vying for Bella's affections. Bella and Jacob are not meant to be because werewolves have an imprinted mate, and Bella is not this mate. Jacob still cares deeply for Bella and when he finds out she is home and in danger, he rushes to her side. This is where he will come in contact with his own imprinted mate and that in itself stunned me speechless and made me more than a bit uncomfortable. Whereas in the past, Jacob was the enemy of Edward because he wanted Bella's love and because werewolves and vampires are sworn enemies anyway, Jacob is now part of the family that is Bella and Edward because of this new character. This new character gives all three of them an unbreakable bond. (This new face is such a big spoiler)<br /><br />Part three is back to Bella's view where the action seems intense while Meyer begins to close things up into a happy little proverbial bow. The enemies we have read about in the past books come to reak havoc, but because understanding, acceptance and good prevails, all is right in this supernatural world that Meyer has created. Bella and Edward's happily ever after is now set in stone. The fairy tale has come to an end.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn isa fairy tale, much like a Grimm Brothers' story. There is a character who is given a choice, a path they must take. This path will be dangerous and decisions must be along with sacrifices that they won't see coming. Bella is this fairy tale character, who, because of her actions, decides on the outcome and the finality of the Twilight series. Everything she has done from her marriage, to the intimacy she shares with Edward to the cause and effect of that intimacy is what Breaking Dawn is about.<br /><br />I really wish I could say this is a 5 star, A+ book that you all must run out and get as soon as possible. Unfortunately, I can't give that recommendation. Why? Well, the tone of this book is so very different from the last three books and a bit disappointing. I found the story to be too convoluted, the chemistry that I have grown to love between Bella and Edward is lacking. There are too many shocking twists that simply don't make any sense to me. Everything is coming from all different directions and I honestly can't say what Meyer's ultimate plan was. Even though the tension and drama seem intense on the surface, it feels very stilted and a bit dull. Some things that that characters do seem so out of place, especially Charlie's reaction to Bella's new married life. And I can't find myself to agree with the mate Jacob has been given. That is bound to upset some readers and for a better lack of a phrase, a major WTF moment. I almost stopped reading and would have given Breaking Dawn a DNF (do not finish), but I waited way too long for this book and I was going to finish it!<br /><br />As a thirty something reading a young adult novel meant for teenage girls, I must say Meyer handled the sexual intimacies between Edward and Bella very well. I remember what I used to read at thirteen and when these two engage in their lovemaking, it is well written. The fade to dark lovemaking is what I have been expecting. As for the violence, there is a bit too much for my tastes where I would be wary for a young girl to read. There is a lot of blood spilled within these pages.<br /><br />The Twilight series is truly the end of a fairy tale, the likes I have never seen. It was a wonderful journey of love and devotion between two people I wanted to be together forever in my memories. I can't help but compare Bella and Edward to Catherine and Heathcliff from Wuthering Heights. Wuthering Heights is a heartbreaking romance where two lovers are separated because of their own greed and obsession for one another, which ends in one of their deaths. The ending always gets to me where we see Heathcliff walking through the Moors looking for his beloved Catherine. When he does find her, they are reunited in death, to walk the Moors forever and at peace. Stephenie Meyer has done the same thing here with Bella and Edward. Both are together, and from all intensive purposes, now at peace. Breaking Dawn is certainly not the masterpiece I was looking forward to and I could say I wished Meyer would have taken her story in another direction, but at least she gave Bella and Edward their small, but perfect piece of forever.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn may be a disappointment to some and not the best in the series, but Meyer finally ended the story of two lovers as it should be, with their arms around each other, staring into each other's eyes, knowing they will never be separated.<br /><br />Katiebabs<br /><br />[[ASIN:0316160172 Twilight (Twilight, Book 1)]]<br />[[ASIN:0316024961 New Moon (The Twilight Saga, Book 2)]]<br />[[ASIN:0316160202 Eclipse (The Twilight Saga, Book 3)]]s' story. There is a character who is given a choice, a path they must take. This path will be dangerous and decisions must be along with sacrifices that they won't see coming. Bella is this fairy tale character, who, because of her actions, decides on the outcome and the finality of the Twilight series. Everything she has done from her marriage, to the intimacy she shares with Edward to the cause and effect of that intimacy is what Breaking Dawn is about.    I really wish I could say this is a 5 star, A+ book that you all must run out and get as soon as possible. Unfortunately, I can't give that recommendation. Why? Well, the tone of this book is so very different from the last three books and a bit disappointing. I found the story to be too convoluted, the chemistry that I have grown to love between Bella and Edward is lacking. There are too many shocking twists that simply don't make any sense to me. Everything is coming from all different directions and I honestly can't say what Meyer's ultimate plan was. Even though the tension and drama seem intense on the surface, it feels very stilted and a bit dull. Some things that that characters do seem so out of place, especially Charlie's reaction to Bella's new married life. And I can't find myself to agree with the mate Jacob has been given. That is bound to upset some readers and for a better lack of a phrase, a major WTF moment. I almost stopped reading and would have given Breaking Dawn a DNF (do not finish), but I waited way too long for this book and I was going to finish it!    As a thirty something reading a young adult novel meant for teenage girls, I must say Meyer handled the sexual intimacies between Edward and Bella very well. I remember what I used to read at thirteen and when these two engage in their lovemaking, it is well written. The fade to dark lovemaking is what I have been expecting. As for the violence, there is a bit too much for my tastes where I would be wary for a young girl to read. There is a lot of blood spilled within these pages.    The Twilight series is truly the end of a fairy tale, the likes I have never seen. It was a wonderful journey of love and devotion between two people I wanted to be together forever in my memories. I can't help but compare Bella and Edward to Catherine and Heathcliff from Wuthering Heights. Wuthering Heights is a heartbreaking romance where two lovers are separated because of their own greed and obsession for one another, which ends in one of their deaths. The ending always gets to me where we see Heathcliff walking through the Moors looking for his beloved Catherine. When he does find her, they are reunited in death, to walk the Moors forever and at peace. Stephenie Meyer has done the same thing here with Bella and Edward. Both are together, and from all intensive purposes, now at peace. Breaking Dawn is certainly not the masterpiece I was looking forward to and I could say I wished Meyer would have taken her story in another direction, but at least she gave Bella and Edward their small, but perfect piece of forever.    Breaking Dawn may be a disappointment to some and not the best in the series, but Meyer finally ended the story of two lovers as it should be, with their arms around each other, staring into each other's eyes, knowing they will never be separated.     Katiebabs    [[ASIN:0316160172 Twilight (Twilight, Book 1)]]  [[ASIN:0316024961 New Moon (The Twilight Saga, Book 2)]]  [[ASIN:0316160202 Eclipse (The Twilight Saga, Book 3)]]
031606792X|5.0|This is a amazing book the best of the three don't listen to what some people who didn't enjoy the book or understand it are saying! Incredible turnout unpredictible will keep at the edge of your seat the whole book!  You won't be able to turn it down!
031606792X|5.0|This was one surprise after another for me, but I loved this book.  I don't understand why some people didn't like it, but \\"c'est la vie.\\"  It was everything I had wanted and so much more.  I think Bella has not changed but rather matured over the course of the four books.  People wanted Bella to become a vampire, and then when she does, people think she is too different.  Well..Yah..She is a vampire now!!  I hate sad awful endings and I am glad there was none of that here.  I look forward to Ms. Meyer writing more books based on any of these characters in the future.    After I was done reading, I read some reviews and wanted to know more about why Ms. Meyer made some of the decisions that she did in her writing.  There is a terrific and detailed 10 part interview on Entertainment Weekly's website.  For those of you confused or frustrated, it was very enlightening.
0143038419|5.0|I stole this book from my mom.  And I'm so glad I did.  I want to take the same trip that she did really really really bad
B0010YSD7M|5.0|Excellent show!!! Can't wait for next!  :)  Item as described, new.  FAST shipping!  Thanks!
0789318121|5.0|The script is a fun and great read. I don't understand some of the criticism, we all knew that the script would take up most of the book, 180 pages of the 242-or so pages.     I bought this book simply for the script and I couldn't be happier, the art and behind the scene production designs just add to the high quality of this book.     I HIGHLY recommend.
031606792X|2.0|Spoiler Alert:  Granted I am not a major fan of these books but I was excited to read this one. Boy was I puzzled. Bella pregnant? Jacob imprinting on Bella's baby? No epic battle with the Volturi? What is going on? There was absolutely no excitement anywhere in this book. I kept waiting for it to get good but it never did. I also agree with another reviewer who mentioned the complete glossing over of any sex scenes. I kinda felt let down there...I mean I wasn't expecting anything graphic but to get nothing at all. Yet the author had no problems including gory and disturbing images in the storyline. Go figure. I also hate how Jacob conveniently does a 180 with his views and his relationship with the vampires...He was willing to do battle and did desert his clan for the vampires...talk about disloyalty. I rolled my eyes and got irritated several times while reading this book because I could not believe the decisions some of the characters were making. After reading this book I felt totally let down.
B000UJCALI|4.0|Ok, this is the real deal. I have never seen a better horror performance since this movie. Jack Nicholson creates a very spooky enviroment around the creepy hotel in the middle of nowhere. The extra content is pretty cool too. Two thumbs up! You cant get any better than this in the genre.
B000VLE3GA|5.0|So you are thinking to yourself:  I have everyone of these Led Zep songs.  Got the box sets, the \\"other\\" greatest hits cd.  Why should I plunk down $18 to buy the same old tunes in yet another repackaged cd?  Because it is worth it based on the total overall package.  The inner booklet is crammed with informative tidbits and pics plus a song by song description of when it was released, etc.  Sound and mix is so outstanding, its like hearing these songs for the \\"first\\" time.  They could have used Fool In The Rain and Dancing Days instead of Nobody's Fault But Mine and Achilles Last Stand, but that's my personal choice.  Highly recommended!!!!  Especially if you are one of the few Earthlings who has never heard of Led Zep, this would be a great intro into the mystical, magical and musical world of Plant, Page, Jones and Bonham.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|Well as we all know 'Penelope' is a fairy tale... so what usually happens in fairy tales?   prince's save the day, and they live happily ever after! right?  well this movie has a whole new twist on the concept of fairy tales... Of course their IS a prince, but does he really need to save poor penelope, who was cursed at birth to look more or less like a pig? well... maybe. or maybe all their is to it is loving yourself the way you are...     this movie shows that it dosent matter what u look like on the outside, but whats on the inside... penelope's parents have kept her secluded in their home for about 20 years... hiding her for her own protection.. but maybe all she needs is to get out of the house and meet new friends and people who see her the way she really is...     i loved this movie and i liked how it wasnt like snow white or cinderella. it was completely new! i reccomend this to anyone. Not to mention james mcavoy is sooo cute!
B001BWDG0W|5.0|First off, I am 16 years old and before seeing the movie Mamma Mia, was not familiar with any of ABBA's songs except for Mamma Mia and Dancing Queen.  I loved everything about the film from start to finish: the cast, setting, plot, and, of course, the catchy songs that can make 40 year old men want to sing along!  I immediately went home and bought the whole CD, listening to it repeatedly.  I adore each and every song, and the whole CD deserves to be purchased, not just certain songs. Amanda Seyfried, who is virtually unknown except for Mean Girls, has a simply beautiful voice.  Although in interviews she said that she does not plan on pursuing a career in singing, I believe that she would be very successful if she did.  I loved every single song she sang on the album, and am stunned that \\"The Name of the Game\\" was omitted from the movie.  Meryl Streep proved that she can really do anything.  Her voice is amazing.  Anyone who says otherwise is just wrong.  She brings so much emotion to the piece \\"The Winner Takes it All.\\"  It's simply breathtaking.  Contradicting many other reviews, I thought all three men (Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth, and Stellan Skarsgard) have wonderful voices.  People keep saying that Pierce sounds horrible, but I don't know how they are making that assertion.  He sings \\"SOS\\" and \\"When All is Said and Done\\" terrifically, in my opinion.  Finally, Christine Baranski and Julie Walters harmonized perfectly with Meryl Streep in songs like \\"Super Trouper\\" and \\"Dancing Queen.\\"  Christine Baranski nails \\"Does Your Mother Know\\" and Julie Walters hits home with \\"Take a Chance on Me.\\"<br />My Favorite songs from the album:<br />Honey, Honey<br />Mamma Mia<br />Dancing Queen<br />The Name of the Game<br />Slipping Through my Fingers (although not mentioned by many other reviewers, this has to be in my top 3 favorites.  The song is really sad and moving, especially in the film--and the segment where Meryl and Amanda harmonize is outstanding)<br />Does Your Mother Know<br />SOS (LOVE IT)<br />The Winner Takes it All<br />I Have a Dream<br />Thank You for the Music (perfect completion to the album)he Winner Takes it All  I Have a Dream  Thank You for the Music (perfect completion to the album)
031606792X|2.0|This book was such a disappointment. I always felt a little silly while reading the first three but they were so much fun. This one was just ridiculous. I felt like I was watching a WB show. It was so dramatic and cheesy. All the snarls and growls got so old. And the name Renesmee??? Practically every time I read that name I rolled my eyes. Nessie? Dear God. I think it was just one big cheesy race to tie everything up in a neat little bow. What a drag. But what a great message- go get married and pregnant at 18! Everything will be GREAT!!!
B000WBZ5M0|5.0|Excellent production.Well written.The Actors performances are five star.  Thanks Bernie Mac,you will be missed !!
0395951054|4.0|Mein Kampf from a history lovers point of view, is a great read.  However, if your not a fan of the history subject you may find this book to be increadibly boring, a continuous flow of long words and sentences before our time.  Understanding the complete facts about the second World War, is to understand both sides. If you only keep yourself to a one sided story, your no better than any of those critics or movie makers that produce films that slander our country.  Such as Ferinhight 9/11.  Excuse my spelling as I'm sure I mis-spelled quite a few words in this writing.  If you plan on reading this book, understand what your getting yourself into.  Yes, you may find some chapters to be increadibly obscene and stupid. Yes, I had to force myself through a couple of chapters.  But, I promiss if you read this book, it may very well bring you to a better understanding of what was happening politicly and personaly to the people of Germany the few years before the second World War.  All in All.  I felt it was a good read.  Do I believe everything and agree with him on everything he has to say???.......No.....
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|i've seen this movie over 10 times throughout my life (i am 60) and it always inspires me, like all the classic movies of the old days like it's a wonderful life, friendly persuasion,and audey murphy's to hell and back.
1577312082|5.0|\\"To be or not to be, that is the question\\".  Choosing to live in the moment is a process you have to work on, it doesn't come easy.  Awareness is the key, as you move on in your day.<br /><br />To remember that eternity is NOW and that there is no time just moments.<br /><br />The ego wants, wants, wants and once you detach yourself from yourself you can start living in the NOW.  \\"I AM that I AM\\".<br /><br />Root of the EGO:  \\"I think therefore I AM\\"  Descartes.  Becoming aware of your thinking, this is  \\"I AM\\".<br /><br />The collapsing of the EGO releases the spirit.  This is our true identity.<br /><br />Other books for your consideration:<br />[[ASIN:0452289963 A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose (Oprah's Book Club, Selection 61)]] by Eckhart Tolle.<br />[[ASIN:0679723951 Memories, Dreams, Reflections]]by C.G. Jung<br />[[ASIN:080701429X Man's Search for Meaning]]by Viktor E. Frankl<br />[[ASIN:0385249373 Awareness]]by Anthony DeMello<br />[[ASIN:1878424602 The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success: A Pocketbook Guide to Fulfilling Your Dreams (One Hour of Wisdom)]]by Deepak Chopra
031606792X|1.0|There are only two words to describe this montrosity that she likes to call a book.    Epic Fail.    She ripped off about three other books so this was pretty much just a collaboration of different books.  Thanks for ripping off JK rowling(love shield) I'm sure she appreciated that!  The ending was happy and there was absolutely no danger in this book.    The only good part was Jacobs point of view and thats the only reason its getting a star from me.  I read the other three books like wild fire.  Couldn't stop.  Then Breaking Dawn was little more than a glowing spark that was about to be extinguished.  I had to stop and try re-reading the book four times because I couldn't go on.    Like I said before, Epic Fail
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I thought this was going to be cool, but I listened to a few tracks and found out that it was far from it. One tell-tale sign (pre-listening) was that Ayreon did the exact same thing with a fictional character and a massive backstory. (And he did it better)   JP's Nostradamus (character) is too self-aware, cognizant of his own power, and very boastful. They did not think his psychology through.    The opening track is excellent, a brooding instrumental piece, but after that, the album is a shopping cart full of bricks. The writing is extremely poor. \\"I am Nostradamus!\\" is the only phrase in the chorus of the second track.     After learning of who Judas Priest is, the second tell-tale sign that Nostradamus would be awful was how late they are in their career writing  a rock opera.    Just don't buy this CD. It was a poor effort. Listen to Ayreon instead.
031606792X|5.0|For fans of the Twilight series, this book is the Perfect Ending.  It's not the ending I would have written or the ending I expected, and that's one of the wonderful things about it.  Stephenie didn't make the obvious choices, the ones that would have pleased the readers who read the stories only because they're in love with Edward.  This book is written for fans who are in love with and invested in this whole world she has created.    The main characters are developed more fully than in any book before. Though we got hints of what they would become, in this book we get the full picture:  Edward IS so in love with Bella that he would literally do anything for her.  In past books, he has sometimes seemed overbearing and manipulative, but not here. Here he is a man in love.  Bella, who has been gaining strength through the other two books, is finally a fully self-possessed adult, making difficult decisions and sticking to them through all obstacles.  Vampire strength aside, she has an inner strength that was there  under the surface before and is complete in this part of the story.  And to watch the relationship between former rivals Edward and Jacob develop into true brothers is one of the most fulfilling developments in any of the books of the series.    The plot of Breaking Dawn is literally a page turner.  From the first page, the reader is so enveloped in this world that you will not want to leave.  Stephenie did not leave her fans hanging, but answered question after question, showing us the inner-workings of the wolf pack.  Giving us a more intimate look at the vampires, including not just the Cullens but their friends, the Denali, and other clans and nomads from around the world.  This gathering of vampires with their various powers is one of the most exciting vampire sections in literature.    But the Twilight books at their core are about the most personal of relationships.   At the wedding, when Alice tells Bella, \\"Edward is waiting for you downstairs,\\" wesee how much this wedding means to all the Cullens, not just Edward. They have watched him be alone and lonely for so many years, that this is really a day of joy for all of them.    I won't write specifics because I don't want to spoil the book for anyone who hasn't read it. But every twist and turn is surprising, exciting and fulfilling, all in one.  I literally laughed out loud at parts (the relationship between Jacob and Rosalie) and cried at other parts.    All in all, Breaking Dawn should be read and loved by all fans of the Twilight series. It is the Perfect Ending!  Thank you, Stephenie.
B000021XS0|4.0|So I'm listening to Metropolis Part II, and it's OK, but then I hit the conclusion and I am blown away. I still don't fully understand the story yet and it's been a few months since I first got the album.     Let me justify the 4 stars, as opposed to 5.    Pros:    The musicianship is top-notch: The long instrumental sections are quite impressive, my favorite being Track 5: Fatal Tragedy, and as I noted before, the conclusion.    Cons:    James LaBrie's vocals are iffy. There are spots where he's good and there are spots where he's bad. The writing is sometimes very poor.  The worst thing to ever happen on this album is that James LaBrie sings a female role (Scene Six: Home). It is not convincing in the least, and they did have a female for some background vocals on a later track, so where is she!?     However, this is very much worth a listen. The story is strong (just you wait for Scene Nine!), and the musicianship is absolutely top-notch. What I find strange, however, is that James performed better as the lead character in Ayreon's Human Equation than on his band's own album.
031606792X|5.0|to a perfect series. I read Twilight because a co-worker said to try it out. I fell in love within the first few chapters and I loved every other book as well.     Yes, this book does have a few down sides to it but over all it was beautifully written. Meyer did a fantastic job on her books, she didn't leave us with open ends. I do have to say the only thing I didn't like was Jacob imprinting on Renesmee, that was weird!!     But I do have to disagree with a lot of the reviews I read. It is a fiction book and and even though there are a few powerful messages, we all need to remember it's just a book, and at that it's about vampires. Bella only got pregnant after she married Edward, and if that is what everyone is worried about, is it so wrong to wait until after you are married to have kids?? Isn't that what we want?? Yes, we do have a lot of teen pregnancies but look at all the other books and movies that have come out recently that say it's ok to have a baby in high school, at least she had them married when she got pregnant.
0393061310|5.0|Many reviews claim this book to be biased and bereft of some important additional components that have influenced human evolutionary history. Diamond actually does mention many of these components, but seems to think they're merely subsidiaries of the broader agents behind history's patterns (which he lists as government/religion, germs, writing, and technology).    This book isn't perfect, but it's a great start and leaves the door wide open for those interested in pursuing the study of human evolution. It's boldest claim is that geography was the greatest SINGLE determinant of the evolution of human societies (continental axes, climate, biology, geology, etc.). He doesn't claim geography did it all and does indeed discuss important other factors such as cultural receptivity to new technology, progress, and change. But I think it's interesting that he goes so far as to claim that the essence of it all is mere geographical location, and from that simple starting point our many complex differences have spawned.
0143143492|5.0|These were for Birthday gifts.  Everyone was very happy to receive them.  I enjoyed mine so much I wanted to share with my friends. I like to listen to the CD's when driving and read the book chapters in the evening.  And of course I trust Oprah to sugest a good book.
031606792X|2.0|I'm not angry that Bella and Edward got their storybook ending.  The nature of the book, from the beginning, suggested this would be the case.  I did, however, want them to have to work for their happiness, to sacrifice, and to evolve.  I was never worried for any of the character's lives, nothing was at stake here.  Thank goodness that silly love triangle problem with Jake got solved with no hard feelings!  Charlie's okay with everything, no one even got their feelings hurt at the end, no diapers were ever changed, \\"Nessie\\" was never a burden or an emotional strain, vampires and werewolves...excuse me, shape shifters, are BFFs.  And Bella had the smoothest transition from human to vampire in the history of the world.  And it made for one boring book.
B000YKE87W|5.0|Jonas Kaufmann is what I would call a big voiced tenor--along the lines of Franco Corelli or Richard Tucker (I'm not saying he's that good yet--but his voice is powerful!). The liner notes begin by noting that many of us want to compartmentalize tenors--\\"He's a Puccini tenor,\\" He's a Mozart tenor,\\" \\"He's a Wagnerian tenor.\\" The notes then say that \\". . .Jonas Kaufmann resists [this tendency], uncompromisingly maintaining his remarkable versatility.\\" Versatile indeed!  This CD ranges from Puccini to Wagner, from Bizet to Weber and Verdi.<br /><br />Let's take a look at a few of the cuts on this CD.<br /><br />\\"Che Gelida Manina.\\" What a tenor piece, from Puccini's \\"La Boheme.\\" Kaufmann shows a good rich large voice. He also sings with considerable passion. Here and there are those annoying affectations, such as \\"catches\\" and \\"cries,\\" but not anything that really detracts from his art. When he sings \\"Vivo\\" or \\"millionaria,\\" his voice sounds great. He can up his volume without his voice becoming out of control (no bleating here!). The high note on \\"la speranza\\" seems well hit, with power behind it. This is not another \\"light voiced\\" tenor.<br /><br />\\"E Lucevan le Stelle.\\"  This classic tenor piece from Puccini's \\"Tosca' is also well sung. When he opens to full volume, again, the outcome is splendid. Again, some annoying mannerisms, but not an issue. His close is dramatically sung.<br /><br />\\"Lunge da Lei. . .De' Miei Bollenti Spiriti.\\" An affecting piece from Verdi's \\"La Traviata.\\"  Again, nicely sung. His voice works well with Verdi's music.<br /><br />Finally, \\"Morgenlich Leuchtend\\" from Wagner's \\"Die Meistersinger.\\" This shows his range in terms of roles. And this is very well and smoothly sung. The richness of his voice works well here.<br /><br />So, it seems to me that Jonas Kaufmann is a fine tenor, with a welcome large voice that retains musicality.  I look forward to tracking the arc of his professional singing career. . . .
B0011N1WE8|4.0|You know, I actually, surprisingly, liked this movie, but not for it's storyline.  I liked its imaginative backgrounds and its scenery.  The main thing that I liked about it (outside of my lifelong crush on Christina Ricci) is that it ends with a song by Sigur Ros.<br /><br />The picture is enjoyable, and fun.  Its not a classic, or a piece of fine art, but its good for what it is, and its just a gentle fantasy family picture.
B00007BH5C|5.0|This is a great work by Howard Shore.  Its the darkest movie in the trilogy and this soundtrack portrays that.  The Rohan pieces are inspiring because you can sense the themes of 'hope in hopelessness' and helps you to remember that God can and will help you when all seems lost; He is the Savior.
0316113077|4.0|I think there are some lovely things in this book.  I think that most decorators could benefit from having it.  I am an experienced decorator (30 years) and a cake decorating teacher.  The instructions are nice.
0312427999|5.0|I thought I understood how it all works.  But I had no idea!  If there is one non-fiction book you read in your life about the way of the world, this should be it.  With exceptional cohesiveness and documentation, Naomi Klein has laid bare what makes the world go 'round.  You will be just as shocked.  Read it now!
031606792X|5.0|I don't know what people's problem is who gave this book less than a five star rating... (spoiler coming) What? Would you have wanted it to end badly, for Bella or Edward to die?  Is that what would have made you happy?  Give me a break!  Other than it being a bit too predictable at times it was a great, fun read.  A roller coaster of a story and I'm sorry the series is over.  Nothing was too gory in my mind, nothing was left hanging.  I think it was a great way to wrap up a great series.  If you want a sad ending go read some other book.  Can't wait for the movie!
B0019IB26I|4.0|It has been worth buying this 2-disc CD rather than importing a couple of tracts since I enjoy the entire album.  The acoustic set is particularly great.  The rendition of \\"Daughters\\" is powerful.  My favorite cut is \\"In Your Atmosphere\\".      Sometimes a live recording is more annoying than enjoyable, but that is not the case with \\"Live in LA\\".  The enthusiasm of the crowd adds to the album.  \\"Waiting for the World to Change\\" and \\"Slow Dancing in a Burning Room\\" are favorites on the second disc.    I highly recommend this CD.
031606792X|3.0|Of all the books in The Twilight Saga, Twilight has been my favorite. But I liked this final book about as much as I did all the others. As with most of Meyer's novels, I liked it but didn't love it. Yet I still had this all-consuming desire to read it in every spare moment of the day. So even though I had to wake up at 5:30 this morning and I knew my daughter would be waking up at least once to eat, I stayed up til almost midnight to finish this puppy.<br /><br />This was another great read, but I did have a couple disappointments. ***Stop reading here if you don't want me to spoil anything.***<br /><br />About halfway through the book, everything's all fine and dandy with no major conflict on the horizon, which was nice and all but it got pretty boring after a short while. I didn't really feel the impending doom of the Volturi until after this blissed-out section. And this isn't really a disappointment in this book but more in the others: Bella finally, finally, FINALLY saves the day. But she had to become a vampire to do it! That just rubs me the wrong way. I so wish Bella had been given some special quality, talent, skill, SOMETHING that she could have used in a pinch in the other books. She was always being rescued by the Cullens or Jacob.<br /><br />With Harry Potter, his status as a wizard is unremarkable. What's remarkable and what saves the day time and time again is his character--who he is as a person. So it's easy to identify with Harry, and it's satisfying to read about how he saves the day.<br /><br />Bella is just not a strong character. Not until she becomes a vampire, that is. And even then she's constantly belittling herself! I think the reason I was able to still get really into this final book is all the description of Bella's feelings for her daughter. Every time I read a passage about Nessie, I had this overwhelming urge to go smother my daughter in hugs and kisses. I guess you could argue that the fact that she protected her daughter before birth shows strength. But how did she do that? She went running to a vampire bodyguard and sat back and let other people take care of her and decide the best way for doing so.<br /><br />It's such a compelling plot and world, it seems such a waste that the main character is so completely and utterly weak.she do that? She went running to a vampire bodyguard and sat back and let other people take care of her and decide the best way for doing so.    It's such a compelling plot and world, it seems such a waste that the main character is so completely and utterly weak.
031606792X|4.0|It's been a week, and I've been reading, eating, sleeping (you get the idea) BD for 7 days.   I didn't like it the first time I read it. So weird! A baby? The name? It was surreal. But when I was complaining about it to my son, he asked, \\"What did you expect mom?\\" And I saw he was right. I'm in peace with it now. It's just a story! And besides the baby's name, I loved it. I loved how \\"my\\" Jacob got to tell the story from his point of view, and that Edward and Bella's love survived the honeymoon.About the honeymoon, I think we got as much information as we need. My imagination ran freely during that chapter. Loved it overall, but Twilight and Eclipse are still my favorites.
B00065GX64|5.0|This is a very interesting film on so many levels, and very well presented by Criterion. The commentary is well-done and stays on topic, and the video is so crisp and clear you can't believe it was filmed in 1931. It's interesting to see just how far ahead German cinema was of its American counterpart at this point in time. Although there is not that much talking in this early German talking picture - Fritz Lang resisted going to sound in the first place - what conversation that does take place is well done and natural sounding. Compare it with any American film from 1931 and you can't help but see the difference.<br /><br />The murderer, artfully played by Peter Lorre, has been killing children that have no link to him personally for months. The police, despite all of their efforts, are unable to catch him, mainly because there is no rhyme or reason in his choice of victims. At first there is a focus on the victims and the hole left in their families by their killing. Then, the film shifts to two normally opposed groups - the police and the underworld. After several months of no results by the authorities, the police are unhappy because it reflects badly upon them, and the underworld is unhappy because their activities are being disrupted because of the police doing constant raids in their efforts to capture the killer.<br /><br />In a particularly well-done part of the film the scene shifts back and forth between a conference of police and one of the underworld. They discuss how they are going to catch the killer. The police settle upon the idea of looking for people with a history of past mental problems that were pronounced cured and released. The underworld decides to enlist an invisible group - the beggars - to follow every child at all times and therefore catch the killer. Both groups focus on the right suspect, the question is - who gets there first?<br /><br />M is a fascinating film that raises many topics - the death penalty, a group of criminals that are criminals by choice causing less stress on society than a lone criminal that acts out of an uncontrollable compulsion, and the motivations of the authorities often being their own bureaucratic survival rather than the larger issue of ending a series of horrible acts against humanity.ausing less stress on society than a lone criminal that acts out of an uncontrollable compulsion, and the motivations of the authorities often being their own bureaucratic survival rather than the larger issue of ending a series of horrible acts against humanity.
0061120073|5.0|I am in total awe after reading this book. In the beginning I thought it was going to be a boring and long novel.  But throughout my reading I became to grow more attached to the story. The main character Francie was an intriguing and delightful creation that anyone would want as their best friend, should she not be a fictional person. I enjoyed reading how the poor family made ends meet and continued surviving when it seemed they couldn't hang on much longer.  It seems that you shouldn't find it entertaining to read of suffering, but the author writes it in such a ingenious way as to that you're really reading about the magnificence of life, living, and death. As the family encounters dilemma after dilemma you find yourself encased in the wonder of how they do it. Throughout all the sadness and suffering the Nolans are still kind and considerate, loving and caring, fair and just; overall good people!  Don't get me wrong, this is not a sad story, although some parts are on the sadder side. This is a marvelous writing about why people live and how. It shows a young girl growing up and changing into a woman. I was so in tune with the story I found myself laughing, crying, cheering, and feeling scared! The Nolans are resourceful and caring people, although they do have their faults. You learn about them from birth to middle aged and curiously watch them change, grow, and develop their ways. You see where each person gets their character traits from and why they do certain things. The setting is early twentieth century Brooklyn, NY. The Nolans live in a neighborhood of old flats. Electricity has not yet been invented and the value of the dollar is way higher than the present. Its interesting reading about how their insurance was twenty-five cents and that four people could eat on ten cents a day! The author provides you with outstanding descriptions of looks, feelings, and mood as to that you feel you are really there. You feel as if you have known the characters forever and are close friends with all of them. This is because you learn more about them throughout the story as if you really were their friends, and they were alive and you got to know them better as time goes on. While you read this book, you will discover how lucky we are, and what some people went through to cope with the daily mandatory needs of humans. I am completely convinced anyone who reads this book will fall in love with the gentle rhythym of the flowing sentences. When I finished I didn't want it to end, the author could've kept writing until Francie died and you would've ever get bored.  Yet all books have to end.  With a touch of history, I am positive anyone who reads this will be more than satisfied. This novel definitely deserves more than five stars!ever and are close friends with all of them. This is because you learn more about them throughout the story as if you really were their friends, and they were alive and you got to know them better as time goes on. While you read this book, you will discover how lucky we are, and what some people went through to cope with the daily mandatory needs of humans. I am completely convinced anyone who reads this book will fall in love with the gentle rhythym of the flowing sentences. When I finished I didn't want it to end, the author could've kept writing until Francie died and you would've ever get bored.  Yet all books have to end.  With a touch of history, I am positive anyone who reads this will be more than satisfied. This novel definitely deserves more than five stars!
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|At one point until last week, Amazon had over 350 reviews listed with a 4 star average.  What happened? The album is great. Original, edgy, different from the vanilla junk that's out there today.  The only thing that stopped sales on this album from being outstanding was the inexplicable refusal by the label to help promote the album.
B000T5O48U|4.0|'Cujo' is a pretty good intense film!  King's story about a family pet that goes bonkers after being bitten by a bat is great when the dog is on screen, but when the thread bare story drifts into TV movie melodrama, it looses steam and credibility.<br /><br />I am still a fan of the film because the second half of the film is so strong and the pacing of the animal slowly deteriorating into an uncontrollable killer seems very real, although I could have done without the last attack by the dog in Camber's house. It turned an otherwise believable story into the typical Hollywood ending, always trying to get one more good jolt out of a scene.<br /><br />The new 25th ann. edition DVD sports an excellent transfer and an interesting documentary and commentary. I rate the film 3 1/2 stars, but the new release pushes my rating to 4 stars!
B00006RU5B|5.0|BEST ALBUM OF LAST 10 YRS      MUST BUY    ONLY GOOD AUDIOSLAVE ALBUM
031606792X|1.0|I really wanted to love this book. But I felt like it was the weakest of the entire series. That's not how you end such a beloved series.
B0012909NQ|5.0|First words of advice after you get this DVD: watch the documentary first. I had read some reviews talking about Phil's lower keys and how this tour was just one big money grab. Wasn't sure what do expect but was somewhat prepared to be dissappointed. So i pick up the dvd and not sure why but played the documentary first. It is not an understatement to say my understanding of the band changed completely. I come from an era where rock stars had way more aura about them, and and Genesis was at the top of that list. If you're of  certain age you remember a day before high def TV, home theatre, and xbox, where a bong and a couple of decent speakers and a great album was an escape the is really impossible to put into words today. Genesis, for me and alot of others was at the top of the list for producing album after album of great music    I have to confess this is my first review of anything on amazon, and i  have read many reviews of this band and others where they all carry a similar theme, \\"this band is the greatest of all time, they walk on water, phil collins era doesnt hold a candle to gabriel, bla,bla,bla.\\"    Frankly, I don't care if you hate , like, or love Genesis. What i took away from the dvd was (again back to the documentary) that this was a band that despite all their success, all their money, and all their accollades, was really struggling to get it together for this tour. The  pedestals i put them on all those years ago dissolved as I watched these 3 blokes sweat the Challenges, like Phil's vocal shortcomings(minimal as it turns out) and more than anything else, dealing with getting old.(how can I not relate?).  By the time the documentary was over, i was nervous as hell for them, because i feel i for the first time got to know them. i guess what I'm trying to say is that while I always expected(and got) a great show from these guys, This time, I was truly rooting for them to pull it off now.    Every old Genesis fan hopes for as many \\"old\\" songs as possible in any concert they give. The boys did not disappoint here.I found myself thinking of old friends and the good times we shared when we were young and didn't have mortgages and 401k's to worry about and music was so front and center in our lives. One of the  things that struck me most of all was shots of the people in the audience singing along to the songs. there was a time when almost all my friends knew all the lyrics to all their songs.I've fallen out of touch with all of them, but hope they get a chance to take \\"take a little trip back\\" and watch the boys close it out in style.    Way to go guys-thanks for the all the great music through all the years.
031606792X|5.0|Okay, I know there has been a lot of negative feelings about this book and the plot twists(even among some of my closest friends) ---- but lets be realistic --- Bella and Edward were always going to be together we knew that when Bella said in Eclipse, \\"Edward, I who I CAN'T live without\\"! I really expected some plot twists, otherwise the book could have ended with Bella & Edward getting married and her changing.   Spoiler Alert! The whole preganancy and baby thing didn't surprise me that much, after reading Anne Rice, I guess I figured if a demon could impregnate then why not a vampire? I totally loved the Jacob section, it made him clearer to me and the relationship he develops with Edward seemed real and expressed growth for both characters to me. The last section showed me the Bella that has matured and grown through all of this, however I almost did wish for a fight with the Volturi :), but that could be another book althogether! I did think that Edward's character was a little too \\"quiet\\" in this book when he interacted with Bella, I wanted more \\"playful conversation\\" I think. No, I didn't care for Renesmee either, but Nessie kind of stuck. Overall, Stephenie Meyer gave me the happy ending I wanted along with a very good story. I have re-read the book already and will continue to, it is THAT good! Kudos Stephenie!
031606792X|4.0|***Spoiler*** Well, I have to say that I can't believe a lot of people have gotten to the point of saying to return this book.  I really can't believe that this book is that bad!  If you've read the books and understand them and the characters you would see that the Breaking Dawn isn't that bad.  Yes, it does seem implausible that Bella would get pregnant but hey, guys, this is a FICTION!!! Anything can happen and according to the book there's more of them.  Anybody read anything on vampires and you'll see that there was a country that believed in vampires being able to impregnant woman.  Also, yeah it's kind of creepy that Jake imprinted on the baby but at the same time he's there for her in any way that's possible.  As a baby she needs a care taker and older as a friend.  It does seem weird but she's NOT controlled by the imprinting Jake is and she could date someone else.  Yes, it does seem that at the age of 18 Bella gets everything she wants without anything being given up but at the same time she had to go through a lot in the past 3 books and who says there won't be trouble ahead.  A lot of books say happy ever after and your like whatever!  Some people, even in this day and age, do get married at age 18 and have children.  There's girls out there that get pregnant at 12 so why is this so difficult to understand.  I think that some people wanted Jake to get upset and run away or get really mad at her change.  That may have happened if it wasn't for the imprint and maybe that's why the imprint happened so that Bella and Jake could still be friends. Besides, I really like him in the book.  I really liked this book and recommend it.  If you know the characters well, you'll be able to see that this book is good too.
031606792X|5.0|What person in their right mind who has followed this series through it all did not want a happy ending for Bella?  To me, there wouldn't have been any point. I love the fact that she got everything she wanted. This is a fairy-tale--something we would have wanted for ourselves if we were in Bella's shoes. And I love the fact that Stephenie was brave enough not to sellout on this detail worrying about the inevitable naysayers who would proclaim her book as \\"unrealistic\\". The point is, she wrote her happy ending to her story, and, ultimately, gave the fans what they wanted.    *Spoilers below*    What I loved about the book was the fact that it was divided into three parts.  The first part details the wedding and honeymoon sequence through Bella's POV. The second part is the telling of the horrific pregnancy and birthing story through the eyes of Jacob. And, finally, the third part is continued from Bella's POV, except now as a vampire.  It was very interesting to have each part of the book differentiated that way to gain new perspectives and insights into the many plot twists.  Although from a distance it would seem that the book broken into 3 parts would disjoint the story, I felt that Stephenie handled it rather well, making sure to tighten all loose ends.    Bella's powers as a vampire were awesome and very effective during the final sequence of the Volturi showdown.  I was glad that Stephenie decided to use strategy in lieu of what would have been a very predictable full-on battle scene, and used Bella as a key to the truce.  It wasn't anti-climatic to me, rather it was the test of the wills and stamina between the two forces and the testing of the Bella's strength and endurance to protect those she loved.  It was because of her powers she was able to avoid losing anyone, therefore fulfilling the author's promise for a true happy ending.     Other issues, such as Jacob's imprinting on Nessie and Bella having a baby with Edward is a matter of just getting used to.I admit, at first it took me awhile to absorb those plot contrivances. At first, I was peeved, and then after everything sunk in, I realized that all of these changes were necessary and were even foreshadowed in the previous books.     The only true criticism I have for the book was with the honeymoon scene in which Bella and Edward finally consummated their love. All this time we have been waiting for it, expecting to be swept away in the romance. Instead I felt that Stephenie really missed out on that opportunity to make their first night together magical, as well as the other scenes--besides the very end of the book--in  which Bella and Edward connected romantically. The sparkle (if you will) from the previous books seemed to have been lost somewhere within the 750+ odd pages of text. In this respect, I wish that Stephenie had kept the original formula that worked for the previous books.    Other than that, I am truly satisfied with the last installment of the series. With the doom and gloom cynicism that prevails in many stories we read today, it is refreshing to read a story where there is a true happy ending and to know that, for once, not every thing is lost.  To start the series with Bella presented to us as a shy, insecure, clumsy teenager who never had a true sense of self, to then witness Bella's remarkable change from girl to woman was done spectacularly and has provided us with a great sense of closure.    I'm only saddened that this is the ending of Bella and Edward's story, and am hoping that Stephenie does a stand-alone book on Bella and Edward's \\"forever and forever and forever\\".  Great job, great book!
031606792X|4.0|To most of you who are attacking SM final book in the twilight series, I have a few things to say:  1.) As far as Jacob imprinting on the half vampire half human...Renesmee is growing faster than any real child and will be mentally and physically older than jacob in a few years. Also it is not in any way shape or form a pedofile because there is nothing sexual whatsoever in the book between jacob (is not aging) and renesmee (is aging waaayyyy faster than normal, is half vampire). This is no different to other cultures in arranged marriages and things such as that. Just because we as Americans think our culture and ideals are better than everyone elses does not mean that every other way is wrong.  2.) The story's ending being a happy ending, why is that bad? It definitly wasnt predictable because I would have never thought she would have a baby, there were alot of things that no one would suspect. She wrote it for her and it was her story, you are merely guests so shame on you for complaining, get over it!  3.)  The story was suspenseful and had you guessing till the end, why are you mad that nothing bad happened. I was thinking the whole time they were going to die because stephanie meyer had bella getting everything ready, it was all about the suspense.   4.) Sick of hearing people complain about the 18 year old married and pregnant crap. First of all this is not a model for a real teenager, considering immortality and vampires are not in every day life. Second she is going to live forever so she has plenty of time for her education, take Edward for example he knows like every language and they are filthy rich. Why do people get an education other than to learn?? To make a living well when you have more money than anyone and drive cars that arent available yet, I do not think money is a problem. So why is this a big deal that she is 18 and married.... I think stephanie is making it very clear that age is not important in a book where people live forever, stay sameage forever, or in renesmees case age at a fast rate and is talking and reading in her 1st month of life.       Stephanie Meyer is writing a fantasy novel that is not real... I do not care if you are 10 or 50 years old unless your mentally retarded you know that this is not an example for your own life. I mean if you were to meet a real life Edward who was a vampire and you fall madly in love then what other way would you go about living. She had to get married at 18 because she wanted to sleep with Edward before she became a vampire and she had to become a vampire before she was older than edward. Get over it if you did not like how Stephenie wrote because if you hate it so much go home and right your own version. She could not please everyone and it is not about how you think it should end. Grow up, it was a good story and while not all the storylines were finished like Leah's and Renee, she came pretty damn close to perfection. As far as grammatical things in such is would not be stephenie meyer's fault it is the publishers and editors not doing their job.
031606792X|5.0|I enjoyed the entire series. I know that the writing (or more just the editing) was not up to snuff, but it kept me captivated through it all. It's a fresh plot, with plenty of twists and turns.<br />I see all these people upset that their outcome never came to be, and upset that the story wasn't told to please them, but really...who's story is it to tell? Keep an open mind about things, unless you're a bestselling author like SM, then you really have no business critiquing her. If you can do better, write your own book.<br />It's really a shame that most the people that dislike the books feel so compelled to write a negative review just because the book didn't suit them. The people who liked them aren't as avid, so the negativity just shines.
031606792X|5.0|I was worried that I would be unhappy with the final book after reading all of the one star reviews.  Would it be everything I was hoping for?  YES!  I am so happy that Bella and Edward are together FOREVER!  I am so happy that are parents.  Thank god Jacob is finally over Bella (I was very tired of his obsession).  I don't think it could have a better ending.  Breaking Dawn rocks!!!
B000H6SXLU|5.0|Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers share their spotlight with beautiful songbird Irene Dunne in this pleasant version of the Kern/Harbach musical theater hit ROBERTA.<br /><br />When American football player John Kent (Randolph Scott) inherits his Aunt Roberta's fashion boutique in Paris, he finds himself falling for lovely assistant Stephanie (Irene Dunne, hiding Russian royal blood) and fighting off the  clutches of a nasty former girlfriend (Claire Dodd).  Also on board for the ride are fun-loving bandleader Huck Haines (Fred Astaire), and the phoney Polish cabaret sensation Comtesse Scharwenka (Ginger Rogers)!<br /><br />The Otto Harbach/Jerome Kern score contains such delights as \\"Yesterdays\\", \\"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes\\" and \\"Lovely to Look At\\" (a new addition for the movie).  Fred and Ginger trip the light fantastic with \\"Let's Begin\\", \\"I'll Be Hard to Handle\\" and \\"I Won't Dance\\".<br /><br />The perfect movie for a lazy Sunday afternoon.
0920668364|5.0|Incest? Stalking? are you kidding me??? Stop watching so much \\"Law and Order: Special Victims Unit\\"! This story is as sweet as can be. It saddens me that some people think being affectionate with your child is \\"creepy\\".
031606792X|5.0|This book not only surpassed my expectations for the final book, but kept me guessing right up until the last page. There were no dull moments or unmet expectations. I would recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of the Twilight Saga.
031606792X|5.0|!!!Warning Spoilers!!!  Okay, first off, to everyone who says--1. Stephenie Meyer wrote this?, 2. She can't have it both ways when it comes to a vampire's ability to reproduce, 3. Renesmee is too weird of a name, and 4. Not everyone can have happy endings, it doesn't work like that.   One word for you all--FICTION!  This is not a text book. It went the way SM wanted it to.         1. Yes! it is the same story continued but as things change, so do characters. Bella and Edward got married. That in itself is enough to change the way people act. As for the people who have a problem with Bella being 18 when she married, did you not read the other books? It is perfectly clear that it was going to happen. NO BIG SURPRISE. I did it too; it's all a matter of personal choice.        2. SM is not trying to have it both ways.  Never did she say that a male vampire and a human female cannot procreate. Please watch interviews and read FAQ's before making accusations.  What she did say was that a female vampire cannot get pregnant because of the changes that have to take place in the body and vampires are frozen in the time they are changed. Apparently a male vampire would keep his virility as well.        3. SM explained why the name was chosen--Bella and Edward's child is unique.  She couldn't have a name that anyone else has, it just wouldn't fit. Celebs are frequently using unique names for their children. Anyone remember Apple or Denim? Enough said.        4. Why can't everyone live happily ever after? They've been through enough to get where they are. Of all things to complain about. Read The Host and you'll see there is only one ending BD could have.    Anyway, in case you haven't already figured it out, I really liked this book. It is just a matter of keeping in mind Stephenie Meyer's writing style and the fact that this is fiction. Anything can happen!
B0007TKNIS|5.0|If you love music, then you got to get Phantom of the Opera. Phantom of the Opera has some of the best music in the world in the movie. Some music you can compare to others. Like I compare 'Masqurade' to 'Be our Guest'. For all the music lovers out there, I recommend getting Phantom of the Opera.
1582701709|4.0|For those who believe in the power of hope, this is a good read.  I find myself looking at various pages now and then just for a little boost.  If you are not one who believes that your thoughts can influnce your life then do not waist your time reading this book.
031606792X|4.0|I guess everyone else has alredy said (like 2,000 times) what happens in the book, so I will skip that part and go straight to my opinion. It was not what I expected at all. Everyone got what they wanted, everything was resolved in the end and what I was expecting the least, no one died (too much Harry Potter.)I'm happy for Bella and Edward, they'll live happy ever after. I'm happy for Jacob, finally someone will love him the way he deserves to be loved (the imprinting thing didn't bother me at all, but other people are scandalized!)I guess I was preparing myself for something worst like Bella not becoming a vampire or a lot of the Cullens dying (again to much Harry Potter)so it was good that everyone ended up well (Irina doesn't count in my book), never saw the pregnancy coming though. I have to confess, I'm not a fan of Renesmee (the name or the baby), but I'm willing to endure her for Jacob's sake. I can't say it was my favorite. None of the books compare to the magic of Twilight, but I'm glad it all ended on a positive note. Everyone happy, FOREVER. Written in back in August<br />February 27,2009<br />I just reread my review six months after reading the book. I was obviously blinded by my love for Twilight. Now I can honestly say I don't know what I was thinking. I HATE this book more than I hate Bella (and that's a lot to say) whom I have never liked. I'm sorry I wasted 4 stars in this book and wish I could take them back.
1582701709|4.0|This is a very good book... especially if you have an \\"open mind\\" with which to receive it's message.  It is very \\"insightful.\\"  It is DEFINATELY a book that you have to read and experience for yourself.  The possibilities are unlimited.
B0018OAOQC|5.0|This may well be how future historians will one day write about Volbeat's stompin' & rockin' sound. Take some old-school (and that's a compliment) Metallica/Megadeth riffs, throw in some very tight drumming indeed, and pour over liberal amounts of Poulsen's vocal metal-jodel artistry - and voila!     This, their second album, is a bit more polished than the first. While die-hard fans of any band will often see this as \\"selling out\\", I think that in this case it is more a question of Volbeat being a band that is so playful & experimental, eager to try whatever they think will sound good -- that it simply will not work to put them in a narrowly defined box.    Take some of the songs on this album:   Much has been written about 'Sad Man's Tongue' already, but that doesn't change the fact that if you don't start (at the very least)stomping you foot when you hear it, you seriously need to have your ears examined. The shift in energy is one of the best I have every heard in any song.     The much slower, but comparatively fantastic build-up in speed and intensity in 'The human instrument' is one of the best openers on any of the albums I own, for sure.    \\"The Garden's Tale\\" even features some Danish (!) singing, by guest-singer Johan Olsen, leadsinger in the Danish band 'Magtens Korridorer' (yeaah! -go, biologists!). Two hard-singing men in a duet, go figure. It works. And then some. And again, the shifts in speed throughout - yumyum!    However, they also do full frontal assaults, head-on, like in the songs \\"You or them\\" or \\"River Queen\\". I must saym though, that they did this even better on the first album \\"The strenth/The sound/The songs\\" - especially on the track \\"Rebel Monster\\" (oh, and do check out the cover of Springfield's old 'I only wanna be with you' from that album - priceless!).      As a Danish expat stuck in the US, I have so far been unable to attend a live act with these guys -- but plenty of reports from friends in Denmark & Germany leave no doubt: theyare a formidable liveband, and thus how one should really experience their music. One day... ...come over here, guys!!  Only small piece of advice: they should tighten/improve the lyrics a bit; get someone who's good at English to help polish the language. But this is a very minor blurp.    Lastly, even if it should transpire that these guys for whatever unfair reason should remain unknown to most people, it doesn't change the fact that Volbeat ROCKS!
B0012QE4Q2|2.0|I love Phillipa Gregory's books, even the contraversial Wildacre Triology. I love Tudor-era books and movies. I'm a huge fan of Natlie Portman. But this movie is such an injustice to all three that I was forced to finish watching the moive by fast forwarding and stopping breifly at places that looked interesting. This from the first twenty minuites of 1x boredom.<br /><br />This moive is a tragedy to a beautiful, captivating book, and is not only historically inaccurtate (which, had it been good, I could have lived with) but entirely false to the book it was based upon. DO NOT watch unless bound and gaged and with access to much distraction to prevent yourself from concentrating too much on the awfulness that lies within.
B001AX60KU|5.0|For me, this is the Ultimate ELVIS Presley! Not only he sings brilliantly. He looks awesomely handsome too! Two Thumbs Up, 5 STARS***** Ratings!!!
B0007TKH66|4.0|Upfront, I love Star Trek. When I was 3 I thought Picard's opening words of TNG were the pledge of allegance. I've seen most, if not all, the Star Treks ever made. So, from NetFlix, I decided to watch all of the episodes in order of every series. Naturally, I began with season 1 of the prequel series Enterprise.<br /><br />Captain Johnathan Archer (note, JOHN Archer, JIM Kirk, JEAN-LUC Picard, and Kathrin JANEWAY), son of Zephram Cocraine's pal and fellow warp engineer, and warp test pilot, is put in charge of the first human warp 5 vessal, Enterprise. Archer and his crew, including Vulcan science officer T'Pol, engineer Trip Tucker, and Dr. Phlox, seek out new species and new planets (new to humans, at least) and find themselves in the middle of a Temporal Cold War none of them were prepared for...<br /><br />Season 1 largely deals with humanity beginning its quest amongst the stars. Relations with alien species and the ongoing saga with the Suliban are at a prime in this season, with several of the more minor characters remaining seemingly 1 dimensional for this season. But, for a first season, Enterprise has a surprisingly bold and delightful way about it that only a Star Trek series might have...
0783231032|1.0|This is a bad re-mix of a great movie. First, they got the screen aspect wrong. Second, the restored footage is of very poor quality. It's easy to see what new scenes have been added... just look for the blurry parts!    I loved this movie at the theatre and on VHS. Too bad that when I wanted to purchase it on DVD there's now only this garbage version available.    Not worth a nickel in my opinion.
B00000HZTB|3.0|I am amazed at the amount of praise this good CD gets. After The VU to Berlin in 1973, a great Lou Reed album now seems to be one where half the songs are strong, a decent album is one with 2 great songs, and a lousy album is consistently bad.   The Blue Mask has 3 stand-out tracks: \\"My House\\", with evocative lyrics, a melodic chord progression and quite nimble singing for the usually monotone Lou. \\"Waves of Fear\\" is a cousin to \\"Kill Yr Sons\\". Same kind of chords & menace, with Lou really belting/bellowing out the words. \\"Heavenly Arms\\" finishes the album in style with impassioned singing, a good melody & soulful female backing vocals. Robert Quine adds a lot. A fine guitarist whose reputation is making noise, but here Quine is usually very clear & melodic. (Obviously this CD was a big influence on Matthew Sweet & especially Lloyd Cole who used Quine extensively in the 90's.)  That being said, there are some serious turkeys on this album that would have fit right in on any of Lou's 20 bad records. \\"The Blue Mask\\" is just a tuneless rant over droning chords & feedback that goes nowhere. Monotonous & unmelodic. This would have been thrown off of a VU or Sonic Youth album.   \\"Average Guy\\" is sung in his Transformer voice, but is otherwise awful. Lou is sometimes a genius, sometimes lame, but he is never average. He sounds like he is trying way too hard on this, and doesn't believe it.  \\"The Day John Kennedy Died\\" could have been great, but it concentrates on Lou not JFK, and the corny title hook ruins it.   I'm glad Lou loved \\"Women\\" at this point (as opposed to men who dress like women) but if Michael Bolton sang this song, it would be universally hated.   Yes, The Blue Mask is Lou Reed's best work of the '80's, but most artists don't have the legacy of Velvet Underground with Nico, Loaded, Transformer & Berlin to compete with. Early genius is a b*tch!  Suspend your expectations and you will enjoy The Blue Mask.
031606792X|3.0|To start with, I am a Twilight fan.  I loved Twilight, struggled with New Moon (oh Edward!), and really enjoyed Eclipse.  I had crazy high hopes for Breaking Dawn (didn't we all?).  I was also rooting for Bella to end up with Edward, to make the change to being a vampire, and for her to have some sort of awesome power that would give her the strength and self-reliance that was missing in the other books.  So, actually, I got exactly what I wanted out of Breaking Dawn... so why am I so unhappy with it?  Well, I guess for a lot of reasons.  Forgive the exceptionally long review!<br /><br />Okay, so I think a lot of my grievances with the story center around Renesmee (by the by... it really is an awful name... I know that's kind of the running gag, but... ugh!).  I was not looking for Bella to get pregnant or to go into the mothering role.  I'm not going to get into Stephenie's Meyer's personal beliefs about marriage or parenting - I actually don't feel like it applies.  I think that Bella's transition from nervous fiance to CALMLY AND SERENELY CARRYING A PART-VAMPIRE BABY THAT WILL TEAR ITSELF OUT OF HER STOMACH AFTER ALMOST STARVING HER TO DEATH was just totally unbevelievable.  Yes, Bella's always reacted with a stubborn sense of optimism towards vampires and werewolves... but this was just too much for me.  If marriage made her that nervous, why on earth wouldn't having a killer baby scare that bejeebus out of her?  There was a great moment at the end of New Moon when Bella freaked out about the Volturi... that would've been a good reaction to this.  For a start.<br /><br />And then on to Renesmee herself... for a child that inspires people to love her, I certainly couldn't make myself care about her. She went so suddenly from being monster nudger to angelic, smiling baby, I couldn't make the transition.  Her entire birth process was so creepy (Rosalie bugs the crap out of me throughout this story... ugh again!), it completely tainted her as a character throughout the book.  Since I've spent the last three books caring about Bella and Edward hooking up, I think I harbored some resentment towards lil' baby Nessie for ruining it for me.<br /><br />Speaking of Edward and Bella - does Edward just disappear in the third book?  The whole give and take between Bella and Edward totally evaporated in this book.  So did her exchanges with Jacob.  To me, this series is all about those interactions and relationships!  But suddenly all I'm hearing about from Bella is that she is willing to give it all up in order to save her baby... whom I don't care about.  Edward should not just be relegated to hot nights of constant vampire sex and jaw-kissing!  Ugh!  I think that Meyer's writing style is strongest when she has her characters interacting with each other, but what we get here, outside of Jacob's book, is Bella's summaries of those conversations.  For a book that was closing in on 800 pages, it feels kind of silly for me to say I wanted to hear more of those... but I did.<br /><br />And about those characters... I think she's created an awesome cast for her stories.  But again - where we they?  Alice, who seriously has to rank up there in favorites (okay, at least for me!) disappears part way through the book.  I couldn't believe that everyone jumped to the conclusion that she had left because she was scared for herself and Jasper, that it was out self-preservation.  It confused me, in fact.  This was another spot where I think that the story needed some fleshing out, some explanation of the thought process, maybe some arguing between the family members.  If I don't find it plausible that Alice had abandoned them, then I think brilliant vampires might have a clue.  I would've actually enjoyed Alice's reappearance at the end if it would've been a surprise, but I always figured that she'd be back, with something to save the day.<br /><br />On a slightly different thought line - what was the deal with breaking vampire rules?  As in, oh, theonly fluid they have is venom... oh, except for male vampires, they have semen.  Oh, and half-vampires don't have venom... oh, except for male half-vampires.  WTH?  This felt like bad writing - changing the rules of your world for the sake of a plot point that's kind of weak to begin with.  Ugh again and again!<br /><br />And that brings me back to Bella.  I had been teased and worried over her first year as a newborn vampire, learning to be herself again.  And then, for once in Bella's life, it all comes so easily to her... was that ever even cleared up?  Was she well-prepared?  Gifted in levelheadedness (pssh!)?  What was the deal with that?  Again, this felt like sloppy writing excusing a major Meyer-vampire rule so that we could have a story about Edward and Bella's baby.  For a book that has so many awful threats to their happiness, it certainly seems like they get everything that they want.  It's all overcome, without any detriment to the Cullen family, the wolves, or even Bella's human friends and family - who, by the by, have totally dropped off the map.<br /><br />I would've liked to see them deal with a challenge that wasn't the Volturri, but rather having to overcome their own faults and issues.  That was one of the things I liked so much about Twilight; Edward overcoming his innate nature to have a relationship with Bella and Bella stepping up to protect Edward and her own family.  Perfect people are boring... and I hate to be bored by Bella, Edward, and Jacob (and the freaky baby!).<br /><br />I do have some positives about Breaking Dawn.  Jacob's book was excellent.  I have been an outspoken opponent to Jacob and Bella's relationship.  I was mad at Jacob about the way he manipulated her in Eclipse.  But his perspective, while not making me want him to be with Bella, really made me appreciate him more.  Seth and Leah also got a chance to shine and grow on me.  I think I stayed in Jacob's mindset for more of the book than was intended, and that says a lot for Meyer's writing.  It made it all that more depressing when the characters that had developed so much in Jacob's book practically disappeared.  His interactions with Carlisle and Rosalie, the way Esme mothered the pack, Alice's use of Jacob and Seth as aspirin, that all shed new light on the Cullens that was interested and made me want to read more.  And then it ended with babies chewing out of stomachs.  Bleah.<br /><br />I would really like to see some short stories from other characters' perspectives... I think that Meyer has a strong list of choices if she wants to continue and do something similar to Jacob's book.  I'm also eager to see Midnight Sun, a flip side to my favorite book in the series.  I'd also be kind of curious to see other writers dive in and try on the Meyer-vampires/werewolves, to see what can be added.  It's a strange feeling to have a finished a book and be very unsatisfied but also wanting more.  Despite all my moaning and grumbling, I don't think this was a bad book.  It just wasn't a good one.  And it was and wasn't what I had hoped for.  Hooray for Bella for getting Edward and turning FINALLY!  But boo for losing the tense relationships and romantic moments for lots of off-the-page sex scenes.  The writing felt sloppy and disjointed; perhaps Meyer was getting tired of Bella?<br /><br />If you made it to the end, I owe you one Grumblecake.cept for male vampires, they have semen.  Oh, and half-vampires don't have venom... oh, except for male half-vampires.  WTH?  This felt like bad writing - changing the rules of your world for the sake of a plot point that's kind of weak to begin with.  Ugh again and again!    And that brings me back to Bella.  I had been teased and worried over her first year as a newborn vampire, learning to be herself again.  And then, for once in Bella's life, it all comes so easily to her... was that ever even cleared up?  Was she well-prepared?  Gifted in levelheadedness (pssh!)?  What was the deal with that?  Again, this felt like sloppy writing excusing a major Meyer-vampire rule so that we could have a story about Edward and Bella's baby.  For a book that has so many awful threats to their happiness, it certainly seems like they get everything that they want.  It's all overcome, without any detriment to the Cullen family, the wolves, or even Bella's human friends and family - who, by the by, have totally dropped off the map.      I would've liked to see them deal with a challenge that wasn't the Volturri, but rather having to overcome their own faults and issues.  That was one of the things I liked so much about Twilight; Edward overcoming his innate nature to have a relationship with Bella and Bella stepping up to protect Edward and her own family.  Perfect people are boring... and I hate to be bored by Bella, Edward, and Jacob (and the freaky baby!).    I do have some positives about Breaking Dawn.  Jacob's book was excellent.  I have been an outspoken opponent to Jacob and Bella's relationship.  I was mad at Jacob about the way he manipulated her in Eclipse.  But his perspective, while not making me want him to be with Bella, really made me appreciate him more.  Seth and Leah also got a chance to shine and grow on me.  I think I stayed in Jacob's mindset for more of the book than was intended, and that says a lot for Meyer's writing.  It made it all that more depressing when the characters that had developed so much in Jacob's book practically disappeared.  His interactions with Carlisle and Rosalie, the way Esme mothered the pack, Alice's use of Jacob and Seth as aspirin, that all shed new light on the Cullens that was interested and made me want to read more.  And then it ended with babies chewing out of stomachs.  Bleah.    I would really like to see some short stories from other characters' perspectives... I think that Meyer has a strong list of choices if she wants to continue and do something similar to Jacob's book.  I'm also eager to see Midnight Sun, a flip side to my favorite book in the series.  I'd also be kind of curious to see other writers dive in and try on the Meyer-vampires/werewolves, to see what can be added.  It's a strange feeling to have a finished a book and be very unsatisfied but also wanting more.  Despite all my moaning and grumbling, I don't think this was a bad book.  It just wasn't a good one.  And it was and wasn't what I had hoped for.  Hooray for Bella for getting Edward and turning FINALLY!  But boo for losing the tense relationships and romantic moments for lots of off-the-page sex scenes.  The writing felt sloppy and disjointed; perhaps Meyer was getting tired of Bella?      If you made it to the end, I owe you one Grumblecake.
031606792X|5.0|OMG!! I was sad about some of the bad reviews the book was getting and hoped it wouldn't cloud my judgement of this final chapter. But once I started reading I was as mesmerized as I was with the other 3. I guess I'm a sucker for a happy ending, because I loved how everything played out! So you naysayers need to get a life. It's was a fantasy story start to finish, I don't understand the disappointment. If you were OK with the first 3 books, (hello, you're reading a love story between a human and a vampire, with werewolves thrown in) how could you criticize this last book for things you don't think are plausible, get real!  I thought it was fantastic!!!  I don't usually read books more then once, but I see these are books I will read over and over again!!!
1594489505|5.0|I LOVE THIS BOOK!  I read this book based on a recommendation and I am glad I listened.  I was hesitant at first, but the author [...] me in QUICK.  I saw and heard all the hype about The Kite Runner, but A Thousand Splendid Suns? YES!  When I read the book, I started routing for the heroines.  I was able to imagine everything the author was describing, down to what the characters should look like.  I even started thinking, \\"They should make a movie out of this so I could go watch it!\\"    This book is so good, that I decided to start reading The Kite Runner.    Afterwards, I also plan to watch the actual movie for this.  I know there is already one out for The Kite Runner.
031606792X|5.0|You didn't truly understand what Edward and bella's relationship.First I would like to say that we (fans of the saga) begged for a fourth book with the happy ending for edward and bella. However, most complaints are with Bella's getting pregnant and jacobs imprinting. I would like to say that Edward was always uneasy about bella giving up those normal things that he couldn't give her.This book gave him a chance to give her and the Cullens something that they all (Rosalie, Esme especially) wanted. The teenage pregnancy thing doesn't really apply to this situation b/c bella will remain 18 forever so after a while she isn't a teenager. Those that think the happy ending is bad and that life doesn't wrap up perfectly like Breaking Dawn and that there are messages in it, I hate to tell you that the book isn't reality and that should be why we're reading it and why we like it.Jacobs imprinting gave him the peace and happiness that he needed to get over bella and move on.Bella's getting pregnant gave the book a plot and happy ending.for other complaints on it I'm just going to end with you truly did not understand bella, edward and stephanie meyer.The book may have not been the best of the 4 but it was the perfect ending and true Twilight saga fans understood.This book was great.
031606792X|5.0|As a series long, diehard, Bella and Edward fan, I could not ask for a more perfect ending for my favorite couple. People are commenting about their dislike of the book because it is not \\"realistic\\" enough. I understand that. I don't know about you, but I don't read vampire fiction to be dealt a dose of reality. If I want something realistic, I'll turn on the depressing news, or read a book where everybody dies at the end and no happiness remains. And what is so wrong with Bella getting everything she wants? It gives me hope that a normal person with no special talents (until she is turned, that is) can end up very happy. It makes me think that I can end up with everything I want, too. I applaud Meyer for a riveting last book in the series.
159102594X|3.0|I've started this book twice and haven't finished it. I get about halfway through and just lose interest. The characters seem well written, and although some of them seem to be standard fantasy tropes (the wizard, the barbarian, the swordsman, etc) they don't come off as trite. Everyone else seems to love this book, so I don't know what I'm missing. The action doesn't pick up fast enough for me.
B0016NF06O|1.0|What a disappointment! Winton Marsallis is a superb musician, a virtuoso without peer who hits all the right notes and has smart charts. But he has no heart. His playing his formal, cold, and uninvolved. I should have expected that. But Willy Nelson? We know he's got heart and soul and humor. But here he appears so fearful of losing his supercool persona that he's just casually phoning in the performance. Willy, there's a difference between subtle understatement, and just barely getting the words out.  Reviewers have compared this pairing to the incredible sessions of Louis Armstrong and Jimmy Rodgers 70 years ago-- the ultimate summit where jazz and blues met \\"country and Western\\". That unwarranted comparison got my hopes up. But Rodgers and Armstrong had more than musical skill --they had electricity, magic, and heart. Winton, you're no Satchmo and never will be. And WIllie, please try staying awake next time.
031606792X|5.0|I fell in love with this series within the first few chapters of the first book.  I found the conclusion of this series very satisfying. I never felt let down or disappointed, surprised yes, but never angry or disappointed like so many of these other reviews.      This story is a work of fiction, powerful albeit, but nevertheless fiction. Meyer began this series as a project for herself, a personal day dream and we have been lucky to be let in on that dream. I don't know what kind of society we live in that dislikes happy endings.  I know my life doesn't work out the way I want it to half the time but its nice to have some mind candy to read where things work out for the best.     Any teenager that is basing their life decisions off of a work of fiction (especially one involving vampires and werewolves) seriously needs to reevaluate their life. All this whining about mixed messages has really got to stop. Bella remained a virgin until marriage. Bella did not abort a teen pregnancy that had the potential to kill her. Bella did not ditch her family. Bella was able to resist her baser vampire instincts.     The story was beautiful. I enjoyed it. I would recommend it. If you are looking for tragedy skip this series. If you are looking for a way of life or inspiration for you own life try the Dali Lama. Stephanie Meyer is are great author.
031606792X|4.0|As with any novel there were things that could have played out differently, there could have been different messages and there could have been different endings, but there weren't.  There were many struggles through the first three installments that created just enough fodder to allow this story to end the way it did.  This saga was beautifully written, allowing the reader to become Bella.  The fluid writing draws the reader in and creates an entire world that on the surface appears normal yet just under the surface there is this fantastical world of adventure and feeling that sucks you in.  In many of the reviews I read people felt compelled to vehemently appose some of the actions/situations that occur.  If these are messages that you don't want to get stuck in the heads of the teen-aged readers then take responsibility for discussing the complexity of the decisions and actions of the characters.  This is not based on real life and it is obvious from the first time Bella encounters the vampires.    This ending encompasses all of the elements that were previously brought up in the first, second and third installments.  Ms. Meyer creates a heroine that does not realize she is until the very end of the story.  The tortured complexity of the first love unravels in a beautifully written, intensely rich, action packed story that will leave you breathless and longing for more.
031606792X|5.0|Let's face it, the first three books were essentially a kind of female-centered porn. No nudity, no sex, certainly, but every woman's ideal menage-a-trois: two hot steamy guys with all the right qualities who want nothing more than to talk about their feelings, ask her all about herself, and watch her sleep, without once peeking under the covers. Until now, this series has pandered to this innocent girl's fantasy, a world where men love their women so much they can't imagine touching them inappropriately. These men are not real men any more than Barbie or Pamela Anderson are real women. They are fantasies -- and the voracious appetite with which women of all ages fell for this love triangle suggests that Stephenie Meyer has given many women what they didn't know they really wanted.    Enter Breaking Dawn. Finally, a book that removes the fantasy love contest between Edward and Jacob and replaces it with faster plotting and interesting vampire lore -- the kind of thing male readers were thirsting for all along. The vampire backstory gets very rich here, we learn things about vampires that suggest endless sequel potential and a universe of vampiric variations that would satisfy any fantasy reader not otherwise obsessed with the hokey love triangle. I am glad I read this book, it's the best of the four from a male reader's perspective (and you namby-pamby men out there who really were into the Jacob/Edward debate, spare me your whining). The only thing it lacked was a knock-down, drag-out apocalypse of immortal carnage -- something that should still be written. Clearly the Romanian vampires feel as I do that such a battle royale would be worth watching.     Gender-baiting aside for a moment. This battle would be more important than I make it sound. Such a massive rumble would be the best way to depict the message of this book. Yes, naysayers, this book does convey a powerful message -- one that so many of those one-star reviewers who are complaining about Stephenie Meyer's corrupting influence failed to see. (Really, complaining that Bella fails to be a role model because she gets married and has a child? Have you not read the author's bio? She was married at 21 before she finished college and had three children while still in her 20s. Think she's a failure? Think again. She's fabulously successful, insanely wealthy and has a college degree -- did you think that Stephenie wouldn't see the world through rose-colored, happiness-prone glasses when her own life is exactly that, deliriously happy?).    The real point of this book is that we can and should choose love. That despite our personal weaknesses and faults -- our immature attempts at love and our petty jealousies -- we can make important, permanent decisions that will tie us to other people, making their lives and our lives better in the process. The battle I propose -- one I hope sees the light of day in a future novel -- would seal Bella's decisions and the decisions of her family and loved ones in a way that would render their commitments real. Some would have to die to preserve the love they have made immortal. Others would have to kill to do the same. Nothing is more final, especially for immortals. But they would do so to vanquish the petty dynasty of the Volturi and establish a global movement of vampires that respect human life and restrain their selfish hungers in deference to the greater good. Something that wise humans do every day.     Such a symbolic battle would take this series to the next level. But even without it, this book is the best evidence that Meyer wasn't really writing a sloppy romance saga for misty-eyed girls, but was instead telling a story about the eternal power of love and self-denial that would serve women and men alike.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|The best that may be said about this movie is that it is only 84 minutes long.  I'll give the creature creator his due, the beastie is pretty cool but other than that this film is every bad Youtube video combined with every lousy Japanese monster movie.  Don't rent it, don't buy it!
B000W93CHC|3.0|Follett finally completed the sequel to his evergreen historical novel, The Pillars of the Earth, and although I was compelled by the story enough to read all 1024 pages in a week, I was saddened at how poorly the book compares with its predecessor.    It is interesting to consider the nearly 20 years between the first book and this sequel. Many things have changed in our culture since then, leading Follett to inject even more egregious anachronisms into this book than the first. For example, the characters at one point fret over the self-esteem of a teenage girl. There are many further examples but I will spare you.    More telling is the apparent shift Follett has undergone in what he believes we want to read about. For example, the first book barely treated homosexuality, despite the many opportunities to explore it in a monastery. The second, now twenty years deeper into the gay rights movement, explores gay relationships with a frank openness more consistent with San Francisco circa 2000 than the Britain of the 1300s.    This observation aside, I was personally disappointed that the author did not again craft a thoughtful and multi-dimensional portrayal of a man of faith. The character of Prior Philip stands as the hallmark achievement of the first novel. Prior Philip was a man filled with the desire to do what is right by God and by his fellowmen but sometimes unable to know what would be right and what cost was worth bearing to do it. This is my personal experience of what most spiritual leaders are like.    In contrast, the religious figures in the sequel are all one-dimensional sycophants or toadies, ingratiating themselves with higher ups for their own personal ambition, betraying their own principles regularly, and considering faith a stepping stone rather than an end in itself.    The one sympathetic, intelligent, and thoughtful religious character is a woman who is technically an atheist, and only joined a convent to avoid a worse fate. She is consistently smarter and more capable than all other religious figures and her atheism is continually cited as the engine behind her industriousness and her unique interpersonal gifts.    I've met atheists like that, but I've also met religious people like that and you'd think that a novel that spans fifty years of religious life in a town where all activity centers on a cathedral might include even one intelligent, sincere devout person? Just one?    The differences between these two books tells us much about ourselves and the kinds of things authors and editors believe we want to read. I wonder what a third book, written 20 years from now, would say about us?
B000CNESU8|5.0|It must have been at least 20 years since this film was made and it is amazing that it is still relevant today.  Director Sidney Lumet has lined up fantastic cast and found even better screenwriter that has made this movie to be one of the everlasting classics of the American cinema.  Throughout the film we observe characters from the network television pushing their way around network for their personal gain.  The rule of the game is \\"ratings\\" and those better be good or heads will roll.  And if the american public is not watching news for its value, then what can enhance sagging ratings: scandal, popular demand or modern prophecies of the time?  As news descend into entertainment value for the sake of the ratings, high level executives are too busy brokering deals: selling air time to marketing companies, terrorist groups, even communists; paying off high interest loans to foreign investors, firing anyone on their way of achieving goal of becoming financially successful.  20 years ago, Lumet told us, thru this film that rule of capitalism, democracy and american way is one way - make money.  One must do whatever it takes to make that goal a reality.  It is amazing how relevant this film still is today.  Not much has changed at all.
B001B71NOI|3.0|A lot of these reviews have said alot, and covered a lot of history. In my stand point I will say this album is worthy of not purchasing, but good for downloading (NIN, and it's free!?)<br /><br />Every song starts off, carries the pace the same except for the two instrumental tracks but it seems like a rush, a jam session with little to no environmental production and even less worthy of Year Zero. I think YZ was good because it actually contained good hooks and rythms to groove along with. Being raised with a brother who trained me on anything and everything industrial, and me growing into Trip Hop and anything melodically industrial and maturing with heavy forgein metal and eventually creating my own instrumental Trip Hop, with this album it's definately a step down.<br /><br />I'm sure any NIN fan can agree that NIN has never been the same since Flood left and left Trent to be the main man of everything but he's done good. I think Fragile is his best album because it contains so much emotion. With Teeth was a live effort with a band and the songs were okay, and YZ was all computerized and was catchy and heh, The Slip slips...<br /><br />I do not want to hate at all because I've grown so much admiration for Trent being a real musician dedicated to his fan base and actually using a half percentage of his own money to create and distribute his products with his own money. In my opinion he should be hall of famed just because he's been dedicated to it and not just a one time album sale stint.<br /><br />I've bought everything from D. Spiral to Ghosts and downloaded The Slip for free as soon as it was released. And now, thank you reading here is the review...<br /><br />dup dup dubabadup dup dup dubabadup dup dup dabada dap dup dup ah ah ah ah... I don't feel anything even though the electric guitar sounds like a college dorm fart trick.<br /><br />Every song starts with a beat in four parts and then the verse starts followed by the chorus and then a break and a verse to another chorus followed by a drum solo and then a beat with a distorted verse and a chrous with all kinds of noise accumilation followed by a beat with distorted guitar solo cutting off suddenly or fading out. The same same same same, and the new single with big bass reverb drum beat on the radio and distorted guitar and muffled bass and clean singing.. it's the same through the whole cd. A 3 month project in a New York apartment it seems.<br /><br />Point being, this album is not NIN unless Trent wants it to be a solo project at this point.  Think of milking the band title for the fame and walking away with royalties, yet in this case there is still no roylaties. caching. Money well spent to make even more money. What;s a bullet worth biting when it's still in the chamber?<br /><br />It's typical NIN after YZ's standpoint but read what I said. It's the same concept the whole album. If I like when an artist stays within the same style but within the same concept for a full album it seems rushed, or impatient.. and after all, this is his fourth cd this year (jesus.. well, what's the second or third) I got three... Is there another secret Halo remix I've yet to find?<br /><br />It's worth your collection if you are a good fan, but newcomers will definately turn away because it's not crotch rock or 1993 clap keyboard rap, or they have not followed the history of a risen and fallen musician. Tren, jus ake anoer 5 year break please.d then a beat with a distorted verse and a chrous with all kinds of noise accumilation followed by a beat with distorted guitar solo cutting off suddenly or fading out. The same same same same, and the new single with big bass reverb drum beat on the radio and distorted guitar and muffled bass and clean singing.. it's the same through the whole cd. A 3 month project in a New York apartment it seems.    Point being, this album is not NIN unless Trent wants it to be a solo project at this point.  Think of milking the band title for the fame and walking away with royalties, yet in this case there is still no roylaties. caching. Money well spent to make even more money. What;s a bullet worth biting when it's still in the chamber?    It's typical NIN after YZ's standpoint but read what I said. It's the same concept the whole album. If I like when an artist stays within the same style but within the same concept for a full album it seems rushed, or impatient.. and after all, this is his fourth cd this year (jesus.. well, what's the second or third) I got three... Is there another secret Halo remix I've yet to find?     It's worth your collection if you are a good fan, but newcomers will definately turn away because it's not crotch rock or 1993 clap keyboard rap, or they have not followed the history of a risen and fallen musician. Tren, jus ake anoer 5 year break please.
0802136834|5.0|The book is excellent.  So much interesting drama! I am Korean and Korea's Chosun Dynasty is also full of Queens and deceit and back stabbing and I realized how England's Kingdom was very similar to Korea's. I suppose King & Queens are kind of similar in their nature to keep the power given to them.  Anyway, I bought 2 other Alison Weir books because she just writes wonderfully.  Knowing this is history which can be boring, but not so for this wonderful book.  If you are a history buff like myself, you will love this book.  One thing though, I read my book on subway trains and on buses while I commute to work, and this book too heaaaaaaaaaaaavvvvvvvvvy!  I guess that would be only minus for this book.
0345350472|4.0|I really wish I had not seen the movie until after I had read this book. But it was Ridely's amazing vision of Blade Runner that made me want to read \\"do androids dream of electric sheep?\\" The film deviated greatly from the book, as many others here have also pointed out. I kept expecting several parts to play out in a certain way and they really differed - not that this is a turnoff. That said, I found the movie to be better than the book, not because the book is not enjoyable -because it is very much so - but because I felt the overall idea and ending has been done more tastefully in the film. You can also see how Ridley incorporated his original vision and interpretation of DADOES?, and by doing so took BR onto new dimensions.     I felt the book was overall very good. It had a deep build of characters (although I could not stop seeing Harrison Ford in my head, as detective Deckard...) and it also had sundry unexpected twists and turns. Part of the beauty of this book is that it makes you think a lot. You cannot help but ruminate about the depressing, dystopian world PKD has created. The concept of trust constantly yet implicitly keeps turning up in both the book and the movie. I highly recommend reading this book. NON-SPOILING SPOILERS AHEAD. Albeit thoroughly enjoying reading DADOES?  I had two problems with it, the first, and the lesser of the two, was that I thought the whole Mercerism (religion?) scenes were, well, beyond strange, and although they served a purpose in describing mankind's need to feel empathy and join in with others, they were nevertheless very weird. The second problem I had with this book is the way it ended, specifically and generally. In many ways the book ended where it started. It seemed like there was no real progress accomplished by the end of the book whereas in the film, Ridley went to great lengths to enhance the ethical issues, so at the end of the film, viewers had even developed empathy for androids. The ending of the book however, left no complex aftertaste, but rather, the initial attitudes in the book, that is, those of the unquestionable legal retirement of androids.
B000SFJWLU|5.0|Five Finger Death Punch's new cd is what metal heads have been looking for!!!  Be prepared to be surprised from track 1 thru 10!!!  It will become your favorite cd!! Lot's of heart stopping, pounding lyrics and guitar riffs! They have a new fan for life!!!
B00005JPY0|5.0|I believe that this is the best acting i have seen in a very very long time!  probably the best I have ever seen!  I havn't felt like this since Jordan made his last shot as a pro!  Top notch all the way!  There really are not any words to describe how SUPERB Heath was! Who ever seen the movie knows that Heath is the movie!  BOO YA!
B001DDBCUU|4.0|My girlfriend and I went to IMAX when this movie was released - making it a girls night out activity.  For those of you that watched Sex and the City it is a continuation of the television show and tied up the loose ends - though it would be great if there were more movies as they get older.  There were some really sad moments and some that had the whole theater (which was filled with women) in stitches - but I won't give those moments away.<br />While it may not be Oscar worthy and the writing may not be win any literary awards, in my opinion it provided something better. It was familiar and comforting, warm and entertaining.  Seeing it with a girlfriend makes it a terrific experience and one I recommend that you do.  Purchase the movie, send husbands/boyfriends away, make some deliciously fattening food and watch this with a friend/friends you love (which of course negates all the calories!!).
B00001P4RI|5.0|And while different from DCD music,  I too, as earlier remarked here,  cannot imagine DCD not being the sum of Perry and Gerrard or that there could now be 2 separate musical entities-and no longer a DCD. It would do my heart good to hear that they had reunited not just as a group-but as a couple-I sense some loss and longing in Perry voice-I think he may still be in love with Lisa. She has been very busy-has Perry been in mourning-or has he been involved in projects we dont hear about?   The music is haunting and engaging. Every DCD/4AD fan should have this.  Again it is very  hard to imagine no DCD as it is them being separated from it-and each other...
0307341550|4.0|This is a depraved little thriller, in a sick, small town underbelly kind of way. No big surprises, really, but it held my attention throughout and in the end I was interested to see what happened to the tormented characters, and that's always a good thing. Recommended.
1580176941|5.0|This book is great for a beginner or an advanced decorator. The book contains everything from delicous recipes to step by step directions to make gourmet looking cookies, and ideas for all sorts of themed cookies.    I love that it breaks steps down so that it is not overwhelming and seems easier to accomplish.    I could not reccomend this book more. It would be great for a gift as well!
B00003CXMG|5.0|To be completely honest, when I first saw this film about five years ago I was under-whelmed.  It had been hyped up and won all sorts of awards and received so much attention, and really I didn't see why.  I was disappointed to say the least.  Then last night I decided to give it another shot.  Removing myself completely from the hype and praise and just amercing myself into the film was a huge plus for me, and I walked away from the experience singing it's praises like a church choir.  The film moved me in ways I didn't remember the first time; its rich sense of honesty ringing through with every frame.  The script is so real and raw, which I attest to the fact that director Cameron Crowe wrote this as a semi-autobiographic tale, and that first hand insight really gives `Almost Famous' an edge as possible his best film to date (and that's saying a lot since he has always been a genuinely talented director).<br /><br />`Almost Famous' tells the story of William Miller (a fictional representation of Cameron Crowe), a young kid sheltered by his mothers iron fist, the same fist that drove away his older sister Anita.  At fifteen Miller gets the chance of a lifetime, to follow around the rockband Stillwater and write an article for Rolling Stone about the band on the road.  What he finds within their world is something starkly contrasts to anything he imagined.  It is a world that entices and appeals to him, but at the same time it's a world that conflicts with his inner person, especially as he watches the fame tear the band apart and take out innocent bystanders in the wake.  Stillwater is still trying to find its sea-legs so-to-speak and the process proceeds to shake up the members and all those in their company.<br /><br />The performances by most the entire cast is strong and lends much support to Crowe's vision.  Billy Crudup and Jason Lee are effective as the feuding band leaders.  Crudup plays Russell Hammond, the lead guitarist filled with mystery, the one that everyone wants to be with.  Crudup does a good job of filtering through his characters inner contempt for the corruption within his profession.  When he's speaking with William's mother in the phone you can read in his voice his disgust with the whole `fame and fortune' aspect of his life.  Jason Lee is slightly less effective as Jeff Bebe, the jealous lead singer of Stillwater.  I didn't think he could completely sell his character.  I've never been impressed with Lee to tell the truth, and while his performance is not `terrible' it is merely passable here.  He tends to try and oversell things, and it got on my nerves a tad.  Patrick Fugit still seems a little green to me (but then again, when this was made he was green, right?) but he has a feeling of honesty in his performance that works well for what Crowe was attempting.  Fugit comes off uncomfortable with his performance, which I think aids in creating the vibe that he is a real fifteen-year-old kid who, lets face it, is pretty uncomfortable with himself.<br /><br />The three standouts here though are McDormand, Hoffman and especially Hudson, all of whom raise the bar for the rest of the actors in the film.  Philip Seymour Hoffman is rarely seen moving around, but his grasp of his characters idealisms has a strong influence on the film.  Frances McDormand really gets under her characters skin (that of William's overbearing mother Elaine) and draws out such unrestrained emotion that you can't help but feel for her in every scene, even the ones she doesn't embody.  For every scene she is not though, there is Kate Hudson, who is so effervescent as Penny Lane I can't help but adore her.  Her innocent devotion to a machine that just wants to use her, a machine that doesn't care enough about her to deserve her unwavering adoration is just so raw and believable and sympathetically captivating I just can't help but fall in love with her.<br /><br />Truth be told though, this film is all about Cameron Crowe.  His stamp of reality is felt on every frame.  The audience is allowed to become completely absorbed into the world in which he himself was found at such a young age (at eighteen Crowe wrote for Rolling Stone Magazine, and this film is based on his `adventures' so-to-speak).  His direction is flawless, but even more amazing is the script, which bleeds on every page the smell of honesty.  It may not be my favorite script of the year (`You Can Count on Me' remains one of my favorite screenplays ever written) but it is certainly one of them.<br /><br />`Almost Famous' truly has that extra something (not to mention the amazing soundtrack), that honesty that makes it worth every second of your time.  Cameron Crowe really put himself completely into this picture, and the finished product is something he can truly be proud of, and something we can all praise him unflinchingly for.ame.  The audience is allowed to become completely absorbed into the world in which he himself was found at such a young age (at eighteen Crowe wrote for Rolling Stone Magazine, and this film is based on his `adventures' so-to-speak).  His direction is flawless, but even more amazing is the script, which bleeds on every page the smell of honesty.  It may not be my favorite script of the year (`You Can Count on Me' remains one of my favorite screenplays ever written) but it is certainly one of them.      `Almost Famous' truly has that extra something (not to mention the amazing soundtrack), that honesty that makes it worth every second of your time.  Cameron Crowe really put himself completely into this picture, and the finished product is something he can truly be proud of, and something we can all praise him unflinchingly for.
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|To be clear, MY 12C is 25 years old and still going!  I originally bought it for results validation when programming bond and money market price/yield calculations.  That software was used for next couple of decades in a variety of securities accounting, trading, and various other financial software suites.  That the 12C was (and is) regarded by traders and portfolio managers as 100% accurate for such purposes should give you an indication why this calculator has dominated the financial calculator marketplace among professionals. Back then, only a Monroe bond calculator (a very expensive desk calculator) would have been preferred over the 12C.  The 12C is still found on trading desks everywhere, though Bloomberg has become the reference standard for fixed-income.    The price in the early 80s was $225, and $75 now (plus or minus) - a bargain.  I still like the small size and rugged build.  One of the benefits of the small form factor is that it's convenient to bring along anytime you want basic payment calculations (for which the 12C has dedicated keys), as when making a purchase or in the real estate market.  I can run rate & payment scenarios on the fly as fast as necessary.      There are limits to what the 12C can reasonably do with its built-in calcs.  For example, while simple bonds are handled with the built in calcs (i.e., just plug in the parameters), non-standard bonds are accomodated at the expense of some programming.  Anything really bizarre might have you resorting to plugging in individual cash flows - tedious if you have a lot of them, and now better suited for a spreadsheet.  Basic variations around day count type, beginning/end of period-based discounting, date conventions, etc. are available with standard calcs.      This is a great, classic, and still highly useful calculator.  The newest version is the first I would consider to replace my original, plus the newer version is faster.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a Romantic Love stories Happy Ending!  Loved It!  The love of Bella and Edward does triumph over all that life and the un-known throw at them.  Stephenie does an amazing job of actually explaining the pull that Jacob and Bella have had for each other for the prior 3 books.  I am re-reading and the light bulb came on with a big OHHHHH I get it now!!!    Some readers need to remember that Stephenie said all along that this was a young adult book not a teen read.  I have read alot of fuss about the content which is not bad at all because Bella and Edward have grown up and are married now and so have the original readers that started with the series.  The content has grown along with the readers..      I do not like to give spoilers away but I do want to see a book now between Jake and Nessie and how their relationship will develop!!! Hint Hint Stephenie.
031606792X|5.0|I live in Mexico, so it took the book 5 days to arrive, during those days by mistake I read some spoilers, and I was terrified, I love the books so much and I was so scared that I wasn't going to like the book, that I would hate the ending, and you know what? I didn't, I actually loved it, it was a perfect ending, the character of Bella is full, she has a family for eternity, that's everyones dream.     After finishing reading the book, I don't understand why people complained, I think everyone had so much time in their hands and speculated so much that the end product wasn't what they were expecting, but for me it was, there's the love between Edward and Bella, she's a vampire, they confront the Volturi, Jacob finds someone to love, what else can you ask for?
B00005JM8V|5.0|In this carefully crafted documentary, Claude Landzman has shown all who have the willingness to listen and watch the tragic consequences of not believing ones own experience of events. Over and over the Germans, Poles, and others interviewed expressed their incredulity over what was transpiring before their very own eyes. Landzman is able to shine the light of day on the cultural anti-semitism that has become so pervasive in Europe that while it is expressed in genocide it is denied by those who witnessed, allowed and participated in it. The casual, matter of fact descriptions of the eye witness to mass murder are chilling. The attitude of the German guards, truck drivers and SS men is business-like. Over and over again the theme reverberates in the viewers mind, there were millions of people crying, screaming and then there was silence... a perfect silence. They were gone, they never were, where did they go. The Polish train engineer who had to get drunk everyday to go to work, the German Camp officer who spoke of his commander Capt. Wirth, beating his officers and men when they balked at their horrible tasks. The  relish some of these people showed some forty years after the events in describing the \\"primitive but efficient assembly line of death\\" at Chelmo, Belzec and Treblinka.<br /><br />The most remarkable feat of documentary cinematography is Lanzman's ability to capture the complete \\"normality\\" of these men and women. They do not fit the stereotype of the evil they perpetrated. The viewer will be amazed at the small scale of each of the murder camps and how hundreds of thousands of men, women and children were \\"processed\\" 50, 100 and 200 at a time.<br /><br />This film should be required viewing for anyone who hates in the plural, who dismisses Christian, Muslim, Jew, Romany, Gay, Mentally Ill or Mentally Challenged, Communist, Socialist, as not quite human. Yesterday it was us, today it is them, tomorrow it is you.
031606792X|3.0|Wow. People are tearing this book up. This is good, because that means I don't have to.<br /><br />Not that it's awful. At one point in the novel Meyer did redeem herself, but there was a moment somewhere in Jacob's narrative where I was wishing I was dead and buried. I hated the path Meyer was going down and the message she was sending. It was so different than the first few books. I didn't identify or empathize with the characters in this book like I did the first couple. I no longer found either Edward or Jacob desirable, and that shocked me. What did Meyer do so wrong in this book that made it just... mediocre... as opposed to incredible? I think a large part has to do with the fact that frankly she wrote herself into a lot of corners and didn't know how to get out of them... so this is what came out of her.<br /><br />That and the fact that it was a touch preachy overall. I get it. Sex is only good for procreation and other than that fairly useless... even if there was sex in the novel beyond Bella's conversion it felt out of place and tawdry because of that initial honeymoon bit where Bella had to beg Edward to sleep with her. And then she gets pregnant? Ok. Fine. Get pregnant. That's not possible with the vampire mythos that Meyer has already established but there's that whole \\"writing yourself out of dead ends\\" thing again... The refusal cheapens the rest of their love scenes post-change. Flat out. I didn't buy it after that.<br /><br />Meyer missed the mark. Flat out. It's not the worst thing I have ever read, though if I would have stopped it when I was stark raving mad at her I would have hated it outright. After all is said and done I don't hate it, but I certainly won't read it again. Now it has made me rethink if the rest of the series is as good as I remember. I think a reread of the first few books is in order. The first two I adored. The third started to slip for me, I do recall that (maybe that is why I had lower expectations for this book and others seem to be more enraged than I am over it).  But this... this is not even worth considering in the Twilight saga. It's just not great.nraged than I am over it).  But this... this is not even worth considering in the Twilight saga. It's just not great.
B0017MO10U|5.0|When I saw it first time I was under the impression that I was looking at some Oscar prize movie so I had to seen it once more just after ending... Sometime after first 25-30 minutes of the second view I realize that is on DVD... so no Oscar, too bad. It's better than the \\"ARK\\", better than \\"Children of the Gods\\" sometimes better than first one \\"Stargate\\" (Kurt Russel). Rick is great again, as usual... What can I say, it's not only for  Stargate fans, it's for anyone and anything...   It's just great. And I guess right now O'Neill asked ... what?!
B0013FYTA8|4.0|Upon first listen I find the latest offering from our Canadian rockers to be rather enjoyable. No, the tunes don't grab me as those from \\"Gasoline\\" did, but I see the band taking a different approach on this release. Here we find a greater number of ballads if you will, but we can also find a good balance in the heavier tracks. I think we find Tyler and the band still maturing and yet defining who TOAD really are. As usual we find the similarities and comparisons to Alice In Chains and Nickelback, but I enjoy those bands as well. I recall that many were initially critical with the release of \\"Gasoline\\", and may in this instance be rushing to judgement as well. I recommend this album as a decent rendering.
031606792X|4.0|This isn't going to be long.  I enjoyed the book as much as I did the others.  I'm a lot amused that people expected so much.  Did you read the first 3 books, and then expect something different?  Breaking Dawn is a fun, interesting, TEENAGE book.  I'm not sure why so many people expected it to be life changing or something.  Stephanie Meyers is a great author, it is a good story line, just take it for what it is and go read a classic if you want deep meaning.
0521673763|5.0|It's nowadays a very important tool for one who studies psychiatry, psychopharmacoly, the author made a very easy way to understand this important issue.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This was extremely entertaining and a great refresher for A,erican History.  It was well done and interesting
006085880X|4.0|I have heard so much about Jodi Picoult so I thought I would give her books a try.  I'm so glad I decided to read this one!  I could not put it down!  Even after I would put it down I would find myself thinking about it all day and couldn't wait to get home to read some more.<br /><br />This book stirred a lot of different emotions in me.  It made me sad, angry and happy.  I kept thinking \\"What if I were in Chris' shoes?\\"  I don't think I could handle being in the situation he was in.  And to lose someone you love so much.....it made me want to cry.  I haven't read a book this haunting in a long time.<br /><br />The book was a bit predictable and had a couple cheesy parts in it (especially the part in the courtroom where someone threw a tomato at Stephanie.  The book could have done without that because it was just so unrealistic) but I still really liked it (so much so that my sister and mom are reading it now too).  I plan on reading more of her novels.  In fact, I'm reading The Tenth Circle now and am liking this one too.
031606792X|5.0|I have been toying with the idea of picking up this series, but I normally tend to avoid anything overhyped for fear of disappointment. However, the bad publicity and backlash that \\"Breaking Dawn\\" has received has led me to buying all four books today. Way to go, Stephanie! You've created an entirely new audience by disappointing your old one!
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Excellent Sci-Fi Movie!    I can recommend this one very, very much!  One of the best Sci-Fi Movies, I have ever seen!    The series \\"Firefly\\" is as good.   All 14 episodes are very good!  But unfortunately the DVDs are not in Dolby Digital 5.1,   just Dolby Surround.       Other very good Sci-Fi movies, which I can recommend are (for example):    Aeonflux  Alien (Quadrilogy)  Aliens vs. Predator Requiem (unrated)  Battlestar Galactica (Almost every episode is good)  Battlestar Galactica Razor (Unrated Extended Edition)  Bladerunner - Final Cut  Doom  Starship Troopers I, II & III        Kind regards,     Mark-Stephan Wendt
0316143472|4.0|David Sedaris's most recent book of essays is as weirdly satisfying as his earlier efforts. He still plays the neurotic, extremely shy ex-pat, living in Normandy with boyfriend Hugh, afraid of his own shadow but having the ability to ferret out the weird side of every human interaction. In this essays, he explores artistic pretensions -- his own and his parents'; the terror of getting lost; getting picked up by an aggressively-friendly trucker; his coming out; the delights and irritations of flying first class; the crazy yet lovable lady next door; a long reflection on his efforts to quit smoking and drugging. He also treats us to the strange side of human existence -- urine leg bags, how and whether to greet the neighborhood pedophile; his arachnophilia that went as far as delightedly hunting and feeding flies to a spider; shopping for a human skeleton; sex-talking with an overly-enthusiastic immigrant NYC cabbie. Sedaris has become an expert at untangling and comically expressing the simultaneity of his emotions. A weepy airplane passenger causes him to feel him irritation, compassion, embarrassment and self-pity. While the oddness of his public persona makes for comedy, his inner life leavens it with pathos and insight.<br /><br />WYAEIF does not have the frantic edge of some of Sedaris's earlier works, but it is a hard book to put down. Some discomfort comes from wondering how much of his work is true, how much embellished and how much plain made up. Sedaris has more than enough material to have come from several lifetimes. Still, his wry voice and personal insights make him delightful to read, however much one feels like a voyeur perusing the wreckage of his life.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Excellent Sci-Fi Series!    I can recommend this one very, very much!  The best sci-fi series, I have ever seen!  (Battlestar Galactica is second best)    All 14 \\"Firefly\\" episodes are very, very good!  But unfortunately the DVDs are not in Dolby Digital 5.1,   just Dolby Surround. The movie \\"Serenity\\", however, is in Dolby Digital 5.1.    Although the series \\"firefly\\" is so good, the movie \\"Serenity\\" tops it.    I think almost everyone will enjoy \\"firefly\\" and \\"Serenity\\",   not just the sci-fi fans.      Other very good Sci-Fi movies, which I can recommend are (for example):    Aeonflux  Alien (Quadrilogy)  Aliens vs. Predator Requiem (unrated)  Battlestar Galactica (Almost every episode is good)  Battlestar Galactica Razor (Unrated Extended Edition)  Bladerunner - Final Cut  Doom  Starship Troopers I, II & III        Kind regards,     Mark-Stephan Wendt
B0011V7P0A|1.0|this is worth it if you don't have the 93 version, if you do don't spend $8 on the one exchanged song. go for anthology as its a much more comprehensive TP album. i'll be at the show in selma, tx in aug.<br /><br />later
0143038419|1.0|This book was selected by our book club.  Our club reads a variety of books, from classics to historical fiction.  The book we read prior to EPL was What is the What by Dave Eggers, which was a gripping, emotional and sometimes diffucult read because of the real tragedy that Valentino Achak Deng had experienced.  Proceed from that great read to Eat, Pray and Love.  Our group in its entirety really hated the book.  We could not appreciate the insight and humor that the author was trying to convey because all she did was cry, complain and whine.  We heard it was a great read, but our group gave it a 100% thumbs down.  The best part about our club meeting that night was the book inspired dessert and the iced tea served in jelly jars.
031606792X|5.0|if u lik the other books from the saga then ur going to luv this one its even better than the others. i read the whole book just lik the others and i luv it theres nothing bad about it
B001ACY8D2|5.0|Simply awesome, more happy songs than a normal Sigur Ros album but still just as mesmorizing.
B000002H97|1.0|All right, even I can admit that this was one of the first \\"metal\\" CD's that I picked up, right alongside Judas Priest's \\"Sin After Sin\\" and \\"Unleashed in the East.\\" This was a mere year and a half ago (yeah, little late to the party), and I thought it sucked then even after such little exposure to other music. AND I STILL THINK IT SUCKS NOW. In fact, this album almost ruined Metallica for me. I never even wanted to hear any other Metallica, I was so disappointed. It took me a whole six months or so til I gave in and bought Metallica's Master of Puppets on impulse. Now THAT is a metal classic! I'm so glad I bought that one! A lot of the songs seriously sound the same.     Now, WHY this CD sucks. It's just so boring. I don't even consider it metal, I call it \\"VERY hard rock.\\" Master and ...AJFA have no filler tracks, just an hour or so of kickass music! The Black Album is just 12 tracks of filler tunes that probably didn't make it in those previously mentioned masterpiece albums, so they just clumped them all together for this one. And a lot of the songs seriously sound the same. They all lack the ferocity and anger that overtook (AGAIN) Master and ...AJFA. (man, I just love those two, don't I?). The lyrics lack meaning, like--- OH FER CHRISSAKE YOU SHOULD GET IT BY NOW! Master of Puppets and ...And Justice for All are masterful thrash albums! Get THOSE instead! Even if you got them already, GET THEM AGAIN! You'll probably wear them out cuz they're just THAT awesome! The Black Album however, is a sold-out atrocity.
0143038419|5.0|I bought this book at a bookshop and then read the negative reviews here on amazon.  Feeling I had made a mistake I took the book back to the shop only to buy it again a few months later when a friend told me that no, the reviews were wrong and this is actually a fabulous book!  I am now in the middle of the book and can't say enough good things about it.  I am surprised by the vicious and judgemental attacks written here about Ms. Gilbert's inner-journey.  I find her personal experiences deeply moving and the attempt to cultivate self-compassion truly inspiring.  Why she left her husband or didn't feel ready for children is not our business - the point of the book is her personal inward journey and not a cultural review of Italy, India or Indonesia.  This book is about a life-crisis and how the author works through it.  I'm silently cheering her on as I read her book knowing that she has been brave enough to put her journey into print for those of us who can't.  Thank you, Ms. Gilbert, for a beautiful book.
031606792X|4.0|I read the entire Twilight series in a week.  I loved them but def had an increasing sense that Meyer's editors had sacrificed substance over the allmighty dollar as each book was released and got fatter.  I felt the same way about Harry Potter(I love Harry too by the way).    There were aspects of this book that were simply not necessary.  The whole Volturi thing was a bit much - the plot would have been fine without it.  Didnt need the baby either - too cutsey and Edward and Bella did not need her.  It almost took the shine off of their great love - as the reality of children often does!      I really loved some of the underlying themes here - particularly the theme of tolerance (vampire v werewolf, ie once they got to know each other they had to admit it wasn't quite the hatefest they had been brought up to believe in).  Goodness knows there is not enough of this in the world at the moment.    Twilight is one of my favourite books.  I enjoyed New Moon and Eclipse because I came to love the characters so much.  Breaking Dawn could have been much stronger with a decent edit and some streamlining.  Get rid of the crazy Volturi and lose the infant - they were superfluous.  Jacob would have gotten over himself without winning the 'consolation' prize - Bella always chose Edward no matter what.
B000Q66PXE|4.0|The first season is wonderful. Compared to other television shows, The First Season of Rome is very refreshing. Yes, there is gratuitous violence and sex, but it doesn't distract from the show and the content. In my opinion, these elements actually go a long way to depicting the brutality of the times. The characters are wonderfully crafted, especially Atia, Caesar, Lucius Vorenus, and Titus Pullo.     Another reviewer complained that they have annoying British accents which \\"do not fit because they are supposed to be Romans\\". I think the British accents work well, especially considering nobody speaks Latin anymore, and not too many people of the target audience speak Italian either. And I doubt any other English speaking accent would have been any better (could you imagine Australian? Or American? Or Irish? HAHA)    The Second Season of Rome is why I gave it only four stars. Something about it just wasn't as good as the first season. I am not able to quite put my finger on it, perhaps it was the death of Caesar (which had to happen, no doubt) or maybe it was the newer and older Octavian who I just could not come to enjoy watching (no matter how hard I tried).    Overall, it is still a great show. I personally think it should have ended after the first season. I gave it four stars because of the second season, even though it is still worth watching.
031606792X|5.0|Bravo! Stephenie!  I despise the harshness from other reviews!  I dare anyone to come up with a storyline as brilliant as this and placate everyone who reads it! Not to mention, keeping morals in check and teaching teens moral lessons as they read.  She did just that!  This was a great ending to an amazing masterpiece.    From the beginning Stephenie followed the classics, most of which end with a happily-ever-after theme, so I expected as much from this book.  It was wonderful to see how everyone's stories tied out in the end.  I was elated to see even Rose happy.  She has suffered for too many years, now she doesn't have to.  Its great!    I am proud of the fact that Stephenie stood strong to keeping it clean.  Sure Bella was a bit young, but she was an adult when she chose to marry Edward and they were both virgins when they got married!  How often does that happen any more?  And, we all know the time restraints Bella had here, who wants to look eternally older than your husband?  NOT ME!!!!      Once the baby grows up and starts her own life Bella has eternity to go to college.  I love that!  What a perfect lesson for women every where!Your life is NEVER over because you have children.           I really enjoyed the book.  I loved the tense situations, the build up of anxiety, and then to see that things were not as bad as what everyone thought...a nice dose of reality.  We all assume way too much when confronted with the unknown.  Those who choose to stick it out and stay strong usually can confront the climax and find it wasn't as horrible as what was expected.  Another great lesson, you do not have to panick when life throws a curve ball, trust yourself and your talents to pull you through.  Use your head, you don't always have to end a tense situation in bloodshed or an unnecessary war.    I love that Jacob imprints with Renesme.  What girl wouldn't love her own personal body guard when growing up?  Its a very romantic idea!  Then when you are old enough, tomarry that person who promised to protect you forever, its perfect!    I was not disappointed in the least bit.  The writers of old would have loved this story!  Again, BRAVO!!!!
B000069KGM|5.0|First albums can be tricky and they usually come in one of two forms: fully-formed or the first step to something else. Take Bruce Springsteen, one of my favorite rockers. While his first two records (Greetings from Asbury Park and The Wild, the Innocent, and the E Street Shuffle) are good records for what they are, you could argue that it was only with his third record, Born to Run, that Bruce arrived. That is, he got on record what all the fuss about his live shows was all about. The same holds true for David Bowie, Genesis, Peter Gabriel (solo), and other rock acts throughout the years.    In the former category, certain acts spring from the speakers fully formed. The Beatles come to mind. Hendrix of course. The Doors, the Police. The first records by these bands grab you by the collar and force you to reckon with them. This is what we are. We hope enjoy it. But if you don't, get out of the way because someone else behind you does.    This attitude is what is brimming over during the 12-song sequence that is Chicago Transit Authority (1969). Regardless of all the changes that have occurred in the past forty years, the eponymous Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) was, and still is, a force to be reckoned with. Some long-time listeners hear CTA now and lament the loss of one of the tightest bands in rock history. The seven members of Chicago, all in their early twenties, excelled at their instruments but, combined, created something greater than the sum of its parts. It created something magical. And it's all there for the listening.    When one thinks of Chicago, the one differentiator is the horn section. When the seven guys met, they had one mission: create a rock band with horns. Sure, other bands had horn sections but they were usually relegated to playing riffs in the background. Not so the trio of Walter Parazaider (saxes), Lee Loughnane (trumpet), and James Pankow (trombone). Together, they made up the fourth \\"voice\\" of Chicago, alongside Terry Kath's soulfulcry, Robert Lamm's smooth-as-silk voice, and Peter Cetera's clear-as-day tenor. Together on CTA, these four voices take you on a whirlwind tour of what is possible in music. And it all starts with an introduction.    \\"Introduction\\" is my favorite Chicago song. Period. End of story. And it's the first track on side one of CTA. It's a biography song, sung by Terry Kath, that lets the listener know who Chicago is and what they are all about. This one song almost has it all (the only things missing are Lamm's and Cetera's vocals). After two verses, you get this great syncopated rhythmic bridge by the horns over Danny Seraphine's wildly improvisational drumming. After a short break, the song segues into a nice ballad with the lead \\"vocal\\" handled by Pankow and his trombone. Loughnane's trumpet picks up where Pankow ends, melodiously taking the listener through an imagined summer landscape. And, lest you think Cetera is only a good singer of ballads, just listen to his moving and melodic bass lines throughout this slow section. All of this is merely prelude to Chicago's ace in the hold: Terry Kath's frenetic guitar work. This is where words like blistering and scorching come to mind as Kath gives the listener merely a taste of what's to come on the rest of the record. The rest of the song returns to a last chorus and then, the coup de grace: all seven instruments (including keyboards) join in on a final chord. The essence of Chicago is really all there, in one song. The cool thing is Chicago gave you 11 more `bonus' tracks.    Lamm's piano skills are featured in the intro to \\"Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?\\", a concert staple since the 60s and one of the most fun songs Chicago has ever recorded. \\"Beginnings\\" is next, with Lamm's silky vocals hovering over Kath's 12-string guitar strumming. Beautiful as a California beach. \\"Questions 67 and 68\\" establishes Cetera's tenor as a counter to Lamm and Kath and demonstrates, again, how the horns form the fourth voice.The twofer of \\"Poem 58\\" and \\"Free Form Guitar\\" are a one-two punch in the gut at the brilliance of Terry Kath's guitar playing. \\"Poem 58\\" is a ten-minute guitar jam surrounding a Lamm-sung love song. The background vocals of \\"I Do Love You\\" stayed in their subconscious, reemerging on the next record in \\"In the Country.\\" \\"Free Form Guitar.\\" What can you say about that? It's six minutes of Kath, a guitar, and amp, and noise. It's a shot over the bow at the rock world saying that Hendrix and Jimmy Page, as brilliant as they were, were not the only guitar gods out there.    \\"South California Purples\\" is a straight-ahead blues jam, here featuring Lamm's improve skills on the electric organ. After you have listened to the album version for awhile, check out the 15-minute versions on the fourth album, Chicago at Carnegie Hall. Back in 2003 when they remastered the Carnegie album, Chicago added a fourth disc of bonus material. There's a second version of \\"South California Purples,\\" also clocking in close to fifteen minutes. It's a treatise on guitar soloing and band cohesiveness. Chicago's Latin-tinged cover of Traffic's \\"I'm a Man\\"--complete with a 64-measure drum solo--shows off their ability to take someone else's song and make it their own.    The track \\"Someday,\\" the second-to-last song, shows off a side of Chicago that was prominent in the early days but has gone by the wayside in the years since: political commentary. Yes, the band that sings about inspiration, hard habits to break, and big surprises used to talk about bringing down the system. Don't think so? How about this quote from the liner notes of Chicago II: \\"With this album, we dedicate ourselves, our futures and our energies to the people of the revolution. And the revolution in all of it's forms.\\"    \\"Someday\\" starts with a recording of the chants outside the Democratic convention in Chicago 1968. The chants--\\"The whole world is watching\\"--has its own rhythm which seamlessly blends into the opening drumbeats of the song. The chanting reemerges later in the song, giving the listener the impression that Chicago the band agrees with the spirit of the black militants outside the convention hall getting beaten by the police. Some modern listeners will be sad that spirit died in Chicago. But look around. That spirit, the spirit of openness, of change, of the belief that the young really can change the world, died everywhere, not just in a band that now frequents the adult contemporary charts rather than the college music charts. The world changed, but Chicago persevered. (The chanting reemerges in the song \\"All the Years,\\" on their just-released album, Stone of Sisyphus. Here in this song, Lamm mourns the loss of that late-60s spirit and the opportunities lost.)    The last track is the coup de grace of CTA. \\"Liberation\\" is a 14-minute guitar jam. And I don't use that word \\"jam\\" lightly. If Kath's guitar work throughout the album teased at his prowess, if \\"Poem 58\\" and \\"Free Form Guitar\\" was a one-two punch, \\"Liberation\\" is the knock-out blow. Just listen. You'll hear Kath going everywhere, trying different things, and Serephine's drumming, Lamm's keyboard riffs, and Cetera's fantastic bass playing going along for the ride. The horns are mostly absent from this tour de force. But that's okay. This is Kath's time to shine and boy, does he shine brightly. As the song ends and you exhale, only then realizing you were holding your breath, read the liner notes about this song and you'll find a whole new meaning of awe: This track was recorded entirely live. The performance embodied in this recording is complete and uncut.    One note on the recording itself. I don't know recording technology at all but the sound quality is such that you get the impression all seven guys were in the same room at the same time recording these songs. It's a quality that isn't there starting with Chicago II and onward and it certainly isn't there in modern music. You get the organic listening experience with CTA. It's one to cherish.    If you have one Chicago CD in your collection, don't let it be a greatest hits compilation. You can hear all of those songs on the radio. Buy Chicago Transit Authority. Buy it for the great songs, the great vocals, the soaring horn charts, the frenetic guitar work. Buy it for the spirit of the times that wrapped up seven guys and made something special.    I have attempted to write my impressions of CTA but, honestly, the liner notes of their producer, James William Guercio, do a much better job of it. I'll end with his quote:        The purpose of this commentary, however, is an attempt at documenting the complete rejection of any name label, title or verbal reference relative to the performance contained herein. Corporately as well as individually, this artist endeavors to be judged in terms of contribution alone rather than through the tag affixed upon it. The printed word can never aspire to document a truly musical experience, so if you must call them something, speak of the city where all save one were born; where all of them were schooled and bred, and where all of this incredible music went down barely noticed; call them CHICAGO.  (excerpted from [...]
0783231032|3.0|This item was mailed to a friend direct..according to speed of another item I had ordered the same day, this item did not reach the same destination until 7 days later than the first and they were both ordered same day and 5 minutes apart.
031606792X|3.0|A self sacrificing heroine who is one-of-a-kind unique for her kind, beginning a new kind of existence/life, overcomes a love of two men by splitting herself in two. Against all odds, she survives to live happily ever after without having to sacrifice anyone she's ever loved.    A synopsis for Breaking Dawn or The Host? Both, actually. Having recently read The Host this past May, I embarked on rereading the Twilight series only to find myself struck by the many similarities between Stephenie Meyer's hit series and her new hit scifi. Convenient excuses for chastity, shared consciousnesses and mind reading, first person female narrative, and of course similar writing style. I brushed these off as insignificant because it's common for all writers, right? Jane Austen's books have a lot of similarities. But it got a little out of hand with Breaking Dawn, I think. Everything worked out a little too perfectly, as did The Host. Both books give you the separate kinds of passion for two men and are both able to reconcile those two loves to make everyone happy in the end. It seemed like Stephenie Meyer just cannot leave anyone heartbroken. That's probably why none of the lesser characters die, either, despite all the conflicts which each in turn came out anticlimatic. After all the build up, Renee isn't mad Bella gets married at 18? Charlie doesn't care that Bella is a vampire or has an \\"adopted\\" child? Sam doesn't hate the Cullens (or Jacob, for that matter) anymore a couple of days after he's sworn to kill them? Bella just gets to conveniently skip the newborn stage? The Volturi just back off with no fight scene? All a little too convenient. I do admit that Meyer does do a good job of justifying her resolutions, but I was really looking forward to a big fight scene at the end there. When Garrett was giving that motivational speech to the Volturi's witnesses at the end I was getting goosebumps in anticipation of some good old hand-to-hand combat. I did appreciate that cool \\"aha\\" moment when Alice showed up to save the day but couldn't they have at least shown off all their cool skills? All those gifted vampires... Oh well.     I know it sounds like I didn't like it but I really did enjoy reading. It was entertaining.
B000FS9FCQ|4.0|No quise leer el comic antes de ver la pelicula para luego no sentirme decepcionado, sin embargo ocurrio lo contrario, en algunas partes la pelicula supera en emocion al comic y realmente es de agradecer el poder volver a lo mejor de los Wachowsky, los de Matrix y Animatrix, no los de sus decepcionantes secuelas. En definitiva nadie olvidara el 5th of november. Eso si, se echan de menos los subtitulos en espa&ntilde;ol para los extras.
B00136LZ04|5.0|This is the best place to start when it comes to Beck's solo work. The material is top grade (including Stevie Wonder compositions like \\"We've Ended as Lovers\\" and Beatles' \\"She's a woman), with great production by the legendary George Martin, a top notch band, and most of all: tasteful, brilliant guitar by Jeff Beck. Each and every track--yes all of them-- is a fusion/instrumental guitar classic. Those who play guitar have probably seen every track transcribed in a guitar mag at some point. It's hard to pick a highlight from such a monster album, but if I had to, I'd say the emotion drenched guitar on the superbly executed \\"We've ended as Lovers.\\" Ever wondered why Beck is mentioned in the same breath as Hendrix, Clapton, Gilmour etc.? Check this out.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|What an amazing series.  Unlike most crime/mystery series I've fell in love with, such as CSI, this series delivers...each episode leaving you starved for the next peice of the puzzel.  For once, you, the viewer, are not treated like an idiot....  There was no holding back as far as plot goes, as you follow the stories of several well developed characters and their plights.  Mystery after mystery evolve as we follow the Miami PD in the fight against crime, We follow Dexter and his own taboo battle against the evils of the world, and of himself, and we follow the relationships of several other characters...and how their relationships bring cause and effect into heartpounding action with each new episode.  There is also an overlying story that leads to the season finale, where all hints and clues you've been left admist the smaller stories come to light.  WOW!    The cast is amazing and refreshingly new.  Michael C. Hall (Dexter) is an amazing actor who conveys much through expression and in some cases does not even need to speak to convey exactly what is going on.  If you aren't ready to purchase the series, I highly suggest you rent it and give it a fair shot.  As a fussy viewer, I like to feed the id but I don't like to cross the line into foul-mouthed pointless vulgarity.  I swear to you, this is the perfect mix between what reality has become, and what happens to that moral light inside all of us struggling to find a place.    The first season pretty much follows the books of Jeff Lindsay (unlike the second series :( ), and adds a great twist to the season finale.  OH, and lets not forget the ASTOUNDING Music by Mr.Licht, which sets the tone again and again as you watch.  A treat for the eyes, the ears, and the mind, give this series a shot!  Dare to let it raise the question within you about your own shadow self.  Is it evil, or is it a natural response to a society gone defunct?  A thin line we walk.
B00001OH7U|5.0|Throughout the course of his stellar, impossibly brilliant career, Bowie has released many albums that rank among the best music ever recorded. It is nearly impossible to say any one album is his best... but this one sure could be a contender. The breathtaking epic title track has been my favorite Bowie track ever since the first time I heard it around 8 years ago. It is somehow funky and creepy, uptempo and depressing and all sorts of opposite things at once. though 10 minutes long, the song never drags but builds and builds, with a great Earl Slick solo (boasting one of the wickedest pinch harmonics ever) and the whole band in a frenzy by the end. The next track is the great plastic soul classic \\"golden years.\\" It is funky, danceable and, like the entire album, finds Bowie exercises his considerable vocal talents (which were arguably at their peak during this era). \\"word on a wing\\" is full of passion and sounds desperate (and believe me bowie was getting a little desperate around this time). TVC-15 is one of the most unique tracks you'll ever hear, and is again (like the title track) kind of eerie while being simultaneously danceable and uptempo. \\"Stay\\" is one of my all-time favorite Bowie tracks, boasting great lyrics, haunting vocals, and scorching interplay between guitarists Carlos Alomar and Earl Slick (some of which is shortened, quite unfortunately, in the radio mix of the song included on hits collections and on the Christian F. Soundtrack). \\"wild is the wind\\" is the closer, and proves that Bowie can more than hang in there with any of the pop crooners that have less range, imagination and longevity than him. What else is there to say? this is an unspeakably brilliant album, that is a must hear for anyone and everyone!... especially those of you that think of Bowie only as a big-haired 80's pop star that wore really tight pants in Labryinth...
0743455967|5.0|This is a great book. The first half or so of it is mostly autobiographical and informs the reader how Stephen got into writing. The latter part of the book is more of an actual guide on how to write fiction. The very last part of the book recounts his life-changing accident.    I really like how Stephen writes - throughout the book I had a sense of direct communication with him. He describes writing as telepathy - and his is very effective. His humorous, honest and straightforward voice is constantly present. I also like that he unabashedly describes his particular and peculiar interests and always sticks to his guns regarding what he believes works.     If you're looking to learn how to write good fiction from a bestseller, and want to be entertained and engaged in the process, you ought to read this book.
031606792X|3.0|I love Twilight and New Moon the most out of this four book saga. Stephanie Meyer is an amazing author but I couldn't really stick to actually liking the final book (final from Bella's point of view not from the entire series). I got the book at the midnight release party and read it until 7 a.m., I didn't finish but I had about 50 pages left. The only part of the book that I can stand to go back and read is the book about Jacob. I would choose him over Edward (the book version but definitley not the movie version) and I have just stopped liking Bella's character since the end of Eclipse.
0765348276|4.0|This book bears a strong resemblance [though not a copy, by any stretch] to Heinlein's Starship Troopers. If you liked that, you'll like this.     Old Man's War is, in essence, about a bunch of senior citizens signing up for the space marines. Scalzi does a nice job of setting up the protagonist, with his wry-and-unappreciated sense of humor, in the first chapter or two. Unfortunately, two things happen almost immediately upon leaving Earth:  First, everyone John Perry meets talks just like him and has the exact same sense of humor. This is incredibly common nowadays, particularly with new authors, so maybe it won't bother you. Also, if you have the same sense of humor as everyone in the book, you should be fine.  Second, as soon as the seniors get together, they basically all begin speaking like 30-somethings, even before they become young again in fact. Later, they get rejuvenated as part of their service, but even so, this wouldn't change one's speech patterns. I don't know a single 75-year-old who is ironic. That is the hallmark of a younger generation.    Initial dialogue between the characters is somewhat forced, in my opinion. But none of it really matters once the plot thickens. The story is gripping. The protagonist's narrative is engaging, and the action is well-paced. Fight sequences are excellent. Premise aside (old people are the only military recruits) the universe is believable and you settle into it comfortably, almost immediately. You know just about as much as you need to know, and not a lot more. [The sequel, Ghost Brigades, reveals more details.] \\"Hard\\" science, when given, is explained at a high-school level. Take that as you will.    Other than the fact that none of the characters seem \\"old\\" at all--most speak, act, and feel straight out of mainstream TV targeted at 27-35 year olds--the book is essentially a fun, well-written story that leaves you wanting more.     For a first-time author, this book deserves 5 stars. The book is very good whencompared with the work of established authors, but not quite up to the 5 star level, which gets overused on Amazon, at least in the Sci-Fi/Fantasy field. Five stars would be a tie for works by Bradbury, Aasimov, and Heinlein, for example. 4 stars is an amazing achievement.    [VERY MINOR SPOILERS OCCURRING IN THE FIRST 10% OF THE BOOK]  As a pet peeve which I save for the end of the review, there is a memorable scene with a drill sergeant in which it is determined that the protagonist--John Perry--is neither a believer nor an atheist...what exactly is he then? I could care less what Perry's religious views are, it just seems very unlikely that he would have absolutely NO box to check under a \\"Religion\\" block on a form. Incidentally, in the modern world, your religion goes on your dog-tags for burials, so it is kind of relevant when the survival rate of the old man soldiers is less than 10%.  This belief/non-belief annoyance is further compounded because earlier, Perry quotes the bible word-for-word to the point of alienating his roommate. This is just incredibly unlikely for someone professing (?) to be a complete agnostic or whatever he's supposed to be/not be.
032147404X|5.0|I read this book with great pleasure. It is a must for every beginer.
B000000ZGO|5.0|This was just one of the classic albums put out by the late isaac hayes. His music will live forever, r.i.p. to a legend.
031606792X|1.0|a happy ending isn't bad, but it is so when its done unrealistically. story by itself maybe would get a two star result. but as a part of a series, all it does is drag the whole thing down. Meyer can do so much better than this. she just needs to make use of the  constructive criticism and move on.
B000VNMMR0|3.0|Live Free Or Die Hard is the epidemy of a summer action movie. Explosions, car crashes, cursing, and absurd over the top stunts are all here in spades. Not paticularly thought provoking or realisitc but enjoyable nonetheless. I'm a big fan of the other Die Hard movies due to there incredible action sequences, memorable characters, and direction. My major qualm with this movie wasn't the over the top action. But the characterizations. I couldn't believe that these computer nerds would have the motivation or Indignation to pull off a an attack of this magnitude. And Thomas Gabriel was the least intimidating villian in the Die Hard series yet. I also felt Bruce Willis's potryal of John McClane lacked the charisma and energy that made him so likeable in the previous Die Hard films. While I understand the grisled, jaded vet approach to the character. He just ended up looking bored to me.    I can appreciate the fact that internet security is increasingly important to people and internet terrorism is a real possibility. And this movie confronts the issue. I just wish it would've done it in a more believable manner. While I didn't find this movie bad or unwatchable by any means. I felt it lacked the substance and believability the past films had. But simply as a pop corn popper it'll have you on the edge of your seat through out as long as you suspend your disbelief and get past the characterizations.
B000FS9FCQ|4.0|\\"The people always have some champion whom they set over them and nurse into greatness. . . . This and no other is the root from which a tyrant springs; when he first appears he is a protector.\\"  -Plato    In the 1980s comic books took a revolutionary turn (one the likes of which had not been seen since the `60s and `70s) and became politically and socially relevant again. These were the days of conservative and consumerist values, when Ronald Reagan was president and Margaret Thatcher was Prime Minister. A Cold War was being fought and the lines between freedom fighter and terrorist, democracy and imperialism were quickly dissipating. It was in this political climate that David Lloyd and Alan Moore created [[ASIN:140120841X V for Vendetta]], a highly intelligent graphic novel series. V for Vendetta was brilliantly written and illustrated and helped to prove that comic books weren't just for children; they were literature. The film V for Vendetta is based upon the graphic novel and was written by the Wachowski Brothers ([[ASIN:B0002Y69NG the Matrix Trilogy]]).    \\"As in private life one differentiates between what a man thinks and says of himself and what he really is and does, so in historical struggles one must still more distinguish the language and the imaginary aspirations of parties from their real organism and their real interests, their conception of themselves from their reality.\\"  -Karl Marx    In a bleak totalitarian future, Britain has become a cesspool for corruption, conformity and brutality. People's civic rights are being severely violated by the government, under the leadership of Chancellor Sutler. The people are misguided, apathetic, and fearful of the harsh regime that rules over them but that's about to change. One night a young woman named Evey is caught by corrupt police officers after curfew. They intend to rape her but astonishingly (or predictably, if you're a comic book expert) she is saved by a costumed vigilante, who wears an antiquatedmask of [[ASIN:0385471904 Guy Fawkes]]. His name is V and he has a deep hatred of the current government, a hatred that was born when he was tortured and experimented upon. He invites Evey to join him on the rooftops fro a \\"concerto\\" which he will conduct himself. Reluctantly she agrees to go and there she watches in shock and amazement as V detonates the Old Bailey. The next day a police squad is sent to obtain her for questioning but V shows up and saves her... sort of. He takes her back to his underground lair where he makes her breakfast and asks her to join him in his revolution. She agrees but only does so with the intention of escaping. V uses Evey to gain access to his targets but she manages to get away. Soon she is caught and arrested. She spends months in a small gloomy cell being tortured and interrogated before she is released and learns to master her fear. Meanwhile Chancellor Sutler increases his power over the population by overwhelming them with misinformation in the media. He utilizes scare tactics and military force to keep any dissidents in line but the people grow quietly more rebellious. V has promised them a revolution will commence on November the 5th and he has planned to liberate them and avenge those who have been wronged. But is he a lunatic or a hero, a guerrilla freedom fighter or a monstrous killer? Maybe he is all of those things as well as being the only hope for ending Chancellor Sutler's wicked regime... and yet at what cost?    \\"One who breaks an unjust law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for law.\\"  -Martin Luther King, Jr.    The film is skillfully directed by newcomer James McTeigue and features an amazing cast including Hugo Weaving as V, Natalie Portman as Evey, and John Hurt as Chancellor Sutler. Other cast members include Stephen Rea, Stephen Fry, RogerAllam and Sinead Cusack.  V for Vendetta is a disquieting film, a film that is thought provoking and questions authority. It daringly asks questions about the world in which we live but it leaves us to find the answers. The film is understandably controversial, especially in the age of terrorism, distortion in the media, genocide, biochemical warfare and rampant political corruption. The story shows us the dangers of combining religious fanaticism, puritanical thinking, and social intolerance while handing the government complete control. The film certainly won't appeal to many conservatives or centralists. It's an extreme film that attacks extreme problems. Even Alan Moore disassociated himself from it, feeling that the screenplay was not faithful to his story*. Yet despite the film's many flaws it remains very relevant to the issues we face in modern society.    \\"You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.\\"  -Malcolm X    * For an interview with Alan Moore about his disapproval of the film adaptation, check out the following site:  [...]
B000XA5K4I|4.0|I'm the first to admit that this movie isn't for everyone.  You can tell from the reviews here how polarized the viewing audience is.  For what it's worth, if this movie appeals to you, you will enjoy it immensely.  If not, you'll hate it.  There's not a lot of middle ground.<br /><br />The movie is ultra-violent, yes, but in a cartoon violence way (if Bugs Bunny were R-rated that is)  It's over-the-top, extreme, and comical.  Yes, comical.  Some of the kills are outright silly and laughable.  That's what defines this movie.<br /><br />The action is incredibly well choreographed.  The scene involving the stairwell is just simply the most amazing action scene I think I've ever seen in a movie.<br /><br />Will you like the movie?  I don't know.  But give it a try.  You might despise it, and that would be understandable.  I hated Sin City but love this, so go figure.  I recognize the artistry behind it but don't actually like the movie.  For Shoot 'Em Up, I loved both.<br /><br />At the very least, even if you hate the movie, find the scene where Clive Owen is complaining about another driver not using his turn signal.  That scene is laugh out loud funny and well worth seeking out in the movie!
B0000TG9E2|5.0|Early on in Walt Disney's career, he had wanted to tell the story of Alice in Wonderland. As early as 1923 he had begun a series of [[ASIN:B000ATQYUG short films]], which featured a young girl in the role of Alice and integrated her live-action performance with animation. So it's no surprise that he wished to make a full-length film based upon [[ASIN:0517220776 Lewis Carroll's classic stories]]. What is a surprise is that, in 1951 when the film was finally released, Walt Disney was extremely disappointed. He felt that the film lacked an emotional center and that the characters were weak and unmemorable. Perhaps his discontentment was caused by his high expectations or maybe Walt simply didn't understand that the film was a masterpiece, but whatever the reason for his disliking the film, it has gone on to become a classic (of all of the films made while Walt Disney was alive this, [[ASIN:B00003CX9W Fantasia]], [[ASIN:B0007Z9R7A Cinderella]], [[ASIN:B0013ND30M Sleeping Beauty]], and [[ASIN:B000YERP2S 101 Dalmatians]] are my favorites).  The story, which combines elements from [[ASIN:0141439769 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass and What Alice Saw There]], was unfairly criticized for deviating from Lewis Carroll's original text. But of all the film adaptations inspired by the Alice books, this is one of the most faithful to the spirit and essence of the books despite the many changes to chronology and the deletion of many sequences. Disney's Alice in Wonderland is a delightful, song-filled and beautifully animated adventure into a world of nonsense and absurdity.    The story begins with Alice, who's grown tired of her lessons in history, daydreaming of a world of her own; a world where flowers talk, where animals behave like people and people behave like fools, a world where the laws of physics wouldn't apply. Suddenly her fantasy is intruded upon by a white rabbit, dressed in his finest and carrying an umbrella and pocket watch, who frantically intones, \\"I'm late, I'm late, I'm late!\\" Intrigued, for she has never met a talking rabbit before, Alice runs after the White Rabbit and crawls into his rabbit hole. Within the dark confines of the hole, Alice blindly progresses until she finds herself plummeting into a dark abyss. She falls and falls and falls, all the while taking notice of her strange surroundings. When she finally lands she continues her pursuit of the White Rabbit until she comes to a door. The Doorknob insists that Alice is much too big to fit through such a tiny door, so he suggests that she drink from the bottle on the table, which appears out of nowhere, and then will change size. Alice drinks from the bottle and shrinks until she's just the right height to fit through the door when the Doorknob tells her that he is locked and that the key is on the table far above them. This is remedied when a box of cookies magically appear and when Alice takes a bite she grows taller than ever before. Though she can now reach the key, she's no longer able to fit through the door and thus she begins to cry. Soon her tears form an ocean and when Alice drinks from the bottle and shrinks again, she lands in this ocean where she is eventually carried to shore. Now her adventures really begin as she meets one bizarre character after another. First she meets the sea captain, Dodo Bird and then the mischievous brothers Tweedledee and Tweedledum. Soon she catches up to the White Rabbit only to face greater obstacles. She encounters talking flowers who think she's a common weed, an erudite caterpillar that gives her lessons in grammar, and she meets the mysterious Cheshire Cat, the Mad Hatter and the March Hare. She discovers a kingdom of playing cards that are ruled over by the cruel Queen of Hearts, who demands obedience or else threatens beheading. Alice's Wonderland becomes a surreal nightmare and she barely manages to escape the only way she knows how, by waking up.    This DVD contains a glorious restoration of the film as well as numerous bonus features including a Virtual Wonderland Party, two Sing Along Songs, Adventures in Wonderland set-top game, a newly discovered Cheshire Cat song, and the classic Mickey Mouse cartoon, Thru the Mirror. Also included is Walt Disney's first televised program One Hour in Wonderland, two theatrical trailers, two television introductions by Walt Disney, a behind the scenes featurette, an excerpt from the Fred Waring Show, deleted songs and storyboard sequence, and an art gallery.  With all of these features this DVD deserves a place on your shelf of Disney favorites. However Walt Disney Home Entertainment has discontinued this wonderful 2-disc Masterpiece Edition of Alice in Wonderland so if you are fortunate enough to come across a copy, I would urge you to buy it as this will in all likelihood be the final DVD release of the film. The future versions will be in the Blu-ray format.
0060012234|3.0|\\"Geography Club\\" is a quick read, but one with well-developed characters and a very interesting set-up. Through a revelation and brief series of very believable events, a small group of gays kids at an 800-student high school meet, without anyone else knowing. But they're from different cliques and being seen toegther in the cafeteria or the local pizza parlor or the park would make classmates wonder what the hell that odd collection is doing together. So they create a club so boring that no one else would join. And it works. So, too, does the book--until the last 20 pages or so. Things are wrapped up too fast and too neat. I imagine the \\"nice-and-neat\\" wrap-up is due in large part because this book is aimed at young adults (though it's a good read for all ages) and the author is the founder of a gay and lesbian support group for young people. So he wants to give kids hope. But a dose of reality would have been good to mix in with the nice-and-neat ending. (Though I was glad to see that one relationship did indeed end, so that the entire ending wasn't too clean.) It's a serious but enjoyable look at dealing with sexuality in high school. And the author presents very real situations giving characters very real predicaments to solve. While the choices they make throughout the book are so very real, unfortunately, the ultimate resolution of the story is a bit too much to be expected of the situations and teens in those situations. Still, I'll give this book three out of five stars and a recommendation. It's a very enjoyable read with very likable characters.
031606792X|2.0|Like many others, I was sorely disappointed with Breaking Dawn. I loved Twilight, adored New Moon, and thought Eclipse was pretty good too, despite my dislike for Jacob's character change throughout the story.  However, Breaking Dawn just has a different tone from the first three installments, and I just do not care for the direction Meyer took this final installment in.  I was turned off by the pregnancy story line, but to have Jacob imprint on the baby?  I literally put the book down for a few days before deciding I was too curious to see how it was going to end.  From that point, I found the book oddly predictable, in contrast to the wild twists and turns of the first half.  Keeping in mind that the book is of the Young Adult genre, I could not recommend this 4th installment of the Twilight series, which is disappointing considering how I raved about the first two novels to so many people.
031606792X|4.0|Isn't it amazing to see the passion of the twihards still there.  I think it is important to remember that this is not our story to tell, it belongs to Stephanie and we are but the flies on the wall.  So what if she decided to make it possible for Edward and Bella to have children...it is her world, her book to do with it as she chooses.  We have no ownership in her story.      As far as her life ending too perfectly...didn't she go through enough in order to deserve this amazing life!  I've always felt that because I went through all of the crap of my youth I somehow deserved to find my perfect match and I did!  If it can happen in the real world why not in fantasy?      I've always felt the books were a little predictable, but well worth the read and the connections it has helped me forge!  I don't understand how but it has helped mend bridges once thought to be burned!  So thanks for the story time Stephanie, we have surely enjoyed it in my family!
031606792X|3.0|It wans't a great ending to a good series--rather trite and happily ever after, but okay.
0316143472|5.0|His human experiences about everyday life are hilarious. He's the type of author I would love to have as a friend since he takes the most mundane and ordinary things in life and turns them into hilarous adventures!
0123694965|5.0|jesse schell has drawn from an amazing diversity of perspectives to illustrate how games are created.   this is a seminal book on the art of game design.
0385486804|4.0|Ordered for high school summer reading assignment for two of my boys.  They enjoyed it well enough.  I was impressed with how fast it arrived after I ordered it.
B00000K19E|5.0|I can't believe that it's been 9 years since this movie's release.  I remember my date and I talking about this movie for hours afterwards.  The whole concept was so fresh and imaginative...and deep.  I think the greatest crime was for the powers that be to turn the film into a trilogy.  I saw the second movie and never saw the third.  That's how much they ruined it for me.  Keanu, an extremely lucky and untalented actor, turned up gold with this script.  The art direction and graphics still manages to impress and even after all this time, the action and suspense of this film is still razor blade sharp.  Excellent filmmaking.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|Wow. This film kicks ass. It's even better than Batman Begins.<br /><br />This is a real batman movie. And the joker is a real villain--someone who scares you, not someone you laugh at like Nicholson's Joker. It portrays the batman as a vigilante, not a superhero--which is much truer to the comics, which, after all, is where the Batman came from.<br /><br />The film is not perfect; the role originally filled by Katey Homes is sorely missing her talents. Her replacement only looks like her, and the shoes that she's filling are still a few sizes too large.<br /><br />Morgan Freeman reprises his role as Mr. Fox, the brain behind Wane Enterprises, a role that has never been fully developed in the previous films--and does an outstanding job.<br /><br />The technology that batman uses has a wow factor, but is also technologically realistic. Michael Cane also returns as an outstanding foil for the emotionally troubled crime fighter, as his butler Alfred.<br /><br />And most importantly, how can we forget the Joker. The real star of this film. Heath Ledger is a shoe in for an Oscar for best supporting actor. His acting take what could have been yet another disappointing costumed superhero film, and raises the bar. It's hard to find in an age where profits are the bottom line for creating a movie, but this is a return to true cinema.<br /><br />The real strength of this film, and to a lesser extent its predecessor, is how it explores the dynamics of personal responsibly, and that of society as a whole--when dealing with the failings of our modern justice system. When police cannot catch criminals, and more importantly, the justice system refuses to prosecute them; who can the average person turn to to feel safe?<br /><br />The Batman of course.<br /><br />But when a new criminal comes to town, the Batman will have to choose to be the hero that Gotham city wants, or the one it needs. After all, when you place yourself above the law to fight crime, it won't be long before you become a criminal.<br /><br />And that is what this film essentially is. The story of the fall of Batman as the hero of a city, as white knight--and the rise of a costumed killer...The Dark Knight.<br /><br />Watch this movie and you'll understand.<br /><br />After thirty years, we finally get to see the real Batman.ially is. The story of the fall of Batman as the hero of a city, as white knight--and the rise of a costumed killer...The Dark Knight.     Watch this movie and you'll understand.     After thirty years, we finally get to see the real Batman.
B000026FJ6|4.0|I originally(many years ago) bought this on tape,I must have let someone \\"borrow\\" it and it was never returned,and so this CD was like visiting an old friend who I had not seen for years.It is still very good and really worth listening to(unlike some of his later rubbish)
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved Breaking Dawn and thought it was a beautiful end to Bella and Edward's story.  I can't wait until the release of Midnight Sun...it will be incredibly interesting and gratifying to read Edward's side of the story.  I hope Stephenie ignores all the negative reviews of Breaking Dawn and continues with the Twilight saga...either with Nessie and Jacob's story or some of the other characters.  Of course, I wouldn't mind another Bella and Edward series, either!
B000002UB6|5.0|Often reviewed as a sloppy album it nevertheless is historic for the fact that they split up after this album. I am a Beatle lover, so I like most of their songs, but \\"Let It Be\\", \\"The Long and Winding Road\\", and \\"I Me Mine\\" ( from George) are classics. It's a must have for Beatle fans.
031606792X|1.0|There must have been some incredible pressure to ride the fantastic wave of stardom from Twilight to writing the last installment, Breaking Dawn. I only wish she would have waited for the movie to come out first before releasing this one. I don't believe the movie will stand a chance now. We were all so looking forward to it! I am embarrassed for exposing my teenage, next door neighbor to this. The first three books were okay, but when Stephanie got into the sex and ridiculous pregnancy right off the bat I was appalled. It just got twisted and worse after that. I am in disbelief! We all thought Ms. Meyers would NOT take the easy way out for Bella. That she would chose life in the end and become somewhat heroic sending a better message to our youth.     Ms. Meyers had said in an interview that this last book would be fashioned after Shakespeare's \\"A Midsummer's Night Dream\\" and another book which she could not divulge. As I was reading with hopeful enthusiasm in the opening chapters, my guess for the other book has to be \\"Rosemary's Baby\\". I was sickened. Why? What made her think that she had to lower her standard to make the book engaging in her estimation. Like I said, outside forces? There was so much that could have been done! I truly do feel for her and all the pressure she has had to endure. The public is a huge machine that can make or break you. Not to mention the boys upstairs in NY who own you.    I don't think it is too late to write another ending. Movies do it all the time. Be the first in history to admit this is not your best work and write another ending that makes Bella redeem herself...and you, too! I'm behind you 100%.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Joss Whedon's Firefly series is an enigma.  It's not hard core science fiction - pistols in space?  But it is strangely addictive not only to science fiction fans but anyone who enjoys a good yarn.<br /><br />I originally approached this series skeptically after hearing about it from a friend.  However, after buying the box set the next thing I knew I had stayed up all night going through episode after episode.  Why?  In all honesty some episodes were better than others and I found I preferred ones written by either Tim Minear or Joss Whedon though I enjoyed them all.  But here are some other reasons.<br /><br />The ship, I love the ship!  But how?  No laser guns, no weapons at all - it's a cargo ship - rather a smuggler's ship.  This is the type of ship that the just emerging space travelers from some distant unknown and unnecessary planet would have on any other series, but on Firefly it is a character of it's own.  Whedon's interior is masterfully perfect for the characters that man it.  It's an electic mix of furniture where the majority of the vessel looks like my great grandmother's house in rural Indiana.<br /><br />Wash's (Alan Tudyk) pilot station is personalized like any cube in corporate America.  Contrast this with Inara's (Morena Baccarin) shuttle where she conducts her \\"companion\\" activities - again perfect.  Whedon made a great choice when building the set to have it be one complete set.  The camera follows the characters throughout Serenity in many scenes and this makes the entire story come to life.<br />But it's obviously not just the ship but those inside.<br />The character development throughout the series is what will keep you coming back for more.  This is what is so sad about the death of the series.  Serenity the feature film brought some closure in some areas but far too abrupt.  Therefore, I'm left with re-watching the same episodes over and over wondering what might have been.<br /><br />So I guess like many of you out there, I too am Browncoat.  You can't stop the signal!
031606792X|5.0|I read this book and could not put it down as with all her previous books.  I laughed in so many parts.  My heart sped up in so many parts.  I dreamed of the story when I slept.  Stephenie had come up with such unique twists that I would never even thought would be brought up.  I was like............THIS LADY IS AMAZING!!!  I loved the way she captured what I think ended just as it should have ended.<br /><br />I'm trying to pick up and read another book, but unfortunately I want to read BD all over again.  After reading any of the Twilight Books, I've always had a hard time reading anything afterwards.<br /><br />She is my ULTIMATE FAVORITE AUTHOR EVER................ Please keep this story going.  I can't stop reading them.  LOVE LOVE LOVE this series!  Thank you for being such a great writer!
031606792X|5.0|*Spoilers abound* I really don't understand all the hatred for this book. To me, it was a fabulous ending for the story of Edward and Bella, and the best one of the series. 5 stars for me, every single star well deserved. One friend told me after finishing the book, that it felt like Stephenie herself hadn't written it, and I never got that feeling. Others are appalled that this book every got published and I don't understand why. I personally loved the story, from start to finish. Loved the view from Jacob's perspective in the middle. Loved all the characters, ALL of them. Yes, Bella's daughter is named Renesmee Carlie Cullen and yes, her nic name is Nessie and yes, Jacob imprints on her. Yes, this final story is a little more graphic and fantasy-driven than her previous books. But it's gradually been leading up to it, from the very beginning. Edward couldn't read Bella's thoughts, Jacob was just a friend but felt a special bond with her, and there was just a little bit of real action near the end. With each book, the action, the relationships and the reality of the story evolved, but anyone really reading into the books should be able to understand that this is where her story was going the whole time. The author started this story with a dream, but she had it planned out where she wanted it go by the end. So don't hate on her for having the guts to share her story. You all loved it until you didn't get what you wanted, whatever that was. I thought it was a great ending. I appreciated the variety of the story, the twists and turns of the plot that made it exciting and surprising. I'm not sure what everyone wanted, how they wanted it to end. Sure, there's flaws and hiccups in the story, but Stephenie is just human. No one's perfect. Only Edward is. ;)
0312330871|5.0|This may be the greatest mystery ever written.  Among Christie's books I prefer the elegant solution of Murder on the Orient Express, but the atmosphere and suspense of this book are greater - people being picked off one by one on a remote island was a great conceit and as you read you will yourself to read faster.<br /><br />A great place for a novice mystery reader to start.
B000AC5B0M|5.0|I FELL IN LOVE WITH JANACEK AFTER WATCHING THE FAMOUS NYCO PRODUCTION OF \\"THE CUNNING LITTLE VIXEN\\" WITH SETS BY MAURICE SENDAK.  ON RECORDS, THIS MUSIC BELONGS TO ELIZABETH SODERSTROM AND SIR CHARLES MACKERRAS.  THIS BOXED SET OFFERS 5 DEFINITIVE RECORDINGS OF JANACEK'S MOST FAMOUS OPERAS. THE CASTS INCLUDE OTHER JANACEK SPECIALISTS SUCH AS LUCIA POPP, EVA RANDOVA AND WIESLAV OCHMAN.  THE ONLY DRAWBACK, THERE ARE NO LIBRETTI, ONLY PLOT SUMMARIES (THUS THE COMPLAINT BY THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER)<br />NEVERTHELESS, YOU WILL NOT GET A MORE IDIOMATIC, VIVID RECORDING OF THESE OPERAS THAN WHAT MACKERRAS HAS TO OFFER.  JUST LAY BACK AND ENJOY!
0385340990|5.0|I really enjoyed this book - it was funny, touching, sad and memorable.  I only wish we had more to read from Ms. Shaffer.  I will be passing this book on to friends and then looking forward to getting it back to read it again.  Great book.
0739358049|4.0|I haven't read through the book yet but the cover and overall condition is good.
B0013HA838|4.0|This is a beautiful production, staged by David McVicar. This stage direction is a plus. Under this direction, Le nozze di Figaro is more a comedy and less a tragedy than the Claus Guth/Harncourt's production from Salzbourg. In addition it includes one of the best performance of Dorothea Roschman's Contessa.   The negative point is Mia Persson's Suzanna whose soprano is not rich enough for this role.
031606792X|5.0|I am 30 year old mother of three. I have loved these books from the start. I don't understand what is  making people so angry. So, Bella didn't go to college. WHAT? We are talking about a book that is complete fantasy. She is married to a vampire for gods sake! Yeah, there was some weird moments. Yeah, it was more gruesome then the others. BUT it was AMAZING! My heart is breaking right now for Stephanie Meyer. All the \\"FANS\\" that have been so nice to her through the years.......Now ripping her to pieces. SHAME ON YOU! SHAME , SHAME! Honestly I could go on and on. I am completely in a state of unbelief that people are mad at the little things that shouldn't even matter in a VAMPIRE book. Get real people. This book deserves 10 STARS.
B00004THAY|5.0|Not completely a crossover album, since Clapton is almost as closely associated with the blues as is King. But the age difference, difference in era, styles and voice types makes this a unique project.<br /><br />Most interestingly is the heavy, \\"opinionated\\" musical styles of both artists. At times, there is an ungraceful colliding of voices as beef smacks up against beef. But instead of being uncomfortable and strange, it's like a couple of blues masters jamming together.<br /><br />It's the guitarists who will likely find this album most interesting. The combination of steel & acoustic styles and sounds blend into a sweet sound, requiring only a snare drum and organ (Key to the Highway) to make it the perfect accompaniment to the soulful voices. It's almost like master and star student are performing together. They seem to work together as one, yet each incorporating their distinct ideas into the album.
B0015I2P0Y|5.0|Really, really good band. I hadn't heard of them until I saw them on \\"Live from Abbey Road\\". I got the album right away and it is one of my favorites this year. Very tight band with a very good lead singer.
6305308659|3.0|Pleasantville starring Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon is a good comedy/drama but I was expecting so much more. The two leads are so talented and Joan Allen and Jeff Daniels bring realism to their roles. The problem I have with this film is the slow pace, it feels too long and dragged out and the black and white is kind of distracting when color is introduced halfway into the film. Interesting flick but poorly excuated.
0143038419|2.0|I am listening to the audiobook version of this (which is narrated by Elizabeth  herself).      So far the odds of me finishing this book are not looking good.  I feel as though several times a chapter I want to tell this woman to shut up.  Stop babbling on and on about your personal attributes and how well you can make friends, what color your hair is, what your boring, normal childhood was like.  I find no inspiration whatsoever in this story.  Her humor is not funny to me and has actually made me cringe several times.      To sum up, I feel that this COULD have been an amazing journey through words.  But the author (and her editors) really missed the mark on this, getting too caught up in the author's narcissistic ramblings and not sharing the beauty and spirit of her travels.    Very disappointing.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|Ok enough with the cutting edge cinematography! The story was recycled.  The EFX were dreadful. A perfect movie for the lemming, cubicle commando, mochachino guzzling generation Y kids. It makes you dizzy and feeling broke.  Sort of like a bad night in TJ . As if Mathew Broderick didnt screw up the last American giant monster movie enough. Save your money dont buy it!  or better yet buy a BOOTLEG!
031606792X|5.0|I love books with happy endings and I was happy to read that Bella and Edward got their happy ending.  I read fiction to escape the real world and I thought that Stephenie Meyer stayed true to all the characters and the Twilight Series as a whole.    Those people that feel that Bella isn't a good role model for young readers. SHE ISN\\"T!! SHE'S FICTIONAL These are not real people, but characters.     There are a lot of haters in this world and I would like to say HI HATERS.This was the perfect ending for one of the best vampire romance stories that I've read.
031606792X|5.0|Some readers have been troubled by this fourth and final installment of the series...I am not one of them.  I loved it.  With the popularity of two very different male leads, it would have been impossible for Stephanie to please all of her fans...Also, some readers have been unhappy with some surprising plot twists [partially because they may be less than completely congruent with the series mythology]. I am easily able to set those concerns aside when enjoying a book from this great author.  As the saying goes, \\"You can't please everyone all the time.\\" However, this loyal fan found this big book highly entertaining. Brava!<br /><br />Michael Travis Jasper<br />author of the novel, \\"To Be Chosen\\"
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn.  I admit I was worried after I read some of the reviews, I was afraid that I might not like it.  But I  loved it, I am sad that I am done reading it and it is all over.  I think that Stephenie did a great job with her writing, I was definantly not dissappointed.
031606792X|1.0|This is a fourteen-year-old female, who in all rights should be part of Twilight's fanbase, cheering for Breaking Dawn and commenting on the absolute hotness (or coldness, it depends on how you look at it) of Edward. But, unlike my other friends the same age as I am, I am more mature and able to comprehend what this series is truly about.    When I first began reading the Twilight series, recommended to me by my best friend, I loved it. I admit it; I was hooked. I eagerly ran to Barnes & Noble to buy the entire book set, and from then on I dreamed about Edward, frequently went on-line to check for updates, told off people who dared to go against the Fanpires. I remained in this trance for around six months when I finally (there is no other phrase for it) woke up. I realized how one-dimensional Meyer's characters were. I realized the amateur quality of the writing. The latter could be explained away as a hindrance of Twilight being Meyer's first published book, but it still remained true. As a thirteen-year-old, I could easily write better than she could. So, I did not buy Breaking Dawn -- rather, my deluded older sister, who remains part of the Twilight fanbase, did. Although I knew it would be just as horrible as the other books, and it would disappoint me to see how it rose to the top of the bestseller list despite its flaws, I read it anyways just to see if Meyer redeemed herself.    I was let-down in that, also. The book did not even meet my incredibly low expectations.      The first seven chapters were from Bella Swan's POV, just like the previous three books (with an exception of Eclipse's Epilogue). As per usual, Bella was whiny, ungrateful, and immature; I was expecting that. However, I was not planning on a perfect, idealistic wedding and honeymoon. In my opinion, the wedding was pure wish fulfillment on the part of the author. The honeymoon was the same exact way -- a secluded private island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, with maid service included!And, obviously, no honeymoon would be complete without some wonderful sex scenes (all taken out, of course). Everything is going perfectly until Bella starts throwing up and sleeping too much.    So Bella turns out to be pregnant! I'm not going to be one of the people who say that Stephenie Meyer went against the rules of her own world. She didn't. In a question asked to her on the Twilight Lexicon website, now hacked, she said that: female vampires cannot have children due to the fact their body cannot change, and that most fluids in the body turn to venom. That is discreetly tip-toeing around the question. And it is also wrong of her. I remember when I read it months before the book came out and I noticed those key words, but I thought nothing of it because it left the interpretation to be inferred. If you do not want to come right out and say something, you say, \\"I do not wish to answer.\\" You do not beat around the bush and leave readers to simply infer, because when they come up with the wrong thing, they will blame you. Meyer said everything BUT that male vampires are infertile, and that was an extremely bad decision of her to tread such fine ground.    So, Bella is pregnant, and she feels joy. If I were an eighteen year old pregnant, I would be horrified. I would be worried sick about my health and the baby's. And then these feelings should be magnified, if anything, because she has been pregnant all of 3 weeks and is already showing! I would wonder if something was wrong; I wouldn't even be able to think straight. A protective nature and joy would not be my first reactions whatsoever. I might be happy later, but not immediately. It would take time for me to accept the fact and make a reasonable decision upon it.    If I were Rosalie, I would want to help Bella, but I would also be very jealous of her. The thing I want most in my life belongs to this plain-jane girl. Meyer could've embodied this trait, but she chose to ignore it rather than show it.    Jacob's POV was not quite so bad as Bella's, simply because Jacob has more character and does not have an annoying martyr complex like Bella does. Still, this was not good at all either. meyer could've really expanded on Jacob's emotions, really talked about it, and yet she didn't. We as readers might infer what Jacob's emotions were, but they weren't exactly shown properly. Jacob would be feeling so much jealousy, so much anger, so much of a need to protect Bella...these emotions would taint everything he does. Jacob should've just had a moment where he just went off, collapsed under it all, but he didn't.    As for Jacob describing Bella as trying to make jokes even when she is dying -- I have never seen a trait like that from her. She always is whining about things, she doesn't try to make jokes a lot. The jokes she does make are not funny. Jacob said one true thing about Bella; that she has a martyr complex. Only it is not good at all.    The pregnancy and birth scene. That was just sick. Horribly sick. I could feel myself almost throwing up when I read it. Honestly? Those scenes were more \\"adult\\" than what ANY sex scene could ever be. It was disturbing and wrong on all levels of the words.     I am not really going to emphasize the pedophilia of Jacob's imprinting on someone 16 years his junior (I mean, if I wanted to talk about pedophilia, I should be debating Edward and Bella), but I will talk about the general sickness of Jacob imprinting on Renesmee. (First of all, what a name! Combining names through Mormon tradition! I NEVER knew Bella was Mormon!) Anyways, that was just Stephenie Meyer trying to wrap up her series all cute and cuddly, with everyone satisfied. Team Jacob is NOT satisfied, because it is wrong. It may explain why Jacob and Bella were so close to one another, but him imprinting on her baby? What a story! \\"Oh, yeah, when I was your age, I wanted to do your mom.\\"  !!!!!!! One day, Jacob is just Renesmee's best friend. The next, a lover? Sick.    I thought the story may pick up with Bella all vamped up. Not hardly! During the \\"change\\", there was only one feeling during the entire thing, and that was fire. Fire fire fire. Was there not another word to describe it?     So, Bella is a vampire, and I was expecting newborn out-of-control lust for blood. But, because Bella is just SOOOOOO special, she can control herself better than any newborn vampire ever has! How amazing! Not. It would've been nice if we had an explanation for this. Stephenie Meyer told us two possible ones -- determination, or maybe a certain power, but none of them was ever proven. What about Bella's aversion to blood as a human? Did that ever contribute to anything? Apparently not. A good explanation shot to heck.    As a vampire, Bella interacts with adults as if she were a professional, 40-year-old business manager. Why? Who knows! Sure, becoming a vampire is supposed to heighten all your senses, all your feelings, all your talents, etc. But isn't that going overboard a tiny bit? Such a dramatic change is unrealistic. She has never been mature, she has never been able to make a decision and stay with it, she never knows what she wants. And suddenly, as she becomes a vampire, she becomes extremely grown-up and loses all of her personality. Those who say it was character development -- that was not development. That was character deprivation because Bella HAD no character.    *sigh*    In an obvious twist of fate (obvious because it was blatantly foreshadowed in the second chapter) the Volturi are now coming to Forks to rid it of an alleged immortal child, aka the Loch Ness Monster. SCANDAL! The Cullens gather more vampires to force Aro to stop and listen, and Bella, surprise surprise, realizes she has another talent. She can protect those around her! Why? God only knows. In all of these books, is it ever told specifically WHY Bella's mind is blocked to all others? Nope. It has been said she works on another wavelength, but why? That is not ananswer. Someone asked this and Stephenie Meyer responded, \\"The question is not why Edward cannot read Bella's mind, the question should be why Edward can read everyone else's.\\" (Quoting from memory, may not be exact.) B.S.    Volturi come. Marcus frequently bored. Bored. And -- \\"there was no other word to describe it -- bored\\". That is just a cop-out for a writer. Come up with another word for bored, please! Anyways, the battle scene had been built up for a good 100 or so pages and it never happens. Another cop-out, another plot line destroyed. And who is the savior?!?! You guessed it -- Bella.    So I've already done an analysis on Rosalie, Jacob, and Bella. What about Edward? I see his desperation, of course, but it seemed to me as if Edward sort of faded into the background as the story went on. What about Leah? She had potential, also, but that potential was not built upon. Jake and Leah would've been a much better couple, in my opinion. What about Renesmee? A perfect, beautiful, child prodigy who grows and learns at an excelled rate. If Bella is not a Mary-Sue, her daughter certainly is. What about Seth? A fifteen or so year old who still exudes a childish innocence. I do not know a single fifteen year old who is that innocent and kind-hearted. Not a single one. The media, television, internet, books...it all destroys our innocence. I do not even know a single 11-YEAR-OLD that innocent. In this innocence, he seems incredibly immature.    The quotes from the first three books were cheesy enough. I could not believe some were worse in Breaking Dawn, such as Edward calling Jacob \\"son,\\" Edward talking about how pure and kind-hearted Seth is, Jacob's not funny blond jokes.... Ugh.     One last thing about the happily ever after ending. Sacrifice. A good book has an ending where the main character sacrifices something for another. It never comes out all hunky-dory. Bella is allowed to keep her best friend, her daughter, her husband, her family, her vampire family. Stephenie complains about people saying they wanted a sadder ending. She said we should've seen it coming because she likes happy endings. But you know what? There is a difference between a sad ending and a realistic one. We aren't asking for an emo ending where everyone dies. No. We are just asking for one that makes sense.
B0006GAOJA|3.0|Alright the guy could take a punch and even give a few back but he beat women, was an overall f-up, and basically contributed nothing to society which should be remembered. The direction and acting are top notch but without a worthy individual to tell about the end result is a big \\"so what?\\" I know I'll piss off all the Italians who view this guy as some sort of hero but he represents everything that was wrong with this subculture during this time in American history. BRAVO for the realism!!
0375704027|1.0|I've read three of Murakami's books, and quite frankly, I don't understand his appeal to so many people.<br />In this book Watanabe is a listless, dull, young man.  To give you a taste for his depth, witness the following excerpt of a conversation he had with a friend who, according to Watanabe, had a profound insight into Mozart's music: \\"...with Itoh's smart and heartfelt commentary ('There - that part., \\"How about that?')....\\" Other conversations throughout the book are equally stimulating.<br />I struggled to get through this book filled with suicide and depression, without any insights.
031606792X|5.0|I'll be honest.  The only reason I am reviewing this is because of all the negative reviews.      Simply put,  I loved it.     I am not a teenage girl, far from it.  I picked up Twilight on a whim a week ago.  After loving it,  I wanted to read the rest.  After reading some of the reviews I seriously considered not getting Breaking Dawn.  But I figured even if it was awful, I should read it.  I am very glad I did.      Not sure what others were expecting.  But I believe this wrapped the series up nicely.  And I throughly enjoyed every page.      I am sorry to see the series come to an end.
031606792X|5.0|This was everything I was looking for. Her writing was great. In fact better than the last 2 books. THe people that are complain have to realize that this is a BOOK, not real life. Excellent fantasy.
B0013BNY2Q|2.0|It's sad to see REM trying to return to their roots to produce a good album and then turning out a work that's significantly worse than their early works. This is nowhere near as good as Murmur, which came out almost 20 years ago. \\"Around the Sun\\" was disappointing but this is worse. Perhaps Mr Stipe and pals should concede that they've already achieved all they could in the world of music and retire. If they issue many more albums like this they're going to start seriously tarnishing their heritage.
0143038419|2.0|I had refused to read this book for its best-seller status fully supported by Oprah... However, I decided to read it when it was given to be by my friend. I don't think it was a complete waste of time but do think that this book's acclaimed fame and popularity are complete nonsense. She's self-absorbed, self-obsessed, exaggerating and self-acclaimed guru. I admit I did read this entire book. When finished reading it, I was like, \\"so??????\\" \\"So what??????\\" \\"What is this???\\" \\"Did this women finally finish with her blah-blahs, which really don't amount to anything but blah-blahs?\\"   I'm giving 2 stars only because of my ability/willingness to read this entire book.  I can only imaging how insecure and unhappy you have to be in order to be inspired? by her blah-blahs, idolize this woman, and then rate this book 3 stars or more.
031606792X|2.0|I absolutely LOVED the first three books, but Breaking Dawn kind of ruined it for me. I was used to the fact that Bella and Edward were in love, but it went to a sickeningly sweet pinnacle in this book. I seriously had to skim through a few chapters just to get through it. I am well aware this book is targeted towards teens, but as a young adult myself (22yrs) I was very unsatisfied with Bella's character development. I felt she was very selfish and self centered.     (spoiler alert!!)           She got everything she wanted and then some. She got Edward as well as keeping Jacob in her life despite the fact that it caused him pain (before he imprinted). She got immortality, she got to keep Charlie in her new life as well as a daughter she didn't even know she wanted.     And when Jacob imprinted on Bella's daughter, I was totally lost. I will admit I was all for Team Jacob eventhough I knew he didn't have a chance. I felt Jacob was a strong character who deserved to imprint on someone his own age who would offer everything Bella couldn't without the constant reminder of rejection (eventhough apparently when you imprint, past loves lost mean nothing). I think Meyer is a great author and should definately continue writing in this genre, especially since we lost Anne Rice to more religious topics. But she should keep in mind that unexpected plot twists don't always equal a good book.
0679720200|3.0|Fast shipping and the book was in excellent condition for what I paid for. Would recommend :)
031606792X|5.0|I admitt that at first I was hesitant to read Breaking Dawn after reading some bad one-star reviews, as well as skeptical and negatively biased throughout the first third of the book. I was expecting disapointment but I never got one, instead, I found that my doubts after reading those reviews were unjustly founded and in fact the book is a great ending to the Twilight saga. I had a big argument with my sister who was relunctant to read the book after having read those bad reviews thinking that the book would likewise be bad. Breaking Dawn is a fantastic ending novel  and people who followed with the story of Edward and Bella should appreciate their story whether or not they liked the book. I can honestly say I had high expections for the book and they were fulfilled.<br /><br />I just want to give advice to readers who are fans of Stephenie Meyer's novels to trust her and read the book without any bias because it was a great book and I would have been mad at myself if I hadn't read it and let what others say dictate what I read.
B000063147|5.0|This album is much heavier than waking the fallen but waking the fallen is also a great heavy album.They went mainstream but the older A7X will always be much better and this is a must own for fans of bleeding through,as i lay dying,and a probably atreyu or only if you just like heavy music with great screaming,although bleeding through and as i lay dying are much heavier bands with death metal influences.I don't care what people say about this band(if you hate everything about them,even their early work)they are freakin awesome,the drummmer is like one of the best drummers out there,great hard drumming and not to mention the guitar work and m shadows,screaming and powerful singing.I hate them today not just their music but their style as well,you can see the difference,but they are great musicians.
0140277447|5.0|I had known about this book for quite some time, but only got around to reading it recently. You need quite a bit of mental fortitude to get through such a book; it is graphic in the extreme. I stealed myself for the effort, but got quite upset by about page 80. The accounts of savagery - gang rape almost always followed by murder, dousing people with gas and setting them alight, using live subjects for bayoneting practice, and so on - require a kind of mental detachment that may be hard to summon.<br /><br />The book is much, much more than accounts from diaries, etc., although these are engrossing. There is all sorts of research here: the manner in which the city of Nanjing was abandoned by Chiang Kai-shek, the Tokyo War Crimes tribunal, Communist Party spin on the atrocities after it came to power, and efforts in Japan to deny and cover up the slaughter. I seldom use the phrase 'page-turner' to decribe a book, but that's what this book is. It is one mind-boggling, shocking scenario after another. It is teaming with facts and examples, and penned in a fine, accessible style. The book's subtitle, 'The Forgotten Holocaust of World War II,' is apt, not some marketing ploy. The bits about John Rabe alone, a Nazi living in Nanjing who did whatever he could to save people's lives, make this worth reading. The Rape of Nanking is a fascinating \\"lost chapter\\" of twentieth century world history.<br /><br />Troy Parfitt, author of Why China Will Never Rule the World
B0002CHIJW|3.0|So this was one of the 'video nasties' that were supposed to be so terrible and that we should be protected from.  Well I have to say that after finally seeing this film I found it quite tame.  The most disturbing part is the extended multi-rape section which is quite relentless and unpleasant.  However, the revenge part of the story is just daft and not at all the gory holocaust that I would have liked.  This isn't a horror film at all but a rape drama.  Quite well put together but presented as something that it is not.  The title means nothing (merely a sensational way to say \\"I'll get my revenge on you\\") and the cover photo is misleading, it doesn't show anything found in the film.  So although this isn't the horror film I expected it is an interesting rape and revenge story, well made on a small budget.
6304884419|5.0|Based on Chazz Paliminteri's autobiographical one-man play, \\"A Bronx Tale\\" is an impressive coming-of-age story about a young man, Calogero, or \\"C,\\" as he is called, growing up in an Italian neighborhood in the Bronx during the racially turbulent Sixties. The boy is torn between the ethical standards set by his scrupulously honest bus driver father, Lorenzo, and the flashy appeal of \\"Sonny,\\" the charismatic local crime boss.  When Calogero, as a mere child, witnesses Sonny shoot and kill a man in a street dispute and refuses to pick him out of a hastily organized lineup moments later, Sonny takes the boy under his wing, much to the displeasure of his father.  In his own way, Sonny is looking out for the young man's best interests.  He is both paternal and protective, urging C to stop hanging out with his troublemaking friends, and emphasizing the importance of a good education.  He also tutors young Calogero in the ways of the street. \\"That way,\\" says C, \\"I'll be twice as smart as everyone else.\\" Eventually there is a heated confrontation between the boy's father and the gangster, but the lure of Sonny's lifestyle - a flashy red Cadillac, women, nice clothes, \\"respect\\" - is too strong for the youngster to resist.  There is an interesting assortment of supporting characters - Eddie Mush (the unluckiest gambler in the world), Tony Toupee (so called because of his ill-fitting hairpiece), Frankie Coffee Cake (whose acne-scarred face reminded everyone of a Drake's coffee cake) - and a host of others who apparently made an indelible impression on the young Palminteri.  There are several memorable scenes - the humorous antics during a basement craps game; the invasion of Sonny's bar by a gang of bikers, to their regret; Sonny's advising his protege on dating etiquette.  Robert De Niro, in his directorial debut, plays Lorenzo, but it is Chazz Palminteri's Sonny who dominates the film throughout.  The ending is sad, poignant, and touching, but of course I won't go into thathere on the assumption that you haven't seen this movie.  As a lay person I'm unable to intelligently critique the technical aspects of any film, but I can state in all honesty that this is one movie I thoroughly enjoyed from start to finish.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I love period romances and this is going right in my top 5 of all time. This is an amazing story, told and acted so well. The chemistry between Jane and Edward is so thick you could cut it with a knife. I would reccomend this film to anyone who loves romance or just plain loves a good story. Brilliant acting, wonderful scenery and so well written! I know that Jane is suppose to be plain but I found Ruth Wilson to be beautiful, understated of course like a Mourning dove. Edward was not suppose to be as attractive as Toby Stephens but they didn't make him overly dashing. He adds a smoldering passion and sexuality to the part that makes the story even more swoon-worthy. 5 stars, baby!!!    Cheers!  Mary Clark
B0018PH3L0|5.0|Lonesome Dove never looked or sounded so good as in the newly remastered release.  The best western ever is also the best thing ever made for TV, and it finally has the true widescreen picture and 5.1 stereo sound it has always deserved.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Sicko held my attention from beginning to end.  I have heard an over abundance of negative comments on Michael Moore himself but feel we should not kill the messenger.  I feel honored that he is equipt to bring the information to the public and I agree with his agenda.  ***My husband and I have been enlightened, thanks to Michael Moore and the people who helped put this excellent video together*****
B0011Z102K|5.0|(daughter of user)  I bought this album, having only heard \\"Welcome to the Black Parade\\" and \\"Famous Last Words\\". I was so excited to learn that the rest of the songs were absolutely amazing too! There's not one song on this CD that I don't like. My personal favorite, \\"I Don't Love You\\" was so different from the rest, a bit more mellow, but still great. Anyway, keep up the great work, MCR!
1582701709|5.0|I recomend this book to virtually anyone looking to be, have and do anything they want. It is the best book to start with. But do yourself a favor and do not end with this book, keep seeking more books and more informaiton on the subject. \\"The Secret\\" scratches the surface of a very deep subject... There is so much more.  With that said, I have purchases 6 extra copies of The Secret to give as gifts. It's an easy read, and it can change your life.
B000065V1V|3.0|3 1/2    Some of the writing is decidedly average, but his seasoned studio band layers enough polish (great bass work) and of course Bowie's endlessly admirable vocal charisma elevate much of the space-pop-rock while this original chameleon continues to evade irrelevance.
B00006J9OT|4.0|The first time I listened to her voice, I could not really match her voice with how she looks.  She is a pretty woman. But her voice is husky and cool.  I youtubed her and saw some video clips of \\"Live in Paris\\" and other performance videos.  I've noticed that she often performs with a very talented bassist John Clayton.  He is awesome.  People rave about Diana but I have to say that John and other artists who performed with Diana are cool too.  I think I am going to check out John's new project through ArtistShare.  It is supposed to be a family project.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|After reading Java's review, last edited on Oct 30, 2007 9:40 AM PDT, I decided to ask the following question:    Around September 1998, The SCI-FI Channel started airing an episode per night of \\"Star Trek\\" the original TV series. These episodes were aired in their original sequence, un-cut versions, and each episode was narrated and hosted by William Shatner.  A crew member or guest was also shown doing a brief monologue about the episode being televised.  Each episode lasted about 90 minutes, due to Shatner's narrations and comments (Including blooper revelations), the guest's monologues, commercials and the un-cut episodes themselves.  Are such interviews and monologues included on these DVDs or HD-DVDs?  If so, my decision to purchase will be sealed (although the price strikes fear in my heart).  If not, does anyone know where I can get a DVD (preferred) or VHS collection of all the aforementioned episodes, including Shatner's narrations and the guest monologues?  Your efforts and any guidance with this matter will be very much appreciated!  Please forgive me if this is the wrong place to ask such questions (Desperation is a powerful thing)!
0316067601|5.0|This book was absolutely incredible.  An up close account of the awesome bravery, courage and honor of America's elite soldiers.  I was in awe of the intense training and never give up stamina of the SEALS, but I was also in tears over the sorrow suffered by our American heros. This book is a must read by every American because we all need a renewed respect, appreciation and love for America's selfless, courageous, warriors who keep America safe.    You are true American heros, Marcus Luttrell, Axe, Danny, and Mickey and the rest of America's military force!    America loves you and especially....TEXAS!
031606792X|1.0|Or at least it feels like one has.      To begin with, the only reason I even picked up the Twilight series to begin with is because I've written in the Young Adult field and I very much wanted to see what all the hoopla was about. I'm working on a new series right now that might best be thought of as a bit of a response to Stephenie Meyer's. It didn't start out that way, but just as Phillip Pullman's His Dark Materials was a response prompted by his disdain of the Chronicles of Narnia, so will mine be an eloquent response to Twilight.     I'm pulling this response from my own blog, and with a one and a two, here we go -    You want a mythic young adult love story, I'm giving you a mythic young adult love story. But more importantly, I'm giving you a mythic young adult story that has actually been thought out. I swear I'm not going to write book one of a five book series and then pull a Stephenie Meyer and not know what to do with the rest of it. As a matter of fact, I wrote the last chapter of the last book in my head while trying to get to sleep the other night, and it is gonna rock the house.    And keep in mind I'm one of those writers who for years denied even being a writer, and even when I started making some money off of it and finally admit that I did write, I would hang my head in shame and swear that everything I put on the page was lame and not worth reading and I suck and will probably be working at Borders when I'm forty. Not anymore. I mean, I may still be working at Borders when I'm forty, but the gauntlet has been thrown down.    Did you get my Meyer reference earlier? For those of you in our studio audience, Stephenie Meyer is so the Queen of Young Adult right now. Unless you've been living under a rock, you know the Twilight series is the hottest selling thing this side of that wizard with glasses, and that its final book made its literary debut last Friday night at the stroke of midnight.    And I was there, at Borders, aka Ground Zero, playing out the dubious role of Master of Ceremonies. I say dubious because considering the quality of the series and the messages and themes buried within, I'm not so sure I would have taken the job again had I known where it was all going. I was precariously perched between two venomous packs of teenage girls that Friday night, one for Team Edward, and one for Team Jacob. Sure, the former was far larger than the latter, but they were both every bit as vocal, anxious to insure that the world knew very well their stance on who Bella Swan, the befuddled narrator of the series, should spend the rest of her life with. And possibly her death, too, considering Edward is a vampire.    But let's get one thing straight. Twilight is no Harry Potter, and Stephenie Meyer is no JK Rowling. Sure, they're both best sellers. Sure, Meyer was a bored Mormon housewife who had a dream about a sparkly vampire, while JK was a welfare mother who was trapped aboard a stalled train when the Boy Who Lived came into her imagination. But JK Rowling went on to meticulously plan every single last detail of her beloved series, while Meyer seems to have relied on nothing but that seminal bit of inspiration to carry her books through.    So let's start from the beginning. Twilight was a very, very good debut novel. While the narrative did move pretty slowly, the world did feel totally lived in, and the characters did seem very real. Or as real as they could be, anyway, considering the fantastic nature of the premise. You know the one. Girl meets boy. Girl falls in love with boy. Girl finds out boy is a vampire. Girl wants to be his eternal honey-bunny.    The second book, New Moon, was actually considerably longer than the first, and even less happened this time around. Girl wants to neck with vampire boy, vampire boy is scared he will kill her by mistake, vampire boy leaves town, and girl is forced to hang out with best friend who naturally turns out to be a werewolf. Wereboy predictably develops crush ongirl, and then vampire boy comes back. It's a tale as old as time. The break-up is suitably tragic, as is the ensuing grief, but still, Meyer could have easily edited out two hundred pages in the middle.    The third book, Eclipse, is where the real stink begins to set in. Girl is caught between the flea-bitten and bat-bitten affections of her best friend and her boyfriend, both of whom grow considerably annoying as the book goes on. And just plain out creepy. Girl finally realizes that she loves both of them, and thus begins what I consider the worst love triangle in the history of Western literature, if not the world.    It's bad enough Bella has been helplessly codependent on the love of her life, Edward, without making her now hopelessly fickle, and unable to decide who she really loves the most. Even though we all know who she's going to choose. Pointless. And again, the book is even longer than the first two, even though less happens.    In other words, if the Twilight series was a car, the first book would be a nice little sports car, new and fast and fun to take for a spin. However, the second book would be when that car develops an oil leak and gets a nail stuck in one of the tires. The third book would be when the engine starts smoking, the car stalls out, and has to be pushed into a nearby garage. And yes, the fourth book is when the car throws a rod and burns down the garage and possibly kills one of the mechanics.    One after another, confused parents have been filing into Borders for weeks on end now and requesting that a copy of Breaking Down be put on hold for their young daughters. Okay, so the fourth book is really called Breaking Dawn, but given the tepid reception it's gotten, Breaking Down really is far more appropriate. Not to mention funnier.    To put it simply, Breaking Down is one of two books I absolutely could not get through, and keep in mind I'm the guy who read Whistling in the Wind from cover to cover. This isn't to imply that I finish every book I pick up, because that's certainly not the case. Sometimes I will read them straight out, sometimes I will go read something else and then come back to them, and sometimes I may not come back at all. You know, sometimes you just loose interest, and sometimes there's simply So Much to Read. But I got a hundred and forty pages into this grand finale, and just hurled the book across the room.    Okay, not literally. Seeing as how I did bring it back to Borders the next day, certainly not literally. But quite frankly, I'm not the first one to make this choice. I never bring books back unless they're damaged or missing pages or something. But with this one, I'm not alone. There was a bit on Borders Live Journal about whether or not we should return read books just because they're really badly written, so apparently it's been an issue. I wouldn't have returned mine had I made it all the way through, but it's like with a meal. If I take a few cautious bites and the food is bad, I'm certainly going to send it back.    And at this point, I certainly considering Breaking Down (as I continue to insist on calling it) the literary equivalent of food poisoning.    I remember one of my friends saying that he heard Stephenie Meyer give an interview on NPR about the time that The Host came out, during which she was dreamily commenting about how she just \\"heard voices in her head\\" and that she just \\"wrote down what they had to say.\\" Well, in retrospect, I'm glad those voices didn't tell her to kill someone or something, but I think we can all agree that just writing every single thing down that comes into your head is not a formula for literary quality. It may serve you well once or twice, particularly if you're writing in first person, but there is a little thing that I like to call Editing. Perhaps some of you have heard of it.    I have a feeling Meyer hasn't, which is why her books are five, six, seven hundred plus pages long - and nothing happens during the course of them. Eclipse is probably the worst example of this. It was the most rushed manuscript I've ever seen, and others have said the same thing. Just on the simplest grammatical level, it contained dozens of typos and misspellings of every description. And this from one of the biggest publications of the year.    I'm not trying to imply that Meyer is just out to make a quick buck. She obviously feels deeply about her characters. This whole mess was her story from beginning to end. But at some point, someone really should have taken some scissors and cut the whole thing in half. The book I'm working on now is going to come in hopefully at a lean and mean three hundred and sixty pages or so, and believe you me, it would have been so much easier on me as a writer to make it six or seven hundred pages. But I don't belong to the Stephenie Meyer school of writing, where you just type up every little idea that your mind burps up, nor do I have so much clout off my first book that no one dares to edit them out. Happily.    Well, Breaking Down is currently sitting on top of over five hundred one star reviews at Amazon.com. Of course, there are also seven hundred five star reviews, but those are usually simple, one sentence declarations like \\"it was everything I wanted it to be\\" and \\"everything I wanted to happen happened.\\" Do you girls want to know why it was everyhing you wanted it to be? Because anyone one of you could have written it, that's why.    As Joss Whedon, who can saturate a forty-five minute musical blog done by a supervillian with more genuine emotion and wit than Stephenie can in two thousand pages, aka the web-sensation Dr.Horrible, once said, \\"I don't give people what they want, I give them what they need.\\"    But when all's said and done, I don't think anyone really wanted Breaking Down. Not really. All Miss Meyer did was catch lightning in a bottle with one book, and that's only because she made use of the classic Byronic hero which women have been helplessly swooning over since 1816 (incidentally, it has been speculated that Lord Byron himself was a vampire). And really, it was a formula only a complete, incompetent moron could have screwed up, and yet she did.    Still, maybe that's not all that surprising. Let's take a quick look at Bella Swan, her heroine and the narrator of the Twilight series.    With the publication of the last book, there are exactly two characteristics that Bella possessed. One, she loves Edward. Two, she's clumsy. And have I mentioned she loves Edward? And really folks, that's it. Some two thousand and four hundred pages since Bella first turned up in Forks, and she has two characteristics. TWO.    A couple of women at work were subtlely and not-so-subtlely implying that I simply couldn't understand or relate to Bella because I wasn't, nor would I ever be, a teenage girl. I can only gently reply that I can't understand or relate to Bella because she's a vacuum, a blankness, a vacuous black hole where a character should be. I mean, despite all the protestations that Meyer makes about Bella's heart pounding and jumping and racing and doing somersaults and catapulting over the moon and conducting ten piece symphony orchestras and all that whenever Edward is around, that's not telling me anything about her as a person. Except that maybe she really, REALLY needs to see a cardiologist.    To put it simply, there's nothing to understand or relate to. Bella has no interests outside of the men in her life. She is completely and utterly defined by them. She has no mind of her own, no hobbies, no interests, nothing. In Twilight, at least she's portrayed as an \\"old soul,\\" who doesn't relate to people her own age and is so different she even gets the mysterious Edward's attention.    But after that, she just turns into an increasingly whiny, helpess teenage girl. In most books, the characters learn and grow with every new story, but with Bella, there is only regression. One day she can't live without Edward, the next day she loves Jacob too. One day she wants to be made a vampire as soon as possible, the next day she wants to hold off on it. One day she loathes the very idea of marriage, the next day she's happily married.    Many critics have noted that it's quite possible the Twilight series has set feminism back about a hundred years, and after reading into Breaking Down, I have to agree with them. I have no idea what Meyer was thinking at this point, but I can only assume that deep down she believes the fairer sex shouldn't think at all. They should just find a big strong vampire man to take care of them so they won't have to worry about anything. If I had to pick a theme that runs throughout this series, a carefully crafted message that underlies the whole thing, I would have to say marry rich pretty much sums it up.    That's right, young ladies. You don't need hopes and dreams, interests and passions. You certainly don't need an education. You just need to have two men battling over you, neither of which you can live without. And you also need to abstain from sex, but that's okay, because you'll be married and pregnant by the ripe old age of eighteen. I know what you're thinking - I may not want to be married and pregnant when I'm eighteen. To which I can only reply, Bella thought the same thing too. She just thought domestic bliss wasn't for her, but that was before she walked down the aisle. Then everything worked out swimmingly well, and everyone lived happily ever after.    Or they were turned into a vampire, but same thing.    It didn't really hit me until I was reading through The Myth of the Goddess, which incidentally is an amazing book and should appeal to anyone interesting in mythology or religion or matriarchal history, but Meyer constantly and consistently casts Bella in the role of Eve.    Throughout the series, it's Bella that's begging for sex, not Edward. Edward may be a vampire, but he abstains from the flesh - except when he's biting it.He's as chaste as a priest the rest of the time, at least until the honeymoon. And then he's ripping apart pillows with his teeth in an effort not to kill Bella, as we see in a later scene. It does get laugh-out-loud hilarious, but his rock hard vampire body also leaves her covered in bruises the next morning, which is less funny. And even then, it's Bella that has to tempt and seduce her husband over and over, otherwise, he wouldn't touch her again.    I get the feeling Stephenie Meyer has lots and lots of issues with sex, probably enough to keep an entire team of therapists busy for at least a decade or two. I mean, how ironic is it that she creates the ultimate sex symbol of the young adult world, and then makes him a virgin? And not just a virgin, but one who's been around longer than the grandparents of most of the girls reading these books? The movie version of Twilight should perhaps be more aptly titled The Eighty-Year Old Virgin, but I doubt they're going that route.    And seriously, what is it with Edward anyway? We have to wade through pages and pages of purple prose with Meyer constantly likening him to a statue and granite and marble and the like. Okay, I suppose from a Freudian standpoint, I get the hardness metaphor, but honestly, who wants to kiss cold marble? From all those descriptions of him, we just get the idea that sleeping with him would be like sleeping with an ice cold rock. Maybe I'm missing something, but I just don't get the appeal.    But again, for an epic romance, this series has very little in the way of passion. Actually, Twilight has been called the love story that makes abstinence sexy. Right. Incidentally, you know what I'm going to make sexy in my series? Sex. Revolutionary, I know, but there you have it. True, it won't be for the first thousand pages or so, but it's gotta happen sometime. And it's going to be sacred when it does, not all guilt-drenched and dirty and Meyer-like.    Because if I did make it Meyer-like, I would also have to bring in a character like Jacob the best werefriend to make it even more confusing. According to Stephenie, he's the best friend a girl could ever have. I can't really see it. Not after the part in Eclipse when he threatens to kill himself unless Bella makes out with him.    No, I'm not making that up. I really hope I couldn't. And even if I could, none of the girls in my books would put up with it for a second. But back to Twilight.    Then there's another scene where Jacob grabs Bella, pins her arms behind her, and starts putting his tongue down her throat. Keep in mind Bella is saying \\"no\\" and keeps trying to get away, but Stephenie writes this not as sexual assault, but a love scene. Many reviewers have wondered just how high she was when she did this. And let's not even get to the point where he bursts in on Bella's wedding, grabs her again, and physically hurts her, and then Bella spends the next hour frantically worrying that she's done something to upset him.    And just to prove how completely and utterly out of touch Meyer is, she takes Jacob, the most hated character in the series, the very character that I wanted to see decapitated by Edward by the end of Eclipse (an idea, incidentally, that evoked thunderous applause from the audience when I suggested it as Master of Ceremonies), and lets him narrate one-third of the final book! That is the exact point at which I non-literally threw the book down.    I have never been a fan of backseat writing, but I as a writer know that she as an author has absolutely no idea what she's doing. And as a result, we're going to have an entire generation of helplessly codependent, hopelessly fickle young women whose fondest romantic fantasy will be to make love to a statue. Way to go, Steph.    You know, I don't know why I take such offense to all this. While an advocate of the divine feminine, I'm not really down with the whole I-am-woman-hear-me-roar reactionary leftists. I mean, I want the patriarchy gone asmuch as the next friend of the goddess, but so often, feminism does little else but imitate the worst habits of the male of the species, whether it be in war or politics or corporate life, and honestly, I think it could be a lot more than that.    Maybe it's just because I personally really, really love women, the more empowered the better. I cut my own creative teeth on characters like Princess Leia, Marion Ravenwood, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and the currently re-invented for televison Sarah Connor. Mothers, warriors, leaders, and lovers, they had it all. And lets have a hand for Hermione Granger, too. I know at the beginning of the Harry Potter series, some women had a problem with her being bossy and a know-it-all, but come on! By the time we get to the Deathly Hallows, the girl is holding up under torture, and she's still managing to outsmart everyone in the room. Give me a bossy, know-it-all any day over the simpering, wishy-washy Bella Swan.    And maybe, just maybe it's because Young Adult is my genre, and I feel like it's being sold so short. Everyone deserves much better than this. And indeed, I hope I can give it to them. Quite frankly, I think what offends me the most is the thought of any of my female characters being handed over to the likes of Stephenie Meyer. The very idea appalls me.    Still, I have to applaud her for finally kicking me out of my own self-pitying stance as a writer. Okay, I always knew I was good, but I have to say, deep anxiety does blossom in me whenever I let someone new read my books. Not anymore. If Stephenie Meyer can re-write the Young Adult genre with this sludge, then wait till everyone sees what I can do. I'm matching her Mormon-ification of the genre with some Goddess-ification, and I can assure you, it will be something worth reading.    I may never have her success or readership, but I don't need them. I'll stick with quality over quantity anyday. And that's not arrogance, that's just straight up the way it is.
B000031WD9|5.0|I guess this movie brings back good memories for me because I just graduated HS when this movie came out. Not only was it very accurate of how high school kids act (alot of them anyway)it was hilarious! The first scene the whole theater erupted and it just kept going on from there. Since dvds were first comming out at that time, I had to buy the video and then the dvd and when this copy wears out, I will buy it again. See it!
031606792X|5.0|I guess I am one of the few that really liked the book.  I don't really know why everyone is bashing the book.  I wanted Bella to end up with Edward and I loved the fact that no one main character died, or that the choice to change bella had been any other than saving her life.  I also liked the fact that the \\"big battle\\" didn't happen.  The suspense up until the end was big but I'm glad that it ended like it did.  I'm also glad that Bella wasn't on a blood rampage after everyone. Thanks for writing this book Stephenie and I hope to see them all at the movies!
031606792X|5.0|Stephanie Meyer has ended her series with excitement, love, and scandal.  While not my favorite of the series, I felt satisfied with the ending she gave the characters.  Who would want the book any other way?  Everyone should be satisfied, except for the obvious reason that the series is sadly ended.  Everything ended nicely, leaving no loose ends fans were sure to complain about.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I loved it. I'm sorry, but, if I'm going to spend the time to read 4 books and wait months/years for their release, I want a happy ending. This is the story that Stephenie had in her head. People need to stop picking it apart and over analyzing it and just appreciate it for what it is. Just enjoy what Stephenie has spent so long writing.
B0014DCT06|5.0|I heard from my friend Kimberly how great this is and I'm not disappointed. Sometimes I'm really glad when I hear about something you might not normally find. I remembered when I first heard about the concert. I participated in a scavenger hunt and during the long hunt I was told by someone this was really very good and is definitely worth seeing and how just listening to the songs is the beginning step when someone is first learning about Justin and is small compared to the visual overall thing.
B00000DCHI|5.0|This product was delivered to me in good order.  I would order from this vender again.
1596680296|5.0|Knitting Socks is an excellent book with straight forward instructions that make sense.  I'd tried several patterns before I found this book at the library and I loved it so much that I bought it!  Happy knitting!
0393327655|5.0|The message in the book can be best obtained by a clear understanding of the age old and outdated philosophical thoughts and comparing them with the benefits of current knowledge of science and technology. Therefore, a good knowledge of this is essential for a peaceful international living without having to wage wars. But there are many who work against the spread of this knowledge through fear, and are carried away by writings transcribed at various times and declared as holy.     The book analyzes the current conflict between reason, acquired through scientific and technological knowledge, and outright faith in antiquated religious dogmas. It references ideologies as believed and practiced in various places in world. The problems arise when faith in these beliefs are defended and enforced ruthlessly. The reader is provided with ample opportunity with references and lengthy notes to fall back and to improve understanding of the current clashes. This can make it difficult for the reader, who is not well versed in these ideas, to sustain interest in the important message. Consequently it tends to disrupt smooth flow of reading, and can induce loss of interest. A concentrated reading effort is required, and the interested reader should be prepared for this challenge. The flow of text in the book could be improved to make it an interesting piece of composition without using elliptical sentences. That is the writing style of the author. This is not a romantic novel or book of fairy tales.    World problems are not ascribable alone to blind faith. Due to natural genetic makeup of humans, powerful nations want to maintain superiority by inventing smart technologies, by usurpation of raw materials for energy, and control of world economy. This is often supported by resorting to ancient theocratic ideals which so often have clashed with each other. The book conveys a serious and important message to the world of the twenty-first century and beyond. Nobody can stop the dynamic progress and spread of science and technology. The Internet has been a great boon to society. We can \\"google\\" as we please, but should also be cautious and wise enough to make the most of the reliable information that we can get from such searches. We might look upon it as the first easy way to look beyond by searching in libraries to establish the credibility of the information obtained. That is fortunate because we do not live in the bygone dark ages when such easy access to knowledge was scanty and forbidden. However, there is enough hatred and bigotry going around. This is depressing.  Sam Harris makes a brave effort to enlighten the reader with \\"The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason (Hardcover)\\". The future of humanity to aspire and work collectively could be at stake if reason is abandoned.    Thoughtful people are aware that world problems have been largely due to our genetic make up. In the primitive stages of human development, the work horse for sustaining human specie, the brain relied largely on mythological tales, miracles ascribed to pagan gods, and by authoritative and fictional credos. Deities were supposed to control mythically glorious heavens or terrifying hell fires for life after death for reward or punishment. Language development has made it possible to collect thoughts in books and scriptures which have been sanctified by self-anointed theocratic bodies; with the help of contemporary rulers of the times they have succeeded in forcing their views and writings on the defenseless masses deprived of basic necessities of living. Ignorance and fear have been used to propagate, coerce, and enforce theocratic ideas. Dogmatic beliefs are taught to the young when they have not yet reached the age of reason. Delusions of god and devil have been largely due to ideas created and perpetrated through the so called sacred writings sanctified as the unquestionable truth. Opposition has not been encouraged.     Current media, which should be independent, is lacking in its courage of conviction and credibility. Fortunately there are scientist, writers, and thoughtful people who possess good understandings of our genetic structure, science and technology. They have been contributing to understand the need international cooperation for peaceful living.  There is much to be done.
031606792X|5.0|My son and myself have been waiting for this book forever.  We loved it.  I read it in 2 days.  It was a great ending to a great story.  But I want more from the writer.
B00127RAJY|5.0|These workout aren't easy, but you WILL see results. I've been using it for about 2 weeks now, and I have already lost a few pounds. What's more impressive though, is my increased strength, muscle tone, and energy. Be prepared to sweat, breath hard, and feel better!
B00005JMJG|5.0|Consider yourself warned...    I saw this movie based on a recommendation from a friend that it was really good.  \\"Really good\\" does not do this movie justice.  This movie blew me away.  I think it's the greatest love story I have ever experienced on film, which I know is a bold claim.  The reason I say that is because this movie is a celebration of love itself, and not the person whom those feelings are attached to.  Joel does not want to give up the memories and feelings associated with love because even though he does not feel the same way about Clementine that he used to, the memories and feelings are what sustain him and keep him going, despite the darkness and sadness associated with the deterioration of that relationship.  Love is what makes us human, not mere companionship.  Different people I have discussed this movie with interpret the end differently than I do.  Others have interpreted the movie to mean that they will end up together forever.  I think that misses the point of the movie.  I interpret the end to mean that they will break up again but the journey in search of love and happiness, however brief, is worth all the pain associated with its unhappy conclusion.  Life is not a fairy tale but that does not mean it is not worth living.  Clementine is not your typical glamorous female lead for a reason.  She is supposed to be real and attainable, the kind of woman that any of us could meet and date in real life, and many of us have.  We are supposed to understand why Joel fell in love with her and why he fell out of love with her, all the time understanding that people moving in and our of our lives is a major part of life itself.  Attempting to erase the memories of these people only does us harm because we never stop loving the memories.  A beautiful exploration of what it means to be human.
031606792X|2.0|I was so distressed by my lack of connection to this book, even though I couldn't wait to get my hands on it, that I was driven to write this review.  I am almost 30 and read mostly well-written adult literature, but was drawn to this storyline which reminded me of things I enjoyed reading growing up...the dangerous and dramatic love affair, the complicated love triange, and a twist of the occult.    That being said, I really enjoyed the first three books and finished each in a few days.  I was so drawn to the Edward/Bella relationship and felt such a strong pull of my own emotions as I pictured so vividly everything happening in the book.  I connected with the characters and the storyline and couldn't wait to see the conclusion in Breaking Dawn.    Breaking Dawn was not only a huge disappointment for me, in the way that everything was wrapped up so perfectly in a sickening, unrealistic bow, but I kept thinking the whole time I was reading, \\"Who are these characters?\\" and \\"I can't even visualize or connect to them at all.\\"  This is what really ruined the book for me, because the connection and transportation into the exciting love story was what really made me read this series.    Along with my general disappointment,(**spoilers ahead**) I am more than disturbed by the many negative messages and unrealistic treatments of endpoints for young readers.  Pregnant at 18, really?  But more than my initial shock, I found the inclusion and handling of this storyline to be ridiculous, impossible and that it didn't go at all with the characters.  And the Jacob twist, gross and totally would never happen in real life with real love!  As an adult, I know that the storyline wrap-up here is complete garbage, and while I was expecting and wanted a happy-ever-after for Bella and Edward, including her becoming a vampire, I could have written a more realistic and yet still satisfying ending myself, seriously.  I was sad that there was nothing really of the Bella and Edward magic frombefore (Jacob, too). I really wish I could just forget that I ever read it and imagine my own ending without all of this convoluted, poorly written trash.  Sorry Stephanie, but this one needed a serious rewrite.
031606792X|1.0|I have to admit, I didn't have too high of expectations for this book after reading the other three due to Meyer's less than stellar writing abilities. (Let's be honest. Her stories may be interesting, but she's not as good when it comes to the actual writing part.) However, I did at least expect the story it told to be compelling like those of the other books. I instead wanted to simply put the book down and pretend I had never bought it in the first place. (Spoilers below)    For starters, I spent most of the book varying between laughing at the absurdity of Bella's various decisions and being completely floored at the utter selfishness displayed by her. Honestly, who would hurt their loved ones the way she did and risk the LIVES of numerous other people all so that they could have what they wanted? She put the Cullens, especially Edward, through hell during her pregnancy while they all assume she was going to die. On top of that, the baby was literally killing her while she was carrying it and she still just assumed that the baby was still good.    I also felt that the fantasy in this book just spun out of control. It went from vampires (some of whom were very gifted) and werewolves to vampires, shape-shifters, werewolves, and half mortal-half immortal beings that would live forever (as opposed for an extended but not eternal length of time which would actually make sense). Overall, it was too much of a fairytale and not enough of a story. It doesn't make sense for everything to just work out perfectly and the ending seemed like more of a copout than a well done finish to a renowned book series.    (I just felt I had to add this. I really don't think it's right for Meyer to advocate teenage girls just giving up their lives for the sake of their boyfriend, becoming sex-obsessed, and having kids. It's not healthy. On top of that, Meyer mentions that Bella's supposedly so mature and grown up, yet she makes these decisions without thinking them through. Is that seriously the message she should be sending?)
031606792X|5.0|It's absolutely PERFECT! I loved it. I wish there would be more books. I'm so sad that it's all over. I haven't really read since my first years of high school. My sister told me about this series back in March and since then all I've done is read them. I'm glad I didn't discover them any sooner, I wouldn't have been able to wait a year between each book. I've read the first 3 books twice, in a row, and will be reading this one again very soon. My husband will not be very happy because I totally immerse myself in to this series. I don't come up for air until I'm done. Thanks Stephenie for reminding me how much I love to read. But like I said this book is PERFECT. It tied up all the loose ends and then some. I couldn't be happier.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a very well-rounded workout DVD for each section only being 20 minutes or so. Well, counting the warm up and cooldown, they are more like 25 minutes.<br /><br />I've never watched the tv show that Jillian is on, but she comes across in this DVD as being fairly demanding, but logical and instructive. For example, rather than just offering platitudes about \\"keep going\\" and \\"you're doing great\\", she frequently makes the point that if you're only going to do a 20 minute DVD, it better be efficient. She also points out the good qualities on the bodies of \\"her girls\\" that are assisting her (\\"look at those abs! That takes work!\\"). Finally, I really like how she demonstrates poor positioning during the workout. She says \\"I don't want to see any of THIS\\" and then demonstrates it. This is very helpful.<br /><br />I can't imagine only doing 20 minutes of working out and expecting any results, but this DVD is pretty efficient and will be a good \\"fill in\\" for days when I can't make it to run or to group exercise classes.
0061251305|5.0|According to the powerful perspectives offered by this unique take on organizational development, a tribe is a group between 20 and 150 people. Tribes emerge from the language people use to describe themselves. Change the language, change the tribe. Executive coaches will love this resource.    The authors make the point that our first instinct to bring about change in organizations is often to tell people what to do differently. Such a strategy often enhances compliance, but reinforces a sense of powerlessness, and impedes change.    The authors describe five Tribal Stages (centers of gravity) that inform some groups.   1. About 2% of groups - \\"life sucks\\" Gangs of individuals who operate without social rules or values except absolute loyalty to the group.  2. 25% of groups- \\"my life sucks\\" passively antagonistic, quietly sarcastic and resigned. Seen it all before and watched it fail.   3. 49 % of tribes - \\"I'm great, and you're not.\\" Knowledge is power. Winning is personal and based on \\"my\\" values.   4. 22% of group - \\"We're great, and they're not.\\" \\"We\\" are greater than \\"me.\\" The bigger the foe, the more powerful the tribe. Based on shared, \\"our\\" values. Leaders build the stage on which others perform.  5. 2% of groups - \\"life is great\\" Infinite potential of the group - not beat competitor, but make global impact. Based on \\"global\\" \\"resonant\\" values    Through language, leaders can move the group's center of gravity through progressive stages by focusing on the words people use and the types of relationships they form. Groups can't leap over a stage as they progress. Additionally, culling out `bad apples' is ineffective. If you fire the bottom 10% of performers, the people who remain redistribute to stages others leave.    The authors observe that people's language correlates to the specific tribal stage, nature and structure of their relationships. The book lays out strategies that coaches and leaders can employ to unlock greater productive potential.    To uncover someone's values, ask \\"What are you proud of?\\" and follow it up with three to five open-ended questions. Pride ties actions to values. For tribes at stage 2, ask \\"What ticks you off?\\" The tone of responses goes from passive to passionate as answers shift from chatter about the surface to their core values.    To progress a tribe to higher stages, the authors suggest finding values that unite and resonate with people in the group. Tribal leaders follow the core values of the tribe no matter what the cost. They keep looking for new ways to express the values. Authenticity is a key - avoid identifying values and then making decisions based on expediency. Such acting above the law disempowers the tribe.    As a coach, help clients set the noble cause by asking \\"For the sake of what?\\" Identifying values and establishing a noble cause is a process, not an event. It's more than printing values posters or inscribing a mission statement on employee badges. Instead, leaders talk about values, base decisions on them, and engage tribal members in discussions about what they mean.  Most strategies are based on understanding of the external environment, not the highest aspirations of the tribe.    The authors identify five components of Tribal Strategy  1. Values - What we stand for   2. Noble cause - What we live for   3. Outcomes -What we want  4. Assets - What we have   5. Behavior - What we will do     Accountability - outcome vs. goal - a goal is off in the future, it implies a failure in the present. People are motivated by the goals in a crisis, but they lose their drive once the fire is out. An outcome is a present state of success. \\"We have already succeeded, and this is how it looks at this point in the process (succeeding now with an outcome)    The models and techniques offered by the authors have broad application for executive coaches and for leaders. Definitely well worth the read.    Review by Bruce Ervin Wood
0345495004|4.0|LOVING FRANK is a compelling and beautifully spun saga of the romance between Wright and MahMah.  For those of us too old to have followed the love life and architectural career of Frank Lloyd Wright, the book provides a sympathetic and thoroughly engrossing look into the life of one of the most creative Americans of the twentieth century.  It is a great read for book clubs in addition to simply being a wonderfully enlightening account of an amazing life.
B000002SE0|5.0|This is without doubt the best Turandot on disc. Nilsson's voice is more \\"free\\" compared to the RCA version but this might be a question of recording techniques. The three main parts work perfect together, they can not be bettered on disc. So - this is THE choice. To my very great astonishment EMI has chosen the recording with Maria Callas to their \\"Great recordings of the Century\\" series, not the one reviewed here. Callas sang the role a little more than 20 times just in the beginning of her career and she did  not like it, she was afraid that it could destroy her voice, therefore she dropped it as soon as possible. Turandot was Nilsson's most sung role: over 300 times.<br />In one of his biographies Placido Domingo tells about singing in Turandot together with Nilsson at the Verona Arena. He had never in the whole of his career heard such a brilliant voice, and from then on he was one of Nilsson's many admirers. He also preferred the EMI recording before the RCA, but added: Even then you could not experience how Nilsson's Turandot sounded live. I tend to agree. Much of the brilliance is lost on records,  \\"the great wonder\\" is disclosed only at live performances. I can very strongly reccomend her Turandot from the La Scala opening night in December 1958. Turn up the volume and you will find her still better that in the Molinari-Pradelli version. She writes herself that this Milan Turandot was the greatest moment in her opera life!
031606792X|5.0|Okay first off to the people that are complaining what are you so mad about? I thought the book was amazing and more than I could have asked for. (Spoliers) Actually I thought Bella getting preggers was great because she was always the one person that the rules didn't apply to. And this was made very evident in BD. Also I thought Jacob imprinting was an amazing twist why are Jacob fans upset? All he wanted was to be apart of Bellas life and when he imprinted all the pain he had for her is gone and he found true love. So stop complaining the book is great and I thought it was a perfect wrap up for the series.
B00068NVI4|4.0|This was the last concert of Yes's 35th anniversary tour in 2004, featuring the \\"classic\\" Yes lineup. As befits such an event, the concert is largely a nostalgia exercise with Yes performing a sampling of their brilliant music from each decade starting in the 60s right up to the present decade. The performance of \\"Ritual\\" is especially striking. Definitely a must for Yes fans. Others may prefer the more serious and focused Live at Montreux concert DVD from 2003.
B000002P6R|4.0|With a return to the 1960s pop sound, the band delivered a classic - You Better You Bet - while working within a framework to allow drummer Kenney Jones to shine.<br /><br />Daily Records, Don't Let Go the Coat and Another Tricky Day have very appealing hooks, with Cache Cache paced by a bouncy beat. The all-out rocker is John Entwistle's The Quiet One, with How Can You Do It Alone delivering an edginess through Roger Daltrey's lyrical interpretation.<br /><br />Peaking at #4 on the U.S. album chart, this March 1981 release is bolstered by five bonus tracks. The album demonstrates the art in crafting quality pop music and is an oftentimes overlooked gem in the band's amazing catalog.
031606792X|5.0|I was very surprised by all the negative reviews.  I loved this whole series and personally thought it couldn't have ended better.  It was a fairy tale story, not a biography!  Sure real life isn't that way, but what's wrong with escaping to a fairy tale world for a little while?  Thanks Stephenie!  I appreciated the \\"clean\\" romance, as well.
B00005JKNF|5.0|I'm glad this DVD belongs to me for I will watch it many times.  The music is lovely and Jeremy Northam and Clive Owen are easy on the eyes.  Julian Fellowes has an excellent commentary explaining the aristocracy and the servant class which made the story-line all the more understandable and therefore more enjoyable.  Thank you, Julian Fellowes!
031606792X|5.0|I personally loved this book; for me it was a great way to end a great saga, and I am sad so many people did  not enjoy it.  I consider myself a very analytical reader and writer, and if I had wanted to read this book from that standpoint, I too might have found a lot of things to complain about.  However, I choose to read for enjoyment.  I choose to lose myself in the fantasy that is the Twilight series and to simply enjoy this world that Stephenie Meyer has created.  Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, I simply think if you are focusing on the negatives, you are going to find them.  If you are reading expecting certain outcomes, you are going to miss out.  Just enjoy the book!  If you have not read it yet, please do!  I can't promise you'll love it becuse again, you are entitled to your own opinion.  Just go into it with an open mind and the willingness to accept the story as it is written, because it is wonderful.  Thanks to Stephenie Meyer for creating a great series that I am sure I will continue to read over and over againm!
B001BTG3OQ|3.0|This flash is great -- overpriced by about $100 for what it does, not a whole lot more than what the SB800 does, adds a few bells and whistles and has much better layout of controls. Wait a few months and it will be more realistically priced, $350 ought to be the top price. Amazon has already shaved $20 off it since I fell for it.    Amazon's packing department ought to go back to school They just threw the flash in a box with one plastic bubble. It banged around a lot during shipping. Poor job.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Dad is into nature shows... After I got my TV, and PS3, I decided to get this one to see the nice shots, and to see how the TV work..  This series is great, Picture is great sound is nice...
B0013D8LCW|5.0|oh my god. My friend and I were on youtube and just saw a part of this movie and immediately wanted to buy it. I'm really glad we did, because its one of the best movies i've seen so far. No, theres no really hardcore sex scene in it. Its just really sweet and touching. Its one of those movies that make you go 'awwww'. I'd recommend this to ANYONE!
B000FVQYYK|5.0|Muse is awesome, and this album just reinforces that assertion. My favorite is 'Starlight' - I could listen to that all day, and frequently do.
0618918248|5.0|While the arguments and examples in the book are very good, I have to say the best part is that it is actually quite enjoyable to read. Dawkins has a subtle wit and a talent for writing which makes a page-turner out of subject matter which is ordinarily quite dull. Well done!
031606792X|5.0|Okay, so if you get grossed out by little things like blood and pain, maybe you should pass on this book. I for one, loved it. The Twilight Saga ended beautifully for me, and I wouldn't change a thing about it. The love between the two main characters is something true, that only some couples actually have the luck to come across. This isn't a book about teenage infatuation, this isn't meant for little adolescent girls, I actually think that its intended for a mature audience. If they even make this book into a movie, I'd be surprised if they can make it PG-13. Stephenie Meyer is amazing, and she kept surprising me with the unexpected. The entire Twilight series is right up there with my all time favorite books, and Meyer is one of my fave authors.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|No kings in this country though John Adams seriously wanted something not far from one at one point in the process of naming our Commanders in Chief, Presidents.  These works will make anyone watching them appreciate the sacrifices made by not only the Founding Fathers, but the Founding Mothers and Founding Siblings.  These folks are portrayed in naked reality, the good, the bad and the ugly.  Be prepared to watch this riveting series front to back.      David McCullough has created a wonderful biography of #2 and hats off to him for it.  What an amazing guy to have done all the research he did and how dynamically and beautifully done the cinematography was, too.  The collaboration between him and HBO's people made for one awe inspiring depiction of what were truly tumultuous times.      The acting is excellent.  Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney are such incredibly convincing actors.  They are simply the tops!  One could do far worse than to see this movie.  The sound track is worth buying, too.  The orchestrations are first rate and play to the period.  [[ASIN:B0016AK0NA John Adams]] Composers Rob Lane and Joseph Vitarelli really evoke the emotions of the era and the people in their works.      The stories about the writing of the book and the making of the movie are well worth watching.  It will make the tyros among us appreciate all the more the great efforts made by the folks who work on these productions.      This material is great enough to make non-historians wannabe historians!  Highly recommended!  If ever you thought American history was boring, this movie will change your mind.  Compliments to Tom Hanks for making a great investment in making Hollywood the most it can be!
0930289234|5.0|I doubt I'm going to say anything that hasn't been said before about the classic graphic novel.  I would recommend this to anyone, and would call is a must read for any fan of comic books.  From the first page I found this to be one of those stores where I didn't want to put it down.  And when I wasn't reading it I was thinking about it.  It starts of as sort of a murder mystery, and ends up, well, some where else entirely.  It's an engrossing read, and very accessible in that this is a stand alone series and it is about characters created for this graphic novel so there is no required back story to know.  It examines the mythos of superheroes while not dwelling on it or having it be the main focus of the plot.  The art work is very good as well, with some neat details hidden in there.  This is the kind of thing that needs to be read multiple times to really get all you can out of it, and I mean that in a good way.
0143038419|3.0|I just finished this book and I really had to push myself to finish it.<br />I had heard all the hype about how good it is, how inspirational, blah blah.  sorry I was disappointed in all aspects.<br />Primarly she had such wonderful material and backdrop for her story.<br />She was in Rome and I did not feel that she excited the reader to go visit.  I know it was not a travel log but the history and culture of the city was missing.  she seemed shallow, even high school like in describing her adventures.  she appeared naive, selfish and totally unrealistic in most of her travels.  the time spent in Bali was depressing.  all she ended up doing there was have a relationship with an older man.  ho hum<br />I concede that she has a marovellous way with words and I really wanted to like this book.  it had all the ingredients to be a winner.<br />but for me it was not cooked in the middle
031606792X|4.0|Once I gave this book a chance and set aside my own preconceived notions, I loved it.  Meyer's writing is consistent, her characters true to themselves, and it is a good Happily Ever After.  Fans of the rest of the series need to give it a chance.
031606792X|4.0|When I heard about all the bad reviews on amazon the morning after [[ASIN:031606792X Breaking Dawn (The Twilight Saga, Book 4)]] came out I got worried that I was in for a huge disappointment. But that was sooo not the case. Yes, this one was different from her other books in many ways, you don't get as much time with the core characters as I'd like, and it feels a little rushed, but you can find complaints with any book, because you didn't write it, you would always do SOMETHING different from the author.   I LOVED this book, even re-reading chapters a couple times as I went along, before moving on to the next one. I was thrilled that everything I hoped for happened and then beyond surprised and happy for all the things I didn't hope for but got anyway.  It was like wishing for a Superman action figure for Christmas and getting Superman, the Fortress of Solitude, a Supergirl Figure and a cool Superman-mobile that changes him back and forth from Clark to Superman!!    My main complaint with this book is that it's over now!!![
0060849827|5.0|I bring this with me every time I go camping. It is very compact, fairly light, and packed with tons of useful info. Much of the info is practical knowledge even if you're not in a survival situation. It is written clearly and well illustrated, and is fun to read. The book is also water resistant and very durable. I have noticed a lot of typos in the book, but I still consider it the best survival book I have seen, and I highly reccomend it. I also have the larger version, which is a little easier to read and contains a bit more info, but the smaller one is very comprehensive and has almost as much information.
0739366416|2.0|I listened twice and I am still not certain about the real message.
B000VNMMQQ|5.0|i like this more then any of the die hard it like a 4 hour movie but its action and entertainment nonstop this is a buy movie not a rent get this movie
B0011N1WE8|4.0|I had purchased this dvd because it had an exclusive clip from the new movie Twilight which is due out 12-12-08.  However, I was pleasantly surpised by the movie itself.  Very fun, solid acting - the great cast is a plus.  Sweet fairytale love story with a twist.
0385338724|1.0|I know there are a lot of readers who love this author and find her books funny.  I wanted to like this book, but I couldn't.  I had a grimace on my face as I read much of it.  Lexi is an incompetent, foolish klutz.  As embarrassing or unfortunate things happened to her, Lexi's knee jerk reactions were to \\"fake it\\" or to lie to others and to herself.  I could not find any sympathy for Lexi, and I did not admire anything about her other than something she did at the end of the book.  Lexi had a horrible sister who was a scam artist and stole from her own family.  Lexi's mother was in denial and wouldn't help Lexi with her lost memories.  These people were no fun to read about.  I found no humor in any of this.<br /><br />Story brief:  In 2004, Lexi works for a carpet company at the low end of the pay scale.  In 2007, she has a car accident and wakes up not remembering anything about the previous three years.  She finds that during those three years, she became a high paid executive at the carpet company.  She was tough on her employees and they disliked her.  She also found she was married to someone she had no memory of.<br /><br />I loved this author's earlier book \\"Can You Keep a Secret,\\" which had me laughing a lot.  Maybe the reason I liked it was because much of the story involved Jack.  Jack asked Emma questions in front of other people and as she answered the questions with lies, she knew that he knew she was lying.  Unfortunately I didn't find similar or any humor in \\"Remember Me?\\"<br /><br />Sexual language: none.  Number of sex scenes: none.  Setting: 2007 London.  Copyright: 2008.  Genre: chick lit.<br /><br />For a list of my reviews of other Sophie Kinsella books, see my 5 star review of \\"Can You Keep a Secret\\" posted 2/21/07.
B0013URJTG|5.0|This is my favorite Porcupine Tree album.   The new stereo mix sounds so much clearer than the original, and makes me love the album more.  The 5.1 mix is great and adds new dimension to the band (as usual).
B001APM46W|4.0|When it came down to the 90's, George Michael really did have a huge share of blows. He lost a major court battle with Sony music, in regards to demanding to be released from his contract due to artist rights, as well as dealt with the devistating deaths of his then partner, and his mother from complications of cancer. Nevertheless, he continued his way into his music. Unfortunately, that wasn't there in America because of a long-term absence from making music. George went on to Dreamworks SKG in America for his 1996 album, Older, which sadly wasn't there in record sales in America. He still showed his status overseas with the album selling over 8 million. Unfortunately for American die hard George Michael fans, Older had been out of print for a very long time until just now.<br /><br />The 2008 re-release of George Michael's 1996 album Older, has finally made it to C.D. yet again. In response to the surprise success George has recently had with his music returning to the American airwaves thanks to the ABC show Eli Stone, and his second greatest hits collection, Twenty-Five earlier this year, Older still feels like a breath of fresh air. While the songs have been remastered very well, the album doesn't really add any gimmicks or extras from the original release. Still, the album contains a lot of classic songs that feel more subdued and intimate, in regards with his 1990's surroundings of life. The album includes the mellow and somber hits Jesus To A Child and You Have Been Loved, all the way to the strong dance beats of Fastlove and Spinning the Wheel. The songs here show a feeling that is much deeper in heart and soul, than what George had showed with success with his earlier records, Faith & Listen Without Prejudice Volume 1, that matches the deep and dark moods within the soul of the album.<br /><br />All in all, Older shows what George Michael has done best throughout his career, and that really is making quality music from the soul, not for overexposure or cheap tricks, unlike other acts today that are just about hype than heart like Miley Cyrus or Britney Spears. If you have not yet heard the moods from Older, you now have a second chance to hear what feels more than just Jesus To A Child, and just simply the heart and soul of a great overlooked treasure that is George Michael.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: B+<br /><br />Price: B 1/2+<br /><br />Remastering: B+<br /><br />Overall: B 1/2+<br /><br />1,500th Review!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ke other acts today that are just about hype than heart like Miley Cyrus or Britney Spears. If you have not yet heard the moods from Older, you now have a second chance to hear what feels more than just Jesus To A Child, and just simply the heart and soul of a great overlooked treasure that is George Michael.    Album Cover: B    Songs: B+    Price: B 1/2+    Remastering: B+    Overall: B 1/2+    1,500th Review!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
031606792X|3.0|I did not like the way the beginning was shaping until I began reading the third section entitled \\"Bella\\".  Don't get me wrong the beginning was well written and even entertaining, but I did not want the complications of a baby in Bella's and Edward's life.  However by the time the book ended I felt like the story should have turned out that way.  I love \\"happy everafters\\" and this book ends that way.  I say read the book if you're curious as to how everything works out for Bella, Edward, and Jacob.  This book ends the saga well.
031606792X|4.0|I have been avoiding this page because a friend of mine said that she read some pretty harsh reviews.  I have to say though that I felt the book was one of Stephanie Meyers best yet.  I read slowly and yet finished the book in only two days.  It was an amazing page turner that kept me gasping with shock and anticipation.  I think when people don't like this book it is more liekly to be because they wanted a different ending, rather than because it was bas storytelling.  I think Stephanie Meyer out did herself with this novel, because with an ending so far from what I was expecting, I did not once feel like she lost the core who the characters where. As an English major at Rutgers I read amazing and classic books often, and yet when I get home I am still exciting for Bella and Edward, their story is so real to me, and I easily drop into their world.  Stephanie Meyer is a great story teller...Loved the Book!  Loved the Series!  Can't wait to see more from one of my favorite new authors.
1577314808|4.0|In-so-far as content, I think this is a great book, because of the importance of what it discusses.  For people who have not ever considered spirituality, mind, body, spirit...I think this would be difficult to get through.  This would not be the first book that I would recommend to anyone who maybe seeking \\"self\\" knowledge.  As the \\"next\\" book to read...perhaps...
B000286SCO|5.0|These two DVDs really show the progress of the band in the 90's, and are very enjoyable to watch.  Great live performances with halarious home video footage in between.  And both with commentary tracks from the band!  Well worth the price.
B0001Z53MY|2.0|The sound on this cd was very bad.  Using my imagination I could hear the way the songs sounded originally, but this cd was a big disappointment.  Would not recommend it to anyone.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is a great exercise program no matter your level.  I started on step two and was a bit sorry, though I'll stick with it because step 1 is a bit too easy for me.  The moves are not hard to learn, and you can add more weight to make some of them harder if need be.  I don't find Jillian bossy at all, in fact she's much nicer on the dvd than on the Biggest Loser.  To those who hated the music - if you can concentrate that much on the music, you simply aren't working out hard enough.  I barely noticed it.  It'll be a while before I can expect to complete step 3, which is what I want.  All in all, it really is a tough workout in 20 minutes or so.  It will make you sweat when you don't have a full hour.  I would have liked to have seen more specific ab time, because my upper body strength isn't where I'd like it to be, so doing the plank moves to get the abs in, is going to take a while.  It's the one area I have to cheat.
0739367676|5.0|Sorry to those of you who didn't like it but after all this story was about Bella & Edward, so all in all I was pleased with the way things went. I am now just not ready to let them go.
B0016NF06O|5.0|I loved this CD right from the start. With subsequent plays I found new things to admire . Unfortunately my wife's car CD player loves it even more than I and won't give it up. Now if I want to hear it I have to beg my wife for her keys. It's a bit of a bummer.  Ron Neyvatte
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|This is a wonderful and beautiful movie. Gary Cooper is fantastic. My father-in -law turned us on to this movie years ago and it has been of favorite of our ever since.
B0017I1FP8|5.0|This has to be one of the best movie soundtrack I have ever heard. I'm already a good fan of Mr. Zimmer's work. The soundtrack moves very quickly giving you a mix of excitement and relaxation, taking you on an incredible journey. All tracks are unique and each have a different sound. You will wish that some tracks were longer, but the last track 'The Dark Night' really makes up for it at 16:50 (which is my favorite track anyway).
031606792X|2.0|Three main flaws emerge in Mrs. Meyer's Breaking Dawn that ultimately prove to be the downfall of the work. Out of character behavior, a failure to \\"show\\" key plot twists, and multiple plot holes and their repercussions mark the eternal doom of this lovable saga. I want to begin by emphasizing that I enjoyed the first three books in the saga. Mrs. Meyer created characters that millions adored, and her work although targeted to a young adult readership, drew people from all age groups. Several major themes ran throughout the first three books that I anticipated encountering in BD: the sacrifice involved in becoming immortal, the daily struggle of being immortal, and the value of humanity in the face of love. Mrs. Meyer showed that although Bella and Edward fell deeply in love with one another, they also chose that love and committed to one another despite overcoming multiple obstacles.   What I liked most about Eclipse was the \\"compromise\\" storyline where we got to see Edward and Bella hash out their differences and come to agreements. I thought that was a great message to send to a YA audience. I quite admired the stance that SM took in her portrayal of the physical side of their relationship. Mrs. Meyer showed that these two characters put considerable thought in spite of temptation into their decision to remain chaste until marriage. Then, in BD she threw the baby out with the bathwater. This review contains multiple spoilers below. If you have not read the book you might want to stop reading at this point.    First, we have the problem that in her newest book Meyer's characters do not behave like Meyer's characters. The baby storyline effectively illustrates this point. Edward's fault, Mrs. Meyer states on her website is his tendency to overreact. We see illustrated at the beginning of BD with his choice of a new car for her, a missile proof car. It makes absolutely no sense, therefore, that Edward would not approach having intercourse with his wife with the sameamount of planning, thought, and care. Why would he take her to a deserted island if there is a realistic fear that he could lose control and drink her dry? Why would someone who has been through medical school TWICE not use birth control of some form if the process of having sex for the first time (and SM has gone to great lengths to tell us that Bella is a virgin). He fears missiles blowing up his wife and does not protect her from his own personal missiles? If Mrs. Meyer wants to have her characters conceive a child and break the laws of her vampire world that is her right as the author. She failed, however, to give a realistic explanation (according to the laws of her universe) as to precisely how that occurred in a way that was consistent with her characterization. How did Alice, with all her visions, NOT see this? Edward's reaction to her pregnancy is perhaps the most glaring case of acting out of character. In declaring that she will have an abortion, Edward goes completely against everything we have learned about him up to this point. Edward, who mentioned several times wistfully about how he would have loved to be a father, refers to his child as \\"the fetus\\", which again, is out of character. Edward, who is so jealous of his wife's feelings for Jacob that he is strongly tempted to kill him at the end of Eclipse offers his wife as chattel if Jacob would \\"service\\" her? A key component of her characterization of the Cullens has been their dedication to avoiding human blood and the dangers that Bella faced in simply being a human around them. How could someone, who started a rampage with a papercut in New Moon, not create a feeding frenzy by drinking blood out of a cup in front of the entire family? The reaction of the Quilete wolves to the baby is also inconsistent. They go on the rampage to murder an unborn child rather than simply order the Cullens to leave? Having the pack show up in the finale only compounds the problem. Now that I have illustrated multiple ways that Mrs. Meyer abandons her characters, it raises the issues of the material she omits from the book.    The second problem with BD occurs because Mrs. Meyer leaves out key scenes that could have helped explain her plot. This issue is rather ironic given the length of the book. Meyer adds in sections that should have been eliminated and and fails to add sections that would have greatly helped. I felt that she lost an opportunity to present her young readers with a thoughtful view of sexuality between spouses. She spent the first three books building up to the wedding night with increasingly explicit scenes and then failed to deliver the goods. Showing us the feathers and broken headboards - while amusing, ducked the issue. I was even more disappointed in her treatment of the issue because a key theme was Edward's fear that he could kill his wife. Meyer who has always had Bella put Edward as the center of her universe, now reduces Bella to begging and weeping for sex when she wakes up with bruises. I found it rather ironic that Meyer tiptoes through the non-sex scenes yet has Edward EAT his wife's uterus during the birth scene. Included in the glaring omissions is the discussion Bella had with Rosalie when she enlists her aid. More importantly, we do not get to see Edward and Bella discussing the pregnancy or the ramifications of it in a manner that shows us why they behaved in the ways that they did. By NOT showing this dialogue, it takes the compromise storyline from Eclipse and nullifies it. Using Jacob as the narrator cut the heart out of Bella's story. We do not get to see the interplay (or dialogue) between Edward and Bella that we so enjoyed in the last three books. We just get to see the fallout. And Meyer spends far too much time with the blond jokes injecting humor into what is supposed to be such a dark period. It throws off the tone of the section.     The third major flaw in BD concerns the plot holes. Having Jacob imprint on a newborn baby, a child, mind you, that he was just about to murder was a disservice to the character and the plot. Jacob is saved from infanticide by his animalistic shapeshifter instincts? Talk about lack of free will. Although I seriously doubt SM intended the plot device to be interpreted in this way, having an adult male as the caretaker of a child that he plans on marrying could be interpreted as the glorification of pedophilia. The supersonic growth rate of Nessie only serves to underscore this issue. Mrs. Meyer's desire to give everyone a happy ending results in her breaking and bending the laws of her own universe without bothering to give adequate grounding to her readers.     Breaking Dawn in my opinion represented a decent first draft that needed many revisions. There were elements of it that I very much liked and elements of it that I found extremely disappointing. I had hoped to see more character growth in BD. I had hoped to see more relational growth in BD. And in several ways with various elements, SM failed to give me both. I applaud her gutsy decision to put the marriage right at the beginning of the book. So many stories end with the couple driving off to live happily ever after as soon as the marriage ceremony takes place. I actually found the immortal child storyline to be interesting particularly the elements that addressed vampire history and vampire cultural taboos. Frankly, I would have not have minded the baby storyline had she bothered to effectively back up her plot. I liked how she gave Rosalie and Leah sympathetic roles and interesting things to do. I enjoyed the sections where Edward was starting to bond with his child. Not all of BD in my opinion was bad, I simply expected better from an author who has shown such promise in the past.     The ending showdown with the Volturi played like the book had turned into a courtroom drama. Bella skipping over her newborn period and becoming the perfect vampire was disappointing because I had hoped that SM would follow her canon and carry Bella's flaws into her change. Bella should have still been clumsy as a vampire. SM spent so much time arguing that becoming a vampire was a sacrifice and although the transition certainly illustrated that Bella experienced pain, we do not get to see much more sacrificing on Bella's part. Bella as a vampire becomes completely unrelatable.    I sincerely hope that Mrs. Meyers listens to the critiques that many have posted including the ones by professionals. I do not begrudge her the right to do with her characters what she will. I simply wish she would have spent more time on her characterization in order to strengthen her story. It seems like she was so desperate to give everyone a happy ending that she sacrificed her integrity as an author in the process. Her responses to criticisms in interviews and in the press have been irritating. If she is going to insist that she does not write for young adult audience, then she loses her argument about why illustrating premarital abstinence is so important. Telling me that I need to read the book again implies that I was not capable of understanding it the first time. Telling me that if I love the characters I will want what is best for them, again, is a flimsy argument. I appreciate the characters, yet I want to understand why they make the choices that they do. Telling me that my reaction is the \\"Rob effect\\" and that once time has passed I will cool down and fall in love with her book again is insulting to my intelligence. Telling me that when she writes her characters take control and she can not help what they do means that she is refusing to take responsibility for her artistic choices. Telling me that she had planned the baby storyline from the beginning illustrates to me that for someone who pondered an idea for several years, she failed to put the work into the writing to execute her plot. I can understand that hearing such howls of protest from her fans must be painful. I wish no ill willtoward her. I sincerely hope that she learns from this experience, fires her editors, and takes more time on her next book. And I genuinely wish she has her own happy ending.
0307120007|1.0|Overall just kind of cheap feeling.  I'm pretty sure my daughter will destoy this soon.  The bunny fur already came off in big clumps with the first pat.  I would return it but who has the time as a busy mom??
B000W0DE7O|4.0|This is obviously a perfect concert from a perfect live band as is Simply Red, but I was a little dissapointed with amazon, because the dvd is made in Argentina, and I cannot understand why amazon USA don't deliver the made in USA or UK or EU product.  Amazon pls add the country of origin of each product in your web.   Thank you!
B0014I4KIK|4.0|Very listenable.  Not quite what we expected from interview and snippets on NPR but enjoyed most tracts on cd.
031606792X|4.0|so i know that a ton of fans were really bummed when they read this book and that they thought it sent a bad message and was mysoginistic and that all it says is that you need a husband and a baby and everything will be ok. but i really don't think that was was SM was trying to say.       as soon as i finished BD i felt empty inside and sad that it was over and that it had such a lame ending. i felt jipped becasue i had read somewhere that werewolves can't imprint on vampires and vampires can't get pregnant. she told us those things. she didn't say that half vampires can be imprinted on or that guy-vamps can get people knocked up becasue if she said that we would've known what was coming.       but now that i have thought about it, the whole series was about finding out what you need and what you want. in twilight bella wanted and then later needed edward. in new moon she wanted edward and needed jacob. in eclipse she wanted both of them.       Edward wanted bella to marry him, he didn't want to change her just for himself, he didn't want her to lose out on any human experiences she might want later in life and he wanted her forever.       jacob wanted to imprint on bella and get edward out of the picture.       bella got edward and jacob stuck around. edward and her got married and (suprise suprise) she got pregnant. then edward got to change her to save her life and not just because he wanted to have her forever. and jacob did imprint on a part of her. a part that bella would now argue it the most important part of her.        of course this is not going to change people's mindns about BD but i remember when we all read new moon and hated it becasue edward wasn't there but then when we read it again it was better. i think that no matter how much you hated it the first time, you should read it again and this time, keep your mind open to bella's point of view. most of you are mad because it didn't happen the way you wanted it to. but i happened perfectly for bella.she has forever to mature and i'm sure jacob will not stop phasing for a LONG time just to be with them all. i really hope SM continues with Nessie's story even thought the poor kids has a crazy pitiful name...
031606792X|1.0|This book was terrible.  The first three in the saga weren't exactly what I would call groundbreaking, but they were entertaining.  This book almost felt like the author only had one more shot at this series and decided to cram a 15 year time line into a few months.  It was unrealistic even by fantasy standards, cheesy, and poorly written.  Save your money and take the advice of just about every reviewer who chimed in.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|American history seem boring? Watch this miniseries and you'll discover that it's not quite that simple.
0061122416|5.0|This makes a great graduation idea. A simple, timeless, classic about the fact we're always searching when what we need is right where we are.
0609610570|5.0|The title \\"execution\\" may make you think this book is about executing decisions after they have been made. This is not at all the case. This book describes everything you have to do to develop strategies that are likely to succeed. It describes three processes, the strategic process, the people process and the operational process. The book describes in the most detail the people process. If you do not have the right people in the right positions the strategic process and operational processes will fail. These three processes are interdependent. The interdependence and the processes are described very clearly.  That enables you to test if you are operating the right way.  The book describes \\"operationalizing\\" culture. The book describes operationalizing culture, where culture is defined as the sum of its shared values, beliefs and norms of behaviour. It is a very good chapter with an example of the wrong culture and right culture. The book from Louis Gerstner \\"Who says elephants can't dance is very helpful as is \\"From Good To Great\\" by Jim Collins. culture is defined as the sum of its shared values, beliefs and norms of behaviour. It is a very good chapter with an example of the wrong culture and right culture. It is a major challenge to figure out what the culture should be. The book from Louis Gerstner \\"Who says elephants can't dance\\" is very helpful as is \\"From Good To Great\\" by Jim Collins on this point.  Dialogue is also described as an essential part of operationalising culture. It is a very important goal requiring a great deal of skill and effort you should not underestimate. The book \\"On dialogue\\" from David Bohm is worth reading as it explains very lucidly all the obstacles you have to be overcome.  The \\"execution\\" book presents an excellent framework of processes that include establishing the right culture, using, what are referred to as \\"robust\\" and \\"candid\\"dialogues
B00005JPCF|5.0|Ok, OI agree, there are some parts of Happy Feet that are not, well, HAPPY... BUT - THIS IS A CARTOON PEOPLE!! I THINK we all know that penguins can NOT tap dance, nor do they speak like we do (WHY do you think they show Mumble SPEAKING to the humans from the tank (right after he's caught) so WE at HOME can understand him, but CLARIFY it to show how he actually souds to the humans in the movie? There ARE some inconsistancies & some vague (NOT offensive!)adult humor moments (ie - the rewording of Prince's \\"KISS\\" for example) - but isn't that what makes watching this with our children just a BIT more fun for us as adults?  Speaking as a single mom of 4 - a 16 y/o daughter, a 13 y/o son & Autistic 3/o twins - THEY ALL LOVE IT (& so do I for that matter!) We can watch this OVER & OVER!! I'm trying to get my hands on a new copy of this & FINDING NEMO - another AWESOME \\"kid's\\" movie because all the kids have watched this so often that the disc is finally starting to show some wear & \\"skippage\\".. In fact, this was an Easter gift when the DVD was 1st released - NOT for my wee ones - BUT FOR MY OLDEST!! The animation in this movie is aamzin & it entrances my twins.. The songs & MOST of the dialog are easy enough that even my twin that CAN'T really speak has tried to emulate what he's hearing - my OTHER twin can recite this word for word.. If you are SO worried about the \\"message\\" that the movie is sending - TALK to you child/ren... Most of them understand the subtleties better than you think... PLUS - if THIS is so offensive - What about all the Old Disney movies (Sleeping Beauty? Snow White? - I know Fantasia scared ME silly when I was a kid...) Or the old Fables & fairy tales we tell our kids (Hansel & Gretel anyone?) - They ALL had some sort of \\"message\\" to relay - but most were scarrier than all get out...  Get over it people - this movie DESERVES all the accolades & awards it won... It was fun, well thought out, well put together & I would rather something like this than most of the other \\"stuff\\" out now (Pokemon? Bratz?)  Relax, enjoy & get those panties out of a bunch - it's just a PENGUIN movie... :)
031606792X|1.0|I was very disappointed in this book. There was no conflict anywhere. I thought it would have an ending closer to Wurthering Heights, since Bella loved that book. But instead everyone was happy at the end. How does a werewolf imprint on a 1/2 human 1/2 vampire? How can that be the best match?  Not 1 person died in this book. Just a vampire. I would have loved to see Bella stay human a bit longer and have to deal with her ability to get into trouble easily. How can she drink blood when she couldn't even be in a room where blood was spilled? As others have said this book doesn't seem to feel like the rest of the series, there are too many contradictions from the first 3. I needed to give my 3 cents worth. Thanks.
B0006OMNYQ|5.0|The DK-19 very easily mounts onto the D3 or D700 (and, for that matter, also on the D2 series as well as the F6 and probably most other Nikon cameras with a round eyepiece) without the need of any adapters or anything.  All you need is the DK-19 -- and you need to read (and follow) the instructions that come with it -- and you are all set.<br /><br />I have no idea what kind of problems the other reviewer had -- it almost seems as if Carlos had written about attaching the DK-3 to a D200 (or some other camera with rectangular viewfinder).  For the DK-3 to fit on the D200 one indeed needs the DK-22 adapter and a couple more pieces.  Yet, as I said, this is not the case for the DK-19, at least not when you attach it to a D3 or D700.<br /><br />The DK-19 eyepiece forms a seal between eye and viewfinder and thus keeps out stray light that may otherwise distract the photographer (or maybe even the light meter).  This accessory is nothing super-fancy, but it does what it is supposed to very well.  It is cheap enough to just buy it to try it -- and I'll bet once you have tried it you'll love it.
0385340567|2.0|Not up to the standards of the prvious Reacher novels and seemingly taking a different track altogether.  I\\"ve avidly read every Reacher novel, and was sorely disappointed by this one.  Every series reaches a point where the author struggles for material and starts to insert him/herself into the protagonist, including the author's politics.  Whether this is a sincere expression of the quthor's opinions or a result of achieving fame and rubbbing elbos with \\"like minded\\" (or closed-minded) people in the business,  Childs is starting to flirt dangerously with that approach, starting to taint good storylines with the author's political agenda.  Very subtle in this book, but likely to get worse.  This is my last Reacher novel; I'll remember the first ones with appreciation for Child's talent; thanks Lee for everything up to now, but it's time for Reacher to disappear into the sunset for good.[[ASIN:0385340567 Nothing to Lose (Jack Reacher Novels)]]
185984054X|1.0|Here's [an] example of how Hitchens proceeds. He begins one chapter quoting Mother Teresa on why her congregation has taken a special vow to work for the poor. \\"This vow,\\" she exclaimed, \\"means that we cannot work for the rich; neither can we accept money for the work we do. Ours has to be a free service, and to the poor.\\" A few pages later, after citing numerous cash awards that her order has received, Hitchens writes \\"if she is claiming that the order does not solicit money from the rich and powerful, or accept it from them, this is easily shown to be false.\\"    Hitchens isn't being sloppy here, just dishonest. He knows full well that there is a world of difference between soliciting money from the rich and working for them. Furthermore, he knows full well that Mother Teresa never even implied that she wouldn't accept money from the rich. And precisely whom should she--or anyone else--accept money from, if not the rich? Would it make Hitchens feel better if the middle class were tapped and the rich got off scot free? Would it make any sense to take from the poor and then give it back to them? Who's left?    Hitchens smells politics whenever Mother Teresa supports moral causes he objects to. For example, in 1988, while in London tending to the homeless, Mother Teresa was asked to meet with Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. She did. She also met a pro-life legislator. So? For Hitchens, this shows the political side of Mother Teresa. Forget for a moment that Mother Teresa is perhaps the most noted pro-life advocate alive, and that abortion is first and foremost a moral issue. And does anyone doubt that had she met with a politician interested in socialized medicine, Hitchens would be citing her humanity, not her politics?    Mother Teresa has tended to the sick and poor all over the world. She doesn't pick and choose which countries to go to on the basis of internal politics, and this explains why she has visited both right-wing repressive nations like Haiti and left-wing repressive nations like Albania. Hitchens can't stomach this and indicts Mother Teresa for servicing dictatorships. Now if his logic is to be followed here, then most Peace Corps workers and Red Cross personnel are guilty of courting despots. This may make sense to those who write for the Nation, but no one else can be expected to believe it.    In exemplary Catholic fashion, Mother Teresa comes to the poor not out of sentimentality, but out of love. No matter how impoverished and debased the poor are, they are still God's children, all of whom possess human dignity. This is not something Hitchens can accept. An unrelenting secularist, he cannot comprehend how Mother Teresa can console the terminally ill by saying, \\"You are suffering like Christ on the cross. So Jesus must be kissing you.\\"    Hitchens is so far gone that he cannot make sense of Christ's admonition that \\"The poor will always be with you.\\" Not surprisingly, Hitchens says \\"I remember as a child finding this famous crack rather unsatisfactory. Either one eschews luxury and serves the poor or one does not.\\" But he just doesn't get it: Mother Teresa eschews luxury and serves the poor, yet not for a moment does she believe that she is conquering poverty in the meantime. Only someone hopelessly wedded to a materialist vision of the world would think otherwise.    Hitchens also objects to Mother Teresa's asceticism (if she lived the Life of Riley he would condemn her for that). He charges that her operation in Bengal is \\"a haphazard and cranky institution which would expose itself to litigation and protest were it run by any branch of the medical profession.\\" Hitchens would prefer that the Bengalis force Mother Teresa to follow regulations established by the Department of Health and Human Services before attending to her work. It does not matter to him that Mother Teresa and her loyal sisters have managed to do what his saintly bureaucrats have never done--namely to comfort the ill and indigent.    Itis jealously, not ideology, that propels Hitchens to criticize Mother Teresa for receiving the Nobel Peace Prize. He wonders \\"what she had ever done, or even claimed to do, for the cause of peace.\\" (His accent.) This is a strange comment coming as it does from one of those \\"If You Want Peace, Work For Justice\\" types. And it apparently never occurred to Hitchens that it is precisely Mother Teresa's humility that disallows her to grandstand before the world trumpeting her own work. A true crusader for the underclass, Mother Teresa is not in the habit of claiming to do anything. She is too busy practicing what others are content to preach.    If receiving the Nobel Peace Prize angered Hitchens, it is safe to say he suffered from apoplexy when he read Mother Teresa's acceptance speech. In it, she took the occasion to say that \\"Today, abortion is the worst evil, and the greatest enemy of peace.\\" Hitchens labels her speech a \\"diatribe\\" that is riddled with \\"fallacies and distortions,\\" none of which he identifies, preferring instead to say that there \\"is not much necessity for identifying\\" them. Not, it should be added, if your goal is a smear campaign.    It is ironic that after hurling one unsubstantiated charge after another that Hitchens ends his little book by saying, \\"It is past time she [Mother Teresa] was subjected to the rational critique that she has evaded so arrogantly and for so long.\\" It would be more accurate to say that it is one more source of her greatness that Mother Teresa never evades anything, including irrational tracts written by vindictive authors. The arrogance is all his, because in the end, Hitchens hasn't even laid a glove on her.
031606792X|5.0|There are alot of criticisms of the book, which in my opinion do not hold up, and are poorly constructed arguments, however i loved Breaking Dawn. No i am not a 14 year old Edward obsessed fangirl, i'm an 18 year old one (that was a joke). I have loved every single book in the Twilight saga, and the only thing i wanted from this book was to find out what Stephenie Meyer intended for her characters. I probably would have been pleased with any outcome simply because it would be ending a story i have followed so avidly. There are many unexpected things in the book, some that do not make sense scientifically but are no less amazing as a story, and some things that are expected and i think were hoped for by many fans of the Twilight series. I put the book down being extremely pleased with everything that happened, and unfortunately came across an internet full of criticisms of it, which ruined my \\"I love Breaking Dawn\\" mood.
B0019IB26I|3.0|OK, I bought both on release and for me the DVD was MUCH better.    First was just the overall look of the dvd - the commentary was a nice touch, great editing.    The MAJOR disappointment on the audio CD was well, the audio.  It's all over the place. Loud one minute, muddy another.  How they got the sound on the DVD so perfectly and then to jack up the audio CD is beyond me.
031606792X|5.0|I couldn't be more pleased with Breaking Dawn.  I imagined the outcome I wanted from it, and I was prepared to be disappointed just in case, but I was wrong.  I found nothing that I would want different.   I knew that it would be the final of the SAGA of the Twilight series.  I knew that I wanted a happy ending, but I never dreamed up that it would be THIS good!  It was BETTER than I could have hoped for. It was my favorite book of the four!  It has so many twists and surprises, and the unexpected thing that occurs was more than I could have prayed for.  It touched me in such a good way, that I felt like I was Bella, and I felt her pain and her happiness.    (SPOILERS)--    I think that Stephenie Meyer was brilliant the way that she tied up the ending.  It was so climatic, and I think that Bella sacrificed her all to have the love child of Edward and herself, because she is just so full of love.  Even the way that Bella became a vampire was so cunning.  She was literally on her deathbed because she wanted to give life to her baby because it was a part of her and Edward.  I thought that the way Edward saved her was so gripping, and it was sacrifice of love all around.  It was a tragedy that Bella nearly lost her life, and the way that Stephenie wrote her transformation was ingenius. It compelled me to keep reading, and I could not put it down.    I think the most dynamic part that makes Breaking Dawn my favorite is...  (MAJOR SPOILER)--  How Bella finally discovers her gift of being the Shield, and how in the end, Edward can FINALLY read her mind when she wills him to, and that made me cry.  I never even thought of that, and I wanted to see Edward read her mind and know why he couldn't, and Breaking Dawn brought that to us.  This book was everything I'd wanted it to be, and I am so happy with it.  I think it is the BEST work of Stephenie Meyer yet, and I am amazed at how the plot was laid out.  I couldn't even guess the outcome, which to me, is what it takes to makethe book a success, which it is.   I am completely satisfied with the book.    Furthermore, for Jacob, he got the best part of Bella, her daughter, so everyone was happy.  There's nothing better than reading the ending of a dynamic novel and sighing with contentmnet.  I sure did.  What makes me sad, is that these readers who claim to love Stephenie's work and revere her so much, pick apart the book, saying that Bella didn't sacrifice anything, and that the story sends a wrong message.  No, its about unconditional love...Bella was giving her life and she knew she was dying, hello.  And there was no other way that the Volturi would have been defeated without Bella using her gift to defeat them.  The Cullens would have all suffered because the Volturi were powerful and our Cullen family would have all died.   And that would have brought us a heartbreaking ending, so what lover of the series would want that?    It was a happy ending, and that is all that I think we should ask for, so why try to fix something that isn't broken?    I give it 5 stars...and I think that every REAL Twilighter should love it, because it could not have been better.  I cannot think of a way to improve it, only that it met my expectations beyond than I hoped.  I cannot wait for another book by Stephenie, I look forward to reading Midnight Sun.
0143038583|5.0|Spoon River College in Illinois is using this book as one of 3 texts used in its Intro. to Philosophy class.  This book opens so many excellent questions about philosophy and ethics that it makes excellent intellectual fodder.
B000B8QG4A|4.0|Thanks so much for sending this so fast - I didn't realize the cover was in French (?) No big deal, maybe I misread something, but the movie plays great and we are satisfied.  Thanks!
B00008RWBF|5.0|Everything is this book is so good, you want to make it all in one day.  It brings back the old days when my grandmother was alive and the family got together for holiday dinners.
B000SUKPKM|4.0|Many people have commented on the lack of pre-\\"Dizzy Up the Girl\\" hits such as \\"Name\\".   While this is a valid point, there is a likely reason for this: Before 1995 (release date for DUtG), drummer Mike Malinin was not a member of the band. Therefore, the previous albums do not feature him on drums (George Tutuska is the man behind the percussion there).  So while their previous stuff is good, it's not really the work of all the current members. This also explains the new version of \\"Name\\".  In my opinion, the Goo Goo Dolls are one of the greatest bands of the late-90s and on. Their longevity only further proves this. What other 90s band do you still see pumping out hits and continuing to expand their fan base?   Mike has been a large part of this, so I think it's natural that the majority of songs include him as the original drummer.
031606792X|4.0|I am a 40-something year old mom of a 12 year old daughter. I read each book before she did and the series was something we enjoyed together and bonded over.   I am completely taken aback by the 1-star reviews on here that completely dismiss the entertainment provided by Breaking Dawn beause they feel Stephenie sent the \\"wrong message\\" to her younger readers. WAKE UP! It's not Stephenie Meyers job as an author to teach morals and the importance of making good choices to our youth. It is the job of PARENTS. I get so sick of people pointing fingers at the media, at everyone besides the parents for the lack of morals, ethics and ill-made choices of our children. Stephenie Meyers did not take our children to raise. She simply wove together a wonderful story that was both entertaining and uplifting. If you're looking for more than that, the sit down with your children and TALK to them. Don't hand them a bunch of books and expect them to get the best life lessons.  THAT said, I did not find the book disappointing. Surprising, yes. In many places, a little OUT there. Pregnant Bella? Really? Nessie? Jacob imprinting on the half-vampire child of his one love and her vampire husband? Reallllly??? Well, no. NOT really. It's a book of FICTION where stuff like that is allowed.   So, kudos to Stephenie Meyers who gave many of her fans the happy ending they were hoping for, for the characters they'd grown to care about.
B001AUKUS6|3.0|This one is not as solid as Out Of The Cellar, but has quite a few classics like \\"You're In Love\\", \\"Lay It Down\\", \\"You Should Know By Now\\", \\"Give It All\\", and \\"What You Give Is What You Get\\".     Songs like \\"Between The Eyes\\", \\"Got Me On The Line\\", and \\"Closer To My Heart\\", and for me even \\"Dangerous But Worth The Risk\\" are borderine on filler material, although each has parts that I like...they are not songs I ever get too excited about hearing when I put this disc in.    And I know we are not supposed to talk about price on here, but 4.97?? Wow, I think I paid about 12 dollars back in the day to get this one fresh off the rack, and now it's under 5 bucks?     For what it's worth these guys were near the front of the so called hair metal/bands of the very early 80's, and even though they may be considered cheesey or a guilty pleasure today, they were around before it got ridiculous in the mid to late 80's with clone bands and cookie cutter rock...so for the price I say go for it. And really for what is featured on this CD, you won't be sorry...this is the good stuff from the era.
B000Q66PXE|4.0|This is a very interesting program. Much better than any thing else done about the Roman empire.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|Another B movie Drive-In Theater Grindhouse production. I enjoyed Kurt Russell and the rest the cast in this fun 70s style horror emulating many of the movies back then like Death Race 2000 made in 1975. Although I didn't find this quite as entertaining as Grindhouse Planet Terror, I still think it is worth at least a rental and for this low low price for this two disc set I went ahead and bought a copy. Russell plays a heartless stunt driver bent on killing women. Unfortunately for him he runs across the wrong group of ladies that want some payback. The dialogue isn't as good as \\"Pulp Fiction\\" and \\"Kill Bill\\" so characters aren't as appealing. That and the cast isn't as impressive as Planet Terror. You may find yourself distracted so try and hang in there for the action sequences. Afterall I don't know about you but I saw the real movies like this in the 70s and they weren't all that gripping all the entire time and during those slow moments we got popcorn and sodas. Good quality DVD with some replayability. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Planet Terror\\", \\"Kill Bill\\", and \\"Sin City\\". - C. Luster
0425220931|5.0|This Book just changed the way i feel music, and how it relates to people and life... a must read for every musician!
B000R7HY0K|4.0|It's true; Death Proof starts out a bit slow.  Don't quit on Tarantino, however, because he eventually delivers.  If you've enjoyed his past works, stick around for the ride and you will be pleasantly entertained.<br /><br />On one hand, this movie is ground-breakingly original.  It's a seamless blend of various genres, with great camera work and character development, and an homage to old fashioned movie-making that is so devoted as to foregoing various modern film-making advances - so much so that the entire film is full of cigarette burns, screen flickers, and color changes that accentuate the action and overall tone being conveyed.  On the other hand, it's an effort in exaggeration, with nearly everything on-screen coming across as a bit forced; it's almost like Tarantino is following his own script at this point, attempting to live up to his own hype.  What has made him famous is the originality and unique style, but it's as if he's trying desperately to repeat everything he's done for his fans previously.  And in the end, it's PERFECT.<br /><br />With that said, it's quintessential Tarantino, from the ingenious dialogue (aside from the overuse of profanity) and random movie inserts (Big Red!) to the quirky, close-up angles and the ubiquitous foot fetish scenes.  Appreciate the yin and yang of the long character buildups because they get totally flipped upside down when least expected.  Relish in the shocks, because they're sudden, and you won't see them coming.  In my favorite part of the movie there's an absolutely epic car crash scene in which four different characters meet their demise, and the scene is replayed four times just to show how each dies tragically - and as a side note, when spinning tire meets face, tire wins.<br /><br />The summary of the movie is essentially Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell), finding, stalking, and murdering groups of young, attractive women, by driving directly through them in a moment of carnage from which he narrowly escapes alive because of his death proof stunt-car.  Stuntman Mike is sadistic to the point of psychosis, taunting the women as he toys with their lives; and in each altercation, the end result is meaningless, no matter who dies the audience wins.  Typically, he gets the better of each encounter, but when he runs into a daredevil group of professional stuntwomen his luck changes.<br /><br />Making a great cameo reappearance alongside the cock-eyed, initial victim of Beatrix Kiddo's string of revenge murders in Kill Bill is the father-son cowboy cop combo who investigated the wedding day massacre.  They work their way through the first Stuntman Mike situation in the same clever, humorous manner as they did the chapel.  They provide a wonderful addition that, like the entire movie overall, is like dessert: it's often unnecessary, and you usually have to wait for it, but in the end it's almost always delicious.proof stunt-car.  Stuntman Mike is sadistic to the point of psychosis, taunting the women as he toys with their lives; and in each altercation, the end result is meaningless, no matter who dies the audience wins.  Typically, he gets the better of each encounter, but when he runs into a daredevil group of professional stuntwomen his luck changes.    Making a great cameo reappearance alongside the cock-eyed, initial victim of Beatrix Kiddo's string of revenge murders in Kill Bill is the father-son cowboy cop combo who investigated the wedding day massacre.  They work their way through the first Stuntman Mike situation in the same clever, humorous manner as they did the chapel.  They provide a wonderful addition that, like the entire movie overall, is like dessert: it's often unnecessary, and you usually have to wait for it, but in the end it's almost always delicious.
031606792X|1.0|Very minor spoilers here....<br /><br />Few authors have even one good book in them. Stephanie was one of the few that had three. She did not have four.<br /><br />While there are many major flaws in this book, without giving away too much, the major ones include:<br />- The Twillight series has been about romance. Romance stories are those where the central drama or tension is centered around a man and a woman struggling against either internal or external obstacles to their ability to be together. In Breaking Dawn, the romance between Bella and Edward felt like an afterthought. Their romance was at best tangential to the two major conflicts of the story.<br />- Conflict drives plot. We read stories to see how characters we love navigate conflict. This book had 2 major conflicts. However these conflicts were padded with hundreds of pages of waiting. Conflict is exciting. Waiting is boring. This was a huge book, I'm not sure why the editor did not cull out the padding which made up far too much of the story.<br />- In this book Jacob (who I loved) quickly becomes a toothless teddy bear. The 3-way conflict between Jacob, Edward, and Bella was great and it created dramatic tension. He and Edward share barbs, Bella struggles to find balance between her feelings between the two, circumstance keeps throwing the three together. When Edward turns to Jacob and says \\"my brother, my son\\" I couldn't help feeling....icky.<br />- When two armies meet on the battlefield, shouldn't there actually be, um...a battle?<br />- Happy endings are fine. Syrup sticky sweet endings are not. Joss Whedon (who I love) is the king of the bittersweet ending. This story desperately needed some bitter to cut the sweet.<br /><br />I'm sad this really enjoyable series had to end on such a flat note.
0385338910|5.0|Jonathan Tropper is a writer of exquisite and seemingly effortless prose - analyses of the human psyche that perfectly balance humor and poignancy in a narrative style that captures the voice of the modern man.<br /><br />This is the first book of his that I read - casually grabbed off the stand at an airport book shop with no expectations that it would even prove readable.  I ended up reveling in the book, savoring his craft of blending the sublime with the absurd.  It prompted me to purchase all his previous books in fell swoop, even as I expected to be disappointed by another \\"one hit wonder\\" of an author.  Surprise, surprise - each novel is consistently outstanding and I relish my journey through them.  Yet \\"How to Talk to a Widower\\" remains his finest effort.  Tropper is a writer who continues to improve and hone his craft, and I will follow his progress with anticipation.
0553381687|5.0|Many years ago, when this book first came out I tried to read it and was unable to get very far.  Far too many characters, far too many viewpoints, far too many plotlines...I just got lost.<br /><br />Just recently, desperate for something new to read in the speculative realm, I decided to give Mr. Martin another shot.  Same problem, too many characters.  But this time I was willing to work at it.  I kept a notebook with a one-line notation about each character who seemed to be slated for significance in one of the many plot threads.  By the end of the book I had two pages of them, but it was working, by gosh.  Each time the author swapped me out of one head and into another, I could go back and refer to my notes and figure out whose head I was in, what they were up to, and who all these other people were.<br /><br />Once I managed to keep the characters all straight, I realized that George was a bloody brilliant writer.  His characters are fascinating and well constructed, both male and female.  His plots are fast and evenly paced.  His conflicts keep you on the edge of your seat.  His descriptions are vivid and bold, and he's not afraid to let the bad happen with the good.<br /><br />One of the things I particularly appreciate about his writing is the way he doesn't dwell for too long on a conflict or a villain.  I've read stories where the villain goes on and on and on until you are so sick of his sneering face that when he is actually killed it's a relief, not a triumph, and it leaves you feeling rather peeved with the whole story.  Not the case with Martin.  He introduces you to a deliciously irritating character, and then (usually) kills them off before the end of the book.  Same with his conflicts; he drags his characters into terrible peril, and then cleverly whisks them out after a few chapters, dragging them into another conflict in the process.<br /><br />Reading Martin's books is a lot like riding a storm in a fleet of ships.  Every time one of them goes down you are rescued by another.  It's a bit awkward to get used to; you feel as if you are straddling several decks at the same time, but you always know that there's no shortage of new boats to replace the old..  It's a bit awkward to get used to; you feel as if you are straddling several decks at the same time, but you always know that there's no shortage of new boats to replace the old.
031606792X|2.0|I was so looking forward to the conclusion of the Twilight series, but this was a letdown. Not a small letdown, which I could have easily forgiven, but a HUGE letdown. I don't know where to begin. This story takes so many strange turns. The plot becomes a confusing, horrible mess. Stephenie tries to make all of these neat little ties to fit in her happy endings. I'm all for happy endings, but the way she tries to get there is overly explained and too complicated, not to mention bizarre in some cases. It's like she's trying too hard to make everything work, and it doesn't. This story should have concentrated more on Bella and Edward's relationship, but that becomes almost a side story taken care of early on in the book. It's like she was getting ahead of herself. Trying to fit the epilogue in, when we all wanted a juicy finale. Everything happens much too conveniently and the anticlimactic scene that's tantalizingly hinted at ends up being rather quiet and boring. Bottom line - Bella gets to have her cake and eat it too, but in a plot that's too busy and strange.
0743290119|1.0|Just about everything that can be said has been articulated by other 1-star reviewers, and with more literary style and substance than the author they're reviewing.  All I can add is that I find it difficult to believe that the same woman who wrote \\"The Devil Wears Prada\\" also wrote this screaming yawn.  Seriously, Weisberger either had an incredibly gifted editor for her first book, an editor too intimidated to get tough with this book, a combination of both, or - and this is most likely - only one exceptional book in her.<br /><br />I paid full price at an airport for the hardcover, expecting an engrossing distraction on a transatlantic flight.  Instead, I twitched and writhed my way through it - basically speed-reading and flipping past huge hunks o' nothin' ... and on my way off the plane handed it to  a flight attendant who had earlier expressed interest in the new title. One less customer at the book stall for this novel.  Weisberger made money on my purchase, but the bucks stopped there.
B000PTYPAC|5.0|I like the Riot! album a lot, it has all great songs.I can listen to the whole disc without skipping any tracks. The only thing I did not like about this cd that it is too short. My favorite tracks are \\"That's What You Get\\", \\"Misery Business\\", \\"We Are Broken\\", and \\"Fences\\". Riot! is well written, great songs,most are very catchy. I think Paramore would not be great without Hayley because she has an amazing voice unlike most singers at this time. Riot! is a great cd because it has a mix of fast and slow songs which has a lot of variety. Riot! is my favorite cd of all time...at least until the next one comes out.I usually do not listen to this kind of music my style is grunge,metal and alternative rock.If you don't like this Paramore album their is something wrong with you.I will recommend this cd to anyone who likes good music. This is Paramore!!!!!<br /><br />Paramore- Riot!<br /><br />1.For A Pessimist I'm Pretty Optimistic<br />2.That's What You Get<br />3.Hallelujah<br />4.Misery Business<br />5.When It Rains<br />6.Let The Flames Begin<br />7.Miracle<br />8.Crushcrushcrush<br />9.We Are Broken<br />10.Fences<br />11.Born For This
1400049628|4.0|Now I feel a little safer. At least I know what to do in case of an all out outbreak. Don't believe the movies, you will never survive, get this book.
0316168815|2.0|You would hope this book could fulfill some of the hype, but of course it does not. Actually very entertaining for most of the book, but the ending abolutely destroys it in my opinion. I began reading it knowing there was a film already being made. Not sure how they will pull some of it off with much of the narrative being told from the first-person, but it may give them the opportunity to change some things, hopefully the ending....I guess it's worth the read but don't say I didn't warn you.
B0017HRCQU|5.0|Great buy!!  For all batman fans that love the make of the batmobile....will love the extra footage of how the make withstand all the other past models of batmobiles....
076790592X|5.0|One of the greats. Recommend this big time....quick, easy read. No reason not to set aside a few hours for this one....
B001BTG3OQ|3.0|I shot two weddings this weekend and the SB-900 didn't even make it out of my case for the second one. It overheats unbelievably quickly, after hardly a dozen shots at full power, and then it does a thermal shutdown -- meaning it emits a series of pinball machine-esque beeps and then refuses to operate for a few minutes until the internal temperature goes down far enough. Pretty bad if you're in the middle of taking group photos, and twenty pairs of eyes are on you. What are you supposed to do -- tell everyone to wait around until the flash is good 'n' ready again? With this limitation, it's just not a tool that's remotely acceptable to a pro.    (Of course, if you don't shoot events, and can take your time between flashed photos, what is a critical point to me may well be unimportant to you.)    I suppose it makes sense for Nikon to err on the side of caution, but I'm glad my SB-800s seem to be made of sturdier stuff. True, you can't keep flashing away with the SB-800 either -- Nikon recommends cooling its bigger speedlights for at least ten minutes after bursts of heavy and sustained flash use -- but I haven't run up against a practical limitation. I work my SB-800 speedlights hard, and so far (four years and counting) I haven't burned one out yet.    As for the SB-900, it's surprising that a flash this expensive is such a delicate flower, so prone to overheating. In that regard, it may actually be just a little too big & powerful for its own good.    I believe you can elect (somewhere in the menu) not to have the thing turn itself off when it gets too hot, so perhaps you can wring the same performance and stamina from the SB-900 that you can from the SB-800. But while it'd be no fun to burn out a 300-dollar flash, it'd be especially painful to accidentally bump off its considerably more expensive big brother. So I'm going back to my three SB-800s, and the SB-900 is going back to Amazon for a refund.
0307341550|4.0|Solid book. Great twist. Maintains attention throughout. Disturbing at times. Wasn't expecting much going in but Flynn's debut novel was pretty impressive.
1591841666|5.0|This book probably saved me from myself. We were starting up yet another business. And this one seemed different at the outset. It had more going for it than anything else we have done and the timing seemed right. We embarked on it with more enthusiasm than before and when everything started to fall into place, we were excited beyond belief.     Then we hit the Dip. A couple of things went wrong. And because we'd been so excited initially, it felt like a kick in the guts. We lost faith rapidly. It all seemed so hard.    Then I read this book. I now understand where we were and why we had to embrace, not avoid, the Dip. If you want to go after something that's important to you, you have to read this book.
B000F9RB94|4.0|Surely, one of the best movie I've seen on blu ray. Crisp & clear picture, great sound as well. One of my favorite cop movie.   Highly recommend it!!!
B00005JPY0|5.0|i never thought that i would love another batman movie without jack nicholson playong as the joker; but i was wrong. the dark knight is a classic legendary movie. the ending was very surprising,...the two face was awsome. iv watched this movie 8 times now and im planning to watch it again this weekend. the joker is awsome. he really plays with the spirit of gothom city, and as he says at the end he wants the peoples souls. i think the movie deserves every dollor they have made. def go and watch it. i highly recomend it.
0123694965|5.0|I've only read one chapter - available online at the site for this book and already I've pulled out so much that is relevant to the current project I'm working on.  It's titled \\"The Designer usually works with a team\\"  This book is good for anyone who works in a game development environment because it documents the design process - as a 'process' not just a mish mash of free flowing creativity.
0316143472|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was witty and entertaining and also infused with some interesting and important life lessons.  This was my first Sedaris book and I'm excited to read the rest.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for something interesting and funny to read.
B001DDBCUA|4.0|Spoilers Ahead!<br />I love Sex and the City, so of course I loved the movie. The only one big thing that was missing in the movie was the grand and over the top wedding. So, because this was missing, they need to make another Sex and the City movie with the over-the-top wedding for Carrie. I mean this is what we have all been waiting for!!!! All of the other girls in the show had their weddings (except Samantha) - why in the world does Carrie have to end up with some city hall wedding certificate. Good grief even Charlotte had two grand weddings on the show.
0440238609|5.0|I somehow skipped over these books in my adolescence (though I read and enjoyed another series of Pullman books) and I'm SO GLAD that I've finally gotten around to reading them because they are truly amazing.  Not only full of adventure and intrigue and many well-sketched characters, but also full of deeper meanings and issues that I might not have picked up on as a child.  All three are wonderfully rich and suspenseful and as soon as I finished the first I knew I had to read on through the end.  If you haven't read them I would highly recommend it and if you haven't read them since your childhood I would suggest reading through them again.  Truly thought-provoking and wonderful.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|Yes, to have all three movies restored for Blu-ray release is fantastic, but die-hard Godfather fans are longing for a chronological release with ALL the extra scenes found in the Saga (1977), Epic (1981) and Trilogy (1992). There are so many enjoyable and important scenes left out of the original movies. The scenes of Sonny taking control after the Don is shot is invaluable. After Connie's wedding, the Don & his sons visit the dying Genco in the hospital. The scene in Part II of Don Fanucci singing a Sicilian song and later trying to fix up Vito with one of his daughters. There are too many to mention here, but having the movies in chronological order with all the deleted scenes would the ultimate Godfather collection. Please Mr. Coppola, give us this special set!
B00140PK6O|5.0|I enjoyed seeing the DVD.  It is British and the subtitles helped understand what was happening.  I especially liked the story.
031606792X|5.0|Spoiler alert...  I am an English teacher and I began reading this series because I thought it would be a good idea to familiarize myself with what my students read. I fell in love with this series and I just finished the last book.  I see the connections to Pride and Prejudice, Romeo and Juliet, and Wurthering Heights. I think these connections are why I love the books so much. I was scared to read the last book because I thought it would be too much like Wurthering Heghts, I was wrong and as it turns out it incorporated another one of my favorite Shakespeare plays, Midsummer Nights Dream.   I can see why some fans do not like the last book, but for me it reminded me of when I was 19. I am 28 now and married and when I was 19 my parents got a divorse and it was like my heart broke; I completely felt like Bella in the third book. When Bella and Edward married in the fourth book it reminded me of when I fell in love with my husband and I felt like I was falling in love all over again. When Bella found out she was pregnant I thought it was prefectly natural that she would want to keep the baby. For instance, I think the dreams that she was having explained her reasons for changing her attitude and becoming someone more grown up. As far as Bella wanting to have sex I think Meyer handled this natural progression as best she could by allowing Bella to marry first (this is all I would have asked since it is a young adult book). Who in their right mind when they are in love does not want to be as close to their significant other as possible? It only seems natural and I don't condem Meyer just because Bella is 18. There is plenty of talk about how this was normal when Edward was human, and plenty of talk about how Bella is so old for her age.   As far as Jacob imprinting on Renesmee, I do not think it is weird because again there was plenty of explaination of how this could not be anything gross but that some day if Renesmee wanted to love Jacob he would be there. Jacob's feelings have changed toward Bella, and I don't think that later down the road when Renesmee is older they will have some weird conversation about him loving her mom. In fact, I hated Jacob in the third book and I began to love him only when he imprinted on Renesmee, so I am just fine with the way Meyer wrote in this little twist in plot.   I understand that a lot of people wanted the book to turn out different, wanting a little more realistic heartache. But I think if you realy take the time to hear the thoughts of Bella, Edward, and Jacob then you will see that this ending came from heartache and ended in a way that not one of them could have imagined. I think it is significant to the understanding of this happy ending to realize that the characters did not believe it would end as it did and that makes me appreciate the happy ending all the more.
B00013RC8O|5.0|Good Picture Quality, Good Sound Quality, Excallent Remake On DVD of an old early 70's movie.
0810993139|5.0|Fifth-grader Greg Heffley chronicles his life in what he hastily explains is a journal and NOT a diary (his mom bought him a journal titled \\"diary,\\" to his humiliation). Cartoons on every page enhance his laugh-out-loud quest to become more popular than his current standing, at around 52nd or 53rd. Even though he has always liked girls, his history doesn't seem to help him much. He tries to explain the whole popularity game to his clueless best friend Rowley, who Greg estimates is probably around the 150th most popular kid in their grade, but to no avail.    Greg has other concerns. He wants to avoid the terrible Cheese Touch, which occurs when someone touches the ancient, moldy cheese blob on the basketball court and passes it along to someone else. Since the only way to prevent contamination with the Cheese Touch is to cross your fingers, Greg tapes his fingers crossed --- which results in a D grade in penmanship. (\\"...but it was totally worth it.\\") The Cheese Touch plays a part in a heartwarming yet unsentimental thread relating to Greg's friendship with Rowley.    Another big goal for Greg is to become wealthy. To that end, at Halloween Greg and Rowley sell tickets to their own Haunted House. After their pack-o-lies advertising blitz (their posters promise live sharks), kids shell out to enter their Hall of Screams. However, Greg and Rowley unfortunately run out of time to prepare, so the Hall of Screams turns out to be just a bed for the youngsters to crawl under --- and yet, the first kid to enter is so terrified, he can't come out and must be rescued by Rowley's not-exactly-happy father.    When the coach introduces a wrestling unit during physical education class, Greg decides that he's going to bulk up. His parents refuse to buy him expensive weight-lifting equipment until he proves he'll stick with a fitness program, so he fashions a weight set out of milk jugs and broomsticks. However, his bodybuilding routine is disrupted when his mother forces him to try out for the school play, which is \\"The Wizard of Oz.\\" Although Greg sings very, very quietly during tryouts, the teacher singles him out as \\"a lovely soprano,\\" causing great hilarity among the girls. The humiliation is almost too much to bear, especially when Greg gets picked to be a tree. His part entails speaking just one word during the entire play, which makes him grumble...until the teacher decides that the trees should sing the lamest song ever written. It does not bode well for the actual performance, to say the least.    Author/illustrator Jeff Kinney perfectly nails the voice of a fifth-grade boy. Greg's (mis)adventures move along rapidly, with one hilarious scene after another, augmented with the equally hysterical comic illustrations. Since its release in April 2007, DIARY OF A WIMPY KID has proven itself to be a winner. This New York Times bestseller has appealed, and will continue to appeal, to middle-grade boys, including reluctant readers --- and is irresistible to adults as well.        --- Reviewed by Terry Miller Shannon
031606792X|3.0|I heard my friends talking alot about this book. So i was like why don't give it a try ? I'm totally in love with the first one and in process reading the second one.<br />However...when the 4th/last one came out i couldn't control myself from skeeming through the book. With this one, i was so suprised ...Did she really write it for teenagers ? At those few first chapters i feel like i'm reading an erotic novel. Bella is begging Edward to do it with her. Both of them have intensive needs for each other ...blah blah ...<br /><br />The rest of the book doesn't capture my heart like the first one anymore.<br />So yeah...be prepared !!! ^.~
0810994739|5.0|Greg Heffley is back in another round of journal entries profusely illustrated with comics. Greg has plenty to gripe about, starting with his summer. His dad insisted he join the swim team, where he finally got over hiding from the starter gun bullet but managed to stay the worst swimmer on the team --- an experience that was \\"worse than being in middle school.\\" One problem was that, because of the women's Water Jazz exercise class, the team had to swim in just two lanes. Another was that Greg had to wear his big brother Rodrick's outgrown skimpy Speedos, although his teammates got to wear trunks. How much did Greg hate being on the swim team? He actually tried to talk his dad into letting him join the Water Jazz exercisers instead.    The main thorn in Greg's side, though, is Rodrick. Rodrick is the drummer in the band called \\"Loded Diper.\\" He makes Greg sit crammed with the band equipment in the back of the ancient Loded Diper van when he drives Greg home from swim team practice. Finally, Greg comes up with a foolish --- I mean \\"foolproof\\" --- plan to get out of practice, but it involves being wrapped like a mummy in toilet paper.    The swim team experience, plus the fact that Greg's best friend, Rowley, is gone all summer, makes going back to school an anticipated event --- but afterward all is still far from rosy in Greg's world. He and Rodrick fight so much that their little brother, Manny, draws a picture at day care featuring two big heads fighting while a small one cries. Although Greg's mom and dad believe it's of them and so act unrelentingly fond of each other around Manny, Greg knows that Manny's picture is actually of his big brothers arguing. The boys cannot get along but are forced by their parents to spend time together. For instance, they wash the dishes together...during which Rodrick always leaves for an urgent and prolonged call of nature.    Unfortunately for Greg, Rodrick has the goods on him. Rodrick is capable of blackmailing Greg about hismost humiliating secret, so Greg can't ever tell on him. Greg wants to find out something embarrassing about Rodrick, but in the meantime watches his parents' maneuverings. His mom wants his dad to watch romantic comedies with her, but his dad only really wants to hide out in the basement to work on his miniature Civil War battlefield, resulting in a bit of a battlefield at the Heffley residence.    Greg is also chagrined to have to hear every single detail of Rowley's summer vacation trip to South America, which bores him senseless but causes girls to gather maddeningly around Rowley. He manages to stay busy with practical jokes, along with the consequent visits to the principal's office. He also figures out a great way to cheat at school, but his plan will only work if he has a glass eye. When he finally discovers a secret worth blackmailing Rodrick about, Greg takes notice.    RODRICK RULES --- the sequel to the New York Times bestseller DIARY OF A WIMPY KID --- is another enjoyable saga in Greg's life, which will make readers of all ages laugh out loud at his escapades, along with the tweaked and quirky family relationships. (Gramma displays all of Manny's drawings, but also the note Greg wrote when he was six and angry at her: \\"I hate you, Gramma\\"; Grampa only watches his building's security camera feed on TV.) We're also treated to a delightful twist in the tale about Greg's big secret. Let's hope Greg's mom buys him another \\"Diary\\" soon!        --- Reviewed by Terry Miller Shannon
076535618X|4.0|\\"The Last Colony\\" is the third book of the \\"Old Man's War\\" trilogy by John Scalzi.  It's as much a political thriller as the military sci-fi of the previous books; it follows Jane Sagan and John Perry as they are picked to lead the planetary colony of Roanoke, the first colony to be picked from existing colonies rather than Earth itself.  But Roanoke is important in a different way - it's being used as a pawn by the Colonial Union (leader of all the human colonies) in their opposition to the Conclave, a group of alien races that are attempting to regulate the unchecked expansion and war in the universe.     I liked \\"The Last Colony\\" both more and less than the earlier books.  The philosophical questions around the CDF and the Special Forces aren't really a large part of the whole thing, which is slightly disappointing.  Working better, however, is that Scalzi doesn't spend so much time in the area of competent but dull mil-sf like he did in the last two.  Much of this book is the raising of the colony, which Scalzi handles well (although it is somewhat understandably shunted aside by developments later in the book) - it's nice to watch as Perry and Sagan try to keep the colony under control and safe under the constraints they're stuck with.       The book picks up steam as things turn more political, and the balancing act Perry has to strike is engaging.  Scalzi keeps the situation tense and interesting, although some events are disappointingly offscreen.  It's a satisfying finish to the Old Man's War series, and the best of the three books.
B0012Q732O|4.0|this is great movie and i loved the way it teaches childern about the time before us
075640407X|5.0|Firstly, as a novice writer, I'm impressed with the skill in which Patrick Rothfuss writes this novel. I did notice some minor editing flaws, but it's rare that anything is totally perfect. Rothfuss has created an entire world, complete with a unique, ornate history, that leaves me just shy of believing that it exists. Speaking from experience, I know how much time and effort creating a totally new world takes, and Rothfuss has done an AMAZING job.    Secondly, the storyline is not just your run-of-the-mill fantasy/fiction that is sickeningly common these days. While I can see some of his inspirations, he has turned them into something truly amazing and original. He has taken time with each of his characters to construct complex individual personalities that are very real. His hero, Kvothe, especially, is a wonderful creation that I am sure will live on through the ages.    Lastly, Rothfuss weaves a tale that lets the reader use his or her imagination, while allowing his descriptions to give his readers perfect visualizations. I literally could not put the book down, it was so enthralling! I loved reading every single word, every page, and I can't wait until the sequel comes out. I have rarely enjoyed, nay, savored, a book so thoroughly! To me, it was a breath of fresh air in the stagnant onslaught of new fiction that all seem to be cut from the same mold. I could not get enough of it, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a good story--children, teens, or adults.
031606792X|5.0|A lot of surprising and weird things happen but they just add to the amazing story line. they make the book an interesting and easy read. I personally don't think it could have ended any better.
031606792X|5.0|I loved the ending to this series and thought Ms Meyer did a brilliant job.  I think it's ridiculous that some of the reviewers feel that she's let womanhood down by not letting Bella go to University etc.  There is more that one way to be happy in your life and just because you're a girl that doesn't have to always come from further education as we traditionally think of it just because we think we should.  Besides who knows what Bella may do in the future?  This is a fantasy and the fact that the book doesn't take an easy out I think is great.  It is a gripping read and I actually enjoyed it more than books 2 and 3 as it was faster paced with some lovely twists.     I'm a 40 year old feminist and feel I can see all paths clearly and congratulate Ms Meyer on a fantastic finale to a very enjoyable FANTASY series.
B00004TDTO|5.0|I love this movie! Jaws has it all, sure it's scary, but it is very funny, sympathetic, exciting too.<br />It also takes place on and in real water in a real ocean.<br />Something sorely missing in todays aquatic films.<br />The charecters are memorable, and developed and perfectly cast.<br />If Jaws were made today,Denise Richards would be Hooper, George Clooney would be Brody, and Bruce Willis would be Quint!<br />The shark would be CGI and all of its magic would be lost.<br />Jaws is the real deal.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|The story on this new release isn't the story itself.  Rather, it's the comically long-overdue digital remastering of this cinematic tour de force, and while admittedly imperfect, the stunning improvement from one edition to the next.  So I'm not going to quibble about aspect ratios; if you love this movie as much as most do, this is a release you must pick up, despite a few technical quirks the large majority of viewers will never notice.  And if the process did this much for the standard-release DVD, I'll be anxious to see the Blu-ray version...
B000F0UV0E|5.0|This is album is just plain wonderful.  Each and every song is a gem.  After getting this cd, I listened to it 5 times strait, and still can't get enough of it.  I still have to listen to it once a week.<br /><br />MK & EH voices are perfect together.  I couldn't think of any better duet singers.<br /><br />I really enjoy every track, but my ultimate favorites are:<br />\\"I Dug Up A Diamond\\"<br />\\"If This Is Goodbye\\"<br />\\"Belle Star\\"<br />\\"Donkey Town\\"<br /><br />Hurry up and grab this, and the companion \\"live cd/dvd combo.\\"<br /><br />Happy listening!
031606792X|5.0|Stop with the BD bashing already.  I know it may not be the book that most people envisioned Stephenie writing but it was very entertaining which is what the author meant it to be.  (If you're looking for a story filled with deep underlying messages and themes, maybe vampire books aren't the best place to start.)  Maybe I enjoyed it so much because I went into it with an open mind.  I knew it would never end the way I envisioned but that's what made it so exciting.  Sure, there were some bizarre scenes and some slow parts but I think as a whole, it tied the series up perfectly.  The only complaint I have is that I have to move on and end my love affair with Bella and Edward...sigh. (That should make my husband very happy).
B0017HRCQU|5.0|A great movie with equally great extras. Plenty of extras to delve into with a 6 minute sneak peak of The Dark Knight. Well worth the money.
B000EJ9VUW|1.0|Actually, I liked it.  Dual drummers that really carry this band.  The song-writing is only semi-pro, and the vocals (!) and guitar really aren't even that good.  Despite its major defect, I found at least three tracks to admire.  If you're willing to dive as deep as 1 star, you might like it, too.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|Excellent Humor! I am a fan of British comedy and this movie is absolutely hilarious.
0307346617|2.0|This book is definitely overrated.      \\"World War Z\\", like other zombie apocalypse stories, had the potential to be interesting beyond the puerile appeal of gore and gung-ho survival situations by using setting to expound upon the human condition, or to address some phenomenon that has real-world relevance.  Science fiction has a long history of intelligent commentary illuminated by strong characters, even while dealing with very similar scenarios (e.g. I Am Legend, Richard Matheson).    But Brooks did none of the above successfully in \\"World War Z.\\"  By getting too geekishly involved with technical details, he fails to devote enough time developing his characters.  He adds to this neglect a barrage self-consciously hokey and unbelievable, DeLillo-esque name-dropping as a cheap attempt to add realism, and a substantial quantity of cardboard dialogue.  The result is pretty tedious.    One could argue that the merit of this book is the detail he puts into his presentation of systems and cultures, though that would also be difficult to defend.  Although I don't claim to know a lot about all the cultures presented, I am quite familiar with a few, and Brooks' presentation of them bares more similarity to stereotypes than to the truth.  In particular, the sections about Japan show how little he understands about that culture, which leads me to wonder how many others he failed to understand.    Ultimately, \\"World War Z\\" attempts and fails to be an intelligent book.  In making the attempt, Brooks left out any chance for suspense, thus this book fails on the visceral level too.  My advice is to read Matheson or David Michell's \\"Cloud Atlas\\" for intelligent sci-fi, or stay with Stephen King, who is at least a good storyteller.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|...but I just want to pitch in my bit and say, really, this is my favorite things in the world series.  I'm not a fan of television, and I really only watch series on DVD these days, after meticulous researching a show. But I can't quite remember how I decided to watch Firefly. I know it was after I saw Serenity in theaters -- before that, I had never heard of it. But I do remember the movie blew me away, and eventually I got the series from the library.     Now, when I fall for things (particularly movies and books), I fall HARD. I mean, I glow and rave and go on and on about the stuff. And eventually, I get around to buying 'em, and look on proudly as they sits on my shelves. Unfortunately, that's all they do for years. Sit on the shelves. Being admired and remembered, but never watched. That is, until Firefly.     I just cannot watch these 14 episodes enough. Since I got the series last Christmas, I've watched them all the way through 3 times (which is a lot for me) and I often put one on as background noise while I multi-task, but that never works because I just end up mesmerized by the crew of Serenity once again.     It's hard to explain what it is that casts this spell, because I'm not drawn to either the sci-fi or western genres as a rule. But all the elements works so well together, and just pull you along like a perfect song.
B0001I55OC|4.0|I will admit to never reading the book, so I can't say if it was better or worse.  I'd guess worse, since the book usually is better:-)  However, I will say that I found the movie entertaining despite the improbability of the science actually working.  A lot of the movie was spent in rousing \\"run!\\" scenes, but the ending, though predictable, was oddly \\"happy.\\"<br /><br />The fight scenes were decently done, and who doesn't love watching people run around with buckets on their head and smashing into each other?  Swords galore and Greek fire, lovely stuff that, made for some mindless entertainment.  Go grab it from the library if you're too cheap to buy the dvd, though you'd probably enjoy it if you like sci-fi/ fantasy movies.
031606792X|1.0|I am utterly and truly dissapointed in this last book. I am a Stephanie Meyer fan all the way and this book was thrown together,may I add!! Yes Edward and Bella did lose their passion for each other and if you do not notice it re-read Twilight, and Eclipse you will see the difference. I think that she truly did not take her time in writing this book, it was dissapointing mid-way thru the book. I think that Edward and Jacob should have atleast kept the fighting going over Bella's love til the end. I couldn't believe she made her have a baby knowing we all know that Edward body is supposedly frozen in time??? And the Volturi part was absoultely a complete disaster who cares what role they played??? I Love the Twilight series and could not believe this book was actually written by Stephanie Meyer.
B000RG1FMO|4.0|Kanye West - Graduation (Roc-A-Fella, 2007)    It's no secret: critics love Kanye West. The media loves Kanye West. Whatever wrongs he do in public are forgiven by them and each of his albums end up on some annual \\"Best of\\" list. Everybody else, however, has their own criticisms: he can't rap, he gives his best beats away, he's too cocky, etc. Well, this album, Graduation, probably won't change the naysayers' opinions but it is another well-rounded effort from Mr. West.    What you may notice is that this album is more condensed than his other albums (read: no stupid skits). It gives the listener more time to listen to 'Ye's lyrics. And he doesn't disappoint, especially on \\"Can't Tell Me Nothing\\", where he sums up the argument about how hip hop ain't how it used to be: \\"Old folks talkin' 'bout 'Back in my day'/But homey this is MY day\\". In other words, quit living in the past. Other great songs come in the forms of \\"Good Life\\" (any artist + T-Pain = instant hit), \\"Everything I Am\\", the funny \\"Drunk and Hot Girls\\" and the revealing \\"Big Brother\\" about Kanye's previous jealousy of Jay-Z.    Unfortunately, Kanye still has a way of trying to introduce old material to the masses, thinking that we never heard a certain rap before. One of The College Dropout Proper Advance's tunes, \\"Home\\", which used a girl as a metaphor for the city of Chicago, shows up on here called \\"Homecoming\\" and does an injustice to the original. And I'm not gonna lie, The College Dropout will always be Kanye's best album to me. Still, if you haven't yet, attend Kanye's Graduation because it's a special event. -EJR
031606792X|5.0|I am not a person of words so sorry if I don't say this quite right.  This is a realy good book and a good read.  As I read the other reviews it upsets me on how hard they are being on Meyers.  Give me a break just because the book does not go the way you hoped does not mean you say that a good book is a bad one.  Grow up.  This is a very good book.  I could not put it down.  To any one who reads the reviews with a one just remeber they are not taking the book as whole into consideration they are just upset that it did not go the way they wanted it to.  Which we all knows happens a lot, inless you are the one writing the book yourself.  Sorry I went on the way it did.  This is a good book and a good read.    Thanks  Roxie
B0012K1ILW|4.0|Erykah Badu - New Amerykah, Pt. 1: 4th World War (Universal Motown, 2008)    Erykah Badu helped kicked off the neo-soul movement over ten years ago with the classic album, [[ASIN:B000005AYM Baduizm]], and the career-defining [[ASIN:B000005B0L Live]] album. Then she dropped the even-better (but weirder) [[ASIN:B00004YKUI Mama's Gun]]. Her so-called EP, [[ASIN:B00006ZCFH Worldwide Underground]], fell to mixed reviews but this album, New Amerykah, Pt. 1: 4th World War, finds her back on her \\"A\\" game for the most part. However, this album may alienate some of her fans and even her Motown record label.    The album kicks off with a remake of RAMP's \\"American Promise\\" called \\"Amerykahn Promise\\" (of course). What follows after that are various songs. Songs, not hits. This means that, as with Worldwide Underground, you have to be a little patient while listening to these and not expect any \\"Tyrone\\" or \\"Love of My Life\\". She has something to say with these abstract productions and it'll take a few listens to understand.    Things get easier though towards the end of the album. \\"The Hump\\" rides along a heavy bassline while Erykah talks about the pain of getting off the dope. \\"Telephone\\" is a touching tribute to frequent collaborator J. Dilla who passed away two years ago. And of course, \\"Honey\\" is thrown at the end of the album as it's the only \\"single\\" on here. But the best song is one that Erykah didn't write: \\"Master Teacher\\", by artist Georgia Anne Muldrew, has both ladies singing over a cool Curtis Mayfield sample.    Let's hope her label gives Erykah more promotion. She may never give us another \\"On and On\\" but Erykah will always give her the music that she wants to make and will hope that you will come along for the ride. And for those who said that she has turned weird, she's ALWAYS been a little strange. This album is exceptional but when Pt. 2 comes out (supposedly this summer), don't be surprised if it's released on Shanachie or KOCH. -EJR
1400082773|2.0|Is this an autobiography? What is the point of this book? What about the majority of Obama's life and relationships? I see no real mention of his mother and maternal sister as he became a adult.
031606792X|5.0|I had been anxiously awaiting this book so I was thrilled when it finally came out.  I loved the last three books and this one was no exception.  Stephenie did a great job!
031606792X|1.0|Who hijacked the plot and kidnapped the characters?  That was what I kept wondering as I read that disaster of a story. Then I wondered if perhaps it was supposed to be a comedy and I just forgot to laugh.  I had to massage the brain cramp from my head as I saw that terrible baby name for the first time. I strained my eyes through the horrible birth scene and had to shake the chills from my skin as Jacob imprinted on a BABY. I didn't realize I was paying (hardback price) for a freak show?    If you do not mind EDWARD taking a very, secondary role (wasn't the series supposed to be about him a little?)as an edgy but romantic vampire -oh wait, no romance really, just black-out sex. An absentee father for the most part and a defender against the Volturi - no wait, again, Bella took that one by herself. Then this story will appeal to you.  Team Jacob fans will be laughing their revenge as the real Edward was pretty much missing from the story.    But...Team Edward fans will be gaffawing at the icky sexual undertones raised with the imprinting of lil' Nessie by Jacob.     The tension from the previous stories was missing. The romance from the previous stories was missing. The original characters from the other stories were mostly there as background noise and most of them sounded stupid most of the time. Carlisle was a doctor right? Charlie was a cop - yeah?     So Bella gets her HEA. Yeah, but at a great cost to a wonderful series.  This last book was full of weak plot hole explanations and weak characters. Even the editors didn't care enough for a final look-see to correct the typos. So much woulda, coulda, shoulda that wasn't gonna.
031606792X|3.0|Bella Swan's life is about to change.  She will marry Edward Cullen, her gorgeous and fascinating vampire boyfriend.  Well, marriage isn't something Bella is thrilled about, not after witnessing the disastrous one between her parents.  But if that's what it takes to become a vampire herself, then that's what she'll do.  But there are other things she has to do deal with.  Why does Edward seem so reluctant to change her into a vampire?  Why does the very thought of touching her dread him so?  Vampires are strong, and he does kind of hurt her when they make love, but Bella isn't worried.  She knows he is doing his best to be as gentle as possible.  Then there are other worries.  How will her father react once she switches to the dark side, so to speak?  And how will her relationship with werewolf best friend Jacob be affected after her change?  And that's a whole other matter.  Jacob is not willing to lose her.  He will kill Edward if that's what it takes to finally have his one big love.  He hasn't imprinted with someone -- no soul mates in the horizon -- which means that Bella is the one for him, right?  No one had anticipated the things that take place after Bella marries Edward.  Could a human and a vampire have a baby?  Could Jacob and Edward get along?  And what will happen to the Cullens when faced off to the notorious Volturi coven?<br /><br />This was the most overhyped and highly anticipated book release since the last Harry Potter offering.  Bookstores actually made parties and had this book released at midnight on a Friday night.  I couldn't believe it.  Even though I loved the first three books, I didn't think they were THAT great!  Anyway, I don't want to write up any spoilers and ruin this book for potential readers (though I'm sure other reviewers have done that already).  The good thing about the Twilight saga is that the story often took unexpected directions -- and this one is no exception.  Bella goes through some shocking changes and the course of the storyline takes some surprising turns.  However, I am very disappointed with this book.  As some readers here have pointed out, everything is wrapped up a little too neatly.  The resolution involving the Jacob-Edward-Bella love triangle is the most disappointing of all.  After so much buildup and tension between these three characters since New Moon, the resolution is anticlimactic, and it left me feeling cheated.  (Also, I could have sworn that Bella said she was in love with both Edward and Jacob in Eclipse.  Why is this detail glossed over in this book?)  I had the same problem with Charlie.  \\"Give me a break,\\" doesn't begin to cover my disbelief.  The book is 754 pages long, and it struck me as long-winded, even with the various twists and turns.  The one good thing about Breaking Dawn is that Stephenie Meyer does answer a few questions about vampire powers and just how frustrating it had been for Edward to be near Bella with his supernatural strength and insatiable bloodlust.  Everything else is a mere \\"meh.\\"  I won't discourage you from reading it.  If you've read and loved the first three books, then you'll want to give the last one a whirl no matter what.  I recommend that you borrow it from someone before you decide to buy it.  If you read it and love it and decide you want to own a copy, or if you're a big fan who owns all previous copies and want to complete your collection, then by all means get one.  To me, it is a give or take.  The book was bound to be disappointing after so much hype.  But if the conclusion will be satisfactory or not... only you could be the judge of that.  Time to say goodbye to these beloved characters though.  I look forward to watching the film.the storyline takes some surprising turns.  However, I am very disappointed with this book.  As some readers here have pointed out, everything is wrapped up a little too neatly.  The resolution involving the Jacob-Edward-Bella love triangle is the most disappointing of all.  After so much buildup and tension between these three characters since New Moon, the resolution is anticlimactic, and it left me feeling cheated.  (Also, I could have sworn that Bella said she was in love with both Edward and Jacob in Eclipse.  Why is this detail glossed over in this book?)  I had the same problem with Charlie.  \\"Give me a break,\\" doesn't begin to cover my disbelief.  The book is 754 pages long, and it struck me as long-winded, even with the various twists and turns.  The one good thing about Breaking Dawn is that Stephenie Meyer does answer a few questions about vampire powers and just how frustrating it had been for Edward to be near Bella with his supernatural strength and insatiable bloodlust.  Everything else is a mere \\"meh.\\"  I won't discourage you from reading it.  If you've read and loved the first three books, then you'll want to give the last one a whirl no matter what.  I recommend that you borrow it from someone before you decide to buy it.  If you read it and love it and decide you want to own a copy, or if you're a big fan who owns all previous copies and want to complete your collection, then by all means get one.  To me, it is a give or take.  The book was bound to be disappointing after so much hype.  But if the conclusion will be satisfactory or not... only you could be the judge of that.  Time to say goodbye to these beloved characters though.  I look forward to watching the film.
B0013FNC38|5.0|this CD was just what we wanted. delivery time was extremely fast and package arrived in tact. thank you very much.
B000LGZHDS|3.0|If you are a fan of SpongeBob, you know very well who Gary is. The plush doll I ordered was requested by my son who loves the show. The beanie baby-type plush Gary is kind of small but so is the real Gary.  The Gary doll is soft and cuddly. Defintiely pick it up if you love the show.
0451169514|4.0|This is my second attempt in reading a Stephen King's creation.  The length is intimating at first, and many had complained about the unnecessary details King included.  But I have to say that all 1000+ pages are needed to tell this massive story, from character developments to plot advancement.      \\"It\\" contains genre of horror, action-thriller, romance and explores the themes of human relationship, the power of youth, and the strength of cooperation (and many, many more).      \\"It\\" is separated into two plots.  The first plot is when the Losers (Bill, Beverly, Richie, Ben, Stan, Eddie, and Mike) first come together in 1958 and discover the ugly side of Derry.  The Losers each confront Pennywise (the clown, otherwise known as It) and face their individual fear.  Besides the horror lurking under the ground of Derry, the plot also focuses on the relationship between the Losers and the bully group (Henry, Belch, Victor).  The second plot takes place approximately 30 years after the first plot, when the Losers join together again (except for one member) to defeat Pennywise once and for all.      \\"It\\" not only explores good vs. evil, but also the struggle of growing up and the conflict of being a grownup.  There are many disturbing scenes in the book, from sexual themes to gory murders.  The book is very dark as a whole, with occasional comic reliefs.  The book does get very descriptive and sometimes boring to get through, and it is true that the climax does not begin until the last 200 pages, but \\"It\\" is a very good read and the characters are well portrayed and memorable.      I would suggest this book to any King's fan, and people who are looking to read an outstanding descriptive horror novel.  But those who get easily offended by non-conventional sexual contents, you might not want to pick this up.  However, \\"It\\" is an outstanding novel, and proves that Stephen King is indeed an icon of the twentieth century.  Good luck entering a circus after reading this book, because you will get chills from the floating balloons!
031606792X|5.0|*slight spoilers*   I think that this book brings extraordinary closure.  I don't know about other Twilighters out there, but I am having enough trouble as it is knowing that I have read all that I can read (other than Midnight Sun) about Edward and Bella.  This despair could have been a lot worse, though, had Meyers not done a brilliant job of tying up every last loose end so nicely.  I did not see any flaw in her choices.  I thought that the \\"imprinting\\" was brilliant, as it made the unbelievably strong bond between her and Jacob make so much more sense!  As a married woman, I never understood how she could have such a bond with Jacob when she had such extraordinary love for Edward.  I feel bad for those who wrote imprinting off as pedophilia, wow.  I loved that it seemed like Bella was \\"designed to be a vampire\\".  She fit, she made sense.  She always seemed lost as a human, which a lot of people wrote off as not being independent enough.  I never quite saw it that way.  And this validates why I felt that way when reading it.  Kudos to your consistency, Meyers. I have so many more reasons for loving this book, but I doubt anyone's read this far already.     Anyways, thank you Meyers, for writing the book that I didn't know I wanted.  I could have never expected such wonderful answers to my constant questions.
B0017MO10U|5.0|This is probably the most important thing to remember about this movie, don't think to much about it, just enjoy the ride.  This movie is for Stargate SG1 fans who have been with the series a while.  It has alot of the old faces, and it does feel rushed at times, but all in all, defiantly worth the buy.  A great movie!
B000HT3P7E|4.0|Another bunch of 'friends' this time in a pub and not a coffee lounge. Clever and entertaining as well as being frustrated and annoyed with the main character, Ted.
B000002GLV|2.0|Too organized, rehearsed and lackluster. Musicians fearful of making mistakes. It's blues with an attempt at sounding jazzy. Nothing is flying here.
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|More entertaining and AWESOME than the first season and wait for it...LEGEND.....ARY!! Can't wait for the third season.
B0012Q732O|1.0|I can't believe that the guy who did Stargate and Independence Day could put out this loser. First, the story line is a ripoff of Mel Gibson's Apocalypto. Then, the constant anachronisms make it irritating to watch. 10,000 BC and you have guys riding horses and carrying metal swords. The Bronze Age was still a few thousand years away. Pyramid building in the age of the sabertooth and wooly mammoth! Yikes! I assume the story was taking place on the African continent because of all the African tribes; the heroes had to cross what looked like the Sahara desert, but at 10,000 BC the Sahara was a great big grassland. On and on these anachronisms went, so many that it was impossible to maintain the suspension of disbelief that is necessary to get into a movie. I'm willing to give a director dramatic license in order to make a good story, but in this case, he really abused it.
B0013FXWU6|4.0|This film was a little slow but I found myself engaged and entertained throughout. The main character is a trip, always talking about how much he hates people and how only sees their bad qualities. The guy basically does anything and everything possible to control as much oil as possible. It seemed to me an analogy of our country not just in our pursuit of oil, but the extent to which we exploit others for our own purposes.
031606792X|5.0|I am half way through this book and I am eating it up! She is an amazing author. The long awaited 4th book is as exciting as I thought---even more so. I will be sad when I finish the book because this is the end of the series. (I am halfway through the HOST also written by Stephenie Meyers). This is a really talented author who does not disappoint. Excellent for people of all ages!
B000FFJ85I|5.0|My daughter is the one who introduced me to A.F.I., and the first time I heard December Underground, I fell in love.   My favorite song is \\"Love like Winter\\", and of course, I love \\"Miss Murder\\".   Listening to this CD made me want to listen to all of A.F.I.'s other CDs, which I also fell in love with.   I don't think they're sellouts at all...just a great band making a name for themselves.
B000PC8AFU|4.0|I don't understand all the negative reviews. The album title and description say it all. The sound is good, the performances are good. Six of the songs are previously unreleased, half of the others I had never heard before. I compare this to the Duane Allman anthologies, you hear him as a backing musician on some tunes. Hearing Albert Collins and Bonnie Rait on songs with Stevie sure sounds good to me. Buy it and enjoy.
0099523620|5.0|Alison Weir provides a fascinating, richly detailed and penetrating human history of the life of King Henry VIII and his six wives. The work is meticulously researched and provides a deep and intelligent understanding of these six fascinating ladies and of King Henry himself.<br /><br />While Henry VIII was responsible for some great achievements for England, he developed into a cruel tyrant; anyone who aroused his suspicion or displeasure was likely to be be executed and those who died included nobles, ministers, prelates and 2 of his six wives, Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard.<br /><br />Catherine of Aragon was a proud Spanish princess, the daughter of Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain, and a deeply pious Roman Catholic. She was betrothed at three years of age to the first son of King Henry VII, Arthur Prince of Wales and became Prince Arthur's wife at 16. Arthur died six months after their marriage and Catherine spent 7 years in poverty and insecurity, abandoned by Spain and despised by Henry VII, robbed of her dowry and never sure of what her fate would be. Catherine bore these years with great faith, strength and dignity.<br />After Henry VII's death, in 1509,  the newly crowned Henry VIII made her his wife, and they lived together for eighteen years.<br />Of the five children born to Catherine, only Mary lived. She became Queen Mary I (\\"Bloody Mary\\"). Henry desperate for a male heir and enchanted by Anne Boleyn, decided to annul his marriage to Catherine.<br />Catherine resisted the annulment as long as she could, while always declaring her loyalty and love to the king.<br />After Henry broke with the Roman Catholic Church to divorce her, Catherine lived in retirement.<br /><br />Anne Boleyn was a chamber maid to Catherine of Aragon when the king became interested in her.<br />Henry secretly married Anne in January, 1533. Henry's Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer pronounced Henry's first marriage null and void.<br />Anne Boleyn was crowned queen in June and because of circumstances beyond her control was unpopular with the English people and had many enemies.<br />Anne gave birth to Elizabeth in June.<br />But Henry a cruel and selfish man had wanted a boy and soon tired of Anne.<br />After she repeatedly failed to produce a male heir, Henry and his chief minister Thomas Cromwell had Anne framed for adultery and executed.<br />Anne was an intelligent and courageous women, as well as ambitious and capable at times of ruthlessness.<br />She was a strong adherent to the Protestant cause and well read in Protestant theology at a time when it was dangerous to do so.<br />The author reveals that Anne was not however the scheming wanton that some historians have painted her as.<br /><br />Jane Seymour by contrast was not the good hearted innocent some have seen her as. she copied Anne Boleyn's methods of witholding her sexual favours to the king until she was Queen. She was favoured by the Catholic camp.<br />She seemed to have remained on the King's good side and bore him his long wanted male heir to be Edward VI.<br />She died of illness soon after Edward's birth.<br /><br />Henry was then maneuvered into a marriage by his chief minister Thomas Cromwell, to the Protestant German princess, Anne of Cleves, to bolster the Protestant cause.<br />Henry had only soon seen Anne of Cleves in a portrait but when he met her he found her unattractive exclaiming \\"I like her not\\".<br />He soon divorced her but because Anne of Cleves did not resists the divorce and was amenable she avoided a tragic fate and lived out a comfortable retirement with a large inheritance, the longest living of Henry's wives.<br />Ironically the Protestant princess Anne of Cleves was converted to a devout Catholic, by Princess Mary, who became her close friend.<br /><br />After that the powerful Howard family manipulated one of their young daughters, the 15 year old  Catherine Howard to marry the king, and was supported by the Catholic faction. The aging Henry's large ego was thrilled to betroth an attractive girl over thirty years his junior. When he married her, Henry described Catherine Howard as his \\"rose without a thorn\\"<br />Catherine was good hearted, but simple and  sexually promiscuous. Described as giddy girl.\\"<br /><br />The machinations of the court destroyed her and she was not shrewd enough to survive.<br />She was accused of adultery, whether she was guilty is not known, but she never stood a chance and was executed on the orders of the cruel and vengeful Henry,a truly tragic tale.<br />Catherine Howard was a powerless pawn used by powerful and unscrupulous forces.<br /><br />Henry's last wife was the level headed and highly intelligent Catherine Parr. She managed to outlive the king, and befriended the young Princess Elizabeth  and Prince Edward, showing a kindly character. She was a strong Protestant and believed in church reform (she had secret Lutheran sympathies)  and the author believes she would have made a mark as a great thinker in times when women were encouraged to think independentally and make an intellectual contribution.<br />Her strong religious convictions led her to argue with King Henry about religion, and the author writes that she may have been lucky the King died when he did.<br /><br />Catherine Parr,  later married Sir. Thomas Seymour and was a great friend to the Lady Jane Grey.<br />she also foretold that the young Princess Elizabeth was destined by Heaven to be a great  Queen of England, when she had told Elizabeth to leave her house after Elizabeth had been seduced by Thomas Seymour, showing her powers of vision and her non vengeful nature,<br />She was a visionary and a good woman.<br /><br />An interesting historical anecdote. Friar Peto predicted in 1532 that if King Henry cast off Katherine of Aragon and married Anne Boleyn he would be as Ahab and the dogs would lick his blood.<br />After Henry's death his lead coffin weakened by the motion of the carriage burst open, and liquid matter from the body seeped out onto the church pavement. A dog was with the plumbers who came the next morning to repair the coffin, and it was seen to lick up the blood from the floor just as Friar Peto had predicted.<br /><br />Like all of Alison Weir's works this volume combines detailed history with a thrilling and smooth read. Everything you could want in a factual history volume.<br />It is social and personal history at it's best and captures the essence of the time of Henry VIII's reign and the wider events involving England at the time.he married her, Henry described Catherine Howard as his \\"rose without a thorn\\"   Catherine was good hearted, but simple and  sexually promiscuous. Described as giddy girl.\\"     The machinations of the court destroyed her and she was not shrewd enough to survive.   She was accused of adultery, whether she was guilty is not known, but she never stood a chance and was executed on the orders of the cruel and vengeful Henry,a truly tragic tale.   Catherine Howard was a powerless pawn used by powerful and unscrupulous forces.     Henry's last wife was the level headed and highly intelligent Catherine Parr. She managed to outlive the king, and befriended the young Princess Elizabeth  and Prince Edward, showing a kindly character. She was a strong Protestant and believed in church reform (she had secret Lutheran sympathies)  and the author believes she would have made a mark as a great thinker in times when women were encouraged to think independentally and make an intellectual contribution.   Her strong religious convictions led her to argue with King Henry about religion, and the author writes that she may have been lucky the King died when he did.     Catherine Parr,  later married Sir. Thomas Seymour and was a great friend to the Lady Jane Grey.   she also foretold that the young Princess Elizabeth was destined by Heaven to be a great  Queen of England, when she had told Elizabeth to leave her house after Elizabeth had been seduced by Thomas Seymour, showing her powers of vision and her non vengeful nature,   She was a visionary and a good woman.     An interesting historical anecdote. Friar Peto predicted in 1532 that if King Henry cast off Katherine of Aragon and married Anne Boleyn he would be as Ahab and the dogs would lick his blood.   After Henry's death his lead coffin weakened by the motion of the carriage burst open, and liquid matter from the body seeped out onto the church pavement. A dog was with the plumbers who came the next morning to repair the coffin,and it was seen to lick up the blood from the floor just as Friar Peto had predicted.    Like all of Alison Weir's works this volume combines detailed history with a thrilling and smooth read. Everything you could want in a factual history volume.   It is social and personal history at it's best and captures the essence of the time of Henry VIII's reign and the wider events involving England at the time.
0393327655|5.0|Dr. Sam Harris [to be awarded his doctorate in Cognitive Neuro-Science] has revealed the 40 centuries of duplicity of our quasi-magical religious system. Its purpose is to control our minds, hearts and body by appealing to vulgar ignorance and superstition.  Without religion, the human species would not be so ignorant [\\"not knowing\\"] and stupid [\\"put the mind in a daze\\"].  Its purpose to to inflict misery and poverty on the larger groups in any society so a few can live well off the backs of these many. It is animal deceit that came out of the homosexual priesthood of the ancient world (11% of our species is homosexual)!    What Dr. Harris did not state is how difficult it is to root out this falsity in human nature.  In our historical record when one vile religious system must supplant another odious system, one merely chops off the noses, ears and tongue, or \\"cabbage head\\" to root out the presumed vile contagion.  Why cabbage head?  No one wants to have sex with such a hideous creature, hence he dies off; and with his death, the old religion goes.  This was how the vile, vulgar superstition of Christianity supplanted the Roman State Religion; Islam supplanted Christianity; and Zoaroastrian Persian State Religion was supplanted by Mazdeism!    So mankind will continue to cling to the filthy robes of religion---it is how she hides her moral and legal crimes, and further deceit in business.  All the town theives sit in the front pew on Sunday to hide their petty crimes throughout the week against their fellow man.  Is this not obvious?    There has been much lucid insights given about Dr. Harris' treatise, most of it inane and self-patronizing.  We twin brothers need not add further dribble to this incompetent mass of third-rate ideas.  Dr. Harris requires and demands better.  He has written a charming, lucid masterpiece!  Presently, our time and age are too confused and ill-educated to appreciate his tutelary genius!    The Age of Belief was the 12th-13th Century inEurope. We are an age of dunces who do not understand what religion was, and what is worse, what it is now! It is merely mental sickness and disease in our culture which renders all of us unsafe and unhealthy!    This virulence will only be with us for two more centuries!      Presently, it is data systems, economic systems and mathematical systems that run things, so the dolts in religion can run their sterile rant and fill out minds with their dry, mental rot!    We were disappointed that Dr. Harris did not reveal that Jeshua [or Jesus] had a twin brother, Judas. Our ancient epigraphic Roman Latin records, Aramaic records, Syriac record, Coptic records, Ethioptic records and even Sanskrit records attest to this obvious attribution.  When one twin was killed for Jewish moral violation [Jeshua] around A.D. 29/30 by the 'cross of the beast' of Roman penal technique (Jews would have set him on fire or buried him alive by their penal system), the other twin, ran around the countryside for four more years before he also was killed like his twin in A.D. 34.  When you are an identical twin, indeed, you come back from the dead to outsiders who do not know you are a twin!  In our manuscript traditions this other twin is called \\"Didymus Judas Thomas\\" or a variation thereof.  Naturally, 'didymus' is Koine Greek for identical twin and 'thomas' is Palestinian Aramaic for identical twin.    We ancient scholars have been sitting on this vulgar truth since the 1860's.  We will not release it to the fools in religion until around A.D. 2030.  We remind this readership that very few people read Oriental languages and their scripts.  They are essentially brain dead.  For that matter, who can even read Classical Latin, Classical Greek and Classical Hebrew?  Certainly not the blockheads in religion or those human scum who profess they are Bible students.    If we are severe in these matters, it is because we have forty centuries of historical details in our minds.  When great misery, suffering and pain are inflicted on the general population, it is always the scoundrels in religion who either perpetrate the crime or give cover to the crime by others (in military or political-governmental structures)!    Dr. Harris has written a morally good book!      Respectfully,      John E.D.P. Malin,  Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer  James F.D.P. Malin,  Vice Chairman of the Board & Chief Research & Development Officer  Informatica Corporation  Executive Division  P.O. Drawer 460  Cecilia, Louisiana 70521-0460    \\"Fathers of the Silicon Bayou\\"    Contact Information: InformaticaMalin@gmail.com    P.S.  We would be remiss in our duties here if we did not give correct insight into the 'War on Terror.'  This too is ancient dupery!  Its correct Latin name is 'pura et pia bella' [Latin, \\"pure and pious wars\\"].  It is the purpose of the scoundrels in religion who live off the backs of the people to harness terror in our local communities.  The religious crowd is even too stupid to manage this simple task!    --
6304711891|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing from beginning to end. Ed Harris and his fellow troopers are demanding  the government to pay each of the familiy members that died during desert storm, 1 million dollars because they were not given any money at all and not even a proper burial.  There's a catch though obviously that he will lauch V-Ex Poisen gas into The San Francisco Bay area if the demands are not met.  Harris also locks up people during a tour at Alcetraz. Here we enter Nicolas Cage who plays a biochemist/chemical weapons specialist who  they need to dismantle the weapons that are filled with the deadly gas that Harris has put up.  Enter Sean Connery who was a prisoner at Alcatraz and the only one who managed to escape. They need him unfortunately because he knows the insides and outside of the place so well among other areas he managed to escape from and can help Cage through The Rock. The humor beginns when Cage and Connery first meet. This is what makes the movie even better. The chemistry between them is so funny and the acting especially by Cage and Harris and Connery  is brilliant as well.  Add in the great action, an exciting high tension movie some great humor by all the actors makes for a highly  entertaining film you will enjoy.  I recommend it, A++++.
0385340990|5.0|I want to give this item so many more stars than my limit of 5.  What a wonderful weekend read.  Of course, I was enjoying it so much but had to limit the amount of time I would allow myself to read so that I could make the book last longer.  I love the format (correspondence); and I feel as if I have acquired new friends.  This book took my breath away, made me laugh out loud, brought tears to my eyes, and made me happy, yet sad, when it came to its conclusion.  I love this book and it has been a long time since I have felt such an attachment to a book and its writers.  Thank you so much for a wonderful weekend.  This book will live with me forever and I have purchased many copies so that I can share with friends.
B000002OZY|4.0|That was the question that the Who asked as they hit a dry spell going into 1969.  It was answered by Pete Townshend in the form of \\"Tommy\\", the embodiment of Gospel and Rock Opera.  Tommy the main character and central theme throughout the album has a breakthrough as only a deaf, dumb and blind boy can, through pinball.  It's his eyes, ears and voice through which he makes contact with the rest of the world.  Truly inspiring, it's the platform on which he attains stardom.  The rest is history.
031606792X|5.0|I believe Meyer did a fantastic job closing the series.  The online reviews I've read  have been, for the most part, negative (also the only ones with spoilers that I've seen), however, everyone I speak to in person has loved the book.  The most common complaints I see are: that the plot was thin, Meyer went back on the rules she'd created for her universe and that everything turned out ok in the end.  To that, I say the plot was great, it tied up all the loose ends in a believable way, Just because Meyer blindsided you doesn't mean you get to complain, she didn't break ANY of the rules she'd created and very clearly explains that in the book and, lastly, what's wrong with a happy ending for everyone?  Do you have to have someone end up miserable and self sacrificing for your happiness?  So, basically, either you'll hate it or you'll love it, depending on what you require to be happy in your own life.  Either way, a good book and worth the read.    And a PS (with a spoiler) -   If you don't have a baby of your own (that you love and care for) you can't possibly comprehend the change in Bella's attitude when she realizes she's pregnant, so don't dis what you can't understand.
031606792X|4.0|I am sad at all the reviews that i have read about this book. Cut her some slack, she had a lot to tie together in this book! It moved quickly and gave everyone the ending they hoped for, i certainly liked it. I know that it may have seemed rushed and some of the \\"tension\\" between Edward and Bella was not there, but i really liked the way Bella eased into her new life and kept it all together. And i really understand Jacob now. Maybe we will see a Jacob/Nessie book come out of this in the future.
1559408758|5.0|I'd give Tap eleven stars if I could. I'd rate my purchase from Amazon Marketplace (from chinaski77) that high as well. Be sure to know exactly what the seller of this rarer version is ready to give you for your money. Fortunately, I got the best deal I could have imagined. My copy looks like it's missing only the original shrinkwrap. The price I paid is not much more than the original price that Criterion lists. As superior as this version is to the \\"Special Edition,\\" it's not worth being snookered into paying $100+ for it. Shop with vigilence as much as with \\"confidence.\\"    Now for the movie. Nothing more to say about Spinal Tap than has already been regurgitated for almost 25 years. You either revere it or don't get it.     As for the difference between Criterion's version and the recent \\"Special Edition,\\" the former includes a terrific commentary track by director Rob Reiner and his production crew, and an equally great one by actors Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Sheerer. These commentaries go a long way toward giving viewers insight into the creative process gone through to make such a complex comedy. The latter DVD release contains neither of those tracks. Instead it replaces them with one done by the actors in character: Nigel Tufnel, David St. Hubbins and Derek Smalls commenting on \\"rockumentary\\" director Marty DiBergi's portrayal of them. The mock track did nothing special for my viewing experience.     More simply put, if Tap is on your must-have list, the Criterion Collection's release is the one to buy. Finding a rental is very difficult.
0062502182|5.0|My best friend recommended that I read this book, so I bought it, read it.  I love it!  I wish schools would recommend students to read this book.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I finally found it! I have been trying some other headphones from other brands because of the nice reviews convinced me.  But the Sony MDR7506 is the best.
B000000ZGO|5.0|Ike left us today - I thought it'd be nice to share a story about him & \\"Hot Buttered Soul.\\" I heard this album when it was new; I was ten years old, and my parents bought it for me. I was a budding musician, my sister had told me that Isaac was good, and I thought that the cover art (Ike's head) was \\"cool.\\" I didn't expect that I'd be dancing around in my folks' house to the groove of \\"Hyperbollicsyllabicsequedalymistic.\\"     I'd always dug \\"soul music,\\" although I'd only scratched the surface, learning what I heard on top 40 radio. \\"Hot Buttered Soul\\" took me to a MUCH deeper place; the deep funk of \\"Hyper...,\\" the beauty of what I believe to be the definitive version of \\"Walk On By,\\" and the pained rap on \\"By the Time I Get to Phoenix\\" - this stuff IMPRINTED soul on me.    \\"Shaft\\" came later, and everyone who didn't know about Isaac found out, in a big way. I also loved his Polydor disc, \\"Don't Let Go,\\" which included such gorgeous tunes as \\"What Does It Take,\\" and \\"A Few More Kisses to Go.\\"    Thanks to Isaac Hayes for songwriting, playing, singing and arranging that changed the way I listen to and create music, and to God for creating Isaac.
031606792X|3.0|I've read the entire series... Though I had complaints about the lovey dovey, over board sap of the relationship between Bella and Edward, I still loved the books. I was team Edward from the get-go. It was captivating, the forbidden love of a vampire. The series got even better when they introduced the werewolves... Then it came to this last book... I don't hate Breaking Dawn, but I didn't like the storyline much.     I can't complain about the humor. This book made me laugh out loud several times, whether it was intended or not. My biggest complaint is the change in tone. As soon as I began reading, I realized Bella was different. There was just something different about her tone, her character. She seemed to have made a huge change in a short time. She wasn't Bella to me anymore... This only became more apparent as the story shifted to Jake's perspective.    Jake's perspective was my favorite part of the book. If Meyer plans to continue the series from his POV, I will gladly read it. There is just something about Jacob that I love. His thoughts are so different from Bella's and so refreshing. He makes me laugh and his chapter titles are AMAZING. I was a little disappointed by the turn of his storyline, but I'm warming up to it.      SPOILER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Before this book came out, someone offered a theory about Bella and Edward having a super baby that would age to a certain point and stop, staying immortal yet human. I thought it was so stupid... Then I realized that the person wasn't offering a theory, but a spoiler.
0385340990|5.0|IT has been some time since I have been so enthralled by a book.  I picked it up this afternoon at 1:00 PM (it was a rainy afternoon here in Northern Vermont)and three hours later I was turning the final page and reluctantly bidding farewell to new friends.  At times I laughed out loud shaking my head in amusment at the smart and witty prose.  I also teared up at other points of the novel.  Overall it was a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon and I cannot remember the last time a book captured me for an entire afternoon!  It must have been the wonderfully detailed profile of characters, time , and place.  I would highly recommend this book.  Enjoy
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Of course you would have to be a SATC fan to understand the history.  The scrpt was well designed for each character.  Excellent job!!!!!
0783225547|5.0|The making of... featurette was worth the price of the DVD. It was well made and informative. The commentary was excellent as well. I had already owned a laser disk copy of this film when I purchased it which was well done in terms of visual and audio so purchasing the DVD definitely gave me value adds in terms of the extras.    The film itself is well done if you like drama and action thrills.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|We loved this Jimmy Hendrix CD. We found some 8mm video tapes that my husband took while he was in Vietnam in the 70's. We sent the tapes off to have them put on a DVD and had them put the Jimmy Hendix cd as the background music. It turned out great !!! Brought back a lot of good and bad memories !!!! CD was worth every penny we paid for it !!!
031606792X|4.0|There has been much commentary in the wake of the release of \\"Breaking Dawn\\", the final book in the \\"Twilight\\" series by Stephanie Meyer. There are two facts that are central to this book. One is a given- the book is a fantasy. The second is a revelation- Bella grows up.     A fantasy of course gives the author freedom to do things that cannot be done in other books. As in the previous stories, life in the world Meyer has created is totally foreign to life in a real world. In many ways, that is what makes the books so appealing. If the first three were fantasy, then it's important to remember that this final book is     fantasy as well. This is no time to impose rules that did not exist previously.Why now should the characters suffer for redemption? If that is what readers want, they should read \\"A Tale of Two Cities\\" - one of the greatest works of literature - but one that has nothing in common with romantic fantasy. It is a different genre, a different world.     Having said that and to comment on what many suddenly proclaim:\\"Bella needs to sacrifice\\", \\"Bella needs to suffer\\", \\"Edward is too perfect\\" - the fact is, that to a far greater degree than seemed possible, Bella did grow up. The difference between the tentative, skittish and somewhat shallow Bella in the first chapter of \\"Breaking Dawn\\" and the focused and confidant Bella at the conclusion is enormous. She has a great love for her unborn child and baby from the onset, she becomes protective of both the child and Edward, making arrangements to keep them both safe, she develops a deeper love for all her family, she develops powers in her new life and uses them to safeguard others. She is prepared to face death and if that were to happen, she is fully appreciative of what good things she enjoyed. This is tremendous growth in character. How could one ask for more?      The ploy for Bella's transformation was clever. Moreover, it was interesting to see the mindset she develops in her new life. The onemiscue in this final book was the mishandling of Jacob and the werewolf culture. Jacob played an important role in the previous books. Here, his character atrophied and served no real purpose. Everything in this story could have been accomplished without Jacob and the wolves. Having a friendship develop between Edward and Jacob was cloying. Jacob simply wasn't needed, his imprinting with the child was a forced hand and any weakness in the book stems from this insertion into a storyline where he does not belong.     Having said that, the book stayed true to its fantasy, it was good to see Bella evolve and grow up, and in a fairytale, should there be anything other than a happy ending?
031606792X|5.0|Congratulations Stephenie!  You did a great job \\"wrapping up\\" the Edward and Bella story...and you have the sales to prove it!  Breaking Dawn was my favorite book of the entire Twilight series.  I wasn't too happy with Eclipse, but even that made much more sense to me once I read BD.  I liked how everything came \\"full circle\\" in the end!  Great closure, terrific character development, and very creative story line!  I very much admired and appreciated that Edward and Bella waited until after they were married to have sex.  However, I would definately suggest that this book (as well as Eclipse) are much more appropriate for young adults and older.  I'd also like to say that this is a fun, fantasy book---and who WOULDN'T want it to all work out in the end???  Great book, Stephenie!
B000UR9T8W|5.0|This was a great purchase because it not only had the 3 Spiderman movies but 2 extra \\"Making of...\\" disks packed with lots of facts and interesting information.  A necessity for Spiderman fans.
B000R4SMCW|4.0|The film is entertaining, and it invites the mystery fan to figure out some disconnects, even via a flashback. Example: How did Ted know how to purchase the identical gun owned by the arresting cop? How can Ted be prosecuted at the end for murder, when to pull the plug, you need a court order? Doesn't he share guilt with the attending doctor and the judge? There are a few more, and you have to see the movie to see my points.  But there is a big BUT! The vast majority of new movies make less sense, and are not as well made. So the flaws I point out in continuity and logic, are really minor, when viewed in the big picture. Watch it and you will enjoy it.
B000002KIE|5.0|I always get a kick when people are upset by the 1's a review gets, I also get a kick out of the people constantly spewingthe same non-sense from \\"Behind The Music\\" or what ever web article they read.  Yes the Sex- Pistols were a manufactured group, However this is not entirely true, they weren't told to behave this way, they weren't given characters or roles to play. When McLaren saw this raw intent for self destruction he capitalized on it ,thats it.  If you do any research on the guys you will find out he robbed them blind and wasn't until years later they got compensated.  They acted wild and exhibited anti-social anarchist qualities because that who they were. And they could barely play there instruments, but that's what made them great, along with Glen Matlock's need to have a social relevance in his music.  Bad Brains, Dead Kennedy's whatever what impact did they make outside of their local area, very little, so what a famous musican was a fan,  thats all he was a fan, yet the world is so big and you strike out in the States.  Its no excuse about limited air play, Dead Kennedy's and Bad Brains are the 2 fashion groups its cool like.  Not very punk.    This is a great album from track to track.  A classic its flawed which makes it perfect.
B00005JPY0|5.0|The Dark Knight is something of a rarity in the current stream of comicbook movies flooding the theaters. The amazon review hits dead-on when it says that it is great not because its the best comicbook movie ever, but simply because you forget its eevn fantasy.<br /><br />Batman has always been and will always be the most believable superhero of the plethora that exist because he isn't \\"super.\\" Batman Begins set up a hero grounded in real-world rules in the best way I think possible, the comics, I'm sad to say, don't even compare in my opinion. Forget that the continuity has been ruined for the Batman comics time and time again, the background of Bruce Wayne has never felt more realistic and full than it does now, thanks to Batman Begins. The Dark Knight brings to the fold possibly the greatest villian of any comicbook out there and the writers for the movie pull no punches with his truelly psychotic, chaotic, and ingenius persona. The Joker is made real by a performance that is simply put, awe-inspiring. I was never particularly in love with Heath Ledger as an actor and yet now I sit here wishing that there were any way possible to bring him back so that we did not have to lose such a gifted actor. I've never in my life watched a movie and actually felt chills or thrills from a \\"bad guy\\" in a movie, and I am an extreme movie buff. Ledger's characterization is both wretched and beautiful. He takes a character already so well loved by the Batman fans worldwide and takes it as his own.<br /><br />I don't want to make it out to be like he is the driving force behind the movie, but I don't think there is any other way, thanks to the unfortunate circumstance in which he appears in this, his panultimate acting role. I love absolutelly EVERY actor in their respective roles and can't give enough credit to Bale, Freeman, Cane, or Oldman. They are so perfect in their roles.<br /><br />My favirote aspect of the two new Batman films is the perfect conjuction of writing and directing. This team has to be commended for its work. The usually campy and platitude filled script of a comicbook film is still somewhat presented, as it was in Batman Begins, but it never feels that way, partly due to each actor's delivery, but moreso to the perfect setup. You have never seen a movie of this type with more suspense and intelligence in the way the events unfold. As good as the actor's are, without the careful planning done by Nolan and, perhaps moreso, David Goyer, then none of this makes sense or seems impacting in any way. I can't even stomach the original Batman films anymore thanks to these two films, they are a complete joke.<br /><br />I can't say enough good thigns about The Dark Knight and the people who don't like this movie, did you choose not to like just because you did not WANT to like it? I don't know one person myself who does not fully understand exactly what an incredible piece of filmmaking The Dark Knight really is.<br /><br />I just hope that Nolan and Goyer decide to stay for at least one more, but another four would please me even moreso.o be commended for its work. The usually campy and platitude filled script of a comicbook film is still somewhat presented, as it was in Batman Begins, but it never feels that way, partly due to each actor's delivery, but moreso to the perfect setup. You have never seen a movie of this type with more suspense and intelligence in the way the events unfold. As good as the actor's are, without the careful planning done by Nolan and, perhaps moreso, David Goyer, then none of this makes sense or seems impacting in any way. I can't even stomach the original Batman films anymore thanks to these two films, they are a complete joke.     I can't say enough good thigns about The Dark Knight and the people who don't like this movie, did you choose not to like just because you did not WANT to like it? I don't know one person myself who does not fully understand exactly what an incredible piece of filmmaking The Dark Knight really is.    I just hope that Nolan and Goyer decide to stay for at least one more, but another four would please me even moreso.
630469654X|5.0|I hadn't watched this film for ten years or so and I was excited to find out that I could have it added to my collection for such a low price.
B0014DBZT2|1.0|To say Nick Cave isn't the force he once was, is like saying Vlad the Impaler had minor anger management issues.<br />Glories LONG gone, he's resorting to loose balladeering and conventional rock in a vain and desperate attempt to disguise the fact he's got nothing new to say and should've given up on this music thing a long time ago.<br /><br />A new Nick Cave album is cause for despair where once it was cause for celebration. Ok, you can't go on re-living past triumphs (ask Morrissey) but the guy must have SOME of that early threat and purpose kicking around somewhere. Where's the gusto and urgency that drove classics like 'Nick the Stripper' or 'Mr Clarinet' ?<br />He's become a rock dullard, a pale imitation, a caricature of all he once meant.<br /><br />He's got a hopeless band together. The keyboard player looks like Bob the Murderer off 'Twin Peaks' and the rest of them try ham-fistedly to be eccentric; playing at being rock misfits in a Beefheartian sense, but the sad drone of long departed inspiration means the sound resembles nothing more than a hoarse, conventional mis-fire.<br /><br />Like a once-proud wild animal that's become old and needing to be put out of it's misery, Cave is a sorry sight.<br />He tries vainly; 'Jesus of the Moon' is appalling, melody-less and uninspired. 'Midnight Man' is unco-ordinated pseudo HM dreck in dire need of some serious oomph and pazzaz. Each song is asleep on it's feet, and finally, laboriously, drag 'Dig!! Lazarus Dig!!' sorrowfully along to it's spiritless, uninteresting conclusion.<br /><br />The spark's gone. It went a long time ago, and what we're left with is lazy MOR for the less discerning 'alternative' masses.<br />Cave always seemed close to breaking point, never far from the loony-bin and his music reeked of that creative morbid intensity. But he doesn't need his straight-jacket any more. He's a summer season, woolly jumper and fabric softener man now.<br /><br />I bet he even does requests....
B0013FXWX8|3.0|I did like the movie but it is not on a par with something like Cars.<br /><br />The story is painfully familiar; unlikely hero trains up to defeat bad guy. Think Star Wars Episode VI, Karate Kid (all episodes), and countless others. In this case, the hero is a noodle-making panda voiced by Jack Black. Jack does a great job but almost everyone else seems to be calling in their performances. There are some laughs, but mostly this is a low-key movie.<br /><br />I think what soured this film for me was Avatar: The Last Airbender. Avatar covers much of the same ground, but has had years to it. Even so, a single 30 minute episode of Avatar is more interesting and exciting than was KFP.<br /><br />Even so, if your kids want to take you to see KFP for your birthday, then by all means let them. You could do much worse.
1400079179|4.0|Dan Brown hit a homerun here.  This book has an awesome story line and really keeps you wanting more.  The action is fast yet easy to keep up with.  Brown has a great way of making you feel like you know what's going on in the story, but still surprises you in the end.  Read the book first, saw the movie second, and the book was MUCH better.
031606792X|1.0|I was so hyped and excited when this book came out, the previous 3 showed promise for a great final book. But, the excitement went out more like a fizzle than a bang (much like the ending)    Stephanie Meyer..WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! Okay, the the beginning was great, a nice wedding, everyone acts like themselves, and its all happy. Predictable, but cute.    Its when we get to the island, then everything is pretty much downhill from there. Bella BEGGING for sex? So the first time around fine, she's wanted it for awhile now. But after that..so your knocked up with some human vampire hybrid, still gives you no excuse to wake up crying for sex.    There she is, realizing that shes pregnant with some \\"thing\\" you think an 18 year old would be scared out of her mind. But instead she is filled with joy, and her heart \\"swells up\\" to love both of them. From that point, i knew there were going to be NO edward and bella moments.     Then in the cullen house hold, what the heck is edward doing?!?! Completely out of character, he sits there doing nothing, and just weeps about it, i mean at least pull a new moon! A repeat would've been better than a helpless edward. So much for the strong vampire.    And the name...Renesmee, oh please, as if the Vampire Human hybrid thing isn't enough, you need to throw in name hybrids too.       So then the volturi comes in, no finally, there is gona be something good right? Wrong. SM throws in enough pointless vampires that there needs to be an index at the back of the book.    Well, if there's so many vampires, that that means a good fight at least. Or not. Nothing happens, except 50 vampires chatting having quiet conversation, and Bella getting pissed and using her power. A boring power if you ask me, with bellas personality.    So one vampire dies, oh no, now the worlds going to end. Everyone lives happily ever after. Bella had to make no sacrifices at all to stay with edward forever. Everything with Jacob the werewolf (opps i mean \\"shape shifter\\") is completely fine since he imprints on the baby ( very creepy if you ask me, even quil's imprint wasnt that far out)    All good love stories have a sacrifice, Romeo and Juliet? They both die. I was actually hoping that maybe one of them dies, because weren't the books about the fight of forbidden love?    And don't even get me started on the millions of errors in this book. Example, page 39, bella is making pancakes for charlie, then like 3 sentences later he's enjoying a bowl of cereal instead.    This book was a great disappointment to me and I would have much more enjoyed the trilogy alone. Or a re write of breaking dawn.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book it was by far my favorite out of the saga. I think Stephanie did a great job writing it and making sure to tie all the ends up in to a nice package. I was happy to see things from Jacobs point of view and see how felt and saw things through his eyes. The one thing I think everyone has to remember with this book is that it is written from Stephanies imaganations not the readers. I honestly could not see this book ending any other way than it did and I am very sad to see it end. I look forward and hope to see all the books on the big screen.
031606792X|5.0|I don't understand how you can like the first three books and not the last book. Of all the books this is my favorite. I mean come on people it is fiction and fantasy!! Stephanie Meyers imagination is so wild!! I cannot believe the events that takes place in book 4. I could not put it down! Do not let the bad reviews stop you from reading this book. It has all the romance you could want, all the explanations you could want, and all the adventure you could want. She took me on a great ride, I loved it!!
B0013URJTG|5.0|I do not understand why this band is not No. 1 in the American charts right now!!! OK, maybe I do...the charts are simply not what good music is about anymore...not since Dark Side of the Moon or The Beatles, anyway...<br /><br />Lightbulb Sun was the first album with which I fell in love with the British band Porcupine Tree.  It blew me away!  There has been NOTHING in the mainstream media to compare with it since the seventies progressive rock era, apart from the very rare few modern-day bands who still keep themselves unique, such as Radiohead, my other favorite British band...What sets them apart most of all is not only their accessibility, their hybrid of just the right types of music, it's not simply their progressive rock leaning either -- it is that combined with the type of uniqueness not found in most bands today.  I went straight from loving THIS album to loving EVERY album going back one to Stupid Dream, and then Recordings (I was lucky to get ahold of a copy when it was still available!) and then onwards to In Absentia (perhaps my favorite), Deadwing (or perhaps this my favorite), and their latest releases:  Fear of A Blank Planet, which is best combined with its addendum, Nil Recurring.<br /><br />Every single album of theirs has continued to \\"blow me away,\\" even those that came before Stupid Dream, which was a departure from their older material, which did come more closely to a more simply progressive rock with a touch of the 80's occasionally mixed in...If you have not yet discovered this band, you are missing out!! Radio cannot provide for you anything as wonderful and unique as Porcupine Tree will.  They do not fail to deliver!<br /><br />Hint:  If you're a Pink Floyd fan, or a fan of Radiohead, check this band out!  If you're a fan of both of these and the heavy guitar riffs once hailed in the 90's, be prepared to be blown away farther than 90's grunge (aka Nirvana) ever could have!
031606792X|5.0|I was a little worried when I saw the rating by the book when I bought my Kindle copy. I did not read the spoilers or the reviews at all as I like to have my own opinion first.    Before I go into the spoilers: BUY the book. It's a good read. The story is engaging and fun. Ignore the whiny girls who did not get what they wanted or expected from this book.     Well, I enjoyed the book very much. I thought she gave us a lot more plot than I thought she was going to. Instead of just getting it on and having Bella go vampire at the beginning of the book and describing the changes she went through and whatnot, we got a nice juicy, tense story.    I read one review that questioned the message of the book.... that everything worked out so well for Bella. Well, she lived her life in a good way. Stood behind her principles. Stayed faithful to her man in the face of strong temptation. Was ready to sacrifice her own life for her daughter and her husband and extended family. I felt that happiness was her reward for a good life. Bella earned it. Stephanie TOLD you guys how in love with this character she was. What did you expect her to do?
B001208QKS|2.0|This was the album that stopped my Alice Cooper fandom in its tracks back in the mid-70s. I bought this the day it came out and to my horror the only track I liked was \\"Steven\\". That song had the eerie sensibility that recalled \\"Dwight Fry\\" (or actually, for some reason, Vanilla Fudge's terrifying psychedelic remake of Donovan's \\"Season of the Witch\\"). Oh, the trademark Alice Cooper effects and approaches were thrown into the album's recipe but there just wasn't a, so to speak, killer song in the bunch. It all seemed so rote.<br /><br />In the next few years Alice would deliver some splendid singles that departed from the formula he had with the Alice Cooper Band, but after this album I just didn't trust the Alice Cooper brand name enough to risk buying \\"Lace and Whiskey\\", \\"From The Inside\\" or \\"Goes To Hell\\".<br /><br />Even the performance of this album on Alice's promotional TV special couldn't put this one over for me. A concept can only take an artist so far; with or without it, an album still lives or dies on whether or not it's filled with great songs. Striving to renew inspiration by changing the players around him simply didn't do a thing for Alice.
B000YPUF9W|5.0|The deadly T-virus has now escaped the Umbrella Corporation's rigorously controlled environment and infected the world. There are few who can remain alive in such a hostile atmosphere where nature has reclaimed her own and flesh hungry zombies seek the warm life blood of the living. Earth is desolate. The entire planet shown from afar is now visible as a barren Necropolis of broken dreams, empty lives, and the fruitless pursuit of existence. It's over. . . or is it? Operation Alice is back, bigger and better than before. The fight for earth has begun . . .<br /><br />Continuing the ever growing Resident Evil franchise, the latest installment in this seemingly endless movie series has actually managed to redeem much of the harm done in prior movies. While this is still not a \\"thinking man's\\" film by any means, the numerous action sequences, interesting special effects, and superior scenes of zombie carnage combined to produce an entertaining and enjoyable film. Perhaps there is hope for the Resident Evil venture after all.<br /><br />The story continues the very lose plot line established in earlier movies, that is, Alice runs around in skimpy clothes, as before, and engages in random acts of violence while taking herself very seriously. Meanwhile, the ever devious yet massively inefficient Umbrella Corporation tracks her, thinking to take on a monster that they have created, yet have proved time and again that they cannot control. So much for the whole notion of hindsight. But, if you have already seen the first two Resident Evil movies and are still coming back, then you already know all this. Let's face it, the movies are just dumb, but they are fun if you can put aside your thinking cap and indulge in a Friday night flick with friends. And besides, there is one new theme that has emerged in Resident Evil: Extinction that is actually quite appealing in a macabre sort of way, the entire destruction of the world. While Resident Evil has never minded killing off large populations for the pleasure of a disturbingly blood thirsty public, no one ever quite anticipated that they were ready to eradicate the world. Yes, it's been done before, but for some strange reason, this same old concept has a uniquely revolting attraction. The new theme works. Freud might have some interesting theories as to why, but let's face it - - - no one really cares, we just want to be entertained.<br /><br />Now, what about the characters? I, for a lack of anything better to do (thus are the trials of being nineteen) have unfortunately watched both of the original Resident Evil movies more than once and, despite this, still haven't a clue as to what the character's personality's are really like. Apparently, Resident Evil: Extinction decided not to remedy this problem. We still don't care about these people. As far as we are concerned, they are just future zombie bait or, as I prefer to say, zombie chow on parade. But wait! What about the elusive Alice? Yes, she is still \\"cool\\" with her no nonsense mannerisms, incredible and totally unrealistic fighting maneuvers, and her ultra sexy clothes but let's face it, she's just not a talker. Does anyone remember her ever saying more than three words? I rest my case. Resident Evil and characterization are not synonymous and they probably never will be. As I said, this is not a thinking man's movie.<br /><br />So, now that my poison pen is warmed up, I sadly must switch gears and move onwards, leaving my delightful cynicism behind and explaining the good qualities of this movie to any of you out there who were unfortunate enough to land on my review (laughs maniacally.) Resident Evil is mainly known for its concentration of high drama, edge of the seat tension, unpredictability, and special effects and in all these areas it delivers marvelously. The action presented in this movie far surpasses the first two films keeping the viewer hooked to the screen and diverting their attention from the actual lack of a deep plot. The action is non-stop and for the most part realistically depicted. The special effects have improved over the years and the directors were not afraid to capitalize on this especially since if all these scenes of carnage and mayhem were removed the movie could be recapped in less than three sentences. The combination of horror and action that is unique to the video game to movies franchise that is booming of late is presented most effectively in this film creating a very tense atmosphere and resulting in many unexpected deaths, mutilations, and zombiefications.<br /><br />The conclusion was both oddly disappointing and strangely satisfying at the same time although it was obviously the prelude to yet another sequel (what ever happened to succinctness?) While Alice's final battle with an unnamed but many clawed creature was abrupt and vastly disappointing especially considering that half the movie had been building up to this grand battle, the \\"surprise conclusion\\" that was presented afterwards was most unique and quite interesting thus redeeming the entire conclusion.<br /><br />Ending Thoughts: The expert manipulation of effects and the inclusion of hordes of flesh hungry zombies and heart stopping action packed scenes will of course appeal to any cynical teenage audience; however, an older crowed will probably find it most banal. If you are more into the thinking man's type of film, then this is not for you. If you are looking for a meaningless yet fun film, then Resident Evil: Extinction is definitely worth seeing.<br /><br />- Ravenovaand for the most part realistically depicted. The special effects have improved over the years and the directors were not afraid to capitalize on this especially since if all these scenes of carnage and mayhem were removed the movie could be recapped in less than three sentences. The combination of horror and action that is unique to the video game to movies franchise that is booming of late is presented most effectively in this film creating a very tense atmosphere and resulting in many unexpected deaths, mutilations, and zombiefications.     The conclusion was both oddly disappointing and strangely satisfying at the same time although it was obviously the prelude to yet another sequel (what ever happened to succinctness?) While Alice's final battle with an unnamed but many clawed creature was abrupt and vastly disappointing especially considering that half the movie had been building up to this grand battle, the \\"surprise conclusion\\" that was presented afterwards was most unique and quite interesting thus redeeming the entire conclusion.     Ending Thoughts: The expert manipulation of effects and the inclusion of hordes of flesh hungry zombies and heart stopping action packed scenes will of course appeal to any cynical teenage audience; however, an older crowed will probably find it most banal. If you are more into the thinking man's type of film, then this is not for you. If you are looking for a meaningless yet fun film, then Resident Evil: Extinction is definitely worth seeing.     - Ravenova
031606792X|1.0|[[ASIN:031606792X Breaking Dawn (The Twilight Saga, Book 4)]]      The first three books were wonderful.  I looked forward to seeing what Stephenie Meyer would write in the final book.  Even though everything that I personally wanted to see happen did, the book still fell flat and disappointed me.  I kept reading, thinking it would eventually get better, but sadly it never did.  The editing was bad and the characters felt one dimensional to me.  I missed my Edward!    I've read the first three books multiple times but I can't imagine myself doing that with this one.  Reading it again would be........painful, to say the least.      The only good thing I got out of the book was my change of heart toward Jacob.  In fact, I almost ended up liking Jacob in this book more than Edward and I've always been an Edward/Bella fan.  I guess that's because it was difficult to recognise Edward in this book.    Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse will always have a special place in my heart, but unless you feel like reading bad fanfiction, I suggest passing on this disappointment of a book.
B000H5U832|4.0|Video -Cars  I had quick service .   When we played the CD it had a number of pauses -perhaps it was dust.  Otherwise I was satisfied with the product  and speed of delivery.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book and I loved the series.  I've read criticism over the nature of the book and the fact that the material might not be appropriate for younger readers.  I think there is definately an argument for this book to be promoted to the adult section and not next to the Harry Potter series in the young adult section.  However, I'm not writing as a parent of a teenage daughter because my girls are 4 and 6.  I'm writing as a 33 year old avid reader.  I haven't been this  excited about a series since Harry Potter. I just found out about this series a week and half ago when I read about it in Entertainment Weekly.  I immediately went to target and picked up the first two, because they were paperbacks and cheaper.  I thought I could wait until the last two were re-printed...I couldn't wait.  I went out and bought the last two.  I've read the books twice.    I loved this book and wasn't creeped out by anything because I knew full well that I was reading about vampires, humans and werewolves. I'm an adult and this book can't and won't influence me to do anything, nonetheless anything wreckless. There was some criticism that this book was unrealistic because it ended happily. I like that everything was wrapped up in a pretty pink bow because that is how I want to think about my new friends the Cullens and the wolf pack.  I'm glad all is well, eventhough, I know that this isn't always the case in \\"real life\\"  Personally, if I wanted to read a book about real life I probably wouldn't have chosen a book about vampires!  I would highly reccomend this book to those who enjoy fantasy novels loaded with a bunch of sappy romance.
031606792X|5.0|Like the other books in the saga, I could NOT put this book down. It went everywhere with me so that I could sneak in a page here or there.  First of all, two things happened in this book that I didn't think were ever going to happen. One, that Bella and Edward...umm...hooked up. The books are geared towards YA, so I wasn't sure what was going to happen there. Of course, they were married (hm, something else I didn't think would actually end up happening), so it's all good, but I didn't think we'd get to read about it at all. Second, I never actually thought Edward would turn Bella. He had been so adament all along that she remain human. I'm still not sure how I feel about that. Even though Edward explained why he liked her better as a vampire, I can't help but feel that he fell in love with her as a human. He loved so many of her human aspects, and that what was so neat about their relationship. I especially hated that she was stronger than him. Hmph. In the previous books, I always loved how he had to protect here. Suddenly, she's stronger. But I did enjoy some aspects of her becoming a vampire. Made for fun and sometimes humorous reading.  Edward's suffering (and even Jacob's) was so devastating. I cried just reading about how much they were suffering when Bella was dying. Very moving and stressful.   I think my gasp could have been heard across state lines when Jacob imprinted on the baby. What a great plot twist AND very appropriate. I still can't get over that one!!!! I do hope they have their own book or SOMETHING, but I don't see that happening.  Now, about the end. I was fascinated by the fight preps. All of that was riveting, especially since \\"average\\" Bella was now their secret weapon. I was kind of bummed that there was never actually the big fight. Sure, they were attacked, but it wasn't much, and Bella's shield kept them all from harm. I was looking forward to the big fight and how they would all use their special skills to defend their family. I was expecting some to die in the fight, and was freaking out wondering who that might be, but still looking forward to the action. I was disappointed that that didn't happen and stressed out knowing that they'd be back...eventually...but without a book!   I would have liked an epilogue further into the future...like years!  Overall, though, I loved this book! It was my favorite of the 4.    By the way, these negative reviews are freaky. People talking about book-burnings????? Joking or no, that's really scary! Other people are talking about confronting her if they see her in public...again, joking or no, that's really scary. If you're taking a YA book about vampires this seriously, then you're not mature enough to read fictional novels. Seriously, people, chill out. You've had to suspend your disbelief for 3 large tomes already...now it's suddenly too unbelievable??? Sheesh, give me a break. It's time for school to start back up, since I'm thinking some people have too much time on their hands if they're throwing hissy fits over a fictional book. Ugh.
031606792X|4.0|My daughter has been reading this series since it started.  This winter I was out of \\"good\\" books to read and she suggested I start this series.  These books are wonderful!  I would recommend them to anyone.  I am a long time Anne Rice fan and I do think Stephenie Meyer's characters are a lot like Lestat and \\"family\\" as they grew in Anne Rice's books.  Vampires with \\"heart\\" and \\"soul\\" is a super concept!  I'll bet the Talamasca could give the Volturi a run for their money!  Yes, Breaking Dawn was a bit sappy in that there are happy endings all around, but it was so incredibly well written that it made sense!  My daughter read the entire book on Saturday after it came out and I read it on Sunday.  It has been a LONG time since a book held my attention so that I just could not put it down.  So what if everyone was happy at the end?  MOST avid readers read as a release from the reality that is our lives.  HAPPILY EVER AFTER is what a GREAT book is all about!  READ THIS!
031606792X|4.0|I really liked this book. The things that I wanted to have happen, did. Plus, there were some unexpected twists and surprises, always a plus!  I for one like a happy ending, and am glad that Bella and Edward got the life they deserve. I also liked that all the unanswered questions were answered and that Bella seems to be good at her new life. I can't wait to read more from SM.
0743496736|5.0|This novel was amazing. I am an avid reader and have read many novels and gone through many writers throughout my life, but Jodi Picoult is absolutely astounding. This novel has so many twists and turns and I must admit, it gets boring in some sections, but then something drastic happens that makes up for it all. Definitely an A+++!!  I would recommend this to anyone!
031606792X|4.0|While Breaking Dawn is certainly not perfect, I cannot understand the extreme negative opinions about this book.  Breaking Dawn was nothing like I thought it would be, but I don't consider that a bad thing.  There are certainly areas that fall short of their potential (the main one being the end confrontation with the Volturi), but the positives FAR outway the negatives.      She created a story that was full of surprises and situations I had never even imagined were possible.  Having always been a fan of Jacob, I was incredibly pleased that a way was provided for him to FINALLY be happy, while still being a part of Bella's life.  And as for the critics who are complaining about everyone being too happy....seriously?  There's enough unhappiness in the real world that I'm not going to complain that a story ends well for everyone.  Hopefully onces fans have time to get used to this book they'll end up enjoying it.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|This is a tender movie and wonderfully done.  It is simple and does not have the famous actors as in other Jane Austen films, but you will be a fan nonetheless.  The subtle glances and movements have you on the edge of your seat.  It is a slow moving film but I think this is an asset to the film as it all flows nicely and plays enough with your heart that you are waiting for what happens at the end.  I do recommend have english subtitles on during the parts you can not hear exactly what is being said.  I needed this at the end when the last note is read.  I highly recommend this film.
031606792X|5.0|I don't know why everyone is hating this book I loved it & would have been mad if Bella & Edward would not have ended up together.  I thought the whole Reenesme & Jacob thing was wierd but would not have wanted Jake to end up alone.  I was kind of sick of the whole Jacob & Edward fighting all the time.  I guess not very many people like happy endings.
6305907145|5.0|I am a huge fan of Jane Austen films.  If you are one who wants the book on film, this may not be for you.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and compare it to other Jane Austen contemporary films such as \\"Emma\\" with Gwenthyn Paltrow, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" with Keira Knightley, and \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" with Emma Thompson.  I proudly will add this to my DVD collection and recommended this movie to those who like the others I have mentioned.  (If you have not seen the others - I recommend them too!).  Enjoy for you will not see it a moment too soon!  :)
B0017I1FP8|4.0|I had mixed views on the soundtrack to Batman begins. Although there were some good tracks, so much of it felt boring and dreary, and not a particularly entertaining listen.  So why is that a similar style is used in this soundtrack but instead it appeals to me, draws me in right from the very beginning and makes it's way up the list of my favourite soundtracks?     I feel it is some what down to a much better film (in my opinion), but the style of music is executed so much better here than in the first film. The first score tried too hard to be dark, this however has dark written all over it and it works. Oh yes, it works.    Right from the start this soundtrack is a winner. Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard collaborate again, mixing electronic beats to grand, sweeping orchestras, and there are also touches of emotional melodies, particularly in track 3 - 'Harvey Two Face', which tells the tale, in music, of the character's downfall.     One of my favourite 'techniques' that the film made use of was with the Joker's 'theme'. When the joker was planning something, the music and often the sound effects cut out and we were just left with a rising electronic sound that is the very defenition of a tension builder. It's great to see this in the soundtrack, in fact, it's the very first thing you hear in track 1.    This score builds on the themes of the original to great effect. Track 08 - 'Like a Dog Chasing Cars' features the emotional melody from the first score but this time in a much darker, faster paced tune that worked wonders both in the film and on this score.  There are also links to other great soundtracks, one I noticed in particular was the Metal Gear Solid 3 game soundtrack by Harry Gregson-Williams.    I didn't give it the full 5 stars because it's not perfect. One of the minor gripes I have is that the longer tracks, track 1 and 14, start off interesting, but then start to drag on a bit. I don't mean this as in the music is bad, not at all, but I felt ifthey were going to make long tracks as 'suites', they should have made it interesting all the way through. But, it sets the mood perfectly in this way which is one of the main success factors of this score.    This will definately sit among my favourite CDs in my collection. A triumph by the two composers.
B000002PCS|5.0|One of the best soundtracks to come out of Hollywood in a long time. Just great pieces of easy listening music.
B000TGJ8A8|3.0|Next is a average sci fi movie with a decent budget and good performances from top actors.  This movie didn't make it to alot of cities big screens in other words it wasn't a hit flick and it had a very limited release evidently.  It is out on blu ray and the picture is fine but then almost anything looks great on blu ray.  It's worth renting in blu ray if your local store has a copy or if netflix has one for rent but I would wait till the price drops to buy a copy of this one because you can get some real movie classics on blu ray for this price.
0393312836|5.0|In response to one of other reviewers,    That, what you call \\"made-up slang\\" is a language called dsat which is more or less Russian words written using the English alphabet. \\"Horror Show\\" for example translates to \\"good\\", because if you say horrorshow in one word really fast, someone who understands Russian will likely think you are saying the word \\"good\\" in Russian. This language idiosyncrasy alone makes a good point of good vs. evil, which is one of the focuses of the book - \\"horror show\\" actually means good.
B000M341QE|1.0|What were the reviewers thinking when they hyped this film? Do they automatically go for anything with Jack Nicholson? The film was contrived, hokey, packed with inexplicable behavior and major plot elements left unanswered. How did DiCaprio find the police shrink? Do all undercover officers use police shrinks to score tranquilizers? Do police shrinks really go on dates with men who spent the prior five minutes angrily yelling at them? Do attractive, young, female psychiatrists really sleep with pill-popping patients who have nearly zero time for a relationship? What happened to the envelope DiCaprio gave her? Regarding Damon's first encounter with the shrink in an elevator, does repeatedly using the F-word in public really work to impress female strangers?    Shouldn't the cops have, like, duh, wondered why a car packed with thugs just happened to show up to kill the cop captain that Damon ordered tailed? At the very least, wouldn't that have been a REALLY good time to take Damon off of his assignment? Would the cops tailing their boss really stay in their vehicle when they knew a gang of thugs had just entered the deserted building he was in? Is the murder of a state police captain so routine in Boston that no action was taken to find the killers? Why did DiCaprio feel that he had to be the one to arrest Damon, with zero backup? Oh, wait, I forgot, he did that so there would be another dramatic confrontation between two big stars.    I was riveted to the TV while watching Goodfellas and Casino; but then, those were dramatizations based on actual events. The Departed, on the other hand, has no bearing on reality at all.
B00006JDVV|3.0|Battling dragons was a story told in legends of knights in the dark ages.<br />The old maps had at the edge of the known world:<br />\\"There be dragons there\\".<br />They actually found flying reptiles in the fossil record in the very far past.<br />Here a cave in a London underground excavation is uncovered: the sleeping dragons rise to bring down man.<br />The last hope of man seems to be a small band of dragon slayers.<br />Only one man knows where the original cave lair is, where the  only male<br />makes his home.<br />Some need heroes, but others are born to it.<br />It is a fun movie that blends legend with adventure in an strange new future.
B000M2E42G|1.0|I am wondering how this guy made any money.  He can't sing and his songs just become noise.
0679805273|4.0|We use this book as a completion/graduation gift for a summer program for high school students that gives them experience in working at a university-level research project. The program is called SHARP. The book edition is hardback with a color-embossed jacket, so it will hold up as a keepsake, and the kids use it as they would a yearbook--collecting autographs and keep-in-touch messages from their friends and teachers.
B00008EY9G|5.0|I just watched Identity for the second time and even though I knew the ending, it still was very good. In fact, you notice some very interesting behavior from one of the characters that you might have missed the first time. In my opinion, this movie has one of the freakiest endings ever on film. And no I refuse to spoil it for anyone, watch it yourself and see.
032147404X|5.0|i love this book because it doesnt give me headach. most book i always have to take a break.. this book teach me alot. i just want to keep reading it. i was kinda sad that it's over at the last page. I bought a camera.. it's on the way now..   this help me know the basic of the camera.  its great for beginner.
031606792X|4.0|I have read a lot of other reviews and feel that people expect too much and are to hard on Stephenie Meyer. She did a very good job wrapping up all the loose ends. I will admit when i first started reading I was unsure whether i would like the direction it was going but as I read on I started enjoying the book more and more. I recommend this book to anone who has read and enjoyed the first three books of the series.
031606792X|2.0|Borrow it from a library if you must but don't waste your money on this book.  Better yet read Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse and let your imagination finish the story for you... there's no way you couldn't do better.      While it was interesting to get more details on the other vampires that have been mentioned and the chapter titles were amusing, I was disappointed with everything past the wedding.  From then on, the story seemed forced and outlandish to the point of absurdity.  (The phrase that keeps crossing my mind is \\"If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bulls***.\\")    If, as Ms. Meyer has said, this story stayed true to the characters of Bella, Edward, and Jacob, then I did not get to know them at all in the first three books, which is a shame because I truly enjoyed the characters I thought they were.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I couldn't put it down and finished it in 3 days.  I am only sad that it is over.  I laughed and cried in this one and wouldn't have changed a thing about it.
B00005MP58|5.0|This is an excellent version of Pride and Prejudice. Follows the book closely and does not omit huge sections to save time. Colin Furth is Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle the perfect Elizbeth. Well worth owning if you are a fan of Jane Austin.
031606792X|5.0|My Review:<br />I couldn't help but notice all of the negative reviews before I had even started reading Breaking Dawn. Everyone is of course entitled to their own opinion but some of the reasons for the negative responses to Stephanie Meyer's last installment in the Twilight series caused me to be in an even greater rush to finish the book so I could see what was so horrible about it. By the time I got half way through the book, I realized that I wanted to finish it so I could write a review myself-- to completely disagree or perhaps explain why I disagree with all of the negative responses.<br /><br />**Spoilers**<br /><br />1. Someone complained that one of the author's message in the book is that it is okay for teenage marriage and pregnancy. That it is okay to not go to college, etc.<br /><br />I definitely disagree. First of all, Bella is 18 years old when she marries Edward. And let me remind you that it is rare these days for 18 year old girls to even still be virgins! Bella and Edward didn't think they could have children so of course it was a great shock to both when they discovered that she was with child. I don't think the author is necessarily saying its okay or that it was even her intent for us, the readers to take Bella's marriage and pregnancy that way. However, we live in a society where we think that putting our hands over our children's eyes or covering their ears is the best way to prevent them from seeing the evil in the world or making bad choices, etc. when really all we are doing is hurting our children. I personally feel that teen pregnancy is still a very big issue in today's society and I give Stephanie Meyer credit for putting it in there on top of the whole \\"abortion\\" topic. Teen pregnancy and abortion are issues that are happening around us every day. Moving onto the college issue, Bella and Edward had planned on going to college right before they learned of her pregnancy. Yes, maybe Bella was being a little immature with her reasons, but it was something they had planned to do. But might I also add here that this IS partly a supernatural story and so many things happen between the time she learns she is pregnant to the end of the book that I honestly don't blame Bella or Edward for putting college on the back burner.<br /><br />2. Let's move on to the whole \\"imprinting\\" issue with Jacob and the werewolves (now explained to be shape shifters). I read in many reviews that the whole imprinting idea was \\"stupid,\\" \\"disgusting,\\" \\"disturbing,\\" \\"perverted\\" and the list goes on. I am not trying to insult anyone's intelligence but I think the reason why most are upset or freaked out about the idea is because it is not something most readers have heard of. Ever hear of the saying that you fear what you don't know, and most people pass severe judgment on things that they don't know or understand. The reason why the whole imprinting thing didn't surprise me or disgust me throughout the Twilight series or between Jacob and Nessie (Edward and Bella's child) is because I have been reading romance novels for over 15 years. I was an English major while I was in college and now I teach English. But the Romance genre has always been my first love. The reason why I bring this up is because being a romance novel fan for so many years, you can imagine how hard it can be to find something new, something fresh. So of course when supernatural and paranormal romance novels started to become popular, I jumped right into it. I am sure many romance novel readers would agree that the \\"imprinting\\" idea that Stephanie Meyer introduces in her Twilight series is NOT a new or unfamiliar idea. I can give dozens of examples of \\"imprinting in romance novels. One example that came immediately to mind is Christine Feehan's book Dark Prince. Mikhail is the prince of the Carpathian people and his race is dying (they are like vampires only they do not hurt humans). After a few centuries, if they do not find their mate, the other half of their soul, they begin to lose their ability to see in color, to have emotions, and eventually, will become a dangerous, mindless creature. Mikhail finds his mate, and she becomes pregnant. Long story short, something happens that causes his mate to be close to death and Mikhail's only hope is for his healer, Gregori to save her. As he starts to save her, he can see the little baby in her womb, a female child, and realizes that this small child is his mate. All Gregori has to do is wait until she grows up and matures into a woman. There are hundred more examples of \\"imprinting\\" in the romance/supernatural novel world. This is exactly what Stephanie Meyer has done in her Twilight series and I think it is quite brilliant. I don't find it disgusting or disturbing simply because Jacob knows that little Nessie is just a child and even though they are destined to be together, he does not see this child in a sexual, perverted way at all. The need to be around her is something he cannot help because it is fate that has put them together, two halves of the same whole. The only other reason why I could think people that it was disturbing is because it is Bella's child he has imprinted with and perhaps people thought that it would cause an awkwardness since he seemed so in love with Bella. While I think Jacob loved Bella, I always felt that Jacob's love was more of an infatuation tied in with the love of a best friend. Not for one second did I feel that Jacob's love for Bella was stronger than Edward's. I often was a bit irritated with Jacob because sometimes I thought he was a bit irrational and too quick to make decisions where Edward was always thoughtful. I am definitely not knocking Jacob, I loved his character and it was a great way to show two different ways of thinking, Jacob the hot headed one and Edward the calm, calculating, thoughtful one.<br /><br />I also noticed people mentioning that they still felt sorry for Jacob, almost as if he got jibbed in the end. How can anyone say that? First and foremost, Bella always saw her vampire family and Jacob as her family. Once Jacob got over his distrust over the \\"blood suckers\\" and we saw through his eyes in the second part of the book how much he had grown to respect and even feel apart of the Cullen household, my pain for Jacob's loneliness started to fade. And when he realized that Nessie is and would eventually be his mate, all the pieces just fit perfectly. He not only found his mate, the person he REALLY was supposed to be with, but he also GAINED a family, along with his pack and most importantly-- he still has Bella in his life. So why do people still feel so sorry for Jacob?<br /><br />3. Moving on to Bella. Another annoying comment that many made was that Bella had absolutely no growth as a character, she was still immature, still allowed others to fight her battles, etc.<br /><br />When I read those reviews I really started to wonder if people actually read the book or not. First and foremost, Bella's character is complex. I would say that in some ways from the very beginning we see a young woman who is way beyond her years, perhaps an old soul, who sees things and the world differently than most 17 and 18 year olds. But I also agree that in many parts of the first 3 books and even in the beginning of Breaking Dawn we see a very immature side of her as well. Bella not really wanting to get married but doing it to get her way. Bella listening to everything Edward says without really stating her own opinions. But for those of you who think that Bella has not changed or grown into the woman that I saw by the end of the book, please read again. The first signs of her truly becoming a mature young woman is when she not only realizes she is pregnant, but how fiercely she protects the life inside her. So much so that she goes behind Edward's back (which is rare since she normally depends on him for everything) to insure that no harm comes to their baby. Once Bella is turned into avampire, I never saw her as the young, clumsy, immature girl-- I saw her as a woman who was worried about her baby, filled with love for her husband, surprised but grateful that Jacob was still around even though her motherly instincts kicked in and she was irritated at the thought that Jacob would have such an important part of her daughter's life, if not more. Bella, who was always unsure about herself physically, filled with insecurities, became a confident, determined, and fierce woman by the end of the book. How can people say her character has not shown growth?<br /><br />4. Lastly, people have stated that they were disappointed with Edward in this book, that Stephanie Meyer should have made Book Two in Edward's point-of-view instead of Jacob's, that Edward never formally thanked Bella for giving him a child, that Edward owed her an apology for even considering aborting their child and calling it such names as \\"monster\\" and \\"it\\"; and that Edward didn't have much of a role in this last book.<br /><br />First and foremost let me remind everyone that this is ultimately Bella's story, told through her eyes. Yes, we get to see a little through Jacob's eyes and while some thought that his part of the book was boring, I would have to disagree. Through Jacob's eyes we truly get to see how lost Edward was. Let's admit it, the cool, calm Edward we have grown to know was completely in a dark place through the better part of the book. Through Jacob's eyes we get to see this; Edward's fear to even leave Bella's side, how he begs Jacob to talk to her to change her mind about keeping the baby, etc. Personally, I think that if Meyer made Book Two in Edward's eyes, we wouldn't get half the information that Jacob gave us, especially with the splitting of the packs, etc. Edward was consumed with pain, anguish, fear, often starring off into space. I think Edward's frame of mind would have been very disturbing which I honestly do not hold against him. Moving on to Edward and the whole owing Bella thank you and an apology...Well, first of all, if Edward owes her an apology, then the whole Cullen family PLUS Jacob AND the wolf pack as well. Maybe it is just me, but Edward was not trying to abort the \\"fetus\\" because he is inconsiderate or didn't want the responsibility of raising a child. HE FEARED FOR BELLA'S LIFE! NO one, including the gentle and intelligent Carlisle had no idea what Bella was carrying! From the very beginning, all Edward wanted and has shown is is love for Bella, his devotion to protecting her, his FEAR of losing her. So of course one of the logical things that popped into his AND the rest of the Cullen family AND Jacob's head once they saw how sick and weak she had become from carrying the life inside her was to get it out of her to save her life. But what made up for all of it was when Edward finally heard the baby's thoughts. He then realized that it was not a monster or just a fetus or an it; it was his child, Bella's child, and their baby loved Bella, loved the sound of her voice, loved the sound of Edward's voice. When Edward rested his head on her belly gently to listen, that is when I teared up. That is when I realized that Edward knew that what she carried in her womb was not a monster but the culmination of their love. Edward saved his daughter's life by delivering her when no one else could, even kicking Jacob out of the room. Edward showed many tender moments, talked about Nessie with awe, and even showed fatherly jealousy and irritation when he learns that Jacob is his baby girl's mate. Yes, I am not saying I completely disagree with the comment that Edward's role was a bit secondary compared to the other 3 books, actually 2 considering that Edward was pretty much a ghost in New Moon for most of the book. But again, this is Bella's story and I think we all can agree that (and maybe this is part of Bella's growth) Bella has A LOT to deal with once she is finally turned into a vampire. It's no longer just about her and Edward, or her, Edward and the Jacob triangle. Now Bella has a baby, her family is in danger, she is just learning her own powers, etc.<br /><br />There is so much more I could comment on but I think these are the main issues that most seem to keep bringing up. I give this book a 5 star rating but don't think that I wasn't left with some wishes of my own or with a question or two.<br /><br />1. One thing that did bother me just a bit was the fact that Nessie seemed to show more attention to Bella and Jacob than her own father, Edward. This is not such a big deal because their were tender moments between them, especially towards the end when Nessie reaches for Edward and he kisses her goodbye, the little caresses, tender words, his obvious love for her. But I just noticed that more often then not, she was either with Bella or Jacob.<br /><br />2. Another trivial thing but Jacob made a huge point, on several occasions, about how much Vampires smell. I was a little surprised that Meyer didn't add how Nessie smelled to Jacob considering she is half vampire and half human. I mean, does she smell more like a human then a vampire? Just was a bit curious about that.<br /><br />Other then those small things that I noticed and perhaps a few more I can't think of right now, I found the book well worth 5 stars. I think Stephanie Meyer did a very good job at showing us her vision and I can only hope that the Twilight movie does good in December so that I can see the other 3 Twilight books come to life on the big screen!-- I saw her as a woman who was worried about her baby, filled with love for her husband, surprised but grateful that Jacob was still around even though her motherly instincts kicked in and she was irritated at the thought that Jacob would have such an important part of her daughter's life, if not more. Bella, who was always unsure about herself physically, filled with insecurities, became a confident, determined, and fierce woman by the end of the book. How can people say her character has not shown growth?    4. Lastly, people have stated that they were disappointed with Edward in this book, that Stephanie Meyer should have made Book Two in Edward's point-of-view instead of Jacob's, that Edward never formally thanked Bella for giving him a child, that Edward owed her an apology for even considering aborting their child and calling it such names as \\"monster\\" and \\"it\\"; and that Edward didn't have much of a role in this last book.    First and foremost let me remind everyone that this is ultimately Bella's story, told through her eyes. Yes, we get to see a little through Jacob's eyes and while some thought that his part of the book was boring, I would have to disagree. Through Jacob's eyes we truly get to see how lost Edward was. Let's admit it, the cool, calm Edward we have grown to know was completely in a dark place through the better part of the book. Through Jacob's eyes we get to see this; Edward's fear to even leave Bella's side, how he begs Jacob to talk to her to change her mind about keeping the baby, etc. Personally, I think that if Meyer made Book Two in Edward's eyes, we wouldn't get half the information that Jacob gave us, especially with the splitting of the packs, etc. Edward was consumed with pain, anguish, fear, often starring off into space. I think Edward's frame of mind would have been very disturbing which I honestly do not hold against him. Moving on to Edward and the whole owing Bella thank you and an apology...Well, first of all, if Edward owes her an apology, then the whole Cullen family PLUS Jacob AND the wolf pack as well. Maybe it is just me, but Edward was not trying to abort the \\"fetus\\" because he is inconsiderate or didn't want the responsibility of raising a child. HE FEARED FOR BELLA'S LIFE! NO one, including the gentle and intelligent Carlisle had no idea what Bella was carrying! From the very beginning, all Edward wanted and has shown is is love for Bella, his devotion to protecting her, his FEAR of losing her. So of course one of the logical things that popped into his AND the rest of the Cullen family AND Jacob's head once they saw how sick and weak she had become from carrying the life inside her was to get it out of her to save her life. But what made up for all of it was when Edward finally heard the baby's thoughts. He then realized that it was not a monster or just a fetus or an it; it was his child, Bella's child, and their baby loved Bella, loved the sound of her voice, loved the sound of Edward's voice. When Edward rested his head on her belly gently to listen, that is when I teared up. That is when I realized that Edward knew that what she carried in her womb was not a monster but the culmination of their love. Edward saved his daughter's life by delivering her when no one else could, even kicking Jacob out of the room. Edward showed many tender moments, talked about Nessie with awe, and even showed fatherly jealousy and irritation when he learns that Jacob is his baby girl's mate. Yes, I am not saying I completely disagree with the comment that Edward's role was a bit secondary compared to the other 3 books, actually 2 considering that Edward was pretty much a ghost in New Moon for most of the book. But again, this is Bella's story and I think we all can agree that (and maybe this is part of Bella's growth) Bella has A LOT to deal with once she is finally turned into a vampire. It's no longer just about her and Edward, or her, Edward and the Jacob triangle. Now Bella has a baby, her family is in danger, she is just learning her own powers, etc.    There is so much more I could comment on but I think these are the main issues that most seem to keep bringing up. I give this book a 5 star rating but don't think that I wasn't left with some wishes of my own or with a question or two.    1. One thing that did bother me just a bit was the fact that Nessie seemed to show more attention to Bella and Jacob than her own father, Edward. This is not such a big deal because their were tender moments between them, especially towards the end when Nessie reaches for Edward and he kisses her goodbye, the little caresses, tender words, his obvious love for her. But I just noticed that more often then not, she was either with Bella or Jacob.    2. Another trivial thing but Jacob made a huge point, on several occasions, about how much Vampires smell. I was a little surprised that Meyer didn't add how Nessie smelled to Jacob considering she is half vampire and half human. I mean, does she smell more like a human then a vampire? Just was a bit curious about that.    Other then those small things that I noticed and perhaps a few more I can't think of right now, I found the book well worth 5 stars. I think Stephanie Meyer did a very good job at showing us her vision and I can only hope that the Twilight movie does good in December so that I can see the other 3 Twilight books come to life on the big screen!
B001AW9DKK|4.0|saw the tour & it was great. haven't heard the cd yet but i will in a few days & i'll update this revue. they should have made it 2 discs, they played for over 3 hours. some great stuff is missing, immigration man( w/ both mexican & canadian flags as back drops at the show ), tree top flyer, almost cut my hair, ohio, an incredable rockin' the free world ending w/ an insane 4 man guitar melt down, even crosby was in on it. i'm sorry, i didn't mean to write a review of the show
0743455967|5.0|If you're a writer or enjoy reading about Stephen King in depth, this is the book for you. The first half is his life and writing career and the second half is how he goes about writing. Very Freeing Ideas!!! He shows how to write using your creativity and intuition instead of constricting plotting/outlining techniques. Special book! Wonderful man.
B000EHQ8AU|5.0|I find this one of Placebo's best CDs.  The way the songs are organized on the CD start off more calm, get crazy then calm down.  Meds into Infra-Red is a great combo.  Best song on the CD is Follow The Cops Back Home.  This is a very mature CD from Placebo, and I guess the last of the great lineup with Steve no longer helming the drums.
0307277887|3.0|I enjoyed the book, but it wasn't really as good as I'd thought it was going to be. I love the concept, and I think the author does an excellent job developing the main character so that he is complex and believable. The problem both my husband and I had was that we felt that none of the other characters received much development at all. They all seemed flat, two-dimensional. My husband, who is a police dispatcher, complained that neither Deb nor La Guerta had any business being police at all, since apparently none of them can think for themselves, and need Dexter to do all of their work for them.    I recently started watching the TV series, and have to say that the show does a better job rounding out and developing ALL of the characters, not just Dexter.    The book was engaging and I enjoyed it, but I think I'll just stick with the TV show and not bother reading any of the additional books.
B00011F5DK|5.0|I bought this game to take on our lake vacation.  I played online a few times to get the feel of it and that convinced me that the kids would like it.  It was the hit of the trip, especially because we had more rain than usual.  Every age enjoyed it and there were always enough people wanting to play.  (It is best played by 4 players.)   Ages 9 through 60 all played together and everyone had a good time.  I was in fear of losing the pieces and so used 4 ziplock bags to hold them.  I drilled the kids on counting before they started, which helped since they understood the need for everyone to have the same number.  We made it through 2 weeks without losing any.
0743290119|1.0|My mother taught me (or was it Thumper from Walt Disney's Bambi) \\"if you can't say something nice - do not say anything at all.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I love this show!  I hardly ever watch network sitcoms anymore but this show has won me over.  I downloaded all the season one episodes from iTunes so I can watch them on my iPod.<br /><br />Jim Parsons's character \\"Sheldon\\" is quickly climbing the ladder to be among my favorite TV sitcom characters of all time.  He has a way to go to pass Frank Bonner's \\"Herb Tarlek, Jr\\" from \\"WKRP in Cincinnati\\", but he's getting  close.<br /><br />The 2008 Emmy nominations have been announced and Parsons' name is nowhere to be seen, and that is just a CRIME! What gives?!  Mediocre shows like \\"Two and a Half Men\\" get accolades and recognition but this show doesn't?!  We live in an unfair world, folks.<br /><br />Buy this DVD set.  Hopefully the show's writers can milk the concept for a few more seasons and still keep it fresh and funny.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Eureka is such a different kind of show it is hard to figure out what category to put it in.  The humor is sometimes subtle and sometimes just outrageous. All of the characters are well developed and some are a bit off the wall.  They all come together seamlessly for a really good show.  I cannot wait to see season three and nothing is as it seems in Eureka.  I would really recommend this for those with a \\"diversified' sense of humor and a fancy for the fanatical! Ditto for season 2.
0307276902|4.0|After years of protesting this book and DETESTING what James Frey did in creating and promoting this book...I broke down.  Too many friends said it was a riveting read, and I figured, I'm going into this KNOWING it's fiction, and I read it as such.  That's not to say that I'm still not a big fan of Frey, but after reading this book, I can say I admire his courage and strength to preservere through life.<br /><br />That being said...this is a good book.  A lot of things caught me by surprise, one was his writing style.  It's unique, although at times annoying.  Frey has a tendancy to write run-on sentences or to just skip punctuation.  Although I did like how the book was spaced, at times there was one paragraph on a page, to maybe signify an important matter or a passage of time.  I was also surprised in reading how events unfolded.  I won't give anything away, but suffice it to say that there was something that I kept \\"waiting\\" for and it didn't happen.  Surprises in books are good.  Lastly, I was happy to find that I found the periferal characters very engaging and intriguing.  When I got to the end I was glad a note was added that let us know where each person is at this point in time.<br /><br />I am not an alcoholic so I cannot speak as to how this might help one.  I can imagine it would provide inspiration or at the very least, a feeling of not being alone in the fear and struggle.<br /><br />I suppose I would recommend this book to someone else.  Honestly, I didn't WANT to enjoy this book.  I didn't want to LIKE Frey's character.  But, it was inevitable.  I figured after years of being stubborn I didn't want to be left as the only one who hadn't read this book.  Plus, I borrowed it from a friend, so I didn't spend my own money on it, or contribute to his earnings.  That helps, right?
B0007ZD6YK|5.0|This is an excellent production by the BBC.  The only downside is sometimes it is hard to understand their \\"English\\". (Apologies to the Btits!) Just when you think you have it figured out, and this is a mini-series that keeps you engaged so you want to figure out who-done-it, the plot takes a sharp turn with the addition of new evidence or a new character.  The acting is excellent, the setting is realistic and the action is fast moving.  Would like to see other mini-series by this writer.
B00000251N|5.0|I've had this CD for over 20 years now.  It's a masterpiece in its own right.  When you listen to a Neil Diamond song, you are focused on that one song as a great moment for Neil, even if the rest of his album may not impress you.  But this album of \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull\\" is something to be cherished from Neil Diamond as a whole concept, a project.<br /><br />On this album, Neil Diamond's voice really is only merely another instrument in what can easily be perceived as an instrumental album. Although he sings or speaks on most of the tracks here, it's the instrumentation that makes this album more than just another Neil Diamond album.  Two tracks barely charted on the radio from this album.  The song \\"Be\\" charted #34, and \\"Skybird\\" even lower at #75.  But the album charted #2 for one week, and it happens to be Neil Diamond's highest charting album of all time.  So, what does that tell ya?<br /><br />I'm surprised that an effort hasn't been made to remaster this album so that the orchestration can be made fuller and more glorified.<br /><br />I've never seen the movie and I'm hearing mixed reviews on the film being either a great movie achievement or just a dull passage of non-exciting events that portray the life of a single seagull.<br /><br />Well, whether the movie is great or not, this album is definitely a masterpiece.  It came out in 1973.  Alot of fantastic albums came out of 1973.  The year for ground-breaking starts for many artists.  Pink Floyd, Elton John, Abba, Paul McCartney and Wings, Steve Miller Band, etc. etc.<br /><br />And even some more brave Pioneers of Technical Sound Invention got recognized in 1973, like Emerson Lake and Palmer, Tangerine Dream, Rick Wakeman, Mike Oldfield.....<br /><br />Yeah, I know I drifted here, but you'd have to agree that Neil Diamond couldn't have release this album at a better time than the glorious year of 1973.  And just after he left MCA to sign on with Columbia.<br /><br />I'll bet that MCA cried that year. Because Columbia also picked up Pink Floyd the following year and they really began to soar.<br /><br />But, too bad Neil's music wasn't maintaining its appeal after \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull\\".  Sure, he was still putting out hits, but he just wasn't that Aggressive Jewish Folk Rock Vocalist that he once was.  I think he \\"Barry Manilow'd\\" on us and was performing \\"wussy pop suicide\\" which could only appeal to listeners his age and older.  Much older.<br /><br />\\"The Jazz Singer\\" was a remotely interesting comeback in 1980.  But, I think nearly everything else on pop radio was pretty weak in 1980.  1980 was a bad year for everybody in music.  1981 and 1982 were pretty decent but MTV changed everything about how we listened to music.<br /><br />Jeez, I can still go on and on, but I think I better end this review right here.lowing year and they really began to soar.      But, too bad Neil's music wasn't maintaining its appeal after \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull\\".  Sure, he was still putting out hits, but he just wasn't that Aggressive Jewish Folk Rock Vocalist that he once was.  I think he \\"Barry Manilow'd\\" on us and was performing \\"wussy pop suicide\\" which could only appeal to listeners his age and older.   Much older.    \\"The Jazz Singer\\" was a remotely interesting comeback in 1980.  But, I think nearly everything else on pop radio was pretty weak in 1980.  1980 was a bad year for everybody in music.  1981 and 1982 were pretty decent but MTV changed everything about how we listened to music.    Jeez, I can still go on and on, but I think I better end this review right here.
B00005JPS8|5.0|This is a great superhero film that the whole family can enjoy.    If you are wondering what the special features on the 2-disc DVD are, here they are:    The IRON MAN Ultimate Edition two-DVD set is presented in widescreen enhanced for 16:9 televisions with Dolby Digital English 5.1 Surround, French 5.1 Surround and Spanish 5.1 Surround with English, French and Spanish subtitles. Total runtime is 125 minutes. Bonus features include:    Disc 1:    Feature film  Deleted/Extended Scenes    Disc 2:    I Am Iron Man  -- The Journey Begins  -- The Suit that makes the Iron Man  -- The Walk of Destruction  -- Grounded In Reality  -- Beneath the Armor  -- It's All in the Details  -- A Good Story, Well Told    The Invincible Iron Man  -- Origins  -- Friends & Foes  -- The Definitive Iron Man  -- Demon in a Bottle  -- Extremis and Beyond  -- Ultimate Iron Man  Wired: The Visual Effects of Iron Man  Robert Downey Jr. Screen Test  The Actor's Process (scene rehearsal with cast)  The Onion \\"Wildly Popular Iron Man Trailer to be Adapted into Full Length Film\\"  Image Galleries
B00001OH7U|5.0|In which D. Bowie gets good.<br />I have always been of two minds about Bowie; on the one hand, his undeniable intelligence, taste, and ability to spot cultural trends barely perceptible to all but those buried in deep the underground has allowed him to be one of the biggest influences in pop music history; on the other hand, his relationship to rock 'n roll has always been that of a dilletante outsider, a cabaret artiste/actor playing dress-up and often delivering a lot of bad music in the process, i.e., he means to come on like his idols/collaborators Iggy, the Velvets, Eno but winds up sounding like Anthony Newley after a bad encounter with THC.<br />However, between '75 and '80, he made a string of records of undeniable worth, which cast a massive shadow over many subsequent developments; I'm talking about this album, \\"Low,\\" \\"Heroes,\\" \\"Lodger,\\" \\"Scary Monsters,\\" and his collaborations with Mr. Pop, \\"The Idiot\\" and \\"Lust for Life.\\" \\"Station to Station\\" is the starting point, the template, and in many ways the best of the bunch.<br />Bowie had just shed his glitter-era Ziggy personae, his wife, and his management company, and acquired such a massive cocaine habit that by his own admission, his psyche disintegrated. Living in LA, a town he despised, and shooting The Man Who Fell to Earth, wherein his fragile mental and physical state is evident for all to see, he recorded this album as the soundtrack, though it was never used. The music is a strange brew of discordant elements -- the soul/disco/funk of \\"Young Americans,\\" lots of guitar noise courtesay of 6-string mangler Earl Slick, discrete electronics, cabaret balladry, and intimations of a new robotic futurism. Both sides of the LP symetterically followed the same pattern -- a dark, epic, guitar-driven funk opus (the title track and \\"Stay\\"), a prayerful soul-tinged ballad with lots of W's in the title(\\"Word on a Wing,\\" \\"Wild is the Wind\\"), and a danc-y futuristic novelty song (\\"Golden Years,\\" \\"TVC15\\"). Songrwriting-wise, this is Bowie's most consistent disc, every tune actually hits the bulls-eye, his baritonal croon sounds unforced, and real emotion and wit shine through the \\"plastic soul\\" (his words) musical pallette. Special mention must be made of my favorite song on the album, \\"TVC15,\\" a nonsense song Bowie said was about a TV that ate his girlfriend, and the wittiest, most infectious thing he ever wrote, fusing a true danceable groove, a Devo-esque chorus, guitar noise, and a New Orleans-based barrelhouse piano melody.<br />Bowie said this album chronicled his crack-up, which perhaps is the reason it registers emotionally. The music looks forward to the chance-driven, grim electronic soundscapes of his subsequent Berlin Trilogy without sacrificing rock 'n roll accessibility. \\"Station to Station's\\" fusion of black dance music,deep depression, and metal machine music would wind up dictating much of UK post punk, both good (Joy Division, Magazine, The Cure) and bad (Bauhaus, Spandau Ballet, The Human League), and beyond that point the way to much industrial and electronica. In 1976, when it came it out, no-one would have guessed this, and the record seemed like an anomaly in DB's discography and unlike anything else on the radio at the time. Sometimes a dilettante sees things the rest of us cannot.
031606792X|4.0|This is probably the weakest of the series, but it is still very good. It resolves problems in a corny manner, but kept me reading non-stop in one sitting. I understand people's complaints about this book, but it is still very much worth reading. I would probably have given it 5 stars if I had not read the previous books in the series. The book was as good as other 5 star books that I have read.
031606792X|5.0|This is by far one of the best books I've ever read!  The final book in the Twilight Saga cements these books as my favorite books of all time.  I even re-read the book right after I had finished it, it was that good.  I highly recommend this series to all fantasy lovers!
B00004T9UF|5.0|When Eminem's major-label debute titled The Slim Shady LP hit the stores critics and some in the rap community saw him as a Vannila Ice wannabe and wouldn't even last a couple of records. THEY WERE WRONG!!!  Eminem was launched into stardum when his debute record went multi-platnum and eventually became parents worst nightmare.  What sets Eminem apart from other rappers is that he has exremely violent lyrics and the glorification of homophobia and misogyny in some of his songs. In his follow-up album The Marshall Mathers LP takes it up a knotch and created the fastest selling rap record in history and his most controversial album he's ever made.  In my opinion, The Marshall Mathers LP is one of the best rap records ever made and solidified himself as one of the greatest  MCs of all time.  A friend of mine introduced me to Eminem and when I bought the album when it first came out at the age of 10 (even though I was pretty young at the time) I was instantly hooked to it and I couldn't stop listening to it, I liked the album that much.  Even though at the time Eminem became the perfect target for censorship he stuck to his guns and gave an Eminem album that would entertain fans for years to come.  Inever regretted buying that album and I never will, This album is a must have for every Eminem fan or those who like rap.  BUY THIS ALBUM!!! You won't be dissapointed!
031606792X|4.0|I loved it, while it may not have all the literary novelties critic will acclaim to be a classic piece of literature, it was an entertaining read and ended with a sense of peace that all is well in the vampire world. Considering this is the last book from Bella's perspective I wouldn't have it any other way than Happily Ever After,  and all her wishes coming true. (even the ones she didn't know she wanted).<br /><br />Here's my take on some of critical concerns:<br />The whole sacrifice issue. Bella DID sacrifice EVERYTHING. She didn't KNOW that she was going to get to have Edward's baby let alone survive it, she didn't KNOW that Jacob was going to imprint on said baby and still be apart of her life. She didn't KNOW she was going to be able to control her thirst and get to keep Charlie in her life. She didn't know she was going to be beautiful and graceful and good at being a vampire. In fact she was expecting all of her fears to come true and couldn't quite get her mind around good things that were actually happening to her. Plus she was prepared to be a MONSTER and not herself once she became a vampire. But she wanted it anyway.  The only analogy I can think of which is pretty silly. Is when Abraham is commanded by God to Sacrifice his son Isaac. Abraham didn't want to but he was prepared to be obedient. Would you still call Abraham disobedient just because he didn't actually have to go through with it? Bella was prepared to sacrifice everything but actually she didn't have to because of the all the choices she previously made in the three prior books.<br /><br />Bella never even thought it was a sacrifice not to have a baby, but the minute she had a choice, She chose to KEEP IT. I believe that's Stephenie's way of saying how important motherhood is. Bella not being mature enough to be a good mother is a notion not consistent with previous entries made of Bella's character. Bella's own relationship with her mother Rene show that Bella took on the role of care taker. Bella also provided that same role to her father Charlie. Bella has never been a real teenager according to her mother Renee and now that she is confident and secure with her new life of course she would be confident and secure to care for a child of her own.<br /><br />I Loved the Jacob book. Seriously it was a nice change from Bella's \\"whiny\\"ness. and the Imprinting scene. WOW! How could Bella ever have described that! I loved his chapter headings and Blondie jokes. I'm even so very proud of him for standing up for what's right and taking on his birthright, and Leah too.<br /><br />Edward and Bella. I finally felt like Bella became her own person after her transformation. Finally she feels like she is on equal footing with Edward and they really are of one heart and one mind now. Having her as a vampire Humanized Edward even more. There wasn't the decided differences between the two and they could finally true partners for each other.<br /><br />I too thought the Volturi scene was a little anti-climatic. But I guess we should have scene it coming when Alice used Merchant of Venice as her notepad for Bella. It was foreshadowed that this would be a contest against wits of mind and not just brute strength.  I did get a kick out of Bella smiling at Jane and Alec as if it was no big deal to shield them. I think it makes sense though. The witnesses were never ready to go into battle, and the Volturi are just a bunch of cowardly bullies. Finally Bella gets her chance to be a participate in rescuing her family. It's all she's ever wanted and tried to do in each and every prior book. It's only fitting that her new vampire power gives her the opportunity to make a truly helpful difference against adversity.<br /><br />I'm just really really glad this is so much happiness in Breaking Dawn. That way I can read and re-read to my hearts content. Especially since we don't know how long we are going to have to wait for another Stephenie Meyer book. I never read the sad parts of New Moon and Eclipse so I'm just glad there's lots of good stuff to read in Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />Overall I say I'm at peace with the final volume of the Twilight Saga. I'm sadden to think that it's over. Bella's story has been written and we might never get another look into the Cullen Universe, which is the true complaint. We all want more and for now it's over.s of good stuff to read in Breaking Dawn.    Overall I say I'm at peace with the final volume of the Twilight Saga. I'm sadden to think that it's over. Bella's story has been written and we might never get another look into the Cullen Universe, which is the true complaint. We all want more and for now it's over.
0743289412|3.0|Lisey's Story by Stephen King is the first Stephen King book I've read in some time. I used to be a big fan of the horror king, but at some point I stopped enjoying his overdoses in gore. Lisey's Story appealed to me as the the story of an ordinary woman caught up in extraordinary events. Lisey is the widow of a famous author, and she still hasn't completely dealt with the grief from his death. Two years after he is gone, she has just started sorting through his papers. The plot is convoluted and involves a sick psycho obsessed with obtaining those papers, an alternate world with stalking monsters, and Lisey's sister Amanda who has fallen into a catatonic state and just may be channeling Lisey's husband. First of all, I had a lot of trouble with the main character's name. I wanted to pronounce it Liz-ee, but King gives the phoenetic pronunciation of lee-cee on the first page. Despite that, every time I came across her name in the story I pronounced it my way, then stopped and did it his way. It made my reading jerky because I was constantly removing myself from the story. It's a small silly thing, but it really effected my enjoyment of the book. I went along with King' story until Lisey's encounter with a can-opener wielding psycho who gives her an at-home lumpectomy. Ick! I read through the rest just to be done. I was so frustrated with Lisey's refusal to do the commonsense thing and go to the authorities. The story was compelling and intriguing; I just never quite lost myself in it.
0679409874|5.0|Critical reviews of Austen's first book don't rate Sense and Sensibility as her best work.  In any event, I find her sense of humor and grasp of the English language makes this book a must in any collection of Austen's works.  It is well worth purchasing.  Too, the Everyman's Library cover is finely done.  This book will last on your shelf for years.
031606792X|5.0|I read Stephanie Meyers first three books in 1 week, and was very excited to read the 4th in the series.  I loved this book and could not find ANYTHING at all wrong with it.  It is exactly how I wanted it to go.  It had great humor as well.  I would highly recommend this book, but reading the first 3 is a must.JCNAZ
031606792X|5.0|*MILD SPOILERS,AND STRONG OPINION*  Wow.  I enjoyed this book. It didn't go the way I thought it would, but it was still interesting and further explored the lives of characters that I have grown to love throughout the series. Good for Stephenie for writing the ending SHE wanted to have. Bottom line, this is HER story to tell, she doesn't owe anyone anything in regard to the plot or ending of this awesome saga. She got to write a very rich, engaging story and we, as readers, got to go along for the ride. People are saying that Meyer \\"sold out\\" to give a happy ending to the story for her \\"younger fans\\", at the same time complaining because they didn't get the angst ridden ending they, as fans, wanted. A tad hypocritical, don't you think? Sure, life is bleak and dreary and full of sacrifice, we see that everyday. Do you really need to have it repeated in everything you read? Read Anne Rice if you need angst ridden, morose vampire tragedies. I also keep hearing about the issue of themes. It seems all anyone can focus on is the issue of Bella getting married and pregnant at a young age as a central theme and what sort of \\"message\\" that sends.   Seriously?  That type of spurious argument falls along with the \\"video games cause violent behaviour\\" fallacy.  I seriously doubt you will find many readers out there getting knocked up because Bella Swan did. Have any of the people using this argument read any YA fiction in the last decade? It is FULL of teen pregnancy, substance abuse, assault, violence, etc. To say that Meyer is sending the message that teen pregnancy is okay is just ridiculous. And the issue with her young marriage? There isn't a fan out there that can dispute that Edward and Bella are in love. Did these detractors boycott Romeo and Juliet? Because the couple in that story got married at 14. For heaven's sake, it's a STORY. A fantasy story at that, stop trying to relate the circumstances in this highly fantastical story to our social codes and standards.   Icould continue at length about the spurious arguments that various people are vomiting forth on various reviews, discussion boards and blogs. But, the end result is that these people are upset because they want to take ownership of the story and the final book did not meet their expecations. That's just sad, we were allowed to tag along on a truly beautiful story that enriched all of our lives. All I have to say is good for you, Stephenie. I am so grateful to have had the privilege of knowing these characters and their story.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|Imagine a cross between \\"The Princess Bride,\\" \\"Pan's Labyrinth,\\" and \\"Spirited Away.\\"  Now add even more stunning imagery that evokes the most beautiful Dal&iacute; paintings, and some excellent acting performances and direction, and you will come close to \\"The Fall.\\"<br /><br />I saw this movie a few days ago, and it has instantly become a favorite of mine.  I won't go into a synopsis of the story here, as you can find that elsewhere; instead, I'll let you know about some of the things that make this film truly special.  First, Catinca Untaru's performance is one of the best and most realistic from a child that I've ever seen on film.  Surely a lot of this must be attributed to the director.  When she appears on screen, it feels as if we're watching sincere interaction with a child rather than a child actor who has ever seen a script.<br /><br />Visually, of course, this movie is one of the most amazing I've ever seen.  I would actually consider ordering prints of some of the stills from this film to hang on my wall--it's that beautiful.<br /><br />While you can definitely follow the story if you aren't giving it your full attention, focusing on the details of the story is rewarded throughout with some very subtle storytelling that rings completely true to the perspective of a child's imagination while being told a story.<br /><br />The relationship between Alexandria (the little girl) and Roy (the stuntman telling her the story) is complex and heartbreaking at times.  Their interactions allow them to reveal their characters very naturally, and you end up loving them with all their faults.<br /><br />I don't understand why this movie has an R rating, though.  There is some violence, and some of it is a little graphic, perhaps.  There is no profanity (that I can recall) or nudity.  There are some \\"adult themes\\" I guess involving morphine, though I won't go into the specifics here.<br /><br />I also don't understand some of the reviews I've read online.  It seems that most reviews I've seen have either loved or hated this movie.  Obviously, I get the ones that love it.  I just don't understand that ones that pan this movie--it almost seems like some of those who have reviewed it badly must not have been watching the movie or paying any attention to it at all (if that's the case, then why review it?).<br /><br />Anyway, give this movie a try if you're looking for something helps you recall your own childhood imagination.<br /><br />Edited later to add: I just watched the film again and was reminded that there is a bit of graphic violence and a curse word or two.  I suppose this is why it got the R rating.this movie.  Obviously, I get the ones that love it.  I just don't understand that ones that pan this movie--it almost seems like some of those who have reviewed it badly must not have been watching the movie or paying any attention to it at all (if that's the case, then why review it?).    Anyway, give this movie a try if you're looking for something helps you recall your own childhood imagination.    Edited later to add: I just watched the film again and was reminded that there is a bit of graphic violence and a curse word or two.  I suppose this is why it got the R rating.
031606792X|3.0|I am very disappointed in the final book in this series.  Everything worked out a bit too neatly.  The thrill of Bella having to choose between Edward and Jacob disappeared and now Jacob is happy to be with her daughter?  And they all live happily ever after :(
031606792X|2.0|I was tingling with excitement to read this new book.  I was thrilled that it was big and heavy and full of pages and pages of story. Surprised too, upon opening the book to find Bella's wedding so imminent, but nonetheless eager.    But I was at a loss when I continued.  Yes, I finished the book, but namely because I was curious as to how Meyer would tie up her final novel of the series.  In retrospect I wish I had not.  I feel that many of her characters, Bella especially, slipped farther and farther away from her character with each turning of a page. * SPOILER * Really, Bella is hiding things from Edward, wanting a child, in love with this destructive embryonic thing?  The mind connection between the fetus and Bella seems sick and twisted. I half expected that the reason for Bella's strange and out of character actions and reactions were related entirely to the evil powers of the fetus.  Shockingly, not so.    The book was twisted and unbelievable.  A sure disappointment.  I am a reader who falls in love with characters.  These were not the characters I have come to know.  The shoddy happily-ever-after was sitting on a plot stretched to breaking; the holes and implausibility poking through in every direction.     So, in short, I would not recommend this book.  Although I have been enamored by Meyer's previous works, this felt like an extreme let down.
031606792X|1.0|Don't ask me why it took me so long to clue into the Twilight series. I am a long-time reader of vampire fiction - Rice, Moore, etc. But I just discovered Twilight about a month ago. And I was HOOKED.<br /><br />I finished Twilight in a day. New Moon took a few, along with Eclipse. There were a few inconsistencies, but I was OK with them. I liked the new twist on vampirism. Meyer had a lot of interesting ideas, such as the sparkling skin, the venom, the fact that a coven would live off animal blood (Lestat would never stand for THAT!!)<br /><br />I can even deal with many of the issues surrounding Bella's character that has other readers up in arms. No, I don't think she is particularly smart or strong. However, I can relate to similar feelings that I had when I broke up with my HS boyfriend senior year. Is her reaction emotionally healthy? I don't think so. But given the fact that she is in her teens and that her family life is a shambles, it actually is quite plausible. How? As a therapist trainee, I would propose that a girl with no self-esteem who has to take care of her family would be in an emotional place where she is ready for an emotionally unavailable man. And that's Edward to a T.<br /><br />But I digress. My point, I can deal with the whole dysfunctional relationship thing. However, after Book 1 of Breaking Dawn, I am completely bewildered. HOW is it possible that a male vampire has sperm??? These vamps don't sweat, cry, pee, or make any other bodily fluids. So how can Bella get pregnant??? And I agree with so many other reviews - Jacob imprinting on a half-vamp child is absurd. And as for all the books - if these vamps can't stand to smell human blood without going into hunting mode, how do the five \\"kids\\" handle going to school with tons of teen girls who are menstruating? If their sense of smell is so powerful, it seems strange that this scent does not bother any of the \\"students\\".<br /><br />Another issue that I constantly struggle with is the traditional gender roles that are rampant in these books. To me, BD is the worst. The female characters focus on mothering and clothes. Esme just tries to take care of everyone. Alice is a everyone's personal stylist. Rosalie just wants a baby, and admits to being shallow. Bella's issues have been discussed by scores of other reviewers. The males, aside from Emmett, appear much more introspective and intellectual than the females. Edward speaks a zillion different languages, Carlisle is a doctor, Jasper a master strategist, and Emmett is the brawn behind the brains. Notice any inequalities there? If I were able to join a coven, I think I might need to look for one that has a feminist or two. This one would drive me NUTS.<br /><br />I suppose I could go on and on about these issues. The point is, like so many others here, I am sooo disappointed with how this series has drawn to a close. I was into these books HARD CORE. They have an honored place on my bookshelf next to my Anne Rice hardbacks. But I don't think BD will be joining them. This book broke the spell the Cullens had over me.ant in these books. To me, BD is the worst. The female characters focus on mothering and clothes. Esme just tries to take care of everyone. Alice is a everyone's personal stylist. Rosalie just wants a baby, and admits to being shallow. Bella's issues have been discussed by scores of other reviewers. The males, aside from Emmett, appear much more introspective and intellectual than the females. Edward speaks a zillion different languages, Carlisle is a doctor, Jasper a master strategist, and Emmett is the brawn behind the brains. Notice any inequalities there? If I were able to join a coven, I think I might need to look for one that has a feminist or two. This one would drive me NUTS.      I suppose I could go on and on about these issues. The point is, like so many others here, I am sooo disappointed with how this series has drawn to a close. I was into these books HARD CORE. They have an honored place on my bookshelf next to my Anne Rice hardbacks. But I don't think BD will be joining them. This book broke the spell the Cullens had over me.
0061245097|4.0|I didnt read the first book in this series.  I probably should have, though, but I didnt.  The back cover doesnt do it justice. It gives you a vague sense of whats supposed to happen, but there is alot more to the story than what it actually says.  This girl is the Red Reaper...the one and only bogeyman of the undead.  Its a great story and I recommend it to anyone interested in this type of genre.
0061537934|5.0|A friend of mine gave me this book after I recently lost my faithful four-legged companion of the last ten years.    The book was highly entertaining, extremely well written, and brought me to tears by the end of the book.    If you have ever had a dog, you will be able to relate to every single anecdote and point in the book, over and over.    Great read, and made me very sad thinking of all the memories I shared with my dog in her time here on Earth.
B0019IB26I|4.0|I own \\"Any Give Tuesday\\" and \\"As Is\\" and I think this album has the sweetest live versions of the three live albums.
031606792X|3.0|After being swept in the new phenomenon that is the Twilight series, I found myself eagrly waiting for the final book in this surprise book series and ultimatly, Breaking Dawn falls short in many areas. What started of with three promising first chapters only began to steadly fall downward into a spiral of mediocrity and left with an ending that seems almost hallow and spiritless.<br /><br />Picking up right where Eclipse left off, we find our young heroin Bella nervously waiting for her wedding to the love of her life, animal blood drinking Edward Cullen. When things are said and done, the young couple find themselves hitched and whisked off on their romantic honeymoon. But as the chapters go on, a singular event will change Bella's life forever and the repocussions of which may tear her near perfect life apart.<br /><br />To first put this out, everything is resolved in this book. Well, not almost everything but most of the main points, the whole Edward-Jacob rivalry, whether Bella will become a vampire, and of course, the end of the Volturi conflict. This is where the first problem in the book comes in. Whenever these conflicts come up and all is told and things become clear, its almost lukewarm in reception. Your left thinking, all right, anything else there? And some of the ways Meyer's resolve this is just downright bizzare, the biggest one of course will be addressed later on in this review.<br /><br />My next problem is that the book feels way to long. Now here I'm saying this in an age where is almost common place for a teen/kids book to be text book size but the thing is, most of the stuff in Breaking Dawn feels so uneccesary. The whole Jacob protion of the storie really is just a whole bunch of talk, where barely anything is done and sort of acts like some added on companion book that has almost no place in the story. If I were the editor, I would have just cut a whole portion the the second part, maybe almost all of it and had Meyer's intigrate it into the first and third part.<br /><br />*Spoliers Below*<br /><br />And now comes the big three.<br /><br />1. The whole pregnancy thing. For one, it completly goes against everything Meyer's established. How is it that the men vampires can still human women pregnant? From what she said, once you become a vampire, all things human just cease to exist, your breathing, growing, everything is just stripped away and you are stuck in perpetual limbo, with the added perks of invincibility, devistating good looks, super speed, and the ability to smell really good. And yet somehow, the abiltiy to still produced sperm is left in tack? That is just one big head scratcher. And then of course, there is the whole Jacob imprinting on Bella's baby. First of, creepy, and second, huh?<br /><br />2. Surpise, surpise, Bella becomes a vampire. Everything that we have been waiting for has finally happened. And yet, why do I feel so dissapointed? Here was the chance for Meyer's to give us an inside glimpse into the workings a vampire and yet, it's like only gaving use thirty precent. Really Meyer? that's all you can give us?<br /><br />3. The ending. Lets face it, the ending was such a big let down. A whole lot of talk and not a lot of resolution. It really just left no impact at all, the whole thing ending on just such an empty note it gives you something else to wonder, this is really what she intended to end with?<br /><br />All in all, Breaking Dawn fails to live up to the hype and unlike the spectacular closing of the HP series, this one feels less then desierable and no absolute impact. For me, the first book was by far the best, with New Moon dipping slightly, Eclipse nearly matching Twilight's original impact, and then Breaking Dawn just going under.<br /><br />Fans of the series will devour this final read in a heartbeat, just don't expect yourself to be jumping out of your seat. What Twilight began ends in a muddy, bizzare, and dissapointing finale that really is just the sum of its parts.
0920668372|5.0|Years ago, I bought this little book after reading it in a bookstore and crying because it was so bittersweet for me.  As the aging mother of an only son, it struck a chord in my heart.  I lost the book even before I got home so never got to give it to him.  At a funeral recently for their father, 2 teenaged girls read this in recognition as the book their dad had read to them frequently as a bedtime story. Wasn't a dry eye left in the church!  Now knowing the title, I ordered 4 copies to give as gifts..the first one going to my son, who will be 51 next week!
0743246616|5.0|1 - the easy Blueberry pie recipe   2 - the easy cupcakes recipes (duh)   3 - the easy instructions/explanations
0312427999|5.0|[[ASIN:0312427999 The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism]]  True, up to date history, brilliantly presented.
0930289234|5.0|During the previews for the \\"The Dark Knight\\" (one of the finest comic book adaptions I've ever seen), I was caught off guard by the teaser trailer for \\"Watchmen\\", the lastest graphic novel adaption being brought to the silver screen. It was one of the most stunning yet bizarre I've ever seen for a film, let alone a comic book movie. Intriguied and hearing the rave reviews by fans of the novel, I decided to buy the graphic novel on amazon and give the book a read. Only a few chapters into a book, and I was already blown away by the thought-provoking writing, stunning artwork, and superb characterization of all the characters. \\"Watchmen\\" is set in an alternate 1985 where superheroes aka masked vigilantes exist, but have been outlawed by \\"the Keene Act\\". Richard Nixon is still President and the U.S. won  Vietnam thanks to a god-like superhero named \\"Dr. Manhattan\\". When one of his fellow adventures is murdered, a masked vigilante named Rorschach investigates and warns other retired crime fighters about a possible conspiracy to kill and discredit all their kind. From there, \\"Watchmen\\" takes you one of the most complex stories you'll ever read as every action or dialogue spoken has a deeper meaning. Each characters is written with class and are each essential to the overall plot.<br /><br />\\"Watchmen\\" works as both an epic tale about humanity and moral ambiuity yet at the same time is some what of a satire on the comic book genre. Dr. Manhattan is a Superman who doesn't care about humanity, Nite Owl II is a Batman who lacks confidence in himself, Silk Spectre II never wanted to a superhero in the first place, the Comedian sees the world as one big joke, Rorshach will do anything for justice, including cold-blooded murder and Ozymandias...well, let's just say his part in the novel is the most intriguing! These characters were all ground-breaking and beyond their time, as well as the subjects the novel tackles that were unheared of in the comic world during the mid-80s. Depression, isolation, murder, infedelity, morality, sacrifice, sexual frustration...not to mention homosexuality, racism, and politics can found within the novel. Legendary British writer, Alan Moore has crated a timeless classic which throws the superhero myth out the window and creates a new mythology all his own. Artist Dave Gibbons, is also a genuis as his art just brings Alan Moor's spectacular world to life.<br /><br />The coming months are going to be filled with unstable paranoia and frequent skeptism from long time fans and critics of the novel who are questioning the quality of the upcoming feature film. After all, This is the best graphic novel ever written and anything less then great will be very disappointing. After reading the novel, I am also very skeptical of how the movie will pan out as the novel has so much to say and I'm not sure if a almost 3 hour film can tackle all the depth of the novel. But I am trying to have faith in director Zack Snyder who is fan of novel and ever interview he has had makes you believe he understands the novel inside and out. But with some questioning casting decisions, some costume inaccuracies and running time issues, it's hard to tell whether the film will do the novel justice. I will going to the theaters with very low expectations as this could be a disaster or a complete success! Either way, \\"Watchmen\\" is one of literature's finest achievements and I don't think they'll be anything like it as there hasn't been anything like it up to this point.
B000UJCALI|1.0|Yes Kubrick was a great director but this was a mess of a miss. Read the book and see why all the real horror did not make it to the screen. The movie had way too much lighting in it to be scary as well. When I saw this in the theatres everyone booed the anti-climactic end. Kubrick never learned how to make a great horror film. Jack Nicholson over-acting all over the place does not make a great film. If there was ever a reason for Hollywood to re-make a horror film ah la The Omen.....well lets go-Im waiting. Just not Tom Cruise. Boooo!!!!!
B00122M2QU|5.0|I was happy to hear the reunion of singer/rhythm guitarist Max and drummer Iggor Cavalera following their dispute during the Sepultura-era. Now, they are back in the form of \\"Cavalera Conspiracy\\" consisting of them, Gojira bassist Joe Duplantier, and Soulfly guitarist Marc Rizzo. That being said, \\"Inflikted\\" does not disappoint, I enjoyed all eleven tracks with the brutal...and then soothing \\"Bloodbrawl\\" being my personal favorite. Seguing into a sorrowful latin-tinged tune, any Soulfly listener would almost definitely compare this to the song \\"Frontlines.\\" \\"Hex\\" is insane, and the MTV2 heavily-played \\"Sanctuary\\" is another classic. CC has not abandoned their groove metal roots from the days of Soulfly and Sepultura with \\"Terrorize\\" and the beginning of \\"Dark Ark\\" (with a spoken word by Ritchie Cavalera) standing out amongst Iggor's fast, rhythmic drums. Oh, and don't forget \\"Bloodbrawl.\\" I expect great things and cannot wait for their second album...whenever that is.
074356619X|5.0|This audio book completes my set of the Secret.  I listen to the cd's while I am at work and they keep me motivated no matter what the day may bring.  I recomend the dvd, book and audio book to anyone who wants to change their lives.
B000NXUESM|5.0|This has been, for many, many years, since my son was a small child, and is now 21, one of most favorite books of all time, so when I found out I was having a grandchild, I knew I had to have this book in my collection, and even though he is not quite 2 yet, and cannot read yet, I am saving this special book for that special day when I know that he will come to love it as much as I do...Thank you.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|The boys have really improved since their first two albums! The songs are more engaging and thought out. I really love the title track A Little Bit Longer. Fans will not be disappointed. I'm already looking forward to the next album lol.
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|When i first starting hearing the then rumours that Madonna was to go in a more mainstream route with her latest offering, HARD CANDY, I was a little disappointed. Her last outing, the sugary , glistening CONFESSIONS ON A DANCE FLOOR had me spoiled. It was THE MADONNA ALBUM that I had waited my entire span as a Madonna fan for (were talking nearly 25 years here). I never listen to mainstream radio, the only way I do top 40 is if it has been remixed for the clubs into a foot stomper of a house mix. So naturally when I heard that she had been able to recruit Timbaland, Timberlake, Pharrell, etc,  I was less than enthusiastic.   Needless to say, 4 months after it's initial release, I am COMPLETELY IMPRESSED. Yes the lead off single \\"4 Minutes\\" was mainstream at its best, it's still catchy. My favorite track is actually the opener, \\"Candy Shop.\\"  The other cuts on this album are alot of fun too. Give It 2 Me, Dance 2 Night, Beat Goes On, She's Not Me, are all glittery, funky disco tracks that remind you of her very first debut cd simply titled \\"Madonna.\\" (You remember.. the one with Holiday, Borderline, Lucky Star?) Others such as Heartbeat and Miles Away (supposedly the third single slated for release) are really good as well. This cd , I can honestly say, has no political agenda - natrually, this will change when she revamps some of the numbers for her upcoming \\"Sticky and Sweet\\" tour. Alot of people will think 4 Minutes, is about literally saving the world, but my interpretation of the song is that you have 4 Minutes to make your mark on the dance floor while \\"your song\\" is on, to prove to everyone else around you what YOU are all about. All in all, not a bad outing for her final cut of original material under the Warner lable that she has been with for the past 25 years.  It gets several spins on my ipod. I even picked up the limited edition boxed set and special triple vinyl edition. The album sounds it's best on vinyl...the warmth of the beats are really capturedthere.  I will say that as far as the cd single/remix packages for this album, they BLOW AWAY the ones for Confessions. The remixes for 4 Minutes were a good start, but it's the remix package for Give It 2 ME that prove that Madonna is still, and will ALWAYS be the queen of the dance floor. For all of you house lovers out there, the first two singles from this album boast remixes from the likes of Bob Sinclar, Tracy Young, Junkie XL, Peter Rauhofer, Rebirth, Fedde Le Grande (a fav of mine), Eddie Amador, Jody den Broeder (a fav of mine), Tong and Spoon and Paul Oakenfold.  They are HOT!  Check em out..
B000X9PNOG|1.0|I've ben a huge fan for years & have seen ML over a dozen times.    All I can say is that he is now past it, his vocals are woeful on this DVD & he ends up ruining some greast songs.    A great backing band try to make up for Meat's shortcomings, but sadly he doesn't have the range any more & his tempo & timing are pityful at times. He chooses to change the vocal melody on so many of the songs & often finds himself rushing the end of each line of lyrics to catch up with the next line! It's infuriating to listen to, especially when he's rarely in tune.      I hate to say this, but he should have overdubbed most of this performance & he should listen back to the performance & realise that volume does not make up for singing flat!    I wish I hadn't bought this, although I give it one star for the great backing band & vocals & a good documentary included on the bonus disc (UK version)
B0017MO10U|3.0|I have to agree with those other reviewers here who thought this movie wasn't quite up to the standards of a feature-length movie.  I expected a bit more.  However, considering that it is the second Stargate 'feature film' this year, maybe I expected too much.  After all, the writers are pitching a fit about having to come up with 20 episodes a year for TV series these days.  The first few seasons of SG-1 contained at least 22 episodes each; and DS9 seasons typically contained 24 episodes or more!  It's a tough life writing Sci-Fi I guess.    I also agree that Continuum is certainly a better movie than The Ark of Truth.  Based upon both of these flicks, it looks like we're being treated to Stargate SG-1 Season 11 in roughly 1 1/2 hour episodes about every four months.  I wonder what the November 2008 episode will entail...
159562015X|4.0|This book is half of a tool that includes an on-line assessment of one's 5 dominant talents.  It is a valuable assessment tool if you are interested in developing strengths related to your career.  The book itself is not as informative as the original StrengthsFinder 1.0, Now, Discover Your Strengths.  I used both, plus Go, Put Your Strengths to Work,the sequel.  Together, I believe you get the complete picture on talents, strengths, weaknesses, and how to leverage your talents to build strengths where there is room for improvement.
B0002O06N0|5.0|If you like music that is heavily blues influenced, you will love this cd.  Great simple music that is much like the white stripes, but so exciting and envigorating because of its heavy blues roots.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|There's not much to say. You can over analyze anything you want but this is the best show to come along in a LONG time.<br /><br />It is without a doubt the best show on TV right now.
630514415X|4.0|In 2001 Denzel Washington finally won his `Leading Actor' Oscar despite the fact that three of the four remaining nominees put in better performances than he did (those three would be, in descending order, Wilkinson, Crowe and Smith).  I'm not saying that Washington's portrayal of Alonzo in `Training Day' was bad or even mediocre.  He was a pistol, really electrifying the screen with his commanding presence, and he scores major points for taking himself away from the `dead eye stare' I see him give all too often (watch `American Gangster') and really igniting his face.  That said, he still was not the best of the year.<br /><br />I bring up this point, not because I want to raise my voice in disapproval, but because I want to draw a major comparison in character between Alonzo and Washington's character Jake Shuttlesworth in `He Got Game'.  Both characters have that swagger, that jive and that fire, yet Jake is a much deeper and more emotionally complicated character than Alonzo, and Washington plays to his strengths in such a fierce way that I am baffled he wasn't even considered in the running for this performance, yet was handed an Oscar for basically doing the same thing three years later to a less impressive extent.  Washington grabs your attention here, not only with his blunt abrasiveness but also with his human and tortured rawness.<br /><br />`He Got Game' may on the outset look like just another teen sports story.  It centers around Jesus (pronounced like the son of God) Shuttlesworth, a brilliant athlete who is being harassed by every state in the area trying to rally him to their basketball team.  Jesus is not your typical teenager though.  He has been raising his young sister since their father killed their mother and was sent to prison.  Their father is Jake.  Now, Jake is presented with a strange and inviting opportunity; namely to convince his son to join Big State University and in return he'll receive a lighter sentence.  The problem is that since Jake has been locked up Jesus has refused to speak to him, and he has no plans of changing his mind on the matter.  Still, Jake decides that it is worth a try.<br /><br />The underlying story within `He Got Game' is about the path leading to redemption and the sacrifices that we make to get there.  As Jake tries to reestablish some grounds with his son we can see that he needs this; more than freedom he needs the forgiveness that only his son can extend.  Spike Lee brilliantly continues his moral lessons by exposing the corruption and greed within the striving for fame, but Lee never strays away from the purity and admirableness of those who have a clear head and a strong will.<br /><br />So, like I mentioned, Washington is Oscar worthy here, but the rest of the cast is more hit or miss for me.  Ray Allen comes off a little stiff in areas but for the most part he delivers a strong performance alongside Washington.  He has some pristine moments where you can see his internal struggle.  Rosario Dawson is breathtaking as Jesus' girlfriend Lala, but even more than breathtaking she is a wonderful actress here.  She really understands her character and exploits her weaknesses effortlessly.  Milla Jovavich is a little miscast here, and she seems to be `acting' too much, which sadly comes off amateurish in many scenes.  Zelda Harris is also a weaker link, but she was young and so I won't lay into her too hard.  She wasn't a central character and so her few flaws are not detrimental to the film.<br /><br />`He Got Game' is not a masterpiece, I won't go that far, but it is an extremely well crafted vehicle for Lee and Washington to shine as brightly as they are able.  Lee has done better work (`25th Hour' for one) and Washington has done better work (`Malcolm X') but to say that these two men are at the top of their game here would be an understatement.locked up Jesus has refused to speak to him, and he has no plans of changing his mind on the matter.  Still, Jake decides that it is worth a try.    The underlying story within `He Got Game' is about the path leading to redemption and the sacrifices that we make to get there.  As Jake tries to reestablish some grounds with his son we can see that he needs this; more than freedom he needs the forgiveness that only his son can extend.  Spike Lee brilliantly continues his moral lessons by exposing the corruption and greed within the striving for fame, but Lee never strays away from the purity and admirableness of those who have a clear head and a strong will.    So, like I mentioned, Washington is Oscar worthy here, but the rest of the cast is more hit or miss for me.  Ray Allen comes off a little stiff in areas but for the most part he delivers a strong performance alongside Washington.  He has some pristine moments where you can see his internal struggle.  Rosario Dawson is breathtaking as Jesus' girlfriend Lala, but even more than breathtaking she is a wonderful actress here.  She really understands her character and exploits her weaknesses effortlessly.  Milla Jovavich is a little miscast here, and she seems to be `acting' too much, which sadly comes off amateurish in many scenes.  Zelda Harris is also a weaker link, but she was young and so I won't lay into her too hard.  She wasn't a central character and so her few flaws are not detrimental to the film.    `He Got Game' is not a masterpiece, I won't go that far, but it is an extremely well crafted vehicle for Lee and Washington to shine as brightly as they are able.  Lee has done better work (`25th Hour' for one) and Washington has done better work (`Malcolm X') but to say that these two men are at the top of their game here would be an understatement.
B0017MO10U|5.0|What a great addition to the SG-1 series.  This is one of the best stories of the series.  I've watched it twice and am eager for a third time.    It's great to see Jack back, of course.  The story line kept me guessing, and the action scenes were very good and not overdone.  The CG is absolutely amazing and fits in without looking gimicky.    This movie really brought me back to the feel of the first few series, yet we have characters that span all 10 series.  I think everyone from the writers, actors, and production crew were spot on with this movie.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|The first Mad Men episode I watched on AMC was the first episode in season two. I enjoyed it so much I ordered the first season on DVD so I could get the history before the next episode aired. Season one was so good I finished it in two days!
B001DSNEJM|5.0|Please note that the actor you are listing as Pierbo should be PERABO, as in Piper Perabo not Pierbo.  The rating is only based on the fact that Piper Perabo is in this film. I have not yet seen the movie as it hasn't been released yet.
0375424474|5.0|Wow! What a smashing blow to the creationist?! Well, I am a creationist but this book gave me many things to consider.<br /><br />So, the the Tiktaalik is a transitional form. I would like to hear a creationist answer to this!<br />Also, The same basic gene can be moved from one creature to another to produce the \\"hand\\" - or, the fin in the case of a shark.<br />This book helps to \\"connect the dots\\" of how similar all living beings are. It lays it out in such a way that I must say seems like a masterful tapestry of life we have here on earth!<br />You cannot help but be awestruck by the facts as presented here. Very fine piece of work and helped me to put many of the pieces together.<br /><br />Of course, I'm waiting for a creationist answer for some of these items. Well, I'm an old earth creationist and can see no problem with the eons of time.<br /><br />Whatever your persuasion, this book is a real page-turner! NO kidding!
B000H7JD4A|5.0|IRON MAIDEN STOPPED USING THEIR SIGNATURE 80's STYLE A LOOOOOOOONG TIME AGO!!!!!!<br /><br />I expect you people to have figured it out with the release of their past 2 albums, [[ASIN:B0000BYM3K Dance of Death]] and [[ASIN:B00004TH7Z Brave New World]], but no, you guys are dumb and uninformed as always. Maiden aren't gonna release another Powerslave, so get over yourselves people. This is one of Maiden's best.<br /><br />With 10 solid tracks, you can never go wrong. Starting off the album is \\"Different World\\" a catchy song, reminiscent of Wildest Dreams and ending is the song that Maiden's all about, The Legacy. There are lots of songs on here I could tell will be considered classics once in a while, especially The Longest Day.<br /><br />My favorite track is definitely Brighter Than A Thousand Suns, an 8-minute epic about The Manhattan Project. Also soaring in are the beautiful ballad Out of the Shadows, the beautiful song The Reincarnation of Benjamin Breeg, and Lord of Light.<br /><br />So if you can get past the fact that Maiden will never release an album like [[ASIN:B000063DFN Powerslave]] or [[ASIN:B000063DHL Somewhere in Time]] again, You're bound to enjoy this one. I've loved this album from Day 1 that I heard it.
B000CCBCAS|3.0|This film passes one's time reasonably pleasantly.  However, if one is looking for laughter, one should look elsewhere.  The story line and development are thin; indeed, we basically do just attend four weddings and a funeral, watching the lead actor struggle with his desire to avoid commitment.
B0016AJU2C|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect because I hadn't heard anything about this album, but I loved it!!
B0002J4X1Q|4.0|This movie is based on a horror/survival videogame by Capcom. Now I got that out of the way, Resident Evil is a pretty good zombie movie, successfully adapted from the game by Paul W.S. Anderson. This film is everything House of the Dead wanted to be but couldn't. The zombies move at a decent pace as does the movie and there are plenty of \\"BOO!\\" moments, but nothing too scary. Gorehounds will be happy and Zombaholics will have fun playing guess the reference, such as the elevator scene which recalls the original Dawn of the Dead. The acting is good as far as zombie movies go and the cinematography is great. A must have for any zombie fan.
B000IFQLSW|5.0|We really like this cd/dvd set and play it all the time. Kenny Wayne Shepard done a real good job at getting the older blues players on his CD/DVD. We recommend this to everyone that loves the blues. Our experience with Amazon.com was great, we got our order quickly and in great shape TY.
0789318121|4.0|I can't say enough good things about this book! Word for word performed by the actors in script form, storyboard graphics, and dozens of production photos from development to screen all on a glossy page stock! My only criticism is, that there are not enough behind the scenes info or photos of   two main characters getting into make-up or at least showing the process to  convey maybe the depth and complexity of these characters when performing  on screen!!!!!  In any event, this book is still a must have for any \\"DARK KNIGHT\\" fan.
031606792X|2.0|I've been reading the Twilight series for awhile now and I loved Twilight, and New Moon to a lesser extent, but the lack of character development throughout the series has seriously annoyed me. I thought the creation stories about Rosalie, Jasper and the pack were interesting in Eclipse, but Bella just irritated me all the time. I thought I was supposed to identify with her, as the heroine of the series, but I don't at all. She's whiny, dependent and selfish. I find Jacob and Edward to be less annoying than Bella, but their complete obsession with her is throws me a bit.    Breaking Dawn was entertaining and kept me reading, but some of the things SM did to her characters, I just can't understand. I mean Renesme Carlie, seriously. Who on earth thinks that its a nice name? And the anticlimactic battle scene at the end. I'm interested in the Volturi and the other vampires that exist, but we barely get to see them and learn about them. I would have loved to hear more about the Romanians, or Dracula 1 and Dracula 2 as Jacob put it.  And I thought Leah's story would have been way more interesting than Breaking Dawn. She developed more as a character in one book than Bella has in four. Also, I know some people have been complaining about Bella's power, but I guess she does worry an awful lot about everyone. I just wish SM had explained what happened to Bella's extreme aversion to blood (Twilight biology anyone?)    Overall it was an entertaining read, but I won't be reading it again. It'll just be on my bookcase to complete the series.
031606792X|1.0|I loved the Twilight series from the very start and i was very disappointed with the final book. I wasnt necessarily disappointed in the events (even though they were stupid and pointless), but i was extremley sad because ALL of the characters seemed out of character. Edward had a very small supporting role. I felt that some of Bellas love for him died. Very sad. But on the bright side....This book was my cure! I am no longer obsessed over this series. lol
1416550518|4.0|I decided to try this author's book based upon the other reader's reviews in addition to the preview provided.     I found the story entertaining and the atmosphere nicely drawn but somewhat lacking in depth. The main character is a woman who was in service with a wealthy family during the years before and after the war. I found some of the descriptions of the way of life intriguing and beautifully drawn but at times it seemed to be lacking a certain depth.     The main thrust of the story is her relationship with the eldest daughter of the family. She becomes her ladies maid when she marries and moves to London. Here the story seems to falter a bit and I believe it is due to the societal changes.     The author did a great job with this first book and I look forward to future works. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking to be entertained and willing to overlook some flaws. A nice book to read with a cup of tea to while away an afternoon.
B0015AARJI|1.0|By far the worst Rumble i have ever felt in a controller. my xbox controller, if put on a flat surface will jolt around everywhere and move around suggesting great rumble. I love my PS3 but this is the worst accessory the rumble is so weak!!!! This sits still on a flat surface compared to the wonderful rumble of the glory that is Xbox 360
0894803123|5.0|Super simple to read, great sounding recipies. This is a fun book to read and use.    PS if you are going to buy a ice cream maker soon DON'T buy one where you add the salt and ice, those things are SO loud and freeze up. Buy a nice on that the mixer goes in the freezer - it will make ice cream making so much easier.
031606792X|5.0|Seriously, for those of you complaining that it wasn't realistic, the whole series isn't realistic. Yeah, the book had some dark parts like the scenes with her drinking blood and delivering but those are small parts of the book. Why would you let it ruin the entire book? Enjoy it! Stephenie Meyer did a great job tying everything up and ending the series. I think this book was amazing. It was more intense than the others and I agree that I wouldn't let my teenager read it but I probably wouldn't let me teenager read this entire series because of the passionate feelings Bella has for Edward.I enjoyed watching Jacob change and I think she did an amazing job writing from his point of view. It makes me even more excites to read \\"Midnight Sun\\" with Edward's point of view. I still recommend these books to my friends and you can be sure I will be there opening night to see the movie!! Just enjoy the book and stop being so critical! It's a great book! Good job Stephenie!
B000EGF0B4|5.0|and you will be deeply touched. I just rented this movie and am so glad I finally did. It is one of the most toching, raw and honest love stories I have ever seen...and it will stay with you long after the movie is over. This has easily become one of my new favorite movies. The acting is done so well...that you feel like you are there with them...going through all they are experiencing. Love doesn't know gender, age or race. I would say to watch this film more than once, because there can be so much you didn't catch the first time you see it. It took my breath away. This is love in it's purest form...consumming, inconvenient, crazy...can't live without each other love.
031606792X|3.0|**Warning: spoilers present**    Granted, after Twilight, I was hooked.  I didn't want to be - after all, it was so hyped up that I was leery touching a series that had the weight of so many gushing reviews.  While Stephanie Meyers' writing style is fairly clean and direct, I had to take a deep breath and push through the angst.  But at the end of Twilight (barring that horrible whole \\"I don't want to go to Prom!\\" scene), I loved the idea of vampires and werewolves in my backyard (I live near the Olympic Peninsula).    New Moon brought in the werewolves and I fell in love with Jacob - and was actually secretly rooting for him to win.  After all, he and Bella had more in common than just good smelling blood and the ability to dazzle someone into submission.  Some might argue that Bella's descent into dark depression after Edward left was childish - perhaps it was, but I could identify because I had something similar happen to me at that age.    Eclipse started grating on my nerves.  Frankly, I was past the point of caring that Bella didn't think she was good enough - or that she was conflicted over Jacob.  Also the \\"let's all kill Bella\\" schtick was getting old too.  And, once again, I was rooting for Jacob, even as he used underhanded tactics to get what he wanted.    Breaking Dawn?  It had its good moments.  But the rest was too forced.  How convenient that Bella seems to be the new Madonna, having the wise men/witnesses come and view the miracle child.  How convenient Bella is stronger and more perfect a vampire and can shield everyone (can anyone say Mary Sue?).  How convenient that Jacob imprints on Renesmee (whom I now think should be called Rez and is probably going to grow up with feelings of inadequacy (courtesy of her mother) that she's neither human nor vampire and can exist in neither world - that would be an interesting story).  How convenient that Alice finds another human-vampire hybrid at the *last possible second!*    Everybody cheer for plot devices.    I've heard some reviewers condemn the books for giving teenage girls a bad message in independence and choice.  I mostly agree.  I hate the shallowness of \\"I'm not going to college, I'm going to become a vampire!\\"  I hated that Edward and Bella didn't seem to have anything important in common besides an undefinable passion.  In the grand scheme of facing eternity with an unbearable thirst and being attached to one person, maybe there should be something to fill the dull moments?    Breaking Dawn is the fairy tale ending of a fairy tale story.  There's not much beyond that.  You could say there are morals in a mother's sacrifice for a child - but that's not a great message considering that we all don't have convenient vampires nearby to resurrect us.  You could say that love conquers all - but we don't have imprinting or \\"dazzling\\" and it certainly doesn't address the boredom that strikes after.  Even the most minor of characters aren't left with anything to worry about.  Instead, one can almost hear the refrain of \\"We Shall Overcome\\" as they discuss their eventual need to overthrow the Volturi.  Charming.    I'll keep my book - mainly because I have this compulsiveness to never leave a series unfinished unless it's truly horrible.  And while this is clumsily written, it's not horrible.  And as long as you don't take this as a guide to real life and can just accept parts of it as a nice escape from life once in a while and maybe throw the book out the window to remind it not to be too full of itself, it's all right.
0385340567|1.0|Well, that was an experience.  I have been a dedicated Reacher fan for the past several years, quickly picking up the next book in the series when it was available.  The main character has always struck me as the \\"Man with no name\\" in literary form.  Able to dish out trouble and endure it in equal measure, he never complains about the hardships he faces.  He has stood for justice delivered in whatever way he can.    Therefore I was quite shocked to learn that the character I have enjoyed apparently believes that soldiers deserting their units going into combat is a good thing as long as its an \\"unjust war.\\"  Apparently those of us who voted for the current president are to blame for the injuries our brave soldiers have suffered, not the fanatics who set off explosives and hide behind women and children.  Main battle tanks are being destroyed en masse in Iraq without our knowledge (yes, like the current media climate would allow that to happen).  Depleted uranium is very toxic and could provide fuel for a \\"dirty bomb\\" (2 seconds of actual research would show this claim as untrue). I also was shocked to learn that once again, fundamentalist Christians are the root of all evil.  Iranians building their own atomic bomb need not apply.         I don't understand the political bent that runs all through the last half of the book, especially with the character that we have all come to know.  This does not seem like it would suit Reacher well, a supposedly dedicated soldier who loved the Army and his compatriots.  Therefore, it must be the author's way of showing his contempt for the American people and their guardians.       Oh well, as the Dixie Chicks learned to their sorrow, it never pays to insult your audience. I think I have purchased my last Reacher book, and I will remember him as he was before this current incarnation.
031606792X|5.0|What is wrong with happy endings wrapped up in pretty bows? This is a fairytale story with twists and turns and I loved every page. Everyone needs to understand it's fiction for entertainment and don't use the word \\"unbelievable\\" because it makes no sense in this context.
B00005JPO1|3.0|OK, I admit \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is a pretty entertaining film. Harrison Ford is impressive as likeable hero Indy Jones and the film certainly offers a fair amount of action and lots of stunts in the course of the hero's adventures to seek treasures and fight Russian baddies led by Cate Blanchett's \\"Col. Irina Spalko.\\"    But quite honestly I cannot believe that George Lucas and Steven Spielberg have really chosen this awfully contrived script for the new Indy film. We have waited so long for the \\"comeback\\" of Dr. Jones, especially after reading so many publicized reports of failed attempts to find the right screenplay, but surely we didn't expect to see this one given the green light.     From the opening sequence where we are told something about a government's secret and Roswell, this fourth Indy film will not be the same as good, old 80s-style action adventure the franchise was once. Spielberg tries to keep the spirit of old-fashioned action adventure, and Karen Allen reprises the role of Marion of \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark,\\" but the overuse of special effects, unbelievable actions (apparently Indy can survive anything, even a nuclear blast) and the lack of coherent storyline (who is Ray Winstone\\"s character anyway?) are too much to be ignored.     But what is most disappointing to me is that there is nothing new in \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.\\" There is no formidable villain or villainess; no thrills of watching a falling bridge; no charisma of Sean Connery. After the third Indy film made back in 1989, we have seen such films as \\"The Mummy,\\" \\"The National Treasure,\\" \\"Sahara\\" and so on. The new Indiana Jones film needs something that these films don't have, but except the heroic figure of Indiana Jones I couldn't find one in \\"Crystal Skull.\\"
B0013J30W2|5.0|The movie reminds me of the computer game series Thief. Full of intrique and action and violence. But that is what being part of the dark side entails. I think this movie also reminds me of the action movies of the 1980s - Robocop, Predator, those classic full time action thrills - but with an espionage theme.
1592402038|3.0|A cute little book with some fun prose, and a lot of confusion and differences of opinion about punctuation.  It's the British way or the Truss way, but often doesn't help us across \\"the pond.\\"  She did get me thinking about sentence and paragraph structure, and probably more confused. The book did help me with apostrophes and the dashes, and it also reassured me to know that my high school English teacher was not always right. It's good to know that there are many different ways of punctuating, as long as the message gets across clearly. So there, Ms Langley!  Would I buy the book again?  Yep!  (did I use that exclamation point properly?)
B0013FYTA8|5.0|Very good condition when i ordered it even though it is a used CD. Have had no problems and recommend ordering from Amazon
031606792X|5.0|This book was amazing.  And any good, entertaining author finds a way to wrap everything up nice and neat.  To fit all the puzzle pieces together.  My only complaint for this book would be the lack of violence in the end.  I felt as an adult this book was the most relatable of all 4 and it is by far my favorite.
0375423877|5.0|When Precious Ramotswe's father, Obed, dies and leaves her all the cattle with the advice to sell it and buy herself a good business, she decides to become a private detective, the first lady detective in Botswana, and perhaps in the whole of Africa.<br /><br />Mma Ramotswe, smart, fat and good-natured, equipped with a detective handbook, great memory, and unfailing sense of right and wrong, sets out to help her neighbors and solve the crimes and mysteries happening around. These are not very serious crimes - an impostor, a naughty daughter, a cheating husband, a dishonest employee - but Mma Ramotswe takes her clients seriously, like her role model, Agatha Christie's Miss Marple, and solves the problems using all her abilities, her wisdom, intuition, cleverness, wit and tact.<br /><br />Mma Ramotswe enjoys her freedom, her house in Zebra Drive in Gaborone and her detective agency in her native country she loves. She is, by all standards, a successful, happy woman. Thanks to his father's cattle she can live in a town, do whatever she wants, drink her favorite redbush tea and have no problems, but she is compassionate and friendly, and really cares for other people. Her detective agency functions also as a psychoanalytical service, although her clients are grossly unaware of this fact. She also loves her country, Botswana, where Kalahari desert dictates the conditions of life, where people live simply, in harmony with nature, believing in the strength of their society and their banks full of diamonds, and wish only to be left in peace. Only her memories, intertwining with the stories of solved crimes, show the dark side of her and her father's life in Botswana, hard work in the mines, dishonest, hurtful people and misery, which she narrowly escaped and which is the fate of many other ordinary people in her country.<br /><br />Alexander McCall , who lived in Africa for a long time, has managed to pour his love for this sun- dried, rough continent into the pages of his novel, creating one of the most life-affirming and optimistic books I have recently read. \\"Ladies No. 1 Detective Agency\\" is written with a lot of humor and easy to read. It is also warm and cheerful, like its main protagonist, the charming Mma Ramotswe.  It is a simple book, not aspiring to formal sophistry, but it is good because of the feelings it evokes in the reader - it is not cerebral, but heartfelt. I am very happy this unusual detective story is the first of a long series, because it is a promise of many delights to come.the most life-affirming and optimistic books I have recently read. \\"Ladies No. 1 Detective Agency\\" is written with a lot of humor and easy to read. It is also warm and cheerful, like its main protagonist, the charming Mma Ramotswe.  It is a simple book, not aspiring to formal sophistry, but it is good because of the feelings it evokes in the reader - it is not cerebral, but heartfelt. I am very happy this unusual detective story is the first of a long series, because it is a promise of many delights to come.
B0007WPJBQ|4.0|The above title refers not only to the film, but to the transfer as well(digiview)The platinum corp print is slight ahead in detail but both are better than anything I knew even existed.If such a master source does exist, where is criterion to perfect the production?
B000026OHN|5.0|This interpretation of WTC should forever reinforce the notion of Bach's piano music as the most sublime integration of musical intellectual vigour and sheer poetry. It took player of Richter's genius to achieve such task. A desert island piano playing.
031606792X|1.0|First of all, let me state that I am a guy.  Thus, I have no attachment to any of the characters in the way that fangirls (or just teenage girls in general) do.  I have read all of the books, and actually enjoyed the first three (despite being silly, romantic nonsense).  I can say that I approach these books objectively because I have no hard-on for Edward or Bella or anyone else.  Now the review...    There are two ways to review this book:  1) in the context of the Twilight saga, and 2) as a standalone book, not knowing anything at all about the Twilight universe as established in the previous three books.  I'll first review it in the context of the Twilight universe.    Basically, Stephenie Meyer creates an entirely new universe with this book.  If you want spoilers, read another review.  But I can say that SM contradicts herself regarding vampire physiology/biology, contradicts HUMAN biology, alters multiple characters' personalities significantly, and resorts to sundry deus ex machinas and Mary Sues to allow her \\"story\\" to progress.  She even changes the genre that the Twilight series belongs to, hoping that horror and shock would persuade the reader to continue with the story, intrigued by all of the macabre elements.  Basically, Meyer writes a horror story to conclude her romantic saga, changing the ground rules for her world (that she created) along the way.  For that reason, I rate this book 1/5 stars, because it is a complete bastardization when read in the context of the rest of the saga.    Now as a standalone book, I can give it a 3.  It still suffers from making up new human biology, deus ex machinas, Mary Sues, and totally pointless side-stories that go nowhere (sorry, Leah and Jenks, you get about 3-4 chapters each, and then we can forget about you entirely).  All of this gets concluded with a totally anti-climactic ending that had about 200+ pages of build-up (think Monty Python and the Holy Grail's ending, only Breaking Dawn's isn't intended to befunny or a parody).  But despite all of these obstacles, I still enjoyed reading the book, so I could see myself giving it 3/5 stars (at most).  But if you know anything at all about the Twilight universe created in the previous three books, I suggest that you stay away from this stinker, and let Eclipse be the finale to the *trilogy*, because once you start analyzing the book in context, it just gets crappier and crappier.    The reason I gave the book one star, by the way, and not two (the average of my two scores), is because 1) I think that it's more important to grade it in the context of the other books, and 2) I want to try and undo some of the damage done by fangirls who hadn't even read the book before giving it five stars.  I don't want people to waste their money being disappointed by such an over-hyped and highly-anticipated book.  It's just not nice.
B0018CWESK|4.0|I liked it.  Good story, reminded me of the earlier days of horror/action movies before everything became demonic and gore.    Simply...Good!
B0013FFMOK|1.0|Cant Hollywood come up with anything original anymore?  Just another remake.  The version with Charleston Heston called Omega Man was a whole lot better and original. Probably the worst Will Smith sci fi movie to date.
0553381407|5.0|Toxic Parents is wonderful and extremely useful. I thoroughly enjoyed reading the second half of the book in particular. Susan Forward has written and explained various techniques to help you re-gain control of your life. There are that many techniques and activities that I doubt you wouldn't be able to find one that works for you.     I found the book 'Controlling Parents' by Dan Neuharth to be better at explaining the different types of control and more about the insides to the problem, whereas this book I found to not be as in depth in that area. I just found that this book helped tremendously in regards to its therapy techniques.     Overall, both books work extremely well hand in hand. I recommend them both, regardless of whether you are in therapy yourself or not. There is a lot you will learn and come to understand and ways in which you can help yourself regain control of your life and independence.
031606792X|5.0|*Spoiler Warning*    My review of the book is that it was the perfect ending.  Bella and Edward are married and will be together forever, Bella \\"grows\\" into the person she's always been (behind the awkward, clumsy, desparately shy human), and Bella and Edward get to experience the joy of all joys-having a child together.  For me, those are the most important things about life and who we are and who we can become.  Yes, there are some grammar and spelling mistakes, which really shouldn't make it into a final draft, but it happens and that is just part of life.  Read over them and don't stress.  It's a fairy tale-a story.  It's not real.  Just because we can't fathom how something happens, doesn't mean it can't happen in a story.  That's what makes stories so magical-anything can happen and Stephanie Meyer gives us the hopefullness and the happiness that comes from a true love story.    I want to quote what someone else wrote, \\"Relax and enjoy the fairy tale.\\"  I've read many, many books and have been dissappointed by certain things (grammar, spelling, story, plot, etc.) and that's just part of life/books/reading.  Get over the dissappointment.  The story is over, and I think that is why there have been such negative comments.  It is sad to let a story/character go.  Just because someone writes a story differently from what was expected doesn't mean the experience should be thrown away.  Give Stephenie Meyer the credit she deserves.  She has touched so many people and given them hope, happiness, and a love of reading.
031606792X|4.0|Just finished this book, and I have to say it was an entertaining read! So, the \\"message\\" was a little 1900 in essence, at least Bella wasn't annoying, and she actually had some balls (for once, hallelujia!).       Sure, the ending was a bit contrived, but who cares? I had my nose shoved in this constantly for two days (minus daily responsibilities like work & kids, of course). I liked it!     Let's all remember this is a VAMPIRE book, not an instruction manual for young, impressionable girls. Taken in that context, a superb read.
031606792X|3.0|So after reading all these reviews I was torn.  Did I even want to read Breaking Dawn?  But I told myself, you have to finish the series.  And so I got my copy and set down with it this past weekend.  I expected the worst.  What I got was ok.  Not great, but not nearly as bad as some of these reviews lead me to believe.    SPOILER ALERT**  - I've always had a thing for Native American lore, and I always love the underdog.  I guess that's why if I had to categorize myself, I would definitely be on TEAM JACOB.  After New Moon and Eclipse, I found myself writing Jacob's story in my head.  I knew Bella and Edward were meant to be together, but I wanted Jacob to find his soul mate and be happy too.  I could even see it.  The Twilight series would end with some closure for Jacob, but a wounded heart.  This would be a convenient lead in to Stephanie's next series, with Jacob as the leading man.  I know that with Nessie, we can still get this series, but Bella and Edward having a child that Jacob ended up with is not what I had in mind.  I saw Bella having maybe a strong minded, stubborn cousin out in Phoenix who came to live with Charlie, that ended up being Jacob's intended.  So the whole baby thing bummed me out.      I also hated the editing and found myself counting the number of gramatical mistakes and typos throught the book.      Finally, I have a brother-in-law that is a cop, and if there is one thing I know, it's that cops, don't just want to \\"know on a need to know basis\\".  They wanted to know \\"the truth and nothing but the WHOLE truth\\", so there is no way in heck that Charlie would be satisfied with knowing only what he \\"needed to know\\".      So I'm happy, that Bella and Edward are happy, but I'm upset about Jacob and Charlie.      I guess 50/50 ain't bad, but it definitely could have been better.
0765317389|5.0|I was a little leery on reading this book; I finally broke down and bought it.  It is a great story, and I love it.  Enders Game is defiantly a book I will bring with me into a classroom setting.  I am excited to use it, and hopefully others will benefit from it the way I have.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Bought the CD for my husband who loves it, and he has a lot of Bruce.  I have downloaded it to my Ipod and have started to listen to it.  Some really fine songs on it, but I have not played enough to give a more detailed review.  If hubby is happy, it was well worth the purchase!
031606792X|5.0|A little different than the 1st 3 books. But I ended up LOVING this book!
B000HBKCDC|5.0|Lovely CD and voice. Husband loves Sarah, we saw her at the Beacon years ago. He also loves the holidays, this was the perfect gift for the holiday season.
B0016B6ZKG|3.0|The moment I heard Donna Summer was coming out with a cd, this was my fear - that the music would turn out to be stellar, and yet she would be no where on the almighty Billboard charting. And thats exactly what happened. Thank good God I dont rely on radio for my music.
0321356683|5.0|This is considered one of the best java books ever, since the first edition. Now it is revised and updated to the new Java 5 and 6 features. Worth every penny that you pay for it!
B0000CEB4V|5.0|There are no words in the english language to describe this DVD...All Things Must Pass, Isn't it a Pity, Photogragh, My Sweet Lord, While my Guitar Gently Weeps, See You in My Dreams...and finaly The Inner Light with Jeff Lynne and Anoushka Shankar...I can't forget the venerable percussioninst Ray Cooper as well.    Many musicians try and organize the songs on their albums to try and tell a story, well this album effortlessly puts together George's Life and Soul...If you don't buy the DVD, at least buy the CD...But the DVD is astounding.  Photography, lighting, scenery.. it is all here...Just seeing the greatest of the greats on stage...All of the background performers that hold up the stars are here, as well as the greatest of the greats, together to honor the mystical music of George Harrison. While I never quite got the whole idea of Billy Preston being the '5th Beatle'...now it is clear and concise...just watch and learn, watch and learn...    There are simpy not the right words...    I Started watching and listening to this before my daughter was born, now she is two,and absolutely must listen to this every car ride.  She yells out 'george, george'  What could be a better review than a two year old begging for more George Harrison. It is timeless and you never get tired of it.  Every time I watch it, I discover something new about the DVD.     It is truly awesome to see and hear...
B000PC6A3E|5.0|This Film is not only one of the best examples of a comic book character coming to the big screen, but it also is an amazing example of what blu ray can do.  I personally have a playstation 3 as my blu-ray player and it plays through a 52\\" 1080i Plasma TV, and while I do not have surround sound, this film has been the highest quality of the 30 some blu-ray discs I have seen.  The lack of grains in the pictures and the steady camera is just amazing.  I am not huge on special features, so I don't know how great they are, but I will say if you are looking for an amazing film to show off to your friends then look no further.  A great film with great acting and the most beautiful transfer I have ever seen from the big screen.
0756404746|5.0|I'd like to start by saying that by no means is the The Name of the Wind perfect.  In fact, nothing's perfect (and paradoxically, some people claim that's what makes everything so beautiful... which makes no sense...).  Like any bundle of pages that we call books, The Name of the Wind has both its pros and cons.  However, I think too many reviewers here are quick to dismiss one or the other, or refuse to weigh them properly as a whole.  I'm trying to do something like the latter here.    Some common problems people have with novel arise from the fact most of it takes place in the memories of the protagonist, Kvothe.  While some find his narrative slow moving and obnoxious, others may find it charming.  I rather like it.  What gets a lot of people is that in the present, the world appears full of strife and conflict, and Kvothe seems pivotal to it all.  While there's a decent amount of action in Kvothe's recollection, some might be irked by the looming action of the present that is NOT addressed (yet) in the story.  If you only read for battle scene after battle scene, then this will not be the book for you.    On the other hand (segueing into the pros), there are many more things to like about this novel.  Most of the characters are well thought out, and act much like real people would.  Though Kvothe's large repertoire of knowledge may seem ridiculous to some, considering the context, I found it interesting and believable.  It's also the wide variety of characters, and their interactions, that make up the largest part of this book.  Especially the relationship between Denna and Kvothe is given particular attention.  While it's true a lot of this book focuses on these two, some might find it obnoxious.  People seem to think the relationship the two develop is unbelievable, but I think many more can relate to being stuck in limbo between being a friend and something more.      Aside from the characters, the world is also well thought out.  A surprising amount of depth is found in the magic systems, the monetary systems, and the various cultures of the world.  The plot here may seem sketchy, but it's important to realize that it's the story of a man.  Does any one person's life play out like a movie?  Realistically, no.  And neither does this book.  However, Rothfuss kind of gives a behind-the-legend twist to Kovthe, and it's interesting to see how he starts to develop into this bigger than life figure.    Finally, the skill Rothfuss invests into the actual writing of this story is impressive.  His descriptions are never too long as to bore you, and his metaphors are beautiful and understandable.  Everything here flows quite well, and whisks you away into world of Kvothe.    Overall, there are some flaws to The Name of the Wind, and they affect you in different ways depending on your preferences.  However, the positives really overwhelm the cons in this novel, and to all but the least open-minded readers, it can at the very least be enjoyable.
0930289234|2.0|I picked this up since there has always been a lot of hype about it in the gaming, comics and online world. It barely held my interest. It is a dark and gloomy story that is more melodrama than anything.
B0016NF06O|5.0|What do you get when you get Willie and Wynton together? Nothing less than perfection. I was prompted to purchase this CD after listening to an interview Willie and Wynton had on an NPR program. After hearing the chemistry they had out of the studio, I couldn't wait to see what the two could mix in the studio.   I went directly to Amazon and purchased the CD,(paid for express shipping, no less!) It was worth every penny. If you get a chance to enjoy their interview on NPR, you should do so. It was during the month of July and can be found in the archived programs using their quick search.
B000HKWCOA|5.0|no robots learning to sneeze, whistle or growing beards, telling stand-up jokes and tap dancing. no goofy kids saving the day- enterprise was gritty and more real. this was not just \\"star trek\\" -this was great epic stories with visuals that looked like feature films. enterprise from the start of the series was bad to the bone and when it really hit it's stride it blew away all other treks(except deep space nine-which is my other fav.) enterprise was warm and exciting and intense-once you start watching the show you will want to watch more. this show rarely did not hit it's mark- i would give this show 6 stars if i could. i would give sesaon 3 10 stars. enterprise will make your jaw drop, make you yell with anger and excitement. you will feel the pain and joy of the characters. enterprise will make you high five your kids and wife and do tiger woods fist pumps when the good guys get even and give the evil doers what for.
0452289963|3.0|I bought this book simply because Oprah made a big deal about it and featured \\"classes\\" for it on her website.  I don't know. . . . I guess I should go back to the website and take the classes because I didn't gain that much insight from the book.  Maybe I need to read it again.  I dunno.
B001AJVR5M|4.0|I'm not a huge Jonas Brothers fan nor am I probably in their target audience but after having the opportunity to listen to this cd, I have to say that it's not all that bad. What I like about \\"A Little Bit Longer\\" is that it has something for all music listeners; so parents, don't worry, you won't be cringing at having your children blare this in the car as you may during a listening of a Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana cd. There are some rather teeny-bopper, cheesy songs such as \\"Video Girl\\" on here but, to my surprise, there are some other songs that show the  Jonas Brothers' maturity and understanding that they're listeners aren't going to be young teenage girls forever.<br /><br />The Good: I actually found their slower songs where they're reaching for some emotional connection with the listener to be far better than some of the fast paced songs. \\"Sorry\\" for me was the best track on the cd with good lyrics, a different kind of beat and melody that showcases their voices well, and was simply lyrically the most mature song on the release. A close contender is the last track, \\"A Little Bit Longer\\", that feels moving and stirring and definitely far from their Disney Channel-audience orientated image. As for the faster paced 'pop-rock' songs, \\"Burnin' Up\\" was the best and had a total 80s Duran Duran-meets-Backstreet Boys feel to it. Totally enjoyable. The other songs aren't necessarily bad. After a few listens, these songs stood out to me and left a lasting impression where as the others sort of are too similar to really stand out.<br /><br />The Bad: Besides the digression (but understandable) cheesy songs that I feel would only appeal to young girls like \\"Video Girl\\" and \\"Lovebug\\", my only complaint was that their voices are overpowered by the instruments on some song. There was an odd balance going on where on some songs, like the ones that were the 'stand out' tracks seemed good. Other songs felt as if their music/instruments were for some reason far more emphasized than the lyrics and vocals. Perhaps this was to give the songs a 'rock' feel but to me, it just overpowered and weakened the cd a bit.<br /><br />Otherwise, a good release that'd probably be suitable for tweens and teens, but could also be listened to and enjoyed by an older audience as well. Check it out.and vocals. Perhaps this was to give the songs a 'rock' feel but to me, it just overpowered and weakened the cd a bit.    Otherwise, a good release that'd probably be suitable for tweens and teens, but could also be listened to and enjoyed by an older audience as well. Check it out.
B000089CJI|2.0|sounds like detah cab for cutie rip off    they should call this group postal service - it sounds like they did this comapct disk through the mail and it was sitting in the post office when a guy whent postal  lame    whats it even?
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have loved this workout video better than any video I have ever tried. I do the level three workout a couple of times a week when I do not not have time to get to the gym. In two months time I have noticed improvements in my abs and legs. I love that I can get a good workout in only twenty minutes. It is a lot of fun too!
0807014265|5.0|I first read this book in college many years ago as I was working on my degree in psychology. An excerpt from it is in John McCain's autobiographical book, [[ASIN:0061734950 Faith of My Fathers: A Family Memoir]]. I was glad to be reminded of this book which I had not read in years. I found my old copy on the shelf but I am also glad to learn it is still available.<br /><br />The comparison between Frankl and McCain as prisoners is striking. Both of them emphasize the basic human need for meaning and purpose.  Both share incredible horrors of prison camp as well as the human ability to look beyond present circumstances, to keep the horrid memories from continuing as sources of torture years after the actual experiences.<br />We can apply this ability to many of the unfortunate experiences in our lives. It is not only an attitude of forgive and forget, it is the need to keep the horrors or smaller angers from continuing to torment us.<br /><br />It is more than a little frightening that there are people who deny that the Holocaust even happened. I hope you read Frankl's book. Fully grasp the reality of his day and apply it to today's needs and problems.
031606792X|2.0|I don't even know what to say. The writing was okay. The characters changed in a completely unbelievable way. At least I should say Bella did. I guess most of the book seemed like a cop-out. The only thing that redeemed the book for me was the section that Jacob narrated. He is so much more interesting than Bella.
0143038419|5.0|I know I'm a little late with this review since the book has been out for some time (how did I ever miss such a good read). I was so uplifted by this book that I did something I have never done before, looking for the authors website. I was naive enough to think I could just open Elizabeth Gilbert's website and thank her for such a wonderful book and gush on about how great it was and how I can't wait for her next one. If you have not read this book.... go get it.... you won't be disappointed.  If you have, take the time and go to the website and you will find another surprise.... pictures of some of the people she met and wrote about (except for Felipe, unfortunate but understandable). What a nice surprise to see these pictures. Not that this will happen, but Ms. Gilbert, if you should ever see this, thank you for such a great book. Not only have you managed to give me several days of good reading but you literally lifted my spirit and soul with a lot of the information.
031606792X|5.0|Of course I am very sad that the series had to end (although I am VERY excited for the book on Edward's perspective), however I don't think I would have been happier any other way. It ended just the way I wanted it to, and although it may have been the lovey 'happy ever after', isnt that what we wanted for her the entire time we read these books?     AFTER 4 books of nothing but problems from the Volturi and other human craved vampires, almost dying from giving birth, and many other setbacks, give the girl a break. It was an AMAZING ending, and Stephanie Meyer is BY FAR the best author of books I have ever had the pleasure to read.    And on the point about Jacob imprinting on the baby and that not being realistic.. i mean come on. the entire book is NOT realistic. Its a fantasy novel for a reason. If I wanted facts and realism, I'd go read my college text books.     Amazing. And I don't see HOW you could have thought of anything less.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is about a professor (Morrie), his former student (Mitch), and their final \\"class\\" with one another as the professor is in the final stages of ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease). Mitch taped their discussions together and transcribed them into the book while throwing in slices of college memories of Morrie and other seemingly inconsequential moments that add to the humanity of this life-altering work.<br /><br />Tuesdays with Morrie allows the reader to glimpse into someone's mind who knows he is dying. We all know we are going to die, but we don't necessarily act like it. Morrie addresses what is really important in life and says that if people lived like they were going to die, they'd live differently. They'd live better.<br /><br />\\"How do you detach from the agony of physical and mental pain when you know you're going to die?\\" \\"How can someone with ALS be so incapacitated and yet still be happy?\\" \\"What would you do on your last day?\\" Morrie addresses these questions and they are what taught me the most from this book. I'll be writing on them in the coming days.<br /><br />Mitch was able to learn lessons from a man he admired. I have been blessed with such relationships and of these I am eternally grateful. Dr. Bill Greenwalt was one of these men. We met every Tuesday so that I could earn my license as a professional counselor. He would encourage my good ideas and chuckle at those he knew wouldn't work. I didn't care because I valued his insight. He was patient and always thought deeply about everything I said. These two virtues (patience and thoughtfulness) are hard to find. Dr. Bill Greenwalt died suddenly of a heart attack in January of 2006. I envy Mitch in that I was unable to tell Dr. Greenwalt goodbye and how much he meant to me.<br /><br />So we don't have to plow through every mistake in life, the Lord blesses us with people who can light our ways as we realize our potential. The person may be a teacher who always knows your name, or a supervisor who takes time for you no matter how busy he is. We need more people like this. I hope you will notice them around you and work to become one yourself.no matter how busy he is. We need more people like this. I hope you will notice them around you and work to become one yourself.
B001DDBCUU|2.0|At the risk of being stoned to death with Manolo Blahnik stilettos by a mob of incensed fans, I've gotta say that I was seriously disappointed in this movie.  I'm not an S&TC hater--far from it.  I never saw the series on HBO; I don't get cable and discovered it on DVD just as it was about to go off the air.  Being a Carrie-Come-Lately to the party actually was a huge benefit:  I got to revisit my favorite episodes on disc as often as I liked.  Like its heroine herself, \\"Sex & the City\\" was the most fun when it didn't take itself too seriously, and yet its best-crafted episodes are surprisingly memorable and poignant for a 30-minute 'comedy'.  At its best, S&TC transcended mere comedy or crude sex gimmicks and mined some very deep pockets of the human soul.  Also didn't hurt that the clothes were fabulous, the cocktails were plentiful and the production design absolutely outstanding.  The series was an unabashed valentine to its fifth lady, New York City, while taking us on a journey with the four  flawed women at its center.  That journey had all the laughter, tears, breakups, makeups, pettiness, generosity, love, self-delusion and insight of which we are all capable.  That's why we went along for that ride for 6 years.  I felt that by that last shot of the girls leaving the coffee shop in the finale of Season 6, the writers had achieved the impossible: an unresolved ending that still left us hopeful and satisfied that as we said goodbye, the future for each held good things, including, most of all, their continued friendship.  That was a good ending.  There was no wedding for Carrie, but Mr. Big did say \\"Carrie, you're the one\\" in Paris.  Did anyone doubt what came next?    I wasn't thrilled about the idea of a big-screen treatment, seeing it as redundant at best and rife with potential for disaster at worst.  I ardently hoped that writer-director Michael Patrick King and his team of screenwriters would treat the movie as four interrelated episodes of the series and craft them accordingly.  A movie event on HBO would have been more in keeping with a show that got its start there, but of course, the siren call of all those theatrical millions was too powerful to resist for everyone involved.  The movie hit some glitches on its way to production as we know, and four years went by before it made its way into theatres.  Sadly, no one has aged for the better (including Samantha).  It's not that everyone doesn't look essentially the same--they do--but the plot has not moved forward and everyone is in a holding pattern.  This makes everyone look so 2004, and not in a good way.  I'm not giving away any plot points that haven't already blanketed the known universe by saying that Carrie is planning her wedding to Big; Miranda is still doing the domesticity routine in Brooklyn with Steve and their son (didn't anyone else wonder if the poor kid is now known as 'Brady Brady'?) and Charlotte and Harry adopted their adorable little moppet from China and are now joyfully expecting their own visit from the stork.  What comes as a little bit of a surprise is that Samantha is now living in L.A. with Smith, who is now a working actor.  She jets in frequently for lunches with the girls, but one can't help but wonder whether Sam was banished to La-La Land as punishment for Kim Cattrall's foot-dragging over salary negotiations.      To find Carrie and Big still dickering over his level of commitment to her after their 'le grand moment' in Paris is demoralizing; what HAVE they been doing for the last 4 years?  Did he not really mean it or what?  Given the time that elapsed, it would've been more satisfying (not to mention, merciful) if the movie opened with Carrie and Big already married, though that scenario would have deprived us of the movie's best setpiece: an extended, dreamy montage of Carrie as a bridal vision in a parade of different designer wedding gowns.  Surprises are in store for a couple of the other relationships that Season 6 had successfully locked down, we thought.      Ultimately, this big-screen treatment has not really done justice to what was a small-screen story.  Big ain't necessarily better (unless, of course, we are speaking about Chris Noth--notwithstanding the fact that Aidan Shaw was my personal favorite of Carrie's fiances), and in moving to the big screen, they choked.  Having achieved the perfect goodbye at the end of the series, they weren't content to leave it alone, but for Carrie & Co. and all their fans' sakes, they really should have.  All in all, watching this long-awaited movie of a great show is kind of like eating too much cotton candy; we think we need an outsized helping of such a pretty confection, only to realize that its complete lack of nutrative value has left us feeling overindulged and sick.  Frankly, the Fab Four deserved better than this, and so did we.  Do you want to buy this anyway, if you are a fan?  Probably, but it will make you want to revisit, or buy for the first time, the TV series as an antidote.
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|Great CD. Adele is one of my newly discovered favorites. Her voice and songwriting is so down to earth.
031606792X|2.0|This was not the book I expectd at all.  it doesnt even seem to be a book from the same series......I dont know what happened, maybe the author was rushed to get the next book out.  reguardless, its not even close to the other three, which i loved.  the first three books were about Bella, Edward, and Jacob.  Who would she choose?  Would she become a vampire?  What would she tell her parents?  things like that.  I expected this book to answer those questions, and it did, in the first 100 pages???  WHAT??  there are 600 more pages to the story!!  ok, maybe they will be about the hard time Bella has now that she is a vampire, she will be uncontrolable, she wont want Edward anymore, she cant be around people, Jacob will hate her......NOPE!!  none of that happens!  She is perfect, no problems at all.  being a vampire is easy!!  WHAT??  Are you kidding??  I know this fantasy, but come on!  There isnt much of a story if there is no conflict...  Instead the story centers around her child, who is, i have to say, the weirdest character i have ever read about.  i found myself constantly rolling my eyes at the things this child was capable of doing.  it was just rediculous!! and to make matters worse, i think the author forgot that Bella was now a vampire.  she constantly wrote about bella breathing, using up her air supply, and gasping for breath.  i cant believe no one caught that before the book went to print.  i found myself arguing with the book over all the inconsistancies...to the point of distraction.    personally i think if the author wanted Bella and Edward to have a child she should have used that idea to start a new series.  this book SHOULD HAVE been about who Bella chooses, if she can ever get Edward to make her a vampire, and what she has to go through once she became a vampire.  We should have been able to read about them all going through those things, there should have been at least some kind of struggle before the happy couple gets, married has kids, and shebecame a vampire.  Thats what the first 3 books were about, and thats what book 4 should have continued with.  She could have started a whole new series with the birth of Nessie.....although I was highly dissappointed with Jacob imprinting on her, I can see how that opens many doors for more stories.  What kind of children would they have?  Will both the coven and the pack except them?  What kinds of powers would this new \\"breed\\" have?  its really too bad she chose to give up on Edward and Bella to bring in this new character of Nessie.  It got to the point that I just didnt care anymore.  I could have stopped reading half way through, maybe less.  once they got married, and she became a vampire all the aspects of the story i cared about were resolved.  highly dissappointed.......  too bad, before this book this was one of my favorite series......
0061537934|5.0|Don't read this review to the end, unless you were like me!  I was so touched and teary at the beginning pages that I had to skip to the end of the book to find some clue as to its ending.  I felt I could not go on until I did so.  So if you decide to continue to read my review...  My daughter, son in law, and two furkids, as they call them, gave this book to me for my birthday.  My hubby and I have loved 3 dogs during the years of our marriage.  Each one of them was special.  Our last, Shelby, somehow had more of a touching personality, so sweet, so strong, so wonderful, such a trooper.  With each loss of our family 'members' parts of our hearts were torn; and when my daughter and her hubby lost their beloved Wesley, another part too was torn.  The depiction of the personality and thoughts and actions of Enzo mirror again and again our pups.  It was great to see this hero dog reach human status; and I would like to share comfort in the realization that all of our 'pups' are around me as well, or will be someday!
B0017HEYEI|1.0|totally screwed on this one, it is not in English as listed. I never thought this would happen..
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is the fourth book in the Twilight Saga by Stephenie Meyer. I like many others waited in line at midnight to receive my book. After getting home around 1:30 in the morning I devoured the book in a matter of four hours. Something most sixteen year olds would rather not spend four hours doing. Unlike most people I don't believe that this book will influence children to get married younger and that having a kid at eighteen is okay. I think that the values that their parents set for them will have a role in their decision. I myself enjoyed this book very much and was happy that both Edward and Jacob got their happy ending. Although the book had a very random plot compared to the others before it, it was not bad. No matter how differently the book could have ended people were going to be upset about it anyways. Either way Stephenie Meyer could not have won this battle. It is her story and HER right to write....punny I know. I would recommend this story to others and I have. True twilight fans won't be disappointed about what happened and will realize that the story had to end no matter how many twist the plot took. I  generally liked this book although i was disappointed when the book switched to Jacob's perspective, but I can understand why it would make more sense that way and did give us a better view on Bella's condition. I give this book five stars because of the amazing finish to a wonderful series that so many people love
B000062X90|5.0|Many people consider \\"Argus\\" to be Wishbone Ash's best work and in this case, I have to agree. However, both their debut and sophomore albums are excellent too. This is their third album released in 1972 and shows the amazing songwriting skills that this group consisting of Andy Powell (guitar/vocals), Ted Turner (guitar/vocals), Martin Turner (bass/vocals), and Steve Upton (drums) had.     Included throughout is a combination of prog-rock, folk, jazz, and blues and it's all amazing from start to finish. Of course the twin guitar attack of Powell and Turner became hugely influential for later bands, like for example Thin Lizzy and Iron Maiden!     \\"Time Was\\" opens the album and shows their blend of folk and rock. Great harmony vocals, smoking guitar leads while there's a notable influence from The Who in the song. With a running time of nearly ten minutes, it's the longest track here. Next comes \\"Sometime World\\" where the band moves toward a prog-rock style. Again, superb singing at the beginning and after about two minutes, the song changes abruptly to a part with a faster tempo that features excellent band interplay.   There are three songs that include lyrics with medieval themes: \\"Warrior\\", \\"Throw Down The Sword\\", and \\"The King Will Come\\". All of them are highlights but my favorite of these is the third one I mentioned. Here you find the great harmony vocals so prominent on this album, plus an amazing guitar solo with the wah wah pedal. Right after the solo ends listen carefully as this is my favorite part of the song which is that melody with the arpeggio the repeats many times. I really like this part! Last but not least \\"Leaf And Stream\\" is a haunting folk number while in \\"Blowin' Free\\" the band goes for a blues rock direction.     Definitely a five star album, \\"Argus\\" shows the band at their creative peak and I recommend it for the prog-rock collection.   Thanks for taking the time to read!   Later...
B000001GF9|5.0|[[VIDEOID:24492511]]This soloists in this performance are out of this world. The Soprano 1 has the perfect tone. No excessive vibrato, dead center of the pitch and color up and down the scale (the low A flat in the Kyrie is awesome.) Frederica von Stade is awesome (as usual) with very nice high b naturals. I Buy this CD again just to hear Arleen Auger's gorgeous singing!
0618918248|5.0|Although diehard theologians seem minimally affected by this book according to the author, I would like to say congratulations on \\"The GOD Delusion\\" in success in denying the existence of GOD. However, whether or not the author has been successful in giving a meaningful basis for life of ordinary people is yet to be answered. The problem with this kind of scientific thesis is that, if I borrow a paragraph from existing \\"psychical knowledge,\\" \\"Science's thesis meets with no answering affirmation in the human heart--and in fact arouses the deepest antipathy.\\" and this may be a reason why people need \\"God.\\" The same psychical knowledge also says: \\"All religions are distortive. For that matter much of your science is distortive. Both arrive at approximations, at best, of reality. Religion has been the cause of much prejudice and cruelty, but the bomb over Hiroshima was not caused by the Catholic Saint Theresa showering down any roses. The distortions in science and religion have been truly disastrous.\\" Prof. Steven Weinberg is quoted by the author as saying (in Chapter 7/ p. 283) \\"Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it....\\" I agree with the opinion. However, if you take the research results of the late Prof. Ian Stevenson (1918-2007) on \\"reincarnation of human,\\" then you can also say that \\"Darwinism is an insult to human dignity, because it says that ape is our distant ancestor!\\"
B0012Q732O|3.0|10,000 BC brings to the screen a fictional portrayal of life 12,000 years ago, where a young man embarks on a journey to free his beloved from the clutches of ruthless slavers that have ventured into his clan's icy domain. His journey will take him to foreign lands where he will meet exotic peoples, frightening creatures, and mysterious cultures. What awaits at the end of his travels, however, may be more than he bargained for...    There are slight hints of Conan, Mad Max, the Last of the Mohicans, and Jurassic Park, and strong/obvious elements of Quest for Fire, Mel Gibson's Apokalypto, and most importantly Stargate.     The major setbacks are in relation to:   1) The movie starting off slow and failing to catch the viewer's attention.  2) Very little accuracy regarding the human civilization of that era.  3) The movie should have included sex and violence for the sake of realism and not a mellowed down version of the era in order to sell more tickets.   4) The acting is mediocre and it seems as though the chemistry between the actors is not all that great.    5) To that, one has to add the poor dialogues and the bad choice of lines that the actors are given.   6) As for the characters, they are weak, bland and just plain uninteresting.      In short, the acting and the music are mediocre, the setting is great, the plot is interesting though predictable and unoriginal (could have been amazing!), while the dialogues are `below average.'  The potential for a good movie was there, however, it fails to take off.    A shame really...  Nevertheless, though far from being a masterpiece, 10,000 BC may provide for an evening's entertainment if expectations are kept low.  3.3 Stars
B0017HRCQU|1.0|[[ASIN:B0017HRCQU Batman Begins (Limited Edition Gift Set) [Blu-ray]]]I was all ready to watch this Blu-ray movie on the night before Dark Knight opened. When I put it my Sony Blu-ray player it would not play. I later read on the box that some Blu-ray planers need to be upgraded to play the movie. Amazon should have told me about this before I bought this item. Blu-ray players are still very costly, so I am very upset.
031606792X|5.0|While there were a lot of unexpected plot twists and it went in a direction that I didn't really think it was going, I loved the final chapter in the Twilight Saga.  I wanted to see Bella and Edward get married and they did.  I wanted to see Bella turn into a vampire and she did.  I also wanted a happy ending for Jacob and although it was a bit strange, it happened too.  Also, I have to say that the last two pages were the perfect ending.  So, therefore, I am a happy Twilighter.  My only complaint, not enough Alice and Jasper :-(  All in all, a great ending to one of my favorite series... now all I can say is How many more days until Midnight Sun??
B000PWR11O|4.0|Does anyone know what this is?  It's listed as a box set, yet there is only 1 disc.  The price, to me, seems a bit steep for one disc of music that was originally released 40 years ago.  The track listing shows 25 songs, some of which I know are close to ten minutes long, so it is impossible to have all this on one disc.
0596522347|5.0|Nancy Duarte has designed a winner with her first book - and it's an instant classic on presentation design. Not only will anyone be able to make MUCH better presentations, they will have fun learning how. Whether beginner or expert, Nancy helps anyone get to the top of their game in making a impact through presenting their ideas visually.<br /><br />It's also interesting and inspiring reading as well, and goes far beyond presentations. The success of Duarte Design is well deserved, and you'll see why in reading this book.<br /><br />Bert Decker
B00005S6K6|5.0|I bought this movie after I saw the new Mamma Mia movie with Meryl Streep, I can't get enough of her. I loved this movie, it will become one of my favorites, it is so romantic, excellent story, Meryl is excellent and I just know you will love it too!
031606792X|5.0|I read the first book with out even knowing anything about the book. My daughter wanted to read it. But I figured I would read it first, well my husband read it before me in four hours. It took me 5 (had to take breaks). That made me want all the others which I read in less then a week. I would say anyone who reads this should be ready to be total into it.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|if you listen to this thinking of the story of Nostradamus and imagining having the \\"gift/curse\\" of premonition, it's a beautiful record. or if you happen to have a broad range of musical interests - i never tire of the \\"symphonic meets metal\\" fusion, or most other musical fusions, for that matter.    but you might not get it if you don't know the story, or come in with your own prejudices of what a JP record should be...or if you expect to instantly get everything you hear -- a rather unrealistic expectation, honestly.    then again, i'm a music teacher, so i'm interested in music of all genres and traditions. (and much of what i listen to doesn't make sense the first time...but that's how i know that i'm being challenged as a listener.)
B00122LUXQ|4.0|Curtis Mayfield isn't so much a household name (although he was much better known in the 70's), but he is one of the definitive sounds of the music that was the 70's... funk. Okay, there was disco too, but funk was the father of disco (yeah, I'm ready for that argument).<br /><br />The driving beats, happy rhythm and playing around with the (then) new synthesized sounds at the time, is what makes the sound, while the vocals are the falsetto that the Isley are so well known for.<br /><br />While you might not know the artist's name, you'll certainly feel at-home with the familiar sounds of funk. This album is a great addition to the well-rounded collection I know you desire to have!
031606792X|3.0|Like almost everyone else, my excitement nearly bubbled over when Breaking Dawn, the final book in the Twilight Saga, was released over two weeks ago. As much as I have enjoyed the series, and fully believe that Stephanie is a fantastic writer, Breaking Dawn does not come without it's share of flaws. What was annoying was Bella's constant attempt at being the martyr in certain situations; situations in which I felt could have been handled better without the lame melodrama; not to mention her unrealistic behavior when discovering the existence of the baby near the middle of the book. Feeling joy and elation when something inside you was actually *killing* you should not have made one happy. Not at all.     Although Breaking Dawn was good, I felt the ending was a bit disappointing because of the way the author seemingly intended to end the book with a last battle against the Volturi, but unfortunately, it was thwarted, which seems to be an unfortunate habit of the author, just as the tension was about to explode between the Volturi and the vampire covens. I was curious to see the events of that unfolding if the situation became worse than just mere compromising and the various covens playing their part as witnesses, but alas, that didn't happen.     All in all, some parts of the book were good, but to be honest, one thing I don't like about the series is how dragging it can be to read so many pages, especially when the first half is seemingly boring and uneventful. At some points of reading Breaking Dawn, I wanted to discontinue reading the novel and toss it aside.     Maybe next time the author should work on that.
B00005JLCI|3.0|I am a huge Shakespeare fan, and HAMLET is my favorite of the Bard's work.  So, logically, as a Shakespeare buff and an English major, you would expect Branagh's HAMLET to be my favorite cinematic version of the tale.  Well, you would be wrong: Franco Zefferelli's HAMLET starring Mel Gibson and Glenn Close is my favorite, not Branagh's, and I'll tell you why: Branagh may be an immensely talented director with ground-breaking visions for Shakespeare's work, but he is an over-the-top and dreadfully melodramatic actor whose performances on screen are absolutely terrible.  On stage, his moody, sulking, emo and whiny Hamlet would work because stage acting requires a larger-than life performance because as an actor, you have to perform to the back balcony, but on film that sort of acting doesn't work - the two mediums are too vastly different.  For an actor who is so technically trained, you think Branagh would know this, but, he either doesn't or his ego is so big he does whatever he pleases.  Whatever the case, his performance as Hamlet is what soured this wonderful film for me.  Besides Kenneth, the rest of the cast is excellent, especially Julie Christie as a touchingly poignant Gertrude, Derek Jacobi's deliciously vile Claudius (my favorite screen portrayal of the character), Richard Briers manages to make Polonius both a secondary villain and comic relief in the way that only an excellent actor can, and Billy Crystal's cameo as the gravedigger is wonderfully funny.  While I don't fault Kate Winslet one bit, her Ophelia is especially weak and can be very trying on one's nerves, but I blame this more on the director's choice than I do the actress.  Kate is amazingly talented and can definitely make even weakly-written roles come off as strong.  I just wish Branagh would have let her do so here.  Helena Bonham Carter's Ophelia is decidedly better, making her Ophelia strong, even rebellious in her maddness.  Anyway, the look of the film, in the grand tradition of Branagh movies, is stunning.  The costumes, the sets, esp. the interiors of Elsinore, are vivid and pulsing with life.  In my opinion, if Branagh would sacrifice his ego and stay behind the camera and do what he does well (directing), all of his films would be not just good, but brilliant.  Hopefully he will figure this out soon.
031606792X|3.0|There are three parts to this book. The first one was absolutely horrible. The wedding and the honeymoon were a big let down. It was rushed with no detail or any tender moments. I thought the wedding would be beautiful and tender, touching even. It wasn't. It was so anti-climatic. The honeymoon was even worse. I know Stephenie did not want to go into detail but it fell completely flat. She could have described Bella and Edward's conversation leading up ther act or they way they looked at each other, anything. But no, we had to hear about small details the next morning which left me wondering if they really even did it! Book two was way better written but it was like beating a dead horse. It was the same thing over and over again. Bella's not feeling well, blah blah blah. We get it already. Thankfully book three was much better and actually saved the entire book. That was more like the old Stephenie Meyer I know and love. That part of the book was interesting and we finally got to see the characters again and even some new and interesting ones as well. I especially liked Kate and Garrett. The entire novel was very rushed and strange, excluding the last part. I think Stephenie should have spent more time on this. Her editor did not do her any favors by rushing to put this out. I hope Midnight Sun will be better!!!!!!!
B00005AG7K|3.0|My seven year old daughter has become a Beatles fan and so daddy purchased the Beatle albums and available movies, as well as this BBC television production. (Daddy grew up during the era, in both the UK and the USA and is a Beatles fan himself.)  An obvious fly by the seat of your pants production, with lines made up as the film was underway and some obvious tenstion between the band members, neither my daughter nor I understand most of what is happening except the Beatles seem to think that \\"Dewsberry road\\" is a comical line and my daughter likes the film.  If you are a die hard Beatles fan, you might want to have it simply to have it.  If you are not, stick with the album of the same name.  The picture quality is poor, at best.  The story line is as close to non-existent as it could be and still seemingly have a story line.
0060595183|5.0|While these two slim volumes, collected here under one cover, will always be associated with the 1960s, they shouldn't be thought of as dated or period pieces by any stretch of the imagination. And that's a key phrase here, because stretching the imagination is precisely what they're about, and what they can do for you -- if you're willing to read them with an open mind.<br /><br />Certainly they belong in the library of thoughtful, deeply considered books on mind-altering drugs & experience. But let's be clear on this: Huxley wasn't interested in cheap, easy highs, or simple escapism. He saw the use of such drugs as a useful & potentially powerful tool for exploring the depths of the psyche, the \\"Antipodes of the Unconscious,\\" as he phrased it so well.<br /><br />And so we not only get Huxley's own account of his controlled experiments, offered in vivid detail, always observed by his keen & penetrating intellect -- but we also get a history of the visionary experience in culture & art. Some might find this extraneous, even boring; but it's of vital import to his inward explorations.<br /><br />Century after century, culture after culture, Huxley shows us that the visionary experience is essentially the same for all of humanity. The minute, superficial particulars may vary, but the essence is the same. And as he points out, drugs are not necessary for such an experience -- although he's fascinated by & intellectually curious about their possibilities as an entrance to them, and sees no reason not to utilize them under the proper conditions.<br /><br />In fact, Huxley is reminding us that such visionary experience is the common, rightful inheritance & treasure of all who live. Moreover, now that we live in a culture impoverished by a lack of such experience, with an official contempt & fear of it, he asserts that we need it more than ever. And this was written in the late 1950s!<br /><br />Yes, there were abuses & mistakes in the drug culture of the 1960s -- some of them dreadful. But much of this was due to an immature, basically hedonistic approach to the visionary world. There were many people hungry for a living visionary experience, but they didn't have the proper knowledge & preparation for it, and wound up plunging into the very deep end ... where some drowned.<br /><br />Today we have a culture in which the \\"the only war that counts, the war against the Imagination\\" (poet Diane DiPrima) is still in full force. We're offered mass-produced substitutes for visionary experience, but they're only empty, glossy sensation, shoddy goods & special effects, with no substance or depth.<br /><br />Huxley's wise words offer another approach, one that might yield real rewards for the sincere seeker. Again, while this might entail the use of mind-altering drugs for some, they're not a necessity. And if they are used, then they should be used knowledgeably & judiciously.  More importantly, Huxley reminds us not to sacrifice the possibilities of rapture & transcendence out of fear. At best, this volume should lead the reader to art, to poetry, to the wisdom of the perennial philosophy. For the honest seeker with honest questions, this is highly recommended!to an immature, basically hedonistic approach to the visionary world. There were many people hungry for a living visionary experience, but they didn't have the proper knowledge & preparation for it, and wound up plunging into the very deep end ... where some drowned.    Today we have a culture in which the \\"the only war that counts, the war against the Imagination\\" (poet Diane DiPrima) is still in full force. We're offered mass-produced substitutes for visionary experience, but they're only empty, glossy sensation, shoddy goods & special effects, with no substance or depth.    Huxley's wise words offer another approach, one that might yield real rewards for the sincere seeker. Again, while this might entail the use of mind-altering drugs for some, they're not a necessity. And if they are used, then they should be used knowledgeably & judiciously.  More importantly, Huxley reminds us not to sacrifice the possibilities of rapture & transcendence out of fear. At best, this volume should lead the reader to art, to poetry, to the wisdom of the perennial philosophy. For the honest seeker with honest questions, this is highly recommended!
B000VSBX34|5.0|A delightful comic romp around the globe with the Fab Four making their second movie by contractural arrangement and while they had enough pull to get to go where they wanted to.  The songs are the product and driving force.  As one might expect, well writen, well performed Beatle music.  \\"You've Got To Hide Your Love Away\\", may well be one of the best Beatles songs ever written.  Both the album and the movie are good for a giggle and memories (for those as old as I).  One of my seven year old daughter's favortie movies.
0743298020|5.0|I found this to be such a beautifully written book.  I fell in love with the characters and did not want to put it down.  I would very much like to see more from this author.  .......simply beautiful.....
006135323X|5.0|In writing and speaking on the subject of human behavior, I often remind people the secret to dealing with a person's explosive anger.  Although the anger may be unexplainable, the explosions are quite predictable.<br /><br />Such is the framework of a relatively new discipline called behavioral economics, which is featured in Dan Ariely's book, \\"Predictably Irrational-The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions.\\"  Where standard economics presumes humans to be rational beings, Dan Ariely and the theory of behavioral economics portend we are not only fundamentally irrational, but that we make the same mistakes over and over.<br /><br />Ariely has plenty of fascinating research to back up his claims, including information on procrastination, a suggestive language technique called priming, a marketing technique referred to as \\"decoy pricing\\" and why, as a society, we steal from our own employers.<br /><br />Stealing is a crime, so it's especially intriguing to learn that it's easier for most people to justify stealing when the pilfered item is one step removed from cash such as supplies.<br /><br />Employee-related theft and fraud in the workplace costs American businesses around $600 billion annually.  By comparison, all robberies, burglaries, larceny and auto theft cost about $16 billion in 2004.<br /><br />There's a name for what people do when they buy clothes, wear them and then return the garments for a refund.  It's a type of stealing called \\"wardrobing\\" and it costs retailers $16 billion per year.<br /><br />This information has far-reaching consequences.  The author is convinced that our irrational consumer spending habits can errantly convince someone that he is affluent.<br /><br />Noting that Americans regard uniqueness as a positive character trait, Ariely notes that people with a need for uniqueness are sometimes willing to sacrifice personal utility for \\"reputational\\" utility.<br /><br />One might think the concept of predictable irrationality to be rather depressing, but the author offers many suggestions for improving our situation, including self-control credit cards and a program called, \\"save more tomorrow,\\" that allows employees to save a percentage of future salary raises.<br /><br />It seems as though Ariely performs the bulk of his research on college students, who one might argue are even more irrational and less predictable than the rest of us.<br /><br />\\"Predictably Irrational\\" is read by the Simon Jones in his great British accent.  Socrates said, \\"The unexamined life is not worth living.\\"  Marketers, business owners and anyone who examines human behavior will find this book a very worthwhile read.  -Michael Angelo Caruso, [...]for improving our situation, including self-control credit cards and a program called, \\"save more tomorrow,\\" that allows employees to save a percentage of future salary raises.      It seems as though Ariely performs the bulk of his research on college students, who one might argue are even more irrational and less predictable than the rest of us.     \\"Predictably Irrational\\" is read by the Simon Jones in his great British accent.  Socrates said, \\"The unexamined life is not worth living.\\"  Marketers, business owners and anyone who examines human behavior will find this book a very worthwhile read.  -Michael Angelo Caruso, [...]
B000005RS1|5.0|This CD is a compilation of two EPs released on vinyl several years apart in the 80s.  Real to Reel showcases the early years of the band playing some of their best tunes from the first two albums and various singles live.  Cinderella Search is great and there is a great version of Market Square Heros as well.  The band sounds great, bringing their \\"art-rock\\" anthems to a live audience.  Tons of energy and plenty of nuance as well.  The Brief Encounter portion should have been chucked in favor of adding B-sides Themselves which is a far more worthy collection.      Expect great vocals from Fish and terrific guitar work from Steve Rothery throughout the entire CD.
031606792X|5.0|I thought this was the best book ever because it tied everything up so nicely. I don;t understand all these people with one star reviews because to me it was the best book in the entire series. I can't waith to see the movies.
055358894X|3.0|I am not vehemently opposed to this book; certainly many moments struck a key, but I believe this book just isn't for me. I saw George Martin's blurb, read the glowing reviews, and even heard people talk about the book in regular settings. I picked up the book as fast as I could.     Unlike other reviews, I loved the first 100 pages. I just didn't find anything special about the tale. In some instances I feel like the description paragraphs were overdone, which is surprising for me to say since I fancy elaborate prose. There was also a few moments where the profanity appeared forced. I have no personal objections to obscene language in books, but unless the book is meant to be a jarring read (like Fight Club), it should come off natural - just like anything, really.    Character sympathy extended to half of the crew. On a personal level I \\"liked\\" Bug, Jean, and the Priest more than I did Locke.     I definitely think this was a good first effort, though. The cover art is beautiful as well.
0312323867|4.0|My frist book by Emily Giffin was Love The One You Are With. I truly did enjoy her writing, so I went ahead and read Something Borrowed... That book was really good. I think I read it in about 2 days.  I'm currently reading this one because I needed to know how Darcy's life would turn out and I am loving it just as equally.  So far I've enjoyed all of Emily Giffin's books :)
031606792X|4.0|While I was a bit leery midway through this book on the direction the story was going, for nothing.  I was very please with the book.  I loved the series and can't wait to read more about these characters!  (C'mon Stephanie write more!)
0385340567|2.0|Lee Child has become one of my favorite authors, each Reacher novel better than the next.  Just when I thought he had peaked, he would raise the bar (to mix a metaphor.)  Reacher's life in the Army was fascinating, and I was sorry to see that end - The Enemy is still my favorite (Paris and NC, private/public, really outstanding) - but The Hard Way was also excellent and Bad Luck and Trouble even more compelling.<br /><br />Probably you can see where this is going.  Reacher is a contrary character:  you gotta love that about him or you won't like the series.  But there is contrary and there is stupid.  Child wants his hero in a tough spot, but surely he could have found a more plausible way to get him there than the blind \\"oh yes I will\\" stance that takes Reacher back to Despair, CO.<br /><br />If you can't respect the hero, it's hard to respect the action, and here's no reason to respect Jack Reacher's decisions in the opening chapters of this novel.  I wish I could like it, I really do, but it's just lazy plotting.  Once the action gets going, it's fine, but it's based on the man being a mindless jerk.<br /><br />Don't have times for mindless jerks, not even in the summer.<br /><br />Here's hoping for a return to a merely contrary Reacher in the next installment.
031606792X|5.0|I am pretty sure I am in the minority here but I LOVED Breaking Dawn. Yes, Bella does get everything and YES everyone seems to get a happy ending . . . but what is wrong with that? There is too much UNhappiness in this world that I was glad to step into a fantasy world and join Bella, Edward and Jacob for one last time.     I don't believe Stephanie wrote this book to send a message OR to raise your children, she wrote this book as a form of entertainment, and I for one was entertained. From the wedding, to the honeymoon, to the happily ever after. If you want to digest the book as a lesson to young girls, start by telling them to stay away from vampires and werewolves . . . the end.     Granted, the pregnancy of Bella has seemed to upset most people, but what they fail to realize is that Bella is NOT another pregnant teenager which makes this fantasy great. She does have a husband who has been around for over a hundred year so he has limitless funds, supportive friends and family (both natural and supernatural). The book never said she was NOT going to college, as a matter of fact they own a home near the university if she chooses to go and since she is immortal now she can go to college for the REST of her existence.     For a FICTIONAL novel . . . I loved it!
031606792X|5.0|So first things first.... * Spoiler ALERT! Do Not READ!*<br /><br />Okay, now that we have that out of the way...I just finished Breaking Dawn a few hours ago and I've been mulling it over in my mind about what rating to give it. So first I guess I'll talk about what I wanted:<br /><br />I wanted it to be so good engrossing that I could not stop reading:<br /><br />It was. I really had to continue on...I really couldn't put it down.<br /><br />I wanted Bella becoming a vampire a beautiful experience:<br /><br />Nah...not beautiful...mostly just gross, nasty, and painful.<br /><br />I did not want Jacob and Edward running around to Bella's every beck and call.<br /><br />I did not want Bella running the show but the only thing Bella doesn't decide is apparently her lavish gifts and clothes...poor thing. Everybody just runs around pleasing her. Jacob always gives in the very most. He is put through so much pain, anguish, hurt, longing, etc. and he keeps coming back for more all because Bella's whole face lights up when she sees him. Give me a break. However, I realize that love is painful and sometimes you give and give till you think there is nothing more that could be asked of you and people will still take.<br /><br />I wanted Bella to become more independent and strong about something other than how much she wants to be with Edward:<br /><br />This I was a tiny bit pleased because once Bella finds out that she may be of use, that her gift of shielding could protect those she loves she becomes fierce and works hard to get control over it. In other instances I feel like Bella causes all the trouble by being so stupid and putting herself in harms way. In this instance the harm doesn't really come from Bella because the Volturi are the ones who start all the trouble. Yet you could argue that if Bella would have agreed to no sex until after she was turned, like Edward asked, then the pregnancy wouldn't have been possible. I was impressed that Bella listened to Alice and did the whole getting the ID's and stuff on her own and didn't tell Edward. She actually had a bit of a backbone in that part. I just am not that crazy that Bella is a chick that just wants to get her man, get knocked up, and live in a cottage. Not everyone has endless supplies of people to take care of their demon spawn and tons of money.<br /><br />I wanted Jacob to be truly happy:<br /><br />I am so unbelievably happy that Jacob is over her...she just isn't worth it. I'm not sure why they thought so in the first place BUT they did/do....whatever. I'm not crazy about the imprinting thing...not because Nessie is a baby...he doesn't think of her in a girlfriend way yet...just wants her to be happy. I kind of took it like when a parent sees their child for the first time and the love is instant. Yes, that does make it a little creepy to think of them dating in seven years but I suppose it's a gradual thing and we really can't think of Ness in human years and terms. The reason I don't like it is that it's Bella and Edward's child...it's too hurtful to think he didn't have a choice...but maybe he never had a choice with Bella either. Maybe you don't choose who you love, you just choose whether or not to be with that person. I would have rather he imprinted with Leah, who is a way better person than Bella.<br /><br />I did not want a fairytale happily ever after:<br /><br />Yes I did want Bella and Edward together, only because they want each other so badly...but to have all the loose ends tide up so perfectly without any major consequences....I don't know. What's her face dies but really...who cared...I can't even remember her name. This part was a bit disappointing for me. I felt that yes, in a way things were not happily ever after because things started going downhill after the wedding...which at the end of most romance novels or chick flicks is the end. At that point everything is perfect. You don't get to see after Cinderella and the Prince get married and Prince charming won't pick his underwear up off the floor and Cinderella nags about the toilet seat being left up. There is this whole weird pregnancy baby thing, they are having disagreements, but really...Edward always gives in even when he has to suffer and Bella is asking too much. It just seemed a whole lot of perfectness....<br /><br />Regardless, even with my gripes I still had to give it 5 stars...I'm going to start the series all over again, because I really enjoyed the ride. There were parts that made roll my eyes: \\"little nudger.\\"  Parts that made me want to tear out my hair: how selfish Bella is sometimes, she wants what she wants and she takes nobody else into consideration. There were parts that made me want to puke, the whole descriptive pregnancy and \\"birth\\" thing. But there are lines that are just hilarious, like all of Jacob's chapter headings. Interactions between characters that just make me grin..Rosalie making the dog bowl for Jacob.<br /><br />I don't want to dissect and gripe about every little bit. I realize that the series was changed for teen readers...this was supposed to be an adult series...perhaps Meyer had some conflict with where she wanted it to go. That's okay though..it's not my story...but it is one that I enjoyed and it took me to another place. She has a way of conveying emotion that draws you in and I look forward to future books.t up. There is this whole weird pregnancy baby thing, they are having disagreements, but really...Edward always gives in even when he has to suffer and Bella is asking too much. It just seemed a whole lot of perfectness....    Regardless, even with my gripes I still had to give it 5 stars...I'm going to start the series all over again, because I really enjoyed the ride. There were parts that made roll my eyes: \\"little nudger.\\"  Parts that made me want to tear out my hair: how selfish Bella is sometimes, she wants what she wants and she takes nobody else into consideration. There were parts that made me want to puke, the whole descriptive pregnancy and \\"birth\\" thing. But there are lines that are just hilarious, like all of Jacob's chapter headings. Interactions between characters that just make me grin..Rosalie making the dog bowl for Jacob.    I don't want to dissect and gripe about every little bit. I realize that the series was changed for teen readers...this was supposed to be an adult series...perhaps Meyer had some conflict with where she wanted it to go. That's okay though..it's not my story...but it is one that I enjoyed and it took me to another place. She has a way of conveying emotion that draws you in and I look forward to future books.
B000002KHF|5.0|and a collection of tunes to stand up to anything. If you have no Van in your collection-please start here!!
B000063DI9|5.0|One of the great things about Iron Maiden is that they have a variety of music in their releases.  Unlike some bands (Judas Priest), a given CD isn't usually too different than their previous one, but over time their focus changed to longer, moodier, more melodic songs.  I'd even call them somewhat progressive by the time they get to \\"Seventh Son of a Seventh Son\\".  I don't really care for the more 'traditional' progressive groups, like Symphony X, or Dream Theatre, but Iron Maiden's take on the genre simply clicks with me.    The songs are very melodic, with an almost dreamlike quality to some of them (particularly in  the opening intros to the songs), but Maiden hasn't checked their aggression at the door.  Dickinson is in top form in his singing, showing lots of emotion and hitting the notes perfectly.  The guitars and beats are classic Maiden.  The story (fairly loose, and definitely interpreted differently by different listeners) is interesting.      Simply put, this CD got played a ton when I first got it, and in my 'All Metal Mix', I pretty much still stop to listen to any of the songs on this CD when they come up.    Highly recommended.
031606792X|3.0|Breaking Dawn wasn't all that bad. The problem is that it could have been better. I was just as anxious to read it and I'll give Meyer one thing, she can build tension. But that's were it ended. I forced myself to continue a little after Book 3 because nothing was happening. And I cringed at some bits (like Bella in a too tight mini skirt running through the woods and \\"artistically\\" ripping her dress so that she looked even more hot? Give me a break). But I really feel as if her publishers should have stopped her and had an honest talk with her--and they should have given her more time to write. She finished the book a little before Christmas, probably handed the whole manuscript in January, worked on the Host while still editing and the first chapter of Breaking Dawn was ready for release with the special edition of Eclipse May 31st...THIS YEAR? All this happened way to fast. It seems like Stephanie and her publishers were pushing her too fast and stretching her thin. I'd buy an edited and improved version of Breaking Dawn gladly.     To reiterate, I don't hate Stephanie and I don't necessarily hate Breaking Dawn. I'm just disappointed that none of her publishers had the courage to tell her she needed to fix some things. It didn't seem like she had a lot of time. Take a look at this interview:  [...]  If she stopped in December (which is the truth), sent the transcript (assumedly) in January, and the first chapter was released with Eclipse and the majority of the story was ready for print, AND she was working on the Host...There was simply not enough time for editing. End of Story.
B00005JKG9|5.0|This is one great movie.  It takes place in an office building, a Chinese food restaurant, a diner, a car, and outside in the rain. It is brilliantly written and has a large amount of suspense and tension that really catches the viewer and holds him in its clutches.  It shows the costs of depravity and the greed lust for success in a tough business.<br /><br />The cast is fantastic with Al Pacino, Kevin Spacey, Alec Baldwin, Ed Harris, Alan Arkin, and screen legend Jack Lemmon.  They make this movie what it is and what it is is fabulous.
031606792X|1.0|I know a lot of people who are giving Breaking Dawn a bad rating have issues with the plot. While I think it is a ridiculous plot and beyond being laughable, it is boring (Bella is in trouble, mean vampires come to kill her, she is saved...same story in each book) I think the actual writing is beyond awful. It doesn't come close to what Meyer can and has accomplished in her previous books. It feels like it was written with no thought at all. It was such a huge disappointment in so many ways.
B00008RH3L|5.0|Another Coen Brothers movie that surpasses all expectations.  Gabriel Byrne, John Turturro, Albert Finney, Steve Buscemi, and Marcia Gay Harden perform exceptionally.  It is a disturbing and suspenseful drama that flows along effortlessly and catches the viewer up in a way that he is gripping the seat he is sitting on.  This movie brings you into the Coen Brothers' minds and shows you how much immeasurable creativity they have.<br /><br />A definite choice for Coen Brothers' fans as well as for fans of suspense.
031606792X|5.0|This book and the entire series has just been breathtaking!  Breaking Dawn is not what I expected but it fits wonderfully.  I am already reading it again since I know I went through too fast the first time!  For all of you \\"realists\\" out there, go read an autobiography.  There is absolutely nothing \\"real life\\" about this series but that is what makes it great!  It is nice to be able to escape from the everyday stress induced cesspool of reality into an absolutely wonderful alternate world.  It sure makes my day better!  Everyone wants a romance like that, even you realists.  So enjoy this book the way it was meant to be enjoyed, with a little bit of laughter,tears and imagination.  That's what good books do, they make you feel something and see things in a different way no matter what end of the spectrum you are on.
B00005O3VC|5.0|It's the brilliance of Monty Python and it's hilarious.<br /><br />What more can I say?
031606792X|1.0|Alright, so I'm a teenager, and a previously avid reader of the Twilight series.  Having read all the previous books in the series, I waited along with throngs of others to buy Breaking Dawn the moment it came out.  After I'd begun reading it, I was steadily disappointed more and more by the so called \\"twists\\" that Ms. Meyer seems to take with the book.  As other reviewers have said, she seems to find it acceptable to continue to write Bella (a potential role model for younger girls) as quite immature, and to show that to be a 'successful' woman you only need to have babies and get married to the \\"man of your dreams\\".  I'd rather not even begin with how twisted the road with Jacob goes, but I know, as do all women (or at least I would HOPE), that your BEST FRIEND is NOT going to FALL IN LOVE with your INFANT DAUGHTER.  I mean, yeah, okay, Jake has to have a happy ending too, but seriously? Wow, that IS screwed up.  In addition, Edward doesn't much prove any stronger either, whilst he runs about willy-nilly, getting for Bella whatever she desires, and in some ways allowing her to live without rules.  That isn't so realistic; in the 21st century both genders have to pull their weight, which is yet another departure from the real world (let alone Bella's pregnancy, which wasn't even supposed to be possible), making me also wonder and examine the other female characters: most of them are simply slaves to their men.  From what I can tell, the only real independent females are Renee and Alice.  Maybe girls should look to them instead?    In summation, I'd like to define this book as complete, utter, fantasy.  Written like a terrible fanfiction, and with just about the same amount of message in it as any fanfictions I've read.  It leaves me to wonder, did Stephanie Meyer get lazy in writing this final book, or did she INTEND that the book come across as so... horrid?  Don't get me wrong, if you're just looking for a \\"comfort read\\" or a good escapist fantasy novel, you willadore this book.  However, don't hold your breath if you wanted to get something more out of this book:  it would appear the magic so easily put into the first three books of the series has vanished.  If I could give this book a lower rating than one star, I probably would.
B000022TSH|4.0|It took me a while to get this movie.  I ordered a \\"like new\\" version and it was filled with scratches and was unwatchable.  It took a little finagling to get a better copy, but it ended up working out.  I would've ended up giving it 5 stars had the disc be in \\"like new\\" condition.<br /><br />I really like this movie, although \\"the nose\\" scene (so I don't ruin in for anyone who hasn't seen it, but specific enough for the people who have seen it to understand) was incredibly disturbing, the performances of Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway were riveting.  It is one of the most heart-wrenching and suspenseful movies I have ever seen.<br /><br />I would suggest this movie.  It might be too much for the average viewer to take, but moreover, it is a movie to watch.
B000007T1M|3.0|3 1/2    A solid attack sucker punch of flavored, offbeat hardcore came with the Armenian-american groups debut combining relentless hostility, eccentrically powerful vocals, melodic transcendence, and a dash of old-world flavor to boot. It's no wonder the band immediately stood out in a genre all but known for it's generic torment. Not all of the album works properly; the songs eventually tend to bleed together, at worst into a type of pummeling oddball metal gimmickry, but a distinct mark upon their craft hinted at an important career to come.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is a great, satirical, passionate, sensual, and disturbing movie.  You will love the character development and find yourself on the side of different characters as time goes on.  The characters are so diverse and dissimilar from one another that it is realistic, in that they are not cookie-cutters of one another.  Complexity of characters is what really makes this movie.<br /><br />Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning give performances that are so convincing that you feel like you've just witnessed the true American family; a family that is not the warm and fuzzy - but the real family that shows the ugliness and anger that really goes on within the facade.
B000005ALP|3.0|Coming out when the 2nd-gen alterna-acts we're just catching wind, Eels debut has demonstrated a longer importance then many less distinguished acts of the time. While there is not enough personality to warrant high praise (the band autopilot's in their drearily hip mode a little too often), chief songwriter \\"E\\" demonstrates keen dark-pop chops by way of piano or guitar, creating a few hauntingly upbeat, not to mention sardonically lyricized snapshots amongst less memorable, but still competent tracks.
031606792X|4.0|There are certainly elements of this book that I wish Meyer had written differantly, but I trully enjoyed the ending of the saga. I found this to be a very enjoyable and satisfying conclusion (especially after a second reading). I am appalled that some disgruntled readers are urging others who are dissatisfied to return their books! I think this is just as dishonest as wearing a dress with the tags on so that it may be returned to the store the next day. Bookstores are not libraries, this isn't Netflix people!
031606792X|1.0|First of all I have to say that I absoloutly loved the first three books but I felt like BD just contradicted everything in them. It felt like this book was completely seperate to the others, the ending just didn't fit. It was as if S Meyer wrote the book around the idea that every single one of her characters gets a happy ending and everything they ever wanted with no consequences except for a little visit from the Volturi that was probably just put in so that it would seem like there was some action when in fact the whole thing was just talk. It seemed the unimportant bits of the book were dragged out and the important bits felt rushed, making the book extremely boring at parts.    I found that the characters became distant and it was hard to relate to them through out the book. It seemed that when Bella changed into a beautiful immortal vampire her personality changed as well. I felt like I didn't know her at all. Maybe sometime when S Meyer was writing Jacob's point of view she lost her understanding of other important characters.    I liked Jacob's point of view however I felt it didn't really have a place right in the middle of Bella's story. I really wanted to take it out. It was nice to get inside Jake's head for a while but surely we'd already done that for a bit in the epiloge of Eclipse. BD was supposed to be the end of Bella's story and then Jacob just gets plonked into the middle of it.    Another issue I had with book was Bella getting pregnant. That's the sort of thing that gets written in fanfiction not the actual book because it's so absurd that no body actually expects it to haoppen! I really felt like Renesmee (I'm not even going to start on the name issue, enough people have ranted on about that) had no place in Bella and Edward's story and that she was just there to bring unecessary danger upon the Cullen family.    I think S Meyer should have just ended the saga with Eclipse maybe adding in the wedding and maybe using the epiloge for Bella's transformation into a vampire. After that I don't want to know Bella because it seems like S Meyer can't change her into a vampire without completely changing her personality. If she'd used an ending like that it would have felt more realistic because not everybody would have gotten a happy ending and we would still be left with the feeling that Bella had made her choice and suffered the consequences instead of having the happiest happy ending that anyone's ever had. I'm not saying I don't like happy endings I'm just saying that they don't always work, people have to make sacrifices and in BD everything worked out way too conveniently.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|I don't think I've seen a movie this brilliant and exuberant in the past 10 years. Once in a blue moon a movie gets everything exactly right; from the writing, casting, score, costumes, direction, cinematography, blocking etc. and this was it.  I honestly cannot give this movie justice with a description; it's something that you'll have to visualize yourself.    The two main actors Catinca Untaru (Alexandria) and Lee Pace (Roy), pulled off amazing characterizations and the interaction between the two couldn't be any better.    I honestly and truly cannot figure out why this movie is rated R. It has one curse word (damn), no sexuality of any kind and the violence is even more mild than what can be seen on any night of the week on network television. The only think that can remotely make it -R- rated is the seriousness of the subject of death, but that should only make it PG-13. I hope that everyone does eventually sees it even with the R rating. Yes it is an independent film, but it has all the qualities of major motion picture, if not better. I would LOVE to see Hollywood produce more films of this merit.
B000ETQR3Q|4.0|This is a great gun overall, but the extension is very bad, and the scope doesn't work. Putting on the extension might make the accuracy better, but not the range. If you want more range, take it off. Also, people say this gun jams a lot, but if you load it all the way, and hear the click all the time, it won't jam as much.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|Low key and with lesser-known performers but pretty true to the stage show -- a good take!
B0006419J6|5.0|this movie arrived in perfect condition and on time. I just wish they didn't put such a horribly sticky UPC tag on the sweet sleeve for the case.
0307346617|5.0|I suspect that I am in a minority that recalls the Mars Attacks and Dinosaurs Attack card sets.  For all I know, there was a zombie set as well.  In these sets, a vast world-affecting event plagues the human race with horrible tragedy and drama.  Each card would cover a different area of the world, and some wildly creative and unexpected takes on the events would be beautifully illustrated.  One wanted to collect them all, because if you missed out on a couple - you knew that some really fun stories would be missing from your experience of the overarching story.  The phenomenon of these collectible cards is the most fitting analogy to what is wonderful about World War Z that I can think of.  Rather than a nasty crunchy rectangle of gum, though - this book is best suited for an accompaniment of your favorite wine.     Dozens of vignettes - each elaborating on the state of a world of humans desperately trying to survive the zombie menace.  All very intelligently told, by a writer with an incredible breadth of knowledge about other cultures, military procedure, sociology, science and psychology.  My sole complaint is that each vignette almost begs to be a novel of its own, and I wish I could have spent more time with the characters and watching the progressions within the scenarios.  Not to say that they lack a satisfying conclusion, because they do not - the `point' of each section is crystal clear. They are amazingly original, as well - something hard to pull off since zombies have become the monster of choice in pop culture over the last 6 years or so (a resurgence from 20+ years ago).     I've read other zombie novels that came highly recommended - including a couple of the best selling books from a publishing company that actually tries to specialize in zombie fiction.  In my opinion, none of them hold a candle to WWZ - or a match, even.     Max Brooks has managed to create a story that taps into whatever social anxiety it is that makes these nasty shambling viral beasts into the monster of choice in western culture right now.  He takes the plague to its most logical and creative lengths, giving me my first truly satisfying zombie fix in book form.  It is also the first time I've seen a story bring humanity out the other side of such an outbreak - painfully and after much strife, and possibly (dare we dream it?) a changed set of beings.
031606792X|5.0|I started reading Twilight a week before Breaking Dawn came out, as soon as I knew it I had read all four of the books in a week.  I loved all of them and could not put them down.  I was very pleased with Breaking Dawn and was so relieved when none of the Cullens or The Pack were killed or hurt.  I found that while I was reading these books I felt so involoved that it would have been devastating if one of the characters would have been killed.  I also thought the pregnancy was a great twist.  Authors can only please some of the readers and if this book would have been different, there would still be other people complaining about the outcome. Stephenie Meyer got me to enjoy reading again and I will read everything that she ever writes.  I think that she is the best author I have ever read. I would recommend this whole series to anyone of any age, it is a great escape from everyday life and a great fantasy.  When the books were over it made me a little sad. I wish there could be four more books to read.   Heidi 33yrs Illinois
B001AJVR5M|5.0|The Jonas Brothers have been on top ever since their 2007 platinum-selling self-titled album, which was their first release from Hollywood Records. Despite their sophomore album being a phenom, their latest release, A Little Bit Longer, brings all the great sounds and music you'd expect from this multi-talented trio.     The album starts off with \\"BB Good,\\" which is a song that's most different from anything the Jonases have ever done, which is meant in a good way. Following the first track, is their hit single \\"Burnin' Up,\\" which keeps this album alive, and up-beat. But, of course the brothers slow things down on \\"Shelf,\\" and Nick Jonas' song dedicated to his diabetes, which is the title track, \\"A Little Bit Longer.\\"    Other standout tracks on this new album include \\"Lovebug,\\" which is my personal favorite. The song has a 60's/70's Alternative, coffee shop, feel. It's a very relaxed, fun, song to listen to. Also others like \\"One Man Show,\\" and \\"Tonight.\\"    Jonas Brothers fans will absolutely appreciate and love this new album. The Jonas Brothers have definitely put all their talent into this record, and it shows...clearly!    And lastly, parents this album is very age appropriate for the young 7-12 year old's. But, mostly, it is a great album for all ages who just enjoy Alternative/Rock music!    Click 'Yes' if you agree.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|After the very successful but uneven X&Y, Coldplay returned in 2008 with Viva La Vida. In hearing their previous three albums, there appeared to be more mood swings with each release. So in hindsight, it makes sense that they brought Brian Eno on board to help them fulfill their musical goals. His sonic landscapes added a new dimension to David Bowie's darker albums and to U2's best work and his partnership with Coldplay blossoms on Viva La Vida. It's worth noting that Coldplay, more than ever, sounds like a full band here as there's little emphasis on Chris Martin's piano hooks that had given them their hit singles. It also helps that the songs are much better this time around, not quite as good as those on A Rush of Blood to the Head but close. The title track is a beautiful tune with a great chorus and the strings provide great ambience. The hit single \\"Violet Hill\\" is another strong track, resembling Pink Floyd's later work both in bombast and Martin's vocals, which sound eerily like David Gilmour's.  The similarities to U2 are still evident here, particularly during the first part of \\"Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love\\" but not to the point of sounding like a ripoff.  \\"Lost\\" is another strong track, complemented well by both its organ line and John Buckland's guitar work. The standout track here, and one that won't be a hit single because it's too complex, is \\"42\\", which bounces between moods throughout its four minutes. Other great tracks include the depression into joy that is \\"Yes\\", the pretty \\"Strawberry Swing\\", and the haunting \\"Cemeteries of London.\\" All told, Viva La Vida is a return to form for Coldplay and is worth picking up.
031606792X|5.0|I think Stephanie Meyer did a wonderful job in writing this book!! I am not disappointed at all!!!! All i have to say is if you liked the first three you will love this one!!
4893580914|5.0|I have been studying japanese for the last five years, from high school thought my first year of college and see no end to this pass time in sight.  I have checked out numerous books and other materials on learning japanese and for learning kanji, none comes as close to perfect as this book and its sequels.  While it follows no textbook perfectly, this makes it able to be used by any learner of basic japanese.  By having the reader repeat writing the kanji and then providing extensive practice that has the reader use the kanji in context this book ensures that the kanji stay learned more than with other books.  Also the grammar patterns used in example sentences get progressively harder ensuring that the reader has example sentences suitable to an increasing proficiency with japanese.
B000G0O5N2|4.0|This is a well made film with compelling visuals shot in Africa, very good sound effects that depict the deadly noises of combat and a tight storyline.    The film, like the book, fails to depict the numbers of Somalis killed in the fighting.  Large numbers of Somali civilians died in the US v. Aidid militia combat.  Aidid's militia wore no uniforms and mingled amidst civilians, but massive US firepower did kill many innocents.    The gruesome dragging of dead US servicemen received and continues to receive attention but the dead Somalis are basically invisible.  Ridley Scott does present a few scenes of Somali suffering, such as the opening shot where starving villagers are shot up by a Technical .50 Cal, a young boy accidentally zaps his gun wielding father and a Somali man cradling a dead child walks by a retreating US HummVee.    A famous war cameraman, whose name I can't remember, stated in interviews that huge numbers of Somali elders and children perished under US air strikes and that led to the murder of an American cameraman.
031606792X|2.0|As a fan of the first three books, particularly Eclipse, I truly anticipated Breaking Dawn. Now I wish that I had stopped with Eclipse and left Bella and Edward's future to my imagination.    While I don't think Breaking Dawn warrants 1 star, there are too many problems with the plot, consistency, characters and overall writing for me to justify awarding more than 2 stars. After reading the various Q&A's Stephenie gave after Breaking Dawn's release, I can begrudgingly overcome some of these problems, but there are too many others, including a monumentally disappointing final \\"battle.\\"    *Spoilers!*      This is one long novel--not just in page count, but in terms of readers' patience, as well. Perhaps if it was split into two novels, the author could spend more time incorporating explanations for problematic plot twists--Renesme?--and strengthening character development rather than explaining herself endlessly after the book's publication. I didn't feel an overall arc to the plot--rather, this was like hitting key points in Bella's life (here's where she got married, where she first had sex, where she got pregnant, where she gave birth and was transformed, where she hunted, ad infinitum). There wasn't any thread throughout until partway through Book Three, when the !Volturi! threat began---and fizzled out.    The wedding was disappointing; I would have expected far more details given the level of anticipation for this event. There's no description of the wedding dress--but there was for Alice's outfit! Renee was a joke--flies in for the day of the wedding, with just enough time to help Bella put some combs in her hair, and that's it? Jasper, the vampire with the most difficulty with humans, picked her and Phil up from the airport? Rose did Bella's hair--with little explanation why she was suddenly nice? Or was this a ham-fisted attempt at foreshadowing their pregnancy partnership?    The Volturi were a great addition to the books--the \\"vampire police\\" were a fascinating concept and I enjoyed learning more about their backgrounds, operations, and the question of their true motivations where the Cullens/Renesme were concerned. However, the final confrontation was so drawn out it became boring. We learned more about them before the confrontation than we did during the confrontation itself. Finally, when it looked like the payoff would take place (Renesme and Jacob run-off; everyone declares their last words of love), Alice swoops in with another half-vamp and Aro says \\"my bad, nothing to see here, move on!\\" Everyone cheers and leaves, yet don't we suspect that the Volturi will somehow exact revenge on the witnesses? It's all very unresolved and unsatisfying.    Also problematic in Book Three is the sudden introduction of a plethora of new vampires and superpowers. While it's exciting to witness more interaction with the Denali clan, it's difficult to keep everyone straight (thus the index--maybe that should have been a sign!). Book Three is a dramatic departure from everything before: a new major character (Renesme) and tens of new minor characters; SuperVampBella who behaves opposite of human Bella; half the characters have some type of superpower they practice with each other; all the rules are changing (Bella's \\"private mind\\" can be breached by Renesme; newborns don't really need to be so bloodthirsty; werewolves are really shapeshifters; packs can break apart, reform, communicate, not communicate in whatever fashion is convenient for the plot; etc.), Charlie's okay with all the supernatural weirdness; there are several half-breeds alive, if you just know where to look; etc.    I expected Bella to change in obvious and less-obvious ways after becoming a vampire, but almost nothing of human Bella continued in SuperVampireBella. It's not enough that her clumsiness is gone now that everything physical is easy; Bella is extraordinarily beautiful, has what turns out to be the most helpful superpower in the confrontation by extending it out to everyone she wishes, can let Edward into her thoughts, has almost no insecurities anymore, can easily and smoothly charm a lawyer, and has perfect self-control from day one.    I know we're to buy that because Bella has mentally prepared to become a vegetarian vampire she can go without the typical newborn process, but she goes to Carlisle lengths, and Carlisle is to be extraordinary among vampires. She doesn't twitch or cry out in pain during her transformation, she stops mid-first hunt and runs away from human temptation--a feat Edward claims even mature vampires sometimes can't do, and can balance her \\"distractions\\" (i.e., need for blood, sex) from the very first day--a process that Edward, again, claims often takes years to achieve. Bella even learns to manipulate and extend her superpower in a very short amount of time. So easy for her--no true obstacles, she just rationally decides how she wants it to be, and makes it so. Not only is Bella unrelatable because she is no longer human, she's not even a particularly relatable vampire!    After all the build-up over concerns about moving to Alaska and avoiding people, bets on casualties, etc., Bella is \\"herself\\" and in perfect control of her bloodlust, plus the nifty bonus that she still wants Edward above all desires from the very moment he kisses her. No more mentions of Edward's concern about damned souls or lost humanity, no real mourning over losing face-to-face contact with Renee--after all, she has Charlie again! So, where's the drama? Oh, right, with the Volturi. And all they needed was a group of SuperFriends and a deuce ex-machina in the form of a South American vampire/human.    Charlie wasn't himself--since when does a chief of police not know how to get info from the CDC? Jake transforms in front of him (and isn't that a big no-no? some of the werewolves' parents don't even know!) and he takes it calmly--just don't tell him more than he needs to know! Again, he's the chief of police--yes,he's always overlooked many things he doesn't really want to think about, but doesn't he have some concern about public safety, what with huge wolves around?    And what about those \\"werewolves?\\" After the massive build-up and tension in Book Two over the pack split, a quick sentence or two from Bella reveals that suddenly everyone is happy again  because Jake imprinted on Renesme. All the discord in LaPush and among the werewolves and between Sam's pack and the Cullens is brushed away like it never really happened. So happy is everyone, in fact, that Sam and Jake can communicate telepathically, but only what they want, when they want. Convenient. Also, why the big reveal that they are actually \\"shapeshifters?\\" What purpose does that serve? It's random and unsettling, dropped in just at the end of the story.    The writing itself was subpar: vague, little variety in adjectives, poor grammar and spelling, stale dialogue. Bella doesn't stop to reflect on her experiences or behavior. Book Two sloshes through repetitive mush of how much physical pain Bella is in, how much psychological pain Jake and Edward are in, how dangerous the situation is, etc. Throughout Books Two and Three, conversations tend to drag on, particularly between the wolves, yet by the end, there's little discussion between Bella and Edward of their new reality as parents and how it has presumably changed their relationship.    Finally, as many have mentioned, there is the problem of the ending itself. I'm all for happy endings, but we've been told in these novels for so long that there will be consequences to Bella's choices. There's absolutely no realism left by Book Three, no satisfying payoff to the Volturi conflict, and then Bella ends up with everything she could possibly want, with no compromises, no consequences, and nothing negative for any of the Forks/LaPush crowd.    In the end, there were a few scenes that worked for me--Isle Esme, the birth, the transformation, the final scene with Bella and Edward---but not enough to rise above a meager 2-star review.
0123694965|5.0|The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses Is an awesome addition to the library of anyone, not just in the game industry, but in the themed entertainment industry as a whole.  Chapters are clearly laid out, full of useful and most importantly practical information. Jesse's many years in the industry are evident as most sections of the book reference examples from his own experience. The tone of the book is easy going and open-minded, Jesse never \\"preaches\\" game design theory but rather explores it with you, the reader, and allows you to reach your own conclusions.     Perhaps the best part of this book is the lenses (which are detailed in the book and can be purchased separately in a handy \\"deck of cards\\" format). Particularly after you've read the book, these cards become a wonderful distilled version of the book's main design lenses. These lenses allow you to view your design in 100 different ways, many of which I promise you've never would have thought of. This is a very valuable tool kit for any designer.       Noobs and veterans' alike will find plenty to discover with in his book. When I have some free time I often find myself cracking the spine and simply picking a chapter at random, I always learn something new when I do.
B000001FDK|5.0|My daughter and I went to the drive-in about 50 times one summer to watch Grease.  We would pack a cooler with food and drinks and watch it each time like it was our first.  Many years later, this was a birthday gift for her, and we watched it together for the first time---AGAIN!    Cindy
B000006TRV|4.0|The best Pink Floyd album in the post [[ASIN:B00008CLOA Dark Side of the Moon]] years, this relentlessly bleak and bitter rock opera is three sides of angst and anger is so meticulously produced that - some 25 years later - it still strikes nerves. Be it Roger Waters' working through his own personal disintegration (the oft-repeated story of his spitting on a fan who kept screaming through acoustic passages), to a life-story of a rock-star with a bad/oppressive childhood or yet another glance askance at the band's lingering emotional weight about Syd Barrett, \\"The Wall\\" looks at the many ways we barricade ourselves.<br /><br />Theatrically produced by Bob Ezrin ([[ASIN:B000001EL3 KISS]], [[ASIN:B000002I99 Alice Cooper]]), it also found the Floydians tightening their songs from meandering electronic experiments - think the multi-part \\"Shine on You Crazy Diamond\\" from [[ASIN:B000024D4S Wish You Were Here]] - to the point where \\"Another Brick In The Wall Pt 2\\" unwittingly became a hit. It also found songs kicking up the tempo to the point were some of these compositions actually \\"rocked.\\" \\"Run Like Hell\\" and \\"In The Flesh?\\" became AOR staples despite their segueing into each other. But some of the other songs were so perfect that they have become classics (or played to death, depending on your POV), like \\"Comfortably Numb\\" or \\"Hey You.\\" Also, like so many of Bob Ezrin's best work, he pulls amazingly theatrical performances, particular the vocals. Waters' tortured wail on \\"Don't Leave Me Now\\" can give you shivers.<br /><br />The theatricity is also the album's final undoing. On the original double LP, it was side four that could not hold \\"The Wall's\\" weight. The operatic \\"Waiting For The Worms/Stop/The Trial\\" climax flies so over-the-top that it becomes the weakest brick. It's also kind of telling that, in [[ASIN:B0006ZE7G2 Pink Floyd - The Wall Movie]], it's almost entirely animated. It's as if it was so unrealistic as to be incapable of being portrayed by actual humans. And as the protagonist rocker (\\"Pink,\\" who seems to be a snide reminder of the \\"Which one's Pink\\" line on [[ASIN:B000024D4S Wish You Were Here]]) slowly drifts into emotional fascism, the mental/musical bombast of this CD overshoots itself.<br /><br />Be that as it may, \\"The Wall\\" has few equals when it comes to the insistent self-loathing of self-centered rock and roll stars; perhaps [[ASIN:B000001Y5Z The Downward Spiral]] comes closest. Perhaps the bleakest thing about \\"The Wall\\" is that Pink Floyd/Waters sees all this as a viscous cycle...the first words on the album are \\"we came in?\\" and the last ones are \\"Isn't this where...\\" Now if THAT isn't depressing, then what is?otagonist rocker (\\"Pink,\\" who seems to be a snide reminder of the \\"Which one's Pink\\" line on [[ASIN:B000024D4S Wish You Were Here]]) slowly drifts into emotional fascism, the mental/musical bombast of this CD overshoots itself.    Be that as it may, \\"The Wall\\" has few equals when it comes to the insistent self-loathing of self-centered rock and roll stars; perhaps [[ASIN:B000001Y5Z The Downward Spiral]] comes closest. Perhaps the bleakest thing about \\"The Wall\\" is that Pink Floyd/Waters sees all this as a viscous cycle...the first words on the album are \\"we came in?\\" and the last ones are \\"Isn't this where...\\" Now if THAT isn't depressing, then what is?
B00168HARG|5.0|There is still hope for American tv. It's small but it's still there. In the age of \\"we don't want to pay actors it is much more profitable to film idiots who can't sing or fall off giant rubber balls\\" or any of the other nonsense that passes for prime time programming nowadays we do have our high budget gems. Sopranos back in the day, Carnivale, Deadwood, Rome and now Sarah Conner. I was actually surprised to see this on Fox. It is so far beyond the usual idiotfest they normally feed the masses.    Summer Glau makes this work and alone redeems the franchise after T3.    Good stuff.
B000I0QKDS|5.0|Jeff Beck's [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] (1968) is a critically-acclaimed and influential piece of work that features some great performances and historically rocks the blues. There are some great moments on this album, that's for sure.<br /><br />It also frustratingly lacks direction and purpose as a whole album. [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] is all over the place and there's not a lot of cohesiveness, and no concept. At times, it seems like it's a well organized all-star jam session that doesn't have any mission at all, other than to highlight the great performances.<br /><br />Jeff Beck had already made a name for himself as a guitar hero while working as a session player and as a member of The Yardbirds when he replaced Eric Clapton in the group. After leaving The Yardbirds, he formed The Jeff Beck Group featuring vocalist Rod Stewart, bassist Ronnie Wood, pianist Nicky Hopkins and drummer Micky Waller. A \\"back before they were famous\\" group of rock n' roll hall of famers. [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] was the The Jeff Beck Group's first album.<br /><br />The best songs on [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] are the heavy blues-rockers. Let Me Love You, You Shook Me, Blues De Luxe and I Ain't Superstitious are all great stuff. The album's opener, Shapes Of Things, is a great rockin' track, and the Beck/Stewart original, Rock My Plimsoul, is a solid piece of work, too.<br /><br />Old Man River seems oddly out of place on the album, but Rod Stewart's moving vocal performance saves the song, and makes it surprisingly good. Beck tacks on the solo acoustic guitar instrumental, Gleensleeves, at the end of River, and that's pretty good. The Spanish influenced electronic-effects guitar instrumental, Beck's Bolero, sort of comes out of nowhere, too, but it's a solid track, and features performances by Keith Moon, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] was Rod Stewart's first full album recording ever, and his gritty, authentically bluesy and passionate vocal performance actually saves the album from being little more than an interesting, although distinctive, early heavy-metal and blues-rock guitar artifact. Ron Wood's bass playing on the album is also remarkable, and that it doesn't get any more attention than it does is puzzling. At times, he even outshines Beck, who's guitar playing is extraordinarily spot on, especially considering this was 1968.<br /><br />This 2006 remastered reissue is the definitive edition, and the sound is excellent. It also includes eight bonus tracks, and the best of these are the bluesy I've Been Drinking and the outtake versions of You Shook Me and Blues De Luxe. Beck's take on Love Is Blue is also interesting in a quirky sort of way.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] is a must-have album for Jeff Beck, Rod Stewart and Ron Wood fans or anybody who's interested in the early evolution of heavy-metal and blues-rock guitar and the conception of the Led Zeppelin sound. But besides it's influence and importance, [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] also just has a lot of great blues-rock tunes that are definitely worth hearing. Jeff Beck would later move on to his true calling of jazz fusion and record [[ASIN:B00005AREP Wired]] and [[ASIN:B000002546 Blow by Blow]], two of his most popular and critically-aclaimed albums, but [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] still stands as a pre-heavy metal blues-rock monument, and his most influential work.om being little more than an interesting, although distinctive, early heavy-metal and blues-rock guitar artifact. Ron Wood's bass playing on the album is also remarkable, and that it doesn't get any more attention than it does is puzzling. At times, he even outshines Beck, who's guitar playing is extraordinarily spot on, especially considering this was 1968.     This 2006 remastered reissue is the definitive edition, and the sound is excellent. It also includes eight bonus tracks, and the best of these are the bluesy I've Been Drinking and the outtake versions of You Shook Me and Blues De Luxe. Beck's take on Love Is Blue is also interesting in a quirky sort of way.    [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] is a must-have album for Jeff Beck, Rod Stewart and Ron Wood fans or anybody who's interested in the early evolution of heavy-metal and blues-rock guitar and the conception of the Led Zeppelin sound. But besides it's influence and importance, [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] also just has a lot of great blues-rock tunes that are definitely worth hearing. Jeff Beck would later move on to his true calling of jazz fusion and record [[ASIN:B00005AREP Wired]] and [[ASIN:B000002546 Blow by Blow]], two of his most popular and critically-aclaimed albums, but [[ASIN:B000I0QKDS Truth]] still stands as a pre-heavy metal blues-rock monument, and his most influential work.
B0002KPIQY|5.0|Wow Wow Wow. Angelina Jolie really pulls it off in this gorgeously moving biographical role of Gia Carangi, one of the worlds top and late model of the modern era. It's up close and personal. A got to have if your a Jolie fan and for an inside look at model fame.
0375815996|5.0|We adopted a little girl from abroad.  She is still a toddler and too young to discuss adoption.  We got her this book to see how she would react.  It has become her favorite that she MUST have read to her every night.  We feel it is helping resolve issues she might have with being adopted.  She especially likes that she can take control of the little bird herself and move it through the scenes to its mother.
B00009Z574|3.0|The inner-turmoil of the band played itself out on this September 1978 release, which found its way into album cut-out bins within a year, though it peaked at #10 on the U.S. album chart.<br /><br />It was the last studio album for a number of years for Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman, with the feuds getting to the point where band members would have individual limousine service while on tour and most dialogue was confined to on-stage banter with the audience.<br /><br />The highlight of the eight numbers is Don't Kill the Whale - which was issued as a single - a hard-edged piece that clicks with Anderson's searing vocal. Included in the bonus tracks is the B-side to the single, Abilene. The majority of the extra material was eventually re-worked for release on other projects.<br /><br />The inclusion of additional tracks nearly doubles the 41:35 running time of the original album. While far from the best the group has to offer, Rhino has done an excellent job in making it an interesting remastered CD.
031606792X|5.0|i do not know how people could say that this book was bad. i absolutely loved this book i am crying over the fact that theres not another book. i was so glad she got turned in to a vampire and the baby well the baby just toped it off. this book by far was the best book. i personally think the ending of this book was very good i was sad to see it end but i loved the way it ended. i wish she would write another book. definitely the best series i have ever read. i am going to read the book again. this book is to die for.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|...for the occasional lows.<br /><br />Doctor Who: Series Four was, in my opinion, superior to the previous three series'. Yes, there were low points, but each series has had those. For this series, the writers - as a collective whole - did a fantastic job of dropping clues here and there, and there was a sense of anticipation as the series went from one episode to the next; quite simply, the building up to the finale was masterfully done.<br /><br />After a questionable start, Catherine Tate really kicked it into high-gear as the newest companion, Donna Noble, and she has become my favorite companion of the revived series. Donna brought a maturity, wisdom and warmth, as well as a sense of humor, that Rose and Martha simply could not deliver. She also wasn't trotting behind the Doctor, all pie-eyed like a puppy dog, completely infatuated with him, and that was a welcome change. To me, Donna was in it for the sheer joy and adventure, in the greatest tradition of the Doctor Who legacy, and I am reminded of one of her lines from 'Planet of the Ood:' \\"A rocket! A real proper rocket! It's like...you've got a blue box...he's got a Ferrari! Let's see where he's goin'!\\" Love that!<br /><br />The stand-out episodes of the season are: 'The Fires of Pompeii,' 'Planet of the Ood,' and 'The Wasp and The Unicorn' - all very well written. The two episodes: 'Silence in the Library' and 'Forest of the Dead' were both penned by the new Who Chief, Steven Moffat, and definitely stand above the pack; 'Midnight' was especially creepy and delved into the unseemlier traits of human behavior and mini-mob mentality in an unknown situation, and the chilling synchronicity between the Doctor and Skye will send a shiver down your spine - guaranteed. The final three episodes were the best of the finales we've seen so far, filled with visceral imagery and more than snappy dialogue - most of which takes place between David Tennant and Catherine Tate, who are simply spot on - kudos to Russell T. Davies for some fabulous writing there.<br /><br />Which now leaves the weaklings of the bunch: 'Partners in Crime,' 'The Sontaran Strategem' and 'The Poison Sky.' While the Sontaran episodes started off fairly strong, 'The Poison Sky' descended into a bit more camp for my taste. Then there's 'The Doctor's Daughter.' I was really hoping for more depth than the episode ultimately offered - it felt hurried and a bit desperate to create a new character for future story lines, and I think they missed a really good chance to delve into the character of the Doctor in some ways, but, oh well.<br /><br />Overall, however, I simply cannot complain about this series (except for the way it ended for Donna...a most awful, tragic and unfair end to any companion's reign, in my book; but that's a personal beef, since I really loved the way Donna's character evolved over the course of the series), and in my mind it completely eclipses the previous three. I will say, the presence of Martha on and off was a bit of a needless addition and the return of Rose was incidental, with the final resolution for her character being a bit of a cop-out, but giving Rose fans what they wanted; and, Russell T. Davies DID do a nice job in tying up the loose ends from his era at the helm, while leaving plenty of red herrings out there for future writers to expound upon, should they choose to.<br /><br />On the whole, this series was darker, edgier, more mature, with a sharper sense of humor, and the continuity was nearly flawless. David Tennant has laid claim to the role in a way that Christopher Eccleston did not and I feel a great amount of pity for the actor who ultimately follows in his footsteps. The word \\"impossible\\" comes to mind, or at least, \\"extremely difficult.\\" It's going to be a challenge down the road, I'm sure.<br /><br />On the upside, the series is moving into the more than capable, award winning hands of Steven Moffat, the writer of 'The Empty Child' and 'The Doctor Dances' from SeriesOne, 'The Girl in the Fireplace' from Series Two, and 'Blink' from Series Three (for which he won a BAFTA), as well as the gems from this current series.<br /><br />And while change is never easy for us life-long Whovians, I, for one, am more than excited to see where he takes it! He's a brilliant, fantastically imaginative writer and I think it's going to be ~ Molto Bene ~ Very good, indeed!<br /><br />Unfortunately, it's going to seem like a very long wait! May 2010 arrive sooner rather than later!'Blink' from Series Three (for which he won a BAFTA), as well as the gems from this current series.    And while change is never easy for us life-long Whovians, I, for one, am more than excited to see where he takes it! He's a brilliant, fantastically imaginative writer and I think it's going to be ~ Molto Bene ~ Very good, indeed!    Unfortunately, it's going to seem like a very long wait! May 2010 arrive sooner rather than later!
0525950079|5.0|World Without End was extremely engaging. It was entertaining and took me through a wide range of emotions. Ken Follet masterfully takes readers into the psychological make up of his characters. This includes the heros that you love and the trouble makers/villians that frustrate. The book was also historically informative. I loved how the author gave insight and perspective to a very truamatic episode in history.
031606792X|2.0|This book was a big disappointment.  The first 3 books were fantastic.  I couldn't put them down.  This one I struggled to get through.  The story dragged along and wasn't interesting.  Since it is the final book in the series I realize storylines needed to be wrapped up, but I think that could have been done in a more entertaining and exciting way.
B000055XMF|5.0|There are any number of reasons why rock concept albums do not necessarily translate to cinema, but director Franc Roddam takes the double-album of the same name from The Who and delivers a classic and timeless exploration of rebellion and turf warfare.<br /><br />With the backdrop of the early-1960s clashes between the Mods and Rockers, Roddam masterfully utilizes the music and coming-of-age themes to weave a story that transcends the era being chronicled.<br /><br />The impressions from the viewer comes from the lens that is worn - youth, misfit, in-crowd, adult, class - which is arguably the most intriguing aspect of this scorched field of teenage wasteland.
031606792X|5.0|I picked up my copy of Breaking Dawn at Midnight August 2, like many many thousands of fans and, of course, raced home to read it.     (Spoilers Follow)            By 1:30 am I was completely engrossed, eventually falling asleep with my face in the book. Meyer (thankfully) put the wedding scene in the very beginning of the book. I think after all this time waiting, (How long has it been...almost four years?) it was about time! I dont think I could have stood to wait any longer. It was beautifully planned and I thought it fit the characters well. The honeymoon was very tasteful (Well done Meyer!). I love that Meyer kept her younger fans in mind when she wrote this chapter, and that she kept basic moral values when writing to a large audience. I can imagine there might have been some pressure on Meyer to create a more vivid love scene, but it was balanced perfectly for the younger and older age ranges of the readers.               The big surprise for me was when we flipped into Jacob's Book.  I wasn't expecting this, but I was actually very happy to get to see more of his side of the story. In the end of Eclipse, Meyer delves slightly into Jacob's head and, at first, that bugged me a little. But as I read his book in Breaking Dawn, it made me realize just how crucial it was to see things from his point of view. I have never been a Jacob fan. I thought him always a little too pushy, a little too whiny, a little too rude, and I only liked him in wolf form when all he could do was give big wolfy grins and whimper and remind me of my weet German Shepherd, But this part of the book gave me a lot of respect for the kid.  Then again, he also did some growing up.     The alpha twist and the truce with Leah was fun to read, and Im glad I got to see that side  of both Jacob AND Leah. One thing was brought up that was not answered thoroughly, however, and maybe I just missed it but, when Seth and Leah joined Jacobs pack, Seth was second in command. By the end, it was Leah running at Jake's right flank. It wasnt clear to me how or when this happened, but I was happy none-the-less. This was actually my favorite part of the whole book (A surprise for me-An avid Team Edward member).     Meyer did wonderful job keeping Jacob's imprinting a secret. I can usually predict what is going to happen next, and this was a huge surprise up until the actual moment when it happened. I also love how Meyer makes us feel like we are there with him We can feel what he is feeling as the center of his world shifts and all of a sudden, it was not  gravity holding him to the Earth, but the Cullen's baby. Nice!            In regards to all the drama surrounding the baby I have a few comments First, I was never one to see Bella as a mother, but i felt for her as she suffered through the deadly pregnancy. I am not a mother and so I dont know what maternal instincts feel like but Meyer had me convinced that this was what Bella needed, and that is impressive! Second, I love how Meyer factored Jacob into pregnancy with the imprinting. And, of course, who could forget Edward begging Jacob to 'stud himself out' to Bella! I was happy to be able to have a good laugh over that one in the middle of all this angst.    I never expected Bella to go to College. Her pact with the Cullens was that, right after high school they would marry, and Bella would become a vampire. College factors in much later--how many degrees does Edward have? So bottom line- yes, we would to send a message to our children that  going to college and getting a good foundation for the rest of your life  is the way to go and then get married and have kids. But this is a book about vampires! Bella has the rest of her life and Edward has a centuries worth of school and work to support while she goes. They talked about going to Dartmouth, and the plan was still there when the book ended. I dont understand all this drama surrounding this whole having a baby first and college second deal. She's still going, isnt she? The whole issue with Jacob was that he could gave Bella a family. Now she has a family. Her picture perfect, happy family.     And it brought Jacob the love of his existence. An amazing twist, but I am happy for it.          On that note. Noone is going to deny that Renesmee is a terrible name. This is the one thing in the book I could not stand. Thank goodness for Jacob coining the nickname \\"Nessie.\\" I love that Nessie is able to unite the Cullens and the wolves in a way that Bella always wanted to and never could. I almost felt Bella was standing in the kitchen with those two magnets again, forcing them together, and Nessie was a little string that wrapped around them and bonded them tight. There are some people out there who think the imprinting is gross. Like Pedophelia. And I would like to point out that thinking that is disturbing. We were introduced to this with Quil and Clare, And we even got to see their relationship in the beginning of Breaking Dawn. Like Jacob said, he will be the best big brother any little girl ever had. When she gets a little, her best friend and confidante. And then, when the time is right and Clare and Nessie are old enough, they will fall in love and get married. It was made very clear that it was nothing sexual. At all.              The last part of the book was so vivid with detail I had a hard time keeping up. Vampires of different cultures coming and going, the threat of the volturi, Irina's revenge, realizing and expanding Bella's Power,  Alice taking off, it was a lot to take in. I found myself reading slower so I can process it all better. I have yet to find any plot holes that made any impact to the story whatsoever. I was very happy  to see Irina stand up with  her sisters after all, even though it meant death. I was very much looking forward to a great fight scene, but after all the breath-holding for the first part of the book, I was glad I was able to loosen my tension when it didnt happen. Though I would have loved to see Demetri not make it through And maybe Jane.            Id like to take a moment to thank Meyer for Charlie. That man gives me a good laugh every time he speaks, specifically because he is so out of loop but chooses to remain there. Jacob says, Man, you wouldnt believe whats going on! And Charlie says, What I dont know cant kill me, so long as I get to keep my daughter and grandbaby, never mind that she's half immortal and ages like someone spikes her meals with miracle gro!            The fact that Meyer was able to take this vampire novel, full of fire and  angst, and give it a (albeighit twisted) fairy tale ending, proves what a literary genius Meyer is. I was nervous at the end of Eclipse, fearing that Meyer had written the story into the completely unimaginable, but it is my firm belief that she did an amazing job making it work and giving the story the closure we have been longing for with the Happy Ending I was so desperately hoping for
B000BHN7DE|5.0|I love both CD's that are included with this item--- the \\"album\\" version cd is awesome-- a great compilation of all of the previous albums all in one place-  the Dance Mix CD is great for the office and the car-- will really get you dancing and energized--  BTW the book is beautiful-- my STR8 guy friends love to come and look at for the nice pic of her back in her nightey-WHOO HOOOOO
B000NY12LO|4.0|I think I liked the concept of My Sister's Keeper better, but the writing was beautiful.
0143039504|5.0|I was looking for an edition of Austen's collected works that fit well in my hands, and this fits the bill. The pages are crisp, clean and the typeset is quite handsome (rather easy on the eyes). It isn't too heavy or bulky and the pages don't unknowingly flail out of place--causing you to lose your spot. For the layperson, the introduction is an added benefit, but if you're smart you'll just skip right to desert and dive into Austen.<br /><br />On a side note: My copy has been through quite the beating. Several cherry danishes were inadvertently smashed into the pages, a glass of water was spilled and to top it all off: I dragged it all around the Americas while traveling this summer. So, believe it or not--it still looks brand new.
B0002V7OI8|3.0|This film is sad. Not sad as in pathetic. Sad. I didn't cry as much as the first (and subsequent) times I saw Armageddon, which gets me no matter how many times I watch it. Ben Affleck cries - that's me. Can't handle seeing a man cry.<br /><br />The difference between Armageddon and Deep Impact is that Deep Impact is a comet, and also that there's a year and a half between finding out about the comet, before something is sent up to destroy the comet. Armageddon is based over a period of 18 days? Something like that. I did feel that Deep Impact was a lot slower paced than Armageddon, and the first half of the movie is deliberately slow it seems, but then it seems all rushed towards the end.<br /><br />The cast do mostly well, but not Elijah Wood. Another of my least favourite actors. He just cannot act in my opinion.<br /><br />There's quite a few sad scenes in this including the estranged and his daughter, coming together and admitting some truths to each other, along the lines of \\"I stole $32 from your wallet\\" and \\"I dropped you on your head as a child\\". Which prompted my dad to tell me that it put me on his shoulders (when I was still small enough to do that) and smacked my head off the bus stop sign. That explains all my problems. The simple scenes with Morgan Freeman (playing the president) and his moving words.<br /><br />These kind of movies always get to me. I mean, what would you do if extinction was just around the corner? I think when Armageddon first came out at the cinema, I cracked up for a couple of days afterwards, thinking that something like that was going to happen for real. These films always have the same effect (Day After Tomorrow was another memorable one), although I try to push it out of my head as quickly as possible, cos I think I would go stir crazy.<br /><br />I didn't really feel for any of the characters in the first half of the movie. I was basically ticking off the different ways they could die. But it's the second half the film really comes into its own. There's all the sob stories, the underage marriage, the estranged dad, etc. The marriage between Elijah and Leelee Sobieski's characters nearly broke my heart, as I felt that something was going to happen to them. But their story did feel slightly rushed, and apparently some of their scenes were left on the cutting room floor, due to poor response from test audience. How? I think the film would have benefited from more of their story.<br /><br />Armageddon will probably always overshadow Deep Impact in terms of storyline, effects and big name stars. And although I love Armageddon (I've seen it so many times), Deep Impact, apart from the very slow start, was still good. I'll heartily disagree with all the bad reviews. Switch your brain off and watch.ob stories, the underage marriage, the estranged dad, etc. The marriage between Elijah and Leelee Sobieski's characters nearly broke my heart, as I felt that something was going to happen to them. But their story did feel slightly rushed, and apparently some of their scenes were left on the cutting room floor, due to poor response from test audience. How? I think the film would have benefited from more of their story.    Armageddon will probably always overshadow Deep Impact in terms of storyline, effects and big name stars. And although I love Armageddon (I've seen it so many times), Deep Impact, apart from the very slow start, was still good. I'll heartily disagree with all the bad reviews. Switch your brain off and watch.
0743496736|1.0|Seriously, I was feeling ill and it had nothing to do with the blood and gore content of the book.  It was because the book was so huge and the writing so bad and confusing I had a huge headache trying to get through everything and then having to flip back pages whenever I got confused (mainly due to the intro of a character or whatnot).  The book was 400 pages of cliche cliche cliche.  Every single cliche from shows such as \\"Degrassi\\" was 'lovingly' jammed into this story that was to mainly focuse on school shootings and at the same time cliches from other films such as \\"Elephant\\" are jammed into the mix as well to make this book much longer and pointless than it already was.    And Jodi Picoult says that she did research on the subject...PUH-LEASE!  All she did judging from the writing of this novel was grab a bunch of old newspapers from past school shootings and used that.  This book is not the best representation on the subject. Then again, I dont think that there has ever been a good book or movie on the subject.  The twist wasnt all that great, a bit too predictable.  Something tells me that Jodie Picoult is on her way to being the M. Night Shamalayn of the published novel industry.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|When I saw the Timothy Dalton version of Jane Eyre, I thought, Well, that was good. I liked it. And when I heard that a new version would be playing on TV, I thought it might be interesting to watch.<br /><br />I was blown away. I can't find anything wrong with this version of Jane Eyre, and although there have been complaints that Toby Stephens is too good looking to be Rochester... honestly, people... what's wrong with that? ;D.<br /><br />Ruth Wilson is perfect as Jane, and Toby is perfect as Rochester. Their chemistry is also perfect.<br /><br />I don't have one bad thing to say about it, I really don't.
0307277887|2.0|Having watched Dexter Season 1, I decided to read the source novel in preparation for Season 2 coming out on DVD.  I was Deeply Disappointed.  This is a readable page-turner and most of the core elements of TV Dexter are here, but the novel lacks the depth and wit of the TV adapation.  The Dexter, Deb and Harry dynamic is the same and their whole backstory is here, but all the other characters are two-dimensional compared with the TV adaptation.  Rita is introduced but falls away after a few appearances, LaGuerta is shallow, Doakes is shallower still, Angel is almost entirely missing, Rita's husband Paul is not here at all, and the character of the Ice Truck Killer / Tamiami Butcher is not well fleshed out (excuse the pun).  The charm and personality of Dexter Morgan is present here, but much else is missing.  For the best introduction to Dexter... get the [[ASIN:B000Q6GUW0 Dexter - The First Season]] DVD!
B0017I1FO4|5.0|This is an awsome cd.  I enjoy listening to it on a regular basis.  I think that I will still be rockin to this cd well into old age!
1400049628|5.0|PURE GENIUS...IF YOU ARE A FAN OF ZOMBIE FILMS OR ANTICIPATING AN OUTBREAK OF LIVING DEAD IN YOUR AREA: YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK. IT IS VERY FUNNY AND YOU WILL FIND MANY CLEVER INSIGHTS TO ZOMBIE SURVIVAL.
0553582038|3.0|I do not feel as though I could ever give any less stars than three for such a brilliant author as Martin.  However, I do agree with most of the reviews that this book just did not make the cut.  I really loved the first three books, and had a hard time putting them down.  This fourth book took me awhile to read, as I had a hard time getting into it.  I am very hopeful, as are most Martin fans, that book five will probably knock our socks off.  Maybe this book was just a bad dream. This book tended to go on and on and really lose sight of the point.  Martin probably could have shortened this book to 500 pages, and gotten his point accross just as well.  Well, lets hope book five is out sooner than later.  I am sure that Martin will redeem himself with that book.
031606792X|1.0|This just may be the worst book ever written. As a huge fan of the other three books, this was not only a colossal disappointment but a huge slap in the face. Why write the the two middle books (New Moon and Eclipse) to completely throw your own logic out the window and murder your own characters?    The main problem is none of the characters behave like themselves-I felt like I wandered into a completely different series. The other three books show us that with love comes sacrifice, and people get hurt-even if you don't mean for them to. If Bella chooses to become an immortal, then she gives up her family,  her chance to have a baby (vampires can't reproduce, right Meyer?), her relationship with Jacob..everything. And Edward has to make the decision to end her life, right?    WRONG! Not only does Edward not have to make the decision to 'change her' (hey why not, she's dying anyway!), she magically gets pregnant, Jacob 'imprints' (don't get me going on this travesty) on Renesmee (yes, that's the baby's name-for real) and has a two month old soul mate, Charlie is ok with the whole mess (Emmett-let's go catch some sports!), Bella's mother is never mentioned,  AND BElla is the most seasoned Vampire EVER and makes the transition seamlessly. What takes others years she manages to do in days...what??    The real tragedy was Jacob's character. His story ended with Eclipse. Why did she  have to drag him into this fail? His heart was broken, he admitted defeat, and ran off into the sunset. Making him a slave and a pedophile IS NOT A HAPPY ENDING! Leave him with an ounce of dignity! Do you really expect us to believe he could just leave his feelings for Bella at the door like that? What happened to free will?    And Meyer decided in Book 4 she was writing a fairy-tale? How was this book happy for anyone? Bella dies, Jacob becomes enslaved to a toddler, Edward is hardly even present, Charlie is reduced to a 'don't ask don't tell' moron, and the other characters have nothing happen to them at all. It's all quite depressing if you ask me, and not in a good way. Oh, and don't forget the battle that never was with the Volturi.    Meyer had a real chance to do something here, and she blew it. No wonder this book is known around the internet as Epic Fail. I completely agree!     CAN WE GET  DO OVER???
B001B2U1AA|5.0|I ordered this two pack when it was a feature gold box deal and I'm glad I did.  The collector's edition of the Holy Grail includes a disc full of laugh out loud funny extras, as well as film clipping, a copy of the script, and many other fun extras.  The Life of Brian, another Python classic also includes many DVD extras, though no scripts or anything like that.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|This is so awesome that I can finally put this on my iPod.  With the Digital Copy.  I can put it on and if I am bored I just can play it on my iPod and have a great time.   I love this movie.  I had it on VHS then my VCR stopped working.  So this is so awesome.  This is hard to find on DVD.
031606792X|1.0|As an English teacher, this book should never have been published.  The novel was full of typos and mistakes.  To make matters worse, the rules that the author set up in the first three novels that ruled her world were strewn aside in an attempt to provide a neat and happy ending.  Please read some of the other comments here that refer to the plot holes.  If Ms. Meyers wanted to end her series this way, she shouldn't have bothered to continue the story in book 2 and 3.  This novel is anti-climatic and awful.  There are new characters and plot lines introduced in the last pages that are never resolved.  Please tell me that she isn't going to squeak out another book or start a new series from these pages.  I highly doubt that it will succeed since she easily alienated her readers.  I would expect more from my high school seniors writing fiction than what Breaking Dawn offered.
B001BWDG0W|5.0|This was a great movie and absolutely was followed with a great soundtrack.  I love the fact the actors all sang their own songs instead of the original singers.  The soundtrack takes you through the movie everytime you listen to it, laughing and dancing!
0553565915|5.0|I found this book very enjoyable. Made you want not to fear death. This is the type of book you donot want to set down. Excellent reading
B0019FOC5E|5.0|The soundtrack for Mamma Mia is totally enjoyable.  Meryl Streep has an eye-opening vocal ability.  Julie Walters is top notch.  Perhaps, as has been noted in movie reviews, Pierce Brosnan is the weak vocal link.  However, in the movie, and the CD, I think it adds to authenticity.  This is not presented as a concert - it is a story.  Not everyone I know in life is a professional singer.  Any musical asks the audience to put reality on HOLD for a while, but the addition of a voice not quite so polished in the mix, does actually help ground it.    As for the songs themselves - Abba music is highly addictive.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|I already had a regular version of this great film but is was well worth the expense of buying a blu ray version. The excellent quality of the rich colors and super sharpness of the blu ray version was worth the expense. I would recommend this blu-ray disc.
B0012GMXYM|5.0|Borboletta is yet ANOTHER great Santana album.  In fact, I easily put it on the same level of enjoyment as Abraxas and Caravanserai.    Santana just knows how to write excellent songs and back it up with some of the most beautiful guitar playing of the 70's (yes, I'm fully aware how many great guitarists there were back then, and Santana is right up there with the very best).    By now you should know what a Santana album sounds like, because as much as I love these early 70's albums, they all pretty much sound the same.  One major surprise on this album is a song called \\"Promise of a Fisherman\\".  Talk about INCREDIBLE!  The keyboard jam in the middle is scorching hot, and the guitar playing that comes and goes is just flat out brilliant.  It's the best song Santana ever did, and I wouldn't just say that unless I really meant it.  It's absolutely incredible.      The rest of the album is more or less normal Santana sound, style and songwriting, and that's a GREAT thing in my book, so the album gets an easy 5 star rating.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I was very pleased with the purchase, came in a resonable time  and was in the condition the seller listed it as.
031606792X|1.0|I thought the book started fine....it went down hill after being completely let down with the honeymoon night.  Did I really wait patiently through 3 book for Bella & Edward to finally get it on and not get 1 detail???  I couldnt even be sure it even happened.....you think it is about to finally happen and then you turn the page and its the next morning??? WTF??  Wasnt sex the reason for the nuptials.....total cop out.  It just got worse....the characters personalities were completely different and a baby.....OMG....come on....even the Vorturi.....they left without a fight......    Even in Harry Potter characters we loved died and we cried but the book concluded to an ending that was believable.       SM is very talented but she needs a re-do!
031606792X|3.0|I think some people are taking this book just a tad too seriously. If there was any reason to be outraged in reading this series it's that book two was horrible. I'm very surprised I kept reading on to #3, but I'm glad I did because I thought it was entertaining. And so was #4.  I can see why some people are a little upset, but again, this is fiction, not a documentary. I totally see why she had Bella get pregnant. It was the clever plot device to have Bella become a vampire in a \\"life-saving\\" way and the baby draws in the Volturi for a final showdown.  It wasn't a scenario I had imagined, so I was pleasantly surprised. When the author was describing Bella's feelings during pregnancy, I simply imagined Meyer, a mother of three, was describing how she felt when carrying her own children.  Call me naïve, but I don't think Meyer had ulterior motives in writing the plotline as she did.  The only part that I found incredibly disturbing was Jacob imprinting on the baby. It was a gross-out factor, like Quil, that I found offensive. I've also never been a fan of Jacob. I know some people have described Bella as immature, but I've always thought Jacob was irritating and a bit pathetic. To have the boy who was obsessed with Bella suddenly imprint on her child, I retch at the thought.  I also find the \\"happily ever after\\" way everything worked out a huge weakness in the book. Bella's gift being calm and control is somewhat a easy way to dismiss the typical behavior of a newborn. But I did like the idea that she could manipulate her shield and use it to protect others.   At a minimum one of the central characters should have died. It would have made a lot of sense if it had been Rosalie because I think she would have been willing to give up her life for the baby.
1400032717|2.0|I don't pay attention to book reviews, and I don't really care about what's on the best seller lists.  This book was in the cheap bin at B&N, so I parted with a few hard-earned bucks and took it home.  I never heard of it, and I never heard of the author.  Yeah, yeah, I'm not in the know.  Whatever.      The first half of this book was so different, I couldn't put it down.  I have no first-hand experience with people who have autism, so I can't vouch for its authenticity on that point.  That said, seeing the world through an autistic boy's eyes was remarkable.  The author did a great job of making me see the world in new and uncomfortable ways.  With each chapter, I become more aware of a world beyond my American suburbia, and I don't simply mean physical settings.  I've travelled a lot in my life, but I've rarely stopped to truly and earnestly consider life from a totally different point of view.  This book helped, and made, me do that.     Good premise notwithstanding, what turned me off was the frequent digs at religion.  After a little research, I learned the author is atheist to the core.  That's fine, and he can write whatever he chooses.  And he should.  I was disappointed, however, to see his views expressed in such a cop-out manner.  The author uses this young autistic boy as a puppet to express his views on God, religion, and how absurd it all is.  That's the theme of the book, and that turned me off. I've got no problem with anyone's point of view, just don't con your readers into thinking they are getting a good story about something different.  Write an op-ed piece or something.      Religion issues aside, the story, as some reviewers noted, wore thin about the halfway point.  The whole last section felt bloated and tired. I was glad to be finished as the novelty of the book faded and left me feeling irritated and a little bored.
0767903862|4.0|Everything you never knew about Australia, presented in entertaining prose.  I'm reading this book for the 2nd time and enjoying it quite as much as the first.  My only complaint with this book is the map provided in the front - hand drawn and almost completely useless, it shows maybe half of the places mentioned in the book.
B00005ATZT|4.0|So, Harrison Ford dyes his hair a darker shade of brown, and this is his disguise? The Fugitive is overrated, but it's still a great movie with great moments: like, any time Tommy Lee Jones is on screen. Ford and Jones are both super, and luckily the film concentrates on their relationship. But the plot? Hm, a one-armed man did it, and there's one one-armed man in the film. Huh. Pity the one-armed man isn't the greatest actor out there, either, but at least they don't give him too many lines. Jeroen Crabbe doesn't add anything interesting to his thinly written role. On the plus side, Joe Pantoliano is great, I love the train wreck, the narrow escape from the downtown detention center and the ensuing coverage of the St. Patrick's day parade. The extras are fun to watch and interesting. But the movie missed it's chance for a couple of great lines: \\"Richard Kimble, what's he look like?\\" \\"He looks like Harrison Ford.\\" \\"No he doesn't, Cosmo...\\"
0061537934|5.0|Told from the dog's point of view, the story was fun to read.  I found myself having a tough time putting the book down.  Now that I finished it, my husband is reading it and really enjoying it, too.  (We rarely share books, so it is fun to have one we both like reading!)   The book is a mix of laugh out loud funny, sad, and heart-warming.  It makes me wonder what my dog is thinking!
B000SUKPKM|5.0|I started out a casual fan of the Goo GOO Dolls but was really surprised by all the really good songs they have put out after buying this, I found out. If what they do in the future is as good as this CD I will be back for more.
B001663RE8|4.0|I highly recommend this album. I believe there are at least two more hit songs on it, although i think there could be more. This album seems to be along time comming and it is well worth the money.
B0002IQMKM|5.0|.... thats what you must have if you dont grab this OUTSTANDING cd. only wish I had spotted it   years ago, what a great set of tunes!!! A lot of bang for the buck.
031606792X|5.0|It was a great book, for those of you who are complaining about it I think you have to understand what she's trying to accomplish. Its supposed to be the final book in the series. She's just trying to tie up loose ends, not create new ones.    Great book. Wish it wasn't the end.
B00005M989|5.0|ALL the \\"Very Best\\" are really on this CD. ALL FUNK and no junk. Prince is the rare \\"jewel\\" in the crown of my music collection!!!
B001B71NOI|4.0|Working sans label these days, Trent Reznor is making up for lost time.  His output during the last two years rivals that of his whole career; it's amazing what you can do while sober.  Following up March 2008's soft-spoken Ghosts I-IV, Reznor and company (Robin Finck is back!) return two months later with a counterpoint (and it's a free download).  A brief drone and we're off: \\"1,000,000\\" growls with Stooges riffs and hypnotic, distorted dive-bombs; the broken, unquantized swagger of \\"Letting You\\" drips with overdrive, reaching near Atari Teenage Riot proportions before gradually peeling off with some skewed pop tracks, the bi-polar pedal-screwing solo on \\"Head Down, a piano/vocal interlude, two atmospheric instrumentals and the hyperactive closer, \\"Demon Seed\\".  Despite the apparent immediacy here, these works are polished (having Alan Moulder at the helm will do that), appealing for their vigor yet rife with experience and plenty of clever Reznorisms.
B000669GAI|5.0|What \\"Nirvana\\" was to some  Pearl Jam was to me There is a lot of \\"mystery\\" in Ed Veds voice He doesnt wear it all on his sleeve like cobain did. I can appreciate that, as well as the lyrics.From Yellow Ledbetter to Once its an \\"Evenflow\\" from front to back on this CD.
031606792X|1.0|I finished the book in one sitting. Once I finished, I stayed where I was for a few minutes wondering what in the world I had just read. The day before it was released I had an idea where the book would go: Marriage, turning into a vampire, and Volturri. Boy, was I ever surprised!    I was not really enjoying the beginning of the book. I cannot understand Bella's dislike of the wedding, but I soon found myself enjoying it once she began enjoying her wedding. I was confused about Jacob's reaction to Bella's comment, but put it aside. I loved the honeymoon, until Edward's reaction after they first made love killed Bella's feelings of content and happiness. Then I began to suspect something about Bella's food and sleeping habits, but dismissed it since I considered it an impossibility. My Lord was I ever wrong! I did not like the direction the book was going, but then was confused to discover I would now read Jacob's POV. Jacob is my favorite character so I was not upset. But once the baby was born that was it: the death of Twilight.     The only reason I kept on reading was because I hoped it would get better, but it never did! I love 'Twilight' and I still adore the book, but 'Breaking Dawn' had Nothing that 'Twilight' had. The reason I love that book was because of the relationship between Bella and Edward. Yes Bella annoyed me in the following books and I could rant about her, but I was still interested enough to buy the books, read, and reread them multiple times. There was none of that in 'Breaking Dawn'. What there was instead was a disturbing, Rosemary's baby who everyone fell in love with and a dragged on disappointing nonfight with the Volturri.    Disappointed is not even what I feel. I had so many problems with characters that I did not care at the ending of the book. It even made me not want to read about Bella and Edward again. If not for the Jacob part (I just adore Seth and I loved understanding Leah more) I would return the book...which I still contemplate and get another book (or books) in exchange.
B0002S947K|4.0|Really good start for a \\"New\\" artist. Wild Horses is my favorite. Thats about what it took to drag me away from the stereo the first couple days of having this. Once it started getting a little too \\"heavy\\" I shuffled it inwith some \\"Norah Jones\\" {another favorite} they may both have that  nostalgic \\"sound\\" but the \\"voice\\" sets them apart. Ray Lamontagne \\"Trouble\\" is worth the \\"effort\\". Snap it up while you can. The originality is \\"priceless\\".
B001AXME2S|5.0|I thought the first two albums were good but this album is GREAT!  The first single, Devour, is good but not nearly the best song on the album.  If you like the rockin' songs, the title track \\"Sound of Madness\\" is A W E S O M E!  It gives me the same feeling that \\"Enter Sandman\\" by Metallica does - it just rocks.  \\"If You Only Knew\\" is the most radio-friendly song and will have you signing along before you finish listening to it the first time.  \\"Second Chance\\" is a close second.  \\"The Crow & the Butterfly\\" is a catchy song I find myself signing later in the day.  I could go on and on....\\"What a Shame\\" is great..... Just go buy it - don't wait!
031606792X|5.0|No matter how you think the series should end, Ms. Meyers does a great job bringing Bella and Edward's happily ever after to readers. As always, I enjoyed the story and had a hard time putting it down.  It is a well written romance that continues to appeal to young and old alike. I feel that some people wanted Ms. Meyers to show the harsh reality of Bella's decisions in this book, I whole heartedly disagree with that idea. We are all bombarded with reality everyday and do not wish to find that in our recreational reading. They call it fiction for a reason and I feel that this series is quickly becoming a classic.
031606792X|4.0|I, like several other reviewers, am not the typical Twilight fan. I'm older, married, no children, and my husband is currently diving in to the series as well.    As I was growing up, the happily ever after and the story ends with a wedding theme was prevalent. No story ended without all the loose ends being tied up questionably neat. It seems there was, at some point, a reaction against this kind of storytelling, and for years now it has been commonplace to sub in an uncertain ending--in some cases, an UNhappy ending. I understand, it's a natural pendulum swing in narrative. But I'm glad to see happily ever after coming into play.     Maybe all this worrying about \\"the message\\" is part of the problem with our societal concerns for the \\"young girl\\" reading this book. If this poor child is really getting her life lessons from a narrative, she's no better or stronger than any of the scathing critiques of Bella's general character.     The book is good--it does align with the big picture set in motion with Twilight. It's okay, every now and again, to let a fairytale sweep you up out of reality, to send you off to a world not devoid of problems, but devoid of the constant negativity we face daily in our \\"real\\" lives. It's okay to enjoy a little gratification sometimes.    I do have some problems with Breaking Dawn--or rather, desires. I really wish throughout the entire series, really, that we could have gotten to look deeper into some of the other relationships. It's clear from the little we got how deeply Carlisle and Esme or Alice and Jasper care for each other...but these fascinating duos (in some ways, even more so than Edward and Bella) don't get enough air time. I do wish there could have been an epic battle--but the narrative possibilities after such a battle are staggering: either Meyer has to go the Hamlet route that she wanted to avoid, or she has to face the truth of this world had the Cullens won--they would have become, essentially, the royal family of vampire-world. This is not the kind of undue responsibility you want to lay on your characters. It would have written the whole thing into a corner.    So, I understand. I enjoyed. I think you will too, if you don't come in with too many expectations. Just open a book, enter a new reality, and let your senses take over. Relax, and feel something. It'll all be fine...
0321356683|5.0|I've been programming Java since 1995 and sometimes think I know everything I need to know about working with the language.  \\"Effective Java\\" made me realize that there's always much, much more to learn.      This book is packed with incredibly useful information that every single Java developer should know.  The best part is that Bloch is not proposing any kind of radical new programming method, he is simply organizing and presenting tried and true Java programming patterns and idioms.      I can't count how many times I've said, \\"Of course, it is so obvious!  Why didn't I think of that?\\" when I was reading this book.  The items presented are things you may know, or half-know, and all it takes is the proper presentation and explanation to completely \\"ice\\" things in your mind.  The best part is starting a new project after reading \\"Effective Java\\" and getting to try out all the good stuff in your own code.    I bought the First Edition seven years ago and am so happy the Second Edition is finally here.  It is well worth the wait.  If you develop in Java in any capacity -- get this book!
B00122M2QU|5.0|This is more like a six or seven star album. I dont know why so many other reviewers were so critical of this album, this actually exceeded my expectations, which I admit were not very high.  As far as the old Sepultura stuff I always found a few tracks per album that were head and shoulders above the rest of the entire album. Thats not the case with Infikted every song from start to finish flows with fist to the face, throat cut, metal force. The only low point (if you can call it that)on this whole album is \\"Ultra-Violent\\" through the beginning it lags a little although it picks up and gets better through the course of the song. Just buy this cd or else your a sissy and and Brittney Spears fan.  EVERYBODY DIES TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
B000E1MTZE|5.0|Movies like these are the reason I have HD DVD. There's something about action/special effects movies that makes them so much more enjoyable in high-def. These types of movies are usually more colorful and the soundtracks with surround sound usually don't disappoint.    These movies are absolutely stunning in HD!
B000002G8H|5.0|One of the most beautiful collections of Mr. Slowhand's work. Digitaly remastered, but still has this special kind of \\"vintage\\" sound... In one word: Beautiful
4789004546|5.0|A Dictionary of Basic Japanese Grammar is wonderfully thorough introduction to the language for students who want to go beyond the bare-bones explication of most textbooks.  Each item is discussed in depth, and with dozens of example sentences the book continually reminds the reader that grammar occurs most significantly in natural human communication, rather than dry grammar dictionaries.  The easy-to-use index makes lookup of particular words or usage quick and painless.    Nathan Dummitt author of [[ASIN:0781812046 Chinese Through Tone & Color]]
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|So when we last left the boys they had just given us AROUND THE SUN, a somber, lackluster, lackadaisical trudge through synthesizer/overproduction hedes. Welcome the polar opposite, or shall we say, classic mode of R.E.M.. Don't have your volume up too high, as the mastering of this album is LOUD! Rightly so, as it's 90% electric! While the lyrics that Michael and the gang recite aren't the greatest in their catalogue, they also aren't their worst and are pretty good. \\"Supernatural Superserious\\" is a great song and a rightful tune for pop radio overplay. \\"Houston\\" flaunts a bit of high-powered organ that only comes up to breathe every few beats, but it adds to the humidity of the song. \\"Mr. Richards\\" is destined to become a forgotten classic. The downside on ACCELERATE is \\"Until The Day Is Done.\\" It's a protest song, and it's unfortunate because you can tell 10 seconds in that it's a protest song. Aside from \\"...day is done\\", this is a mighty fine highway listen (or a workout soundtrack). Welcome back to the late 80s, R.E.M..
031606792X|2.0|I'm a huge Twilight fan but this book was disappointing.  The characters did not connect as they did in the previous books.  The story line seemed a bit choppy.  I just didn't feel the \\"LOVE\\" between Bella and Edward as I did in the previous books.  The last 2 pages of the book were about the only ones I really liked.  Hopefully Midnight Sun will be much better.
031606792X|5.0|I was so shocked to see the reviews that people have written! What is wrong with you guys! THIS IS A FANTASY SERIES!!! Stephanie Meyer has the right to write whatever she wants.  It doesn't have to make sense logically. She wanted the series to end happily ever after. It most certainly did too! Everything works out and Bella and Edward couldn't be more happy.  They got to have their cake and eat it too! It's refreshing to have a happy ending when our world is so depressing. This book was great and exciting!! I was surprised when Bella got pregnant but I was happy to find out that things went perfectly. As for the thing with Jacob, Stephanie obviously wanted to keep him close by. It wouldn't have been fun to see the pain Bella or Jacob might of felt but...again...it All WORKED OUT! I thought it was a great closing to a great series!
031606792X|4.0|I thought this was a fitting end to the Twilight Saga.  Between the first three books and what I knew about Stephenie Meyer, I was a little concerned that she had written herself into a couple of corners she wasn't going to be able to get out of without having more than one character act in a very out-of-character way.  But she managed to resolve all these issues in a satisfying way, while still staying true to her characters, her story, and, I imagine, herself.
031606792X|5.0|I thought that Meyer did a wonderful job in bring all four books together.  I book makes you want more and you don't want to put the it down once you start.
031606792X|2.0|I was very excited to get Breaking Dawn, but my excitement ended less than 150 pages into the book.     Bella and Edward are finally getting married, and she thinks she has never been happier. A beautiful wedding with all her friends in attendence, including Jacob, a honeymoon on an isolated island and finally being able to lose her virginity to Edward have made Bella's world almost perfect. Now she's just waiting for Edward to change her...except...Bella's pregnant, and this is not an event to be celebrated.     Without giving any more spoilers out, I have to say that Meyer's foreshadowing skills left me less than impressed. I knew exactly what was going to happen as soon as the honeymoon started.     Personally, I prefer to have a little more suspense, which is why I've given this book such a low rating. I was very disappointed in the work, which often felt more like a fanfiction than an actual book by a respected author.
0930289234|5.0|Just got back into reading comic books. So decided to give this novel a try. I have to say that what I have read so far it's is really good. Can't wait to read more!!
031606792X|5.0|I don't get these people that didn't like it because they said it was not believable. Come on people it's fiction F I C T I O N!!      Straight from Webtser :::something feigned, invented, or imagined; a made-up story:     It's been \\"not believable\\" from the very fist book having vampires and werewolfs, so the fact that she would concieve from Edward is as believable as anything else.     I thought it was great. Bella's happiness came from knowing she would lose her life but Renesmee would live. GO STEPHANIE!!
0743201140|3.0|The information in the book is very helpful but do not buy the book used if you want to take full advantage of what it has to offer. A majority of the book is centered around the results of their online strength finder accessed with a code in the book jacket that can only be used once.
031606792X|4.0|While not my favorite in the series, I do love this book.  I enjoy the darker, more mature tone in this final installment that is not present in the previous three. While it may alienate younger readers, it's the natural progression for these characters to take, and Meyer does an excellent job with her character's growth.  The end, really the last third of the novel (or 'Book Three'), was fantastic.  I felt that the conclusion was satisfying.  Any fan of Bella and Edward's relationship should feel the same.
0446402389|4.0|A fascinating read, nicely described by other reviewers.  I haven't been so on edge with a novel for a long time, trying to anticipate each twist in the plot.  Its depiction of Soviet politics and living conditions in the 1950s was illuminating, a perfect backdrop for a mystery.  My only complaint, and the reason for only 4 stars, is its improbable conclusion--the storytelling collapsed in the last chapter or two, but didn't detract from my enjoyment of the first 95% of the novel.  I hope to see more installments in the Leo Demidov story in the future.
B000002H97|5.0|I suck at writing reviews so I'll keep this short and sweet the majority of the people on here who gave it 1-3 stars are crybabies and that's that! Yea Metallica got a little softer but this album IS still metal and is one of the top 10 greatest albums of all time, in any genre! We are suppose to give ratings and reviews for the music on this cd and not what Metallica did afterwards cause yes they seem they money hungry a-holes but this album is still a masterpiece and EASILY 5 stars!
0316113506|5.0|Finally, someone attempts to describe what's going on in the brain that creates mental/emotional difficulties, and then describes how movement can help remedy these problems. I come from a family of depressive, overanxious, Alzheimer's-prone people with ischemic disease. The first message I picked up is, \\"It's not your fault. It's the way your brain works (or doesn't work) that causes the depression and anxiety.\\" The second message I got was that it's never too late to start exercising to alleviate or delay these issues. I read the book in a day, started walking the next morning and have followed through every morning since. I have to say, I feel sharper, my blood pressure has gone down and I've even dropped a little weight.
0374531269|4.0|I really liked the book.  Its a story that needs to be told and Mr Beah does a great job of relating his experiences as a solider in Sierra Leone.  Enlightening and heartbreaking.  Highly recommended
B001AJVR5M|5.0|It's the same kind music from the last album but another level of Jonas Brothers!
1594489505|5.0|Amazing detail.  Wonderful story.  I was skeptical about whether a man could understand the suffering of women in a repressive society,  but I was wrong.  Beautifully written.  The friendship between Layla and Mirim is unforgettable.  A must read.
B000E6GBV2|5.0|I am a fan of indie / folk music such as Hayden, Richard Buckner, Mark Kozelek (of Red House Painters / Sun Kil Moon) and Kathleen Edwards, just for a sample of my music tastes... This band is growing on me more and more with every listen of the music that I have found so far.    I fully expect to attend a concert of theirs in the future. It's best described in my own words as a sound of \\"The Shins\\" mixed in with \\"Coldplay\\" with a dash of \\"Racounters\\"...Very good!
0743289692|5.0|amazing story, amazing book, amazing woman.  I am highly impressed with Ayaan Hirsi Ali and her book.  The book was a page turner and Ali is a gifted writer.  She is a strong voice for women everywhere.
031606792X|5.0|I think that this book, as well as the rest of the series is fantastic. I have never been much of a reader. A book has to be seriously interesting for me to get through half, not to mention finish and start a new one immediately. This series did that for me. This book, being the finale to the series, was amazingly creative and a provided a wonderful end to a wonderful series.     I don't understand where all the bad press on the book is coming from or why so many people are upset about the way the Stephanie Meyer chose to end it. The bad reviews all seem to talk about the book getting \\"bizarre,\\" but this a supernatural book about vampires! The other complaint and I heard and disagreed with was that this book was \\"darker\\". My question is, why is that a bad thing? The story still stayed true to itself. The characters personalities all remained the same.     Stephanie Meyer should be praised for this book and thanked for providing such a creative and imaginative ending!!    I cannot wait for Midnight Sun to be released!!!
B00008J2R1|4.0|I was sceptical about a surround mix of an Oasis album. The way the original stereo album was mixed does not seem to lend itself to any separation. But this 5.1 mix works, and it is a definite improvement over the original. Sure, there is not much going on in the surround channels in terms of panning or gimmicky movement of the sound, but what there is here is more subtle and a pleasing \\"space\\" is added to the music without losing any of the power. It's certainly a diferent listening experience to the original stereo mix. To cite one example : 'Some Might Say' sounds great here - for the first time you can hear the first snap of the snare drum in the intro which was buried in the original mix. In fact the whole song sounds more balanced and less muddy that is was before. This is pretty much the case throughout the album.   I love this album but the original stereo mix could be pretty hard on the ears and frankly it was hard to listen to often. This mix fixes that in a subtle way and makes it enjoyable again.  If you're looking for a surround mix that has a lot of movement then I guess you'll be disappointed, but I like this mix a lot.
031606792X|5.0|Of course I had to read it twice to get it fully.  Of course, I had to re-read my favorite passages from the other 3. As I see it, Twilight is the innocent first love.  New Moon is the angsty emotional core that shows us what the characters are really made of and how true their feelings are.  Eclipse is really a bridge piece for me now.  In effect, it only negates the mild threats to our beloved heroes and sets up the engagement/wedding.  Breaking Dawn is the big payoff for me.      (Spoilers)    This is where Bella comes into her own.  She is now the core of the Cullen gang in a sense because she fought for Renesme.  She takes control of her life and her destiny and embraces it with both hands.  That she is not afraid of all the things that scare Edward may speak to her naivite.  But it also speaks to her courage and faith in Edward and love generally.  That she refuses to fear her \\"nudger\\" and instantly bonds with her fate shows strength of conviction.  That she's willing to give her life for her child is understandable as any mother and father can attest.  But her strength goes beyond that.  As she's thrust into the pits of fiery hell, her transformation, she never cries out, never flinches and instead \\"grasps the stake with both arms\\" to spare Edward any pain.  Over 4 books we have been repeatedly told that the changing is the single most painful experience of any vampire's existence and yet Bella lays there motionless and in complete control of her body.  That Bella was the main cause of the Volturi to run away, only serves to highlight the transformation of awkward teen to strong woman.    Of all the books, BD had me in tears throughout.  The raw emotion SM was able to relay in pivotal points of the story struck a nerve with me: as a daughter, as a friend, as wife, and as a mother.  I heard and felt all of Bella's fears, joys, and heartaches.  So if you can get past a vampire pregnancy in a vampire story that has never embraced vampire myth, you can embrace atruly wonderful tale.
031606792X|5.0|I haven't even finished this book yet (i'm about half way there!) but it's amazing. Anything and everything that youv'e ever dreamed that would happy when you first picked up the books, does! It has keep me up all night for the past couple of nights because I can't belive what I am reading. I just get more shocked everytime I pick it up! Every fantasy of mine has true so far!<br />Happy Reading!!!!
031606792X|5.0|I don't know why the previous reviews didn't like the 4th book: Breaking Dawn.    It was incredibly written with extensive detail - especially when Bella had been changed and coming out of the \\"fire.\\"    Also - in the end, everyone gets what they most wanted...even Jacob.      I guess happy endings aren't liked any more.  Sad.
B000001DVV|4.0|There were some bands who were innovative, There were some bands who were ahead of their time, and there were some bands whose legacy will last forever. Ugly Kid Joe doesn't fit any of those descriptions! This album is simply a batch of fun for metalheads who may sometimes tire of the metallica's and slayer's of the world. Released at the height of the grunge explosion, This album has become somewhat of a guilty pleasure due to the bad things that most metal fans say about Ugly Kid Joe nowadays. ''Everything About You'' doesn't sound bad at all for a song that ranked on VH1's worst metal songs ever. ''G--damn Devil'' is a cool, upbeat rocker that should get any party started. Of all the cool songs on this album, ''Madman'' is the highlight of the album. With silly lyrics and mostly upbeat tempos, This album should cheer any metal fan up if they're having a bad day. If released today, This album would be instantly forgotten. But, I reccomend this album if you want cool music with a sharp sense of humor.
031606792X|1.0|After reading and loving the first three books I never thought I'd be glad the story was ending. Found it totally moranic and all the characters that I'd previously been entralled with transformed into boring, whining, shadows of themselves. Sure hope the movie version doesn't follow this book or I will wait to rent the DVD. Wish I'd gone to the library for this book.
B000O59AFC|3.0|Blu ray transfer is pretty good, both video & audio, way better than DVD. I'm happy with it. Worth paying extra for blu ray.
B0013L2EDQ|4.0|The Judas Strain<br />by James Rollins<br />Review by SpeekNDaTruuf<br /><br />There's a virus threatening to eradicate most, if not all, of mankind, and only one woman can stop it; however, capturing and securing this woman is no easy task. There are historians and scientists, alike, attempting to apprehend the possible \\"cure\\" for the virus. Action and adventure abound on both sides! On the one side, you have Sigma Force (\\"the good guys\\"), and on the other, you have Amen Nasser and Detesh Panjali (sp?) also known as \\"the bad guys.\\" Who will be the first to capture her, and will they do so before it's too late?<br /><br />The Judas Strain by James Rollins takes you on the historical and scientific trail of Marco Polo and the mysteries he left concealed. The novel starts off with Marco Polo and \\"all the king's men\\", and a gruesome discovery (and subsequently, decision) made in the 1600s. Fast forward to present day Christmas Island, where a toxic virus has bloomed from the seas. There's so much to tell, but I fear I'll tell it all if I keep typing.<br /><br />Just... imagine the movies Outbreak, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Silence of the Lambs  multiplied by one hundred, and you have The Judas Strain. I highly enjoyed (and recommend) this novel for the historical and scientific information therein, as well as the plot and the characters (my favorite was Commander Pierce). Talk about interesting. For example, I didn't know that some species of squid use spectacular lights to communicate with other squids. Now, if you're in the ocean, and you see some lights seemingly coming from nowhere, SWIM AWAY! That was the message I took from the squid ordeal.<br /><br />Whatever you imagine to the epitome of those three aforementioned movies, that's what this book delivers. If you're into action, there's plenty of that. If you're looking for information, there's plenty of that. If you're into whodunits, there's plenty of that. If you're into the whole good versus evil, there's plenty of that. If you're into the many different religions, there's plenty of that. You name it, this book has it! The Judas Strain was the first novel I'd read by James Rollin, but I do believe I'll enjoy reading more of his books. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give this book a 4 to 4 1/2. It was just that good!different religions, there's plenty of that. You name it, this book has it! The Judas Strain was the first novel I'd read by James Rollin, but I do believe I'll enjoy reading more of his books. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give this book a 4 to 4 1/2. It was just that good!
B000W4D94I|4.0|Another great summer movie. Much better on blu ray, both picture & sound. I watched it twice in two days. The twisters look more realistic and scarier. I recommend this movie (blu ray) to anyone.
032147404X|2.0|I am an Art educator at the university level and a collegue recommended this book as a text for my Digital Photography class.  I purchased it for review and was totally disappointed.  If I wanted a book of tasteless humor I would have asked for one.  It is insulting and dumbed down to a degree that may explain the popularity and success it has achieved.  That being said, for my pains I did learn one photoshop shortcut.
B000WQWPKA|4.0|One of my favorite summer movies of all time, enjoyed it even more on blu ray. Great picture & sound. Paying extra for it sure worth it. There is no shame in recommending it!
1603420398|5.0|This is a great crochet book. As an avid, experienced crocheter, most of the books I buy are so-so or plain awful. This book delivers.     PROS:   1) Easy to read and use. Clear large colorful photos (motifs made up in easy to see yarns) and large easy to read type on a spiral bound book, for flat, no flip pages. Large diagrams and well written instructions. Love having both to go by.   2) Creative and unusual. Lots and lots of new motifs here in all sorts of shapes, from the traditional square to decorative motifs, like the star fish. Well organized layout by shapes.   3) Nice introduction with hints for use, and even aids for making up your own motifs. Well done.   4) Thankfully, the first half of the book is not dedicated to learning how to crochet. Sorry beginners, but there are tons of learn how to crochet books, and I hate spending my money on a pattern book that spends more time showing me how then letting me get at it. Yes, there are charts and a few reminders, and even a glossary, but it's not overdone.     CONS:   Okay not cons, I love this book, more like a wish list.   I wish there were more squares. I am in need of new motifs for things that must be square, (hint: Title \\"Beyond-the-Square\\") and this book is chockfull of motifs, but fewer squares. There are a fair amount, but not as many as I would have liked.     I wish there were photos of projects. Yes, the book will inspire you, and there are a few pages with cutesy, colored ink drawings, but no actual photos of projects. Just for the sake of eye-candy, because the colored motifs are so striking, I would have loved to have drooled over a few photos of put together projects.     I wish the motifs had names, titles. It's a trend in books to label patterns by number, but it is an art craft book, let's have some names. I can remember names, but it's hard for me to remember \\"Oh, yeah I want to make number 72 or was that 27?\\"     Summary: Great book, creative, colorful, fun, and well written. I have made up two motifs so far, and I am very pleased.
B0000029GA|5.0|This CD is classic in hip-hop music; a must own for any person who thinks they know what true hip-hop is.    Nas sets up a rise from rags to riches trying to take his community with him. The lyrical complexity of this album is unheard of, incredible clarity and speed over simple 1-2 beats. Nas' manifesto... Anything below 10 stars just shows how many people don't understand this album. One love    -------  jason
031606792X|5.0|Okay, for all you readers out there...just a little education on young-adult novels. First, the recommended age for the reader is the age of the hero/heroine in the novel. So...in Breaking Dawn, Bella is 18 about to turn 19. Do the math. Don't have your tweens reading this one without you reading it first!!! As a mom myself, this is a no-brainer!!    Second, Stephenie Meyer has followed a well-designed plot, and has left us with a four-volume work WITHOUT any literary gaps. For those of you who don't know what that entails, literary gaps are \\"holes\\" in the story and loose ends that aren't wrapped up that are vital to the plot.    Third and last. Reading is for enjoyment. I sure as hell enjoyed these novels. Beats the sappy romance crap that others read, and gave me the mental stimulation (stay with me here) to allow myself to escape into a plausible world where I did enjoy the ride. Thanks Steph.
0385340567|1.0|What is so thrilling about Reacher to me is his ferocity justified by his innate fairness and a complete lack of malice. He is fearless. He defeats regiments of armed villains with right jabs. He lives by the warrior code: he champions the underdog, but avoids a fight if he can. He is our \\"homeless Lone Ranger\\" and I sure hope he comes to my town! So his recent puzzling anti-war rant, which includes a seeming comment that no battle America fought has been worthwhile since 1945, seem hypocritical, particularly when this one starts when Jack picks a fight! (Hey, they gave him the coffee!) Advice to new Child readers: Buy and read all of the others and skip this one.
B000HBK3MM|5.0|I had only heard 'Put Your Records On' and though I liked the song, quickly dismissed Corinne Bailey Rae as another top 40 1 hit wonder Starbucks neo-soul artist. Big mistake.  This is definitely one of the most inspiring albums I've heard in a while. The production knocks (lots of keys, clean guitar, horns) and her voice is distinct, unique, and honest. Add to the that thoughtful insightful songwriting and you have a Classic with a capital C.    This coming from someone who generally only listens to Kanye and 70's soul.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Stephanie has given us a great story in this final book, Breaking Dawn.  I disagree with the comments that Bella's character had to sacrifice nothing.  Read it and judge for yourself.  She endured  much pain, much fear, a high degree of risk and a tremendous learning curve to become the individual that she is at the end of the novel.  She perseveres in making impossible relationships work.  She is unwilling to shut Jacob out of her life and allow their relationship to become estranged even when that would have seemed easier.  She refuses to sacrifice the life of her unborn even though her own existence is threatened.  She maintains a pureness of heart, in spite of the examples of perversion of power, namely the Volturi.  Maybe the enduring message for vampires, werewolves, and humans is that hope, love and purity can win in the end.
B001C08RHA|5.0|`Iron Man' is awesomely cool,  U.S. forces and Afghanistan duel   From highlands and desolate caves  Stark Enterprises allegedly saves    Tony's the successor, a living prodigy  Of what weapons' development ought to be  Until selling his Jericho multiple warhead,  Ensuring the enemy will all but be dead.    Finding the enemy is well armed   By weaponry he never meant to have harmed  Our own side by enemy forces  Trickling in by unknown sources.    On his deathbed from an explosion,  Tony must produce from a dungeon,  A new Jericho weapon to beat all  Against U.S. troops and bring to a pall.     Now he makes himself the Iron Man  Defending the innocent whenever he can  From imminent danger of a major threat  Defending his company during the upset.    With a humanitarian touch, not based on money  And Pepper Pots, his helper, proves to be a real honey,  They face a greedy nemesis found in Stane,  Board-of-directors' man keeping investors sane.     See 'Iron Man' if you haven't yet.  Your entertainment value is a safe bet.        (The snappy dialogue and the awesome flying shots go well with the funny, slapstick test flight scenes from Tony Stark's Malibu laboratory.  As others have often stated, Robert Downey, Jr. makes a fabulous, half-hapless hero.  Gwyneth Paltrow is alluring and likable as his caring, but witty assistant, Pepper, and Jeff Bridges makes a welcome return as \\"Oby\\" Stane.  Terrence Howard is believable as gung ho Colonel Rhodes.  Directed with finesse by Jon Favreau.)     A J.P.'s Pick 4.5 *'s= Very Good-Exceptional
B001DE2KB4|5.0|I have been so impressed by these boys stepping out of their comfort zone and taking risks on this cd. There are a couple of songs that sound like the old Jonas Brothers, but then songs like Lovebug and BB Good come on, and it doesn't sound like the disney music that they use to create. They have certainly come a long way as a band, and they have done a fantastic job on this cd. They have created just the right balance of fun dance songs (Tonight, Burnin' Up), interesting, catchy tunes (BB Good, Pushin' Me Away), Lovey-Dovey songs that everyone wants to hear (Lovebug) and sincere inspirational songs (A Little Bit Longer). I am so glad they named this cd A Little Bit Longer because it reflects the inportance of the song that Nick wrote about his diabetes. Great job guys!
031606792X|4.0|I don't know why so many people are picking on Meyer for this latest/last book in the Twilight series. I guess for every fan there's someone who hates it...but I happen to LOVE the whole series, including Breaking Dawn.    I loved Twilight, and New Moon and Eclipse a little less but found all of them riveting enough to finish them in a two-week span. Like many books and pretty much all movies, the sequels are never as good as the originals. But I didn't find any of the books boring or that any of them drug on. I found myself excited to read more and dying to know how it would end.    Maybe I have read enough bad books to know that this is far from the awfulness you could be reading. A lot of people complain about the \\"realness\\" of the book which I think is just ridiculous because you picked up a book about vampires and werewolves. Just what were you expecting??? I read books to be entertained and I was thoroughly pleased with all of the series.     Other complaints I have heard: Bella is not a great role model for girls and there are sexual themes mentioned in the book. I agree that Bella may not be the best role model for girls but again, your kids could be reading much worse. I don't see a lot of the characters on the school's reading list being great models and often, just the opposite. But if you've done your job, your kid should know the difference. I don't think people give teenagers enough credit. I wasn't a kid that long ago (10 years- guess it has been a little while...) and I was smart enough to know what was right for me and I'm not even saying I was that smart of a kid, LOL!     I actually wouldn't suggest that tweens read this book (13 and up only) and anyone getting hung up on the underlying sexual themes is being unrealistic if they don't think kids have heard far worse by the time they're 12-years-old, and I live in the modest Midwest. Again, if you've done your job, your kid knows better and better for them to see it this way (where it's barely evenelluded to) than in a smut-filled sex scene on tv and trust me, no matter what you think, they're seeing that, too.     I have a few beefs with the book but none significant enough to not recommend the whole series. They all contributed to a great star-crossed love that I couldn't get enough of. There's something about that forbidden love that makes you want it that much more.     I did think a lot of this series read like the Buffy/Angel show which I was a HUGE fan of so I felt like a few themes were cliche but was also very pleased that Meyer's gave me the ending I never got for Buffy & Angel. Complain all you want, that was the most important part to me.    I don't want to spoil it for people that may not have read this yet so I won't say much about much but I will admit I felt cheated on the battle scene, which is why I knocked this book down from 5 stars to 4 stars. All that build up and not much to say about it... It seemed like a big set-up for another book though with the \\"the end\\" on the last page, I'm sure that it won't be another Bella-Edward book. Maybe Renessmee's adult story? Despite the gripes I've heard on this book, I would read any spin-off Meyer decides to do from here on out.
B0000024IE|5.0|Like the last record, only even denser, angrier, and possibly better. In the span of just over an hour, they barrage you with swirling samples, funky bass, dance beats, and grade-A turntable work. A lot of the credit goes to the Bomb Squad, whose production makes this thing rock harder than most nominal \\"rock\\" record. They also make great use of sampling - for instance, check the raging adrenaline rush of the classic \\"Welcome to the Terrordome,\\" which samples the Temptations' \\"Psychedelic Shack,\\" \\"Pollywanacraka,\\" which contains snatches of AWB's hit \\"Schoolboy Crush\\" and some innovative vocal samples, the funky \\"Anti-N***** Machine,\\" which begins with a chaotic slew of samples, and the several sound-collage tracks spread across the album, which give this disc a lot of depth and make the whole concoction seem even more frightening and chaotic. But make no mistake - the real star here is Chuck D, who overflows with righteous fury, intelligence, charisma, and even a bit of humor as he protests racism and poverty. His rhymes and delivery make several of these songs, and just about every song is fantastic: the inflammatory classic \\"Brothers Gonna Work It Out,\\" the invigorating Old-School Rap Who's-Who track \\"Burn Hollywood Burn,\\" with guest appearances by Ice Cube and Big Daddy Kane, the frenzied, claustrophobic \\"Power to the People,\\" Flavor's hilarious features \\"911 is a Joke\\" and \\"Can't Do Nuttin' For Ya Man!,\\" and \\"Who Stole the Soul?,\\" with a classic \\"hype man\\" performance from Flavor. The lyrics are often quite insightful, such as the pro-interracial marriage title track (with munchkin voices!), and Chuck constantly forces us to look at the gritty, ugly truths about life without seeming self-righteous. As if this weren't enough, a lot of these songs also make for socially conscience dance tracks, such as the feminist funk \\"Revolutionary Generation.\\" The record slows down a bit near the end, offering a perhaps overly concentrated dose of pseudo-instrumentals (\\"Leave This off Your F***in' Charts,\\" \\"Final Count at the Collision Between Us and the Damned\\") that don't have much to offer in comparison to their similar predecessors, and a couple of genuinely mediocre tunes (\\"Reggie Jax,\\" \\"B-Side Wins Again,\\" where Flavor's ranting gets a bit out-of-hand, \\"War at 33',\\"). But the rest of the record is remarkable, and it closes with yet another justly famous song, \\"Fight the Power,\\" with Branford Marsalis adding to the cacophonic stew on saxophone. This record rocks hard. It's not nominally a rock album, but it still kicks at least as much [...] as the best of most rock groups. One of the most important, best albums in rap history. Many of these songs have passed into rap legend, namely \\"Brothers Gonna Work it Out,\\" \\"911 is a Joke,\\" \\"Welcome to the Terrordome,\\" \\"Burn Hollywood Burn,\\" and \\"Fight the Power.\\" If you can find this album - it took me over a year to, and when I finally ran across it, I almost passed it over. My reaction was somewhere along the lines of, \\"Oh hey, they have Fear of a Black Planet. Wait a minute... Fear of a Black Planet?!? AWESOME!!!\\" Anyway, this record easily lives up to its infallible reputation, and definitely stands as a rap classic.<br />By the way, I'd like to say a few words to those who consider PE \\"racist.\\" In the liner notes, they thank Sinead O'Connor, Jello Biafra, and Rick Rubin. All three of them are white. They also speak in favor of interracial marriages on the title track, and sample Van Halen. They have a lot of hatred for racist whites (and so do I), but not all white people. There's a difference.This off Your F***in' Charts,\\" \\"Final Count at the Collision Between Us and the Damned\\") that don't have much to offer in comparison to their similar predecessors, and a couple of genuinely mediocre tunes (\\"Reggie Jax,\\" \\"B-Side Wins Again,\\" where Flavor's ranting gets a bit out-of-hand, \\"War at 33,\\"). But the rest of the record is remarkable, and it closes with yet another justly famous song, \\"Fight the Power,\\" with Branford Marsalis adding to the cacophonic stew on saxophone. This record rocks hard. It's not nominally a rock album, but it still kicks at least as much [...] as the best of most rock groups. One of the most important, best albums in rap history. Many of these songs have passed into rap legend, namely \\"Brothers Gonna Work it Out,\\" \\"911 is a Joke,\\" \\"Welcome to the Terrordome,\\" \\"Burn Hollywood Burn,\\" and \\"Fight the Power.\\" If you can find this album - it took me over a year to, and when I finally ran across it, I almost passed it over. My reaction was somewhere along the lines of, \\"Oh hey, they have Fear of a Black Planet. Wait a minute... Fear of a Black Planet?!? AWESOME!!!\\" Anyway, this record easily lives up to its infallible reputation, and definitely stands as a rap classic.   By the way, I'd like to say a few words to those who consider PE \\"racist.\\" In the liner notes, they thank Sinead O'Connor, Jello Biafra, and Rick Rubin. All three of them are white. They also speak in favor of interracial marriages on the title track, and sample Van Halen. They have a lot of hatred for racist whites (and so do I), but not all white people. There's a difference.
031606792X|5.0|I find that I must respond to the attacks that have been posted here, accusations that Stephanie Meyer has betrayed the storyline and the complexity of life's challenges for a young woman.  I admit that I faced a different set of challenges as a young man, but life is life, and the challenges of finding oneself and one's path to happiness are often translatable.    This is a good book, a great one really, and a fitting ending to an exceptional series.  And yet, it has been criticized here for being a cop out, a lie to young women that all they have to do is get married, have a child, and everything will work out.  If these were your thoughts after reading the book, my counsel would be to read it again.  To the extent that a novel that is so engrossing and just plain fun needs a \\"point,\\" it can be found within Garrett's speech near the end of the novel.  What the Cullens have found, and what Bella has found through Edward, is love.  Pure, unadulterated love, with a family that accepts her, appreciates her, and, ultimately, would die for her.  And so she embraces those things; she embraces Edward and her life with him, and she embraces the new life that they, albeit unintentionally, create.  What would the acid-laced reviewers have her do instead?  It is they who would create the fantasy that real happiness comes from any number of advanced degrees, powerful careers, and other \\"outside interests.\\"  Of course, these things are not mutually exclusive with happiness, but nor are they one and the same.  I would challenge those reviewers to look at themselves and their lives, in the quiet moments of the day (if they have any left), and reflect upon their own state of happiness.  Is it, perhaps, that Bella has found something that they, despite their sophistications, are lacking?      Those reviewers would have us all believe that their choices are the right ones and that Bella, in her naiveté, has chosen poorly.  They would similarly have us believe that Stephanie Meyer has sent a negative message to young women.  I agree that Stephanie has hit a nerve, but I think it is one that needed to be hit.  A young woman falls in love, true love, waits until marriage to have an intimate relationship, decides to keep her child upon finding herself pregnant, and discovers that, in the end, it is the love of family and friends that is worth living for.  I, for one, am happy to see true priorities take the center stage, and applaud Stephanie for what has been a truly great story.
B000YY67K4|5.0|Don't just listen to this one. No, immerse yourself. This is one of those albums that you have to listen to in a situation where you have no distractions whatsoever, so you can pick up on all the brilliant arranging specifics. If you're playing it in the background for some sort of social event, it's just fine, a nice album with three really great songs. But when you're actually listening, and picking up on the stylistic blends and compositional ingenuity... then it clicks. Everyone talks about the lyrics here above all else, and while I like them, I think the real reason why this has endured as a milestone is because of the musical approach. For one, it's pretty much just one smooth, flowing, thirty-five minute song. I think it's that way by design, which would explain how similar every song is, and how there's no break between \\"Save the Children\\" and \\"God is Love\\" or \\"Right On\\" and \\"Wholly Holy\\". And the arrangements are gorgeous, lush, and beautiful. Never sappy, no matter what all the strings, soprano saxes, keyboards, overdubbed vocals, and lack of anything that someone may consider \\"musically offensive\\" implies. They're just fantastic, mixing elements of R&B, jazz, classical, and Latin. If it was just a flowing, well-arranged, stylistic mocha with no real melodies, I'd still have to give it 3.5 stars or something for atmosphere alone. But I love these melodies! All of them. And every song has several interesting things going on it. Examples? Well, everything on the title track, which is justly one of the most famous songs in history and so over-discussed there's nothing new I can say about it. You also have the choruses and soprano saxes on \\"What's Happening Brother\\"; the strings and melody on \\"Flying High (in the Friendly Skies)\\", the overdubbed vocals on \\"Save the Children\\", featuring one of the earliest examples of the Choir of the First Church of Marvin Gaye; the melody on \\"God is Love\\"; the creepy ending and unconventional structure of \\"Mercy Mercy Me\\"; the Latin-jazz styling and piano hooks of \\"Right On\\"; the soprano sax noodling on \\"Wholly Holy\\"; and pretty much every element of \\"Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)\\", a haunting jazz-rap. It's hard to pick \\"favorite song\\" here - I could argue any song here, except for \\"God Is Love\\" (because it's not even two minutes long) and \\"Wholly Holy\\" (because, besides the soprano sax noodling, it's boring) as best. So maybe I'll call this whole thing \\"even\\". Oh yeah, and the lyrics! Almost forgot about those. They're about the Vietnam War, religion, environmental issues, religion, the gap between the rich and the poor, religion, drug abuse, religion, the end of the world, and religion.he Latin-jazz styling and piano hooks of \\"Right On\\"; the soprano sax noodling on \\"Wholly Holy\\"; and pretty much every element of \\"Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)\\", a haunting jazz-rap. It's hard to pick \\"favorite song\\" here - I could argue any song here, except for \\"God Is Love\\" (because it's not even two minutes long) and \\"Wholly Holy\\" (because, besides the soprano sax noodling, it's boring) as best. So maybe I'll call this whole thing \\"even\\". Oh yeah, and the lyrics! Almost forgot about those. They're about the Vietnam War, religion, environmental issues, religion, the gap between the rich and the poor, religion, drug abuse, religion, the end of the world, and religion.
B000H5V8DG|2.0|Most of the dvds were scuffed/scratched.  As a result, I had to skip ahead and then rewind to the spot where the video froze quite often. I can't help but wonder if this wasn't re-packaged.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book. I thought Stephenie Meyer did a phenominal job in drawing the story to a close. There were alot of surpirses, but at the same time, they brought closure. Of course I, like many, would love to see this story go on.. whether it were from Bella's (or anyone elses) perspective, I'd be happy. Kudos to Stephenie on this one!
B00172RMQ0|5.0|If any of you are wondering, these remasters are incredible. How sad that the record companies foist those Columbia \\"remasters\\" on us several years ago! These are light years better and the packaging is just first-rate. I have purchased Climbing, Nanticket, and Avalanche. I even own the fabulous RAVEN (Audiophile label out of Australia) release which was very good.(Again way better than the Columbia remasters) That Raven release features the first two Mountain albums on one CD.These 2008 \\"DSD\\" remasters are very limited and are already starting to become out of print. Buy it or miss it...great remastering from Sony (Clearly from good masters) and awesome replication of the original \\"windfall\\" artwork. They are exensive. (Anywhere from $17.00+ in Japan to $40.00 from Germany.. Thats \\"each\\") but if you like the audio quality and artwork they are worth it.
031606792X|3.0|The book wasn't great. But neither were the first three. If it took you this long to see through the shallow kitsch I don't know what to say.    Yes, Meyer has taken the easy way out. I rolled my eyes several times at the silliness of most of it. I mean, she even went so far as to have Charlie hook up with another woman within the last few pages of the novel because it wasn't enough for Bella to get everything she wanted as it was.    But although she outdid herself in terms of bad writing and ridiculous plot turns, the bottom line is I was entertained. Thus I give the book three stars. And there were aspects of the novel that were great. I enjoyed reading the portion narrated by Jacob, who has always been a favorite character of mine. Also, I thought the various vampire clans & nomads were an interesting touch. Perhaps it would have enriched the novel if she fleshed out some of these characters more.    This is just the literary equivalent of paying money to see a cheesy popcorn chick flick in a movie theater.  In short, It helps if you just enjoy this book for what it is and stop complaining.  I'm just laughing out loud at some of these reviews agonizing over this final installment.
031606792X|4.0|First off, I get what the 1-and 2-star raters are saying. There are a lot of things in this book you can find fault with, personally I think it's too long and not enough dialogue; there's too much of what's going on in Bella and Jacob's mind.     But then why do I give it 4-stars? Because it's a freakin book. To those who say it wraps up too neatly, I say \\"So what?\\" That's what books are for. We don't always get happy endings in real life, so why can't we want for Bella to have it all? And as a 22-year-old, yeah I find it a little off in ways I can't exactly pinpoint just yet, but it's a YA book (young adult), and from my time working in a library I think the target demo is 13-18. I guess my point is just to take this book for what it is; a vmapire romance about an 18-year-old. It wasn't disappointing.
0140186409|5.0|I just finished reading \\"The Grapes of Wrath.\\" Steinbeck's simple but poetic prose shows a mastery of subtlety and expertise. The dialog was very believable and realistic.  The period in which J. Steinbeck wrote as did Hemingway was the realism movement, which never really strayed too long into what the characters were thinking or feeling. The characters words on the surface is what portrayed who they were and Steinbeck expertly reveals all of them, even down to his tertiary characters, Ruthie and Winfield. Ma Joad and Tom are beautifully realized as was Casey the former preacher.<br /><br />If I have any quibble with the story, it's some of the chapters, which were a little too polemical and didactic. I felt Steinbeck trying too hard to drive his personal beliefs down my throat about \\"The Man versus the corporation and big business.\\"  Overall however, I still came away with great admiration for what he tried to accomplish with this story, considering we had just come out of the Depression only about five or six years later followed by the destructive Dust Bowls, created by man.<br /><br />I now understand why this novel is considered in such high esteem by so many experts and admirers of fiction. \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" is truly one of the great American novels!
031606792X|4.0|I have read many negative reviews of this book, but I felt like everything was tied up neatly and happily for all of the characters.  Edward and Bella are together forever.  Jacob found his own measure of happiness.  Even Charlie finally got the girl.  Well, why not?  This book is a fairy tale.  Vampires and shape shifters, people!  Why does a book have to cause a lot of angst and negative feelings?  I love a happy ending.  Isn't this world full of enough sadness, failure, and hopelessness.  A book like this is about escapism.  I fell in love with these characters, flaws and all.  When I finished this book I had a smile on my face and happiness and satisfaction in my heart.  Long live Bella and Edward!  Thank you, Stephenie Meyers, for four books that touched my heart.
0446677450|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much. Not only was it fun to read, I learned a lot. Excellent!
031606792X|4.0|SPOILERS AHEAD!    Breaking Dawn was far from my favorite book in the series but it was still a great read.  Stephenie Meyer's imagery is wonderful and Jacob's chapter titles were particularly imaginative.  As someone who loves the series and the characters, I was happy to go on the journey Meyer mapped out for them.  This is not a heavy fiction manifesto...it's a romantic, endearing, emotional story that was wrapped up the way the author intended.  Would I have liked to see a little more loss after Bella turned vamp?  Absolutely.  Did I think the character lost the charm that made her so relatable? Yes....but did I want Jacob to disappear or Bella to remain human?  No.  As readers, we can't have it both ways.  I was happy to go along with Meyer on her tale even if it wasn't exactly how I would have told it myself.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|I'm not sure why anyone would give it any lower rating than a 5 star, but this is a great movie, one of the greatest ones in movie cinema so far.  This movie will leave you thinking about humanity and its actions long after you've finished it. There are no other words to describe the movie, you simply have to watch it.
1577314808|5.0|There are a lot of reviews on this site debating the truth of the teachings in the Power of Now, whether its statements are true, whether they are valid, whether they are boring, whether they are interesting.    These reviews miss the point of the book. The book is an introduction to a practice - a practice of being in the present, of being centered and still. It gives you the tools to look at your mind, and by looking at the mind, be identified with the awareness that is watching the mind - what Tolle calls the watcher. The more one can do this, the more they find their life improving, and a deeper connection with source, the spirit, their deeper self.    The words of the book are not perfect. The arguments against or for the book and the way the content is presented may have validity. But again, they miss the point. The point is to *use* the tools presented in the book and see what happens to your life, to uncover a deeper meaning to your reality. Without practice, the book is simply another \\"interesting book\\", with which the ego mind can judge, evaluate, criticize, adore, adulate, admire etc. for its own reasons.    Put the principles of the book into practice in your life, and then you will *see* the value of the book, its simplicity, power and truth.
B00127RAJY|5.0|[[ASIN:B00127RAJY Jillian Michaels - 30 Day Shred]]  To do this workout, you need to be at a pretty good fitness level before beginning it.  It will help you with the last 10-20 pounds of weight loss.    I've been doing this workout at home and it only takes about 23 minutes to complete (3 minutes warm-up, 3 6-minute circuits, and 2 minute cool down), and I'm getting really great results after just a couple weeks due to the intensity of the workout (without working out every day).      The premise is that if you do this intense workout, it takes the place of an hour long workout.  I wasn't sure that I believed it, but I was game for trying it since finding time to workout with a busy schedule can be tough.  If you are game, you may want to do it--it's not mamby-pamby girly stuff; it's HARD and has three levels to work through.      The steps are pretty basic and can be done by most anyone.  Each 6 minute circuit consists of 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of cardio, and 1 minute of abs.  I've done Level 1 and Level 2--still working my way to level 3!  You don't get breaks, and Jillian tells you that if you need to stop, only stop for 5 seconds--if you're going to workout for only 20 minutes a day, you need to work hard with high intensity the whole time.    Level 1 is more basic and works on getting your strength and stamina built, and Level 2 is harder and works abs into more of the moves.  I haven't done it yet, and I expect Level 3 to be even more intense.    You need hand weights (3, 5, 8, or 10 lbs depending on your fitness level) and a mat if you work out on a hard surface-and you need about 23 minutes of time to do it every day--and determination to finish the workout without stopping.
B000NA28I4|4.0|I did not expect much except good performances from Jeremy Irons and John Malkovitch, who always 'deliver'. I got better than I bargained for: while  characterizations are under-developed and obvious barrowings overworked, there is much good acting, direction, scenery, photography, art-direction, animation, music, etc., etc. A good movie I'll see again.<br /><br />For the rest, read Jeff Shannon's \\"Product Review\\". And no: based on the reviews, I don't plan to read the book any time soon. I already have my own Anne McCaffrey collection...
031606792X|5.0|I actually just started reading the series about 3 weeks ago and had such a horrible time putting them down.  I was obsessed and excited about being able to read everyday and would take it with me to work, on a car trip and it became a permanent fixture in my bedroom until I was done.  I though that this last book was the ending that I wanted!!  I know that it is so far from reality and that nothing that good ever happens to an average gal like me, but that is what I loved about it.  That in the end she gets to have and keep it all!!    I was actually surprised that Renee wasn't a bigger part of her grand picture in the end.  I know that she was mentioned and thought of as she thought her life would end, I just thought that maybe Renee would be able to meet her namesake once in the story.  I was a bit upset about the way that Alice left, but was so happy in what she did to make sure that everyone in her family was ok.      I would recommend this series to anyone on the planet!!  It filled my void from finishing Harry Potter last year and I dare say, I was more touched, excited, sad and completely addicted to these books!!
031606792X|5.0|I finished BD this afternoon and after finishing, I felt satisfied with the entire experience of the four books.  Really liked them!  When I read reviews that completely tore down each facet of BD, I was astonished to see people taking it SOOOOO seriously, and for a moment I felt shallow-minded because it never occurred to me to scrutinize it so intensely!  I thought there must be something wrong with ME, but, after my own \\"careful analysis\\" I realized there are too many people who take things WAY too seriously.  THIS IS FICTION!  THIS IS FOR ENJOYMENT! THIS TAKES US AWAY FROM THE REAL WORLD! THIS RELIEVES US FROM OUR OWN STRESSFUL LIVES!  Stephenie Meyer did just what she intended - wrote a wonderful set of fictional books that took us away from our real world worries, engrossing us in a wonderful tale.  Face it, we all wish there were happy endings to EVERYTHING, but if you are living in reality you know this is not possible.  THAT'S WHY WE READ THIS TYPE OF FICTION!!!!!  (I liken all the nay-sayers to people who are so involved in soap operas that if they were walking down the street and saw one of the actors who plays a wicked character in the soap, they would slap and demean the person who plays that particular character!)  I stand by my five stars - good job Stephenie Meyer!  When I want reality I'll go to the non-fiction section of the library or bookstore!  Chill out!  Have FUN!!  I recommend the entire series!
0060973293|5.0|Worth the time to learn how expert traders analyze the market.  One of many in my collection.
B000XNZ7LG|5.0|A few weeks ago, my daughter and I watched The Pianist by Roman Polanski, on DVD. This 2002 Polish-French-German-British production, is an Academy award-winning movie was based on the life of Polish-Jewish pianist Wadysaw Szpilman, a famous pianist who recorded with Polish radio at the beginning of World War II.    the movie is based on Szpilman's book that he comprised of the journals he kept during the war; Polanski hired Ronald Harwood to write the screenplay.     Polanski, who is Jewish (his father changed the family name), was a boy in Krakow during World War II, and Polanski drew heavily on his own experiences to give this movie the incredibly realistic feel, costuming, and and setting that it has. The movie was filmed entirely in Germany and Poland. Massive sets were built in Warsaw, to recreate how Warsaw used to look, and parts of the movie were filmed in the reconstructed old town of Warsaw. (Warsaw was flattened and most of Warsaw consists of high-rise apartment buildings built in the 1950s.)      There is a scene in the movie in which a family friend selects Szpilman to leave the line, which saves his life. Szpilman's journal says \\"Run,\\" but Polanski shared his own experience of a similar event in the bonus features. In Polanski's life, a Nazi officer helped save Polanski's own life when the boy was age 6 by saying, \\"Don't run,\\" so that the young Polanski would not create a disturbance or to make it obvious that Polanski was a Jewish boy on the run for his life.    So Szpilman's book was changed from \\"Run\\" to \\"Don't run\\" in the movie.    Very telling, that stage direction.    In Polanski's life, he and his parents saw the erection of the wall in Krakow that separated the Jewish ghetto from the rest of Krakow. His parents were sent to concentration camps where his mother, then pregnant, died. His father eventually escaped to France, where Polanski lived as a young child before returning to Poland to begin his film career. Polanski now lives in France and is a French citizen.    This film is superb and is wholly deserving of the awards and accolades it received. It won the the Palme d'Or  at Cannes, Oscars for Best Director, Best Actor (Adrien Brody), and Best Adapted Screenplay.  It also won seven French Cesars, including Best Actor for Brody, who became the only American actor to win a Cesar.     Even though the movie concerns the absolutely horrific events Szpilman and his family lived and died through, it is uplifting at the end, in that Szpilman survives due to help from a German officer.      Szpilman died in 2000 (1911-2000).    Adrien Brody lost weight to play the role of the waif-like Szpilman, and took months of additional piano lessons to increase his proficiency as a pianist. Polanski is nothing if not a stickler for realistic details. No trickery for Polanski's films. All scenes that show Brody playing the piano, are in fact, Brody playing the piano.     Other scenes that do not show Brody playing are played by pianist Janusz Olejniczak, who also provided the soundtrack.  Featured music includes Chopin, Beethoven, Mozart, Bach.    If you do not see any other Polanski movie or any other movie about the Holocaust, you must see this one.    I have deliberately left out much of the story of how Szpilman survives against all odds, who helps him, who does not, who lives, who dies, where he goes and what he sees, because you have to witness this event first-hand. The incredible scenery, the destruction, the realistic costume design, everything about this movie is riveting without depressing the heck out of you. This is as riveting a story as that of Anne Frank.      A+. An asbolutely superb movie.
B001AJVR5M|1.0|For all the hype that was created for the Jonas Brothers and how great they are this album sure is a total let down. Avoid it at all cost unless you are a true die hard Jonas Brother fan. Sure they have a pleasant enough voice, but besides \\"burning up\\" there's not one song on their album i can sit through; don't get me wrong they're great song writers but they whine too much through out most of their songs. It's a horrible experience and they don't have the vocals to carry the parts of the songs that don't require them to whine. \\"lovebug\\" however i will point out is the one song where i can't understand what they where thinking when they where writing  it, they're normally DECENT song writers, i don't know what went wrong there.   If your not a JB fan but just another amazon shopper or music listener looking for music to buy then please avoid buying this album at all cost, the JB are really nothing more than just a product of good PR. However to be fair do download \\"burning up\\", it does catch on.
B0011HF6GE|4.0|For Emma, Forever Ago (2008, Jagjaguwar) Bon Iver's first studio album. ***1/2    From his name, I automatically thought Van Morrison. This even before I knew he had a rootsy-folk sound. Then when I started the album there were the signature rolling acoustic guitars that also open Van Morrison's brilliant Astral Weeks. After about twenty seconds I then expected to hear the trademark wailing vocals that we know so well, but instead was treated to Sam Beam-like falsetto. I sat there for a moment, almost perplexed, and thought \\"Well gee, this ain't bad.\\"    Bon Iver isn't the most original artist in the world, and the songs are very elementary in structure, but it's his voice, his lyrics that make For Emma what it is. And what it is is a great start to a what should be a very bright songwriting career. \\"Flume\\" is the album's greatest point, unfortunately for us it's in the beginning. Still, the way Bon Iver's voice sways, the play with stressed and unstressed words is haunting. And although the obvious influence is Iron & Wine, there is no need to go overboard; there are far more differences in their deliveries that it's almost not worth mentioning. Iron & Wine has the tendency to make songs more complex, either from the beginning or as the song travels on. Bon Iver, though, is very content with a simple strum of his guitar, even if it's just a few basic chords. I'm okay with it, too.     -Stephen  [...]
B00005JPO1|5.0|The film does not need a long commentary because the character is known by all and he is just the same as before, equal to himself. The film is funny because it reinvents the KGB, the Soviet Union, Stalin and the whole cold war just for fun. It is true that was easy in those days to have an enemy. After all he had the Nazis in one film, so why not the good old Soviet communists. But what is rather surprising is how Spielberg merges some influences in this new film. Amazing how his search is based on riddles, like Harry Potter's adventures. Amazing how E.T. finds his way into Peru and the old Incas, even if they seem to speak Maya. But that's just a Detail of course. But I find this not as creative as we could have expected. To attribute human culture, human civilization to the coming of an extra-terrestrial species of intelligent beings that looked like plain terrestrial human beings, to teach the very primitive human beings how to grow potatoes or corn is slightly trendy but banal. To bring together Siberia, the Pharaohs and the Incas, Mayas and why not Aztecs is rather easy and founded on so little. It is true there is also the theory that everything came from Antarctica with extra-terrestrials and all the paraphernalia of that sort, but that had been used by Aliens and Predators. He apparently preferred Stephen King's approach and his Tommy-knockers but without the cruelty, the vampirism of King, just the subservient gullibility of human beings who believe in a legend and that these strange beings were ready to share. Why not, since they officially did it before. That's one of the big contradictions of this film. These extra-terrestrials are not logical: they don't share their knowledge and they even try to destroy those who help them to move to that twilight zone lying (two meanings) between two universes. I must say Anne Rice's rewriting of these myths and legends is a lot more convincing and creative because she remains essentially human and her beyond belief idea is to bring in both witches and vampires. But these are human somewhere, are our everyday neighbors and friends, not the distant extra-terrestrials, and Anne Rice remains within the scope of human feelings, passions, derangements too but human all the same. The most attractive element is of course the third generation of Joneses. The dear Indiana Jones is finally provided with a son and that son is the one who takes him into the adventure. Hence he is the sequel of the old aging Indiana Jones who repeats he is old and aging so many times that I lost count about 20 minutes after the beginning. And it is true there are a couple of slower moments. But after all it is extremely moral and ethical since the younger Jones is provided with a married couple of parents at the end. Charming. Too charming for Indiana Jones. But we will have to do with that small detail. After all Harrison Ford had to step down in style, that is to say in church.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesidea is to bring in both witches and vampires. But these are human somewhere, are our everyday neighbors and friends, not the distant extra-terrestrials, and Anne Rice remains within the scope of human feelings, passions, derangements too but human all the same. The most attractive element is of course the third generation of Joneses. The dear Indiana Jones is finally provided with a son and that son is the one who takes him into the adventure. Hence he is the sequel of the old aging Indiana Jones who repeats he is old and aging so many times that I lost count about 20 minutes after the beginning. And it is true there are a couple of slower moments. But after all it is extremely moral and ethical since the younger Jones is provided with a married couple of parents at the end. Charming. Too charming for Indiana Jones. But we will have to do with that small detail. After all Harrison Ford had to step down in style, that is to say in church.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
B0017R5UAA|4.0|Fleet Foxes (2008, Sub Pop) Fleet Foxes' first studio album. ****    The last thing that the Fleet Foxes want to hear is that they sound like someone else, namely Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, but that it's okay, because CSNY was awesome. Of course the influence - assuredly among many others - is there, but the true sound of the Fleet Foxes is one that is incredible; Pecknold, the band's sole songwriter, has managed to make several of the cuts sound like standards. Even stranger, it sounds as if some of these 'standards' are now being covered by Fleet Foxes. Strange, isn't it?    One spectacular track is \\"White Winter Hymnal,\\" which is pretty self-explanitory. The church-vibed vocal delivery compliments the Americana feel that the rest of the song carries, with only one set of lyrics that is repeated twice. Despite almost every song being incredible, probably the standout among the crowd is \\"Tiger Mountain Peasant Song,\\" a simple acoustic tune that would have fit in perfectly to the catalogue of any folk or folk-rock artist of the 60's and 70's. Its sound is eternal - while it is reminiscent of any age where folk and acoustic guitar were present, it is remarkably fresh, not sounding like Dylan, CSNY, or any other genius.    The overwhelming spirituality that is put into each song staggering, and ironically doesn't appear in the lyrics. The feeling is what makes this album spectacular, for without the sincerity it so desperately needs, the songs would be hollow versions of themselves; it therefore challenges any cover of these new 'standards' to be better than the rich original. (White Winter Hymnal, Tiger Mountain Peasant Song, He Doesn't Know Why)     -Stephen  [...]
031606792X|5.0|I don't understand why people say that the ending of this book was bad.....I think that's the way its was suppossed to happen.....Stephenie Meyer was not going to write a sad ending, and she wasn't going to seperate Edward from Bella....it would have been ridiculous...maybe the baby thing was a little strange, but in the end you understand...This was the right way to wrap Edward's and Bella's story...Actually, I hope that Stephenie writes a book on Jacob's perspective, because now I love him too!!! It would have been good to have had a little more action at the end, but I still loved it!!!
B0017WI5VQ|4.0|19 (2008, XL Recordings) Adele's first studio album. ***1/2    The rumors of Adele's voice have gotten so bad that when the name is mentioned, folks who have never even heard any of her songs ask, \\"Oh yes, isn't that the bird that sounds like Amy Winehouse?\\" To a degree it's true; Adele's voice is reminiscent of Winehouse, but Adele's doesn't have the growl. Instead, her voice sounds a bit more pure, and, as a result, a bit more mainstream. Namely, it's not as good as Winehouse, but that's not who she's supposed to be.    At the album's start, Adele appears to be nothing more than an acoustic Winehouse, with only her voice and guitar providing the sounds. \\"Daydreamer\\" proves to be a great starting point and is one of the best cuts here. It isn't until \\"Chasing Pavements\\" where things really kick in, acting as an overtly obvious single, complete with Mark Ronson's signature production - somewhat similar to that of Phil Spector. The album is a real pleasure to listen to - in fact, there are many prime tunes here, such as the vintage-pop of \\"Cold Shoulder,\\" the slow, sultry \\"Crazy for You,\\" the pleading \\"Melt My Heart to Stone,\\" or the wrenching piano ballad \\"Make You Feel My Love.\\" Despite these numbers - a few of which are really incredible - there are still a handful of duds that weigh the album down, such as the oddly placed \\"First Love,\\" or the entire first half of \\"Tired\\" (which, consequently, turns into a beautiful song for about thirty seconds).    Regardless, she's far better than the run-of-the-mill female singer-songwriters that plague today's music market. No doubt that she will be back with another batch, and as long as she sticks with Mark Ronson - whose production absolutely shines and even saves a few would-be B-side type songs - things can only get better. I hope. (Daydreamer, Crazy For You, Melt My Heart to Stone)     -Stephen  [...]
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|She's 50    She's Sexy     again has delivered a mainstream dance floor album     8/10     This was a present for my Wife     I really liked it after several times   It grow's on you.........
B00132D808|3.0|Pretty. Odd. (2008, Fueled By Ramen) Panic at the Disco's second studio album. ***    As everyone knows, if you've an exclamation point in the name of your band and then drop it, it obviously means you've radically shifted the sound so that you've done crapiness in one genre and now moved on to the next. Why Panic was suddenly inspired by the Beatles is beyond anyone, probably even the band members, but they need to understand that that's not who they are, and they never will be. Pretty. Odd. is not by any stretch comparable to Sgt. Pepper, and any critic who makes that mistake should be shot. Granted, this album isn't garbage. It's not great, either. What we have is an above-average mix of songs that are completely second-rate to their inspirations of 60's psychedelic pop. The lyrics are beyond terrible, and it features far too many instruments that we know no one in the band is capable of playing. If there's anything admirable about their change in approach, they at least chose the correct era of the Beatles to mimic.    -Stephen  [...]
031606792X|2.0|What can I say that hasn't been said? It's purely a wish-fulfillment fanfic with every lead character fulfilling the requirements of a Mary Sue.    Nobody sacrifices, nobody suffers -- there's no tension, only resolution. Nobody is in love for any particular reason except for magic, sparkles, and good-smelling breath. This normally would be fine with me: I like twinkie-fluff as much as the next gal. However, Bella is the wimpiest, most spineless heroine I've ever encountered. She is subservient to the Nth degree, and never redeems herself. I think it's a horrible message for young women. Give me Aerin, Harimad-sol, and Sunshine any day.
031606792X|4.0|I really liked breaking dawn!!  other than edward seeming a little whiny throughout the book  and on the honeymoon some stuff that would have been fun, was  cockblocked out..lol  other than that i liked it a lot.  a lot of  stuff happens and not all of it makes complete sense, but its a ficton book and we all wanted a happy ending and thats what happened.  :)
1400063515|2.0|The obvious premises of this book could have been related in 50 pages or less.  I agree with those who commented that the author is self-engrossed.  I've never wanted to skim-read a book more than this one.
031606792X|2.0|Someone told me that Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight thinking it was a one-book deal. With the great feedback, however, she decided to write more. New Moon and Eclipse followed Twilight, and they were just as gripping as the novel that preceded them. However, she created conflicts in these two novels-- the main one being bella's desire for both edward (her vampire boyfriend) and jacob black (her werewolf best friend who was there for her when edward left), and after reading Breaking Dawn, I've come to the conclusion that she should have gone with her gut and stopped at Twilight-- why? because she created a mess in New Moon and Eclipse that she didn't clean up creatively in Breaking Dawn.     Meyer didn't end her book like an experienced writer. Instead she finished it off like a 5th grader who writes a scary story and at the end has the protagonist wake up from what was just a bad dream. Everything is perfect at the end, and after finishing the book, one feels hollow. 760 pages wasted building up to a climax that never comes.     The absence of creativity wasn't BD's only problem. What readers love about the Twilight, NM, and Eclipse is that the story feels real. Even though we know vampires and werewolves don't exist, Meyer was able to make it seem plausible. There was nothing too weird going on. It was a teenage story with a nice twist. However, Breaking Dawn is the dark and twisted vampire romance novel that girls clad in black would pick up from a dusty bookshelf. After Part One we want to put the book down, because we realize the innocence is completely gone. Luckily, though, Jacob Black takes up the story, and we feel sane again. He shares our point of view-- that the stuff going on around him is extremely bizarre. Sadly, we lose Jacob when he imprints on Nessie, the demon child that Meyer tries to paint as an angel after she kills bella in the birthing process. Finally bella becomes a vampire, and everything we came to know and love in the first three novels is gone. We miss Bella's humanity-- her clumsiness and normalcy in the midst of the supernatural; we miss jake's intense devotion to Bella and his humorous conflicts with edward (I almost puked when Edward called Jake his \\"son\\"); we miss the petty high school buddies-- Mike Newton, Angela, Jess, etc; and we miss the action that never arrives. The Volturi come . . . and then they leave.     In her other novels, Meyer always flirts with being cheesy, but the plot is so enticing that the reader can enjoy edward's and bella's proclamations of love for eachother. In Breaking Dawn, however, we quickly become sick of the two lovebirds and happily welcome Jake's cynicism in Part Two. His disgust with Bella's pregnacny mirrors ours. The truth is, we lost Bella before she turned into a vampire, and Jake is the only person left we can relate to. He is human (despite his ability to phase into a wolf). Then Meyer takes away Jake, too, forcing him into fantasy world with the stupid concept of imprinting.      And so Breaking Dawn left me wondering if Meyer even wrote it, because it had none of the elements of the other novels.    Despite Meyer's sappy and peachy ending, my reaction to Breaking Dawn was sadness. Now I can't even reread the other three books without remembering how badly the saga was ended.
031606792X|5.0|I, like thousands of other die hard Twilight fans, was very much anticipating the release of Breaking Dawn.  I had high expectations for the end of the saga and I am so NOT disappointed.  I love it!!  I thought SM told a fantasic story of true love prevailing.  She tied up the story very well and I loved the happy ending.    The series is a fantasy, therefore, I didn't expect anything about it to be too realistic. When I read I like to be entertained.  This book, with all of it's twists and turns,AND the happy ending definately entertained me...keeping me on the edge of my seat with the drama, surprises and the anticipation.  Totally enjoyable!  SM is my new favorite author and I look forward to the future books she pens.      If you were critical of this book because it wasn't \\"real\\" enough or because you didn't like the \\"neat and tidy\\" happy ending there are a lot of non-fiction books on Amazon you can buy!
031606792X|4.0|Loving the first three books, I was pleased with how the story tied together.  I rated the book with 4 stars because I thought some of the scenes were too long and repetitive in the middle of the book with Bella's health concerns.  But, I felt the ending dramas were as good as any of the conflicts in the first three books, and I felt that some of the minor points of the story line were tied up very cleverly. I agree that people are taking things way to seriously.  I see no reason at all for all the bad reviews people are giving.  A less \\"happy\\" ending would have betrayed the the path of this couple.  I think Bella's struggles with her human life should not and could not translate over to her life as a vampire. It would not have followed the themes or the tone of the way vampire life was portrayed in any of the previous books.
B000000ZGO|5.0|i was saddened when a friend of mine told me that isaac hayes passed.  this is the album that stands out for me.  he will never be forgotten for ANYTHING!!!!!  may he rest in peace.
B0002S943O|5.0|This is one of the best Depeche Mode's video concert, all the songs are great and Anton Corbijn was excelent as director.
B000ZN802W|1.0|Chris is of those people who have had everything handed to him on a silver platter. He graduates from college with honors, no debt and $25,000 left in his college fund account. When his parents offer to put him through Harvard Law and buy him a new car he has a tantrum claiming that he wants nothing to do with their materialistic ways and donates his $25,000 to charity. He runs off to hitchhike and live off the kindness of strangers for a number of months (they feed him, clothe him, employ him, he uses their running water and appliances, etc.). During this time he meets many people who are impressed by his brilliance and insights. All this time his parents are wondering where he is, how he is, and if he's okay, but so is his loving teenage sister. He's decided he's going to go to Alaska to live in the wild so he takes a backpack and wanders around.  He does foolish things like shoots a moose (which weigh anywhere from 600-1800 pounds) for food (it's just him) and all the while he's grumbling about selfish, greedy people and living off the land while living in an abandoned bus with a bed, wood stove, etc. He eventually dies by eating some poisonous berries (he thinks it's the fruit of one plant when it's really another).    Five minutes into the movie, the protagonist shows himself to be spoiled, selfish, and immature and never lets up. The phenomenal soundtrack is the only thing that saves this disaster.
B000HWZ4A2|4.0|Technically, this is one of the worst movies ever made.  The acting is stilted, the music is predictable, and the set designs are pedantic.  Gary Cooper hated his interpretation of the courtroom scene. Ayn fought tooth and nail with the studio heads to have it filmed exactly as she wrote it.  Unfortunately she won.  The heavy hand of novelist Ayn Rand's script is evident throughout.  Fortunately, the theme of the story, a man's uncompromising individuality, more than makes up for the film's shortcomings.  Throughout her life, Ayn, (pronounced eye-ann), Rand, influenced by her childhood experiences in communist Russia, campaigned for the rights of the individual over the collective.  Her novel \\"The Fountainhead\\" was her crowning achievement in this direction.  Although her ideas did not translate into film as well as they might have, her message comes through loud and clear.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone with a mind; but I would read the book first.  Two of my favorite people are Nikola Tesla, and Howard Roark, both of them men of uncompromising integrity.
B0001I55NS|3.0|It is still a good sci fi time travel movie,<br />even if they parched the novel badly.<br />The devil is in the details and they left out<br />so many that a lot is lost.<br />This novel with the archaeology was one of Chichton's best.<br />He actually seemed to care about his characters and subject material.<br />The lead character of the archaeologist who could use a long bow and a sword<br />is truncated to a bit lover story without the background<br />of the interaction between Lady Clair and him.<br />Changing history and the greed of the company back in<br />real time are sort of glossed over...<br />I like the movie anyway, by halves.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|This cd is so awesome!Just hearing the samples makes you wanna buy it!I love the happy songs and the sad songs.A little bit Longer is really inspiring to me.Nick is my hero!
B001AJVR5M|3.0|The following review is objective, and shall not be tainted by teenybopper fanboyism or anti-mainstream cynicism.  I have enjoyed one or two of the Jonas Brothers previous songs, but by no means would I say am a big fan of their work.  I appreciate their infectious sense of humor and charm, and think their songs overall are easy to listen to and catchy.  I expected these boys to branch out a little more with their new release, and am therefore a little frustrated by how derivative A Little Bit Longer sounds.   Overall, the softer moments are the strongest tracks on this album, with the title track about the youngest brother's battle with diabetes being the most vulnerable and least fabricated track on the album-- a welcome relief.  Allow me to commence a track-by-track review:     1.) BB Good- inoffensive pop drivel that is far too filler-esque to start off the album; although Joe's shouting of \\"I just wanna' kiss you girl\\" works. (2/5)     2.) Burnin' Up- the lead single, and one of the catchiest tunes on the album; loses points for total lack of originality though. (4/5)    3.) Shelf- a more mid-tempo track that sounds stale and features some unrefined vocals (at best); should have been kept on the cutting room shelf (2/5)     4.) One Man Show- sounds just like the last four songs, but this time, the vocals are excruciating in the chorus; far too whiny!  (1/5)    5.) Lovebug- a very simple, pretty song for the Jonas Brothers; has a Jack Johnson cool Caribbean feel; marred by the useless chattering in the back and bop-it twisting noises.  (4/5)     6.) Tonight- another catchy song that works overall, but is simply not different enough to stand-out.  (3/5)     7.) Can't Have You- commits the cardinal sin in my book by being thoroughly boring and indistinct; why are the songs so similar lyrically?   There are other subjects other than girls and crushes..ugh.  (1/5)     8.) Video Girl- most definitely the strongest upbeat track on the album featuring amusing lyrics and a distinct flavor; sassy and an original concept in \\"video girl syndrome\\".  (5/5)     9.) Pushin' Me Away- another catchy single that again sounds too similar to the initial Burnin' Up; the verse are stronger than the chorus which kinda' fades into the background. (3/5)     10.) Sorry- probably the strongest vocals found on the album with a pretty harmony in the chorus and pretty instrumentation. (4.5/5)     11.) Got Me Going Crazy- has a lot of potential with a different sonic sample with the electric keyboard, but then turns into another Jonas Brothers song...overly derivative again...yawn!  (2/5)     12.) A Little Bit Longer- I've already mentioned its lyrical significance to Nick Jonas; the song works because it is near and dear to these boys' hearts and you can hear the pain behind these boys' voices; very touching, poignant, and sincere! (5/5)     So, overall I award this album with 3 stars out of 5.  It's slightly above average, but by no means a 5 star or 1 star affair for that matter!     Definitely Download:   1.) Burnin' Up  2.) Lovebug   3.) Video Girl  4.) Sorry   5.) A Little Bit Longer
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|Great album to just listen to casually or to really hear the words and beats.<br /><br />Joel SImkhai
1881273628|5.0|I simply love this book!  This book will strengthen any relationship if you adopt its principles.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I really enjoyed this as the final in the series.  I liked how stephanie wrote through Jacobs eyes for awhile, it was a nice change from listening to Bella whine.   I also appreciated the ending, anything less would have seemed unsatisfying.
6305428220|2.0|So we have another film from the guy that wrote \\"Scream\\", Kevin Williamson. I'm starting to think we have a \\"one hit wonder\\" on our hands, again. Sure, \\"Scream\\" was a pretty good thrill ride, but anything this guy wrote after \\"Scream 2\\" is pretty much a remake of everything else that has already been done. \\"Cursed\\" is every other werewolf movie that's already been done, why not do another \\"Invasion Of The Body Snatchers\\"? Sorry, but this film is almost decent at best. Like I said, it's just another remake with a high school twist. I don't think I'll be seeing this again any time soon.
B0007MTTF8|5.0|[[VIDEOID:28464281]]This book is filled with plenty of character design and set drawings. You'll read no making of the movie. There are also no stills from the movie.<br /><br />The collection of concept art is very colourful, especially the pastel drawings by Dominique Louis and Ralph Eggleston. Every panel drawn by them is a delight to look at.<br /><br />A definite buy for any Pixar fan or if you're buying for kids.<br /><br />(More pictures are available on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
031606792X|3.0|First off I would like to say that this book didn't feel like it was part of the Twilight Saga.  It felt like some strange book that was just added in because it had similar characters.    However, I wish people would chill out and cut Meyer some slack.  It's her book, let her do what she wants.  None of us wrote it, she did.    AND as disturbing in real life as imprinting on a child would be...it's not real life.  At all.  And it clearly explains that imprinting is not a sexual thing at all.  Has no one read Christine Feehan's Dark series?  Happens in those books too.  It's the Soulmate Principal.    Anyway I think the explanation for it being Bella's child is that Renessme was a part of Bella...it could be why Jacob loved Bella in the first place.    This does feel like a completely different book, and a new Bella.  That was the idea behind the book anyway.  A new Bella, a new outlook.  A lot of things come with becoming a vampire in the book and a different outlook would certainly be one of them.    Honestly I wanted Bella to have a cooler power, but I thought that it was interesting.  However I still don't understand why it was so potent in her human life.    I hated the Nessie crap.  But Jacob was never the most intelligent in the series.     I also refuse to believe that true fans think that Meyer is condoning early marriage, early pregnancy, etc.  She's not saying that life is not good without a man.  You have to remember that for Bella, Edward was the other half of her life.  They were made for each other in some cosmic way.  Things happen for a reason and all of that.  He is the half of her whole, and when she went catatonic it wasn't because she couldn't live without a man it was because the other half of her life was missing.    Edward also got everything he ever wanted.  Bella, a family, a chance at a more normal life.  No more competition.  You can't overlook that.      As for marriage and pregnancy...anyone ever think that Meyer was doing the right thing?   Sure she gets pregnant and married at 18...would you rather her have laced the book with elicit affairs where no sexual encounter, protected or not, ever ends in a pregnancy?  Bella was impregnated on her first time.  So many popular stories try to dispell the fact that sex has repercussions.  Bella waited till marriage, and she still had a baby.  You can turn the message into a thousand different things, but you cannot overlook the facts.
031606792X|1.0|I read this review... and it concerned me.     [...]    My response to this article...    It is a breach of trust.  Let me explain...  You explain that YA readers are emotional responders. This is true. Teenagers are very susceptible to emotional rants and raves; so doesn't that mean that Meyer would owe them something? Some sort of understanding, since she's put herself out there as their friend. I don't know about you, but when one of my friends did something way out of character in high school, I was upset about it, and not always in a rational way. Audience needs to be taken into consideration in any publication; YA fiction is no exception. In fact, it's key to the success of a title.  I am not a teenager. I'm 28, and I enjoyed reading the first 3. I was not impressed with the spelling or grammar errors, or the sometimes awkward writing, but I appreciated the storyline, these characters. By Eclipse, I was invested in these people, this world of Forks.  This is where the breach of trust comes in. We depended on Meyer to follow her characters through. To treat them with the same attention that she had in the previous 3. But she didn't. You mention the Da Vinci Code as an example (an adult example, mind you, not relating to YA). Well, if there was a Da Vinci Code II, and those characters suddenly began behaving differently than they had in the previous pages, yes, people would be upset. Would they rush back to the store and return the book, probably not. But they would tell their friends not to read it; perhaps even joke about taking it back, maybe even bbq-ing with its pages. And here's the thing: Meyer has pissed off one of the most connected, internet savvy generations ever. Of course there will be blogs going up, demanding refunds, petitions created, young fans with enough angst to want to burn the book. Of course.   But shouldn't Meyer have known all these things? She appears to have been so closely connected with her fans, as well as her characters that Breaking Dawn does feel like a betrayal of sorts. We all invested our time, some of us our limited funds, begged our parents to stay at the bookstore until midnight, just to have this book and see where Bella & Edward and Jacob were headed.   And we were let down.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I absolutely love the Jonas Brothers new album, A Little Bit Longer. It features the hit single \\"Burnin' Up,\\" which I love!!!!    This album is a must-have for the year...it's really a good album!
B001BMKOZW|4.0|First off like most everyone that has been drawn to this album I was and still am a huge System Of A Down fan but if for some strange reason you've never heard SOAD stop right here and go check out the real deal.<br /><br />After hearing Serj's average solo album I wasn't expecting too much out of this album and when I first got it it didn't knock me out in fact I was pretty disappointed with it. But like all great music I've given it repeated listens and found that this is better than Serj's solo album...not that I hated either I just wanted to hear a new SOAD album rather than what they have released...it's been said before and to over simplify things I will say that if Serj is Lennon then Daron is McCartney which is to say that Serj's lyrics are stonger than Daron's but Daron's music is stronger than Serj's. That being said people that have called Daron's lyrics retarded are missing the point...most of the time they're supposed to be...it's just stupid fun some of the \\"message\\" songs if you will on this album aren't as eloquent/biting as they would have been had Serj written them but the topics are heartfelt and ring true.<br /><br />But it is the music that is definitely the selling point of this album...like me, if when you heard Serj's album you were let down by the middle of the road music that comprised Elect The Dead (apart from a few tracks) Scars On Broadway definitely delivers musically...one look at the liner notes on previous SOAD albums would have told you that Daron was the main musical force behind the band...so it shouldn't surprise anyone that the music on this album is closer to the SOAD sound than Serj's solo album...but it's also worth noting that Daron has a few tricks up his sleeve in this department...in other words there are a couple of additions to the sound that most SOAD fans will welcome<br /><br />All in all this is a very good album  definitely worth checking out...but I'm not gonna lie it doesn't compare to any SOAD album and I hope the hiatus isn't very long.<br /><br />Stand out songs include:<br />Exploding/Reloading<br />Stoner Hate<br />Kill Each Other/Live Forever<br />Chemicals<br />Universe<br />They Sayng.    Stand out songs include:  Exploding/Reloading  Stoner Hate  Kill Each Other/Live Forever  Chemicals  Universe  They Say
B0019FOC5E|4.0|Having seen the stage version in Austin five years ago and the movie just last night, I can attest that it was every bit as good as I could l have hoped for.  In my opinion, I think it returns to the ABBA-esque style of the original songs by including original lyrics and orchestration (\\"Gimme Gimme Gimme\\" and \\"Name of the Game\\", take-out). My only disappointment in the soundtrack is that they left out \\"I Do, I Do, I Do,\\" even though it's in the movie, and it's one of my favorites. I'll be honest, I'm not too crazy about Amanda Seyfried's vocal style, in that it seems out of context for a musical. It's alright for Celtic Woman or something like that, but not for this. Still the music is as incredibly enjoyable as it's been since I first saw this musical. I promise, you won't be disappointed.
031606792X|3.0|As yet another Stephenie Meyer fan, I have devoured every book she has written, until Breaking Dawn.  I struggled to get through this one.  I had (probably too high) high hopes for this book, and found that I felt let down.  While there were parts that kept my interest, I found that Edward's beautiful mind was a bit too quiet for me, while Jacob was his usually whiny and annoying self for a bit too long.  Bella didn't seem to be the same for me either, and I found that while I had always been able to relate to her in the other books, I struggled to even like her in this one.  Part of this could come from my being rather unhappy that my favorite series has come to an end....I will readily admit that I have been hoping that she continues to write from every other character's point of view just to continue the story in any way....however, Breaking Dawn left me unsure that she wants to do anything else with these characters.  I found myself wondering if maybe she's tired of telling Edward and Bella's story and thinking (and hoping) that Stephenie might have a different story to tell now.  Either way, I'll be waiting in line to get whatever she publishes next regardless of my discontent with this ending.
0316143472|5.0|Sedaris' latest, When You Are Engulfed in Flames, is funny, tender, honest, sobering, introspective, heartwarming, lovely, entertaining, and absolutely hysterical. Either you'll love him or you just won't get him, in which case you're probably better off with that copy of the Physician's Desk Reference you found in the dumpster behind your chiropractor's office.
B000W1V5OC|5.0|I only recently became a Nightwish fan after hearing \\"Nemo\\" on a streaming TV music station. I bought four of their CD's and enjoy them all. When I heard they had a live DVD coming out I couldn't wait. I bought it new for a steal on Amazon.com and roared it through my surround system one Friday night. Spectacular show!! This is a very polished and professional band. The crowd was rowdy and appreciative and the musicians superb. Even if you have an issue with female Metal vocalists you should check this out.The bass player sings the lead on half the songs and he's good. He fronts another band called Tarot that also rock. Too bad Tarja left the band as they are in top form for this show. Play it loud, some of it will send chills down your spine. I love it!!!
B0019IB26I|4.0|I love his music and have seen him live 4 times, this album is like being there.  Kinda.
0385736002|1.0|I always skim reviews from Amazon before deciding to read a book so I was immensely disappointed when I started reading this book. First of all, the immortal Nicholas Flamel doesn't seem like he lived for hundreds of years. He seems painfully helpless and the way he talks does not convince me that he's someone who's lived for a very, very long time. And the two siblings, Sophie and what's-his-name, don't show any personality. They're annoyingly bland and bicker at each other for immature reasons. I wanted to give this book a chance because it received such glowing reviews from people but I had to stop at about 200 pages. So, if you do not want to ask yourself \\"Why am I reading this?\\" while reading a book, don't read this.
031606792X|2.0|I love this series like a child....  ...but I don't feel the same way about this!  It's as if I have three perfect children, and then the last one comes out all deformed.    The problem is we got what we wanted, (edward fans i mean)  but for some reason I think that's the bad aspect of it.  There was no controversy for me.  No Jacob butting in, no nothing.  In the end I think thats what killed the Twilight saga. :(
031606792X|5.0|This book was written so well that it became a movie to me. There were some things that i would have not expected, and sort of wish that there was a stand off with the volturi and the cullen clan, but-she totally left it open for another book...not in Bella's perspective, maybe Nessie's?? only time will tell!
031606792X|4.0|ok i loved the book. of course SM tied up loose ends and yeah she could have made someone really important die..but honestly everyone who is bitching about how \\"perfect\\" everything is at the end of the book probably would have bitched about how it was \\"un-perfect\\" if that was how it turned out. and i agree her writing this time seemed a little unlike her....but it was written well. and if anybody responds to this dont think that im going to waste my time arguing with you because you are probably stupid and have no idea what you are talking about anyway.
031606792X|5.0|This book was absolutely perfect. It had the perfect ending and it was truly a feel good ending. Many reviewers have said that they don't like that Bella gets everything that she wants, but what's wrong with that? Isn't that something that a fairy tale should convey? That there can be happy endings? That's the message that this book gives; that even in a bad situation you can have hope and something good can come from it. No, maybe you won't have everything work out the way you want it to but it is a fairy tale and it's meant for people to enjoy; it's not SUPPOSED to be real. It's fantasy and it is the best fantasy book that I've ever read!
1594489505|5.0|I enjoyed \\"The Kite Runner\\" by Khaled Hosseini - it was a runaway bestseller and was made into a movie.<br /><br />But \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" tore me up. I had to put the book down several times during the last 50 pages because I was crying so hard. The love and friendship that grew between the two women of the story was so movingly and beautifully rendered, my heart swelled with compassion. What the Taliban did to the women of Afganistan was beyond horrible. Oh but we of more enlightened times and places must always remember our freedoms are new and dearly won!<br /><br />Thank you, Mr. Hosseini.
031606792X|1.0|First of all, I love this series and Stephanie Meyer's other books.  But this is bad. I mean, everything that she was hinting would happen in the next book was gone. The Jacob/Bella/Edward love triange? Gone. The sacrifice that Bella was supposed to make? Gone. She got everything.  Now, I personally love it when a person has a happy ending, but when it is poorly written with a cheesy storyline, what's the point of reading the book? I might as well have asked my best friend's opinion instead! She introduced me to the series, and now I may never be able to enjoy it ever again!
B0006J28KU|5.0|It's an adventure into the world of high-end criminals.  You see the human frailties of the detectives, the criminals and the people supporting them.  You can watch it over & over and stay riveted.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD is GREAT for people who are short on time. I am a stay-at-home-mom and have a 3 m.o. and a 19 m.o. so it is hard to find any time to myself during the day. I've managed to find the 25 minutes in the day that it takes to do this workout. Jillian will definitely give you a good workout if you are at a beginner or intermediate level (not sure about advanced because I'm nowhere close). I have had this DVD for a little over a month now but have only used is consistently over the past 2 weeks and can definitely feel a difference when I workout(I am still at Level I), in my energy level during the day, and have already lost a few pounds which is hard to manage when breastfeeding. I like how she cycles through Strength, Cardio, and Abs. Doing it that way the workout is over before you know it. I highly recommend this DVD.
0895260131|1.0|P.I.G. \\"Guides\\"?<br /><br />I agree, they are guides....<br />....to smearing yourself with the product of the toilet of Hate Speech and calling yourself wise.<br /><br />Just biased, right wing trash to help simpletons justify their bigotry.  I don't mind it being on the internet, we can order the \\"Tubgirl\\" video and other stuff of the same value to literature.  What I don't like is how they are stocked in RL book stores.  They tend to not carry anything I really like, too much I have to order from the net.  BUT, these books, more right wing trash, \\"Christian\\" literature and other toilet paper are on the shelves.  And you know what..?  Even though I'm in a so-called \\"Red\\" state, the \\"Right Wing\\" literature tends to gather dust on the bookstore shelves.  They don't sell it, but keep it on the shelves.  Their target audience gets all their \\"Bigotry Re-enforcement\\" from talk radio and US$20 is 1/8th their truck's weekly gas bill or a lot of cheap beer.<br /><br />Let this trash stay here, but it's time to tell the bookstores, by letter, by e-mail, by talks to the manager that we'll vote with our WALLETS if they don't take them out.  Oh, and yes, I did read through them till I was about ready to puke.
B000ZOXDFA|1.0|This was awful! The only redeeming value to this mess was the visuals. The costumes and sets look nice, but that's it! This movie was COMPLETELY inaccurate! It completely cuts Robert Dudley out of the story, even though he didn't die until after the battle with the armada. Where was Francis Drake? He harried the Spaniards more than Raleigh ever did and he's missing from the story as well (he also circumnavigated the globe, which made him a national hero). And the Spaniards weren't intercepting Mary Queen of Scots letters at all, Walsingham was too clever for that. Is it so much to ask that movies like this acutaully have some semblence of truth to them?
B000QXDED6|4.0|If I could re-write the graphic novel it is based on I'd have the epilogue being the tale told by beings in a far future earth preparing for a desperate last battle, perhaps protecting a giant space ark from Abhumans just long enough so it can launch, sacrificing themselves in the process.      The movie was incredible, but short of perfection by the inclusion of modern \\"Right Wing\\" bias to it.  And I've seen this seized on by mentally defective persons who buy the \\"Right Wing\\" line of Rich Elite worship and hate speech masked as patriotism.      And the real irony is, without this movie if anything about Spartan culture had been proposed they'd have called the person a Communist, a Nazi (social Darwinism), a homosexual and a NAMBLA member.  That same \\"Lykurgos\\" the Law-Giver did cool things like banning money.  That traitor ambassador wouldn't have had anything to spend his ill gotten shekels on.  To be precise, money wasn't banned, but it had to be in large iron disks, coins were forbidden as was gold, decorating a mantle in gold or silver or jewels, displays of wealth...  The long and short, yes you could make rare big purchases, like a new ox to plow your fields, but there was no 'coin' to casually spend on frivolity.  And without that, there were no people coming to supply that market, no sellers of wares, no whore mongers, no usurers...  In short, Lykurgos was an early Communist.  He 're-distributed' the land, btw...      And the Spartans were mercenaries, but at least they were defending their own land in that battle.  They went on foreign wars all the time, BUT they chose their battles VERY carefully, and this choice was \\"how does this benefit us?\\"  If King Leonidas could talk to today's impoverished troops, he'd doubtless tell them to mutiny and set up their own little mini-kingdom in Iraq, and use that position to profit off oil sales.      The story itself is a bit different from History.  In RL the traitor was a farmer who was unhappy with his lot in society, since the warrior class were tops and had fun beating everyone but their women when they weren't at war to keep them afraid of them.  And the oracle said in RL that Sparta would fall but that future could be averted if the king gave his life.  Yes, this is real.        Other bits of artistic license are cool, though.  The RL battle would have been boring to today's audience, mainly because it'd be hard to watch.  They didn't randomly break their Phalanx to do acrobatics, they'd have been wiped out in seconds.  The Persians had another traitor, an exile from Sparta who gave the king warning;  \\"No Spartans are not ten feet tall or superhuman.  By himself a Spartan while certainly strong and a good fighter, is no different than any other man.  What makes them so effective is that through their lifestyle and training they can all act as one individual, be they by the dozens or by the thousands.\\"    A more RL edit of this movie would be better, like the giant bridge Xerxes built a mile long to reach Sparta, of scuttled ships.
B000O5AYCA|5.0|This album is amazing.  Lyrics are deep as hell.  Thick with imagery. It will make you sit around and reflect on your life as you listen to the songwriter reflect on his.  The music is perfect.  On the opening track, \\"Fake Empire\\" they resist the urge to go in for the kill early insteads they choose for a steady ride to the finish.  The entire album Nothing is overdone.  It all fits in the right place.  Its like channeling the best of 80's R.E.M. and U2 with a touch of the Smiths to go with it. Like listening to a Rock Symphony.  Easily, hands down, the best purchase I made last year.  A true 5 star album.
B000MGATTE|3.0|This wasn't a bad novel, and I suppose I had high expectations considering the author.  However, it wasn't until after about 300 pages did I really start to sink my teeth into the plot. It wasn't laborious, but it shouldn't take so long to become hooked.  This length  of time did allow me to really get to know the characters on a personal level.  The teasing with little crumbs of the mystery he has yet to reveal provided some motivation to continue reading.  But this was not one of those books I just couldn't put down.
B0013K6WLM|5.0|I always thought the Black Keys were a cool little band but with Danger Mouse production skills it just makes them so much better.  It gives them a fuller sound with beats you can bob your head to.  Back story to this album is amazing.  Supposively Danger Mouse was going to produce a blues record for the legendary Ike Turner but he needed a backing band.  The Black Keys agreed to be that backing band.  While they were reheasing with Danger Mouse(Turner not present), Ike Turner passed away.  Eventhough the Turner record was a no-go Danger Mouse and Keys formed a great chemistry together and decided that they should make their album together.  Pure Genius.  DM did not uber-commericialize it, he just sharpened the edges a bit plus adding nice bass line for a back beat to songs like, \\"Psychotic Girl\\" or using a syntheseizer and keys on the chorus to \\"Strange Times\\" to give it bigger body without ruining it.  Favorite songs- \\"Psychotic Girl\\" \\"Strange Times\\" \\"So he won't Break\\"
031606792X|4.0|To quickly qualify my review - I discovered the Twilight Saga about a month ago, so I have basically read all four books as one 2500-page novel. I'm in my fifties, and the series was recommended to me by a 20 something guy at a bookstore. Bottom line, I can't speak to the young adult audience for whom the saga was written, and I didn't have years between books to ruminate about how it would all end. Also, whether the laws of Meyer's supernatural world were bent or broken during the writing of this book is for other reviewers to debate.     As I read the Twilight saga, the two things that carried me were the romance and suspense. The romance (whether you're a member of Team Edward or Team Jacob) was palpable throughout. The works that inspired the first three books in the saga - Pride and Prejudice, Romeo and Juliet, and Wuthering Heights - number among the great romantic stories of our time, and Meyer adapted them brilliantly to her story of first love in town of Forks, WA. In terms of suspense, big battles never seemed to be the author's choice. Tense moments were built more out of implication than body count. The final showdown with James in Twilight seemed to me the most graphic battle of the first three books. The scenes with Laurent and the Volturi in New Moon were suspenseful, but no blood was shed in either. Even in Eclipse, the confrontation with Victoria and her minions played out like the chorus describing an off-stage battle in a Greek tragedy (with a bit of head rolling tossed in for good measure). So, tense and dramatic, yes. But violent and filled with depictions of hand-to-hand combat, no.    Having said that, I think that Breaking Dawn needed more of the kind of \\"Cowbell\\" that made me a fan in the first place. All the heat of that torchy, end-of-the-world, young love was reduced to a patio-sized chiminea. The newlywed's preoccupation with sex was not a problem for me. After all, these kids had two years of pent-up passion to work out of their systems. Heck, I was almost as frustrated as they were by the time they hit that island. For me, the issue had more to do with the small amount of screen time given to Bella and Edward's great LOVE. It seemed as though the wedding guests were still picking rice of our their hair when Bella's first bout of morning sickness made an appearance. Where was the cuddling, the pillow talk, the connection between two young lovers who have finally become one? As for the other kind of Cowbell, i.e., suspense, there's a good reason that no one ever refers to The Merchant of Venice as real page turner. While the play includes a great bit of debate over a pound of flesh, I never for one moment thought that a pound of flesh would actually be extracted. Same here. I didn't expect a limb-tearing, flying-head, re-do of The 300. That's never been Meyer's style. What I did expect, though, was to believe that the characters believed - even for a moment - that they were really in danger. And I didn't.    If I'd been Meyer's editor, I'd have advised her to go for more romance (with a capital R) between Bella and Edward, less Shylock and more Buffy on the battlefield, and I'd have given that vampire UN (like the U.S. Congress) the rest of the summer off. I wasn't Meyer's editor, though. I was just one of her many readers. And as one of her readers, I have to say that I had a pretty bitchin' summer thanks to the Twilight Saga. The story kept me turning pages for about a month, and I can't remember the last time I did that much reading without a thesis paper due at the end. Also, I think Meyer does a great acknowledgements page and, based on her recommendation, I discovered the band Muse. If it's possible for music to \\"sound like\\" a book, Muse actually evokes for me memories of the Twilight Saga. Pretty cool, eh?    I hope that the negative reviews of Breaking Dawn don't keep people from making a stop in the town of Forks. It's actually a pretty interesting place with some pretty interesting people-- and an inordinate number of really cool cars.
B00005JLZN|5.0|... (as usual), I haven't yet seen a movie about death penalty which have tackled the real issues : the bible inspiration being the most ludicrous (an eye for an eye, etc...), why not think about the best thing  coming out from death penalty, which is NO ONE EXECUTED HAS  EVER BEEN A REPEAT OFFENDER. Another GOOD REASON for death penalty is that (almost) no one ever complained about the way dogs with rabies are dealt with, so why insist on considering mad dogs standing on their hind legs are human : just remember what Konrad Lorenz said 'The missing link between ape and man is US', so, those who don't want to behave as human beings should not be regarded as such, and therefore should not benefit of any human status  . The second best thing being that anyone executed is not as much as a burden for the taxpayers as those who get board and food for 5/10/15/....years. For those who lament over the innocent victims of a mistrial they should be aware that, with over 7 billions beings plaguing the planet, those few will never be enough to ease the problems created by overpopulation (and. if they have any question about me, they should know I would be happy  to be one of those judicial errors, so I wouldn't have to bear any more with their self-righteousness stupidity - sorry for the redundancy).
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|i grew up on madonna and as time goes by, she gets better and better.  this album is a good example of that.  i don't pay attention to that \\"reinventing herself\\" stuff.  its the music that is not reinvented but evolving and adapting to the sound of popular culture,  as long she likes, madonna can keep putting out music that people will enjoy
0143038419|5.0|This book looked interesting and intriguing, and I love reading books about peoples travels, so I decided to give it a try, but bought it as an audiobook. I think the people who think the author is whiney and self-absorbed should try listening to her narrate the story herself, because i'm pretty sure it wont sound that way, like it apparently does in print. Anyway I absolutely loved the book. the author was vulnerable in her open lonliness and desperation, giving the book a very relatable and bittersweet rawness. It was also funny, insightful, and warm, with a sweet and uplifting tone. Awesome read! :)
B001AJVR5M|5.0|4.5 stars    Here I am, surprised again by the Jonas Brothers. What an outstanding offering.    Before I go any further, I want to explain my ranking system. I'm not comparing this CD to Abbey Road, Dark Side of the Moon, or even Thriller. I'm placing it into its intended category: young boy bands making pop music. Then I assign it a rating, 1-5 stars, based on how well I believe they represented their genre of music.    And boy (pun intended), are they making good pop music.    I came upon the Jonas Brothers last year when I saw their last CD debut in the top 5 on Billboard. As always with a group or performer of whom I'm unfamiliar, I checked them out and saw that they were \\"Hanson-ish\\". As Hanson, mostly full grown, had released a terrific and highly underrated CD ([[ASIN:B0001KFSSS Underneath]]) not too long ago, I was interested to see if Jonas Brothers was another Hanson in the making. I sampled a few tracks, liked what I heard, downloaded it, and instantly loved it. I was, and still am surprised by the maturity evident in their music (if not always their lyrics).    When they announced a new album, so close upon the heels of [[ASIN:B000OZ2CO8 Jonas Brothers]], I was worried that they were moving too quickly, especially as I read that they had been on tour, filmed a movie, and apparently did at least one hundred million different things between then and now.    When they announced that that they would be releasing four singles off the CD prior to its release, I thought they were insane. Most bands have one commercially appealing single, if they're lucky, and if they're phenomenally talented, they'll have several. I hadn't made the jump yet to thinking that the JBs were quite that talented.    The first song, \\"Burnin' Up\\" was a great song, musically, though again the lyrics were suspect, and the video (sorry guys) was really, really cheesy. \\"Pushing Me Away\\" was a good song, but it didn't elicit the number of listens that \\"Burnin' Up\\" did. Still, I thought it was a commercially viable single. The third was \\"Tonight,\\" and while that wasn't my favorite of the bunch, I still liked it. It has good guitar work, and a strong, driving beat. With that driving beat, though, I was somewhat concerned that they were leaning toward that style. We've seen it on a few of their songs already. \\"A Little Bit Longer\\" went a long way toward quelling any concerns I had, as it was very different from anything I've heard from them in the past (I am not familiar with their first CD, and wish it would be re-released). It seemed strange to listen to Nick singing a song about his diabetes, especially with the clichéd line, \\"you don't know what you've got until it's gone,\\" normally reserved for human relationships, but that strangeness wore off quickly, and I found the song very touching - especially after I found the lyrics online (being a bit hard of hearing, I rely on seeing the lyrics, and often tend to judge music first on the music, second on lyrics - odd because I'm a writer...).     And now the whole CD is here.    My other concern, that they would be releasing the only songs worth listening to, thus making the CD a downer, was blown away with the first chords of BB Good. Really excellent song, amazing beat, silly but fun lyrics, and the guitar work reminiscent of some of the 70s stadium bands like Queen or Journey, with great keyboard accompaniment. And their ability to craft insanely addictive hooks is so evident here. I haven't been able to get the chorus of this song out of my mind all day.    Lovebug, too, was a standout. It had a touch of bluegrass to it, reminding me somewhat of Michelle Shocked combined with the calmer sensibilities of \\"Anyone Else But You\\", from the movie Juno. I thought the talking in the song was funny - unlike others, it didn't throw me off, but felt organic.    The rest of the CD is strong too. They've really grown, musically, and that's good to see. They're not relying on old hooks or tricks, and are, for themost part, finding new ones.    Now my concern is that they're over-saturating the market with everything JONAS, especially with the upcoming sitcom on Disney. Flames that burn too brightly when they're first lit sometimes are the quickest to die. It didn't happen to the Beatles, though, or their solo careers, so let's hope it doesn't happen with these guys. They're still very young, and they seem (well, Nick's the leader, and he seems) to have an innate ability to write music people want to listen to. I hope that they're able to stick to what they seem to best at: making great music that's easy to love.
0394810112|5.0|it was just as advertised, in good shape and I was interested to read   the original. There are some interesting differences from the original  story and the original movie...
0060594888|5.0|Jack Canfield has gone the extra mile to provide us with an exceptional plan. His writing style and technique ensures that we all beleive we can achieve. Page after page I've highlighted text. Page after page I've read about Jack Canfield's thoughts and ideas and those pages include individuals stories which support those ideas.  This book is a handbook on personal growth and self development. Take the leap. Buy it. Read it and continue to refer to it.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|I read the reviews and thought the book could not possibly be as bad as described. Unfortunately it really is terrible.
B00011F5DK|5.0|This is one of the few games I like to play with my sons that do not involve complicated written rules.  The only glitch we encountered was that we already lost one game piece and could not get a replacement.  Not a big deal after I just made a paper piece to replace the plastic one.
0312427999|5.0|This book is a life-changing work that offers a far-reaching lens through which to understand world events over the last half century and into the 21st.
B00166QJRU|5.0|I received this in the mail a couple of weeks ago after prepaying months ago.  I just got a chance to open and listen to it and I am so happy with this package.  I don't care if it cost $[...], I would have paid it.  Of course, I'm a huge Bowie fan, and particularly a fan of his Spiders days.  The show itself is killer.  The lack of crowd noise on this recording makes it seem more intimate.  The sound quality is awesome.  This show is so full of energy, and this is just a recording!  Imagine what it must have been like to have actually been in the audience.  If only I wasn't 2 years old in 1972.  :-)  Mick Ronson is one of my all time guitar heroes.  He rips during this performance.  He is a rock guitar god, and he is at soaring heights during this period.  He may not be the most technical player, but the look, the sound, and the musical energy and creativity.... Bowie was never better than he was with Ronson.  Never.  That's my opinion of course.  :-)  Any serious Bowie fan will buy this.  I've been rocking out to it all afternoon.  This show makes me feel like a kid again.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|the anticapation of this book was greater than the actual book.Bella and Edwards  love story was special because it was vampire and human,once Bella became a vampire they weren't special anymore. All the magic and fantasy was taken away and they were just an old married couple.The whole thing about preparing for the Volturi and Charlie excepting everything with no questions asked was just plain stupied.I feel ripped off.Very disappointing.
B000001Y5X|5.0|The Manson Family is:    Marilyn Manson- Vocals  Gidget Gein- Bass  Daisy Berkowitz- Guitar  Madonna Wayne Gacy- Keyboards  Sara Lee Lucas- Drums    Portrait of an American Family:    1. Prelude (The Family Trip)  2. Cake and Sodomy  3. Lunchbox  4. Organ Grinder  5. Cyclops  6. Dope Hat  7. Get Your Gunn  8. Wrapped In Plastic  9. Dogma  10. Sweet Tooth  11. Snake Eyes and Sissies  12. My Monkey  13. Misery Machine    Marilyn Manson's 1994 debut titled \\"Portrait of an American Family\\" was the first album to be released on Trent Reznor's record label \\"Nothing Records\\" and it introduced the world to the All-American Antichrist and his band of heavy metal freaks.  \\"Portrait of an American Family\\" is my second most favorite Manson album (Antichrist Superstar is the best).  The songs on this album are great, I can't find one song that sounds like a sell-out on this album. But it is pretty obvious when you listen to the songs that Sara Lee Lucas is not much of a drummer but somehow his drumming didn't affect the album at all.  \\"Lunchbox\\" and \\"My Monkey\\" will always be a Marilyn Manson classic. Out of all the songs on this album \\"Wrapped in Plastic\\" will always be my personal favorite track on the album and it never gets old to me.      When asked about the pupose of the album Manson quoted: \\"I want to adress the hipocrisy of talk show America, how morals are worn as a badge to make you look good and how it's much easier to talk about your beliefs than to live up to them.\\"    Thats some powerful words coming from Marilyn Manson and even more powerful songs to go with it.     Manson fans won't be dissapointed... It's worth every penny!!
141694740X|5.0|This book is great.  Bought it after getting dumped. I'd read a little everytime I started to feel a little down. It would even make me laugh sometimes. It was amazing how so much of it did apply to situations I had been in. It helped to realize that I am worth more and deserve to have someone that really is into me.<br />I'm  definitely keeping this book as a reference on future relationships.
B000KEG94C|5.0|Loved the film and loved it more on Blu-ray.  Wish they'd put more than action/special effects films on Blu-ray!
B000ION23A|5.0|The Ant Bully is one of the best animated movies I have seen and I am an adult.  The movie is very well done and I think everyone should see.
0316143472|5.0|David's usual personal essay humor is alive and well in this book which is extremely enjoyable to read.<br /><br />It's light and humorous. Turn off the TV and enjoy this great book!
031606792X|3.0|Since every detail about the book as already been reviewed on here, I will refrain from repeating the same thing again.<br /><br />I think, at the very least people should give it a try and read Breaking Dawn. Sure, it's not the best book. It's not the best book from the series of course,  but it finishes up the story.  And as an avid reader I can honestly say that I have read worse.<br /><br />In my opinion \\"Twilight\\" is the better book from the series. \\"New Moon\\" was also good, I liked the fact that Bella got to \\"miss\\" Edward, and Eclipse was a good book as well, not as good as the previous but there were a few chapters that I loved.<br /><br />Overall, I suppose it was just leading for the fourth book, to not measure up to the rest.<br /><br />\\"Breaking Dawn\\" seemed a little hurried to me, (despite its size). I had a hard time recognizing some of the characters... ESPECIALLY Bella. It's as if they all had personality changes overnight.<br /><br />Also the whole Rosalie thing was a little weird. I understand that Bella was literally living out her dream, but Rosalie, essentially does not have a big role in the series all together, it was just weird to see her play a big part this time, and not only that... if you ask me she is the rotten apple in the Cullen family.<br /><br />The whole thing with Charlie, not wanting to know the real facts of Bella's \\"change\\" was really odd as well. I wished she would have just come clean with it. It's almost as if Charlie is a dumb schmuck who'll forever be in the dark of what his daughter truly is.<br /><br />I could have definitely done without the pregnancy thing... and I KNEW Bella was pregnant before she herself realized.  I have to admit that the whole \\"mutant\\" baby thing, really messed with my stomach.  Even though Renesme's character grew with me.... That name however, did not.<br /><br />The Volturi  would have been great if there was at least ONE fatality. It seemed really dragged out only to have NOTHING happen in the end... I hate that... we were waiting for that big stand off.<br /><br />There were many wasy that Stephanie could have turned the whole series around.  But this is the finished product. Granted it's as if it doesn't even belong to the rest of the books, but it's still worth a look, if nothing else, to see the happily ever after of the series.  After all, that was what we wanted,.  A \\"Bella and Edward\\" happy ever after??!?! I know I did.<br /><br />Bottom line: it's not as bad as people are making it sound.... Read it, gather your own opinion, and that's that... it's just a book.f.     There were many wasy that Stephanie could have turned the whole series around.  But this is the finished product. Granted it's as if it doesn't even belong to the rest of the books, but it's still worth a look, if nothing else, to see the happily ever after of the series.  After all, that was what we wanted,.  A \\"Bella and Edward\\" happy ever after??!?! I know I did.     Bottom line: it's not as bad as people are making it sound.... Read it, gather your own opinion, and that's that... it's just a book.
0060527986|5.0|I thought this was going to be like Coelho's other books but it's not.  Instead it's something like a book of proverbs.  Very much worth it's wieght...
B000068FWC|4.0|Personally, I would characterize (i.e. oversimplify) Supertramp as a late-70s hybrid of Steely Dan and the Beatles. They resemble Steely Dan in their spotless production and tight, finely-honed pop arrangements; the Beatles in their English wit and effortlessly melodic songcraft; and both their core of a formidable songwriting duo, in this case Roger Hodgson and Rick Davies. For their earlier work I might throw in a dash of Pink Floyd to account for the proggy atmospherics, but on BREAKFAST IN AMERICA the band is mostly concerned with making a great pop album    And regardless of how accurate or effectual all these comparisons are, BREAKFAST IN AMERICA is indeed a great pop album, a ship of gooey vocal harmonies afloat on a sea of cascading electric piano, buoyed onward by howling harp nor'easters and waves of screaming sax. (And yes, laboured as it is, I'm proud of that metaphor.) You've probably heard the hits: the delightful \\"The Logical Song\\", the propulsive \\"Goodbye Stranger\\", the airy \\"Take the Long Way Home\\", and the bouncy, vaguely Klezmer-ish title cut. But you probably haven't heard great album cuts like \\"Just Another Nervous Wreck\\", which is as anxious as its title would suggest, or the closing epic \\"Child of Vision\\". And if you like catchy, well-constructed pop music, you really should, because it doesn't get much better than this.
B0016NF06O|5.0|This was a very unusual combination of artists, one Jazz and one Country.  That created a really super album.  I'm very happy with the results and maybe some other artist should try mixing musics styles.  Dave
B00132D808|5.0|The first time I heard Panic at the Disco's freshman effort, A FEVER YOU CAN'T SWEAT OUT, was when I borrowed it from my younger sister last fall in jokey preparation for a homecoming week stunt that involved my friends and I dressing up in tight pants, My Chemical Romance t-shirts, and black fingernail polish and pretending to be \\"emos\\". This should give you an idea of my attitude toward emo music and fashion in general. So unsurprisingly, I was entirely unimpressed by the band's run-of-the-mill punk/pop debut, and when the follow-up PRETTY. ODD. came out earlier this year, I never intended to give it even a first look.     Then I started to hear read snatches of reviews, rumors that Panic at the Disco had performed a perfect 180, abandoning their shoegazing for classic pop. I smiled knowingly to myself, suspecting the usual overwrought praise, but all the same, I was intrigued. At last a friend, a close friend, one whose tastes mirrored mine, one with whom I had lampooned Panic at the Disco and their ilk, began extolling the album's virtues to me. I couldn't believe my ears: I had to hear this record. And once I had, I could believe my ears even less, because this is an amazing record.    Bandmember Ryan Ross was quoted by Rolling Stone as saying, \\"[The album] is influenced by the music our parents listened to like the Beach Boys, the Kinks, and the Beatles.\\" That's putting it mildly; on PRETTY. ODD., the band takes Oscar Wilde at his word and shamelessly beg, borrow, and steal from everyone from John Lennon to Jeff Lynne, from Graham Nash to Graham Gouldman. But the giddy enthusiasm with which they do so keeps us from dwelling on the fact that this has all been done before, and simply enjoy the music. And from the faux-SGT. PEPPER opening two-fer \\"We're So Starving\\" and \\"Nine in the Afternoon\\", past the galloping rock of \\"Pas de Cheval\\" by way of the music-hall romp \\"I Have Friends in Holy Places\\", through to the baroque pop of \\"From a Mountain in the Middle of the Cabins\\", it's one hell of a ride, positively awash in swooping strings, shimmering harmonies, and supremely buoyant songcraft straight of the Lennon-McCartney playbook. And if that's not a recommendation, I don't know what is, because though the piano may have known something Panic at the Disco didn't know, it wasn't how to make a great pop record, because they've got that one down pat.
1602851670|4.0|While the story was terrific I was disappointed with the condition of a new book.  On the book jacket there was a ink smear which was not a big deal.  However 300 pages into the book there 5 pages of where the ink had run over.  I have never seen this in a book before.  Attempted to contact St Martin's Press but could not locate their address.  Attempted to telephone Amazon for an exchange but no number listed on the internet.  Reviewed their return procedures and it was a hasstle.  Plus I wanted to complete this rivoting novel.  Amazon could make things easier.
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|The items came quick,, and nicely packaged.. The items were in excellent condition,, and we have enjoyed them, beth mckeel
1576754499|5.0|This is an excellent book written by  person who approaches poverty reduction through agricultural solutions for small farmers that are sustainable, practical and very attractive culturally and resource-wise to poor farmers. Some of the cases and anecdotes provide useful information for relief workers and donors seeking to alleviate the suffering of those who live in rural poverty by elevating their standard of living in a sustainable manner.
031606792X|2.0|I'm been a fan for about two years, so I was excited about reading the last installment in a series that I enjoyed immensely. But by the time I was finished, I couldn't believe what I just read. It really seemed like some one else was writing this story instead of Stephanie Meyer. For a person who is also an avid fanfiction reader and has read quite a few fanfics based on the Twilight series, I could of sworn the author must of been inspired by some of them...or maybe just ripped some of those plots from fanfiction and put them in her own writing.    **Spoilers**    For example, the whole vampire prenancy is in nearly half of all the fanfics that exist in this fandom. I was one of those people who actually read the transcript from her own website explaining how vampires couldn't   conceive or impregnate. I don't know how she could just all of a sudden break the rules that she has created herself just so that particular plot device could fit.    Who knows, maybe this was an attempt to try to please those kind of readers who maybe would've liked the idea, but thought it all but impossible because of her past statements. All in all, with this attempt at trying to please everyone, it kind of sacrificed her integrity as a writer. I already feel cheated at the lack-luster, anti-climatic effort to end the series, but now thinking about it, I guess I feel a bit lied to as well, wondering how the writing could have changed so drastically from the last three books in such a short time.    I mean, I don't why so many people were trying to compare her to JK Rowling. They are both successful storytellers, but anyone can tell how Meyer is nowwhere near up to par as Rowling. I know both authors aren't the best with the mechanics of writing; the use different literary devices to better convey a story, but with Rowling's writing, it doesn't matter. She creates a beautiful, detailed world with characters that you care about and love, with much more depth and development at Book 2 than Meyer has a Book 4. At least Rowling actually has a grasp of proper grammar in her writing than other said author. I can not tell you how many repeated words were slewed throughout Breaking Dawn that could have been remedied if more thought were put into this novel than being so rushed, which is obvious to anyone whose read it.    There is more of the novel's plot that I was uhappy about, which many other reviews have identified and described in detail, but I just wouldn't have the time to explain. The one thing that is really humorous to me about this novel(personally funny anway) is that she thanks the band Muse in the beginning and end of the novel for being such a huge inspiration to her. I absolutely love the band Muse, and the Twilight series is partially to thank for my discovering such a wonderful, but wholly underrated band. If I were any one of the three members in that band, I wouldn't exactly want to be associated with this novel here. Personally I would go back and actually rethink what was it about my songs that inspired such a...mess!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just did the 1st work out-#1. My arms feel like jelly. I'm a beginner. I walk 2-3 miles several days a week and do short strenth training workouts on exercisetv.tv. I've been working out now for over two months.    This work out was beyond challenging but not so difficult that I dropped out. I've come to appreciate the satisfied exhaustion after a good workout. I'm confident this dvd will live up to its promises (albeit not the 20 pounds in 30 days) as long as I committ to.     As one reviewer says ifyou are looking for easy--this is not it!
B001CD6FKI|5.0|The Wachowski Brothers do it again with ground breaking special effects and unique story telling. I really enjoyed this movie and don't understand why it wasn't a bigger box office hit. Elements of action, drama, love-story, racing, fairy tale, kung-fu, cartoon, and fantasy all rolled into one slick and entertaining production.
1401201911|5.0|This is probably my favorite `else world' comic that I've read to date.  Superman lands in the USSR rather than the US. I particularly like how though the Soviet Union use Superman being in their corner to tip the balance of power, but at the same time a lot of his personality is the same we have known for all these years just tinted in a Soviet light.  He is still trying to do right, but just by Soviet values.  To me his confrontations with Lex Luthor in this are particularly good, and are on there own a reason to read this.  I would definitely recommend this to any Superman or Else Worlds fan.
031606792X|4.0|Breaking dawn     The latest book in the twilight series was a bit far fetched, but still good.  Unlike her other books, Stephanie Meyer's Breaking Dawn had almost no violence at all, aside from the occasional fight with Jacob.  As usual, this is a sci-fi / fantasy book, with a fair amount of romance added in it.      !***spoilers below***!     The latest book in the twilight saga starts with a marriage.  If you've been following the series, you should know whose.  Bella &Edward!!!  a little farther into the marriage Jacob shows up.  Bella is happy for about five minutes and then gets annoyed at him for insulting Edward.  This is the point where some of the more graphic stuff, to put it mildly , starts.  Edward and Bella go to a cottage on a small island and does what she has been wanting to do for a while(I'm not going to say it.  call me chicken if yo want to)  Bella starts feeling sick and realizes that she is pregnant.  They then go back to Forks and figure out that if either Bella or the baby are to survive Bella needs to drink a glass of blood at least semi-regularly.  In a few months the bella gives birth.  The baby is half vampire, so she would probably die in childbirth, but Edward injects vampire venom into her heart at the last minute.   So, now Bella has everything she wants;  Edward, to be a vampire, and a kid.  then Irina, a vampire from another group sees the baby and immediately tells the Volturi, a massive group of vampires, intent on making sure that noone/nothing finds out about them.  They immediately think the baby is a human, so they come to eliminate it.  Bella & Edward assemble a group of vampires, then when the volturi come the somehow work it all out.  its kind of cheesy how in the end everyone is all happy.
0452289963|3.0|Although I loved the message of this book, Eckhart Tolle's writing style is a bit boring. It took me over a month to read this and by the last chapter I couldn't wait to finish it and be done with it.<br /><br />I have read many books on the same subject and have found that other authors have a better way of grabbing the reader's attention. Tolle did have me highlighting certain points and gave me a few \\"aha\\" moments. However, his over use of quotes and repeating the same message about how the ego is to blame for all our problems throughout the book, made it seem repetitive and poorly written. You basically can get the same message from any book on enlightenment.<br /><br />I will try a stab at his other book \\"A Power of Now\\" in hopes that it's not too know-it-all and more to the level of his readers.
031606792X|2.0|*Spoilers*<br /><br />If you are a fan and read the other books you will probably want to read this one just to finish the series out (used or borrowed probably the best way to go). I think SM had 2 really good books and decided to drag them out into 4 which didn't work except for her bank account. A paragraph pretty much sums up what happens in the book.<br /><br />Bella and Edward get married. She becomes pregnant with a half-vampire Renesmee (WTF) on her honeymoon. The baby basically kills her human body during delivery and she is changed to a vampire (FINALLY)! Jacob imprints on the baby and is very protective. Charlie doesn't want to know much so he can stay in her life. She has no problems being a newborn vampire and her gift is a protective shield. The Volturi think Renesmee is a full vampire which is against the laws of vampire code and come for a fight and they all chat it out and everything is perfect.<br /><br />Serious problems I had with the book:<br /><br />* When the book changes to Jacob's point of view the writing style does not shift with it as with other books as to make it clear you are now in another person's perspective. It was too close to Bella's thought patterns and it was hard to focus on the fact that this was Jacob's POV.<br /><br />* When Bella is pregnant she is downing sippy cups of human blood for Renesmee and no one in the house seems to be bothered. Yet, in \\"New Moon\\" the entire family leaves after Bella gives herself a paper cut because the danger is too great.<br /><br />* Since Bella should have been blood crazed for her first year you would think upon waking they would be more prepared. Perhaps, have a few cows on the property, some stored animal blood, something. Instead they just all sit around waiting for her to wake up and maybe freak out and kill her baby. Good planning!<br /><br />* The ultimate slap in the face from SM comes when she is describing why Leah is a Werewolf. It is \\"assumed\\" the reason is because she is unable to have children. Instead of saying this we are told \\"that she isn't as female as she should be.\\" As if that weren't offensive enough she continues to describe her as genetically dead so she is a freak and good for nothing other than being a \\"girlie-wolf.\\" All of the infertile women thank you SM for your compassion and understanding. I am sure parents of very young readers are thrilled with the message.<br /><br />Edited to add:<br /><br />If Edward eats something such as the cake what happens to it in his body?that she isn't as female as she should be.\\" As if that weren't offensive enough she continues to describe her as genetically dead so she is a freak and good for nothing other than being a \\"girlie-wolf.\\" All of the infertile women thank you SM for your compassion and understanding. I am sure parents of very young readers are thrilled with the message.      Edited to add:    If Edward eats something such as the cake what happens to it in his body?
031606792X|5.0|Thank you Stephenie Meyer for the entire Twilight series, and saving the best for last!
B00005JLF5|5.0|This is a great first season of an outstanding series.  The season is solid, and the series gets better from here!  Recommended.
0743454537|4.0|Definitely an emotional roller coaster type book. The story it's self was a powerful one. The author came through with writing a book that you could feel right along with the characters. I personally didn't like how the book ended because I was left weeping for some of the characters and feeling great disgust toward others. But I feel the author did a great job with this and succeeded in what she was wanting to achieve.
0786948523|3.0|This is the best of the 4e core books for me, but still left me feeling a bit sour.    First the good.  In the tradition of the 1st edition AD&D Monster Manual, this book dispenses with lengthy descriptions of monsters and instead focuses on stats.  Only in rare circumstances do we get lengthy prose regarding a monster's motivations outside of being fodder for the adventurers to beat up on.  Filling in the details is left to the DM.  The new stat blocks are straightforward and much easier to use than their 3.5 counterparts.  Special abilities are in the stat block rather than hidden amongst the monster's descriptive text.  That's a welcome change indeed.  Also, one of my favorite things from the last two 3.5 MM's is carried over: knowledge checks to see what our heroes might know about their current foe.  All in all, this is a very easy to use book.    Then there's the bad news.  There are a lot of monsters missing from this book when compared to its 3.5 counterpart.  Yes, some of the new core monsters were pulled from books other than the first MM, but leaving out monsters as classic as metallic dragons reeks of a mandate from marketing.  Just like with the PHB, things many veteran players expect have been left out for the sole reason of saving them for another book to sell.  You want your metallic dragons and the rest of the giants?  Buy `Monster Manual II'.  Then there's the artwork.  A friend and I spent about 10 minutes playing `spot the recycled art' with this book.  Roughly 10-15%, maybe more, is culled from 3.5 books.  Were the contracted artists unable to meet their deadline for new artwork, or did someone at Wizards decide to cut the budget?  You be the judge.    So what we're left with is a very well designed Monster Manual that's easy to use, but missing a significant number of iconic monsters and wholly original artwork.  That's good for a 3 in my book.
B001DE2KB4|4.0|Just got the jonas brothers album and once again i wasnt disappointed... im 18 so u would think i wouldnt like another boy band but not only are they so cute but they know what there doing.. something you wouldnt expect from a disney channel artist (vanessa hudgens)...   Top 5: 1.)Burning Up         2.)A little Bit Longer         3.)Love Bug         4.)Out Of This World         5.)Video Girl
B00066R4T8|1.0|This is a very boring book.  I thought it would be an action packed survival book, but it put me to sleep.
B000KX0IOA|5.0|Kudos to film makers who go to great lengths to cast an actor who more than just resembles the person being depicted. With Ben Kinglsey playing the role, they couldn't have done a better job: he IS Gandhi!
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn is the fourth and final book in the Twilight Saga--eagerly anticipated from the legion of loyal fans, and kept pretty tightly under wraps for the past year. I myself was a big fan of the series--not so much because of the happy romance of Twilight, but more so because of the tough, gritty moral issues in New Moon and Eclipse, and the surprisingly complex examination of love, obsession and sacrifice in these later books. I found Twilight to be a good book but was far more interested in the complications presented in New Moon and Eclipse, with Edward and Jacob. So, naturally, I was excited to see how it would all end--Ms. Meyer had not shied away from taking the hard road in her prior books, and I was confident that she would do something to shock us all in Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I was both right and wrong--I was shocked all right. But not in a good way.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn begins shortly after the ending point of Eclipse--Bella is wrestling with her brand new fancy Mercedes and embarrassed by all the attention it is bringing to her (as of course was Edward's intent by giving her the flashy, pricey engagement present). Despite her embarrassment and trepidation for the upcoming wedding, Bella is happy. And why shouldn't she be--she's about to forfeit her human life to become a vampire and spend the rest of eternity with her true love. Jacob is still missing, having run off in heartbreak after receiving his wedding invitation, but despite this cloud hanging over the festivities, Bella and the Cullens continue with their wedding arrangements. The date finally arrives, and Bella and Edward have a beautiful, lavish ceremony--attended by kin and friends from both the Swans and Cullens. Jacob musters up enough toughness to drop in and wish his love and best friend a final goodbye, even though he is torn apart by the fact that soon she will be a \\"leech\\" and not his Bella anymore. And then, Jacob learns about the bargain Bella and Edward have struck--Bella will marry Edward before her transformation and promise to go to university with him, so long as he promises to have sex with her before she becomes a vampire. Jacob loses it completely, knowing the life-threatening danger such an act would put Bella in (not to mention this bargain is ridiculous in the first place, but that's something for the next post). I digress. Anyways, Jacob gets mad, has to be dragged away from the party and goes wolf in the woods again, howling his pain. Bella and Edward leave for their honeymoon to a secluded and unknown location to Bella. Many hours and plane rides later, they arrive at their destination: Isle Esmee, a small private island off the coast of Brazil. And here's where the freaky-deaky shizz goes down and the Twilight saga gets turned on its head.<br /><br />I finished this book in a sort of weird daze. The one word that I think encompasses Breaking Dawn: \\"bizarre\\". The characters made strange decisions and behaved oddly, the storyline so completely over-the-top-where-the-hell-is-the-shark-because-I've-jumped-so-far-I'm-in-another-ocean. The sad thing is, the book is still written beautifully in Stephenie Meyer's trademark style. I finished it feeling like Ms. Meyer picked the worst, most ludicrous fanfic out there and then fashioned her book around it. So many plot points had me shaking my head in disbelief. Just...no.<br /><br />First, the good. Breaking Dawn is divided into three 'books'. Books 1 & 3 are narrated by Bella, whereas book 2 (a significant portion of the story) is narrated by Jacob--as you may recall, we got a brief taste of Jacob's narrative at the end of Eclipse. The choice of character narrations seemed a bit strange to me--why have Jacob's side of the story if not Edward's?--but I appreciated more insight into Jacob's plight, the thoughts of the La Push werewolves, and the different shades of emotion his narrative added to the story. As the plot is divided into three separate parts, each book marks a significant turning point for Bella. The format of the book, if nothing else, worked for me. This is something Ms. Meyer has done in each of her books effectively--using formatting and partitions to convey a highly appropriate atmosphere for her novels (i.e. In New Moon, when Edward leaves Bella, the blank pages signifying the passing of months and the emptiness of her life without him is incredibly effective, conveying Bella's heartbreak better than any words could).<br /><br />Similarly, Ms. Meyer's prose is beautiful and flowing, as usual. Certainly I felt that the book could have used some trimming down of the excess verbiage--Ms. Meyer doesn't really 'do' action scenes, and 800 pages of emotions and atmosphere gets a little tiring to read, especially for a young adult novel (there is a significant difference between reading 1000 pages of constant magic and action in the Harry Potter books versus 800 pages of \\"sparkling\\" beautiful vampire description and wavering emotions, no matter how prettily worded).<br /><br />That's about where the goodness ends for me. No matter how solidly written a book Breaking Dawn is, that doesn't change the fact that the characters felt out of whack, and that the story was contrived and ridiculous. All the angst, the tension, the hard moral choices set up in the first three books were abandoned here in order for a Happily Ever After (for every character). The thing I loved the most about these books was the honest and brutal examination of love--be it the obsessive, doomed sort of love between Edward and Bella, or the more balanced, human emotions between Bella and Jacob. I loved that Edward made a decision to leave Bella in New Moon and that the consequences of that decision figured prominently in this love triangle in subsequent books. I loved that Bella realizes that it is possible to love more than one person at the same time, and that love is about real sacrifice--and that it can hurt more than just the people directly involved. I was eagerly looking forward to see where Stephenie Meyer would take us next--would Bella realize that perhaps throwing her entire mortal life away at 18 years old (literally throwing her life away, as she will no longer be able to see Jacob, her friends, her father and mother) for the man of her dreams might have some serious implications she hasn't really thought through? Would there be any in-depth discussion of these issues, some real soul searching and maturity in Bella's character?<br /><br />The answer, unfortunately, is a big fat no. Instead of characters coming to the tough decisions themselves, plot mechanisms rule the day. All the events that happen are outside of each character's control--which is infuriating for me, since I know that Ms. Meyer is capable of tackling the nitty gritty and not relying on contrivances and deus ex machinas to write her books. Similarly, I felt like I was cheated out of Bella coming to any mature decisions and growth of her own. Something that really, really bothers me is that this is a young adult series, and one voraciously read by a younger female audience. As such, I cannot agree with the 'message' that this sends out to tweens and teens--Bella makes bad choices. Which is fine, but she does not grow from these choices. In fact, she is REWARDED for them. Her dangerous, life-threatening obsession with Edward, the fact that Bella's entire sense of self worth is derived from other characters and her complete dependence on them...it doesn't sit well with me at all.<br /><br />I won't even go into the plot points here (but please check back for the Spoiler Post for a more in-depth discussion). Suffice to say that I was not pleased in the slightest. I felt like I was watching an especially bad episode of Beverly Hills 90210.<br /><br />Overall, Breaking Dawn was a huge disappointment in this reviewer's opinion. I'm actually kinda bummed out for the Twilight movie later this year. Perhaps if the bar wasn't set so high with Ms. Meyer's previous books I would not feel as strongly as I do now, but alas. One can only hope that the author's next endeavor is more successful and up to par with her earlier works.<br /><br />Review courtesy of The Book Smugglerswhere Stephenie Meyer would take us next--would Bella realize that perhaps throwing her entire mortal life away at 18 years old (literally throwing her life away, as she will no longer be able to see Jacob, her friends, her father and mother) for the man of her dreams might have some serious implications she hasn't really thought through? Would there be any in-depth discussion of these issues, some real soul searching and maturity in Bella's character?    The answer, unfortunately, is a big fat no. Instead of characters coming to the tough decisions themselves, plot mechanisms rule the day. All the events that happen are outside of each character's control--which is infuriating for me, since I know that Ms. Meyer is capable of tackling the nitty gritty and not relying on contrivances and deus ex machinas to write her books. Similarly, I felt like I was cheated out of Bella coming to any mature decisions and growth of her own. Something that really, really bothers me is that this is a young adult series, and one voraciously read by a younger female audience. As such, I cannot agree with the 'message' that this sends out to tweens and teens--Bella makes bad choices. Which is fine, but she does not grow from these choices. In fact, she is REWARDED for them. Her dangerous, life-threatening obsession with Edward, the fact that Bella's entire sense of self worth is derived from other characters and her complete dependence on them...it doesn't sit well with me at all.    I won't even go into the plot points here (but please check back for the Spoiler Post for a more in-depth discussion). Suffice to say that I was not pleased in the slightest. I felt like I was watching an especially bad episode of Beverly Hills 90210.    Overall, Breaking Dawn was a huge disappointment in this reviewer's opinion. I'm actually kinda bummed out for the Twilight movie later this year. Perhaps if the bar wasn't set so high with Ms. Meyer's previous books I would not feel as strongly as I do now, but alas. One can only hope that the author's next endeavor is more successful and up to par with her earlier works.    Review courtesy of The Book Smugglers
B0015D3Z4O|2.0|Madonna's most recent effort was released to a lot of hype on the heels of the single \\"4 minutes\\". Well, dont believe the hype, this album is just about as dissapointing as american life, though nothing can take that albums place at the top of the crappy album hall of fame. There arent any really memorabale performances here, and it sounds like madge is trying to cater to the urban music crowd and stave off the big 5-0. This is Madonna as Keyshia Cole and it dosent work.
076535618X|5.0|This is the 3rd installment in the Old Man's War series.   The story is unfailing in its cleverness and plot twists.   As a fan of Heinlein, Scalzi channels this SF master as well as anyone I've ever read.   I love Heinlein and Scalzi is a worthy successor.
B000I0RNV6|5.0|As usual my transaction with Amazon was a pleasant experience. The product was ordered, confirmed and received in a timely manner. A tribute to the great service Amazon continues to provide their customers.
031606792X|2.0|I was so disappointed that I almost quit reading about halfway through the book.  The middle was the worst, but the whole book was not good.  It was almost like someone else wrote it.  It was worse than some of the fan fiction on the internet.  Such a disappointment!  I was so looking forward to a good read, and it was not even a decent book.  Stephanie, if you are being held captive somewhere while someone else is pretending to be you, I will be praying for you.  And if your mind has been taken over by an alien, keep fighting girl!
B001AJVR5M|5.0|Love it! The upbeat songs are so fun and \\"A Little Bit Longer\\" is so inspirational! I really recommend this album for all ages :]
B001AQO3WY|5.0|I love this series!  I've been recording it with the DVR ever since the start.  I can't wait for it to come on DVD.  My hubby is a US Marine and this show has inspired me to even read the book.  I love it.
B000000OQF|5.0|I remember the moment vividly... It was Memorial day weekend in 1988. Warm, sunny, and perfect. I was at my cousin's for a birthday party. We were playing army in the front yard. I was 13.        I stopped playing suddenly, got \\"shot\\", didn't care, and walked next door where the cute little blond neighbor girl was watching us.  She was sitting on the grass, listening to the radio and the song playing was the pied piper of my childhood. I stood in front of her. We smiled at each other and she giggled, \\"Its called Paradise City\\".       That song, and this album has become the anthem of my life. If not the greatest rock and roll album ever, it is surely the greatest of the last 30 years and maybe the greatest ever created from an American band.       The highest selling non-country album made in the last 25 years, almost 30 million sales worldwide. #1 on billboard album list for 1988 AND 1989. It was the last major rock album to be formatted for vinyl.  Not only is Slash considered one most influential guitarist ever, Axl's voice, a combination of sweet, smooth, and angry, has never been duplicated.  This album is so good, in fact, that millions have waited 15 years for their next one.
B0000071GA|4.0|A must buy for Krokus fans. Screaming in the Night and Eat the Rich are the best tracks on the cd.
B000P7V45S|5.0|Trick Of The Tail is not a \\"trick\\". I liked the album quite a bit. Granted everything isn't for everyone, but as a stalwart Genesis fan, especially with Phil Collins as lead vocal, I grew very fond of their music after purchasing \\"Abacab\\" and \\"Duke\\". I seem to have a soft spot in me that enjoys their music. As I said not all of it is for everyone and certainly this album shows that, but with the DVD reviews and the other added DVD visuals I feel the buyer will get a better understanding of what the group's direction was for this album.  ENJOY.
0061091480|5.0|I originally read this book back in the late 80s.  I'm not quite sure the exact year, but it was some time toward the middle of high-school.  It was passed on to me by a friend who was desperate to help me out of a downward spiral.  I have to admit, the first time I read \\"Your Erroneous Zones\\", I dismissed it as psychobabble.  Looking back on it today, 20 years later, I can clearly see that I was not ready to accept the concepts that Dr. Dyer was presenting.      Over the next few years, I would find myself coming back to this book.  There was something about it that kept creeping back into my mind.  Perhaps a subconscious draw to some scrap of truth my brain had held on to from earlier readings.  Nonetheless, I've probably read this book 10 times over the last 20 years.  Each time, I inched closer and closer to making the choice to apply the principles within it's pages.    Finally, after all that time, and a lot of life experience, I've found Dr. Dyer's methods work for me.  The concepts contained in this book helped me make the choice to live a happy life that I am in control of.  I am happier now than I have ever been, and the only way that will change is if I choose to change it.    I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone with the forewarning that if you don't go into it with an open mind, or at least the willingness to accept that there are other ways to approach life than the ones you are used to, you won't gain anything from the material presented.
B0009Q0F5U|4.0|This show is addicting. It has been great watching the actors develop the character into their own. Surprises on almost every episode and spectacular graphics.
0060558121|5.0|This book/author is amazing!! He weaves an intricate, spooky, thought provoking page-turner unlike anyone else I've ever read. I'm hooked. I'm now reading \\"Fragile Things\\".
0316067601|1.0|Caveat:  I only read the prologue, the first three chapters and the 6th and 7th chapters.<br /><br />I am an avid reader of military history and greatly enjoy Mark Bowden and Anthony Beevor as my favourite military authors.  I purchased \\"Lone Survivor\\" because of its favourable comparison to \\"Black Hawk Down\\".<br /><br />I tried to read this during a long flight.  But my stomach churned as a read the first part of the book.  Not due to any thrilling narrative but due entirely to the extreme jingoism of the author.  I can understand the author's point of view.  After all, he is part of the story and watched his mates die in the field.  However, for this reader, Mr. Luttrell's characterization of Iraqis and Afghani's as \\"terrorists\\", \\"fanatics\\" and \\"maniacs\\" is just too much.  As I tried to read the book, I felt like Eddie Murphy's character in \\"48 Hours\\" as he walked into the cowboy bar.  In other words, I felt entirely out of place and uncomfortable.<br /><br />In frustration, I jumped ahead a few chapters hoping to concentrate on Mr. Luttrell's eyewitness account of the ill-fated SEAL mission.  However, I was unable to avoid the author's political and social commentaries.  The last straw for me was Mr. Luttrell's statement that the West was the \\"civilized half\\" of the world.  Clearly, Mr. Luttrell is not aware of what happens in the housing projects or emergency wards of America or virtually any other Western nation.  At this point, I closed this book and stuffed it deep into the airplane's seat pocket.<br /><br />Mr. Luttrell clearly, and understandably, lives in a world of black and white where Americans are heroes and America's enemies are all cowards.  If you share this belief, then you might enjoy this book.  If you feel otherwise, then you might just leave this book on the plane as I did.
B00005JSGK|5.0|\\"Hatari!\\" has long been a personal favorite for its adventure, excitement, thrills, laughs, cinematography, sound track, and overall entertainment.  \\"Hatari!\\" was the first movie I ever went to see more than once; I wore out two sound track records listening to Henry Mancini's marvelous music; and the film was the first VHS I ever purchased.  As my tapes were starting to go bad, I finally purchased the DVD.  I was quite relieved that all 157 minutes are on one disc, and in wide screen.  (How I long for more movies that dare to defy the establishment and release films that take their time to evolve).  Having just watched it, I felt compelled to write a review for this epic movie.<br /><br />\\"Hatari!\\" (which means \\"danger\\" in Swahili) is in some ways a \\"modern\\" day western: jeeps and trucks have replaced the horse, but the \\"cowboys\\" are still using ropes to capture (or round up) the animals to take to \\"market\\" (the zoo, in this case).  But \\"Hatari!\\" is also a bit of a documentary (and lampoons this through Elsa Martinelli's character Anna Maria 'Dallas' D'Allesandro, who is there to photographically \\"document\\" the catching of the animals).  And it is very good; albeit the portrayal of the local native populations and the attitudes of the non-Africans are aloof and condescending (a \\"portrait of Africa still dominated by non-Africans\\").<br /><br />True to nearly all of John Wayne's movies, the actor did nearly all of the scenes himself--for which much of the audio had to be re-dubbed due to John Wayne's cursing while wrestling with the animals--which inspired the other actors to be fully involved as well:<br /><br />\\"According to director Howard Hawks, all the animal captures in the picture were performed by the actual actors; no stunt men or animal handlers were substituted on screen. The rhino really did escape, and the actors really did have to recapture it--and Hawks included the sequence for its realism.\\" (IMDb)<br /><br />\\"Hatari!\\" utilized an international cast (unlike many westerns that really should also have multiple nationalities representing the \\"cowboys\\"), reflective of the types of people that actually worked in the \\"business\\" at that time.  \\"Hatari!\\" gathers its several characters (roles) from different parts of the world: \\"Sean Mercer (John Wayne), Anna Maria 'Dallas' D'Allesandro (Elsa Martinelli), Kurt Mueller (Hardy Kr&uuml;ger), Brandy De la Court (Michele Girardon), Charles 'Chips' Maurey (Gerard Blain), Luis Francisco Garcia Lopez (Valentin De Vargas) are, respectively, from USA, Italy, Germany, France, France and Mexico (Wikipedia).\\"  Through this cast, as well as the use of locals (stereotyped or not), \\"Hatari!\\" rings out the excitement of the chase, the comradely interpersonal relationships, and the wonderful world of animals. (According to IMDb, \\"Jan Oelofse, the animal supervisor, captured and tamed all the animals in Africa; the elephants, leopard, the cheetahs, and flew with 40 animals aboard a DC6 across Africa, through South America to Hollywood to continue scenes shot in Hollywood).  As with many other \\"less popular\\" movies, John Wayne exhibits an unexpected ability to keep up with the comedy in the film.<br /><br />Indeed, in the final analysis, \\"Hatari!\\" is about the animals; first and foremost.  As such, it is a wonderful movie for the whole family (the only real \\"violence\\" is when \\"the Indian\\" is slightly \\"gored\\" in the leg by a rhino at the beginning of the film).  I introduced my sons to John Wayne with my favorite, \\"Stagecoach,\\" but they were less than thrilled, being in black and white.  So, I showed them \\"McLintock!\\" (See my review of the later for more comments on this), and they were sold.  They then chose \\"Hatari!\\" to watch, and it remains their favorite John Wayne movie.  I have since loaned \\"Hatari!\\" to others with children, and unanimously, they have all enjoyed it.  And why not?  John Wayne, baby elephants, wondering cheetahs, feisty ostriches, towering giraffes, stampeding animals and lots of laughs, all in one movie!  (And don't forget the great musical score!).<br /><br />Please Note: If this review was not helpful to you, I would appreciate learning the reason(s) so I can improve my reviews. My goal is to provide help to potential buyers, not get into any arguments. So, if you only disagree with my opinion, could you please say so in the comments and not indicate that the review was not helpful. Thanks.on't forget the great musical score!).    Please Note: If this review was not helpful to you, I would appreciate learning the reason(s) so I can improve my reviews. My goal is to provide help to potential buyers, not get into any arguments. So, if you only disagree with my opinion, could you please say so in the comments and not indicate that the review was not helpful. Thanks.
B00007AJF8|2.0|I enjoy \\"deep\\" movies, but sometimes \\"deep\\" movies appear deep without truly being deep. This is one of those movies. It was at times thought provoking, but the so called twists and paradoxes, to me, had no deeper meaning other that to have them so people who professed to understand them could feel more intelligent than the rest of the population who did not. Maybe it is sour grapes, but to me if they had cut out some of the \\"deeper\\" idioms the movie would have sustained the true depth and thought provoking ideals it was looking for.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|We NEVER buy DVD's, but couldn't resist this one for a Father's Day gift. Wow!  The entire family LOVED every minute of it. It was the highlight of our summer TV viewing. I think every American should see this one. It showed the realistic formation of our country, not the fairy tale version we all learned in grade school. It is definitely a MUST SEE.
B000QUCNOK|5.0|Personally, my five stars apply to all but the last half hour of the movie. That time was brilliant! The story was different and fascinating. The use of a narrator was wonderful and enhanced the movie (Whereas a lot of narrated movies flop in my opinion because they don't know how to use a narrator, especially an omnipotent one}. Visually the movie is simply stunning. They take an abstract and fanciful story and put it in a visually realistic movie, which makes it simultaneously more believable and fanciful. Now the ending had two problems for me. I am not a huge fan of nudity in movies, but up until the end the nudity was tastefully done and in context did not offend me. However toward the end was a mass orgy where I found the context of the nudity unnecessary for furthering the plot. You can understand perfectly well what is going on without the nudity or even the mass orgy. My second issue was that the ending pushed the fanciful aspect of the movie into an area where I had a hard time suspending my disbelief in order to continue enjoying the movie. But, the time preceding the last half hour was so brilliant it made up for the ending.
0061537934|5.0|If you love dogs, this book is so well worth the read.  The driving part was a learning experience.
0385338724|5.0|THe shipment was made quickly, unlike my review, and I am sorry for the delay.  The book was in excellent practically new condition.  Excellent grade A seller with a wonderful taste in books.
031606792X|2.0|I was very much looking forward to this book because I had enjoyed the first three. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. Barring the preposterous storyline of Edward fathering a child - something which is never fully explained - and the vivid grotesqueness of the birth, the rest of the story is lacking in... emotional investment.    So much happens off camera. We never get to see the big confrontation Edward  and Carlisle against Bella, Rosalie and Esme. We never see any bonding scenes between Edward and Renessme. All too often the reader feels like a spectator watching through a window instead of being part of the story. All too often the child is treated as a prop who is passed around.     There was so much potential that was never realized. I think Meyer should have taken more time with it, and the editing crew needed to do quite a bit more proofreading. There were a lot of mistakes.
031606792X|5.0|I am soo sad that the series has ended! The fourth book, though slightly different in cadence from the first three was fabulous! It was so packed full of major events, I almost wish they could have turned it into two books to delay the gratification. Excellent read!
031606792X|5.0|First I have to say -- why do so many idiots want to destroy a great book with their review.  If you didn't like the book, you can surely describe why without spoilers or you don't need to write a review.  Saying that a book is bad because in the crazy twist at the end the good guy dies unexpectedly could possible ruin the ending for everyone. If you dislike a book so much -- then write your own.<br /><br />Breaking dawn -- a proper review.<br /><br />I have to say that I loved this book.  It fell in as a great complete ending to the series.  Leaving nothing out.<br />Good messages in the book:<br />1. Families are important.<br />2. Life is hard, and even when it seems hopeless if you endure then it really can work out (though maybe not in the way you would have expected).<br />3. Avoiding fights or war to have peace is the better way.<br /><br />Each of the main characters in this book continues to develop.  More vampires with horrible and cruel powers are introduced.<br /><br />Bad things about the book.<br />--The last one in the series!!! What is Stephenie Meyer thinking.  How can it end (Yes I did think that the ending was beautiful, other than that was the end).<br /><br />Is it worth the time and money to read this book ABSOLUTELY!!!<br />Will you enjoy reading this book \\"Of Course.\\"<br />Will it be what you were expecting -- what is --<br />Will it end how you want -- it isn't the end; it is the ride that matters (and it is a shame that it is over -- hopefully there is a new book coming soon).<br /><br />Final Note -- The Host -- is a great read also (but you have to give it a few chapters because of the weird sci-fi ness about it).
1905236042|5.0|Arrived yesterday and my son has taken over the box. (He's 8). We are going to get started together. I like the descriptions of the breathing and how you should 'feel' when you do the movements/relaxing poses.<br />Since I'm taking a yoga class (i'm a newb) and he's going by the names on the cards, it's a bit confusing when he says, I can do the 'turtle' or I can do the 'rainbow.' But for him I find I like 'rainbow' as opposed to 'corpse pose.'<br />Also, the cards are not the size of a 'deck' of cards. They are larger, more the size of a DVD case. The box is sturdy thick cardboard and has a nice flip top. I'm thinking it will help us take care of them properly.<br />He did go thru each card and at the end has decided he wants the book and the pretzel mat. (Way to go for the marketing plan!!)<br /><br />These don't seem too 'baby' for someone his age and I think that up to 9, maybe pushing 10 could use them also.<br /><br />Completely satisfied.
031606792X|5.0|CAUTION SPOILERS    Personally, I thought Stephenie Meyer concluded the Twilight Saga beautifully. I mean who didn't want Bella and Edward to have a baby. So many reveiws go on about Bella having a baby and how she is so young and it is setting a bad example. 1. It's a book (A VERY GOOD book) and 2. She's married. On top of that she and Edward waited until they were married to have sex. True, Bella may have wanted to have had sex sooner but come on her hormones are raging. She may be young to have a baby but she IS married. It's NOT like they got married BECAUSE she was pregnant. It just happened on their wedding night. And of course Jacob gets his happy ending too. It may be kind of disturbing that he imprints on Bella and Edward's baby but we knew he would imprint some time and it WOULDN'T be with Bella. And it's NOT like he thinks NAUGHTY thoughts about Reneesme. Edward said so himself when they found out that Reneesme would be full grown in just a short number of years.   Edward: \\"I have to say, I'm thoroughly impressed with Jacob right now,\\"  Bella:\\"The wolves make quite an impact, don't they?\\"  Edward:\\"That's not what I mean. Not once today did he think about the fact that, according to Nahuel,Nessie will be fully matured in just six and a half years.\\"  Bella: \\"He doesn't see her that way. He's not in a hurry for her to grow up. He just wants her to be happy.\\"  See it isn't gross like everyone else seems to beleive. Also don't just read this book and make your judgements read the other three first.   I think it was an excellent ending and I'm HAPPY that all the loose ends go tied up and everyone had a happy ending. Otherwise all of us die hard fans would have been immensely disappointed that it wasn't resolved. This is the LAST book for Bella, Stephenie Meyer just can't leave it hanging, she has to wrap it up. So seriously think about what you're saying in your reveiw. AND remember she had to end it here so WHY would you WANT an UNHAPPY ending? Once again I think she ended the book where it was supposed to end. I didn't want the book to end but if it had to end I'm HAPPY it ended this way! Stephenie Meyer has yet again written an exceptional book! Thanks.
B0013J9KOO|5.0|\\"Hellboy 2\\" is so visually sumptuous, rich, lush. The weeks leading up to it's release I saw so many previews and images of the movie that I was expecting to be left with few surprises in the theater. Boy was I wrong! Wow, as far as this viewer is concerned, Guillermo outdid himself. I suppose one could take issue with the plot, maybe quibble about this or that, you know. Maybe the villain was \\"unimposing\\". Yea, and maybe he was supposed to be. I felt that was sort of interesting.<br /><br />Spare me the fanboys with preconceived ideas and too high expectations on this one. I know what it's like as a fan that has been left wanting other than what I got from a film, but not with this one.<br /><br />This latest by Guillermo del Toro leaves me excited for what will be comng next from who is clearly one of the greatest directors of fantasy/adventure films working today. (Btw, you do know what that is don't you?!)\\"Hellboy 2\\" is a juggernaut, a lavish celebration of the imagination of the highest order. I think people are getting spoiled. The public has been treated, especially in recent years, to so many feasts of the imagination that maybe they've naturally gotten a little accustomed to having their eye balls dazzled. \\"Hellyboy 2\\" deserves praise. For me \\"Hellboy 2\\" by far is the greatest showcase of creatures ever. The Troll Market, tooth fairies, Krauss (voice done by \\"American Dad\\"'s Seth MacFarlane, which is why that voice sounds like a certain goldfish), the Angel of Death, the elemental, the Golden Army, The Elves, and many more are what make the movie great. The performances are good. Ron Perlman was born for the part. The story is good, but mainly it's a vehicle for these creatures to be brought into the picture to be enjoyed for their own sake.<br /><br />What makes the mind of this visual wizard tick? \\"I have a sort of a fetish for insects, clockwork, monsters, dark places, and unborn things\\" says Guillermo Del Toro. Our number one director of fantasy films is \\"in love with monsters. My fascination with them is almost anthropological... I study them, I dissect them in many of my movies: I want to know how they work, what the inside of them looks like, [and] what their sociology is.\\" I can see that.ers. My fascination with them is almost anthropological... I study them, I dissect them in many of my movies: I want to know how they work, what the inside of them looks like, [and] what their sociology is.\\" I can see that.
031606792X|2.0|I've read \\"Breaking Dawn\\" twice, trying to get a handle on exactly how I felt about it and what I wanted to say.  It surprised me that it was so difficult, not because I've ever been an uber-fan of the series - I've enjoyed it, and I was looking forward to \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" but I've haven't lived and breathed the series like some - but because this book honestly left me that confused.    There have been many comments about the editing, and I agree with those.  The book reads like a first draft from a new author, which I found distracting.  Then I learned that Meyer had written a manuscript after writing \\"Twilight\\" and had borrowed from it liberally in the creating of \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" and it made sense to me that the writing wouldn't seem nearly as polished; writers tend to improve the more they write, so if this had indeed been written early in her career, naturally it wouldn't be as skilled as if it was fresh.  Even so, why then go back and reuse a work she had to know wasn't up to the most recent standards she had set for herself?  Or if she really wanted to use that material, why not rewrite it in the style she's developed since?  I would think that if she had gone through and reread it knowing what she knows now about the craft, the \\"voice\\" would sound just as off to her as it does to the public - even more so to her, now that she knows what she's capable of creating.    My bigger struggle was with the story itself and what to say about it.  I think that if \\"Breaking Dawn\\" had been released as a stand-alone novel, or even as the first book in a new series, it could work - change the names from the \\"Twilight\\" cast to something new, tighten up in a few places, and there you go - I truly think it could fly.  But that's the problem.  This wasn't presented as a stand-alone or as the start of a new series - it was presented as the final book in an already-existing, already-popular saga so that the readers who had come to love these characters and were dying to know howeverything turned out would supposedly go on one last joyride with them.  And as such, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" just doesn't fit, because the readers were set up with the premise that it would and were - rightfully so - *expecting*.  Reading it under that auspice is like getting hit in the face with ice-cold water.  It's so completely different from anything and everything else that Meyer had set forth in the first three books - characterization, guidelines for her fantasy world, even just the feel of the setting itself.  None of it has carried through into \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  Again, if she really has used earlier work that was done before the whole \\"Twilight\\" world was really developed in detail, why didn't she rework this one to include any of that?    My disappointment has nothing to do with the plot of \\"Breaking Dawn\\" itself - it has to do with the fact that I feel readers were rather mislead regarding what they could expect.  The fact that this is an old, recycled novel that never made it through the initial editing process shows plainly, and for me, it's destroyed her credibility.  I don't feel the public was given a finale to an established series, either construction-wise or creative-wise, and that's a let-down.  That's what readers were promised, and Meyer has failed to deliver.
0765348276|4.0|I found Old Man's War to be very enjoyable. While there are areas where the author could of expounded more on some of his characters (and their fates), the overall book was an easy read, and enjoyable. It had a very good opening, and the pacing of the novel was good.<br /><br />It's set in the near future where space colonization is a high priority. In order to join the Colonial Defense; you must be at least 75 years old. Upon signing up, you lose your citizenship and your rights to ever return to Earth. However, in exchange you get a new, much younger, mil-spec upgraded body. After a tour of 2 to 10 years, you can return to \\"normal\\" life on one of the colonized worlds.<br /><br />I've gone ahead and ordered several of the following novels in the series/universe.
031606792X|2.0|What a jumble of stuff this is in the 4th book!  Page after page of problems with easy solutions.... in fact, more so-called problems than anyone anywhere would ever experience, or even think about.  I loved the first book (I am a grandmother who loves good books).  Everyone can relate to young love..... The second book was about Jacob, and who cares? He was always mean and even hateful to Edward and what was there to like or admire about his relationship with his so-called best friend, Bella?  The third book.... I forgot what it was about..... But this final book is ridiculous.  I always hesitate to criticize episodic books, especially when they are written to soothe the readers of a first book, but this is too much.  Rosemary's baby meets Frankenstein's monster?  Too bad.  But I am still pleased with the casting of the movie and am looking forward to seeing it.
B000VLOKQI|4.0|A bit different format then Kids are Alright with some new insight into how the band formed and the love/hate relationship between Pete and Roger. Definitely worth getting if your a Who fan. For people just discovering The Who, I probably recommend Kids are Alright DVD for your first exposure into the inner workings of this legendary band.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm an intermediate exerciser who was looking for a challenge and quick results. This workout nearly killed me, but in a good way. I have done it every other day for a week so far, and I already see-and feel- the results! Go Jillian!
0765342294|5.0|Ender's Game is, without a doubt, one of the finest works of science fiction ever written.  I believe it is a book that no sci-fi fan should miss.  Card is one of the finest story tellers of our time, and all people should recognize him as such.
B00005JPLW|3.0|WARNING: This film contains brutal, graphic, stylized action/violence, sexuality/partial nudity, and fascist ideologies.    Based upon Frank Miller's graphic novel of the same name, [[ASIN:1569714029 300]] is the bloody story of King Leonidas who lead three hundred of his bravest Spartan warriors into battle against overwhelming odds. The film is an impressive exercise in the use of CGI (Computer Generated Imagery) and was made on a relatively small budget. Technically the film is an extraordinary achievement but artistically it's somewhat lacking. This is due in part to the story itself, which oversimplifies a massively complex historical period and is also due to the inaccuracies presented as though they were obvious to every viewer. I don't think that your average \\"action film audience\\" member is familiar with ancient military or political histories, nor do I think that all viewers will understand the social implications that this film makes. Frank Miller himself has pointed out the liberties he's taken with history and makes no excuses, saying, \\"I've never been accused of realism and I never deserve to be.\\"  It would be silly of me to accuse the film or the graphic novel of being an unrealistic or inappropriate portrait of the battle of Thermopylae, so I won't focus on the many deviations from reality. Rather, my reason for having mixed feelings about the film comes from the fact that it is so clearly a pro-war film. There's much emphasis on the necessity of war and the glory of dying in battle, which considering current events seems like a strange and potentially dangerous statement to be making, especially when the events the differences between the Persian invasion and the Iraq war are so obvious. If a comparison is to be made there are certain things that must be taken into account. There are many differences between the last stand at Thermopylae (480 B.C.) and the U.S./Iraq  conflict.  1. First of all, there have been phenomenal technological advances in which we have the advantage. If Greece is to be viewed as an allegory for the U.S., one must also consider the fact that we are technologically better equipped than the opposing forces in modern Iraq. In ancient Greece, though they were making revolutionary technological progress, the Persians would have had the advantage mainly because their empire was so vast that they had control over some of the most creative and innovative minds.  2. We outnumber the Iraqi insurgents whereas Leonidas and the Greeks were in the minority back then. While the Persians were creating an empire by conquering one nation after another and amassing an enormous army, the threat that we face is significantly smaller in number. In fact they are the underdogs, which if the theory is correct could mean that one day religious and political terrorists will be looked upon with the same sense of romanticism as piracy in the Caribbean and slavery in the Southern United States. This is something that is truly frightening.  3. Though Leonidas and the Spartans are given much of the praise for the ultimate defeat of the Persians, it was in actuality the Greek navy who was responsible for their victory (the battle of Thermopylae was in essence a sideshow, the real decisive battles were the battles of Salamis and Plataea). This is in direct contrast with today where the government is either praised or blamed for the accomplishments and foibles in Iraq. Today the soldier is often forgotten or vilified while politicians bask in the spotlight.    The story is very straight forward as it follows he-man King Leonidas, who foresees Persia's imminent invasion of Greece and tells of his attempt to stop it. King Leonidas, like all male Spartans, was sent to the agoge (a brutal school where young boys are trained to become soldiers or die trying), where at the age of seven he began military training of the highest caliber. Upon his return he is crowned king and he becomes a popular yet controversial leader. Yearslater, when Persian messengers come to offer Leonidas to align himself with the \\"God-King\\", Xerxes, Leonidas slaughters the messengers and essentially brings the wrath of the Persian Empire upon his people (this is a dramatic departure from the historical truth). The Spartan political world is greatly dependent on religious ritualism, so Leonidas goes to the fabled city of Delphi to see the Oracle (a prophet and priestess). There it becomes apparent that the Oracle is being manipulated by other priests and that they are in league with Xerxes. He is told that he is forbidden to go to war and Leonidas realizes that if Greece is to survive in its present form then he must take the western world's fate into his own hands. He gathers three hundred of his greatest soldiers and they march to Thermopylae (translates to the Hot Gates), an enclosed area off the shoreline and the most readily accessible access to Greece. When the Persians arrive they battle it out with the Spartans (in reality there were also hundreds of other Greeks present, not just the three hundred Spartans), hacking off limbs, shattering bones and basically committing one savage act of violence after another. At first the Spartans hold their ground but the sheer number of their opponents (historical documents vary; some say that the Persian army that fought at Thermopylae was only six thousand strong while other say that there was an astounding million) proves to be their downfall. However their deaths inspire Greece to go to war where Persia is finally defeated at Plataea.    Another reason for the film's controversy is that the story appears to be a celebration of fascism. The Greeks are viewed as being muscular, heroic, Herculean figures of honor and duty, but the Persian army (which consist of Asian, African and Middle-eastern warriors) is portrayed as being sadistic, dominating, sexually perverse and dishonest. There's a great deal of racial and cultural stereotyping which will undoubtedly offend some viewers. There's also a strong homophobic atmosphere (much like the works of Nietzsche). The muscular Spartans refer to the intellectual Athenians as being \\"philosophers and boy-lovers\\", which may be true in some sense. In ancient Greece, homosexuality was common and it didn't have the social stigma that it carried after the rise of Judeo-Christian values.  It's also unfortunate that the filmmakers have attempted to make ancient Spartan society a parable for the United States. If this is what we are to become, what our modern society is born of, if these are the values that we embrace then the future is indeed bleak.  Yet with all of these things in mind I can still recommend 300. For one it's a fascinating reflection of our current moral attitudes and our disturbing fascination with violence. It's also a reminder of the perils of extremist viewpoints and social hypocrisy. The film is really only enjoyable if viewed as mindless pulp entertainment, but it's thoroughly depressing when viewed as an allegory.    Also recommended for those interested in learning about the historical events that inspired this film:  [[ASIN:0140449086 The Histories]]  [[ASIN:0872207366 Republic]]  [[ASIN:0306813602 Thermopylae: The Battle For The West]]  [[ASIN:184176180X Thermopylae 480 BC: Last stand of the 300]]  [[ASIN:B000OIOPPE The History Channel Presents Last Stand of the 300 - The Legendary Battle at Thermopylae]]  [[ASIN:B0001NBMDK The 300 Spartans]]
1401216676|5.0|When I read this through for the first time, I was under the impression it was aimed at younger teenagers. Needless to say, when I got to the middle of the book, I was pretty shocked at some of the content. At times I think the Joker's reaction to his \\"bad day\\" were a little too extreme, but some of the lines he says are really powerful and thought provoking. So even though this story pushes the envelope, its still a classic.
031606792X|5.0|May contain spoilers!!     4 months ago i was at school and my friend emily was reading these books and i said what is so great about them? And she gave me twilight and i started to read it i am a slow reader so it took me a bout 3 months to read the first half of the book. So i started it again and it took me 2 days to read the book I would have to say then these books stole my heart. I could feel everything bella felt her heart breaking falling in love being confused and it left me for more the next day i bought new moon.      I finished that one in 2 days also. I couldnt put it down!! I cried when edward left bella in the woods when she was screaming in the morning when she was gonna try and drown her self i cried even harder when he came back to her well when she saved him from trieing to kill himself. I laught thrugh her friendship with jake and i felt bellas pain when the went to the vultrii (I think that is the wrong spelling i suck at spelling so parden me lol). Felt edward confusion when he couldnt read bells mind.     then i finished that book and the day after breakling dawn came out i went and bought eclipse and breaking dawn to cuz i new i would finish so fast. I was right i finished eclipse in a little less the 3 days cuz of the lenght. And again i felt bellas pain in the confusion in loveing jake and edward. But yet i knew that bella and edward would never be sepreated again cuz she wouldnt allow that. When vicotoria died i laught my head off right with hers and loved when edward and bella fought over her becomeing a vampire. My favorate part was when she finaly agreed to marrie edward i loved and cried at that part the hardest!!      Then after i finished eclipse i picked up Breaking dawn and cried right away thrugh the flash backs of telling charile and the flash backs of telling renee to the wedding it self and of corse the honeymoon bella and her sudceing edward like that i laught so hard!! And when edward was lieing on the floor deu to balla's missed period i was laughing again thrugh her ressting for anyone to remove that baby from her was so funny how rose hoved over her like a hawlk to after bella became a vampire and wanted to rip jakes face off for imprinting on nessie! to her special talents to the groth of nessie and the voultri ant the end to the last words on the last page of the last chapter forever and forever and forever made me cry so hard!!       So woith out a doubht this book is the most powerful book i have ever read and loved every minute of it!!! Steph i hope u write another!!!!!! dont be stupid like the other authers and keep there word when they say they r done!!!  I also have to say that the people with the one and to star revies r being stupid this book is fiction not a life event i dont thin k vampires fall in love with humans in real life come on be real people. If steph wanted to have teenaga girls believe in marage and haveing children instead of going to school the she would have made the book about vampires its about love and thahts what counts so steph great book and keep them comeing!!!! This book truely stole my heart!!!  Love Candy!!!!
031606792X|1.0|Don't waste your money like I did. Or your precious time on this terrible book. I was utterly disapointed with the last book. If you haven't read it don't, it will ruin the entire saga in your head about the story. Make up your own happy ending for the book. For this is the worst I have read in a long time. 700 pages of Stephanie Meyers spewing her Mormon ways into a great series.    Please don't make the same mistake I did. It isn't worth it.
B000JIHP88|1.0|We bought this even after reading the reviews here on Amazon. I sure wish i would have listened to the reviews instead of wasting my time and money. Like the other reviews stated, the music is very low, hard to hear unless you have a completly silent house (and who does), the light is very dim, to dim to even see the mobile in a dark room in the middle of the night, so what enjoyment does the baby get if they can't even see it. And the remote doesn't even work very well, in the middle of the night you have to activate the mobile manually first before the remote will work, doesnt that defeat the purpose of having the remote in the middle of the night. I will be returning it and getting something different.
031606792X|5.0|The final installment in the Twilight series, Breaking Dawn was a perfect finish to an amazing saga.  Stephenie Meyer once again did an excellent job of drawing the reader in to really feel the emotions of the book.  I perceive a good novel as one that allows you to escape the reality of the world and live for a moment where everyone receives their happy ending.  This definitely fulfilled that expectation.  Excellent!!!
B0012Q732O|3.0|First off, I did enjoy the movie.  It wasn't fantastic by any stretch of the imagination, but it kept my attention.  The special effects were well done (loved the sabretooth cat) and the costumes and score reflected the tone of the film.  However, as many other reviewers have noted, the movie was almost plodding until the last 20 minutes and relied too heavily upon several convenient prophecies to propel the thin plot.<br /><br />While I was hoping for something along the lines of [[ASIN:B00005JKYX The Scorpion King (Widescreen Collector's Edition)]], an action-packed sword and sandal flick, what I got was a movie where [[ASIN:0790742764 Clan of the Cave Bear]] meets [[ASIN:B0000844I8 Stargate (Ultimate Edition)]]. We have a young girl with blue eyes taken in by a primitive tribe.  They have a prophecy that she and one of their warriors will save their people.  And until she is kidnapped by four legged demons (men on horses) all the viewer gets is the narrator talking and the men hunting.  That's it.  While \\"Clan\\" was based on a heavily researched book, with an engaging heroine and interesting historical details, \\"BC\\" is a hodgepodge of history and the narrator doesn't have anything vital to reveal.  I agree with the reviewer who felt there should be more sex and violence befitting such a savage time.  Normally, I don't care for gratuitous sex or violence but in this instance I heartily agree.  Something needed to jump start this film.  After the kidnapping, things didn't pick up much either.  Our hero goes after her and we follow the three men tracking them for far too long.  Along the way, our hero runs into a tribe of african people, who happily form an army for him since he fulfills one of their prophecies, and the climax is all set up. Finally, the film starts moving along, only viewers will feel like they are suddenly watching Stargate.<br /><br />The hero arrives at a huge construction site by the river.  Many thousands of slaves are building a pyramid for \\"The Almighty,\\" a mysterious figure attended by robed men and young boys - just like Ra in Stargate.  Even his building and chambers look like Ra's!  And he'll face defeat from a primitive people to boot.  And guess what?  The Almighty has a prophecy that a Hunter with a mark will come to destroy him!  Despite the total lack of originality, and yet another prophecy, the very predictable ending still managed to make the movie worth watching.  A stampede of Mammoths, thousands of extras, lots of fighting, and a triumph of good over evil are always attention grabbing.  And, I just love a happy ending.<br /><br />Overall, this movie could have been so much better if they had cut out the boring overview of the tribe in the beginning in favor of more information about The Almighty.  We never learn where he came from, how he took control, nothing.  He was far more interesting a character than the hero, and he didn't get much screen time.  Still, if you're looking for a movie to pass the time, this wasn't bad.  But, I'd recommend renting it.mysterious figure attended by robed men and young boys - just like Ra in Stargate.  Even his building and chambers look like Ra's!  And he'll face defeat from a primitive people to boot.  And guess what?  The Almighty has a prophecy that a Hunter with a mark will come to destroy him!  Despite the total lack of originality, and yet another prophecy, the very predictable ending still managed to make the movie worth watching.  A stampede of Mammoths, thousands of extras, lots of fighting, and a triumph of good over evil are always attention grabbing.  And, I just love a happy ending.    Overall, this movie could have been so much better if they had cut out the boring overview of the tribe in the beginning in favor of more information about The Almighty.  We never learn where he came from, how he took control, nothing.  He was far more interesting a character than the hero, and he didn't get much screen time.  Still, if you're looking for a movie to pass the time, this wasn't bad.  But, I'd recommend renting it.
0861714911|5.0|The Pali Canon takes up a LOT of space and there is just so much to read that it would take the normal person a lifetime.    Bhikku Bodhi has taken all the truly relevant discoursed of the Buddha and put them into categories so that they are easy to find, easy to cross reference and really understand the dharma.    The translation into English is also really well done. It is perfect for any night stand, classroom, casual reading or serious practice.
031606792X|4.0|The fourth and final installment of the very popular Twilight series.<br /><br />*spoilers to follow*<br /><br />Meyer wraps everything up very neatly.  It's obvious that Bella represents a kind of wish-fulfillment for her, as by the end of the book she gets everything she wants without having any consequences at all. Neither Bella nor her love interest, vampire Edward Cullen, seem terribly well-rounded.  Bella half-heartedly goes through with the wedding that Edward insists upon, and during their honeymoon in a remote tropical island, finds that she's become pregnant with Edward's child.<br /><br />Bella is the perfect martyr, willing to sacrifice any and all of her needs for others.  Edward is a prat, still pouting that he can't read her mind, and therefore notoriously dumb about communicating in a healthy way with his fiance.  Bella enlists the aid of barren Rose in order to protect her during her abnormally fast supernatural pregnancy.  Not having much time to consider things, and as a child of a bitter divorce, it's clear Bella's never thought much about baby names, she quickly settles on \\"Renesmee\\" as the name for her daughter.  Everyone shortens this to \\"Nessie\\" much to her chagrin.  Werewolf Jacob wastes no time imprinting on Nessie, something which I saw as a very odd compromise to get him a love interest deeply connected to Bella in some way.  Nessie clearly suffers from SORAS (Soap-Opera Rapid Aging Syndrome) as her half-vampire heritage causes her to nearly instantly age into an adorable pre-schooler.<br /><br />A showdown with the vampire lords ensures the Cullens future safety, as they make their case for their \\"vegetarian\\" existance, and the existance of their half-vampire child.  Bella flexes her own superpowers, adapting to her vampire existence with ease and near-perfect control, not the ravening bloodlust that she'd feared.  Bella's utter disdain for her \\"clumsy\\" human years reminded me very much of Lestat in Anne Rice's The Tale of the Body Thief.<br /><br />These characters are so arresting, and the world that Meyer creates so believable, it's frustrating to see them take a turn that one wouldn't have wished... I was rooting for a better ending for Jacob of course, and wishing that Bella would grow a spine!  Still, for all the quibbles I had with plot of the book, it was still extremely entertaining and a quick read despite it's hefty page-count.<br /><br />On the whole, this is an very enjoyable series, and one that I'd recommend even if it wasn't a super-hot bestseller.arresting, and the world that Meyer creates so believable, it's frustrating to see them take a turn that one wouldn't have wished... I was rooting for a better ending for Jacob of course, and wishing that Bella would grow a spine!  Still, for all the quibbles I had with plot of the book, it was still extremely entertaining and a quick read despite it's hefty page-count.    On the whole, this is an very enjoyable series, and one that I'd recommend even if it wasn't a super-hot bestseller.
0465043577|5.0|To begin, I am not a mathematician or investor, however, this book opened the world of those topics to me in an understandable way. The author is an out-of-thebox thinker who clearly explained the topic well, causing me to investigate the ideas more.
0307383415|5.0|I just finished this book and it was one of the better books I have read recently. It was very easy to read. Obama was very candid and I was impressed at how open and real he was in this book.... I feel like I know Barack Obama better now.
B0000549B0|4.0|What a good movie.  This is what movies are supposed to be like.  This is just a fun movie.  Jimmy Stewart is good in this, very believable.  Watch this and enjoy.
B000Q66PXE|5.0|This is simply a great TV show.  I think it will be considered a great tragedy that it was cancelled so abruptly by HBO, but they still wrapped it up as well as they could.  The story, both the historically accurate and the fictional stories are wonderful to behold.  This show ironically introduced some of the finest actors from Britain to the United States.  Now they are some pretty mediocre network TV shows.  Shame on you HBO!
B00004RF97|5.0|[[ASIN:B00004RF97 The Philadelphia Story]]  This is one of the top ten greatest films ever made. You won't be disappointed with your purchase and it makes a great gift. If you like Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn try 'HOLIDAY'. The cast is fantastic and the writing is excellent! It is now available in Cary Grants box set or individually. Happy viewing.
031606792X|5.0|I'm not sure why everyone is hating this book so much. I think that it was a wonderful conclusion to the series with room at the end for possibly another book. People upset about the choices that Bella made need to understand that this book is about her being in love with a vampire. That key factor should make people stop making this book into some type of reality and enjoy it for what it really is, a wonderful work of fiction.<br /><br />This book shows everyone doing a bit of growing up and I am very happy about that. Bella spent a lot of time being whiny and childish, and she has come into her own in Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />spoilers below:<br /><br />People want to complain about the fact that there is a mention of sex in the book, but completely overlook the fact that there was also mention of not having sex until you are married. People complain about her getting married at eighteen without worrying about anything else, but that is completely untrue. She's going to a great college and does nothing but worry about her future and the future of the people she love.<br /><br />Then there are the others that don't understand why Bella gets everything she wants at the end of the series. To that I pose another question. Why did you read any of the books?!? This is a fictional love story. Most people like to see love stories end happily, and this one did. I'm going to take a guess and say that if you kept reading the book, you liked Bella's character which means that you would want the book to end with her happy.<br /><br />She becomes a wife, a mother, and a vampire in this book so why would people expect her to act the exact same way she did in the other books? I think that Stephenie Meyer did a great job with this series and I can't wait for Midnight Sun.
0792833279|1.0|The GET SHORTY DVD I received was for hearing impaired viewing.  The English words spoken were written out on the bottom of the screen and it was very distracting.  And very disappointing!  The seller's ad did NOT specify that the DVD they were selling had these captions added.  Bad deal.
031606792X|1.0|I am so very disappointed in this book. I'm a Jacob fan, and I'm here to say that he deserved better than that. I understand her couldn't end up with Bella, but I mean come ON.     (SPOLIERS BEWARE!)    Jake imprints on Edwards little \\"monster\\"?! How fake is that? Did what Jacob and Bella had (even if it was nothing compared to Bella/Edward) mean NOTHING to Stephenie Meyer?       And even the Bella/Edward combo felt way fake and soooo unlike Steph's writing.     And what was with the RUSH to end the series? Does Steph not enjoy her fans? Why did she rush all of the characters into endings? It made me sad to find out that Steph just wanted it off her shoulders. Can you imagine stopping Harry Potter at book 4? Steph should have just enjoyed writing and not put herself in a box.     So when people ask me if I like the Twilight series, I say just the first 3, the last one is too disappointing.
B000LXHK2C|3.0|I didn't enjoy this movie as much as I thought I would.  I never do connect with Skinner and I felt the romance was just a convenient subplot.  I wasn't sure if the cousin or the waitress was supposed to be the love interest for a while there.  But overall, I felt this film was a male version of Under the Tuscan Sun. (France instead of Italy.)  I didn't believe Skinner's transformation.  Nothing in this captured my heart the way it should have.  There was a few storylines just dropped.  I thought the best friend and the cousin would become an item.  But I did enjoy the soundtrack.
B00122M2QU|5.0|Max and Igor, the brothers Cavalera, started Sepultura.  Even Andreas Kisser and Paulo Jr. were not in the original formation of the band.  That means that the band still carrying the Sepultura name today is really not Sepultura at all, but just some guys who are using the name of something not rightfully theirs.  Anyway, onto the album.  Max and Igor have finally made amends, after not speaking for many years and have teamed up to make what is finally a worthy follow up to Roots.  This album crushes from beginning to end and even avoids the \\"spiritual\\" themes of Max's Soulfly releases.  Max's vocals and Igor's drumming combine to create an album almost good enough to forget that Derrick Green ever happened (although only a full on Sepultura reunion could totally erase that).  If you hated Sepultura's output since Max's departure, and were left unfulfilled by Soulfly, do not hesitate to purchase this album and pray to the gods of metal that they make more albums together.
031606792X|3.0|Overall, this book was good and very worth reading if you've been reading the series. Unfortunately, it was slightly predictable and seemed to keep running through the same things that the other three books covered to the point of tedium. I just wasn't feeling this book like the others but it was a good way to wrap up the series.
B00028HBKM|4.0|The Passion of the Christ was much-hyped when it was released in 2004. Mel Gibson who wrote and directed this film took a lot of heat, critics said this epic was a direct insult to Jewish people. I watched this film a few years ago and this film is violent but I don't think the point of view takes aim at any religion in particular, I think every religion had a part in the horrible death of Jesus Christ. This film uses sub-titles so get ready to read dialogue. James Caviezel is a splendid actor, hope he continues to make more incredible films in the future. Mel Gibson may have been used as punching bag but you can't ignore the brilliance of this controversial drama.
B0000UJDLM|5.0|Thank yo for combing my order. It was as just as you descrided it. I recieved both DVD's right away.  Again Thank!
031606792X|5.0|I thought this book was fantastic, and dare say, I believe it's even better than Harry Potter.  It was such a fun read, and through out the whole series Meyer did a great job of making me feel for the characters be it happy or annoyed.  I'm surprised with all the one star reviews that seem to stem from the novel not being \\"realistic enough\\" or saying it sends a poor message to children.  First, the fantasy is what makes it so amazing.  If I want to read of lonliness, misery, unfulfilled dreams, murder etc then I'll pick up the newspaper.  But I don't.  I want to read something that is ridiculously happily ever after.  Those endings so rarely happen in reality that it makes me savor them all the more, even if it is in fiction.  Second, if you think Meyer is trying to send a message with these books you're taking them way too seriously.  It's a story.  \\"Reality TV\\" gives a far far worse message.  At least Meyer had Edward and Bella be traditional about their wedding night.  If you like light reading this is a very good choice.
B0012IWNTA|5.0|Apenas acaba de llegarme y ya lo he visto! es un excelente disco!!!, tiene dos partes, en una todo el show y en la otra los comentarios, creditos, galeria de imagenes y mucho mas... Es una belleza de concierto en el O2... M&agrave;gico! precioso escenario !!! LOS CHICOS HIZIERON UN EXCELENTE TRABAJO!!! AL IGUAL QUE TODO SU EQUIPO!!! ESPERO PODER VERLOS POR PRIMERA VEZ EN LA QUE SERA QUIZA SU ULTIMA GIRA!!!<br /><br />Karol Fern&agrave;ndez<br />Venezuela
B0013FYTA8|4.0|I didn't know what to expect from them since \\" So Happy\\" was their 1st single,but once I bought the cd I was quite pleased with this cd.They have some very good catchy songs.I wouldn't say its their best cd,but its pretty close.My only problem is there were quite alot of slow songs,but they usually do alot of slow songs.Overall good rock cd
B0018AK9RA|1.0|A lot of the criticism for this snickeringly stupid Priest outing is that they are bordering on Spinal Tap territory.  I think it's time to ease up on the Tap.  They were trying to be funny.  I don't think that is the intent here.  Imagine how much funnier Spinal Tap could have been if this was around when that movie came out; they would have so much much more (utterly ridiculous) material to lampoon.    As for my review - there are 23 songs, 6 or 7 are good musically and would be strong if the lyrics were not so stupid.  The others are filler, plenty of keyboards, acoustic guitars, and plain all out wastes of time.    Still, the concept is so dumb.  I don't even think I could have taken it seriously if they released this 25 years ago when I was 16.  The only age group that would appreciate this would not be allowed to buy it because their mommies don't think they are old enough.
B000B5XOY8|4.0|The story of the hero known as Batman is one that many people are familiar with to some degree. As a comic book character created by Bob Kane for DC Comics, Batman has remained one of the most popular heroes throughout the years, and the same can be said, for the most part, for all of his various incarnations in both the comics and other forms of media. In the 1960's the Caped Crusader was adapted into a weekly television series, starring Adam West (Bruce Wayne/Batman) and Burt Ward (Dick Grayson/Robin). The problem with this series, in my opinion, was that it chose to make a comedy out of Batman, everything about this series just screamed camp! I'll admit I have watched some of the episodes, along with the movie that was released around the same time, and for some reason I actually found myself unable to look away. The only conclusion I could come up with was that the series was the equivalent of a train wreck; you know the results are going to be disastrous, yet you can't bring yourself to look away. Sure the series was a hit, but I challenge any fan of the series to go back now, and actually watch it and see if you truly feel that it did any sort of justice to the character of Batman. Anyway, I digress, the series eventually ended; however, that would not be the end of Batman's life on television. He would later appear in animated form on the kid-friendly \\"Super Friends\\" show, which was basically the Justice League superhero team without the name. After a few seasons on the air, \\"Super Friends\\" ended, and once again Batman was left to only appear in the comics.<br /><br />Then in 1989, Warner Brothers released what would become the first of four feature films that would comprise the original Batman film franchise. In this incarnation the character appeared to be getting the treatment he rightfully deserved, gone was the camp and stupidity of the 1960's, and in was a darker, brooding, and vengeful billionaire version of Bruce Wayne who prowls the rooftops of Gotham City in the guise of Batman<br /><br />\\"Batman\\" focuses on the Batman's (Michael Keaton) initial appearances in and around Gotham City, stopping crime whenever and wherever he finds it. For many, he is nothing more than a myth supposedly lurking in the shadows, created in an effort to deter the criminal element that plagues the city. However, when a maniacal menace by the name of Joker (Jack Nicholson) begins terrorizing Gotham, Batman is forced to come out from the shadows to confront this madman before his city is plunged into madness.<br /><br />After the popularity of the 60's TV series, Tim Burton's dark vision of Batman was exactly what was needed to turn the Dark Knight back into the vengeful hero he was meant to be. Burton was wise enough to create a version of Batman that was dramatically strong, yet remained true enough to the hero's legendary origins, while still adding a few tweaks for artistic license, that he was able to present a movie that would please the fanboys (and girls), and also gain great critical acclaim and commercial success. The approach of the story was different from most superhero movies of today, because here Bruce Wayne has already become Batman, and we are given his origin through a series of flashbacks. Taking the place of the traditional hero origin was the origin of the film's villain, the Joker. Generally in superhero films both origins tend to be presented simultaneously, or at least in quick succession of each other; however, the change to that method worked out well, and I believe the film's success when it was released, and its continued popularity today, is partially due to that somewhat unconventional approach to the storytelling. The overall story in \\"Batman\\" was very well-paced, and generally balanced in regards to the main characters. I did feel that at times perhaps Joker was getting way too much focus, and that Batman/Bruce Wayne was getting pushed aside a bit (this was possibly due to Jack Nicholson's much broaderappeal and star power over that of Michael Keaton). Vicki Vale was fleshed out a little in the story, although she never manages to become much more than the token girlfriend for Bruce Wayne in this movie, not that this is all that surprising. The action worked well within the film, never feeling forced into the proceedings to provide the obligatory fight sequences for a comic book or action movie. Basically, all of the story elements within \\"Batman\\" worked perfectly with each other to create a very entertaining movie, and beloved comic book adaptation, and at the time, it could have been viewed as a \\"How To\\" guide for making a successful superhero movie.<br /><br />The cast was led by Michael Keaton, who was a source of much contention amongst fans at the time of his casting; because at that time all he had really been known for were comedic roles, and his most recent had been the title role in Tim Burton's \\"Beetlejuice\\". However, once trailers for the movie started appearing on TV and in movie theaters, and then the eventual release of the movie, the fans soon began supporting Michael's portrayal, and to this day he still remains the fan favorite for many Bat-fans. Michael brought a very serious minded approach to the character of Bruce Wayne, playing him as being somewhat uncomfortable in his billionaire role, and much more at ease in the part of Batman. He also was the first to give the two characters very distinct voices to differentiate from one another, a choice that has stuck with the character throughout all of his movie incarnations since then (well, except for \\"Batman & Robin\\", George Clooney never left `George Clooney' mode). Jack Nicholson (\\"The Bucket List\\") was the perfect choice for Joker, and at the time was the iconic version of the character that all other versions would be judged by; however, the late Heath Ledger has dethroned Nicholson with his recent portrayal of a much more menacing version of Joker in Christopher Nolan's \\"The Dark Knight\\". Jack brought a dark sense of humor and violent disposition to the character, aspects of the Joker that hadn't been seen before except in the comic books, mixed with a little bit of wackiness, although not so much that it became cartoonish or distracting from the movie or his performance. Rounding out the main cast was Kim Basinger (\\"Cellular\\") as Vicki Vale, her character as I stated earlier, was essentially nothing more than eye candy and a love interest for Bruce Wayne. There were a few moments where Kim was surprisingly given some important scenes in the script, therefore adding some depth to her character and her relationship with Bruce, but otherwise she was nothing more than the damsel-in-distress for the hero to save.<br /><br />In the end, \\"Batman\\" was, and still is, an excellent superhero film adaptation, and at the time was responsible for resurrecting the seemingly dead comic book genre after the one-two punch of \\"Superman 3\\" and \\"Superman 4: The Quest for Peace\\" had killed it off. Boasting a very solid story that was approached seriously by all the cast and crew working on the film, Tim Burton's \\"Batman\\" was the perfect weapon for successfully destroying the public's misconception of Batman as being nothing more than a silly superhero for children that was the focal point of an extremely campy TV show.<br /><br />\\"Batman\\" is rated PG-13 for violence and language.er that of Michael Keaton). Vicki Vale was fleshed out a little in the story, although she never manages to become much more than the token girlfriend for Bruce Wayne in this movie, not that this is all that surprising. The action worked well within the film, never feeling forced into the proceedings to provide the obligatory fight sequences for a comic book or action movie. Basically, all of the story elements within \\"Batman\\" worked perfectly with each other to create a very entertaining movie, and beloved comic book adaptation, and at the time, it could have been viewed as a \\"How To\\" guide for making a successful superhero movie.    The cast was led by Michael Keaton, who was a source of much contention amongst fans at the time of his casting; because at that time all he had really been known for were comedic roles, and his most recent had been the title role in Tim Burton's \\"Beetlejuice\\". However, once trailers for the movie started appearing on TV and in movie theaters, and then the eventual release of the movie, the fans soon began supporting Michael's portrayal, and to this day he still remains the fan favorite for many Bat-fans. Michael brought a very serious minded approach to the character of Bruce Wayne, playing him as being somewhat uncomfortable in his billionaire role, and much more at ease in the part of Batman. He also was the first to give the two characters very distinct voices to differentiate from one another, a choice that has stuck with the character throughout all of his movie incarnations since then (well, except for \\"Batman & Robin\\", George Clooney never left `George Clooney' mode). Jack Nicholson (\\"The Bucket List\\") was the perfect choice for Joker, and at the time was the iconic version of the character that all other versions would be judged by; however, the late Heath Ledger has dethroned Nicholson with his recent portrayal of a much more menacing version of Joker in Christopher Nolan's \\"The Dark Knight\\". Jack brought a dark sense of humor and violent disposition to the character, aspects of the Joker that hadn't been seen before except in the comic books, mixed with a little bit of wackiness, although not so much that it became cartoonish or distracting from the movie or his performance. Rounding out the main cast was Kim Basinger (\\"Cellular\\") as Vicki Vale, her character as I stated earlier, was essentially nothing more than eye candy and a love interest for Bruce Wayne. There were a few moments where Kim was surprisingly given some important scenes in the script, therefore adding some depth to her character and her relationship with Bruce, but otherwise she was nothing more than the damsel-in-distress for the hero to save.    In the end, \\"Batman\\" was, and still is, an excellent superhero film adaptation, and at the time was responsible for resurrecting the seemingly dead comic book genre after the one-two punch of \\"Superman 3\\" and \\"Superman 4: The Quest for Peace\\" had killed it off. Boasting a very solid story that was approached seriously by all the cast and crew working on the film, Tim Burton's \\"Batman\\" was the perfect weapon for successfully destroying the public's misconception of Batman as being nothing more than a silly superhero for children that was the focal point of an extremely campy TV show.    \\"Batman\\" is rated PG-13 for violence and language.
B001B71NOI|4.0|This is one of Trents better albums since \\"With Teeth\\" that's come out recently.  I never really considered myself a NIN Fan until he released his most recent work.  All music is still hard and gritty with a couple melodic songs inbetween.  Each album just seems to get better and better.<br /><br />My only complaint is this.  Unless you're really gung ho on getting the live DVD that comes with this limited edition, you can actually save money and download the whole album, FOR FREE off of the NIN website.  All that is needed is your e-mail and the website will send you a confirmation code.  It's great that way since then you can listen to the album and hey, if you don't like it, you can just delete it off of you harddrive and save the 18 bucks you would buying the CD.
031606792X|4.0|I thought this book was the best written, most beautiful story of the entire series.     I was thinking that it was going to be terrible based on the one star reviews that I read prior to actually \\"Breaking Dawn\\" but it wasn't!     There is no need to rehash the plot... maybe some people just don't like happy endings?    I was thrilled because it seemed like a lot of the romantic, eras bygone nonsense text was eliminated and instead we were left with a meaty, thriller, Vampire love story. Yay!
031606792X|1.0|Are you serious? this book seems like it was terribly rushed and made only to please the stupid diehard fans. the first chapter was alright and it was all downhill from there. i actually liked eclipse, but breaking dawn just ruined the whole series for me. smeyer, you have turned a fan (many, in fact) into an anti-twilighter. are you happy? i hope not. what a horrible way to end the series. no fight? NO FIGHT? come on.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|After their 2nd cd I was a bit worried what their 3rd cd would sound like.However once I heard all the songs I was shocking pleased...I will say I was expecting more \\"rock\\" from them,however this cd really worked.I loved the more tender side of the band.And ofcourse I loved the strings.Its certainly one of those cds that you can just press play and enjoy the whole cd.
031606792X|1.0|Well, after reading the first two books I was hooked on the plot line, but the actual writing was horrible.  Then I got to the third book and was disappointed a lot.  To keep this short...an author should have her facts straight as she writes...Leah played an important part in the battle in book 3 and then in book 4, Jacob says something about Leah and Bella and it is played off as if Leah had just joined the pack and Bella did not know...and she had for most of book 3.  What was Stephanie Meyer THINKING?!
B001AHM2C6|5.0|I was impressed with Hans Zimmer's score for Batman Begins. But I'm even more impressed his score, along with James Newton Howard for The Dark Knight. All the scores in the film are excellent. But the best is \\"Why So Serious?\\". That score really is errie and matches for The Joker.    I bought the limited edition CD because it comes with a booklet and 3 two-side cards of Batman, The Joker and Harvey \\"Two-Face\\" Dent. If you heard the score in the movie, and love it, get this soundtrack.
031606792X|5.0|Ok.  So I read Breaking Dawn, and I was expecting a really bad book after reading all of the reviews.  But this seemed like a good, \\"realistic\\" (as far as can be assumed in a book where the main plot centers around a Vampire-Werewolf-Human love triangle)ending for Bella's story.   I just want to address some of the concerns of the people who are unhappy with the book.    1. Bad writing - Come on have you read the other three books we are not talking Dickens here, Breaking Dawn is right on par with the other books in the Saga.  I think it is unfair to start complaining about the writing at this point.    2. Bella's choices are unrealistic-  Again, have you been reading the series?  Bella has made poor choice after poor choice, first of all deciding to fall in love with a Vampire, then lying to her parents about the relationship, then leading on her best friend in a romantic relationship, then lying to her parents about her best friends true nature, allowing her boyfriend to spend every night in her room with out her parents knowledge, and finally deciding to become a vampire.   Again I think it is unfair to suddenly say Bella is a poor role model because she gets married and has a child at 18.  I think Bella choices were true to here character.  She is hopelessness in love with Edward, and all of her choices center around that one fact, the introduction of Reneseme, and her choices regarding her, are not odd or out of character,  Bella loves everything Edward, this is Edwards child, she love the child, as any mother would.  Just because she is 18 does not mean she is void of maternal instinct.    3. Bella had too easy of a time as a new vampire-  again I think you were missing the point, Bella was meant to be a Vampire, she was fated to be one, hence she transitioned to her true form very naturally.  Give the girl a break.      4.  The ending was to non-violent.  Come on first you get mad because there is too much sex, now you are upset because there is not enough violence.  I think it was a good ending, teaching us that all disagreements do not have to end in violence, but can end through negotiation and discussion,  Maybe we should make Bella our role model in that respect.    5. Jacob should not imprit on Nessie-  Again give the boy a break.  He was going to imprint on someone eventually, why not the daughter of his best friend.  It ends his and Bella's story nicely with out breaking any hearts.    Over all I thought this book was a good end of the series.  Those who did not like the book, are either unfamiliar with the series, or for some unknow reason felt the final book should deviate from the pattern already established in the previous three books.   Bella makes dumb choices so she can be with Edward.  But Bella and Edward are both happy, so I the reader am happy.  This was a fairy tale, why not let everyone live happily ever after.       If you loved the other three books you are going to like this one.  If you didn't like the other three books why are you torturing yourself and reading the fourth one?  Stop! there are other book out there.  You do not have to read this one.  So five stars to Breaking Dawn.  Enjoy the read
B000FIMG68|5.0|This DVD set is sure to please those who love the Lost series. And for those who aren't fans, it guaranteed to suck you in and make you a fan!
B000W082S0|5.0|Fantastic bit of fun that is bright, colourful, clever, simple and appeals to all age groups! A true classic in the making!
B0017MO10U|5.0|I enjoyed this movie tremendously. The problem with reviewing it, is that to say much of anything is to say too much and thus ruin the fun.... and it is fun. There are lots of old friends (and enemies),although some of them aren't there long. Stargate fans should get a real kick out of this one. There are twists and turns and surprises around every corner. One interesting note; the Arctic scenes are actually filmed in the Arctic and the submarine is the USS Alexandria, a nuclear sub with her crew. The extra features are quite interesting, especially the Laymens Guide to Time Travel so be sure to watch those! Leap through the Stargate one more time...you will be glad you did.
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|Fun action, interesting idea...terrible hero!  Hayden Christensen is mostly to blame for providing no endearing qualities whatsoever.<br /><br />If the main character was likeable in any way this movie may have had a chance to be fondly remembered on video.  Alas, the character has no redeeming qualities, in fact he has only one quality to speak of:  Selfishness!<br /><br />He risks his \\"girlfriend's\\" life for his selfish pleasure, he steals instead of working or doing good and by the end of the movie, he has not learned anything.  Samuel L. Jackson's character is just as poorly written and one-dimensional.<br /><br />The cinematography and locations along with the effects are fairly entertaining, but beyond that the film has little to offer. Better to catch it for free on TV sometime or wait about a year and it will be in the dollar bins.
B000V6BE6C|3.0|Having been an A7X enthusiast for the past eight-teen months, I eventually purchased this album against my better judgment. I heard \\"Almost Easy\\" and \\"Afterlife\\" both live and on the radio at the gym, and thought they were a little obnoxious. Now that I've heard the album a number of times, I can offer a critical review, as opposed to those who hear it one time and pass judgment on it, which is the modern fashion of reviewing. Some who would pose as critics have sought to belittle A7X's work by saying they've sold out. That's partly true, but as artists they must change with the times. Like an experiment, they have tried different things, and for that, they are to be applauded.     That said, there is plenty to like and dislike about the album. Shadows' diction has improved tremendously and nearly all the words can be understood, at last! But his singing and technique have not improved. Now the quality is more nasal, less attractive, and occasionally out of tune. There is a great deal of variety in the music, but the lyrics are pretty samey throughout. Nearly every song says something about death or loss or endless misery. (Gee, slit your wrists over it, great topic. What a novel idea.) Gone is the perspicacity of \\"Bat Country\\" and it is replaced with an absolute defeat.     The album starts out with lively and energetic tracks, all sure to be hits. If lively performances and good diction and the singing of The Rev could make the album a success, it would be a success. When \\"Gunslinger\\" pops in, it is so like a rock-ballad that it sounds like a totally different band. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but it comes out of nowhere and it's like you flipped the station over to the soft rock channel. If contrast was desired, it has been obtained.     The appearance of girls voices are a welcome addition, but even they can't save \\"Unbound\\" or the inaptly-named \\"Brompton Cocktail.\\" For the ninth track, \\"A Little Piece of Heaven\\" is really a little piece of psychotic music. It is the most insane thing A7X has produced. I have never burst out laughing like that during a song - the laugh was like Florence Jenkins' famous laugh. The song has one foot in the world of horror, another in comedy and a third in ballad songs, without really achieving the best of any of these. Is it meant to be funny? Because the humour (if it can be called such) is too dark and too bizarre even for A7X, and I'm still not sure what to make of it.    Lastly, \\"Dear God\\" is sorta like a country-western ballad, but only for the first couple minutes. It later descends into pop-rock, which is all that saves this song, and it's really quite enjoyable if you just open your mind to it. If it is truly a country song, consider that perhaps they are mocking country music, and in that, they've achieved their goal. But the album ends there and leaves one with the slight impression that it could not have been better or worse.     I like this album, and it has definitely grown on me, but it is not \\"City of Evil\\"; it is not \\"Waking the Fallen\\"; it is not even \\"Warmness on the Soul\\". It is an unusual step further into light hardcore, and for the next album (if there is one), I would hope they return to their roots and stop experimenting like this. It is a failed experiment, or maybe too modest a success, but I'm sure that a lot of fans feel like Track 10 on \\"City of Evil\\" --- Betrayed.
031606792X|5.0|Let's keep this book in perspective -- it is great fantasy.  I find it ridiculous that people think that this book sends a bad message to our teens.  It's a STORY!  So, yes, I agree that we shouldn't let our kids marry and procreate with vampires, or fly on broomsticks high above an arena with fast moving balls (ala Harry Potter), or hang out with dragons(ala Eragon).  But, I say we should let them read a great story with richly developed characters that is entertaining and heartwarming.  I loved it!  My 14-year-old son did too!!!
B000P6YNSE|5.0|This DVD is sure to please fans of Lost. And if you aren't a fan of Lost, I highly recommend getting all 3 seasons of Lost and delving into a wonderful mystery that keeps you coming back for more!
B00002ZMNV|4.0|I didn't know what to expect from this mix of music (especially since I'm not familiar with Metallica).  But the combination blends well for most of the tracks - in some cases the symphony is overpowered by the band.    The video is good but should have been widescreen - Blu ray would have been ideal.  Kudos for this production.    Great concept executed quite well.
0143038419|5.0|This has been one of the best \\"spiritual\\" books I have read in a long time. Elizabeth Gilbert perfectly articulated what it feels like to be lost, to want God and peace more than anything else in the world and the journey in finding that. Her humor was wonderful and I'm jealous of her writing style as I believe it was exquisite. I don't know why people have even criticized this book unless they were jealous for other reasons - like not having her life or being a wonderful best selling author. The book was a wonderful balance of humor, insight and information.    This is a book will reread again and again. Thanks Elizabeth Gilbert for sharing this with us all.
B0007XT87G|5.0|I discovered PT through a friend about 2 years ago.  Since then, I have bought everything they have done since the \\"Lightbulb Sun\\" LP.  I have also seen then perform live.  BUY THIS CD !!  Excellent song writing, and one of the world's greatest drummers, Gavin Harrison.  If you like this one, also check out \\"In Absentia\\", my favorite of all Porcupine Tree LPs.
0307265730|5.0|This is a lovely collection of short stories that stays with you long after you've read the last page. This is Lahiri's best by far...same simple yet searing language, but the observations are so true they take the wind out of you.
0312117337|5.0|I've never had any Tarot cards myself, tho i must say that this deck really appeals to me. Its much more current day then many other decks and perhaps the biggest plus are the quotes from osho himself which are in the explanatory book.  Best example why you should buy this deck if your into tarot or any other kind of spirituality is the fact that when i did a reading for some of my friends (who are into regular tarot themselves) they where so impressed by the art, truth and texts that they wanted to know where i bought it so they could get a copy for themselves.
B000EHSVSC|4.0|Whilst not having the range of special effects wizardry that we saw in 'Pearl Harbour ' my opinion is Tora! Tora! Tora! is a far superior version of events leading up to and including the attack on Pearl Harbour. I thought the movie was an accurate account of the the attack and gave a good perspective from both the Japanese and American sides. Certainly ranks in the upper bracket of very good war movies and has been warmly welcomed into my movie collection.
031606792X|1.0|What can I say?  I think this is possibly the worst series finale I have ever read.  It was long, boring, and unbelieveable.  The characters have strayed so far from their original personalities.  I think all the things I liked about Twilight are gone.  And sending the message that everything always works out for everyone?  Crazy, even for fiction.  I think she should have stopped after Twilight.
031606792X|2.0|This book is decent I guess but not for this series. If the character names were different in a totally different series and not associated with the characters we grew to enjoy and love then it would be an ok vampire novel.     Though the reason I gave 2 stars is because this is not what I had in mind as the other 3 novels sucked me in and motivated me to buy this 4th book. If i knew from the start of the series that this was the plotted story line I dont think I would have conected to the characters in the same way and would not have been as disappointed to see the utter discrace Bella became. Towards the end of the 3rd book I started getting sick of her, she is so useless I could no longer see what everyone else that was in love with her saw. We never learn anything about her outside of her love for Edward and she never does anything interesting besides feel self pity and make everyone around her try and boast her confidence. Then this book, omg, she is a disaster. I don't even know who she is anymore, does she really love Edward? If she did, she would try and be alittle more upbeat, at least for the wedding. She is marring her soul mate and she doesnt seem the least bit happy. Poor Edward. She says she does the things she does to make everyone else happy and they seem to think that as well but its like a drug addict and their family supporting their habit. They want the addict to quit drugs but the addict says its not their business they can do what they want and what they think is right while the family just sits there and watches the person they love kill themselves. They blame themselves of course and only try and remember the way they used to be to handle being around that person in hopes they will ever return to the person they were. Thats not being a martyer as Jacob says. Thats not self sacrifice, thats selfishness only doing what you want and not making a compromise for what would be the best outcome for everyone.    All the characters in this novel havecompletely changed and I agree over time things would be different but honeslty Bella and Edward have only been together for not even 2 yrs. Not much changes as a teen in the 17-19 age range until you get out on your own and see the world. She has no interests or passions in her life besides Edward and self pity and she needs to at least have a favorite song or dreams to travel the world someday, something like all humans do. She is dead inside, how does everyone want that. At least in the other novels she had somewhat of a sense of humor and wity sarcasim. Here she is just a mental mess of a girl. It makes me sad.
B00004XPPB|5.0|Excellent movie.  Excellent cast, especially Johnny Depp and Al Pacino.  Keeps you on the \\"edge of your seat\\" the whole time.
B0013527I4|5.0|I have purchased all 3 sets so far. My kids (10 and 7)love them all. It keeps them entertained specially in long road trips and it introduces them to artists of years past, some of which have past away but that never the less will always be famous entertainers. It also creates a bond between me and my boys.  They ask question about some guests appearances and characters as well as my childhood and life in the 80's, which is always good. Kids communicating with parents in such away is always a good thing. So if you like the muppets buy this product and re-live your youth as well as maybe start a new generation of fans in your kids.
031606792X|1.0|My 13 year old daughter and her friends couldnt wait for this book to come out. I had read the first 3 books and through a willing suspension of disbelief, I really enjoyed the storyline.  The 4th book read like a different series altogether. My daughter and her friends werent even interested in finishing the book, most of them got halfway through and put it down. The storyline completely lost their interest. I did manage to get through it but felt like a real let down. I think it was a real lost opportunity to finish out the series with a good relevant story.
B0001LJC2K|4.0|Loosely conceptual foray into 21st century spirituality is another outstanding release from one of the only bands to shed their Radiohead comparisons. Instead, Bellamy's strong falsetto and background romantic-classical pianist education continue to fuel their rock music into more passionately melodic avenues of thought, although it could be a little more evenly balanced with their less daring, straight-forward rockers, still quite on point in their own right.
031606792X|5.0|I would have to disagree with those customers who give the Twilight saga books a negative review. With all due respect, everyone is entitled to their own personal opinions, as I am too. But this is a work of brilliance. Lots of ethos - but quite vivid in terms of making one's imagination wonder.<br /><br />When I first heard, from a friend of mine, that there was this new best-selling LDS author (Stephenie M. Meyer) who had recently released these three awesome books (and now four, inclusive of Breaking Dawn), I absolutely had to inquire more into it.<br /><br />At first I kind of cringed away from reading them - because I heard the words \\"it's about vampires...\\" in it. BUT, they had my undivided attention when they accompanied that with \\"...and brim with romance\\". What more can I say - as most ladies, if not all, we are suckers for romance. Start to finish of the Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse and Breaking Dawn books, I must say - they were wrapped with suspense, moments that made me want to cry, and others too that made my heart explode with overwhelming emotion at the love and romance that exists between Bella and Edward, and the other characters in their complementary relationships with each other.<br /><br />These books are sure to keep you on edge, all the way through, in short - a nail-biting experience very very much well worth the read, and absolutely recommended (by me and other fanatics of these books at least!!). Once you commence, it will be hard to put the novels down - even if it is only for a few seconds - as I found out for myself; first hand experience! :)<br /><br />I would say that it is \\"safe\\", or rather suitable for teens (at least those about 16 and above - who have reached the LDS dating age etc.!), and adults alike, as I am one myself, an adolescent at 19 years of age. Overall, fit for all ages... and gender (hopefully you guys will love these books as much us gals do)... A marvelous read!!!
B0000VCZK2|5.0|If you love the \\"Alien\\" movies you will want to purchase this complete  set. The alternative movie features provides a greater selection and enhanced viewing, creating another dimension to the series.    The picture quality is excellent. A must for ALIEN fans....
B0019N8P2W|5.0|i really wish they would bring daria back and on to dvd really soon.I have'nt seen it in forever and really miss it.I used to watch it all the time.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Personally, I did not think of much when I went to see this movie in the theaters. Afterwards I left refreshed because this movie rocked me out of my seat. It was amazing. I was impressed with the Matrix films also made by the Wachowski Brothers and I figured they were going to do another groundbreaking film. I was deeply surprised that this movie didn't do better at the boxoffice. Well it was up against Iron Man and Indiana Jones technically. I did enjoy the anime in the past and the movie is like the anime. If you have seen the anime you know it will have cheesy moments and the race sequences will keep you on the edge of your seat. Overall, fantastic movie and can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can race to the store and snag it ASAP!
0307269191|5.0|To say that Haruki Murakami is a fantastic writer is to shed light on the obvious.  Unfortunately, only two of Murakami's nonfiction books have been translated into English (Underground and What I Talk About When I Talk About Running), but what's been given to us has showed that Murakami's charms and talents transcend that found in the pages of his novels.<br /><br />With What I Talk About When I Talk About Running (a great play on a Raymond Carver collection title), Murakami gives us a memoir that incorporates the theme of running into tales of aging, relationships, perception, drive, wisdom, and fear.<br /><br />To non-runners, we see this theme as a means to an end, but it seems that runners are also taken by the familiar scenes that Murakami enters into the text.<br /><br />The reason this writer in particular can draw in such a wide degree of readers is simply because he tends to have no overbearing agenda.  Simply speaking on the issues and events that have struck him as important on a personal level, Murakami preaches nothing, he simply speaks.  And when he speaks what he speaks, people tend to listen.<br /><br />If you're not a Murakami fan, then this book may be a great introduction.  Small in content but just as effective in its goals and performance as several other Murakami writings, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is quite simply a great read.
0767836324|5.0|This has been one of my favorite movies since I was a small child. I honestly cannot understand why it is considered a failure by Spieldberg. This movie is clever, touching, meaningful, exciting and entertaining for all ages. Hook is a must have for any big Peter Pan fan, and I know I'll continue watching this for years to come.
0743201140|4.0|I wish my husband could have read it and used the code. I had gone on a job interview before reading this book and one of the questions they asked me, was what strategies would I use in a certain situation.  And all I thought was that is THE dumbest question ever, how am I going to answer that, it all depends, I hate that word strategy....  you get the idea. Then as I was reading through the strengths book, I thought that would be so be ironic if one of my strengths was strategic.  Well, sure enough that was the number one answer on my quiz results. So I am still laughing about that. So my strategy is to read through my strengths and understand them well enough and look at where I use those strengths and then try to improve on them.  I would have given this 5 stars but since my hubby has to buy his own book, I only gave it 4.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|The premise of this movie is simple, Zach is a struggling artist (and part-time surfer), who wants nothing more than to go to art school, but in fact has to take care of his nephew because his sister is irresponsible. When a surprise romance enters the picture (Shaun, his best friend's older brother), then Zach is finally forced to either follow his dreams or stay in his dead-end life.     This film has it all: solid acting, lush local of the California beaches, a great soundtrack and well-written script. It has now replaced \\"Latter Days\\" as my all-time favorite independent film.    So, if you love romance, surfing, and amazing acting/filmmaking, then buy this movie.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|He is the master, and this is a master's class.
B0019MU6HU|4.0|This book was very fun to read, although it got a little repetitive after reading 100 pages of his weird crazy-skitzo antics. I dont like that at the end of the book it doenst tell you anymore diaries of him after he got sober. It just kind abruptly ends with a few notes that said what he went on to do and so on....but overall a good read otherwise!
B00005JPY0|2.0|With the exception of the great acting by Heath Ledger, this film was another Hollywood predictable yawner. I couldn't wait for the movie to end.
0425220931|4.0|Victor Wooten writes well.   He's a talented and spiritual musician who has the gift of being able to teach others through his music and words.   The Music Lesson is not just about how to play the bass guitar or any other instrument, it is about the allowing of music that already exists and the attitude of spirit when creating that music.   A wonderful analogy in the book likens the instrument as simply a medium for allowing the music that is already within you in the same way that a pen or computer allows words from within to be created and written onto paper.  The pen is not the holder of the words, the writer is. The guitar is not the holder of the music, the player is...    I give four and half stars to this book because as I read I felt as though I had come across some aspects of the writing elsewhere in the past.  When I read the acknowledgements page I saw that indeed, Mr Wooten had been inspired by Neal Donald Walsch's brilliant book, Conversations with God which I read many years ago.   For someone who has not read Conversations with God, you will gain much from The Music Lesson.
B0018RWM9G|5.0|After hearing Coldplay's X & Y I knew the fourth album would be very different.  Viva La Vida delivers a much more elaborate, atmospheric soundscape than is heard on any previous Coldplay album. Of all the songs on the album the title track, viva la vida, most closely resembles the bands previous work, making it a logical choice for first single. The high ranged singing Chris Martin is now famous for is markedly absent on this album. The decision to use, what Chris called, his 'sing like a girl' voice less was largely influenced by new producer Brian Ino.   Viva La Vida is also notably darker or more melancholly than previous Coldplay work. There is an overlying theme of Death, the alternate title for the album being 'Death and all of his Friends'. The first half of the album seems to center on the idea of death with the songs Cemeteries of London, and 42. Ending side a is Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love, which is thematically a rather dramatic twist from the dark to the light, from Death to life.  Side B contains several more aggressive songs (aggressive by Coldplay standards at least). Songs Yes and Violet Hill both feature more distorted and at some points even noisy guitar, which hallmark the more cynnical perspectives held by these songs.  Strawberry Swing is a welcome breath of 'light'. The almost nursery rhyme beginning becomes very uplifting and seemingly intentionally refreshing in contrast to the previous dark of Violet Hill.  The album as a whole seems to focus on the duality of Life vs. Death. Are you living or dying.    Overall, I think this is Coldplay's best work to date. I strongly recommend it. There is a worthy difference from Vynil to CD. This album is rich with sounds and noises which are much more pronounced on the record.
0060989157|4.0|i liked this book, the only down side was that they mentioned SOOO many names in the middle of the book or their producers, agents, blah blah that it made me lose my track. After that section though it got better!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I loved every minute of it!  Hated to see it come to an end.  Forget all the negative reviews and form your own opinion.  I highly recommend this book especially if you have read the first three in the series.
B00013AXEE|5.0|Until I read On Writing by Stephen King, I had never read any of his books.   To be honest, since On Writing, I've only read one other of his books which I didn't like so we've come to an impasse.... however On Writing is one of the best books I've read.  The first half is a memoir of his life where we learn how his early jobs and experiences inspired the ideas for his best sellers.  Every thing King sees becomes an obvious cue for him to think \\"what if\\".  He is a prolific writer and I admire his constant discipline at sitting down and typing his heart out.  He finishes a novel and then writes a novella followed by a short story and then he's back to a new novel.  The man has ideas a plenty simply by always asking himself \\"what if\\" and then writing it down.     The second half of the book is a lesson on how to write.  King has much authority on the subject not only due to his global success but also because he was an English teacher before the phenomenal success of Carrie back in the 70s.   He teaches how to pair nouns with verbs so we can make sentences that come alive; for example, Rocks explode, which immediately takes the reader to a place where they can envisage rocks exploding... it's all about showing the story rather than telling the reader a bunch of words.       Stephen King is a master writer and teacher.  A great book which even a non-writer will enjoy because King shows the reader, his Constant Reader, just how much fun you can have.
039472903X|5.0|Despite some of the reviewers comments that Ogilvy's \\"On Adversting\\" is irrelevant because his work predates the Internet, this book is a 'must read' for anyone venturing into the world of advertising.      I prefer that you not read it, as I do not need any more knowledgeable competition.  I would disregard is basic advice only grudgingly, and probably to my, my agency's and my client's detriment.      I would be surprised if 2% of his comments are truly outdated.  He knows more about how to sell via ads than almost anyone in the business.  He clearly and simply makes point after point about how to get and keep the attention of the audience... not to entertain...but to sell.  Although many would like you to think that human nature suddenly changed with the web, it hasn't.  His comments and the vast majority of his techniques remain today, highly valuable.  His general business advice is invaluable.
B001BWDG0W|5.0|Wow. I'm really in awe over how much I LOVE this CD. As pathetic as it is, I'm 26 years old and I had never listened to an ABBA song before two weeks ago. I had heard \\"Dancing Queen\\" on a number of movies, but I had no idea who sang it. While at the movie theatre for a different movie, I saw the trailer for Mamma Mia and fell in love with the title song and the look of the movie. I went to see it a few days later. I LOVE the music. LOVE IT. And, I loved the movie. I did a lot of reading up on ABBA. It is so amazing that all the songs that are in Mamma Mia were NOT written together. And, yet, Mamma Mia was created and it all goes together so well. I bought the movie soundtrack and also came across the theatre version. They both are amazing. I JUST LOVE IT! I would suggest this CD to anyone. I listen to it almost always. I'm sure I'll get sick of it... but for right now... I think it's just AMAZING!
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Love the show It it told like it was in the 60's. Racism,poor treatment of women as it was then
1932100660|5.0|The information in this book is highly valuable and has large ramifications on the average American diet.  Well written and very informatative.  Anyone interested in their health should read this book.
031606792X|5.0|[[ASIN:031606792X Breaking Dawn (The Twilight Saga, Book 4)]]<br />I really enjoyed this book. I love how Bella grows up and the characters change to reflect their new circumstances.  You rock Stephanie!!
031606792X|5.0|Upon finishing \\"Eclipse\\", I had hoped that some how Stephenie could let Bella be human long enough in book 4 to have a baby before she became a vampire. As a young mother of 4-year-old, I consider a baby is a true product of love. I didn't want Bella to miss out anything before she changed. I got my wish so I'm happy.    When Stephenie switched from Bella's point of view to Jacob's, I think it was refreshing and added a lot of humor to the book.    I'm a sucker for the happy-ending's so I did enjoy the book. Well, who could blame me? :)
1593080255|5.0|This is a beautiful and witty tale about a depraved man. His ugly soul is mirrored by his ever-changing portrait while he retains his youthful visage. Suspenseful throughout. A classic.
061891868X|3.0|Lee Smolin, a fair-to-middling popularizer of physics vents his anger at himself and others for pursuing the chimera of an 11 (or more) dimensional universe and a \\"theory\\" that produces 10^500 distinct theories.  Unfortunately for the reader, Smolin manages not to define his terms, and gives no clue to how this number of 10^500 was arrived at, nor even what a distinct theory means.    The book is almost solely interesting for its treatment of the sociology of string theory and the way its practitioners monopolized high energy particle theory for much more than a decade.
031606792X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book!!  I thought It was just as amazing as the other 3 and  I am not understanding why some of you are so upset with it.  These 4 books make up the best story I have ever read.
0312945973|4.0|Another Wilbur Smith book you simply can't put down. From page one to the end he keeps you spellbound by his description of ancient Egypt and his skillful weaving of a love story full of romance and mystery. Wilbur Smith is a master of suspense and when you think you have figured out what will happen next, he will surprise you with a clever twist. I highly recommend this book which is the first of a series of three. I can't wait to read the next one.
1853262390|5.0|The story begins with Orlando as a passionate young nobleman in Queen Elizabeth's court. By the end, Orlando is a 36-year-old woman three centuries later. Orlando witnesses the making of history from its edge. A close examination of the nature of sexuality and the changing climate of the passing centuries. Very novel and engaging if a bit loose-ended at times.
0060763280|5.0|This is a fabulous book that challenges false perceptions about wealth and money.  Even if I don't end up a millionaire by following the suggestions in this book, just having read it has been a worthwhile growth experience!
0385337388|3.0|My first career was working in a county hospital as an administrative coordinator for a Family Practice Residency program and as the Credentialing/Privileging coordinator for all of the staff physicians there.  What an eye-opener this book was for a then 20-something young woman fresh out of business school.  My actual experiences never reached the base level that is described in this book but we were a small facility located in the San Francisco East Bay Area in the 'burbs.      That being said, I think that there is a lot of humor, entertainment and enlightenment value to the book for interns/residents and attendings and the general public who should understand that doctors are human beings.  They are not \\"God-like\\" and they become just as \\"irreverent\\" within their professions as Policemen, Teachers....er...Politicians do.     I have read and re-read this book at least twice and I consider myself a fan of doctors in general.      A fun read.  Enjoy.
031606792X|2.0|I consider myself a fan of the earlier books and I was there purchasing Breaking Dawn the day it was released.  I feel that this book was a tremendous let down in the way it ended the series.  As a grown woman, I have always been annoyed with the puritanical (or Mormon, it seems) views on sexuality; vampires are widely considered erotic creatures, and the absence of anything sexual in the first 3 books undermines the idea of Edward and Bella's obsessive love for one another.  All that intensity  and \\"I can't live without you,\\" missives are capped off with chaste kisses or hand holding.  It's not that I was expecting anything too graphic, but the message of the author stating it's only OK for teens to have sex is when they make the (brilliant) decision to marry at the wise old age of 18 does more harm than good to her younger readers.  So she presents us with a heroine who gets married to consummate the relationship, and then gets pregnant while on their honeymoon.  I realize this is fantasy, but I have yet to meet a single person who is mature enough to be both wife and mother in their teens.  The baby subplot, which actually constituted the ENTIRE plot, was stupid.  We finally make the protagonist a vampire, and instead of concentrating on the interesting ways her life has changed, she is reduced to being a boring housewife feeding a baby.  Bella has never been the strongest character in the series. She has always served as an object of worship and adoration for seemingly no reason, but I was hoping the transformation would have brought out some key insights to why she she is so universally revered.  As for Edward, where was he?  Yes, he's on practically every page telling Bella how beautiful she is, or how much he loves her, but where was his personality???  The bottom line is the series was entertaining in spite of being poorly written, but the conclusion was not a satisfying end to Bella's and Edward's story.
B0001XAPZ6|5.0|I recommend this movie highly for children seven and up.  My son and I selected this film rather than go to the theater to see the latest summer blockbusters.  The message of the piece about respecting nature and not taking it for granted was definately worthwhile.  I viewed the film as did two nine-year-old boys and a twelve-year-old girl and we all enjoyed it.  The children agreed it was one of the best films they had seen in a long time.  There is some violence and it may not be appropriate for children younger than seven.
B000A2H9BQ|5.0|John Martyn's 1971 album \\"Bless the Weather\\" made me a life-long fan.  His previous recording with wife Beverley, [[ASIN:B0009WWEF8 Stormbringer!]], brought him to my attention.  But this set was the apex of his work for me.  The soft acoustic singer-songwriter style that was popular during the period is well represented by this amazing CD, reissued by Universal and made in the European Union.  From the opener \\"Go Easy\\" with John's soft guitar strum, he completely grabbed me, \\"Looking at me, you never find out what a workingman's about, Raving all night, sleeping away the day, Something to ask, something to say, something to keep the pain away.\\"  The title track builds subtly with intensity.  The moody bass glazes the folk sound with a jazz coating, \\"Rain after rain I stood in, just to see how it would feel, Rain after rain I stood in, just to make it real, Bless the weather that brought you to me, Curse the storm that takes you away.\\"  \\"Just Now\\" is another classic track that refuses to leave your head with its soothing melody like a musical healing, \\"There's a man in the moon, a man in the sea; Growing strong, there's a man in me just now.\\"  \\"Head & Heart\\" with its sweet conga percussion pulses seductively.  \\"Glistening Glyndebourne\\" is a six & a half minute meditation with piano, harp & guitar that lifts you away.  The original album ended with John's minute & a half version of \\"Singing in the Rain.\\"  The alternate takes are interesting, but stretch a set that was perfect as is.  This is a classic set that still touches me 37 years later!  The sound quality on the re-release is excellent.  Bravo!
B000000ZGO|5.0|Yes Rest in peace gentle soulman, my favorite, the greatest!<br />There aren't words to say, he was really great!<br />And he will be with us forever, with his great music in our hearts!<br />Isaac, we will never forget you!
031606792X|5.0|I'm so glad that all the characters I came to love got a happy ending! I especially loved that Bella didn't have to give up motherhood to be with Edward, and that it was being a mom that empowered her there at the end.  Loved it all!!
1932100660|5.0|this is a MUST read. I am about to change my lifestyle. I gave a copy of this book to everyone in my extended family. My son started to change his lifestyle while reading the book. Reading it will puzzle your mind and do something good for you and your beloved ones.
B0016NF06O|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  Willie is great in anything he does, and Wynton's talent is fantastic.
B000B7QCKO|1.0|I absolutely love the music on this CD, and I love the DVD.  However, the quality of the CD is not good.  Song number 8 skips, every time.  Disappointing.
031606792X|5.0|I was getting nervous after reading all the bad reviews.  I tried not to read the spoiliers, but I knew some people were unhappy.    If you are a twilight fan...you should buy and read this book.  Decide for yourself.  I loved it!  Go Vampires!  It is a crazy book to begin with...you should expect the unexpected!
B00000K29E|4.0|One could prop up a full shelf of book ends with the history tomes written about Janis Joplin and the '60's. Janis is condisered the voice of a generation. She is what media offers as short cut to mid-late 1960's fashion, attitute, and an peek into San Francisco so-called hippie movement. She is now more an icon than a musician. This is not only wrong, but sad.     This first album has an interesting history and details can be found in most comprehensive RnR encylopedia. Briefly, in late 1966, early 1967, san Francisco was the epicenter of new music, styles, and a wided-eyed wonder how the record companies could capitalize. Mainsteam was a Jazz label of good repute and offered Big Brother to record. Grateful Dead had WB, Jefferson Airplane RCA, Quicksilver  and Steve Miller  Capitol, Country Joe  Vanguard.    At the time, it was understood that Big Brother HATED the first album. It had chessy graphics and bad sound. It was released in both Mono and Stereo(as were most records in 1967) and there are those who still debate just how it was recorded.    BUT! Mainstream was not totally stupid. It released 45s off the LP and promoted it to their best ability. Which was not much. San Francisco held high the native sons and daughter and made \\"Call on Me\\" and \\"Down on Me\\" top ten hits on the local top 40 stations KFRC and KYA.     After the debacle of Mainstream, Columbia Records needing a newer hipper sound different from their hit makers like Paul Revere/Raiders etc.. and with the influence of big daddy John Hammond ,who signed Bob Dylan and could do no wrong, had Big Brother now. It cumlulated in a fake live album, \\"Cheap Thrills\\", a signpost in the direction of rock.    This album has aged well. For those who saw Big Brother and Janis in the early days appreciate the memories. The CD has better sonic quality than the beat up LPs. Still, gad! what an awfully ugly LP/CD cover!
B0010YSD7M|4.0|I enjoy all things Stargate and this was no exception. One quibble - I swear Teal'c's (incredibly fake-looking) gray patch switched to the other side of his head briefly. Of course, this may have been a result of my only real issue which is that the disc experienced freezing about halfway through. I was finally able to play through on another player.
B00004RF98|2.0|This one has worked for me many times.  I always keep a few musicals on hand to help me catch up on sleep.    In this production things like an over 13 minute \\"dance number\\" makes it especially valuable soporifically.  Sometimes pretentiously referred to as a \\"Broadway Ballet\\" (or something of the kind) it consists, as far as I can see, of a lot of people in loud costumes prancing around and Gene Kelly intoning \\"Gotta Dance\\" repeatedly.  Great stuff to induce some needed Z's.    On an even more positive note, Singin' In The Rain is a good song; it had been around for a long time when this movie made it deservedly popular.  Jean Hagen does a good job, and O'Connor is energetic, but none of this is alarming enough to keep me awake for very long and disturb very pleasant slumber.    To see the whole thing through I think you've got to like musicals, and obviously many people do!  Anyway, excessive originality would have kept me awake.  Thankfully this production has a lot of standard tap dancing, traditional flourishes, corny dialogue etc which stops it getting too interesting.  It is appropriately vacuous for the purpose of eliminating sleep deprivation.  Reccomended if you dislike musicals and have trouble getting enough rest.  A real treat for a certain kind of insomniac.
0312427999|1.0|This was probably the one book I bought, in which, I felt like I was reading a teleplay of the X-Files.  Klein's thesis is that the free-market is created by a process of shocks. For example the 9/11 attacks enabled Bush to enact a series of free-market reforms that benefited a select few.  What Klein doesn't see, is that Americans, are under the impression that the free-market is good, and that way before the 9/11 attacks free-market reforms were put through by numerous adminstrations.  Klein seems to think that people are unaware of this, but they are not, they are just as guilty as the corporations she lacerates.  The one book that gives a comphrensive non-nutcase view of the free-market is Mindful Economics.  This book is so much better than Kleins.  I just wish that more people were aware that there is a Left, of which I am a member, that doesn't see collusion under every rock, so please if you must read this book, do so with the aformentioned warning.
B00005JPY0|5.0|Like the average and above average moviegoer, I had my expectations as the anticipation mounted and the butterflies in my stomach started to have the usual seizures.  I hoped to walk into my local movie theater and partake of a movie that would be awesome, inspiring, and breathtaking at the same time.  However, just before I entered the screening room, I realized something:  if I am truly going to get my money's worth, let go of the expectations.  It was hard to do, and in the end, the result was and is something more than satisfying.  It was an experience I will hold onto for years to come.    I am not going to spoil the ride for those who still have yet to see this film by divulging details that they could see for themselves, but \\"The Dark Knight,\\" as far as I am concern, is a visionary masterpiece that appeals to just more than the imagination.  This film has quite a bit of everything:  drama, dark comedy, love, pain, suffering, and most importantly, truth.  Higher above all the emotional tones, truth really resonates with this film because of the insightful question that it asks:  how close to the line is our society from dangling over an edge into chaos or to walking through a stable field of social serenity?  The Batman character, from the comics to the big screen, is such an attractive character because he chooses to answer this question by helping society walk through a serene field instead.  But at what cost?  Are there really consequences for making the choices that we make, despite our good intentions?  These conundrums are just what Batman ponders each time he helps the citizens of Gotham. Christopher Nolan captures these riddles and places them with great avail in this film.  As we watch, the duel between the Joker and Batman personifies these themes, where the Joker clearly is archaic, social chaos and Batman the path to social serenity.  The battle between them is essentially the battle we all face in reality with our own society.  For these reasons,I agree with the countless other fans who enjoyed this film and offer my own high praise.    Christian Bale is exceptional as Bruce Wayne / Batman.  Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman continue to shine in their supporting, heartfelt roles as Wayne's trusted confidantes, Alfred and Lucius Fox, respectively. Even Maggie Gyllenhaal is inspiring as Rachel Dawes.  As for the newcomers, Aaron Eckhart and the late Heath Ledger as Harvey Dent and the Joker are the characters that truly move this film.  Eckhart's performance is very exceptional.  He depicts a man whose only ambition is to bring a true sense of justice into his dark world.  Eckhart really makes you believe it, which is interesting in itself considering his character's catch phrase.  I too believe in Aaron Eckhart.  But, it is Ledger who really soars in this film.  His \\"Joker\\" is funny, frightening, psychotic, and ironically, genius.  Ledger's performance keeps you guessing to what the Joker will do next, and his performance raises the bar for how we can look at this character.  Ledger's death is tragic, and it is a tribute to his acting ability and career to have starred in this film.    Therefore, forget those rantings of how poorly the film upholds to the comic book roots.  Forget that the Batcave is not there.  Forget that nonsense about how feasible Bale's Batman voice is.  Forget that Nolan has taken the film in a direction that the comics have not gone.  I did not pay to watch a regurgitation of what I can read in the comics whenever I feel like it.  I wanted to see something that I had not seen before, and frankly, \\"The Dark Knight\\" is just that.  It is something that no one until its release had seen before.  Go and enjoy it for yourself.  Forget everything else.
031606792X|4.0|OMG people! Let's be a little escapist for a moment. I can't believe the reviews that this book is getting! It's a work of FICTION, not a guidebook on life. I truly hope that young girls out there aren't basing their realities on these books. First, she will never meet a VAMPIRE. Second, she will never meet a WEREWOLF. Third, she will never become IMMORTAL. So, keeping those three factors in mind, we're going to quible because a FICTIONAL character marries a vampire, has a best friend that's a werewolf, becomes immortal, and has a child? SERIOUSLY? Everyone is complaining that Bella gets married and has sex...would we prefer that she did this unmarried and THEN had a child??       Breaking Dawn is in no way any different than the fairy tales told to me as a child. Did I think that I would meet a handsome prince and he would swoop me off my feet to his castle, where the forest animals would talk to me and dancing appliances would clean that castle for me so I wouldn't have to?? Thank God I wasn't that impressionable; it was a nice dream, all neat and tidy, but I knew it wouldn't happen. It was FICTION. What would you people have done if SM killed off Bella, or Edward, or Jacob, instead of giving them the happy ending that she did? Sued her for misrepresentation? Oh, and for all the comments about how you could no longer relate to Bella; she was turned into a vampire...did you think she would stay the same? How can you relate to that?    Please, enjoy the book for the way it was intended...as a great piece of fiction that can help you escape from whatever issues are pressing down in your life. I know I did.
B0013FDM7E|4.0|Not my type of movie.  It was purchased as a gift for a Will Smith fan.
0060594896|5.0|If someone really USES it and really does the exercises (which I need to now that I have finished the book), this book could be life-changing.  The way the processes and excercises are peppered with amazing success stories from real life, and fantastic quotes...I highlighted like crazy.  But now it's time to take action!<br /><br />I'd give this book ten stars if I could.
0061438294|5.0|I loved how well the book explained the connections between body language and limbic system responses, linking most body language cues to a set of freeze, flight, or fight responses.  By describing the psychological reasoning behind each of these responses, the information in the book was much easier for me to remember and more adaptable to real life situations because I could apply universal concepts rather than trying to memorize every single body language cue like a dictionary.    Excellent book.
B00005JPO1|3.0|So after a thousand script rejects we finally had a fourth Indy movie, it is a good movie but it could of been better.    When Looking forward to seeing Indiana Jones and The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull i was well excited but when i left my Multiplex Cinema here in the U.K. i was a little bit dissapointed, the first problem is that Harrison Ford is too Old and the Lead should of gone to someone else, the second problem is the return of Actress Karen Allen, she was brillant in The Raiders Of The Lost Ark but here she is just out of place and time.    I also feel that the comic bits should of been left on Spielbergs editor cutting room floor as these films are meant to be all Action, i feel those bits of Marion and her son took away some of the action the core of the film.    But anyway i was impressed with Cate Blancett and Ray Winstone's acting he always impresses me (English Actor- Hardman Big Respect) in most of his films so i was glad to hear he was chosen for the role, also i liked John Hurt's performance.    So with the minor problems that the film has (in my opinion) it is a good, solid, entertaining Action Adventure which i enjoyed at the Cinema.    About the DVD as i have the Pre-Order date for this DVD i will probably purchase it, the extras which i have seen on this 2 Disc Special Edition set look tasty so i will add it to my collection A.S.A.P.    So overall i enjoyed Indiana Jones and The KIngdom Of The Crystal Skull, it has its problems like so many other Summer Blockbusters but this is a good fourth Indiana Jones for Steven Spielberg, i bet he is swimming in all the money.    I give this film 3 stars.
031606792X|1.0|Stephenie Meyer did the unthinkable. She destroyed the fantasy world she created over several years in Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse. What a sad day this is. Mrs. Meyer breached the trust she had with her most loyal fans. With the aid of Little Brown she published Breaking Dawn and reneges on just about every single fantasy rule she created for the Twilight universe. If the author cannot respect the world she created then her fans shouldn't have to either. Breaking Dawn had little in the way of an understandable plot. The story rambles on and switches POV between two of the main characters. When this occurs we are left out in the cold for a pivotal story arc (spoiler alert) - Bella's pregnancy. It would have been more powerful to see this arc from Bella's POV. (And I'm disregarding my own feelings here because the pregnancy arc is only one of many objectionable and creepy story lines featured in this epic failure.) Most of the characters in Breaking Dawn are strangely acting out of character for the duration of this snooze fest. Characters that were once full of life and personality and had defined characteristics were suddenly rendered useless and became cardboard cut-outs of their former selves. This fourth and final book is most definitely out of place in the canon of the Twilight works. The pacing is slow and at times almost non-existent. At the end the brave reader who has trudged through almost 700 pages is not treated to an epic battle of good vs. evil. No, we are subjected to a ridiculous talk-fest that leads...nowhere. Mrs. Meyer wraps up her story in a neat-bow type of way and we the reader are left unfulfilled. The main protagonist has went from being an almost relatable (if somewhat dull & boy obsessed) character to being a super-vampire that can only do right. If we thought Bella's character would gain some grit and much needed layers from hard learned & earned lessons - well, she does not. Bella's character becomes even more vapid than before. Be warned reader - long gone are the days of Edward & Bella's romantic saga. Breaking Dawn has no passion, only mindless, violent sex. Something I doubt most parents would want their young teen daughters (an avid fan base for this saga) exposed to, let alone would want them to imitate. Breaking Dawn did not endure a vigorous editing process or the book would not be littered with many typos and grammar issues. It boggles the mind to try and understand what Little Brown was thinking releasing something that doesn't fit the Twilight canon, let alone a product that is sub-standard. To conclude I suggest buyer beware. Breaking Dawn is a sad conclusion to what could have been an amazing saga.ed reader - long gone are the days of Edward & Bella's romantic saga. Breaking Dawn has no passion, only mindless, violent sex. Something I doubt most parents would want their young teen daughters (an avid fan base for this saga) exposed to, let alone would want them to imitate. Breaking Dawn did not endure a vigorous editing process or the book would not be littered with many typos and grammar issues. It boggles the mind to try and understand what Little Brown was thinking releasing something that doesn't fit the Twilight canon, let alone a product that is sub-standard. To conclude I suggest buyer beware. Breaking Dawn is a sad conclusion to what could have been an amazing saga.
B0017MO10U|3.0|Although the quality of the film was great, the acting great, and the special effects amazing, the story was like that of one of the episodes.  It was interesting, but not movie material.  However it was good to see the team back in action.  Maybe next time they will do a mini-series, and something that doesnt involve the way over done (and now officially cheesy) theme of time travel, or parallel universes.
B000WGWQG8|4.0|Enjoyable.  Gives the viewer new depth into a time we were unable to share.  It provides a history lesson without boredom.  The performances by all are to be celebrated.
B000XA5K48|3.0|A no brainer action movie if taken as that is fun to watch. I would have given it three and a half stars if I could have since I enjoyed it more than \\"Chaos\\". I have certainly seen far worse action movies. Afterall this one doesn't take itself seriously and that gives it a leg up over those that do. Clive Owen as always is quite entertaining. How he eliminates a couple enemies with carrots not to mention some of the shooting stunts should impress and amuse you. This may not have the depth of \\"Inside Man\\", but it was not meant to either. It was meant to be fun plain and simple. The story centers around our hero trying to save a pregnant woman. He manages to save her long enough to have her baby but then he can only save the baby from the government and criminal types so intent on their death. The mystery he unravels as to why has some depth of thought. This is a fast paced movie and most fans of action movies should enjoy it. Good quality DVD with fair replayability. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Kill Bill\\" and \\"Hitman\\".<br /><br />CA Luster
0553260111|5.0|I first read this book 4 years before the movies started coming out, and it blew me out of the water. Wow. I read spy/action books all the time, and this was amazing. James Bond is the classy blue-blooded spy - he wouldn't stand a chance going through what Bourne did in these books. Please buy it. And forget what you saw in the movie!
B000094BZ5|5.0|Maroon 5 Rocks!!! I had this CD previously but lost it.  The price was right, the cd was brand new and it's just awesome.
B000002O4S|5.0|GREAT MUSIC THAT BRINGS BACK ALOT OF FUNNY MOMENTS FROM THE MOVIE!THEY HAVE CHANGED THE RIDE AT UNIVERSAL SO ALL WE HAVE NOW ARE THE MUSIC AND MOVIE MOMENTS
6305212112|5.0|I was pleased with the amount of time the movie was received in.  The movie was in excellent condition.
0525950079|5.0|World Without End has all the elements of a great soap opera. There was never a point when I wasn't eager to know what would happen next.     There is love, envy, brutality, ruthlessness, greed, deviousness, selflessness and even a plague. If this is not enough for you, there's also murder, rape, kidnapping, and a mystery. Surprisingly, the plot has everything except incest    For me, WWE is more interesting than Pillars of the Earth in that it is a close examination of the human aspects of the time, focusing on the customs and the ways people of different rank related to each other.
0596522347|5.0|I wanted to know how Duarte makes such an impact telling stories and now I know. Seemed a little expensive, but the value is there. This conversational book is a great read and reference.
B0013LL2Z2|4.0|People may see this as another cheesy 70s sci-fi movie, but it illustrates the state of special effects in Hollywood before George Lucas dropped the bomb on us.  I loved this movie as a little kid, and the spin-off TV series was a favorite of mine, even at 4 years old.  The \\"futuristic\\" fashions and hairstyles are hilarious, as is most of the miniature work, but that's what passed for state of the art in 1976.  The story is out there, when your hand starts flashing, you're a goner so you'd better run.  This, alongside THX-1138 shows a future where humanity is contained in an artificial world, afraid of what's outside, and it's the protagonist's job to find out.  Overall, a forgotten classic of the science fiction genre, and hopefully the remake will get off the ground with a good director.
B000NVAK0G|4.0|I rate this book 4 stars, or 4 out of five, for the four out of five parts of the book that I liked.  The first 4/5's of the book are wonderful.  McCourt writes so honestly and with so much humor that you can't help liking his family even if the family dynamics are hopelessly flawed.  I learned a wealth of information about the Irish as well and, though my own ancestors came from Ireland in the 1870's, I felt as if I was learning about their lives, though McCourt's memoir covers a much later period.  As far as the 1/5th of the book that I didn't care for, I'm referring to the last part of the book which could be aptly titled: \\"Masturbation is My Life.\\"  I found the authors repeated descriptions of his youthful obsession with masturbating (how, where, when) to be tiresome.
031606792X|1.0|This book does not match the \\"cannot put this down\\" quality of previous books. I cannot make myself finish it and I only have a few pages left.  The wedding was awesome, the first encounter...nice, but the rest of it is really... really bad... WHY? were you rushed? I am so dissapointed. I will not return the book because it is what it is and it belongs in the collection. Returning it will not change anything. Yes, I was glad Edward and Bella live happily ever after...but could have been so much more! and What's with that weird name- Renesmee? Blah... Grade C-
1577314808|4.0|The Power of Now is a book that provides inspiration to change the way you think. It has powerful insight and information to transform a persons' perspective and open them up to the spirit within.
0446310786|5.0|\\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\", was a book that was required of me to read for school. I did not think that I would enjoy the book, but as I read more and more I just couldn't stop reading it.  I would have to say the my favorite thing about the whole book is how Jem, Scout, and Dill are so curious about Boo Radley and think that he is this horrible monster of a person but really he ended up saving one of there lives and also kept Scout warm with the blanket he gave her when their neighbors house caught on fire.  I would recommend \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" to anyone I know...that is if they haven't all ready read it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is unique and completely deserves its passionate fan devotion.  One of the best things ever produced for television.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|Interesting and just creepy enough to give me the chills.  Yeah the camera could make you a little dizzy but it's not too bad if you watch it on a smaller screen.  Not the best movie I've seen but it's entertaining.  Worth watching once.
031606792X|2.0|to tell the truth i think i would have been happy if bella suffered a little  i mean bella got every thing and thats not how life goes u get things but you lose some on the way and jacob really dissapointed in how desperate he was trying to find someone to imprint on the park and the only happy ending that they could find was for him to imprint on nessie  bellas daughter i was shocked really shocked she wanted to kill the thing and he ends up imprinting on the half vampire baby and bella she still lived altough nessie came out ripping her and she became a vampire and she lived what a easy way to put it and i am 14 waiting for this book since last year all exited to read it and it dissapoints me if there is something that i know is that u have to suffer in life to get what u want life is not all pink so you i think stephine meyers should have take more time to actually plan the whole story so on a scale to 1-5 i give her 2stars plus one for the sense of humor that jacob had it was the only good thing of the book altough i wasn't happy with the end that they gave jacob at least they would have turn him rich because he really talks about how he only haves a few clothes and how the cullens give him clothes and every thing but i am glad that i could share my opinion on this book altought i am dissapointed
0060730552|5.0|After watching the movie version of this book I wanted to read Touching the Void. I usually like to read the book first but in this case I am glad that I did it in reverse.  I am not a mountain climber and do not know the terms used in the sport. So watching the movie helped set up the book to where it made a lot of sense. The book provided a more realistic vision of what the climbers thought and felt. It put me there with them. I am in awe.
0307120007|5.0|Pat the Bunny is the best first book to read to your baby. My daughter is fascinated by the bunny and the beard. If you receive two copies at your baby shower like I did, keep both because it will be loved to bits.
031606792X|1.0|I was a huge fan of the Twilight saga and have looked forward to 'Breaking Dawn' for weeks and I honestly wish I'd never read it. Meyer should've stopped at three. A lot of the more contrived parts of the plot as well as a character which is introduced in spite of Ms. Meyer's own canon lead me to believe this was a vanity project of some sort. I have no idea how the published draft circumvented the editor's table altogether. In the end, there are fiction stories we can read for on the internet which are far superior to 'Breaking Dawn'.
B001AJVR5M|3.0|The Jonas Brothers are/is the next big thing. And I see why. I myself was never a fan of the Disney Dynasty trio until I heard Burnin' Up.  After that I went to look for the rest of the songs on the album.  I went through the list and fell in love with the sound of LoveBug.  With its simple melody and harmonies in the beginning and then the rocking ending, its an easy song to fall in love with.  They should do more songs like that because I've noticed they are still in the boy band mode. And if they are looking to breakout into a larger, older audience, they need to appeal to the 18+ crowd, not the 10 year old girl who loves hearing about a girl they are in love with so that little girl can dream about being that one true love of the Jonas Trio.    When I finally got to A Little Bit Longer, I had heard its about Nick's battle with Diabetes.  My first impression was, why does this, (I'm guessing a guy who's gone through puberty) has such a \\"whiny, high-pitched\\" voice?  It's good for the rocking songs because the instruments drown it out but with the slow songs, we need a nice, smooth voice, not one that will make you change the station to keep your eardrums intacted.  Other than his voice, the song is very enjoyable and heartfelt.    Now, I think everyone can agree that the instrumental part of the Jonas Brothers music is great but the lyrics need to grow up.  With a band of brothers of ages 15(almost 16!), 18 and 20, I think their lyrics can use something other than revolving around girls, girls, girls.  For boys who are saying they will stay pure till marriage, they talk a ton about women.  Write an acoustic, (Which I believe they should have more of, like the beginning of LoveBug!) song about a beautiful day or how its like on the road 24/7 with brothers.  Something other than GIRLS! We know your boys, we know you like girls, you don't have to proclaim it to us!  The other songs on the album are too similar for me to have a strong liking too. I.E., the fast, upbeat, \\"I want you girl\\" songs.  Too much like a kiddish boy band. Sorry =[    So overall, I give this cd an 3/5, the songs have very good instrumental parts but lack difference in lyrics.  SHOULD HAVE MORE ACOUSTIC SLOW SONGS! =D    Songs to Download:  Burnin' Up  LoveBug  Little Bit Longer    Congrats guys, great job.
031606792X|5.0|I don't know about other people that posted reviews, but I think the book was a good ending to roller coaster ride in the previous three books. My fans are upset with the way that the book ended but unless you write books, then you wouldn't understand that when a writer is not fully done with a character or characters they tend to end a book in a way that can be picked back up at later date. Mrs. Meyers was on GMA and said that although she was done with Bella,she wasn't done with the other characters. I think its nice for once that a girl who has put everything on the line in the first three books, gets everything that she wants in the end. It was a great read and any one who loves these kinds of books, would find it enjoyable!
075640407X|5.0|THE NAME OF THE WIND came to me as a friend visited me and recommended it to me. I read the (extremely compelling) summary on the back and instantly rushed out to get my own copy.<br /><br />I spent 11 hours trying to read it in a plane and didn't even get beyond the first 70. It starts out okay, a plain innkeeper with a story to tell. Big deal. Once I had actually sat down with the book again and started from page 70, where everything basically starts IMHO, I was sucked into the world of Kvothe.<br /><br />Kvothe, while he's still a cute little boy, is also extremely intelligent. He has the memory of a sponge and when an alchemist (or whatever you want to call him) joins the troupe, his interest is piqued and from a certain moment on, Kvothe wants to get into the university.<br /><br />Disaster strikes (of course) and Kvothe is left all alone in the world, resorts to begging and stealing while fighting for his life.<br /><br />While it might be long-winded to some of us, I was dreading the end of the book, knowing it would be a full 9 months before the next one would come out. Kvothe changes from the sweet innocent boy he was to someone who is roughened by streets, wanting revenge. Yes there are some slower parts in the book, but there are slower parts in life as well. And this, by all accounts, is a memoir.<br /><br />I for one can't wait until the next book comes out. Well done Mr. Rothfuss, bravo.
031606792X|5.0|Warning: Mild spoilers    So a week ago I was driving around Los Angeles looking at various posters on buses and benches and saying, \\"Why is there vampire stuff everywhere right now?\\"  And then I saw that the cover of Entertainment Weekly featured the cast of something called \\"Twilight,\\" a movie that was coming out in, uh, December, and wondered \\"...And the reason we're discussing it right now is...???\\"   As Bella would say, \\"*Oh.*\\"  So I picked up the book, and tore through it in a way that I haven't devoured any piece of writing in a looong while, and then picked up \\"New Moon\\" and the \\"Eclipse\\" and finally I finished \\"Breaking Dawn\\" tonight.  How anyone managed to wait a year between books is beyond me.      I loved \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  I was so ready for Bella to finally get her wings.  And I can only hope that Edward hasn't ruined me on men forever.  Even though I am a throughly modern woman and it seems strange to say this, I find it really refreshing to come across a love story in which the two lovers are inextricably bound to one another.  In an age where the word commitment has become all too hollow a word, Edward and Bella remind us that we are helpless in the face of true love, and that passion is worth the hardship.  I know lots of people have criticized Bella's path in BD, but I love that she gets married at the beginning, not the end.  We have so few examples of life after marriage in our stories.  Nor I do find fault with her choice regarding Renesmee.  It's sad that our society so often considers pregnancy an ending, rather that a beautiful beginning--and I say that as someone who's very pro-choice.  Bella still has a full \\"existence\\" ahead of her, and great companions to share it with.       I celebrate Jacob's journey as well.  I was about ready to smack both him and Bella at the end of \\"Eclipse,\\" so I was very, very happy with the way things resolved here.  It all finally made sense.   Meyer has stated that she considers \\"Before Bella\\" to be more relatable than \\"After Bella,\\" but I just want to go on record as preferring After Bella by far.  I could read about her all day.  Before Bella whined a lot and was too indecisive.  I couldn't have taken much more, so thankfully, in BD I didn't have to.      I don't know what's up with the haters, but I think this is the perfect resolution.  Nor do I have any gripes with Stephanie's writing.  It's not James Joyce, nor is it meant to be.  This is a lot more fun to read.  I've already bought another set of the books for a friend, and I'm recommending the series to everyone who will listen.  It's that much fun.
0307386171|4.0|Enjoyable short (200 pp) read. Well written. A good plane ride.  Not, of course, a classic. sad ending.
B00005JPO1|5.0|To start off, this film is enjoyable to the die-hard Indy fan - someone like me who grew up watching the daredevil archaeologist in the theaters some 27 years ago.  To be honest, I was so excited to see Indiana Jones in the theaters again after all these years, that I was willing to forgive this film its short comings.  I saw it three times, and each time I found something new I liked, and something new I didn't like.<br /><br />First, while I was hesitant (Warning! Spoilers ahead!) about the concept of Indy having a son, I ended up really liking Shia LeBeouf's portrayal of Mutt Williams.  He has flawless timing and a razor sharp wit that fit perfectly into the film and made him, in my opinion, a likable addition to the franchise.  Karen Allen was great in her reprisal of Marion.  This time she returns with more wisdom and less shock to the chaos around her.  I also like the fact that the story \\"came full circle\\" for the Jones-Ravenwood love affair.<br /><br />Now for the downside.... The film is choppy.  You are being given a lot of information in random quick scenes that never really allow you to get comfortable in any of them.  You don't have any scenes like you do with Indy and Marcus in Raiders just sitting in Indy's house speaking in reverent tones about great artifacts - although, you do get to see Indy's house, but its quick and you don't feel like you've been offered a seat this time.  Its more just a plot device so he can tell you that his father and Marcus are now both deceased.  You also don't have those little moments where the film is still long enough to hear John William's score and to get that \\"epic\\" feeling.<br /><br />The computer effects took away from the film.  I can support the use of CGI when it is used to fill in the gaps in a film, like Lord of the Rings.  They couldn't cast a cave troll now could they?  But in the case with Indiana Jones, I would have preferred if they could have stuck with their older film making techniques.  After all, Indiana Jones is happening in a bygone era, and the old serial style techniques and actual sets added to the feel of the old films.  They are sadly missed here.  I wouldn't have minded so much, but the CGI isn't even good.  In the new trend of ILM, their effects are \\"too video game\\" looking.  It detracts from the flow of the film.<br /><br />There is also the problem of the comedy...In the last three films, Indy was actually a fairly serious person.  However, when placed in the horrible situations he often found himself in, a natural humor emanated that captured audience's hearts.  You found yourself thinking \\"boy, I wonder if I could smirk like that in that situation.\\"  In this film though, its like the characters were trying to be intentionally funny.  What happened were a lot of re-used phrases from the old films, and facial expressions that were just corny.  Don't do that.  Don't reuse old lines that were once original.  When you say them again, you are just setting up for a bad poorly thought out sequel.<br /><br />The alien concept, in my opinion, did not detract from the film.  I like sci-fi, and I already had a basic notion about the stories surrounded the crystal skulls.  I don't feel that the film did a very good job explaining it though.  Like I said, it was rough and choppy in its editing.  You feel like you are being taken from one scene to the next as quickly as possible.  I loved Spielberg's aliens in Close Encounters, but I was rather disappointed with unveiling of the alien in this film.  I would have been far more impressed if the alien's from Close Encounters had re-appeared here!<br /><br />All in all, you have to take this movie for what it is.  If you are an Indy fan, then the nostalgia wrapped around the film will be more than enough to get you through the film, and you can even enjoy it.  It just will not be the same enjoyment, wonder, and awe that you had with the first three.  I will add this film to my collection for that very reason.  Thefilm had some major problems, but it was fun to sit in the theater again, and hear that theme song start playing while eating popcorn.  That was always the purpose of these films, after all - to entertain.  And, it is Indiana Jones, so all things said, I was happy to be there with him looking for those skulls, and in the end that was what it was all about.  Don't overestimate the quality, but don't underestimate the legend.to sit in the theater again, and hear that theme song start playing while eating popcorn.  That was always the purpose of these films, after all - to entertain.  And, it is Indiana Jones, so all things said, I was happy to be there with him looking for those skulls, and in the end that was what it was all about.  Don't overestimate the quality, but don't underestimate the legend.
1878424505|5.0|A friend recommended this book to me and I'm grateful that he did.  This is a short, but very profound little book and came to me at just the right time in my journey.  If you are not ready to accept and assimilate the information provided, it will be hard to appreciate this book fully.  I know that I wouldn't have been ready until now.  I have the four agreements posted on my fridge and am trying to think about them often as I go about my daily life. They are so simple to comprehend, yet it is amazing what a challenge it really can be to practice them fully.
B000AARKOO|4.0|The movie delivers the story of Balian of Ibelin (Orlando Bloom) the Frankish Crusader who ends up leading the defense of Jerusalem right before its fall to the Saracens under Saladin. The climatic battle sequence, the defense of Jerusalem, is one of many gruesome and exciting battle scenes throughout the movie. Kingdom of Heaven reminds me of other great epics like Braveheart, Gladiator, and Troy. If for nothing else, the battle sequences will make the movie for any action fan.    Spoilers below, but we all know who won, and still enjoy the movie.    Almost all of the main characters were real people. Balian did lead defense of Jerusalem. The King of Jerusalem, Baldwin IV, was a leper and did attempt to disinherit Guy of Lusignan. Reynald of Chatillon slaughtered Muslims to get rich and died by Saladin's own hand. However, many events have been changed to suit the drama of the movie. For instance, Balian actually fought at the Horns of Hattin, the battle that the Crusaders lose, and was captured. He was paroled by Saladin to tend to his ailing wife, the widow of the previous King of Jerusalem, Amaury I. So Balian was probably much older than he is portrayed in the movie and was not banging Sibylla, the King's sister. As long as you don't take the movie as historically accurate and enjoy it as historical fiction it's a great movie. The acting in the movie is well done especially by the supporting cast.    If the movie makes you interested in the subject, a good book to read is [[ASIN:0815410867 The Dream and the Tomb: A History of the Crusades]] by Robert Payne.
067101756X|3.0|Lasers, fiber optics, transistors, microchips, and most of the technological advances of the last 50 years were retro-engineered from the crashed Roswell UFO. So says author Philip Corso in this intriguing book. Whether you believe his claims or not, his suggestions stimulate thought. Corso's responsible positions in government and his detailed knowledge of developmental processes make his statements sound plausible. His dramatic and extensive, but undocumented, claims would be much more credible if he didn't end the book by also claiming to be the person who forced JFK into the Cuban Missile Crisis--and if Senator Strom Thurmond, who wrote the Forward to the first edition, hadn't demanded that it be removed from subsequent editions because he had written it for a completely different (non-UFO) book. While the book is quite interesting to read, in the long run it probably detracts as much from the serious study of UFOs as it adds.<br />Considering the book from an entirely different angle: some of the passages are beautifully written. The opening lines depicting Roswell's locale create the perfect mood for a visit to the world's most famous UFO location.<br />-Lynn Michelsohn, author of [[ASIN:0977161471 Roswell, Your Travel Guide to the UFO Capital of the World!]]
006135323X|5.0|This book suprised me with its deft mix of accessible reading and intelligent summary of research.  The author's conclusions are easy to understand, easy to believe considering his research, and easy to apply to all sorts of areas of life.  Applying his observations can improve a person, business, or a country economically, socially, and emotionally.  You simply have to read this book to understand it.  And it is well worth it.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Finally a TV show that doesnt insult your intelligence or feels the need to preach or dumb itself down for the masses.  The characters are unique, well developed and always entertain, the writing is imaginative and funny.  My wife and I both love this show and hope its around for a long time to come!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For all of you who think that this cd is just already available songs put together, i agree with some others about the purpose. this is a digitally remastered cd of all the beatles number one hits. I'm 13 and i used to listen to the old, unremastered beatles and all of my friends were like \\"why are u listening to all that oldies stuff. now they're actually asking me who is singing it, cause they want to download them! i love this cd and i hope that whatever genius buys it next enjoys it too!!   P.S... Who else is celebrating that the guy who killed john lennon 28 years ago was denied paroll the other day??
B001B2U1AA|1.0|I was very excited to get my collectors edition of Monty Python and the Holy Grail and The Life of Brian.  However, when I tried to actually remove the DVD from its case I found that it was wedged so tightly onto the case that it would not come off.  After carefully trying to remove it it finally quite literally snapped off leaving a crack in the disc.  I am returning it to Amazon for a replacement so hopefully this was just one instance of poor tolerances on this particular package.  We'll have to wait and see how the next one comes.  I don't see that anyone else had this problem, so I hope it was an isolated incident.
