1400082773|5.0|I am very impressed by the literary skill of the author,President Obama.A good insight into his life and motivation for change. Hope more people would read it but I suppose if you don't believe he is an American citizen you won't be interested in any other aspect of his life.Basically reading for the open minded, socially aware citizens.A wonderful read.
B000UG78NG|4.0|I started this book on the recommendation of a friend, however initially I was bored. And found that the plot line really had 2 threads to it the current and the main story. I found the current timeline to be at least initially non-captivating, and the writing to be a little choppy (initially). However the main story which occurs in the past was fascinating, and very well written. I was drawn in by the characters and will definately continue to read books by Patrick Rothfuss in the future, I am assuming this is book one of a trilogy and cant wait to read further about Kvothe's adventures. I may have to re-read part of it to decide on the ending of this novel but after my first read it felt a little abrupt, though this may have been a mix of the story line and reading it in an e-format where you dont necessarily know the end of the book is rapidly approaching.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|There are a plethora of reviews of the movie, but my review is a comparison of the BD vs DVD version of the \\"Final Cut\\". The BD version is by far, the best version released. The audio and video is the clearest ever, and the added remastering in Final Cut exceeds the transfers of the other versions included in the disk set. Blade Runner is a visual experience, the better the video and audio, the better the movie is too. The clarity of BD immerses you in the experience, as if you too were there. Enhanced audio is exquisitely clear and has superb imaging in 5.1.  You can see the stitches in the clothing, and so much of the background that was once blurry now reveals details of a noticeably Japan flavored sets.  If you like Blade Runner, Blur-ray is the best version of this movie to date, and I've seen them all: the original and blurry theatrical release, laser disc, VHS, and 2 DVD versions!
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Probably one of the best TV series ever made ! JJ Abrams rocks !    I have been following several TV series since I was a child. Knight Rider, A Team, Macgyver... More recently Alias, Starscape and now LOST. Every episode gets your mouth open.    A MUST HAVE !!!
0470449756|4.0|If you're new to the GMAT and you're trying to figure out what book to purchase, the GMAT Verbal Review is absolutely indispensable.  The first three books you should purchase are the Official Guide (preferably the 12th edition), and the official GMAT quant and verbal reviews.  The GMAT is a bizarrely nuanced test, and it's tough for even the best test-prep companies to mimic the style of the actual test.  Other books can definitely be useful, but you'll want to start with the official guides.    The bad news is that the 2nd edition doesn't really break much new ground.  There are 82 new questions in this edition (31 RC, 23 CR, 28 SC--some weirdo at a website called GMAT Ninja counted all of them), and they aren't all that dissimilar to the ones they replaced.  It's arguably worthwhile to pay $13 for 82 \\"real\\" GMAT questions, but only if you really feel like you need all the help you can get.  Otherwise, you'll be fine with the 1st edition if you already have it, especially if you're pretty confident on the verbal section.
0316017922|2.0|While this book offers a scant number of case studies, it fails to really convince the discerning, inquisitive, and skeptical reader that the theory it claims is indeed true. It encourages reliance on cultural stereotypes to form a basis for sizing up the potential of a person or a peoples. I found the comment about the passive Colombian pilots who were involved in the Avianca plane crash to be particularly laughable. As one other reviewer already commented, how does Gladwell know that these pilots were not just shy or insecure? Why does those two pilots' mistakes have to equated with the entire culture of Colombia? Even the very stereotype about Colombians being that way sounds really inaccurate. Likewise, Asia, even East Asia, is very culturally and sociologically diverse. Clumping the entire region of the continent together as one is very insensitive.    I do agree: yes, luck and the help of circumstances and other people play a part in the success of the successful (to some degree). But this book paints a dangerous picture of success and destiny as being entirely out of one's hands. My advice to all future readers of this book is to read it with a grain of salt and to not get discouraged by its message if you are, for instance, an aspiring computer programming mogul who was NOT born in the early to mid-1950s, or an enthusiastic math aficionado who happens to be a descendant of \\"lazy\\" winter-hibernating European farmer stock, and not Asian.    The book was an entertaining read, but it should be seen as merely an opinion piece and nothing else.    Sorry Amazon, but to honestly, I would not purchase this book. If you absolutely must read it, do as I did and just check it out at your local public library.    P.S.: I also noticed that he writes about the Spanish flu pandemic as an event that occurred prior to World War I, even though World War I broke out in 1914. Who edited this book? How could such a flagrant lapse of accuracy have slipped through Gladwell and hiseditors' eyes before the book was actually published?
B001V7P2W2|5.0|X-tream Mountain Adventure Nazi Period Style; this BD will fulfill, thrill, look pretty then slash 'n run. Played flat, like a documentary, this powerful drama is also a real cliffhanger! With the German war period, the Olympics and climbing the Eiger for real and the fatherland; the film has a tapestry that works slow and cool. The subject is delivered as slick as any new Hollywood film with an honest difference.<br />BD-AV tops, sound full
B000UJ48WC|5.0|There are a plethora of reviews of the movie, but my review is a comparison of the BD vs 2007 DVD version.  I own the 4:3 aspect ratio DVD release, and have seen the 2007 release on DVD too.  The BD version is by far, the best version released even if the aspect ratio is not 4:3.  The audio and video is the clearest ever.  Since Kubrick's movies are highly visual experiences, the better the video and audio, the better the movie is too.  The clarity of BD immerses you in the experience, as if you too were there.  Kubrick's legendary attention to detail is even more appreciated in high resolution, as the grandeur of the Hotel, the exquisite details including the actor's faces and responses, jump out even more than the theatrical release.  There are no audio option settings on the disk but it plays like stereo only, not surround or 5.1.  In the extras in the disk, mention is made of 'restoration', but I don't recall if it referred to the 2007 release, or to the BD release.
B0000047CX|5.0|I had read that this was a classic CD that is a must have for a jazz/Brazilian collection.  And it certainly is.   Not a bad note!
B000F9RB9Y|5.0|Let me start out by saying that I am a HUGE fan of the \\"Terminator\\" franchise, so this review might be a bit biased in that regard.  I love the entire science fiction concept of time travel and destiny, but also how we as human beings have choices and can shape our futures depending upon the ones we make.  This movie nails all of these on so many levels.  If you don't know the story by now, then this is the place to start.  This movie is the perfect blend of classic sci-fi, action, adventure, and even has a creepy horror/stalker element that only Arnold could bring as the terminator.    I'm going to be honest: none of the films in this series, in my mind, have truly been ported correctly.  What I mean by that is even though it is in 1080p and widescreen, there are parts that are blurry.  Now I realize that this has a lot to do with the way the movie was done and the age, (it was done in 1984) but at night especially, you can see the fuzzy specs in the background.  I don't expect to be flawless, but it has been on VHS, DVD, and now this format and you would think with each one, they would filter and smooth out these things.  Also, there aren't any Blu-Ray specific extras - just a few interviews and bloopers and commentary.    Despite what is mentioned above, this should be owned by followers of the series as well as newcomers.  I realize that I didn't detail the plot and that's because I think everyone should have the honor of seeing it for themselves.  There is so much overall involved that to cover it all is impossible.  I'll be back in my review of \\"T2: Skynet Edition\\"
0877180121|3.0|I found that this book skims over things too quickly for children to full grasp the concept before moving on.
0307266303|5.0|I had a great time reading this book. I'm not a long distance ultra marathon runner or even a marathon runner for that matter and at 61 years of age relatively new to the running arena. However, I felt like I knew these people - characters all of them - and truly enjoyed letting my imagination run wild as the different races unfolded. I dreamed that I was in the pack, albeit to the back of the pack, and just had a Hell of a good time running. But then, that's what its all about isn't it ?    Well worth the read.
B0013FSXT6|5.0|There are a plethora of reviews of the movie, but my review is a comparison of the BD vs DVD version.  The BD version is by far, the best version released for home use, even if there are purist who argue the loss of image space cut from the 4:3 format made into 16:9. The BD version removes the digital censoring used in the USA version, the difference is hardly worth the hoopla.  The video and audio have far greater dynamic range, with greater color space and wider sound stage than the DVD. The video is brighter and sharper than when I saw the theatrical release. Audio has superior imaging and dynamic range equal or better than the theater.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|This is by far one of the worst movie I ever seen and it's no surprise many people didn't like it either. The whole story line was poorly executed not to mention taking place through an effen camcorder on some guys shoulder through out the entire movie which makes many viewers so damn dizzy, no explanation where this monster came from it just happens so fast out of nowhere and the ending was so incredibly stupid. I heard rumors their coming out with a second one but I doubt it and they shoudn't bother with it either, This movie is AKA godzilla/blairwich project rip off.<br /><br />Save your money don't rent it and definently don't buy it.
B0013ND36G|4.0|Oh my - I didn't give a Terminator movie five stars like the last two.  Have I lost my mind?  No, I have good reason for this.  First off, this is my least favorite film of the series.  It took the uplifting message the first two carried and squashed it like a bug.  Not only that, but there is a love interest that appears to be put there just because the series needed one.  From a plot standpoint, Arnold is he ONLY thing that saves this movie.  The T-X Terminator he fights is a female and I have no problem with that, but within the first few minutes of the movie, you find that she is put in there for sexual appeal alone and that kind of stuff just makes me mad.    From a Blu-Ray standpoint, I don't know really what to say.  Oh wait - yes I do: beware.  There are actually two different Blu-Ray versions of this film.  One is in 1080p, while the other isn't.  While Amazon does indicate the differences, make sure you pick the 1080p if you want to go true high-definition.  Also, compared to T2: Skynet Edition, they took a step back.  There are only expected extras (interviews and commentaries).  It looked to be rushed and ported just because the other films were out on this format already.  All in all, a disappointment, but no horrible by any means.
B0000025KI|5.0|This is his very best collection and speaks to those of us who loved the film, \\"The Deer Hunter\\".  Straight from the hood!
0875847706|5.0|i have read many 'self help' books over the years, and i am now a bit selective on what I choose.This book is excellent!. It adds a new twist to a subject that can help most everyone.  The 'Giving an A, was a wonderful idea. Let us all project the results we want in the future, and then achieve them!Ruke6.. Dont take yourself to seriously, was truly a gem. If you want to reinvigorate your life, instill passion, and live with more passion, try reading this book for starters.
B000O5B4C4|4.0|There are a plethora of reviews of the movie, but my review is a comparison of the BD vs DVD version.  The BD version is by far, the best version released. The video can be described as being cleaner, but not the eye popping sharpness one sees in other BD releases compared to their similar DVD versions.  I cannot be sure this is from a generally soft focus used by cinematography or sub-par digital mastering.  Audio has superior imaging and dynamic range.  Some detail revealed is far greater and somewhat of a let down such as Ms. Stone's makeup is excessive, she is far more attractive in her 'audition' reels shown on the BD extras.
B001W79MBI|2.0|If I was still 14 I probably would have liked it. Maybe since I'm 23 I'm getting too old for anime.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|What is there to say about T2?  It, in my opinion, is a candidate for the greatest film of all time and overall best film in the sci-fi genre that even has been and ever will be created.  Everything that made the first film a masterpiece has been expanded upon and doubled at that.  We actually have a Terminator as both a good guy and bad guy this time (Arnold is the good guy - yay!)  As with my last review, I don't want to go into plot detail.  Chances are you have probably already seen this film and you are buying it for the reason of high definition, but if you haven't seen it, I feel sorry for you.    I did a tad of complaining about how the first Terminator movie didn't have many extras and it was kind of blurry.  Again, during the night, there is still the fuzzy specs, but everything else looks great (again, the reason I don't detract from the score is the age of the movie and the limits of technology).  Man, did the ramp up the content though.  If you are fortunate to have your player hooked to the net, (I use my Playstation 3 'Skynet' will install certain features and before you start the movie, it detects your general location and if the connection itself is ok.  If everything passes, you are taken to the main screen.  Here you have an interesting top-down menu system with several options (scene selection, subs, etc) as well as a quiz game you can play along with the movie.  There is even some exclusive content via BD-Live like download interviews and extra stuff, as well as a chess game you play against 'Skynet'.    That about covers it for this great collector's item.  Will Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines be even better, or will it fail and disgrace the franchise title it bears.  I'll be back - again!
031606792X|2.0|I received the book Eclipse with the Breaking Dawn book cover over it.  I sent it back and did receive a full refund.
B002DKGWSE|2.0|Since there seems to be a shortage of New story ideas, Remake seems to be the best option..either remake an old classic or simply lift from some foregin film!!  having said that, most of the recent remakes seem to be a BAD version of the original. Where the movie should have been more slick, the music richer, the cinematography superior (given the advancement in technology) even the plot & ending could have been made more interesting & New.   BUT that is not so..INSTEAD we get MORE Gore, Blood, Nudity & absolutely no thrill or suspense whatsoever!!  so here we have THE LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT, which is a remake of an old thriller that was not sooo great in the first place. This one however, can be only proud (?)of some good photography, a few gripping scenes & fairly decent acting from a few actors. the DVD contains both the UNRATED & Regular versions & barely any extras..at the most its a one time watch.  However see it before your meals if you want to loose your appetite or after meals & throw up..either way this one is difficult to digest!!
B00164GDD2|5.0|The movie is great! the video quality is awesome<br /><br />and if you have a ps3 like I do, you will receive a free PS3 theme when you insert the BD in your PS3; that's an extra that's not mentioned on the product's description!<br /><br />buy it, you won't regret it!
0375413405|5.0|I ordered this after seeing the movie. I was a little concerned about whether I really wanted the revised edition or try to find an original. I ordered this one, and was so pleased. It has the original instructions and then a note, like with aspic..It has the instructions for using the calf foot, like in the movie \\"Julie and Julia\\" and then tells you how to use boxed gelatin instead, since it is readily available now.<br />I, a down-home Southern cook, at the age of 53, who thought no one could teach this old dog new tricks, have Boeuf Bourguignon simmering in my oven as I write this, and my husband said the house smells better than it ever has with anything cooking (and he loves my cooking!) The only bad part  of this recipe is smelling it, wanting to eat it, and having to wait for it to cook slowly in the oven!<br />Julia Child is a genius, and I can't wait to try more recipes! Love, Love, Love this cookbook. But now I want new cookware and knives............
B0028DRGDQ|5.0|Best horror movie I have seen in a long time.  So many horror movies today are just about the gross out.  Get some popcorn going, grab your girlfriend, and sit downa for a very entertaining night.  I can't wait to watch this again.
B000002AQQ|5.0|After watching the old movie Forrest Gump again, I waited to see if there was a soundtrack for the movie and sure enough there was.  Not wanting to pay top dollar, I ordered it----S&H was as much as the CD, but who cares?  The 2 disc CD arrived within a week and it was in great condition.  I've ordered old CDs this way before and will do it again.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|This series is awesome.  I was there for most of it as a member of 1st Recon BN, and I can say that from what I know of the happenings of these 8-10 guys, it is very realistic and well portrayed.
B00000HYXB|4.0|A normal American would be naive to think nothing good would rise out of Germany, but then again that person is probably listening to Brittney Spears and Ja Rule records. Blind Guardian is one of the most underrated artists the music world has to offer today. While most stereotype heavy metal music as dark and suicide inducing, Blind Guardian spits in the face of the mainstream, by delivering a hard sound with an artistic concept. What better concept would be appealing than J.R.R. Tolkien's work 'The Lord of the Rings'? Not only that, but the music has deep within it the influence of Renaissance and Middle Ages folk music. These loud, yet harmonious songs bring a world of Hobbits, magic and monsters to life without all the obscenity seen in today's mainstream hard rock and rap albums. Blind Guardian also presents great vocals and musicianship, which is something bands such as Metallica could never give, even when they were halfway decent. \\"Nightfall\\" is a record that music appreciators and Tolkien fanatics will welcome into their homes with delight. I am almost positive that J.R.R. would give his stamp of approval if he were around to hear this band.
1416955070|5.0|I just finished reading City of Bones.  I absolutely loved it.  I am not a teen and still found it to be very delighful and entertaining.  The book is well written for its genre and really keeps the reader's attention.  I agree with the fact that this may not be the genre for everyone.  Some people will dislike the book. That's okay.  Folks, people don't all like the same stuff. I loved the Twilight series and have had a hard time finding books that kept my attention since reading the saga.  City of bones has really kept my attention.  I can't wait to start reading the next two books.      The story is primarily focused on a group of teens, but that should not stop older readers from giving it a chance.      I find the main characters to be very personable. Clary is very determined, but sometimes a little proud.  Jace is a jerk, but I still love him. In fact, Jace may be my most favorite character.  He is unique and brutally honest.  Sometimes I wish he would be a little more honest with himself, but I guess the fact that he lives in a little bit of denial makes the story what it is.      I also enjoy the fact that the entire book is full of action, with a little taste of romance.
B0028T6XXY|5.0|Michael Buble is such a humble guy with a smooth voice that tells the story behind each of the songs he sings.  His performance at MSG shows how his audience loves him and how he loves his audience.  He has a great career ahead of him with his wonderful voice and a family that loves and supports him. Looking forward to his next CD or CD/DVD.
B0021L8US0|3.0|Neill Blomkamp makes his directorial debut in a ho-hum science fiction film produced by Peter Jackson.  Sharlto Copley (yeah, I've never heard of him either) stars as the protagonist Wikus Van De Merwe, a dweeby, pencil pushing bureaucrat that works for an agency that monitors giant computer generated cockroaches.  Ok, they aren't really cockroaches, they're actually supposed to be a race of extraterestrial beings from...?  Well, I guess that isn't important.<br /><br />The plot is basically this:<br /><br />20 years ago an extraterrestrial spaceship appears over Johannesburg, South Africa.  Instead of being invaders or ambassadors of peace, the aliens turned out to be a bunch of refugees.  Not knowing what to do with them they were placed in a militarized camp just outside the city.  The humanoid bugs have been in those camps for 20 years, and society has developed extreme predjudices against the \\"prawns\\".<br /><br />The MNU (A UN knockoff) has been granted authority over human/alien relations, and Wikus Van De Merwe has been placed in charge of moving the aliens to a new militarized camp farther from the city.  However, Van De Merwe goes power mad and acts like a jerk during the relocation.  Then he accidently becomes infected with an alien virus that begins to alter his DNA.  The virus mutates him making him more bug like along the way.  Because extraterrestrail DNA is the key to unlocking the alien technology; Van De Merwe becomes a fugitive.  Although the plot itself is interesting, the movie generates little excitement.<br /><br />The film begins in a style reminiscent of a documentary.  If you love PBS or C-SPAN you'll feel right at home; however, this isn't what I payed to see.  I felt mislead because trailers and marketing ploys made this seem like it was going to be an action adventure movie similar to \\"Independence Day\\".<br /><br />Don't get me wrong; there were some great action sequences with alien guns and machines that could have came straight of a Robert Heinlein novel, but there was just too much social commentary for me.  I watch the occasional drama from time to time, but I wasn't expecting it in this movie.  It was the whole corporations are evil, humans exploit the weak, racism...blah blah blah; you get the idea.  I saw \\"Crash\\", but today I didn't go to the movie to watch a bunch of political crap.  I went to the movies to try to tune out the junk I'm bombarded with on the news every day; I wanted a popcorn thrill ride like Peter Jackson's King Kong.  Like I said, I was expecting \\"Independence Day\\" and got \\"Hotel Rwanda\\" meets \\"Alien Nation\\" instead.  However, my main problem with the movie was the protagonist's character and the film's conclusion.<br /><br />I honestly could have cared less about the lead in this film.  He was a jerk, a nerd, and he only became a good guy out of self preservation.  There wasn't anything chivalrous about the dude, and the ending is incomplete.  I'm not going to ruin it for you but don't expect a plot resolution, because the ending is very unsatisfying.just too much social commentary for me.  I watch the occasional drama from time to time, but I wasn't expecting it in this movie.  It was the whole corporations are evil, humans exploit the weak, racism...blah blah blah; you get the idea.  I saw \\"Crash\\", but today I didn't go to the movie to watch a bunch of political crap.  I went to the movies to try to tune out the junk I'm bombarded with on the news every day; I wanted a popcorn thrill ride like Peter Jackson's King Kong.  Like I said, I was expecting \\"Independence Day\\" and got \\"Hotel Rwanda\\" meets \\"Alien Nation\\" instead.  However, my main problem with the movie was the protagonist's character and the film's conclusion.      I honestly could have cared less about the lead in this film.  He was a jerk, a nerd, and he only became a good guy out of self preservation.  There wasn't anything chivalrous about the dude, and the ending is incomplete.  I'm not going to ruin it for you but don't expect a plot resolution, because the ending is very unsatisfying.
B00007LL7O|5.0|I am happy to announce that I have recovered lost reviews of mine from various account names I forgot my password to. I am hoping that Amazon will allow me to finally post all my reviews as a whole! Enjoy!!!<br /><br />Straovarius can only be sumed up on one word...origional. While the world of heavy metal music is pretty much on the verge of death, Stratovarius steps in to say \\"Hell No!\\" Stratovarius shows the listener that metal does not have to be dark and depressing and does not need to include graphic content. The lyrics and vocals as well as the amazing musicianship fills you with motivation and hope in a time where it is needed the most. Strat has come a long way from \\"Fright Night\\" taking a one of a kind blend of blood pumping guitar and mixing it perfectly with a beautiful classical score. The album includes great concepts from political messages towards the war on terror, to a song dedicated to the movie \\"The Neverending Story.\\" My only dissapointment was the fact that the song \\"Run Away\\" which is included on the \\"Eagleheart\\" single was not included on the actual album. I recommend this album to anyone who is looking for a sound with depth and meaning rather than pointless bubble gum pop. Their sound is truthful and wholesome, but very very loud! Elements Pt.1 ranks up there with Strat's other masterpieces such as Visions and Infinate I highly suggest looking into those albums as well I am eagerly awating Pt.2.<br /><br />Now go to the very last page of my reviews so you can see what happened when 'Elements Pt.2' was released. I will pretty much sum up where this band is in my world.
B0026NWBY2|3.0|A solid collection. Not a lot new, for old fans. Sound quality is superb. The packaging, booklet & photos are great. Really cool pictures.  I personally prefer George's last release \\"Brainwashed\\", but this is a nice compliment to that, covering many highlights of his solo efforts.
0375707972|5.0|I recently saw the movie that was based on the story with the same title. I really enjoyed the film version so I decided to order the book to see how close the film was to the book. I liked the book very much, it was easy to read and follow. It was amazing to see how close the producer could stay to the setting and pick the perfect caracters described in the book. However, books are usually much better at describing emotions and feelings, which could be experienced in this book as well. The story is a real mind breaker and you're not done thinking about it after finishing the book. You don't even know whose side you want to take, although it seems obvious from about half way through the book.<br />If you want to dig up a little bit of the past, you should really consider reading the book, then see the film.
B002BNKQDK|5.0|If your a Watchmen fan this is a must have Keepsake item. The owl ship lights up and you get a Digital copy to download to your computer or Media storage unit.
0061231401|5.0|The Domesday Key, is in my opinion, is one of Rollins' best books to date.  As with all of James Rollins' books, it is entertaining, riveting, and a roller coaster ride!  From the opening sentence to the last page, you will not be able to put this book down!  You will love this book.  Christian / Pagan conflicts, deadly global corporation and of course the gang at Sigma.  Get it right now, and you'll be up all night!  One word to describe this book.... INCREDIBLE<br />Ray warren / St. Louis, MO
0440236738|5.0|Excellent condition - received in a timely manner - would buy again from this seller
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|This is one of the top movies in my collection.  I believe in love and even at first sight!  I have watched this movie four times in the last four months, the last time with the subtitles because I didn't want to miss a word! I have watched two other Jane Austen movies thus far, and none come close to matching this one. At the end each time I always have a sweet smile on my face as the romance and love shown reminds me of my own one and only love. I only wish I knew the titles of 20 others just this good. If you are a passionate personality you will LOVE this movie.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I recently got a 50\\" plasma (panasonic G10) and a blu-ray player (panasonic 60) and I wanted to test out all the blu-rays that supposedly had the best picture quality. These nature docs have been considered some of the best.<br /><br />GALAPAGOS = 4-Star Blu-Ray Video / 2-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />The video is good, but not great like a pristine movie transfer like Sin City or Kung-Fu Panda. I found this nature doc particularly boring. It has a few nice bits, but there's lots of repetition of shots, and wildlife just isn't as interesting as the other docs. I would only reccomend this if you're super super super interesting in learning about Galapagos.<br /><br />GANGES = 4-Star Blu-ray Video / 3-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />Video quality is about the same as Galapagos, good, but there's a lot better. This nature doc is a lot more interesting than Galapagos, more magic shots, better tid bits, a more emotional experience. This is worth checking out for the content.<br /><br />PLANET EARTH = 4.5-Star Blu-ray Video / 4-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />This is a fantastic video transfer, better than Galapagos and Ganges. By better, I mean, richer blacks, deeper colors, sharper detail. All around, a step up. This is a four disc experience. I think they put all their best content on the first disc. Seriously, the first disc was thrilling, the others were a huge step down, in terms of locations and wildlife. Maybe it's a weird personal preference thing, but I watched the first disc three times, but could barely get through the others. I would say disc one is a must see.<br /><br />BARAKA = 5-Star Blu-ray Video / 5-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />This wins the Super Shiny Titanium Standard Award for best video and best nature doc. It was shot on 70mm and transfered to, like, quad-HD digital. This is one of the very best blu-rays ever made. It holds up against all new releases, because the source was 70mm. And this nature doc seemed the most magical. If you want to get a good demo disc, to show to any audience, this is the one. And the Baraka experience sticks with you. I can see myself watching this quite a few times in the years ahead, just for the experience.xperience sticks with you. I can see myself watching this quite a few times in the years ahead, just for the experience.
B0000714BP|5.0|I was lucky enough to stumble upon this movie when looking up John Leguizamo. The movie was just wonderful; a perfect balance of comedy, sweetness, and sass. Not only was the storyline good but the costumes were amazing. I loved watching each new scene. The actors were very believable. I'm a fan of Patrick Swayze, whether he is playing a man or a woman he creates this sighing affect on me. (if you've seen Dirty Dancing then you probably know what I mean). I highly recommend this movie, it has just become my new favorite!
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|I absolutely love this movie.  The price was great and I got it the day after it came out which was sooner than amazon had said I'd get it by.  I was very very satisfied with the transaction and the movie.  Everything overall was just awesome!
B001RXB4FY|4.0|This singer has an awesome voice and it's very powerful, I just heard that song Wild Rover Of Hell on XM Liquid Metal and that song is really good.
B001CDLATE|5.0|I recently got a 50\\" plasma (panasonic G10) and a blu-ray player (panasonic 60) and I wanted to test out all the blu-rays that supposedly had the best picture quality. These nature docs have been considered some of the best.<br /><br />GALAPAGOS = 4-Star Blu-Ray Video / 2-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />The video is good, but not great like a pristine movie transfer like Sin City or Kung-Fu Panda. I found this nature doc particularly boring. It has a few nice bits, but there's lots of repetition of shots, and wildlife just isn't as interesting as the other docs. I would only reccomend this if you're super super super interesting in learning about Galapagos.<br /><br />GANGES = 4-Star Blu-ray Video / 3-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />Video quality is about the same as Galapagos, good, but there's a lot better. This nature doc is a lot more interesting than Galapagos, more magic shots, better tid bits, a more emotional experience. This is worth checking out for the content.<br /><br />PLANET EARTH = 4.5-Star Blu-ray Video / 4-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />This is a fantastic video transfer, better than Galapagos and Ganges. By better, I mean, richer blacks, deeper colors, sharper detail. All around, a step up. This is a four disc experience. I think they put all their best content on the first disc. Seriously, the first disc was thrilling, the others were a huge step down, in terms of locations and wildlife. Maybe it's a weird personal preference thing, but I watched the first disc three times, but could barely get through the others. I would say disc one is a must see.<br /><br />BARAKA = 5-Star Blu-ray Video / 5-Star Nature Doc<br /><br />This wins the Super Shiny Titanium Standard Award for best video and best nature doc. It was shot on 70mm and transfered to, like, quad-HD digital. This is one of the very best blu-rays ever made. It holds up against all new releases, because the source was 70mm. And this nature doc seemed the most magical. If you want to get a good demo disc, to show to any audience, this is the one. And the Baraka experience sticks with you. I can see myself watching this quite a few times in the years ahead, just for the experience.xperience sticks with you. I can see myself watching this quite a few times in the years ahead, just for the experience.
B001UV4XL0|4.0|While \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" is far from groundbreaking cinema, it does manage to keep the audience engaged all throughout. It's a thriller that plays true to itself by being misleading, which is to say that not everything is as it appears. Consider the first couple of shots; intercut with home video footage of a wedding reception is home video footage of happy newlyweds on their way to their honeymoon. The reception displays the usual mishmash of people, some quiet and complementary, some loud and obnoxious, while the newlyweds display typical post-wedding bliss. There's a moment at the reception when the groom's brother playfully has the groom's head in a headlock, obstructing the groom's face. As the newlyweds drive through dense tropical foliage, the bride holds the camera while the groom describes one of his brothers in a very unflattering light.    If it seems like I'm describing mundane shots that have no bearing on the actual plot, you've got another thing coming. But of that, I can say no more. The newlyweds are Cliff and Cydney (Steve Zahn and Milla Jovovich), and they're now on their Hawaiian honeymoon, eager to go hiking on an island that can only be reached by boat or by helicopter. They eventually team up with Nick and Gina (Timothy Olyphant and Kiele Sanchez), who also enjoy roughing it in the wilderness. What exactly are we supposed to make of these couples? Cliff and Cydney seem fairly happy and healthy, if a little unprepared for the outdoor life. Cliff is the least prepared of all--he can't even pitch a tent, let alone attempt something like rock climbing. Cydney is kind and approachable, although as time passes, there's the sense that what she presents as a perfect life is merely a façade.    On to Nick and Gina. Nick is a military trained survivalist with a Southern drawl, and boy, does he have some stories to tell. They're the kind of stories he would like to see in a screenplay, and lo and behold, he meets Cliff, a screenwriter whose first script is now in the pre-production stages of filming up in Canada. Nick, it seems, it quite aware of the conventions certain movies go by, not the least of which is the twist ending in the second act. But this isn't all he's aware of, and we know this not only through his dialogue, which is carefully worded, but although through his actions, which are subtle yet significant. He never shouts, and he never threatens, but the man is intense and menacing, someone who should be feared just on general principles. \\"He's really difficult to kill,\\" Gina observes.    And speaking of Gina, she's calmer and a bit more trusting, but she's worked in the meat section of her hometown Piggly Wiggly, and she knows how to slice open a carcass and disembowel it.    Soon, the news begins to spread: A couple has been murdered in Honolulu, and the police suspect both a man and a woman as the culprits. Cliff and Cydney recall a hitchhiking couple they encountered when they first arrived; the woman, Cleo (Marley Shelton), seemed eager to share her wedding photos, but the man, Kale (Chris Hemsworth), was angry and wouldn't accept the ride. He was especially angry with Cliff, who not only lied but also had a very off-putting tone in his voice. Kale, he later admits, is tired of people always spitting in his face just for the way he looks.    Yes, it's possible that they're the killers the police are looking for. But what about Nick and Gina? What about Cliff and Cydney? What if it's no one we've seen thus far? After all, there seems to be someone following both couples as they hike, and Nick, armed with a bow and arrow and a hunting knife, wastes no time in trying to get to the bottom of it. Appearances mean nothing in this movie, and we already know that because the concept of the plot twist has already been addressed by Nick.    Interestingly, that may be the reason why the film loses some steam during the final twenty minutes. The twist, in all honesty, isn't all that surprising, and that's because we know that the nature of \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" is to misdirect. I can't elaborate on this, but rest assured, you'll know what I mean if you see this movie.    This isn't to say, however, that the twist doesn't altogether work. What could easily have been a ridiculous copout instead seems plausible. At the very least, it seems plausible within the context of this story. Nevertheless, the first section of \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" is stronger, not just in the way that it builds tension, but also in the way it explores character. The single best scene is of Cydney revealing to Gina something she has kept hidden for many years; Jovovich is given the emotional dialogue while Sanchez is given the subtlety of expression, and they play off each other very well. Many moments between Zahn and Olyphant are also well done, helped by the fact that the story gives Zahn better range as an actor. On the whole, \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" is a conventional yet effective thriller, with an absorbing mystery that actually builds suspense.
0385247125|5.0|One of the most treasured Michael Jackson memorabilia I own. Shows a different side of Michael. Too bad I couldn't have received this before his untimely death.   Rest In Peace, Michael.
1439138311|5.0|Delightful book, easy read.  All about choices a young woman must make.  An immigrant to Brooklyn at the close of WWII; she returns home after a death in her family.  Anticipation from the decision she will make.
B001OQCV9M|4.0|I have no illusions that Nora Ephron's \\"Julie & Julia\\" is a complete or accurate depiction of either Julie Powell or Julia Child. It achieves exactly what it wants to achieve simply by being a pleasant, light-hearted movie. I admit that part of me is a little disappointed by this; because it goes for pure feel-good entertainment, I suspect the exact same story could have been told whether or not the characters were drawn from real people. As fun and loveable as they appear on screen, Powell and Child seem no more or less authentic than sitcom personalities, which is to say they appeal to our fun side but don't really go any deeper than that. I enjoyed them as characters, but I can't say that I learned anything about them as people. They were, in fact, so narrowly drawn that they were just shy of one-dimensional.    Let's start with Julia Child. She's played by Meryl Streep, and if you think she's yet again another shoe-in for an Oscar nomination, you'd be right. Streep's performance is nothing short of flawless, having perfected Child's distinctively deep voice and bubbly personality. What seems flawed is the way Child was developed for Streep: Are we seeing the real Julia Child, or are we seeing the Julia Child she presented herself as for television? I obviously have no way of knowing for sure, but on the basis of this film, I would guess that we weren't seeing the woman behind the image. Some have said that her TV persona was one and the same with her real persona, but how can anyone know for sure? Chances are you've never met her. I can only go with my gut and say that, in most cases, the way celebrities behave in front of a camera is different from the way they behave in their personal lives.    That being said, the image we see in this film is certainly a nice one. Starting in 1949 and continuing throughout the `50s in Paris, her story paints a portrait of an eager, determined, energetic person who simply wanted to do something with her life. Realizing her passion is food, her remarkably supportive husband, Paul (Stanley Tucci), encourages her to pursue something in that field. And so she does: She attends the world renowned Le Cordon Bleu. And in spite of stiff competition and a snooty old woman in charge of the place, Child becomes a chef. She eventually meets a very pleasant woman named Simone Beck (Linda Emond), and the two decide to write a French cookbook for Americans. It proves to be a massive undertaking, one that will consume Child for the next several years.    Now let's talk about Julie Powell. She's played by Amy Adams, who thus far has never failed to play someone loveable. Her story takes place in 2002, right as she moves into a tiny apartment above a pizza shop in Queens with her husband, Eric (Chris Messina). Powell, an aspiring writer who never had anything published, finds herself sick of sitting behind a cubicle taking calls about 9/11 insurance. She decides to make a name for herself by writing a blog. But what to write about? Lo and behold, she has a copy of \\"Mastering the Art of French Cooking,\\" co-authored by Julia Child. She then sets a goal for herself: In the space of 365 days, she will cook all of the book's 524 recipes and document her progress on the blog. As the year progresses, she becomes more and more consumed with her project. Worse yet, she can never stop gushing over Julia Child, nor can she go more than a day without saying how spiritually and mentally connected they are. Not surprisingly, it begins to put a strain on her marriage.    We're essentially being shown a portrait of two women separated by time yet united by sheer determination. The problem with a concept like determination is that it can often be mistaken as mere single-mindedness, and indeed, both Child and Powell are portrayed as so one-tracked that they occasionally become annoying. Honestly, how did the husbands put up with them for so long? Paul Child, as depicted in this movie, is so accepting and so soft-spoken that you'd swear he had absolutely no opinions of his own. As for Eric Powell, there does come a point when he loses his temper and leaves the apartment for a few days. But on the whole, he too is complacent and unassuming, so much so that it has a tendency to drag the story down.    But as flawed as this movie is, I can't fault it for being exactly what it wants to be: Entertaining. \\"Julie & Julia\\" is like a fluffy soufflé that hits the tongue and melts, which is to say that it gives us something sweet and airy before evaporating. I may not have learned much about either Julie Powell or Julia Child, but at least I can say that, for two hours, I was given the chance to indulge in cinematic goodness. What made the experience richer were the talents of Meryl Streep and Amy Adams, who continue to prove what great actresses they really are. Of course, we all know what overindulgence will lead to, so I urge you not to see too many movies like this in one sitting. Instead, spend more time in search of fresher films with more wholesome ingredients. Might I suggest \\"(500) Days of Summer\\"?
0756405890|5.0|I'm not going to sum up this book. It's been done a too many times. So I'll just leave my honest review.....For Patrick Rothfuss' first novel it was down right outstanding. No, outstanding is wrong, it was genius. It usually takes a writer a few novels before they get it right, but Rothfuss hit the nail on the head the first time around. The Name of the Wind was such exciting read. From the moment I picked it up I didn't want to put it down. And when I had to, all I could think of was getting back to Kvothe as he recounts the details of his life. Not to mention Bast, poor dear sweet Bast (talk about tugging at the heart strings). This is not some \\"Muppet\\" fantasy; no, no, no it's much, much more than that. Patrick Rothfuss has made Kvothe's life very human and very real, almost tangible. I have to say: I'm most impressed with the structure of the story: the way it's put together. I'm not silver-tongued enough to give this book its due. So, I'll leave you with this: I think this one of the best books I've ever read and has become my new favorite.
B00243FQFA|5.0|A Fifth Excellent series - but the plug was pulled far too early,there was plenty of life left in Atlantis!! The fat wallets strike again - The TV Moguls last consideration are the Fans!!!
B0019LY5I2|2.0|Back in June, a rumor was spread amongst Hollywood insiders stating that the director of \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra,\\" Stephen Sommers, was fired from the project and locked out of the editing room after a test screening received the lowest score of any Paramount Pictures test screening. I have no way of knowing whether or not this is true. On the basis of the final product, however, I tend to think that it might be. This movie is painfully bad, a nonstop, aggressive, ear splitting, eye straining explosion of action and special effects. It has a plot in the strictest sense, but in terms of delivery and execution, it never bothers to tell a story. It's a hopped up assault on the senses, the audience constantly bombarded with loud, hyperactive sequences of mindless violence and destruction. I enjoy summer popcorn flicks as much as the next guy, but I find them much more tolerable if they pause and take a deep breath every so often.    I don't pretend to know anything about the original Hasbro action figures; my personal toy preference tended towards building sets and blank sheet of paper for drawing. From what I know, however, the original G.I. Joe figures were based on the American military and divided into actual branches like Army, Navy, and Air Force. They eventually shifted into a more action oriented back story involving the evil Cobra Command, and I guess that's what the movie is based on. So what we have is not so much a military story but a science fiction shoot-`em-up featuring a lot of cool special effects. If eye candy is your thing, fine, but don't expect to get anything out of the story. Incidentally, I use the word \\"story\\" loosely since it's pretty hard to figure out what this movie is about.    At best, I can say that it involves specially engineered warheads filled with microscopic robots that can eat entire cities on a molecular level. Fighting over control of the warheads are the evil MARS corporation and a top secret military faction known as G.I.Joe. From the MARS corporation, we have the duplicitous weapons expert James McCullen (Christopher Eccleston), the smoking hot Baroness (Sienna Miller), the stealthy Storm Shadow (Lee Byung-hun), and master of disguise Zartan (Arnold Vosloo), who can never stop whistling \\"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow.\\" There's also a mad doctor who looks like a cross between Freddy Kruger and Darth Vader, but I don't think I should reveal who plays him since that would give away a crucial plot point.    From G.I. Joe, we have two recruited soldiers, Duke (Channing Tatum) and Ripcord (Marlon Wayans), the team leader, General Hawk (Dennis Quaid), the mute Snake Eyes (Ray Park), the hulking Heavy Duty (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje), and the super-intelligent Scarlett (Rachel Nichols), who, much like a Vulcan, believes that emotions are useless because they can't be explained logically. Funny, given the fact that Nichols was also cast in this year's version of \\"Star Trek.\\"    We're introduced to all of these characters, and we're told a fair amount about their personal lives: Duke and Baroness were once engaged; Ripcord is falling in love with Scarlett; McCullen had an ancestor who was tried for treason in France back in 1641, which is when the film begins; the mad doctor knows more about Duke and Baroness than he cares to admit. But what does any of this mean? Not a heck of a lot, given the fact that most of what we're told plays second fiddle to the action. My God, the action--endless scenes of running and falling and jumping and shooting and punching and kicking and flying, and all of it saturated with CGI. Of all the things I gathered from this movie, the most prominent is that Sommers really has a thing with stuntmen projected through sheets of glass. That, and the fact that he must have had a burning desire to watch the Eiffel Tower get destroyed.    If there is a saving grace for \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra,\\" it's that it manages to get better as it goes along. I still couldn't figure out what was going on, but at least I began getting involved. Of course, that's the point at which the movie ends, so I was ultimately left feeling completely unsatisfied. Who are these characters? What are they doing? Why should anyone even care?    Some of you probably feel that I'm being too harsh on this film, especially since it isn't supposed to be anything more than summer entertainment. If you're one of them, here's what I have to say: Why should movies get a pass simply for being released during the summer? Why can't a good movie be good and a bad movie be bad, regardless of the season? I enjoy escapist entertainment as much as the next person, but when your movie can't take a couple of minutes to slow down and give the audience's eyes and ears a rest, you no longer have a movie. You have a noisy video game projected on a screen. \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra\\" is exactly like that, and what's worse, the filmmakers never give the audience the controller and let it have a turn.
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|When I 1st saw \\"the Reader\\" @ a Movie Theatre Last year,It was Sooo Touchin About a Story Of A Brief But Intense Affair Between An Older Woman & A 15-Year-old Boy In Germany,1959 and I Really enjoyed that Movie.I'm Glad that I've Gotten the Dvd which I get 2 See Deleted Scenes And What's Behind the Story,Kate Winslet Is Superb as Hanna Schmitz and She had Won an Oscar and a Golen Globe 4 Her Performence,I'm Assumming that She's Really Good.I gave it a 5 star Because It's a Stunning Drama And it Never Gets Old So,If U don't Have the Dvd then,You'll Miss Out.
1416550534|4.0|This book is a fast read even though it is long. Characters are well developed, especially Grace the narrator. This book is similar to many others as it switches back and forth in time.  Taking the reader from a nursing home location into the memories of the main character. Plot lines are exciting and take unexpected turns. Major premise is the devotion of servants to the family which they served and keeping the family's secrets. A good example on how someone's past and the times in which they live influences their future. I recommend this book. It created lots of discussion in our book club!
B0018AK9RA|4.0|We had tickets to go to their concert and wanted to hear what the new music was like.  It was alot like their old stuff so we did enjoy listening to it to be familar with what we would hear at the concert
0671891634|4.0|Extremely easy to read and good length(300 pages). He is a hardcore fundamental trader, so everything he talks about is very long term, extensive research, rediculous amount of patience, personally talking to companies.  The best part of the book is when he gives the history of his Magellan Fund, about 2/3 of the book.  It could use a little more humor but ehhh....I only found one small part to be boring, when he described several companies he liked one year, one by one.  Even though i trade differently and would never try what he does i still enjoyed reading what he had to say.  If you are interested in learning to trade using fundamental analysis, this is a must read, more like a bible.  There are only 2 things that i didnt like about the book and both involve the cover:    1) The cover says \\"...shows you how to pick winning stocks and develop a strategy for mutual funds\\", but 95% of the book is about \\"picking winning stocks\\" and 5% about mutual funds.  Other than one small section he never mentions mutual funds again and he basically tells you there is no real advantage with them.  I just thought the book would be more mutual fundish... so if thats why you want it then think again.    2) He has the dorkiest picture on the cover. And its the same picture he used on \\"One up on wall street\\"...???    Overall its a pretty enjoyable read and has really good information for fundamental analysis.
6304011431|5.0|So true that those who have gifts are treated horribly by bullies who have super egos and fears. Those who understand people such as Powder and offer help are the true heroes of our time. I knew that Powder would not make it in this world and like how he became one with the universal energies.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|This is the definitive series about the Second World War. We have numerous DVD's about WW II and this is still my favorite series. Everyone should watch this and let their children watch it when they are old enough. Perhaps then we will be able to stop war in any form. There is no winners in a war, only survivors and their dead. I have been to the Normandy landing beaches and the war memorials and grave sites. The sadness that overwhelms one when you look at the markers for all the young men that were never able to live their lives and do what they should have done in pursuit of happiness is distilled in the World at War series. One cannot watch without wondering how the war monsters got to power and how they kept their power. After walking through the Caen war museum one cannot help to shed a tear for all the children who had their childhood stolen from them by the brutality of war. It is for me a story so brutal that I and my fellow people should never allow the same to happen again. I wonder if we will succeed?
0553582038|3.0|A Feast for Crows is not a bad book. George R.R. Martin is still a good writer, both in the technical sense (solid prose and dialogue), and with regards to character development. Unfortunately for this book, though, it's the fourth in a series, and we readers have certain high expectations; someone coming to it without reading the previous three might not understand what everyone's complaining about, but that person wouldn't understand much of anything because these books are anything but standalone.<br /><br />So the problems here are mostly editorial decisions. The biggest one is the pacing: chapters are suddenly twice as long, but very little happens in them. There are three central POV characters: Brienne, who spends the whole book wandering the riverlands (now Arya's gone somebody has to do it) looking for Sansa--a dull plot if there ever was one, as we know where Sansa is and that Brienne won't find her; Cersei, who tries to rule King's Landing but sees little action until the last chapter or two (I'd been looking forward to finally seeing into her head, but what was there disappointed); and Jaime, who is involved in several events of secondary importance, but for the most action-oriented plotline in the book, his is somewhat lacking. All of these plotlines, as well as the more minor ones, are as well-written as they can be and are placed in wonderful, three-dimensional settings, but the readership has gotten used to several huge, game-changing events per book, and that they don't provide.<br /><br />Then there's the decision to include secondary plotlines, with one or two chapters per POV character. This is a bad call in my mind not only because we've seen how quickly Robert Jordan's series devolved once he began to focus on secondary characters we cared little about, but because neither the Dorne nor the Iron Islands plotline is that fascinating. In the previous three books, the offstage events added depth to the story, and I fail to see why the same technique couldn't have been used here. The kingsmoot is excellent and would have made a great prologue or epilogue, but the other Iron Islands chapters are dispensable. And it seems to me that the entire Dorne plotline could have been eliminated without any great loss, although if Martin wanted to keep it, he could easily have elevated Arianne to the status of main character and written the entire subplot from her perspective. That brings me to another point, though: Martin's portrayal of women's sexual behavior leaves something to be desired. He seems to believe that teenage girls losing their virginity on one-night stands is the norm rather than the exception, especially bizarre in a culture as obsessed with virginity as the one he's created. This stands out coming from an author whose portrayal of women is otherwise quite good, particularly for fantasy.<br /><br />Ultimately, this is a decent book; it's not trash, but I don't believe that the slow pacing or even the division into two books was really necessary. Here's to hoping Martin returns to form with A Dance With Dragons!been used here. The kingsmoot is excellent and would have made a great prologue or epilogue, but the other Iron Islands chapters are dispensable. And it seems to me that the entire Dorne plotline could have been eliminated without any great loss, although if Martin wanted to keep it, he could easily have elevated Arianne to the status of main character and written the entire subplot from her perspective. That brings me to another point, though: Martin's portrayal of women's sexual behavior leaves something to be desired. He seems to believe that teenage girls losing their virginity on one-night stands is the norm rather than the exception, especially bizarre in a culture as obsessed with virginity as the one he's created. This stands out coming from an author whose portrayal of women is otherwise quite good, particularly for fantasy.    Ultimately, this is a decent book; it's not trash, but I don't believe that the slow pacing or even the division into two books was really necessary. Here's to hoping Martin returns to form with A Dance With Dragons!
0316168815|1.0|...when I first heard about it. It's appallingly worse than that--this incredibly trite novel is meant to be taken as a serious work of art. The only thing about it more revoltingly horrid than Mr. Harvey's crimes, unfortunately, is the fact that apparently thousands of American readers have taken this nearly unbelievably cliched pap to heart, and sung its praises to the skies--which fact makes me blanch for the taste levels of thousands of Americans. Trashy, ridiculous feely-good, bogus 'mystical' stuff straight out of the \\"Lifetime Television Made for TV Movie Mold\\" to the power of something more than ten, this utterly emotionally false novel should be avoided like the plague by anyone who has any respect for works of actual literary merit or the concept of human truth in writing whatsoever.    I placed one star beside this only because it is necessary to do so in order to enter a review. Given my unhindered preference I'd give this completely shallow and crass exercise in pop-therapy wallowing considerably less than zero stars.
1401219268|5.0|I first heard of this when Terry Gilliam (Monty Python's director of Holy Grail and their other films) said he found it stunning. Then I heard it was the only graphic novel on Time's 100 best novels of all time. And then when the movie was coming out I finally read it. I'm really impressed. For one thing, I found it hits on philosophy's three main kinds of questions:<br />1) What's reality or being? A central figure, Dr. Manhattan, has whole sections where he wonders explicitly things like \\"Who makes the world?\\" (Ch. IV, p. 27, in my hardcover 2008 ed.). And elsewhere, he philosophizes on the wonder that \\"in each human coupling, a thousand million sperm vie for a single egg,\\" to \\"spring this precise son; that exact daughter\\" (Ch. IX, p. 26).<br />2) What can we know? (The very structure of the multiple narratives going on at the same time made me wonder at times \\"Is this really true right now?\\" and I was often unsure whether some particularly devastating events, like all the death and destruction, had happened in the story or now.) And then there was an explicit take on establishing knowlewdge, \\"This is not to say that we should cease to establish facts and to verify our information, but merely to suggest that unless those facts can be imbued with the flash of poetic insight, then they remain dull gems; semi-precious stones scarcely worth collecting. ... Until we transform our mere sightings into genuine visions... until then we may have a hobby, but we shall not have a passion.  ... This gradual tarnishing had gone unnoticed, unchecked, finally calcifying into unthinking habit. ... my mind reduced to blankness by the various concerns of the day\\" (Ch. VII, p. 30).<br />3) How do we choose right from wrong, ethically? Wooh, this one's a doozy, as every character is flawed fundamentally, none is a hero really, save maybe one female \\"mask,\\" as the watchmen are called. A central question after all is \\"Who watches the watchmen?\\" making you wonder, \\"And why do they need to be watched?\\" In a rare moment of emotive vulnerability too, one character laments, \\"Theyre dead. They can't disagree or eat Indian food, or love each other... Oh it's sweet. Being alive is so damn sweet\\" (Ch. XII, p. 22). Thus moving from ethics back to metaphysics and to a whole perspective on the very meaning of life.<br />But I was also surprised how saddened I was by some turns in the plot. I can't believe I cared as much as I did. Not just about the characters but about the fate of humanity, particularly with a little girl of my own now. To picture losing someone I love more than anything in the world. I can't imagine it actually.<br />Then there was the initial aesthetic appreciation of the sheer formal creativity. Such cool devices, like the visual zooming out from a closeup, with ever wider insight in the narration at the same time. Or the way lines people said would carry from scene to scene, repeat and in the juxtaposition create both a link and a jarring disjuncture.<br />And this is not to mention other specific sections I marked throughout the text. For example, \\"Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken me a long time to realize that\\" (Ch. III, p. 12).  Likewise I can't sum up the book neatly either. Grade: A.
B000N3ST7K|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatist soundtrack to listen to while driving down the highway looking for some hot chicks to hit with your sweet black muscle car. . . . ok so maybe not that last part. However it features some groovy tunes by some very fly cats. If you're gonna be doing 90 down the freeway you'd better buy this C.D. while the gettings good.
B001TI3OFA|5.0|I love this little classic because it helped me deal with conflict management from the simplest to the largest sense of the term. Superbrief. With examples. It shows how to avoid getting unnecessarily angry, or taken. The four keys they recommend are:  1) Get beyond positions to interests or why others feel or think the way they do  2) Separate the people from the problem by using methods like active listening to establish understanding and trust  3) Invent options for mutual gain (create win/win possibilities)  4) Find objective criteria agreeable to all involved  I'm always amazed how many situations it applies to as well. Nearly every conversation where there's a difference involves its main ideas. I'd grade it an A.
B00013RC8O|5.0|Ok this is a classic. Undoubtably the best movie made without Humphrey Bogart in it. Barry Newman is Kowalski, a war vet/excop/retired racer/badarse. His mission is to take a 1970's Dodge Challenger with a white paint job and a supercharged 440 engine that can make it around 160 mph from Denver to San Francisco in 13 hours. Along his journey he meets up with a variety of characters who are more thatn eager to aid \\"The Last Free Spirit and American Hero.\\"  With his skills, a little 'speed', and that \\"Crazy Lucky Streak\\" of his, it is sure to be a slice of cake. . . or is it. Super Soul can only do so much to help and those cops are right on his tail. Can he make it to 'Frisco' in time to win his bet? You'd better buy this movie to find out.
0307269981|5.0|I read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo several months ago, and I remember liking it...  but by the time Larsson's second novel became available at my local library, I had forgotten just how much I enjoyed his storytelling style.  The Girl Who Played with Fire picks up a couple of years after the first one left off, incorporating many of the same characters and referring more than once to the plot of the \\"Wennerstr&ouml;m affair.\\" While neither Blomkvist or Salander are typical \\"heroes,\\"  Larsson imbues them with multidimensionality and complexity not found in your typical \\"detective\\" novel.  As an American reader, I found the references to Swedish places and names intriguing but also kind of distracting; I'm sure someone more familiar with Swedish culture would have found additional layers of meaning to the story based on some of the very detailed descriptions the author gives of streets, neighborhoods, and cities.  Larsson also gives an astonishingly detailed account of the technology and furniture encountered by the main characters; Salander's trip to IKEA read almost like an advertisement for the Swedish home goods store.  While I don't typically like this kind of overly descriptive style of writing, Larsson is at least consistent and the details also reinforce the characters' personalities--the reader can infer certain things about a character who uses an iBook rather than a PC.  The plot's twists and turns kept me reading until the end, although I was expecting something a bit more shocking than the actual revelation about Zala (I thought maybe it would turn out to be Palmgren in disguise).  I am looking forward to the third book--which, given the ending, I'm assuming will have to do with Salander's twin sister.
B001EO2UJK|5.0|I was first introduced to Genesis in the 80s, and the introduction was not promising.  The first Genesis song I heard was 'Misunderstanding', and I didn't like it!  I remember changing the radio station when it came on.  However, a few years later they came out with Abacab, and I went from being a 'hater' to a fan.  As a drummer, I never got tired of the musical bridge in the middle of the song.  Then my parents found a real to real movie of Seconds Out at our local library, so they borrowed it.  I was amazed at the beauty and complexity of their music and watched the reals over and over until the day we had to return it.  After this I was completely hooked!  A few years later a friend introduced me to the Gabriel years (music I had previously only heard sung by Phil Collins).    I have come to appreciate every period of Genesis and by the time I graduated college I owned a complete set of Genesis records and CDs.  Unfortunately the records were lost in a flood and the CDs were sold in a fit of madness.  I have found Genesis CDs to be the hardest to find anywhere, and when the box set of selected remasters showed up on the shelves of the PX in Camp Ceder II, Iraq, it set me on a trip of nostalgia that is finally coming to it's conclusion.  Each box set has increased my appreciation for their music, but none as much as this latest instalment.    The interviews with the band are the best yet.  It was great to hear Peter and Phil both complimenting and occasionally ribbing each other.  It was also great to be able to put to rest many of the roumors I had heard over the years about the splits that occurred in the band.  I had also come to enjoy the solo projects of Anthony Phillips and Steve Hacket, and it was good to learn so much more about these uniquely talented and quiet guitar players.    The mixes are a huge improvement.  The sound has so much more space to it, and some of the songs described by the band as \\"too busy\\" were opened up and greatly improved.  The bonus material was a pure delight, a glimps into some creative energy of the band that was lost to many of us.  The only dissapointment was the complete neglect of the first album.  While I understand that the band does not really consider this to be a \\"Genesis\\" album, many of us feel very differently about it, and would love to have heard a remix of this album.  The other dissapointment was with the live video selections.  There were several different versions of the same songs, especially Supper's Ready and Musical Box.  While these are great songs, they were not the only great songs during this era, and I would like to have seen some of the others show up, especially Cinema Show.    Over all, though this is the best of the set, although I wouldn't want to be without any of them.  This is a band that has truly lived up to the name \\"Progressive\\".  Each album showed progress in style, technique and musical ability, without ever losing that unique Genesis \\"quirkiness\\" that made us all love them.
B0024F08RO|4.0|Honestly I felt that Season 4 really dragged on, but I still love Michael, Linc and Sucre.  They are always fun to watch.  Many many major events happen during season 4, definitley watch and then follow up with the Final Break.  I would recommend.
B000CNFC76|5.0|Bill Paxton directs this outstanding golf flick,\\"The Greatest Game Ever Played\\".I had to give the movie a slight edge over \\"The Legend of Bagger Vance\\",another outstanding film, directed by Robert Redford. I guess what it really comes down to, was the two performances by the caddies, Will Smith in the \\"The Legend of Bagger Vance\\" and Josh Flitter, who, in my opinion stole the show in \\"The Greatest Game Ever Played\\". Flitter portrayed Eddie Lowery, who was just a few inches taller than a \\"jumbo\\" driver,which is one of the club's of choice in this day and age for a weekend golfer.Eddie was the show stopper with all of his great lines in the flick...and the ending, well I won't go into that...but I was on the golf course the next day. I couldn't wait to get back out on the links.See them both, you'll be happy that you did.
B001CZVVW8|5.0|Ordinarily I avoid operatic productions with minimalist settings and avant garde stage directors like the plague, but this staging of Eugene Onegin by the Metropolitan Opera proved that sparse settings used imaginatively with sympathetic lighting can be very effective and even , dare I say, beautiful. Take the opening scene: to portray the rustic Larin estate, a bare stage thickly strewn with red and gold leaves, in the centre of which two women sit peeling apples, reminiscing about old times and then the appearance of a group of peasants singing in chorus immediately sets the scene in the Russian countryside. The lighting highlights the russet, orange brown hues beautifully and the Hi-Def colour and picture quality are brilliant. I must point out that the costumes are appropriate to the period and very colourful they are too. Simple white chairs in a rectangle are used for the ball at the estate, and a set of ornate chairs for the ball in high society Moscow. The stage is chillingly bare for the duel scene where the protagonist are shown in silhouette; they face each other point their pistols, fire and one falls, very dramatic.      Dmitri Hvorostovsky, is perfectly cast as Onegin, a handsome, aristocratic figure, completely egocentric and callous of others' feelings, a bored society lion. His rich baritone voice is thrilling to hear and he puts in a commanding performance especially in the final scene.  Ramon Vargas excels as the poetic Lenski and is most impressive in the poignant scene just before the fateful duel, where he sings wistfully about the end of his golden youth, to great ovation from the audience.      And then there is Renee Fleming. I have to admit having some initial qualms about Fleming cast as Tatiana. Tatiana is a very young maiden, a girl naive and innocent yearning for love and an idealised hero, a Juliette figure in essence.I would have thought that Fleming would be too mature a figure to carry it off. But carry it off she did and with greataplomb. She had me believing she was a moody teenager, head in the clouds or buried in romantic novels pining for love. The scene in the bedroom with her nanny is touching as is the next where she gushes forth all her feelings in a reckless letter to Onegin. And when Onegin confronts her to politely but coldly reject her, her facial expression tells it all: humiliation, anguish and a hope that the earth would swallow her up. Fabulous acting. Superlative singing. And of course the climactic scene where she tears herself from Onegin at last professing his love for her, realising that happiness was so close but quite impossible to attain, and that the past is past. The title of the opera may be Eugene Onegin but this one is all about Tatiana and Renee Fleming. What a triumph.
B00005QGAT|5.0|First time i heard this album<br />i was in hight school.( in 70,s )<br />michael really turely blow my mind with this album.<br />and show me what he can do with his music in future.<br />thanks michael because of this album<br />u really made me fallen in love with your music to come<br />in the future.<br />god bless michael your the best of king of pop~^~^~<br />we miss u all!!
B000WS4QJG|5.0|The review is for both products. The product is very entertaining now as it was when it was first done. I had the CD once it released, but I never had the DVD. Jackson really did some excellant work. As a entertainer he has to be rated among the greatest ever. I guess you can say that some people are just born to do certain things as Einstein was as a scientist. Names of certain people will always be at the forefront when certain categories are mentioned. For instance, baseball. You think of Babe Ruth, Jackie Robinson, Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, Hank Aaron, or basketball Michael Jordan. You get the drift. Well in the entertainment field Michael Jackson's name will always be there along with Elvis Presley. No doubt two of the best entertainers there have ever been. There are others also that come to mind James Brown, Jackie Wilson, but Michael and Elvis will be standouts for many generations.
159562015X|4.0|Interesting to be made aware of STRENGTHS to review about yourself and those who can build your Strengths.
B000KD5H00|2.0|In Dune Frank Herbert presents an insightful take on the geopolitics of oil, I mean spice. He wrote about the west's dependence on oil as if it was an addictive drug, \\"spice.\\" While he got some of the politics right, with the Sardaukar as a fighting force of the imperialist-spice addicts he seems to have bought into the belief, popular among the anti-Zionist Left*, that Israel is solely and completely an expression of western colonialism who's people have no right to freedom or self-determination.    I support the Euston Manifesto which supports the human rights of Israelis and Palestinians.    * Odd but the anti-Zionist Left marches to the same beat as the anti-Semitic right - Pat Buchanan, David Duke and Louis Farakhan may not agree on much, but where I'm concerned it sounds like \\"You don't eat shrimp and cheeseburger therefore you must die!\\" To them I say hey, \\"I'm just your average the Libertarian Progressive Car-Drivin' Meat Eatin' Tree-Huggin' American kid from New York City; Supporter of the Rights of Israelis, Palestinians & Whales.\\"
1594481717|3.0|I had to get this as a text book for school. I would not have purchased this for pleasure. I just needed it for class.
B000001DQG|5.0|Don't let the scuttlebutt about this album being a \\"rush job\\" deter you from buying it! We are talking Elton John, musical prodigy, in his vocal and melody-writing prime, people! He can write a decent song to an instruction manual to an oven, and did so on YouTube to prove it. The whole album is listenable with three standouts,  \\"The Bitch is Back,\\" with its killer hook and sax solo, made after the big sax solos in Brown Sugar and Same old Song and Dance made it fashionable around that time; \\"Pinky,\\" one of the smoothest ballads he ever sang; \\"I've seen the saucers,\\" which tears a little whole in your ceiling and transports you to another world of mood, sound, and adventure. Everyone else mentions \\"Don't let the sun go down on me,\\" but that has been overplayed and does not hold up as well as the above three, for me anyway. No true Elton fan can ignore this gem and still have his music collection sparkle.
B000066C6F|5.0|This movie is one of the movies I lost in the storm. Jamie Lee Curtis worked her you know what off as an Aerobics Instructor!  Glad you guys had one available for me. I don't need to say much about the chin dimpled one...he is awsome!
B0015AARJI|5.0|Ya never know how much you miss the rumble until it's gone! That's why I bought this and that's why it's great. The functionality of the ps3 with all the rumble you remember from the good old days.
B0021L8US0|5.0|District 9 asks the question, how quickly can you become an alien? An alien spaceship appears over Johannesburg, South Africa and hovers for three months before humans decide to enter it. Inside they find a race of beings not vastly superior in technology or attributes but beings dying. Aid is offered the aliens, they're brought to makeshift camp which quickly becomes a refuge camp, and finally a ghetto. The aliens are put under the control of the MNU (multi-national united).<br /><br />District 9 has become too small for the growing alien population, who are derogatorily called prawns. The aliens are forced to live in `dehumanizing' and degrading circumstances, crime is rampant, interspecies prostitution, organized crime has moved in to take advantage of the aliens. MNU has decided to relocate the aliens and Wickus van der Merwe, a career bureaucrat who owes his position to nepotism is put in charge of the relocation. During the relocation Wickus opens an alien canister is accidentally sprayed with a fluid that quickly starts altering his DNA and transforming him into an alien. When it's discovered he's mutating he's taken to a secret part of the MNU building that is closer to Mengele's labs than the alien autopsy video. The decision is made to \\"harvest\\" Wickus organs for their potential in biological technology. Wickus manages an escape and branded a criminal and his changing appearance quickly finds the bigotry and prejudice reserved for the aliens makes him an alien on his own planet, and the only place he can hide is District 9.<br /><br />In District 9 Wickus finds an alien named Christopher (the aliens were assigned human names) who promises to change him to fully human if they can retrieve the canister the fluid was in that sprayed Wickus and get to the mothership hovering above the city. In retrieving the canister starts a cycle of betrayal with Christopher and Wickus, each acting in his own selfish self interest.<br /><br />District 9 is the reason I enjoy good science fiction, a good story that while some of the circumstances may be fantastic, but they thoughtfully highlight the human condition and it's problems. The aliens look like aliens, that is not human. And they speak an alien language with no cinematic ploys to have them speaking English, and director Neill Blomkamp ably develops sympathy for these very alien looking creatures. There are a couple gun fights and car chases but there is tension that keeps you invested in the outcome and what happens to both Wickus and Christopher.a good story that while some of the circumstances may be fantastic, but they thoughtfully highlight the human condition and it's problems. The aliens look like aliens, that is not human. And they speak an alien language with no cinematic ploys to have them speaking English, and director Neill Blomkamp ably develops sympathy for these very alien looking creatures. There are a couple gun fights and car chases but there is tension that keeps you invested in the outcome and what happens to both Wickus and Christopher.
B00280LYIC|5.0|My younger sister recommended this book to me.  The first sentance brought me into the amazing world of the gods. Originaly I knew nothing about mythology. This book taught me all the god info I know now. The series is truly amazing. How could so much ever fit into a book?
B001041JLE|5.0|This is a must have.  I would recommend this to every michael jackson fan.  Worth the money spent
B0007M22TI|4.0|I think Celtic Woman is fantastic.  I first saw them in Dallas, in April of 2009.  The show was Great.  I loved it so much that I decided to buy all of their DVDs.  This DVD was their first.  It was fine, but you could tell it was their  first.....nevertheless, the performances were just as good.  I really like Lisa  Kelly.  She sings like an angel( and looks like one too).  All of the performers are  inspiring.  They reach into your heart and you just can't help but to fall in love  with them.  I wish I could see more of their performances (live).  They are outsatnding.    Mario
B0000DJE9R|5.0|I like this cd is is great it has all michael jackson's number ones just like it says I would recomend it to my friends and to all michael jackson fans.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|Another Rocky flic!  Just the thought made me hesitant but after viewing I was completely satisfied.  Rocky Balboa has aged and lost his wife to female cancer. In addition to that, he has to contend with his also aging brother-in-law, Paulie, and his son who seems highly embarrassed by Rocky's existence and presence. After a virtual boxing match on television between Rocky and the reigning heavy weight champion, Mason (the line)Dixon, which favored Rocky, Dixon's promoters urge an exhibition match between the two.  Rocky trains and puts his heart and soul into this event, which becomes the catalyst that mends his relationships with Paulie, his son, and most importantly with himself.  He also befriends a former neighborhood delinquent, who is now grown up and raising a teenage son by herself.  This provides the impetus that allows Rocky to finally put Adriane's death to rest.  The film brings back characters and the actors who portrayed them from the original Rocky film of 1976.  All in all, Rocky triumphs and obtains closure to the many situations that have plagued him over the years.  He puts his demons to rest and finally becomes content with both his life today and who he is.
B001UW58WW|5.0|What a wonderful mix of classical/stage/movie music - the Michael Jackson song \\"Smooth Criminal\\" is great! Some of the music was so beautiful I got chills listening to it!
B001ILHY1I|5.0|My Oh My!!!!!  Jason Statham, sensuality, lots and lots of action.  What more could you ask for in mindless entertainment.
B001HBX91S|5.0|This is how to enjoy various music pieces and fantastic video. Too short, would have loved more. A great value.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater's three times. I thought it introduced some real fresh elements to the franchise. I must disagree with the gentlemen above that said..\\"the other Treks do not stand out!\\" That is incorrect..many Trek films DO stand out. I thought Star Trek 4 had some serious themes about animal extinction and how it effected the future of the planet. I also though Star Trek 2 with Kahn was well done. Star Trek 6 was awesome as well. These films were filmed at a time when the technology wasn't as advanced as we have now.  Im just glad to see the TOS Star Trek crew back in the franchise. The most popular and what is considered the DEFENITIVE Trek is TOS.  The TOS films made very high earnings at the box office with the exception of Star Trek 5. The TNG films saw a decline in earnings at the box office. Though the only TNG film I thought that was at least good was First Contact. But I never bonded with that crew and felt the connection like I did with the TOS crew. The other Star Trek incarnations I dont even consider part of the Trek universe.  Get this movie..the plot is awesome action adventure which the whole family will love and enjoy! Thanks for bringing the DEFENITIVE Star Trek back!!!!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|In light of the present debate, information/misinformation about the health care proposal(s) before Congress, this is an excellent source for people to begin to make their own judgments about what they would like to see happen.
B000055Y0X|4.0|This is a reasonably priced video of a classic Kubrick satire on the futility of planning for nuclear war in the Cold War era. It features wonderful performances by Peter Sellers (in three roles as the president, a British military officer, and, of course, Dr. Strangelove), George C. Scott as General Buck Turgidson, Sterling Hayden as the crazed general who orders an attack on the Soviet Union, Slim Pickens as an Air Force pilot and James Earl Jones in his film debut. Although the extras are modest, I enjoyed the film's trailer (itself a brief classic) and the documentary about the making of the film. The documentary feature on Kubrick's career, however, is quite superficial and ends with the making of this film.
B000ZELISO|5.0|The Half-Blood Prince is so far my favorite Harry Potter movie which I was surprised by because besides the ending there is not much progression in the overall story.  This movie sets out to set up for the 7th films and build up the relationships and it succeeds at both.  The most important part of the film is that it is well made, the acting is spectacular, the effects are impressive, and the scenes flow together better than the last few Harry Potters.  To touch on the acting, Jim Broadbent is brilliant as Professor Slughorn, whose facial expressions were hilarious.  Michael Gambon holds his own and gives an impressive performance.  Finally Alan Rickman is given a bigger role and he shines also.  The three main characters go through a lot with their relationships in this one and they handle it well.  I felt the film found the right balance between comedy and action.  If it weren't for the comedy the film would have that Dark Knight feel (loved the film) where it is entertaining but also very dark and depressing.  Overall, although Voldemort does not make an appearance, the film is the darkest and for me was the most entertaining.  If you liked the other movies (particularly since 3) you should really like this one.  Some things are changed from the book but nothing major.  You will laugh, maybe cry, and have a good time watching this film.
B00008WT5J|1.0|Funny thing is a greatest hits package would be their only fully good album.  The rest have zero-two decent songs and that's it.  Waste of money for one decent song here.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|The 25th Anniversary edition is the only copy of \\"Thriller\\" to buy.  Not only do you get the original album, but a plethora of bonus remix tracks AND a bonus DVD with four music videos, three from the original MTV generation, and one of the Motown 25th Anniversary - where Michael demonstrated the Moonwalk for the first time on television.  Don't ask questions, just buy it.
B00008WT5C|5.0|This is an amazing riff tastic album from start to finish.  The songs are awesome, the vocals are top notch and the production is outstanding, this is truly a classic and not to be missed.
B002DKF47O|5.0|The CD:  I was lucky enough to get one of the first 500 pre-order copies that were Autographed by the band (just wanted to brag that) :) After giving the album a thorough listen, it made those autographs taste that much sweeter. The sound quality is excellent, for this kind of speed and crunch you really need it! Riff's are tight and complex in most area's but Nergal made sure to opening things up plenty of times throughout giving the album it's signature BIG BEHEMOTH sound. It feels like there has been change, but not quite. They stayed with their Blackend Death Metal sound but still gave us a new feel somehow. Inferno's blast beats are astronomically fast and precise. Fills are a blur, yet you can hear ever hit. Orion can be noticed much more clearly in this album compared to most previous work. The bass notes are throaty and deep how they should. That's my general review of the album, since hey.. you can listen to sound clips above and see for your self.     The DVD:  Great little 45min glimps into the album production. Neatly Covers EVERYTHING from Each band member, Producer, Drum tracking, Vocals, Syths and even the Brass section! It is displayed in 16:9, mostly in Polish with clear subtitles. Once the 45 min feature is complete, there is a 6Min look at the photo shoot for the inside album art, pretty cool indeed.    Ending:  If you call yourself any kind of Death metal fan you should already own this.   I'll be seeing Behemoth next time they are in town, as always. I would like to congratulate Behemoth with a extraordinary Job well done, and thanks for all your hard work!!
B00008BXJ6|5.0|Awesome debut.  The songs are catchy, great riffs throughout, and excellent musicianship.  The lyrics are fun and to this day cause anyone to sing along that appreacheates good rock music.  Excellent album!
B00006CXSS|5.0|As a ex GI, I found this series to be the best of all WW2 movies. A great tribute to any soldier. The best friends you've ever had were probably in the military, they truly do become your brothers. Everyone should see this series from young to old, to really see how terrible war can be. I thank Amazon for giving such a great price for this DVD, the best around. I hope to share it with my children and grand children for years to come.God bless all of our military for keeping our country safe.
B00008BXJG|5.0|This was AC/DC's most popular album w. Bon Scott.  The power, electricity and energy were still there in full force.  The songs are excellent, the vocals second to none, the riffs are intoxicating and the production is excellent.  Superb release!
B000002UB3|5.0|WOW were do i begin! I love this album from beginning to end, cant say enough about this album. IMO its just a masterpiece and an album in a class of its own. I got ALOT of mixed responses to my Sgt Peppers review and i wanted to put justice on Abbey Road, but also put some insight on some of the weaker songs. Okay lets begin.<br /><br />This is the way my reviews run:  (Great, good and forgettable)...<br /><br />***(?)plus i add my \\"will you hear it loud while driving with your windows down\\" on a few songs if needed as a twist lol<br /><br />1. Come Together: The best intro to any Beatles album hands down! \\"Great\\"<br />2. Something: Harrison was the most underrated beatle, extremely talented \\"Great\\"<br />3. Maxwell's Silver Hammer: \\"Forgettable\\"<br />4. Oh! Darling: Highly underrated song IMO  \\"Good\\"<br />(?)5. Octopus's Garden: \\"good\\" (a beatle hit) .....BUT will you hear it while driving with your windows down? lol i think i probably will. will you?<br /><br />6. I Want You (She's So Heavy): an absolute fav! just awesome \\"Great\\"<br />7. Here Comes the Sun: Harrison again. need i say more? \\"Great\\"..<br />8. Because: ehh \\"forgettable:<br />9. You Never Give Me Your Money: McCartney Classis  \\"great\\"<br />10. Sun King: \\"Forgettable\\"<br />11. Mean Mr. Mustard: \\"good\\"  bordering forgettable<br />12. Polythene Pam: \\"forgettable\\"<br />13. She Came in Through the Bathroom Window: nice song! \\"Good\\"<br /><br />14. Golden Slumbers: (This is my favorite part of the album \\"Great!!!!!\\"<br />15. Carry That Weight: ...Golden slumbers is the Best song on this record hands<br />16. End: .....................down!! The way the album finishes is masterfull)<br /><br />17: your majesty: \\"forgettable\\" not the best finish but number 14-16 are incredible<br /><br />There you have it, only one (?) with Octopus Garden, other than that, a few Forgettable songs that you wont notice because they are truly placed aside by the onslaught of HITS and good or great songs that this album brings us. Aside from the hits which we all know and love (come together, something, here comes the sun, octopus's garden).. the album shines with I want you (shes so heavy), you never give me your money, she came through the bathroom window and of course Golden slumbers/ carry that weight/the end. Just really good from beginning to End.. and by end, i mean the song \\"End\\" lol<br /><br />ps:.. this album, along with rubber soul and Sgt peppers will be availble as downloadable content for the beatles rockband coming 9-9-09!!.. and no, i dont work for Harmonix lol just ecstatic i get to sing along beatles songs and pretend Im paul, john, george and ringo.. well maybe not ringo hahan, octopus's garden).. the album shines with I want you (shes so heavy), you never give me your money, she came through the bathroom window and of course Golden slumbers/ carry that weight/the end. Just really good from beginning to End.. and by end, i mean the song \\"End\\" lol     ps:.. this album, along with rubber soul and Sgt peppers will be availble as downloadable content for the beatles rockband coming 9-9-09!!.. and no, i dont work for Harmonix lol just ecstatic i get to sing along beatles songs and pretend Im paul, john, george and ringo.. well maybe not ringo haha
B000002HMH|5.0|Great collection of songs even though a bit different for Metallica, great music! \m/
0375842209|5.0|My 15-year old son recommended this one and confirmed his good taste in stories. He's taking German and I'm sure the liberal sprinkling of German slurs was a side benefit to him. I've read a lot of fiction and non-fiction from this era and found this at the top. We view the suffering of Germans from the adolescent eyes of Liesl, the Book Thief. Her addiction to stealing books to overcome her deamons beautifully braids together the sub-stories and characters. If you loved the game show vehicle in Slumdog Millionaire, you'll like this and the fact that Death is the narrator. Death can see everywhere and everywhen which allows easy integration of the context of war and history with the goings on in Liesl's small town. The author does a great job of portraying the danger of maintaining personal humanity in the midst of mass idolotry and societal insanity. Definitely get this one in the hands of your teenager.
B00008WT5E|5.0|This album is truly a classic and one of AC/DC's all time best efforts. It's albums like this that make ROCK N ROLL the best music on earth and makes it even harder to decide which AC/DC singer you like best.  True riffage \m/
B001PR0YBM|4.0|Ponyo is a young fish-girl who loves to explore, but her father, a great wizard of the sea, fears the chaos her untamed powers could unleash upon the world.  He's right to worry, since she, like every young undomesticated child, is an elemental force of nature who has little respect for the boundaries that grownups take so seriously.  She escapes and meets up with a young boy whose imagination at least is a match for her magical powers - and it is love at first sight.  Not romantic love but something more innocent and pure - like the youthful love of nature.<br /><br />It starts out strong - and contains some of Miyazaki's most delightful and exuberant imagery, as when Ponyo runs blissfully upon the backs of her sisters who are at once giant fish and enormous waves.  The story itself as it develops has gaps, moments that don't all add up, and unexplained elements.  As another reviewer mentioned, for example, the test that Fujimoto and the sea goddess devise for Sosuke is somewhat anticlimactic, unlike the tests faced by the heroine of [[ASIN:B00005JLEU Spirited Away]].  I had the suspicion several times that perhaps Disney cut things out for its U.S. release - since the plot lacked some of the depth and richness in its backstory of many of Miyazaki's other works.  A bit of searching shows I was wrong - this is the film Hayao Miyazaki intended.  He is quoted in the L.A. Daily News as saying: \\"I intentionally tried to simplify things for this film. I figured that this movie should be seen by 5-year-olds, since they are the main characters. So I made the storytelling easy to understand. I figured they could watch it later as adults and understand the more complex parts of it, so I didn't foreground those elements.\\"  In hindsight he may be right -- from a young person's perspective what matters is just the magical relation between two young children, and from their perspective everything else, the fate of the cosmos, even, hinges on that.<br /><br />Like most of his films, there is an ecological message here, that humans tend to ignore the wonders around them and treat carelessly the gift of the earth.  Here it is expressed in an entertaining and magical story that will be easily understood by children.  While, from the perspective of an adult viewer, I found this film less fully satisfying than masterpieces like [[ASIN:B00005JLEU Spirited Away]] and [[ASIN:B00003CXBK Princess Mononoke]], or even the delicate and rich [[ASIN:B0001XAQ0A My Neighbor Totoro]] - which is the closest in spirit to this film - still it contains some remarkable and beautiful imagery and delightful moments.  Well worth watching, and a very lovely and simple introduction to the work of one of the most inventive and important animated storytellers alive.  There's no one else quite like him, and we're lucky to have another Miyazaki film, especially given his initial plans to retire upon completing the Academy Award-winning [[ASIN:B00005JLEU Spirited Away]].  Highly recommended.an ecological message here, that humans tend to ignore the wonders around them and treat carelessly the gift of the earth.  Here it is expressed in an entertaining and magical story that will be easily understood by children.  While, from the perspective of an adult viewer, I found this film less fully satisfying than masterpieces like [[ASIN:B00005JLEU Spirited Away]] and [[ASIN:B00003CXBK Princess Mononoke]], or even the delicate and rich [[ASIN:B0001XAQ0A My Neighbor Totoro]] - which is the closest in spirit to this film - still it contains some remarkable and beautiful imagery and delightful moments.  Well worth watching, and a very lovely and simple introduction to the work of one of the most inventive and important animated storytellers alive.  There's no one else quite like him, and we're lucky to have another Miyazaki film, especially given his initial plans to retire upon completing the Academy Award-winning [[ASIN:B00005JLEU Spirited Away]].  Highly recommended.
0385342020|4.0|I was all set to hate this book.  No, maybe hate is too strong. Disregard would be better, as simply another in a long, unremarkable list of chick-lit that one reads and dismisses.  Sort of like cotton candy or funnel cake at the carnival. Unremarkable being the key word because generally I like chick-lit.  The genre is, however, overcrowded with some very weak entries (i.e., The Shopoholic Series could have probably stopped after three books.  Really.)  Something amazing happened, though, as I gave this book a chance.  I actually begin to enjoy myself as I read. Twenties Girl still falls into the broad category of chick-lit; it will certainly never be mistaken for \\"literature\\" by any stretch of the imagination but...<br /><br />That's. Oh. Kay.<br /><br />Sophie Kinsella has written a book that does not completely follow the predictable path of  airhead, over-bubbly protagonist.  Lara Lington is the great-niece of centenarian Sadie Lancaster who, as the book begins, has just died. Sadie has returned as a ghost, a very \\"spirited\\" spirit, who will not make the transition to the \\"other side\\" without something that's very special to her.  What appears to be the usual chick-lit hijinks ensue as Sadie, who can only be seen by Lara, vehemently makes her intention known and begins to orchestrate the return of her property by making Lara - and eventually others - her puppet.  How she does it might just make you wonder about what motivates your own choices.  Hint:  Ever listen to that little voice inside your head?<br /><br />Most novels that fall into this category are generally routine and predictable.  And at times, Twenties Girl, was just that.  There is nothing unique about one person being able to see or hear a ghost when others can not; the obligatory, cute girl-meets-boy also occurs and there is the oft-present career struggle.  What makes Twenties Girl stand apart is the relationship that develops between Lara and Sadie. What starts out as an irritating but comical situation morphs into something much deeper in Kinsella's deft hands. Their relationship quickly becomes the focal point of the story and both characters become richer, and more well-defined with every turn of the page.  Without giving anything away (but oh, how I want to!) the ending is both bittersweet and beautiful.  It did not end as I expected and yet I was very, very pleased.<br /><br />Anyone who has an older, perhaps forgotten, relative will have to see them through different eyes after reading this book.  Nothing deep, just a new appreciation. Twenties Girl is an enjoyable and satisfying read.  For that, I recommend it.hs into something much deeper in Kinsella's deft hands. Their relationship quickly becomes the focal point of the story and both characters become richer, and more well-defined with every turn of the page.  Without giving anything away (but oh, how I want to!) the ending is both bittersweet and beautiful.  It did not end as I expected and yet I was very, very pleased.     Anyone who has an older, perhaps forgotten, relative will have to see them through different eyes after reading this book.  Nothing deep, just a new appreciation. Twenties Girl is an enjoyable and satisfying read.  For that, I recommend it.
B000LAZDQA|3.0|I just finished watching this and the \\"making of\\". As it had created quite a buzz and was deemed quite controversial I was excited to see this indie. It had its funny moments, but the sex scenes seemed planted in parts, just to be controversial. I didn't mind seeing them, but I am not sure all scenes even served a purpose, aside from shock value. I actually liked the \\"behind the scenes process\\" discussion much better,and I found it exciting that the actors were not quite aware EXACTLY how the film would develop until after they were completely involved in the work shops. My favorite seen is when the LI character smashes her vibrating egg and when the depressed boyfriend is finally able to accept himself for who he is. Some of the dialog was very poignant and shed light on some universal sexual anxieties and insecurities and unapolegtically explored them. Overall, I am glad I viewed it, but it was not ground shattering for me.
B00008G9JO|4.0|Heavy Horses - (1978) 11 Tracks (2 bonus)  **** (49:28)<br /><br />Heavy Horses is one of the lower rated Jethro Tull albums, so I was a little hesitant to purchase this one, especially since I did not recognize any of the songs except for the title track, which I had on a best of compilation.  Well, let me tell you, it didn't take a bunch of multiple listens to enjoy this one.  This album was indeed a pleasant surprise for me.  There are quite a few really good songs on it and I feel it is the perfect companion record to the previous (and very good) Songs From The Wood.<br /><br />The only problem with this album is that there are no really great 5-star songs on it.  There are a lot of good songs on it, just not any great classic tracks in my opinion.  But, on a positive note, the two bonus tracks, Living in These Hard Times and Broadford Bazaar, are as good as the other songs on the album, making this remaster a good bargain for your hard earned buck.  I actually liked the Rover best of all the tracks.  And for all the \\"Proggers\\" out there, Heavy Horses clocks in at a respectable 9 minutes, and that's not the only long song on here.<br /><br />Don't be swayed by the few bad reviews of this album, give it a listen for yourself.
B000NHG7BQ|5.0|There are two different versions of Revenge, and each one is a little different.  I have both versions and have watched both of them.  So, here is a little summary of the differences and I hope it helps you decide which version to get.    The Original Version of Revenge: Is in Full Frame Format and is 123 minutes long.  It is Rated R.    Revenge The Directions Cut:  Is in Widescreen format and is 100 minutes long.  This version is Unrated.    Besides the differences listed above, one of the biggest differences in Revenge The Directions Cut is in the love scenes.  In particular, when Kevin Costner and Madeline Stowe are in the jeep and are on their way to Kevin's cabin, they have a sexual encounter.  I have to say it is on the pornographic side and it's kind of raunchy.  I think that's why this version is unrated.  But, besides this, if you notice Revenge The Directions Cut is actually 20% shorter than the Original Version.  They literally take out 1/5 of the story out and make this movie into just about a sexual affair and revenge.  Because of this, a lot of the story is missing, and we really miss out on the love between Kevin's character and Madeline's character.      After watching these two versions, I would definitely recommend getting The Original Version of Revenge because it is a more complete story and we really see the love between and desire between the love struck couple.
1402770006|5.0|While enjoyable in its own right, there could be a higher purpose to this graphic novel, commendable and hopefully the dawning of similar projects to follow. Transposing traditional novels into reader friendly alternatives may open up these time treasured tomes to a new audience, ones who normally don't read many books, and what better place to start than a Sherlock Holmes mystery. Admittedly The Hound of the Baskervilles is not the most riveting of detective tales, but it is the most noteworthy of the sleuth's adventures. The adaptation is written well and true to its material, and while the illustrations are simplistic they do convey a fun quality and play their part in the telling of the tale. With children and even adults reading less and less, this would be an excellent way of reversing that trend and dispelling the unfavorable reputation graphic novels have with some, in the process turning the uninitiated into comic book converts.
0307269981|4.0|What Larsson has done with this second book of his trilogy is to both build on character development from the first (Dragon Tattoo) book and bring into play events that were barely hinted at, but relevant, in that book.  His characters grow deeper with each book, and he has found ways to keep the momentum and excitement going.  For the reader who is starting with this book, he wisely references but does not dwell on the events from the first book.<br /><br />Bravo!
B00003A9QI|5.0|Rachel Portman's scores have distinctive harmonies and themes which draw on folk traditions and pure imagination. She also reveals great respect for the human heart. As a great fan of John Irving's book and film script, I found the score satisfying in so many ways.     First, the melodies, mood and orchestration reflect the joys and sorrows of a young man's coming-of-age, of unrequited love and the human tragedies which befall him so early in life. Second, the score evokes in an uncanny way the landscape of New England in its autumnal sights and smells, its vitality and heartbreaking beauty.     As in many scores - some of them classic - the composer repeats her principal themes, but here she does so with invention. Personally, I have never tired of any of her scores ( I loved EMMA, too) and have listened to this soundtrack as often as I have the best scores of Mark Isham, Maurice Jarre, Thomas Newman, Jerry Goldsmith and Elmer Bernstein.    Whether or not you've read the book or have seen the film, the score is lavish and heartrending. My only gripe is with the audio compression in the digital recording. A score this lovely and well-orchestrated deserved a wider sound-stage and better differentiation of instrumental sections. A wall of sound works for some film scores, but not with this one.    This shouldn't dissuade anyone from purchasing the CD, though. It's just beautiful.
1439102813|5.0|An excellent book with great insight into Alzheimer's disease incorporating perspectives of the \\"patient\\", family members, medical staff and procedures from first signs through a very advanced state. An incredibly empathetic view from many angles--  should provide significant insight to those with early signs and those who are close to an individual with this debilitating condition.
0671891634|5.0|This book is simply a classic. Some might think it is old school, but is common sense investing ever out of style? Peter Lynch's investment philosophy is buying stocks of companies that he knows with P/E ratios not too high in relation to the growth rate. His famous advice is to visit the malls and observe which stores are the busiest. Watch people and notice which store names are on their shopping bags. And, finally, think for yourself instead of relying on tips.<br /><br />I totally agree with him on the fact that amateur investors have an advantage over Wall Street professionals. Amateurs do not have any restrictions as to how much of a portfolio can be allocated toward one stock. Every investor should read this book.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B0028K31CE|5.0|Those who have read my reviews in the past know I enjoy my music and I am quite critical on artists and their work. After seeing Maxwell in Concert, I anticipated the release of BLACK Summers' Night from the rip. I must say, it was well worth the wait! The CD is full of life, the songs are smooth and are exactly what you would expect from a Maxwell product. Listening to his entire CD, you can feel that he's singing from his soul. His voice is prime and his lyrics are heartfelt.<br /><br />My favorites are....<br />Stop The World<br />Bad Habits<br />Pretty Wings<br />Love You<br />Fist Full of Tears<br /><br />As always, YMMV....NEOSOUL
B001I01SF2|5.0|Steve Jobs gets more of the credit for Apple's success, but few people may realize that Steve Wozniak was the main brain behind the creation of the first computer. As a kid, he was introduced to engineering through his father. The most important lesson he learned from him was that engineering could do something for people that takes society to a new level.<br /><br />It was fun to read the story of how Jobs and Wozniak outsmarted engineers of the phone company. With the help of some books in the library, they figured out how certain frequencies translated into dialed numbers such as \\"1\\" or \\"3,\\" and they built a Blue Box that was used to make long distance calls for free.<br /><br />I have to say that this book is written in a way that Wozniak is pumping himself up about how great he is. Nevertheless, I wanted to hear the story of his life, his relationship with Jobs, and how Apple was created in the early days. I enjoyed reading the story from his point of view.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B002E2QHBS|5.0|...but it looks as if this is as close as we're going to get. In the accompanying booklet, Andy Zax, the compiler of this magnificent box set, begins by telling us: \\"When we began working on this project four years ago, the original intention was to try to put out all three days' worth of music from the festival on 30 CD's. Though we were able to locate, assemble and reconstruct about 99% of the music from Woodstock...some rather non-Aquarian logistical realities ultimately dictated that this project would take a slightly less sprawling form\\".<br /><br />1960's, meet the 2000's...<br /><br />That said, this collection, which brings us about a fifth of what went down (musically) at the festival, is sonic heaven. The remixes are brilliant, the sound crisp and vibrant. Though some of the performances were a little, ahem, muddy (I'm looking at you, Sweetwater), the box is on the whole cheap at twice the price. I only wish I could get the thought of the whole festival on 30 CD's out of my head. Sigh...<br /><br />I personally have created a not-too-shabby Woodstock playlist on my Ipod by combining this box with the missing performances from the 25th anniversary set (TYA, The Band, etc.), the Sly/Airplane/Winter/Joplin/Santana shows from the Woodstock Experience box, the complete Hendrix show, and a few odds and ends from my collection (such as John Sebastian's complete performance from his Rhino Handmade set).<br /><br />Still, though, I just can't stop thinking about those 30 CD's. Maybe someday...
1594201927|5.0|I thought that this book was going to be boring and dry especially because I never really liked history that much. However, I enjoyed reading it and found it educational. We all use money, but never think too much about it. Money is just an idea. It is something that we believe has value. This is a very good book explaining the origins of money and all the financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, derivatives, insurance, and home mortgages. I like the explanation of how these financial innovations helped our economies grow and improved our standard of living.<br /><br />Listening to economists today, we don't get this type of explanation. Very few of them understand the history behind money and financial instruments. If they did, they would understand that the current financial crisis and Ponzi schemes are nothing new. I want to thank the author for doing writing this book. I don't think I will ever think of money the same way again.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
1416550542|5.0|I just had to relate how much I enjoyed this book. It had everything I look for in a book, old houses, mysteries, gardens, secrets. I recommend it highly Terri
0393324818|5.0|I am not even a baseball fan, but I read this book because it was recommended by Joel Greenblatt, a value investor, in one of his interviews. At first I had no idea why Greenblatt would recommend a book on baseball. What does it have to do with picking stocks? After reading it, I realized that it everything to do with stocks.<br /><br />Billy Beane, who was a general manager for a baseball team, searched for players the way the best money managers search for stocks. Because he did not depend on scouts, just like great money managers do not depend on analysts, he was able to get players very cheap compared with the traditional methods. In other words, he was able to find inefficiencies in the market for baseball players. Good for him that he did not follow the efficient market theory like many money managers in the investment arena do. He was not only able to win games, but also the team operated with lower expenses because in the end, a baseball team is nothing but a business collecting revenues and incurring expenses. Lewis did a fabulous job writing this book. I loved it.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B000P0J09C|5.0|full metal jacket is an incredible movie, it will take you to a really good time watching it.
0060763280|5.0|When I picked up this book, I thought to myself, \\"Not again, another book on how to get rich.\\" While other books simply say, \\"Think big, start a business, use other people's money, get rich, and retire,\\" this book made me think a bit harder about myself and other people who are in my life. The author introduces people to a very important formula that determines our reality and wealth. It is T-F-A = R. It means that Thoughts lead to Feelings, Feelings lead to Actions, and Actions lead to Results.<br /><br />I can totally think of how this formula explains why some people are where they are with money. They mainly stumble on the first variable of the formula \\"T - Thoughts.\\" This book made me realize that managing one's thoughts is the first step to success. Our thoughts determine our results since they are all connected.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B00000G3PA|1.0|This movie goes from bad to worse. It is not that funny. The cliched negative material against the russians is deplorable. Shots of people around the world trusting in America to save them from annihilation makes me want to vomit. There is a line in this trash that says all those wars we have engaged in were worthwhile because it enabled us to develop superior weaponry to blow a giant asteroid in two. A complete waste of time !!!!!!!
1400063515|5.0|This is a philosophical book that really makes one think really hard. In this book, the author argues that we place way too much emphasis on past events with the hope that we can predict what will happen in the future. I guess we will never get tired of trying to guess what will happen next. Wall Street operates on the assumption that it has a crystal ball. No one really has any idea of why the markets moved up or down in a single day, but we try to find reasons for it. He argues that most of the big events in the world are unpredictable and he calls them Black Swans. But these kinds of events are what really matters. No one could have predicted the September 11th attack and still it had huge importance to our lives.<br /><br />This is an unbelievable book. Now that I read it, I am going to read Fooled by Randomness by the same author.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
0743270754|5.0|An excellent narrative history describing the political rise of Lincoln and the progress of his rivals Seward, Chase and Bates, later Stanton, Welles and Blair. This is a dramatic story and the deadly struggle of the Civil War dominates. Lincoln emerges as a consummate politician and a very fine man. There is a tendency in the book to gloss over his errors and to treat every deferral and vaccilation as a masterstroke of good timing. But there is no doubt of the huge talent of Lincoln as he navigated the US through terrible difficulties. The book is well-written and un-put-downable, don't miss it.
0762434279|4.0|This book is obviously extremely successful. I think that the author does a good job making people think differently and believe that they can achieve financial freedom. The majority of successful people have different mental attitudes and do not let their failures affect them as much. The criticism that I have with this book is that it makes everything seem just so easy. Some people may get disappointed after trying and failing due to the lack of enough effort. Also, because the author preaches that placing debt on the property is advisable, this advice could have contributed to some extent to people getting overleveraged in real estate and now that prices have collapsed, they are paying the price.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
0140461191|5.0|I had heard about this book for years, and the current focus on Mrs. Child's contributions to eating in America and other English speaking locales made me want to own and either cook from it or read it cover to cover.      The book received from the book seller is in precisely the condition stated.  It was received quickly.
0393330435|5.0|Steve Jobs gets more of the credit for Apple's success, but few people may realize that Steve Wozniak was the main brain behind the creation of the first computer. As a kid, he was introduced to engineering through his father. The most important lesson he learned from him was that engineering could do something for people that takes society to a new level.<br /><br />It was fun to read the story of how Jobs and Wozniak outsmarted engineers of the phone company. With the help of some books in the library, they figured out how certain frequencies translated into dialed numbers such as \\"1\\" or \\"3,\\" and they built a Blue Box that was used to make long distance calls for free.<br /><br />I have to say that this book is written in a way that Wozniak is pumping himself up about how great he is. Nevertheless, I wanted to hear the story of his life, his relationship with Jobs, and how Apple was created in the early days. I enjoyed reading the story from his point of view.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B0024F08RO|5.0|Prison Break 4 was the best season ever.  We were hooked from the first episode until the last one.  Can't give away the ending, but I thought the writers wrote the best ending!  My only complaint is, that the series is over.  Good luck to all the actors, writers, and directors of some of the best televsion that I have ever seen.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|If you're at this page you've probably heard or read about how great the game is, how the board changes every game, and how even though it takes a couple hours to play all players stay involved even when it's not \\"your turn\\".   All around, it's pretty much the best board game out there.  It's not too educational aside from learning negotiation / bartering and probabilities.  The cards and game pieces hold up pretty well, my brother spilled soda on his set and the cards ended up surviving being wiped with a wet paper towel.    I plan on getting an expansion set or two pretty soon.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|Seriously, Is this not one of the most fearless people in history? I put off seeing this for ages, partly because of all the hype, fool that I was. I finally got hold of this and it totally blew me away, amazing, in fact, so amazing I've just read his book, will give you the link here. I was put off by thinking oh yeah, high-wire, circus... but this is an astonishing story that works its way from Petit's youth through to his incredible wire walk between the Twin Towers, oh yes, madness, brilliance, sheer genius. Anyway, here's the link to the book, [[ASIN:0571217710 To Reach the Clouds]] and I'll also recommend this other one by Jayne Joso, about music and life and passing open windows:   [[ASIN:0955527252 Soothing Music for Stray Cats]]
B001EAWMGA|5.0|When I read the original premise of this film, it intrigued me:  An interstellar space craft crashes on earth, with the only survivors one human and one Morwen (a sort of monstrous creature). After leaving a homing beacon for a rescue ship, the human must catch the Morwen before it kills lots of people.<br /><br />Now what is interesting about all this is that it is set in the dark ages in Norway, around 700 AD or so.  So our hero is dealing with Vikings.  I just thought that was a really exciting idea.<br /><br />How did it play out?  Well, it has two things going for it that made it pretty good:  1) The story made sense (and we all know that many don't), with an understandable story trajectory; 2) (and this is the reason I gave it a 5 star rating) it has an amazingly good cast.  Every single actor in this film did an outstanding job.  It reminds me of the old British horror films where the actors might have done Shakespeare one month as a job, and then a Hammer Film for their next job.  Just fine talent in any setting.  When we noticed Ron Perlman playing a sort of berzerker Viking, we just squealed with glee.<br /><br />I hope this film gets more attention in DVD form than it did at the theaters.  It is really good.
0894803123|5.0|We recently purchased an ice cream maker and needed recipes. We found this book lots of fun with great recipes. The price was good and we would really recommend it to everyone. The cream base is great for adding other ingredients. thanks
0670033049|5.0|A beautiful and moving family saga based on Steinbeck's own family history and the story of Cain and Abel from the book of Genesis in the Bible. It's always nice when you read a classic and realize it's a classic because it's wonderfully written, evocative, and resonates with your own understanding of the human condition. The Hamilton family, dreamers and farmers without financial success, interact with the Trasks, a successful but troubled family. Lee, Trask's Chinese cook, is an especially attractive, nuanced, and non-stereotypical character, while Cathy Ames, Trask's faithless sociopathic wife, is one of the most fearful villains in literature. Especially moving are the theological debates about freedom and destiny between Hamilton, Trask, and Lee. A must-read.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I am happy to have this item, and it is more enjoyable than I expected.  I didn't realize, until I received it, there was also a DVD.  I enjoyed MJ's performances and his lyrics.  I am also pleased with Amazon.com.
B002BNKQDK|4.0|The film is paced very slow and quite frankly, it gets really boring after a while, but the action scenes are totally worth watching. They all pack a punch and are fun to watch. The sound effects and music is brilliant and the effects are well executed...sometimes. Dr. Manhattan (along with Mars) looks a bit TOO CGI sometimes and some lighting is off and sometimes you can't even hear what the actors are saying because the sound effects and/or music is a bit too loud.<br /><br />But if you're a fan of Watchmen this is the absolute best thing you can get. The little Archie is awesome with the sound effects along with the 3 discs. Totally worth your cash if you're a fan. If you're not, just get the standard edition.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is what I've been looking for I swear.  Jillian is awesome and I love this dvd.  She combines cardio and strength in a way that has your heart rate up in no time and strength that makes you want to throw the dumbbells at her through the tv in a good way...don't get me wrong she makes you work.  The 20 minutes is intense ...it is not a joke.  I love the fact that it has 3 levels. I've only complete level 1, I previewed level 2 and I said she is NUTS!(in a good way if you want a good workout)  She is NOT complicated with her moves she keeps it simple and efficient.  I sound like i work for her but I am so pleased!!  I never honestly never knew you could sweat (get such an intense workout) so much at home i thought i needed to go to the gym to get that kind of a workout but not with the 30 day shred.
B000W91RUG|5.0|A great DVD set for a Great Comedy! I love this series and having the first seasons is Great!
0385341008|3.0|My friends and I read this book for our book club and really enjoyed it.  The letter format makes the read go very smoothly and quickly.  The historical aspects in this book enriched the read as they were things many of us had never read about WWII before.  The characters are just wonderful as each is vastly different from the next, leaving us with much to talk about.  I would most certainly suggest this book to others, especially those in a book club!
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|I hated this movie.<br /><br />Look at all the positive reviews and see if you can find what it is exactly about this movie those people liked. Do they mention the plot or the message or the theme or the symbolism and how this movie seems parallel today's political/social conflicts? NO! They say it compliments the graphic novel? Ooooooh! So did the Howard the Duck and the TMNT movies! Was I supposed to be intrigued by the big blue penis, or the superhero raping the other hero, or the two heroes getting after it in the owl-a-copter, or the two twisted heroes murdering other heroes? I guess I could say I have never seen that in a superhero movie before. I'm so dissappointed and somebody owes me 3.5 hours of my life back.<br /><br />I rank the suck of this movie right up there with...well no Watchmen takes sucking to a whole new super level. This movie was a really bad superhero movie. Look, here is the \\"secret\\" superhero movie formula: Good superpowered guys kick the crap out of bad superpowered guys...period. This movie was trying very hard to be complicated and clever like Matrix part 3. Don't show this to your kids. They'll grow up hating you and superheroes.<br /><br />The best parts of this movie are what you see in the 3-minute trailers. I'm a huge comic book fan...I have never read this grafic novel and now I never will. If I want to see crooked people getting over on the world and confusion about who is truely good or really evil, then I will tune in to CSPAN.<br /><br />I was expecting a superhero movie not a superhero soap opera. AND what exactly was super about these characters. They are the opposite of saaaaay the Fantastic Four, which knew how to laugh at itself, I think. Also...the Dark Knight was long, beautiful, and intelligent, but still a little dark and still you are better off for having seen it. Watchmen is just a 3.5 hour long train wreck that you would be better off if you had never seen it.<br /><br />The potential for this movie is that it makes me not want to see another hollywood superhero movie ever. Of all the potential superhero stories left to bring to the big screen how in the world did DC get this in front of me before I saw Wonderwoman, Flash, JLA, Thor, Capt America, or a good Superman movie for that matter? Oh yeah...that's right...Howard the Duck made it to the big screan too.<br /><br />Last 2 things...there are Saturday morning superhero episodes that are better than this movie...check out Starcrossed. Finally, I didn't have to pre-read the Matrix, or Star Wars, or Terminator to love those movies. All the pre-reading in the world wouldn't help Howard the Duck.  Oh by the way...Mystery Men is a GREAT superhero movie in comparison to this Watchmen tripe. Remember the Sphinx? \\"He who questions training only trains himself at asking questions.\\"<br /><br />If all you can say about this movie is that it brought your graphic novel to life, then I'm glad I never read your graphic novel. Uhg!ood superhero movie ever. Of all the potential superhero stories left to bring to the big screen how in the world did DC get this in front of me before I saw Wonderwoman, Flash, JLA, Thor, Capt America, or a good Superman movie for that matter? Oh yeah...that's right...Howard the Duck made it to the big screan too.     Last 2 things...there are Saturday morning superhero episodes that are better than this movie...check out Starcrossed. Finally, I didn't have to pre-read the Matrix, or Star Wars, or Terminator to love those movies. All the pre-reading in the world wouldn't help Howard the Duck.  Oh by the way...Mystery Men is a GREAT superhero movie in comparison to this Watchmen tripe. Remember the Sphinx? \\"He who questions training only trains himself at asking questions.\\"    If all you can say about this movie is that it brought your graphic novel to life, then I'm glad I never read your graphic novel. Uhg!
B00005QGAV|5.0|One of the best album ever made. every single song is unique but together it creates an amzing album, total work of art.
0553260111|2.0|\\"The Bourne Identity\\" by Robert Ludlum.<br /><br />1975, The Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Port Noir; Fishermen find a man that appears to be dead floating in the sea. After extricating the body from the water they realize that though bullet ridden the man is still alive. With nowhere to turn the fishermen deliver the man to a drunkard of a Doctor in Port Noir who might attempt to bring this man back from death's clutch. Dr. Washburn quickly determines that his recovering patient is no normal man. The patient is struggling with almost total amnesia. There is evidence of plastic surgery having been completed and the small microfilm has been implanted in his hip with the name of a bank and an account number on it. 5 to 6 months pass on Port Noir and the un-named man decides to pursue his only clue which must reside in the account that was on the hidden micro film...<br /><br />There are very few book to movie translations in which the successor surpasses it's predecessor. Unfortunately for me The Bourne Identity is one of those cases. The movie is actually only vaguely similar to the book and moves in almost a completely different direction with greater success I might add. Do not make the mistake I did in thinking that since you enjoyed the movie you are apt to enjoy the book even more. The only thing to be found down that path of reasoning is disappointment.<br /><br />The Good: The book has a few moments though I am having trouble recalling any of them currently. It suffices to say that for me the bad far out weighed the good.<br /><br />The Bad: One of the biggest problems I had with the book was the numerous annoying writing habits of Mr. Ludlum. I'll give you a warm up: Get Carlos. Trap Carlo. Cain is for Charlie and Delta is for Cain. You are going to read that line a maddening number of times. Also be sure to brush up on your French because Mr. Ludlum has no problem throwing some French into the mix.<br /><br />The Marie Character and her relationship with Bourne lacks any sense of believability. The move version was well thought out and worked, the book version, Not so much. For starters the character is PHD who is employed by the Canadian government. A woman who you would expect to be intelligent and interested in self preservation. Not someone who falls into a puppy love type state with someone who was just recently smacking her in the face, kidnapping her and holding her at gun point. In a matter of days after a very traumatic introduction the Marie character is so in love that she can't bear to be parted from Jason and is constantly referring to him as \\"My love\\" or \\"My darling\\" or a variation thereof. It is not believable in the least.There is so much time spent in hotel rooms where the Marie character is consoling poor Jason and trying to convince him he isnt who he believes he is even though she has almost no reason to belive it herself all the while calling him my darling etc. Very painful reading.<br /><br />The plot is also spread a little too far and eventually becomes convoluted. This combined with unbelievable characters makes for an extremely tedious read.<br /><br />Overall: Avoid this at all cost. If you have a Bourne craving you are better off stopping at Blockbuster.y. The move version was well thought out and worked, the book version, Not so much. For starters the character is PHD who is employed by the Canadian government. A woman who you would expect to be intelligent and interested in self preservation. Not someone who falls into a puppy love type state with someone who was just recently smacking her in the face, kidnapping her and holding her at gun point. In a matter of days after a very traumatic introduction the Marie character is so in love that she can't bear to be parted from Jason and is constantly referring to him as \\"My love\\" or \\"My darling\\" or a variation thereof. It is not believable in the least.There is so much time spent in hotel rooms where the Marie character is consoling poor Jason and trying to convince him he isnt who he believes he is even though she has almost no reason to belive it herself all the while calling him my darling etc. Very painful reading.      The plot is also spread a little too far and eventually becomes convoluted. This combined with unbelievable characters makes for an extremely tedious read.     Overall: Avoid this at all cost. If you have a Bourne craving you are better off stopping at Blockbuster.
0061767581|5.0|I'm only halfway through the book but I'm so drawn to it! I LOVE it so far! It's awesome to see how LC really put her own life into this book! It's a great beach read... and a great read overall!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I was definitely searching for a dvd that was more basic cardio, weights, etc...and less 'bouncing around.'  I've completed several ABC boot camps and consider myself to be in pretty good shape with decent levels of endurance.  That said, level 1 of this work out was relatively intense for a 20 mintue work out.  I enjoyed the quick circuit mix-ups and I'm looking forward to the next levels of this dvd and trying out the 2 other dvds of Jillian's (No More Trouble Zones and Banish Fat Boost Metabolism).  I will agree that the music is pretty lame.  I think the Jillian could take the time to show some more modifications for people who want to do the work out but who are limited by bad knees, etc. I don't mind her 'bully' style. I definitely didn't mind scoring a deal on all 3 dvds for $24 on Amazon with FREE super saver shipping (after I added a $1.50 Degas notebook to my order).
0307341550|5.0|I picked up Sharp Objects knowing nothing of the book or author.  It's a thin novel, perfect for my work commute.  I cannot say how much I love Gillian Flynn's writing!  What an incredible surprise!  I actually wish the book would go on as I'm so fascinated by these strange characters and the abuses they wage on themselves and each other.      I am so happy that Gillian Flynn is a part of this genre.  After reading a list of horrid books by popular novelists, what  relief to find a smart, sardonic writer like Flynn. I cannot wait to read her next book.
B001UV4XU6|4.0|500 Days of Summer presents the history of a love affair between a romantic sort of guy and a girl named Summer who professes not to believe in romantic love...the movie's innovation is that the story is presented out of sequence.  We see the relationship from the guy's point of view...from the uncertain early days when Summer, played by Zoey Deschanel first catches his eye, the giddy euphoria when they become lovers, and the crippling depression he feels when their relationship goes south.  And in the spirit of the movie, I will say that one of the very best things I liked about the movie was the ending line...it's one of the funniest I've come across in years.<br /><br />&lt;minor spoilers below><br /><br />Joseph Gordon Levitt plays Tom Hansen, the protagonist of the story.  He does a good job of playing a likable and sympathetic guy who has the misfortune (or perhaps the good fortune) of falling for a very pretty girl with unconventional ideas about love and relationships.  Summer Finn is played by singer and actress Zooey Deschanel.  She's got perhaps the more challenging role in that her character essentially puts that of Tom's through an emotional wringer.  For the most part, she succeeds in presenting Summer not as someone who rather carelessly breaks someone else's heart...I do have to say that while I found her pretty...the movie over-hyped how attractive everyone found her (which the narrator informs us).  She's not that pretty.<br /><br />The movie has lots of good moments.  My favorite is the one after they spend their first night together and an ecstatic Tom imagines that he's leading a crowd of people in a musical-style number that even features an appearance from an animated \\"Blue Bird of Happiness.\\"<br /><br />The movie does have one flaw in the story near its end where Summer springs a surprise on the hapless Tom that some common sense on her part could have easily prevented.  It made her come across in that moment as not particularly likable and even callous.<br /><br />But overall, the movie is a breath of fresh air in terms of being an original story presented in an original way...and the ending line is priceless.e movie is a breath of fresh air in terms of being an original story presented in an original way...and the ending line is priceless.
B001LF4IA6|5.0|...and a return to the old themes. First, the accomplishment. Bruce has put together a fresh and vibrant album, something that veteran artists are almost never able to do. Every song on this album is filled with richness and meaning. He's provided songs of hope (My Lucky Day and Working on a Dream), songs that display a profound love (Kingdom of Days, Surprise, Surprise), and as always, songs of deep thoughtfulness (Life Itself, The Last Carnival). Furthermore Bruce displays an amazing ability to mix and blend different musical styles from song to song. For example, he gives us Good Eye, a nearly pure Blues song.    Second, the old themes. Since The Rising, Bruce has put songs in each of his albums that have reflected our modern times (Into the Fire, Devils and Dust, Long Walk Home - to name a few). In Working on a Dream he has returned almost entirely to the old human themes - love, hope, loss, redemption. The themes that last through life - that is why signing about these themes strikes to the heart, no matter what year it is. I have been a Bruce fan since before Wild Billy's Circus Story - that is why I am so amazed at how rich and vibrant Working on a Dream is. After listening to it, I can describe it this way: When you listen to this album, and then listen to some of the other new albums out there - it is like going from reading classic literature to reading a children's book.     Lastly, this review could have also been titled A Study in Growth. Bruce and the band continue to grow and mature - Bruce's writing on this album displays an incredible emotional and philosophical progression. I think some of Bruce's old fans who are displeased with this album need to take a month off of work and try to keep up with his maturation as a human observer.
B0021L8US0|4.0|Co-produced by Peter Jackson, the acclaimed director of the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" and directed by Neil Blomkamp; `DISTRICT 9\\" screams \\"Cult Classic\\". Blomkamp has adapted his short film called \\"Alive in Joberg\\" and has crafted a film loosely inspired by the events of District 6 in South Africa. \\"District 9\\" collects some familiar pieces of history, science fiction elements, and some cool action in a tale which is mainly a retelling of man's nature to condemn someone or something different. While it contains a strong social commentary, the film itself is more of a visually stunning piece of a slick actioner.<br /><br />Some 20 years ago, a huge alien mother ship becomes stranded in Earth's atmosphere due to mechanical issues when its power source seemingly disappears. It hovers above the city of Johannesburg, South Africa with about a suffering alien race trapped inside. They are brought down to Earth by local government and forced to live in conditions similar to a refugee camp, which soon becomes a slum called \\"District 9\\". As the aliens, dubbed \\"Prawns\\" by the humans who harbor them, become more adaptive to their dwelling, they become more hostile and a little too burdensome since they have grown in number. The task of relocating them falls on a multi-national task force called \\"MNU\\" into a concentration camp located 200 km outside Johannesburg. Its chief operative, Wikus (Sharlton Copley) leads a team of mercenaries to go door by door to evict the alien settlers, but the aliens aren't going quietly as Wikus ends up being exposed to a mysterious black fluid which has provoked several changes in his body. Forced to hide when he finds out that his superiors wish to dissect him, he flees to District 9 where he befriends an alien that he calls \\"Christopher\\". The two embark on a mission to cure Wikus and to return the \\"prawns\\" to return to their home world; such action brings them on a collision course with M.N.U.<br /><br />Part \\"Alien Nation\\" and part Cronenberg's \\"The Fly\\" with some touches of a re-examination of the depredation of apartheid with an other-worldly backdrop, the film is more or less a visitation story about an abused race of aliens that are being taken advantaged of, feared but nonetheless the humans are interested in what they could milk from the alien culture. The aliens are separated from the human population with little to no rights bestowed on them. The social and political commentary/overtones are strong in the film's screenplay most especially in the first half, when the director Blomkamp shoots the proceedings in a style quite similar to a documentary. You see the events unraveling as if everything had already occurred in the past, with some highlights of news reels, interviews and that the viewer is supposed to look forward to whatever future this situation may bring. Its political and social points are brought forward by Blomkamp in a very clever way, as he succeeds in bringing an atmosphere of humiliation and horrific hatred by man towards the aliens.<br /><br />The aliens dubbed \\"Prawns\\" (supposed to be a degrading slur, but the actual name of the alien race wasn`t revealed) are also cleverly developed. While we only see subtle hints of their alien culture, you can see that they are a \\"people\\" with intelligence and their own technology. They are intelligent and have their own native language which Wikus had deciphered. Some are criminals; some are just minding their own business while some have ambition, with a longing to return to their world. The \\"prawns' addiction to cat food give an impression that they may be marine creatures (cat food has a fishy taste) and that they have become interested in inter-species mating as shown with the Nigerians' prostitution ring in district 9.<br /><br />Any culture or group of immigrants has something to offer, and the humans are interested in their technology. We see as to how different people approach this interest, as major corporations are taking a scientific approach while the Nigerians are approaching this from a mystical level. Two human traits are explored and they both involve taking the alien bodies apart. It was curious that the alien weapons can only be used by one of the \\"prawns\\"; it is a curious fail safe so that no one can use their weaponry against them. I'd like to think that the aliens are more the peaceful race in the film (since they took no steps in invading the nearby city or will they?) while us humans are more into protecting our interests such as the development of military weapons and to some, for profit.<br /><br />Enough about the political overtone, the second half of the film puts its focus on Wikus, when his accident becomes a living nightmare. The scenes when he begins to evolve into something less human could've been more icky and gooey but Blomkamp opts to approach the matter with some occasional news reels and the conventional filmmaking. This style may prove to be a bit of challenge to some since the details can easily become confusing that may leave one to wonder if it's a documentary or a dramatization? But I have to commend the direction, he manages to keep the details together although he doesn`t give all the answers but gives the viewer something to anticipate in the future, I guess it may also be seen as an attempt to emulate reality because things like this do happen at times in a different manner; such as the nature of humanity.<br /><br />The accident proves to be the catalyst for the film's action sequences which mostly occurs in its last 25 minutes. The special effects in the film are nicely done; I really enjoyed the alien weaponry that was brought into bear. While I thought some didn't seem too advance most of them do pack a mean wallop. I did enjoy the combat between an alien exo-suit piloted by Wikus against the mercenaries; they were visually stunning and quite gritty in their own way. There is quite a lot of rehearsed explosions that displays the wonderment of alien technology that takes the film to an even more violent level. The film also has a good amount of blood and gore especially in the final climactic showdown as bullets fly, missiles are fired and bodies are torn apart in a very disquieting manner.<br /><br />Granted, \\"District 9\\" isn't a perfect film, its script has several inconsistencies and some plot missteps; it does leave the viewer to fill in the gaps and left to assume at times. Blomkamp may have intentionally left some questions unanswered as the final act asks another question that leaves us with the possibility of a sequel. Personally, I didn't mind the underdeveloped story; the film had enough intensity and enough ambition to keep me interested. Despite some flaws in the script, its execution was precise. The aliens are cool and Blomkamp exhibits enough filmmaking zest that has me all set for \\"District 10\\".<br /><br />Highly Recommended! [4- Stars]re approaching this from a mystical level. Two human traits are explored and they both involve taking the alien bodies apart. It was curious that the alien weapons can only be used by one of the \\"prawns\\"; it is a curious fail safe so that no one can use their weaponry against them. I'd like to think that the aliens are more the peaceful race in the film (since they took no steps in invading the nearby city or will they?) while us humans are more into protecting our interests such as the development of military weapons and to some, for profit.    Enough about the political overtone, the second half of the film puts its focus on Wikus, when his accident becomes a living nightmare. The scenes when he begins to evolve into something less human could've been more icky and gooey but Blomkamp opts to approach the matter with some occasional news reels and the conventional filmmaking. This style may prove to be a bit of challenge to some since the details can easily become confusing that may leave one to wonder if it's a documentary or a dramatization? But I have to commend the direction, he manages to keep the details together although he doesn`t give all the answers but gives the viewer something to anticipate in the future, I guess it may also be seen as an attempt to emulate reality because things like this do happen at times in a different manner; such as the nature of humanity.     The accident proves to be the catalyst for the film's action sequences which mostly occurs in its last 25 minutes. The special effects in the film are nicely done; I really enjoyed the alien weaponry that was brought into bear. While I thought some didn't seem too advance most of them do pack a mean wallop. I did enjoy the combat between an alien exo-suit piloted by Wikus against the mercenaries; they were visually stunning and quite gritty in their own way. There is quite a lot of rehearsed explosions that displays the wonderment of alien technology that takes the film to an even more violent level. The film also has a good amount of blood and gore especially in the final climactic showdown as bullets fly, missiles are fired and bodies are torn apart in a very disquieting manner.     Granted, \\"District 9\\" isn't a perfect film, its script has several inconsistencies and some plot missteps; it does leave the viewer to fill in the gaps and left to assume at times. Blomkamp may have intentionally left some questions unanswered as the final act asks another question that leaves us with the possibility of a sequel. Personally, I didn't mind the underdeveloped story; the film had enough intensity and enough ambition to keep me interested. Despite some flaws in the script, its execution was precise. The aliens are cool and Blomkamp exhibits enough filmmaking zest that has me all set for \\"District 10\\".     Highly Recommended! [4- Stars]
B000N0W9WO|5.0|Such a good movie!  I love movies that leave you with good feelings and this one will do it!  Completely entertaining, fun, and good acting!
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|Hands down, one of the best movies of the year. Awesome fight scenes, awesome gory bloody action, just an all around kick @$$ movie!
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|The Harry Potter saga continues with, argueably, the best installment to date \\"The Half-Blood Prince\\".<br /><br /> Scarred by his experience stemming from the events in \\"The Order Of The Phoenix\\", Harry Potter is reluctant to return for year six at Hogwarts. Professor Dumbledore encourages him to continue on, taking Harry's help in enticing former Potions Professor Horace Slughorn to return to Hogwarts.<br /><br /> At the school, Harry & Ron borrow textbooks from the school for Slughorn's Potions class. The previous owner of Harry's copy, the \\"Half-Blood Prince\\", has annotated the book with additional instructions & spellcraft that allow Harry to excel in class & win a vial of liquid luck.<br /><br /> During private meetings held throughout the year, Dumbledore shows Harry memories of a young Tom Riddle & reveals Slughorn retains a memory critical to Voldemort's defeat. Harry retrieves the memory & it reveals that Voldemort had been seeking information on Horcruxes, devices that safeguard a portion of the creator's soul, thereby granting him immortality until the Horcrux is destroyed. After learning the location of another Horcrux (Voldemort has six of them total), Dumbledore requests Harry's help to retrieve it.<br /><br /> However, Voldemort has given Draco Malfoy, Harry's rival, an assignment. An assignment that casts a deadly spell over Hogwarts & spells certain doom for the faculty, students, & the school's future.<br /><br /> The overall power of \\"Half-Blood Prince\\", is the storm, that the other five films have been fortelling about, has finally arrived & this is the beginning of the end for all things Potter. \\"Harry Potter & The Half Blood Prince\\" is a major turning point in the series & is not to be missed. Coming to DVD & Blu-ray 12/22/09.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I am a board game lover, and I always try to broaden my horizons with new games. I have been playing Catan for the past 3 or so years. I played the old version and the new version (same game, different pictures, updated graphics), and I will say that the new version is more appealing to the eye. However, the board pieces are constantly shifting during play, and it makes for a bothersome distraction to an organized person such as myself. I wish they would figure out a way to fix this problem so that the pieces stay in place. Either way, the pieces are durable... we often turn Catan into a drinking game, and one time the entire board was covered in wine. It all dried out, and despite the slight purple tinge some of the cards and pieces have, 2 years later it still works like new! No warping or disintegration present!
B001GCUO16|4.0|Origin story of Wolverine is a decent enough time passer but if your a die-hard fan of ole' Canucklhead you'll be in for a bit of a dissapointment (I actually give the film *** 1/2 stars).<br /><br /> Hugh Jackman, as always, is great as Logan, but, the welcome surprise for me was Liev Shreiber as Victor Creed. He easily made me forget about Tyler Mane from the first \\"X-Men\\" film. Some welcome cameos from future X-Men team members are also pretty cool.<br /><br /> The action sequences are pretty standard for a film like this.<br /> Characters square off with one another giving warnings, showing off there mutie powers & then fighting with explosions or some sort of mayhem going on around them. To me, it seems part of the origin story was left out. Rose, Logan's first true love, in the comic story, was dropped for the movie version. The Weapon X sequence, that should be a major highlight of the film, felt like it was rushed. If your a Wolverine fan this should have been the best part of the film. The battle at Three Mile Island didn't have that much spark to it.<br /><br />\\"Wolverine\\" is not a bad film at all it's just that it seems by the numbers. I wanted something new & fresh to see with this character instead, I got a new paint job with the same mileage.<br /> Arrives on DVD & Blu-Ray September 2009
0786880708|4.0|The phrase \\"wherever you go, there you are\\" may seem silly at first thought. But as you read Jon Kabat-Zinn's thoughts on mindfulness and meditation, it becomes clear what he is talking about. We must live in the present, the \\"now\\". That means being aware of all aspects of your personal environment. Meditation is a gateway to that state of being but, the author points out, is not for everyone. Nor is there a \\"one size fits all\\" form of the practice. Yes, this is a \\"deep\\" book but well worth exploring. Highly recommended.
B001GCUNWG|3.0|Manny, Sid, & Diego return in this third installment that, I felt, goes to the well one to many times. Ice Age 3 tromps & stomps over the same familiar ground that the first two covered.<br /><br /> When Manny is on the verge of settling down & starting a family, the friendship between the three seems threatened. Diego gets the hint & is ready to take off on his own again, when he realizes he may be to old to go it alone. For Sid, he too, wants a family & as fate would have it, he comes across what looks to be three gigantic, abandoned eggs that when hatched become baby T Rex's. Of course, mama T Rex comes a calling & its not long before ole Sid is in big trouble & its up to his buddies to bale him out.<br /><br /> The first Ice Age was something new, fresh, funny & had the advantage of being one of the more successfull CG animated films that didn't come from Disney or Pixar. Ice Age 3 has none of these advantages. There is nothing really new, except a character thats voiced by Simon Pegg who has all the best funny bits (and they are few and far between). The animation is top notch, but, sadly, is now the norm for this type of family film. Ice Age 3 is a decent film for family time, but, I strongly recommend waiting for the DVD release in December.
B001E1DJD4|2.0|The lugubrious first disc is a total loss.  Yamagata has a golden voice with terrific control and she is capable of immaculate musical phrasing.  Yet on this release she decides to whisper out the lyrics.  Maybe this is considered sultry and sexy by some, but I consider it a total waste of talent.  On the second disc she picks up the pace and actually sings, but it's too late - only five songs are on the second disc, and they lack any of the subtlety of her earlier work.  I'd characterize the background arrangements as primitive.  Stick with the earlier release \\"Happenstance.\\"
B000WS4QJG|5.0|What can I say, its Michael Jackson.  Absolutely wonderful as always.  The DVD that came with it totally awesome.  I love the Thriller video.
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|We really enjoyed the movie because it showed superheroes that had issues, fears, etc.. like anybody else. Some were jerks, some saints, some broken, some retired.  There was better than average dialog, due to it following closely to the original graphic novel.  We watched the theatrical release and my son-in-law borrowed it afterwards.  I ended up buying him the directors cut for his birthday and am looking forward to watching it to see the difference.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|It was an amazing album, and a great way to always remember the king of pop.
630522577X|1.0|I ordered the movie and got it a week later and it would not play it had several scratches on the back of the dvd so I had them send me another copy, which they did. the new copy was also scrathed on the back but only skipped a little in the begining. these dvds where supposed to be new.
B0021L8US0|5.0|After much anticipation and some seriously startling reviews (almost all glowingly positive) District 9 has finally been unleashed upon the world.<br /><br />This year, especially this summer, has been sorely lacking in truly escapist and honestly entertaining films.  District 9 is essentially this year's Mighty Mouse, swooping in to save the day.<br /><br />Aliens, with their gigantic ship parked above the South African city of Johannesburg, have been languishing in Human imposed slums for twenty years, seemingly without purpose (except for the acquisition and consumption of cat food).  Humans have had enough of these aliens close proximity and are about to enforce a massive relocation to a new \\"camp\\" many, many miles away.  The MNU is the task force assigned to watch and move these visitors from space.  When evictions begin under the leadership of Wikus Van De Merwe (played by Sharlto Copley, who deserves a preliminary Oscar nomination, right now) things go horribly awry.  Especially for Wikus.<br /><br />I'd write more about what happens after this point, but spoilers are the devil, let's just say this movie exponentially increases its coolness with each subsequent frame of footage.  Not only do we get a compelling, well told story, we get one heck of an acting debut by Copley.  We get insanely awesome (and insanely lethal) alien weapons, disturbingly realistic aliens, and a directorial debut from Neill Blomkamp that seriously reminds me of Spielberg announcing his presence to the world with Duel.  That's right, Spielberg (minus all the sentimentality).<br /><br />District 9 is a slap in the face to the bloated economics of say, Michael Bay, that riddle the so called \\"blockbusters\\" of Hollywood.  This little film, which somehow only cost $30 million, has more bang for its buck than the ridiculous, over the top, and borderline racist Transformers 2.  Heck, this movie has a robot in it that puts to shame every single robot in both Transformers movies, for its purposeful design and realistic appearance.<br /><br />If you need to cleanse your palate after this summer's offal like offerings, District 9 is a cool drink of water with an insanity chaser.<br /><br />This is how you make a good movie!appearance.      If you need to cleanse your palate after this summer's offal like offerings, District 9 is a cool drink of water with an insanity chaser.      This is how you make a good movie!
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|This movie was amazing!!!  I absolutely loved it, and it is now one of my all time favorites.  Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds are awesome together.  I could watch it again and again.  It is hilarious, and makes you cry all at the same time.  Great movie to watch when you are in the mood for a romantic comedy that tears you apart.  It can also cheer you up after you've gone through a breakup--trust me, I know.  It was the first movie I watched after breaking up with my boyfriend, and I totally felt better after watching it.  It was amazing!
031606792X|1.0|Generally, I can think of no way to waste your time quite like reading this book, or this series for that matter. If you do take interest in the Twilight phenomenon, please be warned that you will be utterly shamed and humiliated when you actually grow up and realize that the world is not centered around you, like it apparently is for Bella. I'm not specifically writing to teenage girls; anybody drawn to this book will automatically imagine the \\"Edward\\" figure in their life being devoted to them - that's not how it works.<br /><br />But on the subject of females, I think this book answers every man's question, \\"What do women want in a man?\\" The answer - every female just wants sex. Or at least that's true for Stephanie Meyer and every women she has warped with this disgraceful series. I'm ashamed for the future of the average female if they can't find a love for anyone besides a fictional, disturbing, and twisted character, who just happens to be good-looking. For men who have read this book and enjoyed it, you obviously have not understood the message - every unattractive, whiny, undeserving girl, needs to be stalked by a creep to feel love. As disturbing as that is, this is America's favorite series.<br /><br />In the past, America's adoration was focused on the world's greatest authors - Gore Vidal, J.D. Salinger, Norman Mailer, Larry McMurtry, Kurt Vonnegut, and Philip Roth. How can Western literature possibly be resurrected from a such a blow brought by this degrading series written by this distasteful author? Where has the world come to if the whole of the population decides to follow trends started by teenage girls who, because of Stephanie Meyer, only care about one thing in life!? What a shame it is to live in this generation where such lowly ideals have been celebrated.<br /><br />Decidedly, if you wish to discard your self-respect and intelligence, please, by all means, purchase this book and every book in the series. If you are just bored and wish to find entertainment, please go shoot a dove and watch it bleed - doing so would prove that you have more integrity and better morals than those reading the Twilight Series right now.go shoot a dove and watch it bleed - doing so would prove that you have more integrity and better morals than those reading the Twilight Series right now.
0316017922|5.0|It has great anecdotal and practical stories!<br />I enjoyed every significant page of it!<br />It has a sense of motivation, so your day won't be as bad as you think.<br />If only he could have made it more thicker... I suggest he involve Theodore Roosevelt, he's a great example of a Outlier!
B000N3SSVM|5.0|Not much else to say. A must have for any fan of the knife. Amazing.  The live CD is actually something I listen too and I am not a big fan of live CDs.   The DVD is good enough to be sold separately for 20$.  And of course Silent Shout is a remarkable CD.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Michael Moore's movie Sicko, is apparently designed to educate the American public regarding the issues of health care. The movie presents a comparative analysis of the health-care systems in America, Canada, France, England and Cuba. Michael Moore and his film crew actually visited all the countries discussed in the film, interviewed health-care professionals, and patients, and presented the fact in understandable details.<br /><br />Based on the film, health-care in America is very controversial. It is also a highly contested area in the legal and administrative arenas. The film shows how the health-care industry operates with hidden agenda, which is based on profit making. As a result, the average citizen is denied access to health-care payments for frivolous reasons. Such actions at times resulted in the unfortunate death of individuals being denied insurance coverage, or a family member who desperately needs the coverage to pay for medical bills not being covered.<br /><br />The film shows various former employees of the health-care industry providing information on what they used to do for their respective employers. The information is depressing. The actions of the insurance companies as portrayed by the former employees are ruthless, based on capitalistic motives, and show a lack of sensitivity for the health and welfare of others who are sick.<br /><br />One must consider the impact of the film on politicians. It actually computes in monetary terms the value of how much the health-care industry spends annually to buy politicians and get them into its corner. With the winning over of politicians, the health-care industry is then able to obtain votes and influence the passage of legislations in its favor which affects Americans across the spectrum.<br /><br />The film heightens ones awareness regarding the ongoing battle over healthcare coverage, and in particular, the health care debate and proposals by each candidate regarding where he or she stands on the issues. It shows the benefits to be derived from having a health-care system that is universal, and how it improves the quality of life for citizens of that country.<br /><br />The following is my poem regarding the health-care system in America, entitled This Land:<br /><br />This Land-America!<br /><br />This land we fought and died for<br /><br />Ancestral legacy buried in its midst;<br /><br />This land we shed our blood for<br /><br />Descendants suffering in its midst;<br /><br />This land we cried and bled for<br /><br />Future generation will be ticked;<br /><br />This land we stood and prayed for-<br /><br />Lord help and keep us on Your list!<br /><br />General Reactions<br /><br />Sicko is a present day reality of America's broken health-care system. It is beyond any reasonable comprehension to acknowledge the fact that the wealthiest country in the world is not even rated in the top 25% of countries world-wide for providing health-care to its citizens. This realization is just deplorable! It is an injustice to humanity to know that Americans are dying in the streets on a daily basis because America does not have an efficient and effective health-care system to provide for its citizens.<br /><br />One could assume that the ruthless practice of the health-care industry is designed to further continue the unjust act of covert genocide on certain segments of the American population. The system impacts African-Americans and other minorities the most. It is a further reflection of how capitalism and monopolistic practices by the upper class continue to act in a repressive manner to alienate those considered inferior by unjust standards.<br /><br />The timing of the film could not have been better especially being released before an election year. If watched by Americans, this film should provide them with enough information to make an informed decision on where they should cast their votes on the health-care debate. Americans have suffered enough under the current unjust practices of the health-care system. It has stripped their pockets book, bank accounts, home mortgage equity, and other finances to pay for coverage the insurance companies should have been held liable for but refused to pay.<br /><br />The following is my poem about the health-care system taking care of our people.<br /><br />Taking Care of Our People<br /><br />Let's take care of the sick<br /><br />They are dying in our streets;<br /><br />Let's take care on the homeless<br /><br />They are sleeping in the streets;<br /><br />America has money to spare<br /><br />Let's spend on the sick their share;<br /><br />Build homes for the homeless,<br /><br />Lift up humanity to where-<br /><br />America is truly the Land Of The Free<br /><br />And proud to be: The Hand Of The Brave!<br /><br />Joseph S. Spence, Sr., is the co-author of two poetry books, A Trilogy of Poetry, Prose and Thoughts for the Mind, Body and Soul, and Trilogy Moments for the Mind, Body and Soul. He invented the Epulaeryu poetry form, which focuses on succulent cuisines and drinks. He is published in various forums, including the World Haiku Association; Milwaukee Area Technical College, Phoenix Magazine; and Taj Mahal Review. Joseph is a Goodwill Ambassador for the state of Arkansas, USA, and is an adjunct faculty at Milwaukee Area Technical College. He has completed over twenty years of service with the U.S. Army.<br /><br />[....]pay for coverage the insurance companies should have been held liable for but refused to pay.    The following is my poem about the health-care system taking care of our people.    Taking Care of Our People    Let's take care of the sick    They are dying in our streets;    Let's take care on the homeless    They are sleeping in the streets;    America has money to spare    Let's spend on the sick their share;    Build homes for the homeless,    Lift up humanity to where-    America is truly the Land Of The Free    And proud to be: The Hand Of The Brave!    Joseph S. Spence, Sr., is the co-author of two poetry books, A Trilogy of Poetry, Prose and Thoughts for the Mind, Body and Soul, and Trilogy Moments for the Mind, Body and Soul. He invented the Epulaeryu poetry form, which focuses on succulent cuisines and drinks. He is published in various forums, including the World Haiku Association; Milwaukee Area Technical College, Phoenix Magazine; and Taj Mahal Review. Joseph is a Goodwill Ambassador for the state of Arkansas, USA, and is an adjunct faculty at Milwaukee Area Technical College. He has completed over twenty years of service with the U.S. Army.    [....]
0930289234|5.0|One of the best drawn comic book I've ever come across.  The ways in which the panels flow into each other is beautiful.  The writing is also creative with a multi layered, deep, and thought provoking approach.  Definitely unsuitable for children due to a couple of sex scenes, lot of nudity, and realistic portrayal of violent subject matter.  The ending did not work for me though.  I found the reasons for the way things ended and the aftermath a lot less plausible than all the buildup that led to it.  That being said, this was still a masterwork of graphic storytelling.
B00004XMV6|4.0|John is an emotionally undeveloped wimp who seems to have a middle brain so dead he can't get it up in life without resorting to creating artificial scenarios to provoke the most basic drives in himself and his consort. Elizabeth is an unsophisticated and clueless girl who gets wrapped up in John's web of primitive taunts, but ultimately wakes up to his faux lifestyle. The movie is well executed to the point that the whole revolting mess is loudly and proudly portrayed. It's enough to make any reasonable person peauke. Great acting and directing. You'll want to see an action flick after this story just for relief. Give a copy to your kids as a great example of how not to live life.
B001FB55H6|4.0|The movie was a very faithful adaptation of the main plot line of the comic book, but a lot of the layering like the black freighter subplot, the details embedded in the psychological examination of Rorschach, and the complexities of Dr. Manhattan on Mars were removed.  The sex and violence is a lot more jarring here than it was in the comic, and the characterization of Ozymandias and the Comedian removes several of the gray areas depicted in the comic as well.  I loved both the comic and the movie, but one is a masterpiece of its genre, while the other is not.
B000TBXTEO|5.0|QUEER AS FOLK<br /><br />That is a series that can only be British. I remember in the early 60s, or is it slightly later, a theater that played one big success in London at the time in Charring Cross Road, \\"No sex Please, we are British\\". Times have changed and this series is quite typical of that change. Sex, sex and sex, stopping one inch from hardcore sex, and gay what's more. And yet that film is a lot more than these few erotic episodes. First it is deeply committed to diversity in sexual orientation. All the nuances and shades of gayness are exploited and shown in the most funny and comical way, never derisive, never aggressive, but always in a comic orientation of its own. You cannot imagine the diversity of shades and personalities you may or might find in this community. In fact you have to dip yourself in it, or even soak yourself in it to know. But be careful though to know what you're doing otherwise it might become another famous play on Charring Cross Road, viz. \\"The Mousetrap\\". Second it strikingly confront the problem of age in a sexual community that is too often marked by transience and instability, especially since these couples are not recognize by the law and do not have the right to marry and create a stable home. That implies gay people are more or less forced to cruise all their life, to be the hunter or to be the prey. That is so clearly shown with the main character who is practically never having two helpings of the same dish. But that is true till a fifteen year old boy he seduces decides to ask for more insistently. That makes the main hero Stuart think maybe he is losing something that will never come back, his youth and he maybe should think of the future and not only of the present, or at most the balance of the hunt and how many people, I mean men and boys, he has shagged. But Stuart has another problem with his childhood friend, Vince, who is gay too, who would like to get Stuart or who would like Stuart to get him, but he is shy and he does not want to find himself involved in the great unstable sexual looting of the vast world. So he gets attached to an older man and this episode, both for Stuart and his friend Vince, is a revelation, an epiphany. They discover they have something in common that they cannot find at all with anyone else, and that is exemplified with the various actors who played Doctor Who. They have a past in common, a tremendous level of personal commitment to each other, generally called friendship, and a sexual attraction and even passion they can easily release, provided they get away from their common environment that is a mousetrap to them, viz. Manchester. Third the series does not hesitate to show what sex is for young male teenagers (fifteen or so) and here the fifteen year old boy, Nathan, is our study case. Nathan, is the living example of that age. Provocative and yet shy, exhibitionistic and yet modest, passionate and yet reserved, light-headed by principle and yet over-thoughtful. In fact he knows one thing: he wants sex. He knows a second thing: he wants gay sex. He finds danger and difficulties exciting, so why not try the macho jock at school who is of course both straight and homophobic, even if... when he closes his eyes and lets himself go, he may accept a helping hand. But this young chick, Nathan, has to learn one thing: Stuart is too old for him. He, Nathan, can only be some kind of a cherry on a pile of ice-cream for Stuart's birthday or any other celebration. But he has nothing in common with Stuart except his sex and his sexual attraction and orientation. And that's the meaning of the second series. The first series had finished nothing at all and we were hanging in midair. But the second series gives an end to every character and the last episode ends up with a hot scene on a hot parking lot in the hot state of Arizona between the hot cities of Phoenix and Tucson with a hot gun and a not so hot contrite \\"Sorry!\\" from a hot muscular truck driver whocould very easily get involved in some hot gay bashing episode, like at the beginning of Stephen King's \\"IT\\". Just get the full two series and watch them for fun, enjoyment, and eventually, if you are in the proper mood and orientation, for pleasure.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGIDery easily get involved in some hot gay bashing episode, like at the beginning of Stephen King's \\"IT\\". Just get the full two series and watch them for fun, enjoyment, and eventually, if you are in the proper mood and orientation, for pleasure.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
1401216676|4.0|The artwork in this comic book is amazing with terrific transitions between colored panels depicting the present, and black and white panels depicting the flashbacks.  The writing however is not up to the same standards thought.  There are some clever lines, but the story on the whole is too predictable (except the very end).
B001GZ6QC4|2.0|Long, boring flick. Ledger alone kept me interested, every other part of this movie stunk. What the heck was with Batman's voice...? Get that man a butter menthol or at least make him clear out the phlegm. He sounded absurd.
B00005N919|5.0|Well, after much exhaustive work and buying three different DVD's of this film at Amazon, four have been produced so far bye-the-way.  As a reviewer said earlier the ASIN: B00005N919 on Amazon as 'Basic Instinct (Collector's Edition - Unrated) (1992)' is the version with the deleted scenes that the Director was forced to cut from the theatrical release back in 1992.  I have added a couple of pictures of the copy (3rd and 4th customer pictures in the picture list by me) that I received from a seller under the product ASIN: B00005N919, of the DVD case front and back with notes added for explaination.  By-the-way, there is no main picture on Amazon for this particular version of the DVD, only customer pictures and this is defineately the version to buy.  This DVD did come with the 'Ice Pick' and is still called a Special Edition because of that Ice Pick (pen) included.  I also bought another copy with ASIN: B000E5N684 and the Amazon title of 'Basic Instinct - Director's Cut (Ultimate Edition) (1992)' and that has a Sharon Stone interview (recently) added to it and is the last DVD copy (non blu-Ray) to be made.  I watched this version also and because it says Director's Cut and Unrated on the lower bottom part of the DVD case, it does have the left out scenes that were deleted in the theatrical release also.  The other one I bought ASIN: B00005N91B also came with the Ice Pick, but it only say's Special Edition on the DVD, this does not include the cut scenes in the theatrical release, but is a Special Edition because of the Ice Pick (pen).  Another reviewer did talk about the extra scenes in the UNRATED versions and what they include, so I will not go into that, just see his review for that info.  I hope this helps clarify the many different releases of this DVD that I have found so far here at Amazon.<br /><br />Also for you that do not know what an ASIN is, here you go:<br />All items in the Amazon catalog are identified by 10-digit ASINs (Amazon Standard Identification Numbers).  The ASIN search tool on their site is able to search for items by  ASIN. Amazon assigns these ASIN numbers, it helps them to ship the correct item.The ASIN search tool on their site is able to search for items by  ASIN. Amazon assigns these ASIN numbers, it helps them to ship the correct item.
159448385X|5.0|It starts out even more grim than the KiteRunner. I read it slowly at first, hating to be drawn into a horrible world where women and children are abused (and asking myself why I was reading it when The KiteRunner affected me the same way).  But the writing is amazing.  And the characters take hold and don't let go.  At the halfway point, I tried to read it at a measured gait, chapter by chapter.  But I had to pick up the pace in spite of my obligations. The writing is beautiful.  The book broke my heart, but I don't regret reading it.
6305428352|5.0|Glenn Holland is what all of us feel to be sometimes.  He entered a job he only took as a \\"fall back position\\" due to circumstances.  Life isnt always good to him, a musician with a son who is almost completely deaf and cannot share his passion for his work.  Little if no time to do what he loves most, which is compose a great work which will make him both rich, and famous.  Indeed, on some level, don' we all wish for that?  To pour forth our creativity and have the world applaud us for it?<br /><br />He teaches for 30 years before finally being told that he is being \\"downsized\\" and the school budget can no longer support the arts program.  To spend your whole life doing what you didnt even want to do in the first place, to only THEN be told there is no longer a need for you to do it?  Any of us would feel bitter and wonder if it was all worth it.<br /><br />But the final scene, when he is surprised by a collection of his students, both past and present, showing him that he in fact DID compose his magnus opus......in the minds and hearts of every single person he touched.  Yes, it smacks of Frank Capra.  Yes, it may seem unrealistic and downright schmaltzy on occasion.  But we as individuals NEED to know that our lives mattered.  We NEED to know that our lives touched others and left them the better for it. And even though we may never see the outpouring of love that Glenn Holland saw in his lifetime, we SHOULD celebrate those who have touched our lives.<br /><br />Thats my opinion, people.  I make no apologies for it.
B001GKYBXA|4.0|What 2 songs did Paul McCartney sing on the David Letterman show. and whats the name of his band   and whats the name of his newest album.
0385341075|4.0|This is a great book on many levels. The story, albeit fiction, revolves around the civil war in New Guinea in the 1990s that got little coverage in the media here in the West. The themes are numerous: mother/duaghter relationships, the impact of colonialism on a small island, poverty, war atrocities, the power of literature to transform lives, expectations, folk stories, mental illness, the impact a teacher can have on a child's life, and many more.     The book has a lyrical quality throughout and the narrator reports the changes going on around her with a keen eye--very balanced and dispassionate. Yet, the protagonist, Matilda, is a very sympathetic character and you will love her desire to transcend the circumstances of her life.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I purchased this DVD along with the Banish Fat, Boost Metabolism and No More Trouble Zones. I must say that I was blown away with the intensity of the workout. Jullian's advice and encouragement throughout was also very helpful.    I am a mom of a 5 month old and had a c-section. Also, I had stayed away from exercises (other than a little walking) ever since I became pregnant. Hence, I was apprehensive about doing this. The first day I did this workout, I was so tired that I almost wanted to puke. However, at the same time, I immensely enjoyed the workouts. All the exercises are to the point and you can feel your muscles getting toned. I have been alternating between the three DVDs for around a month now. It is already showing results.    To put things in perspective, even before I started the DVDs, I was back to my pre-pregnancy weight. Though I have a tendency to put on weight really quick and lose it really slow, through proper and balanced diet, I have managed to be on the slim side. So, my problem was not of excess weight but having the fat in the wrong places. My problem areas were my tummy, which with the pregnancy had gotten flabby and kind of loose; and my butt which was again not toned. With the exercises, I have started getting into shape. My pregnancy belly has completely disappeared and my tummy muscles and butt have gotten toned. In fact, I AM IN BETTER SHAPE THAN I WAS PRE-PREGNANCY.    I strongly urge ppl out there to do yourself the biggest favor you ever can and buy this DVD (along with the other 2 DVDs that I have mentioned above; Besides it just cost me around $30, which is less than one meal for 2 and this is the best investment that I have ever ever made). Keep in mind that this DVD works not just for women but also men. The days I exercise as per the DVD, I can actually feel happier and more in peace and far more energetic, than if I dont.    As I mentioned earlier, I have a 5 month old and I am a working mom. So, that is enough to occupy me the entire day and tire me out so that I am ever so ready to sleep around 9-9.30 pm) Just so that I can exercise, I get up at around 4 am (as that is the only time I get to exercise in one stretch without having to stop to attend to my child). This is how much I love this DVD and would not want to miss it.    Try it and you wont regret it ever.    Best of luck
B001U5V04O|2.0|Very disappointed of the sound. When I buy a pricey Blu-Ray disc from Opus Arte I expect exceptional sound quality. That is not the case with this disc. Regrettably anything else from the production to the singers becomes kind of irrelevant without good sound. The overture started very good. The orchestra is vibrant and with full sound. But once the singers appear you start looking for the sound, looking for anything wrong with the audio systems. The problem is the disc itself. What a pity!  (please see comments for updates)
B002DKF47O|5.0|Other than Hypocrisy, Behemoth is one of the only blackened death metal (that's black metal and death metal mixed together for the uninitiated) bands I thoroughly enjoy, with my favorite albums being Demigod and The Apostasy. For their full length Metal Blade debut, they fixed up the gears and tightened their performance, and also hired Colin Richardson (Machine Head, Chimaira, Trivium) to co-produce and mix to ensure that this album would be heavy. If the previous albums were like endless violent riots, then this album is more like a towering inferno of brutality. This release comes with a bonus dvd that features the making of Evangelion and the album photo shoot. For somebody who's real picky about how discs look, my only complaint is that the disc seems like it has these deep smudge marks on the inner ring that you can't rub out with a clean cloth. It may not be a big deal, but I've exchanged it numerous times even at other stores, and every disc has the same thing. Wondering if anybody else has it on theirs.<br /><br />Anyway, great album and great package. Check it out.
0762434260|1.0|This is a cheap worthless piece of junk. It broke immediately out of the box. It is not one piece, but 3. You have to screw them together. Don't waste your money. Seller would not replace.
B000002UB2|5.0|The record I ordered came in very quickly, was brand new still in the paper and plays great.  I love it and listen to it tons!  I trust this seller and would make future purchases from them.
0385342020|5.0|There are a few authors I would follow pretty much anywhere. Drastic changes in writing style or genera don't matter with these writers because I know that no matter what they're doing differently I'll still enjoy what they wrote.    Sophie Kinsella is one of these authors. This is how I ended up reading a ghost story.    Laura Lington is going through kind of a rough patch. The brand new head hunting business she started with an old school friend is not going well because the old friend ran off to live abroad with a guy she just met. And Laura's boyfriend Josh dumped her by email-with no apparent reason. Therefore it's not at all surprising that Laura is massively stressed out.    But stress can't explain what happens next.    While attending the extremely small and pathetic funeral for her great aunt Sadie (who was 105 before she died) Laura starts to hear a voice. A voice that gets louder. A voice that gets demanding. A voice that is screaming, \\"Where is my necklace?\\"    A voice only Laura can hear.    The voice is soon followed by a body of a young woman in twenties style clothing.    Whose name happens to be Sadie.    Laura's not sure if she's going crazy or not, but one thing is obvious. The only way to get Sadie to shut up is by doing what she wants-and what she wants is the funeral stopped until she has her treasured dragonfly necklace back. Laura goes along with it because having a ghost screaming in your ear can be pretty annoying and anyway, nobody else can help. Besides-how hard can this possibly be? And it's not like Sadie can do anything to make Laura's life more difficult-can she?     And so starts Laura's crazy adventure to track down the only thing that will let her great aunt rest properly-and uncover some crazy family secrets at the same time.    Like all of Kinsella's books this is a novel filled with funny little observations about life, dating, parents, men and making your way when you're just starting out in life. All of the cute little details that just scream Sophie Kinsella are present as well. But in spite of  its possibility for a slightly heavier  emotional context, \\"Twenties Girl\\" ends up being more cute than anything else. And yes, Cuteness is usually the main attraction to chick lit and Sophie Kinsella does write chick lit but after last years \\"Remember Me?\\" I guess I expected her next book would have a little more emotional intelligence to it.    Not that this isn't emotionally intelligent. It's just...well, the romance is barely laid out at all. Huge revelations end up being treated as a little silly. And though there is a lot of very sad stuff about how Sadie was treated by her family as she aged, the message about age devaluing people is never really punched home the way it could have been.     But when all is said and done the witty dialog, real messages about friendship and all the great twenties clothes are what will stick with you. I also loved that the major message in the book wasn't to cherish to your old people before they die, but to always remember that once upon a time we were all young.    Four point five stars.
B001KL3GWM|5.0|It's quite interesting to notice how TV appearances can alter sales of records on Amazon.  DTB's Already Free was at #524 before their appearance on Good Morning America Thursday morning. Low and behold, apply booster engine, and Already Free moves up to the #120's in one day+. Any new listeners of DTB, please go to the live shows and see a great live performance by a tight unit that's been playing together for 6+ years now.  I just saw the guys for the 6th time and had a terrific time yet again.  I am convinced that DT will go down as the greatest guitarist of his generation for his live performances alone.  Only 29, Derek will continue to grow, pleasantly surprise some long time fans, and add new ones. He's lightning in a bottle - catch him!
B001GCUER0|5.0|this is a great series, I can't belive none of the major networks picked it up.<br />This would have been a great replacement for some of the HBO series that ended!<br /><br />I love going back in time!<br /><br />Thanks AMC!!!<br /><br />Makes the young understand why the laws for employment protection & harasment were made. even down to littering.
0446618306|5.0|You know a book was well written, hate it or not, when you can't stop mulling over the characters ofttimes days after reading the last page.  I'm a Sparks fan, so yes, I'm biased and yes I loved everything about the story from the setting to the main characters to the ending even though it made me wince.  I felt Sparks communicated the struggles a soldier endures not only before, during, and after war, but the internal struggle to exist between two very different worlds, one abroad and in combat and the other \\"at home.\\"  This very real struggle is what propels the story and it grabbed me at the jugular from the very first page.  There are no political statements here and I loved that too.  Sparks was true to himself as a writer and kept to what he knows and does best, the study of the journey of human frailty as our relationships are subjected to things larger than ourselves.
B001F3FUK6|4.0|If you are very particular with video and audio quality, then this re-released version is much superior than the early release in 2006. I don't understand why many studios cannot get it right the first time! They would sell so many more blu-ray dvd's if they did so! I think the extra time taken to ensure that the video and audio quality is reference material will be well worth it (that is one of the reasons blu-ray owners buy blu-ray intead of regular dvd). I have made the mistake of buying some blu-ray dvd's and found that the quality was not much of an improvement over the regular dvd. I do understand that technology has changed since 2006 but have seen some blu-ray dvd's that were almost reference material.
B001TOD92C|4.0|Mickey Rourke plays Randy the Ram impeccably.  He is past-prime wrestler who cannot move on from the wrestling ring.  The movie shows how he tries and fails in other parts of his life, with his daughter, with his girl friend, with menial  jobs and addictions.<br /><br />The tipping point comes when Randy cannot recover from a wrestling match that had him on steroids and other drugs, and a wrestling partner that could only do staples - that had to be removed after the match.  The painful removal of the staples and Randy's old body reacting to the violence with a major heart attack causes him to take stock of his life.  He tries to re-attach to his daughter, he tries to have family again with his only friend, a stripper, with a 9 year old boy, and he also tries to work a regular job.  Nothing works.<br /><br />His life and everything he knows centers around the professional wrestling world of choreographed fights and a culture of drugs and adoring fans.  The camera work frames his life of wrestling - even as Randy the Ram walks up to work at the Deli Counter- the camera works its way through halls that remind you of the walk to the wrestling ring.  This is a challenge for Randy and he does his best, but it does not work.  He cannot go to that level as a 50 year old fading wrestler.<br /><br />The story is poignant with his isolation and transparent hope to move on.  It is also interesting to get a real glimpse into professional wresting.  Micky Rourke is perfect as an aging lion - and a casting that never overplays or underplays his part.
B001NLKT60|5.0|WOW.  Girl with the Dragon Tatoo was probably the best book I read last year.  This, the follow up, is just as good if not better.  I'm leaning towards better at the moment.  There is certainly more action in this book if not more mystery.  Whatever.  The best things about these two books have been the fantastic characters.  A few of them from the Dragon Tatoo are back and fleshed out a bit more.  Salander is revealed more - and boy does she kick some serious you know what.<br /><br />I had no intention of devouring this book the way I did, but its a page turner pure and simple.  I'm pretty sure I was finished in less than three days of evening reading.  Great stuff!  I'll be looking forward to the next one.
B00005JKDR|5.0|When I saw this movie as a kid, I thought it was pretty cool, infact I saw it twice. John Goodman and Billy Crystal was awesome.
B00005JO9J|5.0|My fav, One of the only shows I would not mind watching over and over and over...
B0028DRGDQ|5.0|This movie (remade over here in the states as Quarentine) is very intense in it pure horror aspect. The camera crew style of filming adds to the overall experience. Not recommended for anyone who suffers from motion sickness, so if you weren't able to handle The Blair Witch Project or Cloverfield or even the remake of this movie, then pass. It would be for you. An excellent cast help sell the whole experience. Even though in Spanish it doens't take away from the whole ordeal. It moves at a brisk pace that you won't even need to read the subtitles, let alone catch your breathe. Recommened for any horror buff or anyone looking for a scary good time. If subtitles aren't your thing, just go see Quarantine. It is basically a shot for shot movie of this with just a few changes here and there.
0307454541|3.0|I was excited to read this book after all of the rave reviews that it got. However, the reviews seemed to neglect several important points. First, since the book is set in Sweden, it makes reference to all sorts of towns and places you've never heard of. Second, the book uses eroupean spellings for common words (center is centre, etc.) And lastly, there are all sorts of references to Swedish history and their economy which most people know nothing about. The book was interesting, but I felt it was hampered by these downfalls.
0141439513|5.0|\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is one of those novels which most people know the plot and the characters even if they haven't read the book.  For myself, I had not read it in a long time, and I had also not seen any of the movies made using its plot, with the exception of the musical \\"Bride and Prejudice\\" a few years ago.  I finally made time for it, and it was better than I had remembered.  This was the second of Austen's novels to be published (published on January 28th, 1813), though the original novel (titled \\"First Impressions\\") was written between 1796 and 1797.  There is no way to determine how much of the original novel remains and how much was rewritten, but clearly the two dealt on a larger scale with the some of the same themes.<br /><br />The main character of the story is Elizabeth Bennet who lives with her parents and her four sisters in the fictional town of Meryton.  Elizabeth is the second eldest of the sisters after Jane.  Outside of the Bennets, there is a large cast of characters including the three Bingley's, brother and two sisters, Mr. Collins, The Darcy's, Lady Catherine and her daughter, Colonel Fitzwilliam, the Lucases, Mr. Wickham, and the Gardiner's who are Elizabeth's aunt and uncle.  The novel is told in three volumes, the first covers the period at Meryton where most of the key characters meet for the first time, the second covers the period after Bingley leaves Meryton unexpectedly along with those who came with him, and covers the period up to Elizabeth's visit to Mr. Darcy's home know as Pemberley, and the last covers the visit to Pemberley right through to the marriages and beyond.<br /><br />There are several plots running through the volumes.  There is the relationship between Bingley and Jane, which Mr. Darcy tries to put an end to, along with the help of Mr. Bingley's sisters.  There is Mr. Collins attempts to marry either Jane or Elizabeth, but ending up with Charlotte Lucas.  There is the relationship between Mr. Wickham and Mr. Darcyas well as between their families. There is Lydia's scandalous running off in volume three.  But by far the mail story line is the relationship between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy.<br /><br />In volume one, Mr. Darcy arrives as the guest of Mr. Bingley.  Mr. Darcy's prideful manner results in a negative first impression with Elizabeth whose pride is hurt by his attitude and she develops her own prejudice against Mr. Darcy as a result.  Mr. Darcy becomes intrigued with Elizabeth, but her own negative impression of him is reinforced by stories told by Mr. Wickham and Mr. Darcy's silent attitude towards her which she takes as his looking down on her.  Thus, first impressions play a big role in the story, though to be sure other first impressions, such as the first impression of Mr. Collins which is shared by nearly everyone are fairly accurate.<br /><br />In volume two, their relationship develops.  Mr. Darcy cannot ignore the feelings he has developed for Elizabeth and this results in three key events in this volume.  One is Mr. Darcy's declaration of feelings to Elizabeth.  The second is Elizabeth's stern rebuke of Mr. Darcy's feelings followed by an attack on his behavior towards the relationship between Jane and Mr. Bingley as well as Mr. Darcy's treatment of Mr. Wickham.  This leads to the third key event, which is Mr. Darcy's letter to Elizabeth where he sets the matter straight about his actions.  The second event results in Mr. Darcy writing the letter and changing his behavior, though we don't witness the latter until volume three.  The third event is important as the reader is privy to Elizabeth's change in attitude resulting from what Mr. Darcy has told her.<br /><br />In volume three, their relationship completes its change, as Elizabeth gets to know Mr. Darcy from where he lives, and by those who work for him, and she also learns about his character from actions he takes on behalf of her family, which he never means her to learn about.  We also witness the change in Mr. Darcy's behavior, not only towards Jane, but towards her entire family.  Of course, it is obvious that the two will end up together, but knowing the end does not spoil the journey.<br /><br />There is good reason why this book is a classic and why it is still read and enjoyed today.  The characters are believable and well rounded for the most part.  There is humor, societal and family challenges, and moral lessons weaved together throughout the book.  I can also recommend the Penguin Classics edition of this book, as it contains an introduction and notes by Vivien Jones, as well as an introduction written by Tony Tanner for an earlier edition of the book.  The introductions are both interesting reading, and the notes are useful as well.
0749453893|5.0|If in this digital era you wish to keep your library small, then this book is one to get! In a world characterized by ever increasing (nature of) change and new choices then two words stand out in the title \\"Understanding\\" and \\"Engaging\\" ; simply to say but difficult to deliver on.   Ryan and Jones provide new insights on the evolving landscape that is `digital marketing'; they do so in a way that is itself understanding and engaging without recourse to glib superficiality and give me the `what is' platform, so that I might better envision `what can be'!
B0000013G9|5.0|I was very impressed by the quick delivery of my cd. It plays great. Thank you.
B001GCUER0|4.0|This is one of the best series ever, and watching it \\"Marathon Style\\" is even better.  I grew up going to NYC during the time it takes place, and they really have done a good job with the details.  I don't usually own many DVDs or watch things over and over, but I wanted to share watching this with some friends and family, who missed it on TV.  I ended up seeing things I missed the first time.  The writing is so succinct.  There are no superfluous scenes or dialogue.  The acting  and characters are superb.
B002C2XXJY|5.0|This Album is wayyyy better than Don't Forget in so many ways.  I mean Don't Forget was AWESOME, but she definately topped it off with this record.   She has a more soulful feeling to her songs and it's very NICE.  I recommend this album because her songs are catchy and have nice tunes and you'll be singing them ALL DAY LONG!
0671015206|5.0|I read this book many, many years ago.  We (my wife and I) have always done well financially, but this book gave us an even further incentive to keep our financial activities in check.  In a sense, it has been my financial bible.  We've never paid a dime of credit card debt in 20 years of marriage! Now that we have a child, it is even more critical to maintain a strong financial posture.  After I read this book, we streamlined our lives - we sold our RV (that was just sitting in the driveway 99% of the time), we paid off my student loans, and we built up a huge amount of cash.  We are already at the millionaire mark relatively early in our lives, and just continue to work and save, but also (and this is important!), to have fun.  Managing money is all about being strategic, and not getting caught up in the high-cost life style that is often conveyed on TV and magazines.  Drive a Honda, live in an average sized house, don't buy everything you see, and of course, save some money - and you will be set for the rest of your life.  That is what this book is all about.  Another \\"companion\\" book that has helped me tremendously financially is \\"Making the Most of Your Money\\" by Quinn, and others like it.  One more tip, Stephen Covey (I believe?) says we should heed the wisdom of the ages that is conveyed in our history's literature.  This book is good advice and perspective, and it is all about having financial wisdom, savy, and the guts to say \\"no\\" to the Rolex and the Porsche and the expensive vacations in Hawaii.  And remember, small leaks sink big ships, but I still enjoy a Starbuck's now and then!  Enjoy this very well written book.  Walk the line and you will always end up in good place.
B001I82RVS|3.0|When reviewing any movie, you have to remember to take it for what it is.  I love this kind of mindless blood/gore fest, and I enjoyed it.  I almost gave it 4 stars, but there are just so many negative aspects to the flick, I just couldn't do it.  Let's face it...this is a typical Japanese bloodbath Animae acted out by real people.  The plot is not worth going into...even considering translation, the script in childish and puerile...the acting and special effects has good moments, but were both cheap, cheesy and below par overall.  But if that sort of thing bothers you, ya shouldn't even be looking into this kind of movie.  I expected all of those qualities before I went into this flick, so I was not surprised.  As far as cheap, cheesy, campy, one-step-above-gore-Animae flicks go, this movie probably deserves 4 stars...but as an overall movie goes, it hardly rates 1 star.  There's lot's of action, lots of blood...a few sexy scenes, but nothing too nasty...not a lot of nudity, hardly any, in fact.  It is ultra-violent...it gets a little gross in spots, but if you're even looking to buy a flick like this, that shouldn't bother you.  I like to get out corny, campy, worthless little bloodbath/gore-fests like this to watch every once in a while.  As I said, I loved this movie and I'm sure I'll get it out and watch it every so often.  Worthless, mindless, pointless ultra-violence often relaxes and soothes me after a long, hard day.  If you like real people acting out what is essentially a Japanese bloodbath Animae, I would give this 4 stars and recommend it as a great time with lots of blood and lots of fun.  As a real movie, I could not rate it as deserving more than 1 star.  Overall, 3 stars seemed to be the most reasonable rating.  I'm sure I will get this flick out and watch it whenever I'm in that 'special mood'.  If you know what it's like to find yourself in that 'special mood', give this movie a look.  You'll probably like it...and maybe get a few laughs.  If younever reach that 'special mood', this movie isn't for you.  Actually, where's my meat cleaver???  I think I'm slipping into that 'special mood' right now.....
B001K3JF7K|1.0|Hello, Diana? Hope you are doing fine. Me? I'm very frustrated since I just spent my money on a CD by someone who used to play jazz, and somehow I received a processed, boring pop album by someone who has stolen your identity and is producing CDs allegedly featuring you. This album is called Quiet Nights and...what?... this IS your album and that's YOU whisper-singing while the overbearing string orchestra grinds away, producing one of the lamest albums I have heard in many years? Well, Diana, that's the last album of yours I'll buy-unless you can get back to playing jazz, back to singing like the lyrics are meaningful for you.     It's too bad, because for quite a while I thought you were one of the best things to happen to jazz in a long time. I bought your albums and heard you live knowing that you were showing great respect for those wonderful songs from the past, letting a new generation know that jazz is still very much alive.     I have been listening to jazz for over 50 years, since I was a kid, and you impressed me so much with your singing and playing. I loved your early albums where you reached the deepest meaning of the lyrics, where your excellent piano work sparkled with joy. Then the jazz started to be overwhelmed by strings, strings and more strings. \\"Maybe she'll get back to her roots,\\" I thought. I read an interview of yours in which you stated that you make all the decisions about your albums and that you are under no pressure to conform to what your producers want you to play. \\"Surely she'll get back to playing jazz again,\\" I thought.     Quiet Nights proves how wrong I was. This album cannot even be considered adequate pop music, and it has nothing to do with the jazz that you once played, letting people know how many great songs have been written over the years. That's it, Diana, I'm looking elsewhere for the jazz I love so much. You clearly have a different vision for your career and I cannot support this decision. Hope you find your jazz roots.
1423101499|4.0|The fourth book of the clever, hilarious, action-packed young adult fantasy series finds son-of-Poseidon, demigod and hero, Percy Jackson and his best friend (and something more?) daughter-of-Athena, Annabeth, in the Labyrinth, searching for Daedalus in a race against Luke and the evil Titan Kronos. Percy has to face his guilt over his failure to save Nico's sister, cope with his increasingly dysfunctional family, battle evil and monsters at every turn, clean out a disgusting horse pen, and handle perhaps his greatest challenge of all: girls (particularly his relationship with Annabeth). Although the series has lost a bit of its freshness, its originality, and, while it is not particularly well-written or deep (particularly in terms of character or emotion), it is still one of the best fantasy series for young adults, not in the least because of its voice (very much a fifteen-year-old hero telling his story in a humorous tone) and--more significantly--because of its clever use of familiar Greek mythology, infused with the freshness of a contemporary setting and with contemporary themes and messages (particularly the definitions and implications of family ties). Mystery, adventure, romance, humor, clever images (i.e. Janus as a doorman, Hephestus as a mechanic, the Labyrinth sprawling under the entire United States) that please the Greek-myth-geek in all of us. Grade: A-
B00003CY6M|5.0|The dvd arrived earlier than I had expected.  It was in good shape.  Thank you.
B000FC1PNE|5.0|I have to say for me this was the best of the whole series. I love Colin's devotion to Penelope, once he realizes his feelings for her he doesn't even hesitate. I also love that Penelope isn't the classic beauty she's a regular person with flaws and still ends up with the hero. Its wonderful! I can't help but love it.
0143116371|3.0|It's hard to justify buying this book.  Although beautifully photographed with characteristically interesting subjects, these images have already been shown on The Sartorialist blog and Schuman's GQ page.  I imagined more of a big, glossy volume and at least a little bit of new photography (instead of new photos, though, there is some caption-style writing).  But as it turns out, the book's size is really fantastic, as is the use of thick matte paper.  It's also very well priced, so generally speaking my disappointment comes from the expectation of new material.      Schuman is a talented photographer and may be the pioneer of street-style blogs, but he isn't as talented as some of his peers.  For example, the French photographer Garance Dore is much more skilled in photography, which may be related to her artistic background as an illustrator.  She has a more developed eye for representing beautiful things (rather than just recognizing them), so even though her subjects are more or less the same as Schuman's her photos are much more satisfying to look at.
B00122PV3Q|4.0|This album was great when it first came out. Arguably the Doors' best album. What makes it even better is the re-mastering and re-mixing of most of the tracks. I'm sure there are purest out there who hate to see anything this good tempered with - but I think it makes a great album even better.    Why Re-master and re-mix?    There is only one reason a label will do this - to sell more copies to the same folks (like me) who already has a copy or two (LPs, Cass., CD). Just when I think I'm out, they pull me right back in. <grin> That's ok by me. I love this stuff and can't have too many copies of these classic albums. This is cleaner, clearer and better than the original, and I highly recommend it to previous Doors' fans.    If you are not currently a Doors' fan - try this one and you will be!
B001GAOY5U|5.0|I was given this from Amazon as a 3D movie but the 2D version was shipped by Amazon which was my first bad business deal with Amazon,I will not order 3D from Amazon again.But I did get it from Blockbuster, the 3D version.It was absolutely awesome in 3D.I didn't see many color seperations at all in this movie like in the old days of 3D. The Mining track was unbelievable.This would have been a great movie to set up a 4D in your room for the kids like they have at Disneyworld.Slime from the dino and water from them spitting would be a great 4D effect at home,just remember you have to clean the mess,lol.I hope the future 3D movies are just as great as this one.This one raises the bar pretty high.The only bad thing is I now have 2 of these movies and the one I got from Amazon I won't be watching.I still love Amazon but will look for 3D movies else where.Because when it is labeled on the sight as 3D ,then I should get the 3D version.Also,I have a 65\\" high def tv that made it REALLY feal great in 3D.I have a 2 yr old that I slipped the glasses on when they got to the one meter sticking out of the ground and he slid his head back and said \\"wooo.\\" I thought that was hilarious.
B0028K31CE|5.0|Oh how I have waited for someone of the proper caliber to bring it! This album takes you on a journey that leaves you wanting more. As always, the vocal arrangement fills your heart, the melodies grabs your ears and you are lost. Lost in a world of...real instruments being played (gasp) and actual vocals that haven't been auto-tuned (shock). Young ears today might not be able to appreciate all this plus ACTUAL LYRICS that tell a story worth listening too! If you can catch him live, OMG you will NEVER be dissappointed I assure you.<br /><br />His debut was a smash success, the sophmore set is my favorite, the 3rd I had a few gems, but this 1st installment of the 4th...yes, yes YES. Make you do that ugly face like you tasted something sour and bob your head to those beats.<br /><br />Whether you feel the revelation of Pretty Wings or the humanity of Help Somebody. Whether you know the addiction of Bad Habits or the pleadings of Playing Possum, this 1st installment will get to you one way or another. Of all 9 tracks, I have no favorite because this is, dare I say, no PROUDLY STATE, a SOLID ALBUM.<br /><br />Real music, unfiltered, somebody take notes and teach the babies. I had to testify.
0891419195|5.0|This is an engaging account of a marine who participated in the epic battles of the Pacific Campaign of WWII.  Highly recommended.
1400049628|4.0|this is a great book for any horror/ zombie fan out there. it is full of information and makes you feel you are ready for the undead to rise. i only had one problem with this title and that would be the chapter about weapons, which seemed uninformed about the flexability of some of the described weapons. a must have for any fan of the genre!
1416550542|5.0|This was a great book - tons of threads that Morten weaved together quite nicely. I was a little bothered by Linus and all the incest stuff as well as by the death of 2 year old Leo, but I suppose that was the point. But if you power thru that, it was worth it in the end. I look forward to reading House at Riverton next.
B000Q4RJWW|4.0|Back in the summer of 1997 there was a hit movie called Air Force One, with Harrison Ford [[ASIN:B00008K76V Clear and Present Danger (Special Collector's Edition)]] as the President who formulated a plan to stop a terrorist dictator in Kazakhstan.  Praised by the Russians, the President declares he will not back down or negotiate with terrorists.<br /><br />Those words would haunt him.<br /><br />A group of Russian reporters (a.k.a. the terrorists from Kazakhstan) get on board and with the help of a mole get into a gunfight on Air Force One.<br /><br />Now I don't know how realistic any of this really is:  bullets flying all over the plane and the plane apparently puncture-proof.  Or people jumping from a plane at 15000 feet without too much fear like they grew up jumping out of planes.<br /><br />Even so, with its faults, it was exciting entertainment.  Ford did get beat up a bit and as the body count rose and the hostages were getting eliminated, you began to wonder if he would ever prevail.<br /><br />The movie slowed considerably after the last terrorist got strangled by the President.  Yuk.  The whole \\"plane is falling apart\\" and \\"I'll go instead of you\\" got kinda old fast.  And Dean Stockwell [[ASIN:B00005JM3A Quantum Leap - The Complete First Season]] as the overacting, hyperventilating Secretary of Defense who tried to get the President's orders cancelled, I think was a distraction to the excitement on the plane.  Glenn Close [[ASIN:B00003CXA0 Fatal Attraction (Special Collector's Edition)]] played her role as vice-president well, though a bit of a shallow character.<br /><br />Gary Oldman [[ASIN:B000TGJ80S Bram Stoker's Dracula (Collector's Edition)]] played a pretty psychotic terrorist, foreshadowing later interesting roles as in Dracula or in that Batman flick!<br /><br />From a 9/11 perspective, it's like we saw September 2001 coming -- it was clear in this and other similar terrorist films of the 90s -- life imitates art it seems.<br /><br />Great popcorn entertainment for sure, if a bit slow and predictable.<br /><br />Other Ford Adventures:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005ATZT The Fugitive]]<br />[[ASIN:B00008K76V Clear and Present Danger (Special Collector's Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:B001E75QH0 Indiana Jones - The Complete Adventure Collection (Raiders of the Lost Ark/ Temple of Doom/ Last Crusade/ Kingdom of the Crystal Skull)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000IKHNT8 Star Wars Trilogy DVD with Exclusive Best Buy Tin (original theatrical releases) - Widescreen]]e.      Other Ford Adventures:    [[ASIN:B00005ATZT The Fugitive]]  [[ASIN:B00008K76V Clear and Present Danger (Special Collector's Edition)]]  [[ASIN:B001E75QH0 Indiana Jones - The Complete Adventure Collection (Raiders of the Lost Ark/ Temple of Doom/ Last Crusade/ Kingdom of the Crystal Skull)]]  [[ASIN:B000IKHNT8 Star Wars Trilogy DVD with Exclusive Best Buy Tin (original theatrical releases) - Widescreen]]
0061767581|2.0|Lauren Conrad, famous for playing herself on the MTV shows Laguna Beach and The Hills, has somehow been allowed to write a book for Young Adults, and the result is \\"L.A. Candy.\\" Jane and Scarlett are best friends that move to Los Angeles together.  While visiting a club one night, they are approached to appear on a reality show entitled L.A. Candy.  After the girls agree to star in the show, the book follows their lives as they discover that Reality TV may not be as real as television makes it out to be.    I picked this book up hoping for a fun guilty pleasure read, but was ultimately disappointed by a few things.    First, Lauren Conrad is not the strongest of authors. The dialogue and the storytelling is quite flat and uninteresting at times.  Hopefully as she releases more books, her writing skills increase, but \\"L.A. Candy\\" seemed quite amateur and I'm surprised that her publishing company allowed it to be released as it is.    Second, the pacing is quite off.  100+ pages are devoted to the set-up of the plot. Once the reality show starts filming, which should be the meat of the novel, it seemed like most details were rushed and glossed over.  Plus, the conflict and the climax were ultimately quite weak which leads the reader unsatisfied.    Finally, the ending did not work at all.  It is clearly meant to be a cliffhanger, but it feels more like the story is incomplete and is missing a proper conclusion.  I am alright with books that want to excite readers for the next book in the series, but not when it makes the current book feel like a story that is missing a proper conclusion.    Despite being a disappointment, it was fun reading how the characters viewed how reality television really worked and how the editors could portray an event differently from how it really happened. Conrad's experience definitely added a bit of interest to the otherwise flat story.    Still fresh off her stint on \\"The Hills,\\" Lauren Conrad's debut novel will definitely appeal to herfans of all ages. Despite a few questionable words, the majority of the book is otherwise quite clean. And while the book has been a hit, and I predict it will continue to sell well, I was disappointed by it and hope that Conrad improves with future books in the series. Conrad's experience and insider information with this industry definitely brought some credibility to this book, but the writing was weak, the characters were flat, the plot was rather uninteresting, and the ending was quite abrupt.  These faults are too overwhelming and hard to overlook what could have been a great guilty pleasure book.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The set arrived within two days and was spotless. I was very impressed with both the set and the service! I would definitely make another purchase
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|This review is not going to explain the story. I'm writing this to let the consumer know about all the good and bad things about this version.    Firstly, this Complete version made me very happy. They added scenes that were originally on the delete scenes on the first version, and they also revised some of the fight scenes.    Quality: The quality is fantastic. It should only be watched on a big screen TV to get all of the awesomeness. Enough said about that.    Music: The music for most of the scenes changed drastically. I have seen the original version well over 100 times in both Japanese and English and I could tell the differences in the music. In some scenes, the changes are better and more \\"epic\\". But in other scenes, the music change didn't fit well with me. They also changed some of the main fight scene songs, such as Chase of the Highway and also the song when Cloud goes to attempt to rescue the kids. I loved the original, so this version will take a little getting use to. However, they aren't bad changes.    Content: We got to see more Turks time and more Kadaj time. In other words: We get to see Tseng and Elena up close and not for just a split second like in the original. Rude and Reno have a whole scene to themselves and that part made me very happy. There were more scenes that focused on Kadaj and it led us into his world and existance. There are more close-up's of a lot of characters, including Kadaj, and it really shows us all the effort put into making the details come out crisp and clear.    Sounds&Effects: The sounds blew my head away. There are more details with sounds which really got to my head. For example....Sephiroths sword went \\"Shwing\\". IT WAS AWESOME! It really made me feel like he was ten times more dangerous because I got the feeling his sword was 100% sharper. Little things like that really added to the film and the story. Also, the effects are more detailed. Some effects really made the film feel more real, such as Cloud actually getting bloodied up (which is a scene that I would define as horrific). Even Reno gets \\"bloodied up\\" which made it feel real because that's what would happen if someone really did punch you in the face.    Subtitles:  I have yet to watch this Complete version in English. I had to watch it in Japanese when I first got it because it was more original that way.   And let me tell you, the subtitles aren't very good.  The original Advent Children had better subtitles. The subs on this Complete version are practically an exact copy of what the English Dub scribt was. It was horrible. I know more Japanese now than when I first saw AC, and I could catch all the problems with the subtitles.   HOWEVER, the subtitles didn't take away from the story, but it would have been a lot funnier and more interesting if it was like the original. For example: Reno and Rude's very famous shared line was changed. In the original version, the subtitles DID correctly translate that part. But for some reason, this Complete versions subtitles DID NOT translate the same. However, for the scenes that were added, they did an all right job with translating that.     Overall, this version rocks!  If you are a huge fan of the original like I am, then you WILL be satisfied with this version.    GO BUY IT NOW!
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|This must have been a great live concert because the DVD is a gem to have even though the visual is just another concert. But that visual (and great sound) captures two buddies strongly in control of but openly expressing their skills, and in mutual admiration of each other, complemented by damn good bass, drums and acompanying keyboards. The audience's appreciation makes this not just an historical recount but also a great DVD. It is essentially a Winwood concert strongly featuring Eric Clapton, bringing together Winwood's strong sense of soul and Clapton's blues within the rock base that the two have. It may seem crass to say but Clapton's sublime brilliance is now near boring and this DVD/concert shows how Clapton needs others, as he himself has said, to bring out the best in him. And Winwood's wonderful sense of soul, blues and rock gives Clapton the medium and company he needs. It is strongly Blind Faith but freely allows the forays into Traffic and their own respective solo careers. Although much of the concert has Winwood on organ or piano, the opening Had to Cry Today and the near end Can't Find My Way Home and Mr Fantasy are superb with Winwood and Clapton interacting on guitar. Winwood is not Clapton but Eric accommodates Winwood on guitar and leaves Steve to deal with Mr Fantasy. The Mr Fantasy ending is always rousing and on this occasion it is Eric and Steve playing an essentially Jimmy Page tune that was made famous by Jeff Beck. Nice thought I think. Then there's the strong driving Winwood soulful/rock influence and presentation with his own Pearly Queen and Hendricks' Voodee Child that Winwood partook in. The usual DVD extras with interviews add an extra dimension to the background and draw out Winwood and Clapton about who they are as musicians. An essential DVD for both historical and damn good musical reasons. Two master musicians who have similar but also complementary music producing spiriting renditions of their own and joint music. Great music, and nice visuals if only for the historical sense, make this an essential DVD.
B0002IQEHI|5.0|What do you get when you combine Cary Grant, Academy Award winner Eva Marie Saint, veteran stage and film actor James Mason and a well-written script with murder, espionage, romance, intrigue & some of the greatest chase scenes in cinema history? Why, it's...\\"Elementary.\\" You get \\"North By Northwest,\\" of course. Pay attention to the movie from the beginning, otherwise you'll be lost in the complex and amazing labyrinth of the movie with one of the most-literally-cliffhanging scenes in film. Hitchcock was a master at his art, and with this corker of a suspense thriller, it's easy to see why he was named The Master Of Suspense. Martin Landau and Leo G. Carroll also star in this witty cat-and-mouse thriller.  Everyone in the cast and crew was wonderful. If you haven't seen either this or any of Hitch's other movies, you're in for a real treat. This film is Not Rated.
B00136JPB0|2.0|I bought this basically because Hallelujah is such an amazing song for his phenomenal voice. I thought   wrongly that the other songs on here would be similar in nature. Well there are one or two that are sort of similar,   but mostly the songs, while showing his vocal range, are like 70's prog rock or something. I didn't like them at all.  I'm very very bummed about this purchase, I should have listened to more snippets of songs before I bought it.  I still love his voice, the guy sings like an angel, but these songs in my opinion are not the best showcase for it.
B000I2JDEY|5.0|Naked power pf Albee's incisive drama play is brought to the screen in a powerhouse ensemble.  In a world where Oscars are given for the performance of a decade Elizabeth Taylor would win it hands down because she sizzles, absolutely sizzles, in the characterization of a bitter wife who see-saws from the sensual, to the cynical and finally, to the pitiable.  Richard Burton delivers a smash portrayal, evoking sympathy during the public degradations to which his wife subjects him and is totally believable in the deliverance of his deliberate vengeance.  Dennis and Segal as the late night visitors are the dream supporting duo.<br /><br />An absolute bombshell of a movie !<br /><br />Dudley Ristow<br />Johannesburg South Africa.
0061537969|5.0|It has been a long time since I have been on such a roller coaster ride of emotions.  As I was reading our Golden Retriever came over put his chin on my leg and looked up at me with those \\"I want to talk to you eyes.\\" and I thought of Mongolia.  If you ever experienced the unconditional affection of a dog person, you will love this book.  Laugh, cry, mourne and rejoice, it has it all.  And some real pholosophical thought to boot
B0024FAR5W|5.0|Had not watched this show during the first season run, but I had customers asking about it for months now, so in seeing the Blu option I took a chance. The demand has been huge and the feedback has been excellent. A well produced show, a great cast, a gritty yet flowing soundtrack (Primal Scream, Lions, Bob Thiele, Curtis Stigers) all put together onto a solid Blu package.<br /><br />The picture quality through all 13 episodes maintained decently, with only a few failures here and there depending on the night footage. The DTS is mixed just well enough to hear such gems as a cigarette burning while the Harley floods the outer channels, or a dog barking out a rear channel that makes you jump, or one of the few bass scenes (thumping music) when they enter the Niners Club in Oakland. The music was actually done just right in each episode as to not drown out any peripheral chatter or relevant goings-on. The supplements are placed entirely on disc 3 and include:<br />* Making of - 9 minutes which initially I thought was way too short but it gets made up for with everything else.<br />* Ink - 4:45 clip on everything tatoo. Unfortunately none of them were real.<br />* Bikes - 7 minute blurb on everything one needs to know about each character's mc. Caters to the enthusiasts wondering about the specs.<br />* Casting - 15 minutes of audition tapes mixed in with interviews for each primary and secondary character. I liked Pileggi's take on showing people he can be bad (\\"not Skinner\\").<br />* Deleted scenes - 35 minutes, half of which should have been left in, especially with such gems (plot holes) as how those panties kept getting flushed, Segal's chest scar, the clothing optional bathroom scene, Prospect feeling the wrath for beating Elvis, Pine being more aware of Clay's feel on his kid, and more.<br />* Gag reel - 7 minutes that actually contained more highlights than gags, including every single kill of the season crammed into one minute, every single breast, butt and kiss shot montaged together, and the answer to that nagging question of what Tig really did in the morgue (he is just not right at all).<br />* Commentary on the last episode by a ton of cast and crew.<br /><br />The 3 disc set is a worthwhile owner for any fan of the series, and even though there are plenty of clarity fades and intermittent grain, the Blu package filled out nicely. Plenty of heated debates out there about the authenticity of the show, but Kurt Sutter was very honest about the research and stated no one would give him a single iota of material - he had to imagine all of this up. Congrats on making a competent brotherhood motorcycle club family drama.answer to that nagging question of what Tig really did in the morgue (he is just not right at all).  * Commentary on the last episode by a ton of cast and crew.    The 3 disc set is a worthwhile owner for any fan of the series, and even though there are plenty of clarity fades and intermittent grain, the Blu package filled out nicely. Plenty of heated debates out there about the authenticity of the show, but Kurt Sutter was very honest about the research and stated no one would give him a single iota of material - he had to imagine all of this up. Congrats on making a competent brotherhood motorcycle club family drama.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is by far the best Sci-Fi series ever made, and whomever the brain dead reject that cancelled it needs to be put out the nearest airlock! :)  One of the few series that has a believable premise, the technology is not too far fetched, society is far from perfect, etc.
B00260HH3K|4.0|I was a bit curious as to why they didn't have Goku's hair the right way, but at least the made it kindof wild in parts of the movie. I have watched DBZ since it first started airing in '97. I realize it is older than that but I still was a big fan. So when Cartoon Network started airing Dragonball in I think '02 I was a bit curious of it and realized it is based on Goku and came before DBZ. I enjoyed it very much. The movie does alter a few things from the cartoon like how his grandpa dies. They also alter Goku's origin which I thought was stupid and Piccolo for some reason doesn't have his antennae. But if you enjoyed DB for the fighting and well the kamehameha or Roshi being a Porn freak....then you will most likely enjoy this movie. I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would. But if you're that unsure do as I did and rent it. Althought I rented it for a buck. Well worth it in my opinion.
0446364495|1.0|Painful prose. I heard the author wrote this either tongue-in-cheek (which shows) or, after repeatedly failing to get published, decided to resort to writing a romance novel with contempt.  As I suffered thru it I pictured him writing it figuring, \\"If this is what the public wants, dammit, I can spew this drivel like the best of them.\\" I also recall hearing it took him only a few days to churn it out.  Shame on him.
B0021L8US0|5.0|This film is one of the most original and thought-provoking science fiction movies ever.  Director Neill Blokamp has said, in making his film, that he loved sci-fi, and that he only wanted to bring sci-fi to his native Johannesburg, and that the history of South Africa naturally brought forth different ideas for doing a sci-fi film.<br /><br />It surely does - to re-visit the history of apartheid in South Africa in this science fiction story is to re-visit the entire history of human oppression of other humans, with strong echoes of the casual genocides, enslavements, and/or forced re-settlements of countless peoples from history.  In fact, the farther we look, the more one begins to realize that there has never been a time in human history, or pre-history, when this sort of stuff was not going on - Did we eat the Neanderthals? asks a popular discussion forum here on Amazon.  Most assuredly, IMHO, the answer is YES.  And so here we are... instead of the Neanderthals...<br /><br />Blokamp's film is shot like a documentary, with talking heads speaking extemporaneously in flashback, lots of hand-held cameras, security camera-like footage, and the like.<br /><br />The story I will only briefly rehash here in this review without giving too much away.  Basically, a large alien spaceship has appeared, stranded in mid-air, over the city of Johannesburg, South Africa.  Its occupants are over a million giant crustacean-like creatures (close cousins in appearance to the alien in \\"Predator\\"), quickly labeled as \\"prawns\\".  Here, the story takes a twist - these fearsome-looking aliens are just like the lovable \\"E.T.\\" - peaceful, lost, and seeking only to get back home, they are  befuddled by humans, and their docile, passive nature makes them helpless to the depradations of humans trying to gain their weapons technology.  The alien weapons turn out to work only when contacted by alien DNA, and so begins the scheming to figure out how to get these weapons to function.<br /><br />The movie focuses on one Wikus Van De Merwe, a smiling and pleasant bureaucrat working for the giant corporation MNU.  In the beginning part of the movie, we watch through the lens of a cameraman following him around at work.  Wikus's friendly banter with co-workers, his upbraiding of heavily armed mercenaries to stick to the rules, his casual disregard for his own safety in the midst of confused and angry aliens, his happy, cheerful attitude towards committing atrocities while doing his work, and his ability to justify what he is doing to the \\"prawns\\", has a truly surreal, Monty-Pythonesque quality to it all.  It is not often that one sees a first class bureaucrat like him onscreen, and his character brings to mind two things: Hannah Arendt's comment about Adolph Eichmann as the \\"banality of evil\\", and of course, that other movie about wacko bureacrats out of control, Terry Gilliam's \\"Berlin\\".<br /><br />What Wikus does to the \\"prawns\\" in the early part of the movie includes unplugging the nourishment sources inside a shack full of fetal \\"prawns\\", handing a bottle-like feeding device to one of his guards and saying \\"here's a souvenir, it's your first abortion! heh, heh\\" and then continuing with a pleasant running commentary for the cameraman, describing the \\"popcorn\\" sounds of the exploding fetal aliens inside the shack, as his men burn it down.<br /><br />No, this is not a movie for the squeamish, or those easily disturbed by cruelty to animals, even crustaceans.<br /><br />The tables turn on Wikus when he accidentally sprays himself with this specially prepared fluid which the alien named Christopher has been preparing.  Christopher has been working on collecting and making this fluid for the last 20 years, and it holds the key to providing the power for their spaceship to leave Earth again.  The fluid also starts transforming Wikus into a \\"prawn\\", which coincidentally allows him to work the alien weapons.  And so the story goes into full action mode, as the MNU captures Wikus and tries to harvest him for their weapons program, Wikus escapes ... and well, you should go see this movie!!<br /><br />Sharlto Copley is the star of the movie, doing a fabulous portrayal of a middling bureacrat in way over his head, beginning as a cheerful \\"banality-of-evil\\" type, he transitions through a phase of sniveling deal-making trying to get himself out of this huge jam, before finally accepting his fate and the obvious, to become the hero of the movie.<br /><br />As a sci-fi movie, the cruelties and indignities visited upon these ugly-looking crustaceans inside their concentration camp may appear less obviously horrifying or unjust, but they should trigger one's sense of justice and fairness; this story is but a Rorschach test of the soul, as it is in truth nothing more than an allegory for human cruelty to other humans, describing the innate drive of humans to conquer or dominate other humans and species throughout the millenia.<br /><br />Why do these aliens, with such powerful weaponary, not use them on the humans, and why is it that they are so docile and passive?  The thought occurred to me afterwards, based on a comment from one of the talking heads early on in the film, that these aliens must have been a worker class, or perhaps were even slaves, and that maybe this alien ship was a slave ship with an absent and unseen master race of aliens.  That would explain a lot of things, but alien civilization could be structured a lot of different ways - we'll just have to see if I'm right, as there is talk of a much deserved sequel to this movie already.<br /><br />This is a movie that will leave you thinking long after you have seen it, and it is almost certain to become a classic of the sci-fi genre.pons program, Wikus escapes ... and well, you should go see this movie!!    Sharlto Copley is the star of the movie, doing a fabulous portrayal of a middling bureacrat in way over his head, beginning as a cheerful \\"banality-of-evil\\" type, he transitions through a phase of sniveling deal-making trying to get himself out of this huge jam, before finally accepting his fate and the obvious, to become the hero of the movie.       As a sci-fi movie, the cruelties and indignities visited upon these ugly-looking crustaceans inside their concentration camp may appear less obviously horrifying or unjust, but they should trigger one's sense of justice and fairness; this story is but a Rorschach test of the soul, as it is in truth nothing more than an allegory for human cruelty to other humans, describing the innate drive of humans to conquer or dominate other humans and species throughout the millenia.      Why do these aliens, with such powerful weaponary, not use them on the humans, and why is it that they are so docile and passive?  The thought occurred to me afterwards, based on a comment from one of the talking heads early on in the film, that these aliens must have been a worker class, or perhaps were even slaves, and that maybe this alien ship was a slave ship with an absent and unseen master race of aliens.  That would explain a lot of things, but alien civilization could be structured a lot of different ways - we'll just have to see if I'm right, as there is talk of a much deserved sequel to this movie already.      This is a movie that will leave you thinking long after you have seen it, and it is almost certain to become a classic of the sci-fi genre.
B001FB55H6|1.0|Terrible, boring, waste of time.  My husband and I both thought it was awful.  It was extremely slow and there was minimal action.  Don't bother watching it.
B0007MWZEK|3.0|I have to admit that I was taken in by the infomercial and figured, \\"what the heck\\".  I'm still giving it a try, and so far I would say that I am not totally displeased with the product. As long as you lower your expectations a bit and don't expect it to do everything the ad says, you won't be totally disappointed.  First, this sweeper does not work well on carpet.  It works well on tile, linoleum, wood or faux wood.  I really wanted something to sweep the kitchen and bathroom floors.  Having a dog and a teenager, this product does a great job of getting hair, crumbs, dirt, and the like cleaned up quickly and easily emptied.  Swivel Sweeper is much easier to use than a broom and dustpan.  You will need to remove the hair from the brushes often. As stated many times, do not overcharge the battery.  I have followed the directions and it does not hold a charge for very long.  I wait until the battery is completely dead before recharging and remove the battery after every use. The charge lasts long enough for me to clean the areas I want, but little more.  For what I expected, the product is adequate.  If you expect everything \\"AS Seen on TV\\", you will be very disappointed.  The jury is still out on whether the battery will last very long.  Most reviews here are not very encouraging for battery longevity.  I've had mine a week, so...<br /> I opted to get the original Swivel Sweeper on Amazon as opposed to the new version of Swivel Sweeper that charges $20.00 in addition to the already inflated price, for shipping and handling.  The original was free shipping.  Besides the new nifty handle, I see very little difference.
B000BKDOB6|5.0|I am a huge fan of Patti Smith.  This album is the best; at least until I hear 'Easter' and then the discussion starts over.  'Gloria' projects the attitude that is Patti Smith.  'Free Money' is a song that always sounds good.  Patti is a poet that wrote some of the best music history ever.
0385737424|5.0|Terrible title, great book.  Not a wasted word, beautifully constructed.  Even tho you might class this book as mystery or science fiction, its greatest strength is its relationships - not just between Miranda and the people in her life, but between Miranda and her neighborhood.  The evocation of 1979 NYC is wonderful.  Reading to my  7 year old Granddaughter I got to describe phone booths, life without cell phones, homelessness, mental disturbance, and the drugstore cowboys of my own youth.  That was almost as much fun as reading aloud.    This book is so good that we read 45 pages together before she tired.  An older child would surely be enthralled.
B00008A7QK|5.0|T-Rex fills a certain niche that can't be replicated. They are a little hippy-dippy with a heavy measure of glam rock. I think of them as 'summer music'; I always listen to them in the summer especially.  This is the album with 'bang a gong' on it; their most famous song.  Every song is a great donation to rock-n-roll history.
B0000004V2|5.0|I've often wondered how many bands have been set aside because of comparisons to another band?  I like to read the reviews to determine whether I should write a review of an album.  Can I add to what has already been said?  The only negative reviews of The Stone Roses debut seem to misunderstand their direct lineage.  This band follows the path beaten down by Jesus & Mary Chain, Echo & the Bunnymen, U2, REM,  New Order/Joy Division and possibly some of the 4AD label (I am sure their are others, these are the most notable).          While I am able to recognize references to these bands, Stone Roses diverges into paths that are unexpected.  On one listen I might be sure the band sounds like Jesus & Mary Chain, then I  notice the vocals sink into the mix and are less aggressive than Jesus & Mary Chain.   Maybe a J &M informed by REM, but wait that big bass stadium sound of U2, on and on, until I give up and just accept them as The Stone Roses plain and simple.  This is at once familiar and something new.  Most importantly, something drew ME in and kept ME listening.  This is an album that returns to my playlist often.         In the end, what makes an album great?  This album is the pinion of entire genres (Shoegazer_Dream Rock/Pop_My Bloody Valentine, et al) yet it doesn't fit comfortably into a specific genre.  Does it stand the test of time? Has for me.  Does that mean you will like it?  Not necessarily.  Has it influenced bands that followed? No doubt.  The Stone Roses is an eye piece peering back to some great bands and the foundation of some great bands that have followed.          Finally, great albums aren't always listen-able to the masses. One listens and appreciates .  Likewise, listen-able albums aren't necessarily great. The Stone Roses debut falls into that rare category that is, first and foremost, listen-able and, to those of us who immerse ourselves in way too much music consider to be, important and great.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I love this show. Why is it not being offered on Blu-ray? I won't settle for a regular DVD, I'll only spend my money on Blu-ray!
B0000VCZKM|1.0|I was so excited to see a \\"Special Anniversary Edition\\" for Annie.  I was sure it would be widescreen anamorphic.  But, alas, we Americans are given another \\"pan and scan\\" version of a \\"scope\\" movie.  Why?  It seems someone, somewhere, (and there seems to be a lot of \\"someone's\\") is hoping to kill the DVD and Blu-ray industry and thus worsen our economy.  (I include Blu-ray because we keep getting so many B movies released while the \\"Classics\\" are held back or offered first to other countries.)  Why are we getting such pittyful releases?  You now have to go to Australia or England to get the \\"goods\\".  Anyone in the \\"know\\" know why?  (This reviews the format not the movie itself.)
0439023483|5.0|Collins does an excellent job of character development in this novel where even the slightest of characters brings a bold perspective to the story.  The reader will almost immediately feel apart of this futuristic brutal world, yet find themselves guiltily drawn in by the morbidly extravagant structure and display of the \\"hunger games\\".  The author does a fantastic job of keeping you on the edge, while pulling you in deeper with her foreshadowing techniques of thought dialogue.  I thought it was an interesting play on war and politics in the metaphorical sense, however, it seemed to be the actual story itself that held most of it's ingenuity. touch, feel, smell, IMAGINE.
B0018LX9T4|5.0|This is about the freeing power of alternative lifestyle choices and how loving they can be, although on the surface they may appear otherwise.  I watched this movie 8/14/09 courtesy of Netflix and it is now my number one favorite movie. For people choosing this lifestyle, there was also a very good segment about \\"aftercare.\\"
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Without a doubt, this film is better on Blu-Ray.  But nevertheless, this film was everything that was missing in modern action films, most importantly - the emphasis on family. People have complained about the bright colors and fast paced races... this isn't NASCAR, it's Speed Racer!<br /><br />Don't listen to the critics, none of whom compared it to the original cartoon (probably because they had no appreciation for it's significance in animation history).  I personally rank this up with Citizen Kane and the Temptress as one of the greatest films ever made.  In 10 years, I promise you elements of this film are going to make their way slowly into more and more movies.
0316017922|1.0|Gladwell's conclusion that Steve Jobs and Bill Gates met their success through being able to have hands on experience with computers in their high school/college experience is totally inaccurate.<br /><br />Gladwell cites Bill Gates being one of the first high school kids EVER to have put in ten thousand hours of computer time before going to college.<br /><br />This is a total urban myth. I met Bill Gates and Paul Allen (the OTHER guy who founded Microsoft and the better programmer of the two) in the 70s after Bill had briefly attended Harvard. There were no personal computers for Bill to have put 10,000 hours into. Granted, there were S-100s, SS-50s and Altairs (which Paul and Bill wrote their first BASIC for), but 10,000 hours of computer time (mainframe or otherwise) for Bill (or Paul or anyone else in that era) never happened.<br /><br />I know. I was there. I ran the Seattle Computer Society and met all manner of later-to-be-famous geeks.
0345495004|3.0|I had high expectations for this novel, based on other people's reviews. However, I tend to be a littel pickier than most when it comes to Art History, as that is what I studied in college. I was expecting this to be a little more historical than it was. It was an ok read otherwise. Not something I will probably read again, and maybe not something I wil be recommending to my friends.
B002HFJ77S|5.0|I have had the joy of reading every single book by this delightful author (under both of her names), and this was the first to bring a tear to my eye and a lump in my throat.      Look,  I know this isn't tolstoy (thank heavens) or some other darling of the critics (I probably could have picked one from this century), but all I can say is that her characters are warm, flawed and totally loveable.  And it is so pleasant to find out that British women are every bit as screwed up (in a good way) as their cousins across the pond.    Tally Ho!
0451197968|5.0|Great Seller great buy
B001G0MFOM|5.0|Oh dear what negativety regarding the Final Season!  Hence my reason to write a small but apt review!  In my wee opinion I do think the show did a grand job with the Final Season and with all good productions outthere leaving the viewers with questions about who killed Jenny and the highs and lows in each of the characters lives was about treating the audience with intelligence and respect! Well done Actor's Encore! Encore! Yes it was fiction however the writers did a grand job in depicting a wide gamut of life events and experiences similar to our own real lifes including such great funny moments!  Most importantly the way the production ended in my opinion leaves the opportunity for another production to be made in the future something of which I am sure all the fans would welcome! Hello! when each of the characters smiled as they walked towards the police station in my opinion told us that neither of them were guilty it was actually Jennys pet poodle! Watch the show again and you will see the evidence throughout the seasons! Happy watching, reviewing, rewinding and enjoying!  This show was an all time success and I am sure it will be back to your shores again in the future the evidence is already out there.
B0021L8US0|5.0|District 9 is nothing short of a masterpiece. A taught, original and superbly paced story that maximizes it's modest budget and demonstrates that action/SciFi movies can be so much more than just explosions and the destruction of landmarks. The achievement is all the more impressive when you realize this film was really made by novices. Sharlto Copley stars in his first film role (literally FIRST) and gives a solid performance showing range, depth and authenticity that you'd expect from a veteran of stage and screen. Even more impressively Neil Blomkamp is directing his first feature film (he also cowrote the screenplay) as well and it's simply hard to fathom that fact when you see how well structured, paced and shot this film is. Despite having a small $30mil budget the effects in this film are superb. The film flies through exposition at breakneck speed that's a little dizzying at first and you wonder why they are going so fast -- until you get to the unforgettable third act of this film that is absolutely thrilling, edge of your seat excitement. The action is not just for action sake either. The film does a great job of getting you emotionally connected and invested in the well being of the characters.    The film is presented in a documentary style format that utilizes handheld camera shots augmented by cable newscast type coverage that helps the viewer get immersed in the unfolding drama. There are political undertones of segregation, immigration, police brutality, genocide and human rights but the movie handles them subtly and this does not come across in a heavy handed or preachy way. At it's core this is a sci fi action film anchored by a dramatic story that will have your head spinning and your hands clenched as the third act unfolds.    I saw this movie at a crowded opening night showing and was struck by how quiet the audience was during the movie. It was the quietest, most intensely focused audience I've been a member of in years. I credit that to the pacing of the film and the efficiency with which the story is told. There are no wasted moments of this film. No scenes that could have been cut. No special effects just for the sake of special effects (yeah, I'm talking to you Michael Bay). I believe that District 9 will become a classic film in the genre that generations from now will hold up and be a must see
B000002WYT|5.0|I can't believe how much I like this CD.  I am a new fan and asked a friend who is a fan for the name of the CD to start listening to their music and this was the one.  It's great - start to finish.  I only wish I'd discovered this band sooner.  The variety of instruments and the emotion Matthews puts into the songs is amazing.
B0021L8US0|5.0|Fantasy and Science Fiction.   Of all the genre's out there these two are the ones that have the most creative potential.  Unfortunately, most fantasy falls into the footsteps of Tolkien and most SF ends up in a galaxy far away, yet something we've seen a billion times before.   Thankfully, the minds behind DISTRICT 9 created a SF film that thinks OUTSIDE THE BOX.     An alien ship comes down to earth.  Now most other SF films would have you believe that the US is the only country on planet Earth, the only place where alien craft show up.  Most other SF films follow some unwritten rule that all aliens have to attack earth and are bent on destroying humanity.  Most other SF films depend heavily on Skywalkers, Spocks, characters similar to those and gratuitous amounts of Special Effects.  That is not the case in this movie.    If all you ever watch or expect of SF is \\"Science Fiction for the masses\\" then you're going to be disappointed.   But if you want something challenging and original, prefer GATTACA to INDEPENDENCE DAY and PAN'S LABYRINTH to DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS . . .   Then chances are you're in for a real treat!
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|I ordered my set about 3 weeks ago. I turned 40 this past August 6th. I wanted it in time for my birthday. I got it on August 11th, this past Tuesday. I have not stopped playing these CDs everyday! From the early J5 to the recent jams, it is just awesome! And a great birthday present to me. I had an 80's birthday party also. We had a moonwalking contest in MJ's honor. TAlk about fun! Michael Jackson was a gift from God. He used his gifts of music to bless us. I no longer cry when I hear his music. I cried the after the memorial service for about a week.  I am celebrating his life and not paying any attention to the media. The DVD will make you \\"tired\\" just from watching one of his songs. For him to dance and sing like that for 45 years! Wow! This collection is a must have for all true Michael Jackson/J5 fans. May he rest in peace and paradise! I love you Michael!Thank you for the real music, dancing and the memories. No one will ever come even close to MJ. EVER!!
0064430227|3.0|I grew up with Harold and the Purple Crayon, and I never have liked it. Actually, the part where he draws all of the windows and can't find his own gives me nightmares. The whole book has always freaked me out. But my 3-year-old likes it a lot. I just let his grandmother and great grandmother read it to him, instead of me :)
B0000041Z6|5.0|The various reviews of this collection are excellent - pro and con.  I stand with those who say Solti not only really lets it rip in the bombastic parts, but also beautifully conveys Mahler's quiet, sensitive passages.  (The finale of the 3rd is, in my mind, a prime example of Solti's carefully modulated handling of one of the best examples of Mahlerian melodrama.)     There is a reason Mahler symphonies are among the most performed by American and other orchestras -- they are crowd pleasers -- in the good sense I would add, like Shakespeare.  They convey the full range of human emotions and do so brilliantly, in ways that alternately make your hair stand on end, cause you to weep, and make you want to stand up and start waving your arms and jumping.      These recordings, with their thrilling playing, coherent directing, and wonderful clear sound, are performances we should share with our children and grandchildren.  More likely than not they will say \\"Wow, what was that?  Where can I download it?\\"
0385341008|4.0|My initial impression of the book was not favorable and, had I been in a place with other reading options, probably would not have finished it.  The voice of the heroine, Juliet, seemed lifted from a 1940s B-movie and I did not believe I would connect with the characters.  I'm so glad I kept on reading, however, because the story of the occupation of Guernsey during WWII is fascinating.  Also, the characters grew on me, I enjoyed the underlying love story, and there is unexpected wit. It reads like a movie and I'm sure will make a charming film someday.
B000PMGS8G|5.0|Hopefully this is what space travel will look like when we're all taking trips to Mars. The costumes and set designs are over-the-top and Queen's music is the perfect soundtrack. All the actors are perfect for their roles and spandex never looked better!
B0024RID6U|5.0|Great remaster and as another reviewer said, it's all about the Bass and the Drums.  Much greater clarity and depth and a noticeable improvement over the 1994 Virgin issues.  This is my 5th Stones remaster so far from this 2009 reissue campaign and I haven't been disappointed in any of them so far.
B0013LL2Z2|5.0|Visions of carousel continue to frighten me...I definitely don't want to end up in carousel. But those costumes look oh so fab so if I had to end up in a sci-fi movie world this might be it. It's too bad this new edition has artwork that doesn't use the original movie poster art because that was another element of the 70's charm.
B0028KGD8I|5.0|Season 1 was harrowing and chilling.  Season 2 was tense and dramatic.  Season 3 has it all.  It seems the writers (bless 'em) really hit their stride in this season.  Everyone gets their spotlight, and everyone shines like stainless steel in a hard spotlight.  I cannot enthuse enough about this season of the series.  If you haven't seen any Dexter, don't start here.  You'll miss the nuances of character development.  If you've been following Dexter you WILL find yourself captivated like you were on the slab in one of his killing rooms.  I will not give away any plot points.  Suffice to say that everyone from the directors to the actors to the writers have stepped up and delivered an epic plot arc.  This is my favorite season thus far, which is a strong statement when considering how amazing the 1st season was.  I cannot wait to see where Dexter and company go from here.
B000W796OM|4.0|I love the time warping aspect and the \\"kids\\" in this movie are at the age I picture them in the books. The visual look is wonderful as they are in all the Harry Potter movies and I've probably watched this over 10 times now so you can (obviously) tell I love this movie! I never end up watching any of the extras because I never find any of them that interesting, so on that count minus one star. The movie itself is a big thumbs up.
0486440966|3.0|The Limmeridge estate undergoes some dramatic changes after its master dies.  And now Miss Laura Fairlie is in a dilemma.  She has promised her moribund father that she'd marry Sir Percival Glyde.  This man is no dreamboat.  Ambitious, ruthless and cunning, he will do just about anything to marry Laura.  After all, there's a lot of money to be had in such a match.  Laura must fall for him.  But fate is not on his side.  Enter Walter Hartright, a somewhat respectable art teacher.  He falls for Laura... and that is where all of the drama unfolds.  Will Sir Percival give in?  Will Laura find protection from Walter, or will her sister Marian step in?  Who is the woman in white who Walter encounters on his way to London?  Is the chance encounter meaningless, or is she somehow related to the events that follow?<br /><br />And that is all I will say about this novel.  First published in 1860, The Woman in White is the proverbial Victorian novel full of forbidden romance and gothic suspense.  Wilkie Collins is also something of a social commentator in this book.  Oppositions to arranged marriages and the ways of its time are clear in tone and subplot.  The twists and turns are done in a great manner.  The ebb and flow had a bit of Dickens mixed with Emily Bronte to it that fascinated me.  But I'm disappointed with the fact that this novel does not showcase the gothic elements that I had hoped to get with this.  It does not deliver what it promises, and I had expected a lot with a title like The Woman in White.  The author also resorted to stereotypes when describing the villains.  For instance, Count Fosco is obese and unattractive and unpleasant -- the proverbial creepy villain type.  There are other examples, but I won't go into them right now.  Suffice to say that some of the characters fall under the caricature category.  The one big exception here is Marian.  I actually loved this character and how perceptive, intelligent and protective she is.  There's a bit of a feminist in her that I liked.  All in all, I don't love this book, but I don't hate it either.  This is the first time I read a Wilkie Collins novel.  I have never read Moonstone, though I've heard some wonderful things about it.  I did somewhat enjoy this book, so I may pick up Moonstone in the near future.nist in her that I liked.  All in all, I don't love this book, but I don't hate it either.  This is the first time I read a Wilkie Collins novel.  I have never read Moonstone, though I've heard some wonderful things about it.  I did somewhat enjoy this book, so I may pick up Moonstone in the near future.
0316010669|5.0|According to the theory of this book, people make internal judgements by \\"thin-slicing\\" in a mere 2 seconds.  Sound doubtful?  In theory, it makes sense.  In practice, I personally think it depends on the situation, and cannot be simplified in the \\"Blink\\" of an eye.  Time will tell, as more research is done, using a larger sampling group.  Arlene Millman  author of \\"Boomerang - A Miracle Trilogy\\" and  \\"Forever Love and More, Encore\\"
B00000DCHI|3.0|I was impressed with the quality of the music, but I was disappointed to see some hits from the singles charts missing, like \\"An Innocent Man\\" (1983) and \\"Honesty\\" (1979).    There are 25 songs on this two-CD set.  Billy Joel had 31 songs on the singles charts.      Note that Amazon fails to list track 11 on Volume I (\\"She's Always a Woman\\").
B00005JPFH|4.0|it was a good movie with solid action and a solid plot,although not as good as the first one.
0060263857|5.0|I would give this one TEN stars, if I could. Rather than say what has already been said, I would like to put down here that one of my very favorite parents in all of children's literature is right here in this book: Mr. Arable. In spite of years of hard work (presumably farming,though we are never really told), he had a mind full of magic enough, and a heart full of love enough, that he actually listened to his young daughter; and, in another chapter, repeatedly states that perhaps the animals WERE talking, perhaps Fern WAS telling the truth. In short, though an adult, he had never stopped believing in magic. I love him.
0887307280|5.0|I was looking for a book that cut to the chase and gave me the honest truth and not just clever copy writing that is amazing to read but difficult to apply.   This is a book that I will refer to over and over as my business grows. I have placed some of the systems into my business and the results so far have been outstanding.       This is a must read for all people who want to stay in business, continue to grow and have healthy profits.
B001VZY4M8|5.0|As we all know, Neil Young has famously resisted the remastered reissue of his huge catalogue on CD because of what he feels is the format's less than stellar representation of analogue tapes' 'original sound' - and almost a full 20 years after 1989's first issue of \\"Gold Rush\\" on a dullard CD - it looks like the guy is having the last laugh - because this meticulously prepared tape transfer is GLORIOUS. It really is.<br /><br />First to the details - \\"After The Gold Rush\\" was released in September 1970 on Reprise Records RS 6383 in the USA and RSLP 6383 in the UK (it went to Number 8 in the USA and Number 7 in the UK). This 2009 NYA OSR remaster (Neil Young Archives - Original Release Series) is Disc 3 of 4 and carries the HDCD code on the label and rear inlay (High Definition Compatible Disc). Until now, 2004's \\"Greatest Hits\\" set (which offered us three Gold Rush tracks remastered into HDCD sound quality) was the only real indication of just how good the album 'could' sound (this is the first time the 'entire' album has been given a sonic upgrade). The Audio Tape Restoration and Analog-To-HDCD Digital Transfer of the Original Master Tapes was carried out by JOHN NOWLAND (24-Bit 176 KHZ) with the Editing and Mastering done by TIM MULLIGAN - and they've done a stunning job.<br /><br />The inlay faithfully reproduces the foldout lyric sheet with his black and white grainy handwritten lyrics and the print isn't cramped either - it's very readable. (The Harvest inlay has the textured feel of the original LP sleeve and lyric insert too - a nice touch).<br /><br />Also - as these are the first four albums in a long reissue campaign - to identify them from the old CDs, the upper part of the outer spine has his new NYA OSR logo at the top and an 'issue' number beneath - D1, D2, D3, D4...on upwards of course.<br /><br />However, the big and obvious disappointment is the complete lack of musical extras or any new info in the booklet; they're in \\"The Archives Vol.1 1963-1972\\" box set that's still sitting in shop windows at varying extortionate prices. Still - at mid price - this remaster of \\"Gold Rush\\" is great value for money and with this hugely upgraded sound - it makes you focus on the music as is and not anything else.<br /><br />Some have complained that the sound is a little underwhelming after all the hype that has preceded these releases - I don't think that at all. The danger in remastering would be the cranking of everything, ultra-treble the lot - but I'm hearing ALL the instruments on this carefully prepared remaster - especially the bass and drums which now have a clarity that is so sweet rather than flashy. The sound is very subtle - there's no brashness, very little hiss. So many highlights - the meaty guitars of \\"Southern Man\\" and the slyly lovely cover of Don Gibson's \\"Oh Lonesome Me\\" is great too. But then there's a triple whammy of \\"Don't Let It Bring You Down\\", the beautiful \\"Birds\\" (lyrics above) and the rocking \\"When You Dance, I Can Really Love\\". Each is so beautifully done but in different ways. They're not bombastic, nor trebled up to the nines, but subtle - the music is just THERE in your speakers to a point where everything seems new and up for grabs again. Fans will love it and feel like they're revisited long cherished old friends while newcomers will now understand what all the 5-star fuss is about.<br /><br />The gold sticker on the jewel case of each of these issues states - \\"Because Sound Matters\\" - and although it took him a few decades, on the strength of this reissue, I think Rock's great curmudgeon was right to wait to get it right...which in many respects is the ultimate nod to his fans.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />PS: I've reviewed \\"Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere\\" and \\"Harvest\\" also - just as good soundwise...in shop windows at varying extortionate prices. Still - at mid price - this remaster of \\"Gold Rush\\" is great value for money and with this hugely upgraded sound - it makes you focus on the music as is and not anything else.     Some have complained that the sound is a little underwhelming after all the hype that has preceded these releases - I don't think that at all. The danger in remastering would be the cranking of everything, ultra-treble the lot - but I'm hearing ALL the instruments on this carefully prepared remaster - especially the bass and drums which now have a clarity that is so sweet rather than flashy. The sound is very subtle - there's no brashness, very little hiss. So many highlights - the meaty guitars of \\"Southern Man\\" and the slyly lovely cover of Don Gibson's \\"Oh Lonesome Me\\" is great too. But then there's a triple whammy of \\"Don't Let It Bring You Down\\", the beautiful \\"Birds\\" (lyrics above) and the rocking \\"When You Dance, I Can Really Love\\". Each is so beautifully done but in different ways. They're not bombastic, nor trebled up to the nines, but subtle - the music is just THERE in your speakers to a point where everything seems new and up for grabs again. Fans will love it and feel like they're revisited long cherished old friends while newcomers will now understand what all the 5-star fuss is about.     The gold sticker on the jewel case of each of these issues states - \\"Because Sound Matters\\" - and although it took him a few decades, on the strength of this reissue, I think Rock's great curmudgeon was right to wait to get it right...which in many respects is the ultimate nod to his fans.    Highly recommended.    PS: I've reviewed \\"Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere\\" and \\"Harvest\\" also - just as good soundwise...
B0026ZNL80|5.0|With the resurgence of prog over the last couple of decades, bands are constantly bubbling up from around the world and putting out albums that tantilize you with promise and talent.  Riverside's previous works have all fallen solidly into that catagory.  They've consistantly delivered and consistantly improved, but with Anno Domini HD, I really feel they've put themselves into the A list of prog.<br />All the elements of their former efforts are to be found here, Duda's moving and powerful voice, haunting lyrics and atmosphere, surprising rhythmic touches and rock solid musicianship, but this album has an even greater cohession and drive to it then previous works.  They've opened up the throttle a bit and turned up the amps just a notch or two.<br />The short version is this; If you've enjoyed their other albums you'll love this one.  If you're a fan of modern prog (Porcupine Tree, Dream Theater, Pain of Salvation, etc) and haven't heard them yet, add this one to your shopping list.
0515141429|2.0|Any decent mystery/adventure/thriller needs to follow Coleridge's dictum to achieve a \\"willing suspension of disbelief\\", i.e it must have a semblance of truth. Otherwise instead of being drawn into the story and characters your mind is just jammed with a repeating WTFs. I started reading the recent Reacher novels last year and I'm just now getting to the earlier ones. This starts off with the murder of a high level Secret Service official and there is no Federal response. None. Later, another one is killed and still no official FBI or Treasury Dept. action. Plus the Feds know unofficially that the local police dept. has been compromised. What FBI help is given must be covert so leadership doesn't know. WTF? While it wouldn't happen in the real-world, Reacher could have been working with a high level SS or FBI team who were using him for extra-legal activities to avenge their fallen comrades; yes a stretch, but the idea that there'd be no response at all is ludicrous. When a federal LE official goes down it's all hands on deck. The Reacher books are fantastical and I accept that and have enjoyed them up to now.
B000001Y2U|3.0|I probably have no business being here doing a review for this album. I believe in Jesus Christ, and that He's my saviour. However, I couldn't bury my head in the sand anymore praying for this man's soul. I to be honest found the music appealing which is dangerous. You get so csught up in the guitars, and the pounding mechanical beats you forget the lyrics, and these lyrics while not as scary as I thought at first, but they're still evil sounding. I only sampled this album as I am afraid of what I might hear if I played it all the way through. I need to keep an open mind as I know I heard Manson's speech on Family Values. Apparently like Christians all around the world Satanists are persecuted too. They are persecuted on both sides. They are persecuted by Christians for worshipping the evil one Satan, and they are persecuted by Satan himself. Satan doesn't like us people because we were created by God, and He loves us. I see Manson, and his bandmates as hurt souls. Hurt by people in society because they choose to look different, having alot of negativity over hurts in family, neighborhood, church, etc. They are looking for a source of strength and comfort, and Satan can give neither. He can put thoughts in your head and heart that make you react in a way that will hurt someone that will give you a false sense of strength, or to do something that will hurt you, but give you a false sense of comfort....meaning suicide. Satan isn't interested in helping you God is, and if you don't believe so I understand. There are times when I feel that God isn't helping me either. I have to remember Job however, and that it was Satan that went to God to ask permission to hurt Job because Job followed after God, and God blessed him. However, Satan said that if Job lost everything he would curse God, so to test him God allowed Satan to strike Job of his possessions, and his health.         Anyway back to the review of this album. I found the music to be appealing as I like buzzsaw guitars. The music on this album starts off with \\"Irresponsible Hate Anthem\\" which sounds like a live track, and it rocks. Other songs of interest here are: \\"Tourniqet\\", \\"1996\\", \\"Minute Of Decay\\". I found the vocals to be reminiscent of early Alice Cooper, I can't think of anyone else he could sound like. I don't know why I am at a loss of words here I used to listen to Black Sabbath, and found their first 4 albums to be rather good. I guess it's an issue of struggling with the liking of the music, and the intensity of the vocals. I guess I'm wanting to sound cool, and understanding, but am not doing a good job of either. As I said earlier I probably have no business doing a review for this album if I didn't put my whole heart into it. I chose to do one because I believe like the Holy Bible is a dangerous book so is this album. Excuse me... did I say the Holy Scriptures are dangerous? Indeed I did, and that's because it demands a commitment the same way Satan does. There's no room for straddling the fence. Manson makes this all too clear what he believes in here, and all I can say is: \\"If You Believe There Is No God Make Sure You're Right.\\"
0688101364|5.0|This book contains a very informative and interesting list of cookie recipes. Tasty and creative in their designs!!! Gave me a lot of new ideas on presentation and the variety possible in cookie making. Directions and layout are easy to follow
0393061310|5.0|I have read and enjoyed all of Diamond's books. This one, if not the best, of his works. Ignore the PBS video, it misses the details, and the details are what makes this thesis so compelling.
B0002J4ZWS|5.0|As a disabled state of Georgia Veteran (Corporal- CO2) Correctional Officer who worked in two different GA state prisons this is by far the most realistic, finest prison movie of all times. This well written and well filmed movie depicts exactly the way that real prison life is. OZ is pure fiction, but the Shawshank Redemption shows you the exact way that real prison life is.
0385340575|5.0|Jack Reacher is one of my favorite novel characters, so I'm excited when Lee Child puts out another installment in that series.  In Gone Tomorrow, Child delivers a classic Reacher mystery, putting Jack in the middle of something that has numerous layers and plenty of danger.  While Reacher's \\"I don't live anywhere or own anything\\" philosophy doesn't get a heavy workout here, his persistence and sense of duty certainly does.  This was not a read that I easy put down until I finished.<br /><br />Reacher is on a subway train headed into New York, and he sees a woman that triggers all the checkpoints on the suicide bomber behavior checklist.  As a former MP, he decides to approach her in an attempt to keep her and himself alive.  Instead of carrying a bomb, she has a gun and proceeds to commit suicide as Reacher is trying to talk her down from her obvious distress.  This death triggers more than just the local police, and when the feds and a mysterious 3rd party start asking Reacher for the information she was supposedly in possession of, he decides to act like he *does* have the information, just to see where this all leads.  As the different layers and characters emerge, Reacher soon has entire organizations, both federal and international, trying to get his information and then \\"erase\\" him from the scene.  The question becomes which one(s) are telling the truth, and which ones will he trust with the final answers.<br /><br />Child kept the pacing on this one tight.  Anywhere that Reacher showed up, there was a good chance that some group was already there ahead of him, wanting to take him out of the action.  Child was able to use Reacher's lack of roots effectively to keep him moving and flowing with whatever the changing environment threw at him.  His street fighting strengths also came into play, as most of the groups who wanted to \\"interview\\" him didn't care to play nice.  The fight scenes were well-detailed, and getting the look into Reacher's mind as he took on the killers made for interesting reading.  And finally, I was intrigued by Reacher's ability to take a normal scene or situation, and draw out tactical and strategic information to be used to get the information he needed.  Most people would miss 90% of what actually is going on.<br /><br />All in all, an excellent installment in the Reacher series, and I'm already looking forward for the next one.for interesting reading.  And finally, I was intrigued by Reacher's ability to take a normal scene or situation, and draw out tactical and strategic information to be used to get the information he needed.  Most people would miss 90% of what actually is going on.    All in all, an excellent installment in the Reacher series, and I'm already looking forward for the next one.
B0019LY5I2|4.0|this was a movie that I had wanted to see Just because of Channing Tatum and Dennis Quaid. I have to say it was worth it. Channing plays Duke Hauser who is in the military with his friend played by Marlon Wayans. they hav the task of getting four war heads to a private location when they get ambushed. and the fight is on. Duke relizes that the woman who was part of the attack is someone he knows. Duke meets Hawk who is the head of the G.I. Joes. hawk explains what is going on and duke explains who the woman is. one thing about the flim is that it has back flashes. this movie has action, comedy, and drama. hope you enjoy it!
B001CIPU3G|4.0|This is metal the way it used to be: good, tough, but with a sense of purpose in both the music and lyrics. This isn't loud for the sake of being loud. A lot of bands have lost sight of this today (which in some cases (Every Time I Die comes to mind) can actually be a good thing).<br /><br />Just six short months ago I had a very different opinion of this band. I had heard very little, in fact I think at that point I had only seen the \\"Entrance of the Conflagration\\" video and heard the critics speak (too much like Metallica yada yada). Much to my disinterest at the time, I found out they would be opening up for a Slipknot show that I was not going to be missing. Well I'm used to being totally disinterested in opening bands, and strangely enough I was actually MORE excited for the second act on the bill, Coheed and Cambria. Well it didn't take long to learn they only have one good song (\\"Welcome Home\\" is killer if you haven't heard it), but I digress. Anxiously awaiting the band I came to see, Trivium took the stage to a crowd that no-doubt had the same sentiment I did, which was \\"hurry up and get the hell out of here\\".<br /><br />Well it didn't take any longer than the first few riffs to get excited for these guys. They literally NEVER stop moving on stage, and they have more energy than, well even Slipknot these days. That says a lot. After that show I knew I had to check out their music, as much of it was quite rockin'. Some 5 months later I went back to see them on the Rockstar Mayhem Tour, and if they hadn't been on the bill, I probably would have skipped it. I just had that burning desire to watch them play once more. They're that good. Unfortunately, the set was plagued with technical difficulties (the lead singer's guitar stopped working a few times) and the bass player was a fill-in due to a dental emergency (seriously, you can't make that **** up). It was still pretty cool.<br /><br />Anyways, ON THE ALBUM I'm reviewing here. Shogun is without a doubt Trivium's best and most mature effort to date. The songs here have the raw power and punch to get you on your feet, making you want to rise up in some sort of mythical, Middle-Earth battle. Well, that's a little dorky, but you get the idea. The most awesome songs on this album are... (drumroll please) Kirisute Gomen, Down from the Sky, The Calamity (my fave), and He Who Spawned the Furies. Those are in album order, by the way. Check this one out, it's most definitely, as the Amazon reviewer claims, destined to be the metal album of the year. Except it came out last year. But hey, that's no reason it can't be the album of THIS year too. Well, maybe it is.re effort to date. The songs here have the raw power and punch to get you on your feet, making you want to rise up in some sort of mythical, Middle-Earth battle. Well, that's a little dorky, but you get the idea. The most awesome songs on this album are... (drumroll please) Kirisute Gomen, Down from the Sky, The Calamity (my fave), and He Who Spawned the Furies. Those are in album order, by the way. Check this one out, it's most definitely, as the Amazon reviewer claims, destined to be the metal album of the year. Except it came out last year. But hey, that's no reason it can't be the album of THIS year too. Well, maybe it is.
B0009DBXXG|5.0|I saw this when it first was on PBS.  I grew up watching Leonard Bernstein on the Young People's Concert series when I was young.  It was a real eye opener to see him through adult eyes.To see the passion he had for music and especially HIS music made this a wonderful documentary.  After reading some other people's review I was very afraid that time had colored my persective, but as I began to watch those same emotions came back as the first.  To watch one of the greatest 20th century composers interpret their music is a must for any musician and compsoer.
0156034565|5.0|A novel full of whimsy and delight, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a must-read for every fisheries biologist who also happens to be an Arabist.  Paul Torday fills his book with intriguing information, both on the nature of salmon recruitment and ideal oxygen levels, and daily cultural life in the Yemen, like references to the untouchable Yemeni class of the Akhdam.  (And it is a very rare book indeed that even acknowledges that they exist.)  I read this book while I was traveling through Yemen, and was enthralled with the accurate references to life I saw around me.<br /><br />But the novel is engaging purely on the story level.  Torday has an ingenious method of getting the reader's attention through a serious of progressively revealing emails, and then you are full bore into the lives of the protagonists, anxious to find out what happens next to Dr. Alfred Jones.  Torday continues the correspondence method, but you don't feel like you're reading letters, press releases, and inquisitions; you forget as you listen to the play-by-play conversations and developing emotions.  And though there is romance here, it doesn't develop at all as one might expect- nor, at the end, is the true romance with whom you expected.<br /><br />And for those who are interested, Torday has something to teach as well- in a purely non-overbearing manner.  There is religion, and there is spirituality, and not always are the two divided.  There is a knowledge of God, and the knowledge of one's Lord that comes from intimacy.  And contrary to what we often here in stereotypes of the world's religions, that intimacy can show up in some of the most surprising places.<br /><br />I have no reservations in declaring this the finest Yemen fish novel I've ever read. (And that actually says something- I found it slightly better than the other great Yemeni marine biology work, [[ASIN:0974707821 Pirates, Bats, And Dragons: A Science Adventure (Science Adventures)]].)  If you love the Middle East and you love fishes, you will love this book.ve this book.
B00288KNL8|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie!! It was very original and very creative with bright and very detailed animation. The voices suited all the characters well, and the plot wasn't predictable. You always wanted to know what was going to happen next. I definitely recommend this movie to people who enjoy movies that are very original and/ or use this type of animation like some of Tim Burton's movies. I do not recommend it for young children as some of the characters and scenes can be quite scary. It is definitely one of those films you will definite want to see again and again if you enjoy great movies!
B001NFNFIK|5.0|Having never read the books (I generally stick to non-fiction) I am happy to give this movie, the script, the actors, the entire experience, a solid five.  It kept me engrossed at a time when I was coping with a number of annoying issues difficult to resolve.<br /><br />Tommy Lee Jones has never disappointed.  This is neither your standard \\"fugitive\\" type film nor an overdone mystery weaving the past with the future.  It's delight5ful, intrigung, wholesome if you don't mind a little blood, and overall a perfect evening.
0765318741|5.0|I picked up this book after seeing the Will Smith movie and learning more about the movie(s) and where they came from.  Though I really enjyed the movie, the book is exceptional.<br /><br />If you have seen the movie you know the general concept of the book - due to an outbreak of some disease, humanity, except for one, has changed into vampires (the movies were more zombieish).<br /><br />The emotions of alienation and lonliness come through the pages, and there is more here than just a horror or science fiction story (which I read from time time, more so because of movies that I see more than anything else.) It is a debate on actions and what is justified.  It is trying to remain human in an inhuman world.<br /><br />And it is an egrossing story overall as he tries to solve mysteries surrounding his world.  The writing is able to bring us more into the mind and thoughts, which makes it ultimately more powerful than the movie.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|This a great purchase. It has all of the songs that he made. Great price for all the songs
0743201140|1.0|Before buying this book second hand, there should be a warning, that you will not be able to use code found on the inside of the paper cover to take the strengths finder profile online.  I feel that I spent money for nothing and ripped off!  I feel used!  There is also no information on how to be able to go online and pay to take the profile.  If you buy a second hand book, and find a way to pay to take the profile online, you will probably have spent more than if you had bought a brand new book.
0698116496|2.0|I am so disappointed with this book, especially after reading all the rave reviews.  There is absolutely nothing to the book.  The only words in it are \\"good night\\" and an animal name.   If not for the illustrations, I would have rated one star.  Absolutely not worth the price.  I've seen better books at Dollar General for $1.00! Seriously
B00127RAJY|5.0|MY INITIAL REVIEW:  I was looking for a workout DVD that I could use to supplement my regular exercise and I thought this one sounded great, as the workouts are only 20 minutes long. When I tried it, I realized it wasn't great - it was AMAZING! I cannot believe how Jillian can possibly pack so much fat burning into 20 minutes. I work out a fair amount and I was challenged by Level 1. But this DVD also has Levels 2 and 3 so you can progress as you get better!     I am now hooked on this DVD and looking forward to doing it every day! I have already seen a difference (after just a week) and the results are equivalent to spending an hour or more at the gym. Jillian is also really funny, in a kick-butt sort of way.     UPDATE AFTER 2 WEEKS:   After using this video (only Level 1) for about 2 weeks, I started getting pain in my knees. I first noticed it during the workout - specifically during the lunges. The pain was sharp and surprised me. I decided to just do \\"modified\\" lunges (not going down as far). It seemed better, but then I started noticing the pain during the modified lunges and during squats. Then the pain started kicking in during every day activities, like walking or going upstairs. I have never had any type of injury or knee pain and I've been athletic my whole life. I'm quite sure I have been doing the techniques properly, as I have been trained by many excellent athletic trainers over the years and did martial arts for many years. However, I believe the repetitive nature of the lunges and squats are just too much for my knees. After stopping the video altogether, my knees were back to feeling fine in about a week. Just be careful and listen to your body!
B001URY5IU|4.0|Very cute, new Star Wars Lego set. Easy to put together for your 6 year old with a nice amount of mini-figures.<br /><br />PRO's-5 nice and very cool mini-figures (2 Hoth Troopers, 2 Snowtroopers, Hoth Han Solo) plus a great looking Taun Taun figure (so I guess you could say 6 figures). Cool looking Snowtrooper weapon and a rotating gun turret with a hidden door and top hatch to hold a figure. Also neat is behind the 'snow' wall the two Hoth Troopers stand on a tilting platform. When you push down on the center section you can snap the figures into the air simulating an expolsion.<br /><br />CON's- The turret at times comes off too easily from the base but it's still very playable.<br /><br />I recommend it for younger Star Wars Lego fans and for fans looking for some neat figures.
0735619670|4.0|A very well-written, seminal book on software construction. It very effectively covers almost all of the important topics in software construction. This book partly also served as a revision of my software engineering classes in university. It very effectively, in fact blatantly reminds us that software engineering is all about managing complexity. However at the same time I have to be honest also in that it is not as \\"must have\\" as it is often projected. It also comes from the fact that for someone with 3-4+ years of professional experience, this book is not going to offer that much (though still recommended). With some 3.5 years working in industry, I already knew roughly some 70% of things told in this book. For example all those chapters on coding and naming conventions are not going to offer you much if you haven't already learned these things in first few years of your career. Many practices this book recommends are too good that are too obvious and many practices it condemns are too bad that make me wonder if people are really using them. Some chapters are really awesome, like \\"Design in Construction\\" and \\"Working Classes\\", some are very good such as \\"Managing Construction\\", most of them are good such as \\"Using Conditional\\" and \\"Unusual Control Structures\\", and a few are so so, e.g. \\"Layout and Style\\" , \\"Refactoring\\". Another problem with this book is that it is unnecessarily long, and verbose. It is composed of 35 chapters. In places it feels too redundant. In my opinion, the size of the book could have cut down by fixing these redundant things. e.g. why to include chapter 34, and why those Checklist sections? Also note that this book is more about coding than programming, e.g., it does not even remotely discuss data structures or algorithm analysis (Big O and stuff) etc.<br /><br />Summary: Highly recommended to beginners in professional software development, moderately recommended to people with some experience, and not necessarily recommended to veterans.
0393312836|5.0|This book was very good. When I read the reviews prior to my purchase I thought the made-up words would be limited, but in fact there were very many of them. At first reading was confusing but I became familiar with the language and had no trouble reading the book; in fact I enjoyed the different feel the book had.
B002DKGWSE|5.0|I just saw this movie last night and even though there was extreme violence and a graphic rape scene, I thought that the actions the parents took were justified.  I think they were justified because think what would you do if you found out that happened to a loved one.
1602728631|4.0|I first heard of this book on an art website where several people had done fan art for it.  I couldn't help it-I was intrigued more by the art than the actual plot.  So I ordered it on a whim and not expecting much, started reading it right before bed.  I couldn't put it down and wound up reading until morning.  From the first page, I felt hooked.  Silhara is a sarcastic, anti-social mage.  Martise is the plain, unremarkable woman sent to spy on him.  For a while, I wasn't sure if the author was going to be able to convincingly pull off this pairing.  In the end, these very different people suit each other well.  Martise softens Silhara.  I also thought the balance between fantasy and romance was well maintained.  However, I would love to see more books set in this world in order to fully explore the ins and outs of the world Grace Draven has written.  The only problem I had with this novel was in the first half or so when I was slightly confused by the passing of time.  In some places, it seemed like a day had gone by when it was really a week or vice versa.  In the end however, this did not detract from my thorough enjoyment of the novel.  This book has taught me not to be such a book snob.  This book was written by an author I've never heard of and a publishing company I have also never heard of.  And it was fantastic.
B001NLKT60|5.0|the characters Lisbeth Salander and Michael Blomkvist who fascinated us in TGWTDT are back with vengeance in a plot that delivers a slew of surprises. Lisbeth is revealed as ever more complex.  I can't wait for the 3rd in the series.  Is this how those Pottter fans feel?
B00136M0GC|5.0|i've had this cd for a couple of years now and i still listen to it constantly. i just keep loving it more and more. i think the very beginning of the very first song sounds kind of odd, but from then on it is beautiful and mellow and i can't get enough of it. i definitely agree that he sounds almost like a modern simon and garfunkel. i adore!
B001993Y2C|5.0|This show is excellent.  I am brand new to it.  I bought the Blu-Ray set based on recommendations and curiosity.  My wife and I have watched the first disc and we were not disappointed.  The show is quite addictive.  One ends, and even though we risk staying up too late we find it hard to resist watching the next episode.  Good stuff!    I have seen complaints about the packaging.  Yes, I feel they should have provided standard blu-ray cases (ones that can hold enough discs for each season). After all, the cost of this set is quite a premium price.  The main box is also too big to put on a DVD/Blu-Ray shelf.  This is not a problem for me since I put all the discs in a jukebox type holder anyway, and the box will just go into storage.    Some have complained about the cardboard disc holders.  Mine are fine.  They will not scratch the discs!  Blu-Rays have a strong protective coating.  The discs are easy to remove and put back.  I really don't see a problem with the cardboard disc holders other than they are not preferable Blu-Ray cases.      Don't let packaging complaints prevent you from this great series.  Right now this is the only way to get them all on Blu-Ray.  Highly recommended.
B001EO2UJK|3.0|This is probably my favorite Genesis era and a newly mastered version is something to celebrate. However, whoever is in charge of remastering albums should be flogged. The ongoing \\"loudness war\\" (Google it) is not resulting in \\"better\\" sound. I used to think remastered versions were somehow restored - kind of like how old movies are cleaned up and made to look new. Instead, engineers are just pumping up the volume so that on first listen (like at a CD store or online sample) the music sounds better. In fairness there is more to it than that but that is often the most noticeable change. To see this, load and old and remastered version of your favorite song into something like Audacity and note how much larger (i.e. higher amplitude) the waves are. Or just play and old and new version on the same stereo at the same volume level. If they keep doing this the peaks and valleys in the waveform get squished (compression) and you lose the dynamics of the music. You can also start clipping off the tops of peaks which isn't a good thing either and leads to a certain harshness in the music. Some music has been so overmastered as to be quite harsh - but depending on how you listen you might not care. [...]    As for this box set, it is not as poorly mastered as some. It definitely has had its volume pumped up resulting in some compression and harshness to the sound. If your normal way of listening to music is to rip it and listen via an MP3 player through low quality earbuds, on a car stereo, or at max volume as you party with friends you won't notice anything and will probably be quite happy with this set. If, on the other hand, you like to sit down in front of a pair of nice speakers, or you have some high end headphones, and really LISTEN to music you might not be all that impressed. I find there to be enough harshness to the sound as to be less pleasant to listen to with a somewhat tiring effect on the ears (perhaps somewhat less so if you get the vinyl set but I've not heard that except via a lossless digital version which probably isn't perfectly equal in terms of loudness, etc.). That said, it's not that bad and many people might not be all that sensitive to it. If you are someone who is sensitive, I would suggest finding a way to try before you buy.    Finally, there are times when this set sounds a bit different to my earlier copies. For example, the vocal effects on \\"The Knife\\" sound less pronounced and more hollow compared to my 1985 Charisma Records CD version (which is a cool collectors' edition with picture CDs). I like that version better than this new one. Tresspass is one of my favorite albums and I don't really enjoy listening to this new version. As always, your mileage may vary.
1400079179|5.0|Before reviewing the actual book I would like to say a few things.<br /><br />It is true, this is not the most original book in the world. Several novels,  movies, and so forth, have involved the Holy Grail, religious mysteries, Mary Magdalene, and so forth. The novel draws greatly upon the research of Henry Lincoln, one of the authors of The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail (or in America: Holy Blood, Holy Grail). It has been called a watered down version of Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum, but even Umberto's novel was said to have drawn upon the Illuminatus! trilogy of books. There are yet even other books with similar plots. Yet, each of these has it's own approach to these types of secret society and religious mystery. Yes, Dan Brown's book is not perfectly accurate on historical things but don't forget this is FICTIONAL novel. People are treating this like it is Holy Blood, Holy Grail. That book DOES present the theories as fact. This book presents the same things on a fictional level.<br /><br />If anything, if Dan Brown's novel gets people to think about what they believe and lead them to reading other such literature from the formentioned novel, has it not done some good? One could argue that Shakespeare is really not that great, or that many \\"legendary\\" writers are not that great. However I can see how if you have read these books before you might find it predictable. I however have not (yet)<br /><br />That being said, I gave this book the Tabula Rasa treatment. I found the book to be very interesting, addictive, and more in depth than the movie (which I did enjoy, but after reading the book I find the novel to be a much more fulfilling experience). It's a moderately thick book but I found it to be a very fast read because I just couldn't put it down. It gets you interested in things, I found myself looking up things it discussed often. It's a real thought provoking book and very entertaining. Considering there are about 3000 used copies for under a dollar, I reccomend you buy it. If you don't like it, you would not have spent very much.. If you don't like it, you would not have spent very much.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|First, this is a review of the movie, not the DVD as I saw Mamma Mia! in the theater.<br /><br />I only went to see the beautiful Greek scenery, having no interest in seeing a musical, nor in Abba songs, nor in Mamma Mia! the musical from stage.  I expected to be a bit bored, and boy was I happily mistaken!<br /><br />This movie is a whole lot of fun.  The actors are great.  There is madcap sort of storyline about a woman who raises her daughter alone on a Greek island and the men who may be that girl's father.  It's great fun, over the top, madcap, even silly humor.  The songs fit right in and just add to the fun spirit of the movie.  What a great summer movie this is.<br /><br />I don't recall every plot twist and turn, but do recall feeling very happy and entertained.  It's a very upbeat movie.<br /><br />And of course, the scenery is beautiful.
0312330537|4.0|I am somewhat ambivalent about this book. I share some of the concerns of other reviewers; the writing is obvious, even cheesy on occasion, and the story seems self-serving. I put the book down a few times but the story is so compelling I picked it up again and read on. The best thing about this book--and I grant that this is genuine skill on the writer's part--is that the story appears to unfold effortlessly. The narrative is crystal clear and compelling and makes for considerable reading pleasure. The other plus is that the author's exploits offer a glimpse of a world few of us would have the chance, or courage, to enter.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|If you can spare the coin, definitely pick up this set. As a former Marine myself, it captures better than any series or movie on Marines I have previously seen, the emotions and interaction of Marines in combat and while at ease. The language used, while crude to some, only made me smile as I could close my eyes and recall the time I served. If you want a taste of what it's like to be around the greatest group of fighting men on Earth, pick up this set.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|This movie is one of the best period pieces and adaptations that I have seen.  I loved every moment of it-- almost more than reading the book.  Not only is the movie wonderful, the soundtrack and score are so appropriate and serene.  I downloaded the soundtrack because of the energy and peace that the score evokes in every scene of the movie.  This film is well done, well acted, and should be an essential in every video library.
1416550534|4.0|In \\"The House at Riverton,\\" Kate Morton's debut novel, themes of duty, sacrifice and love are explored extensively from the eyes of the main character, the attractive albeit oblivious Grace, a one-time servant for the Hartford family at the great house at Riverton during the time period that precedes and follows the first World War.  Told in first person narrative, most of the tale is told in retrospect from the older Grace's ninety-nine year old vantage point, catapulted into remembrance when contacted by a filmmaker desiring to capture the events of a scandal/suicide that coincided with her days at the manor.<br /><br />From the get-go, the older Grace hints at discrepancies in the official newspaper coverage of the time, declaring to herself and the reader that the actual events are known only to herself as the sole living witness and will soon be disclosed to her mystery-writing grandson for whom the tell-all narrative serves as a panacea to both their psychological ills.  However, when the secret that Grace holds so dear and at the expense of her own happiness finally announces itself through her exposition, it doesn't hold the weight that it should and is surely ferreted out by even the least discerning reader before the final pages.  Like a tale from Dickens, the multitude of characters past and present serendipitously and opportunely connect in ways that can only occur in fiction, tying up numerous loose threads in a pretty tapestry that whispers of a past era that the author portrays with great skill.<br /><br />Morton creates a simple woman with attributes not unlike the characters made famous by Barbara Taylor Bradford in her \\"[[ASIN:0312588887 A Woman of Substance]]\\" series.  Besieged by the time period's caste system of servants and their betters, Grace struggles with her identity, wistfully wanting to belong as her mother's daughter, as a member of the `Downstairs' household and a part of the extended family of `Upstairs' nobles for whom she serves.  In the same breathe she desires to excel at her tasks, no matter how great or small, putting into each thing she tackles her supreme sense of duty which on almost all counts conflicts with her quest for an independent happiness of her own.<br /><br />While the actual mystery does not really sustain a book of 400+ pages, Grace's story as told against the backdrop of the tumultuous time circa WWI works very well to illustrate the angst, flux and ennui of a generation beset by war and the misery that ensues from it.<br /><br />Especially poignant is Morton's portrayal of Alfred, another servant at Riverton, who after returning from the war experiences the trauma of being shell-shocked and cultivates a distaste and a disdain for the upper classes that he was taught to serve without question. Morton exquisitely renders the nuanced plight of another character, the older Hartford sister, Hannah, caught by her social caste and her sense of bored futility with whom Grace wishes to share an almost familial solidarity.  The characters embody a sense of the times and its crises of which Morton can be proud.<br /><br />Unlike Morton's second novel, \\"The House at Riverton\\" stands on its own as a good read that is not convoluted by the constant time shift from present to past.  The fact that one character does all the reminiscing makes the overall structure easier to follow than the labyrinthine 600+ pages involving three characters weaving back and forth on a time span that covers an entire century of teeming life found in \\"[[ASIN:1416550542 The Forgotten Garden: A Novel]].\\"  Morton's style and theme--the depiction of an old English manor, its secrets and servants--covers familiar ground.  However, the blatant tributes to the Gothic tale are more subtle here. Morton's gentler fashioning  delivers a more cohesive offering that compels the reader to keep turning the pages in order to transport back to another era and its sensibilities.  The solving of the rather predictable mysterybecomes secondary to character development and mindset.<br /><br />Bottom line:  In terms of style and tone, \\"The House at Riverton\\" combines a bit of the acclaimed Masterpiece Theatre series \\"[[ASIN:B000AYEIWC Upstairs, Downstairs - Collector's Edition Megaset (The Complete Series plus Thomas and Sarah)]]\\" with the strong characterizations in Barbara Taylor Bradford's \\"A Woman of Substance.\\"  With the use of first person flashback, her main character, Grace Bradley exonerates what she can only deem her guilt stemming from a life of sacrifice and service.  Recommended as a quick read that reverberates with the energy of 1920s England.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"development and mindset.      Bottom line:  In terms of style and tone, \\"The House at Riverton\\" combines a bit of the acclaimed Masterpiece Theatre series \\"[[ASIN:B000AYEIWC Upstairs, Downstairs - Collector's Edition Megaset (The Complete Series plus Thomas and Sarah)]]\\" with the strong characterizations in Barbara Taylor Bradford's \\"A Woman of Substance.\\"  With the use of first person flashback, her main character, Grace Bradley exonerates what she can only deem her guilt stemming from a life of sacrifice and service.  Recommended as a quick read that reverberates with the energy of 1920s England.   Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
0399226907|5.0|My grandchidren really enjoy going through this book - the bright illustartions are very enticing. Makes great reading for little kids.
B001PR0YBM|4.0|From Hayao Miyazaki, the master of Japanese animation, comes a story similar to The Little Mermaid, where a small and ever-so-cute fish-like female becomes infatuated with a land dwelling male, and moves heaven and earth, and a lot of ocean to try to make her dream come true.<br /><br />Short attention span summary (SASS):<br /><br />1. Fish girl lives with her father and siblings in an aquarium-like home inside a really cool submarine with flippers.<br />2. Headstrong and clever, she sneaks out to see the surface, and encounters the debris of human civilization, immediately getting into trouble.<br />3. She is rescued by a young boy, and a strong bond is forged between the two.<br />4. Daddy comes to the rescue to save his kidnapped child<br />5. ... but finds that girls just wanna have fun<br />6. Everything goes topsy-turvy until her mother shows up<br /><br />Ponyo is a wonderfully entertaining movie for young children, and although not as strong in plot as Miyazaki's other movies like Princess Mononoke or Howl's Moving Castle, the animation is excellent, and the story will touch your heart.<br /><br />There is no shortage of voice talent, with Noah Cyrus (Miley's little sister) as Ponyo, Frankie (the bonus) Jonas as her friend Sosuke, and also Tina Fey, Matt Damon, Liam Neeson, Cate Blanchett, Cloris Leachman, Betty White and Lily Tomlin.<br /><br />This is one to see with the entire family, but falls just short of perfect with a few too many inexplicable elements.  Recommended for the fantastic animation, simple plot, characters and ecological message, and very strongly recommended for families with young children.<br /><br />Rated: 4.5 stars<br /><br />Amanda Richards, August 15, 2009
B0028K31CE|4.0|I bought this CD because I'm a loyal Maxwell listener who's been jonesin' so bad for some mellow smooth I fooled myself into believing some of these young R&B guys who've been puttin' out albums these past few years could actually sing.    Silly me.    It only took the first three notes of BLACK to remind me what true vocal prowess is. After that, I was sho-nuf back in audio love with the maestro.     Seems like so many folks wanted the brotha to stay in his musical place. I guess they were looking for Urban Hang Suite--The Second Coming. I confess, if Maxwell had rubbed a little sumthin' sumthin' into the flesh of his BLACK notes, I would not have been mad. But this CD is not the body-to-body soul immersion of his previous works. It is the first movement in what sounds like a distinctively new direction for Maxwell.     So, I listen, sing along, and tell myself this is the first of three. The kiss before he \\"locks it low.\\" BLACK is the \\"Once upon a time . . . \\" Hold on family. The rest of the story is coming.     Right now, I think Maxwell is dipping his toe in the acoustic river, checking the temperature. Judging by album sales, the water is still hot for you, man. Keep bringing the rain.
B002EDH0FE|1.0|I rented this movie for $4 and I overpaid by $3. It is horrible from the beginning to end. It always looks like it's gonna turn around and become worth watching but it never does.....NEVER!     I gave it 1 star and that's only because some of the \\"special fx\\" were good [not great]. The story line is horrible and the ending is so bad that you have to see it to believe it but, I wouldn't wish that on you and you're just a stranger reading this review.     Bad! Bad! Grab Your Money and Run Away!
B0025X4OYI|5.0|This album is as good as it gets.  I am 68 years old and lift weights 4 hours a week and use this album to keep me in rhythm and keep me uplifted and happy.  I absolutely love sit.
B001PR0Y6C|5.0|I saw this at a double feature at the drive in.(The first movie was transformers ugh)   Thank God the proposal was funny and it exceded my exceptions.Its about a guy who is a secretary to snippy Boss Lady Margaret.She is getting deported so she asks him to marry her and promises to get his book published. He has great time getting her back in the most passive aggressive ways possible. I laughed so hard I got the hiccups at the drive in. I was not the only one laughing. You could hear people laughing inside their cars.  Mary Steenburgen ,Sandra Bullock and Betty White are all classic comic actors,They have a knack for injecting humour into a simple scene or a line without trying too hard. Ryan Reynolds has eyes like a muppet character. He wiggles them all around ,making funny expressions and is great as the reluctant groom.This script is simple but well written enough to make you care about each character. I was just happy to see Sandra Bullock again she took a little break there for a while.  The best part is when Sandra Bullock gets stuck Meditating with Nanna(Betty White). She meditates by singing a rap song. What sets this movie apart is that it reminds me of those great old black and white movies from the forties that are classics for a reason.
B00270CS6K|5.0|Half the fun of this movie is the music and how it was incorporated into the film.  This soundtrack is a great mix of songs that are a lot of fun to listen to on their on own, with some great sound clips added in.  A big thumbs up!
B001RTSPVY|5.0|I would like to give this series 4 stars instead of 5 because I can't say that I enjoy watching it.  However, I can't grade something down because it is too good, too excellent.  It is painful to watch.  This is because the central figure has morphed into being a very tragic figure with nothing but further tragedy looming on the horizon.  Bryan Cranston, previously a situation comedy actor, plays this tragic figure, a high school teacher who learns he has terminal cancer.  His response to this news is a growing and overpowering rage.  He had suppressed this rage up to this point in his life but he had two cancers inside of him.  One was his lung cancer and the other was a cancer of the spirit brought about by his not becoming the big deal in chemistry that he was slated to become along with his best friend.  He screwed that up and ended up being a high school chem teacher.  He also ended up with sky high expenses since he has a son with cerebral palsy and his wife is pregnant again.  In Arthur Miller's ALL MY SONS, the lead character, a father and plane manufacturer during WWII, manufactures faulty planes for WWII pilots.  They fly to their deaths in them.  He lets these flawed planes go because he too wants to be a big deal and cannot handle being a failure.  So he is willing to kill these boys to preserve his own ego.  Likewise, Walt is willing to kill a whole generation of young people by making and selling crystal meth so he can salve his own ego, his own rage at how he did not end up becoming who he should have been.  There are supporting characters too.  His young sometimes partner Jesse is one of these doomed young people, a drug taker who can't get out of his own way.  Even better is his brother-in-law, a DEA agent who is clueless as to Walt's being a drug dealer but supports him in every way in his battle against cancer.  It is difficult to watch an ongoing tragedy unfold weekly but Bryan Cranston is doing the acting job of a lifetime with this character and he has won two consecutive emmy awards for doing so.  It is unbelievable that this is a tv show.  Only now, where there is so much choice in tv, would this be possible.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.d he has won two consecutive emmy awards for doing so.  It is unbelievable that this is a tv show.  Only now, where there is so much choice in tv, would this be possible.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00284BMBM|5.0|Daughtry! Their sound is great, their lyrics are clever. Best of all; the lyrics are clean. I can let my kids listen to this record. The songs are about life and relationships minus the innuendoes. If you like 3 Doors Down, you'll like Daughtry. If only Nickleback cleaned-up their lyrics, maybe I would let my kids listen to them, too.
B00000JQFM|5.0|This was a break threw album for this artist. It was also the first of his recordings I heard of and I have been a fan ever since. However the original recording wasnt so well done but this remastered version is much better.
B001AW156U|5.0|Bought these Giotech triggers for $3.99 w/ free ship from Amazon, and I already had a pair of Real Triggers that Gamestop sold me at one of the B&M stores - both of these things are the exact same in feel, dimensions, thickness, etc.  But Gamestop's cost me $4.99 and tax and Amazon's was $3.99 w/ no tax and free shipping (these are great filler items to get over $25)    If you've never used these kinds of triggers before, I HIGHLY suggest you try them out - it feels weird at first, like an ergonomic keyboard, but once you get used to it you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
0060920084|1.0|The short version: I love Bryson's other books, I hated this one.    Why?    #1. Mean-spirited whining about how he hates everything. That got old real fast.  #2. Not much in it that's funny. I don't think I cracked a smile the whole way. It lacked the wit of Bryson's other books, and so was stale and boring.  #3. Gratuitous use of profanity. I'm not some old church lady, so spare the \\"Prude\\" comments. I just don't see that the profanity added anything at all. It wasn't funny, it was out of place--like he just threw it in hoping it would make the stuff around it funny. It didn't.    If you've never read Bryson's work, skip this one and start with anything else he's written. If you like Bryson's work and want to read everything he ever wrote, still, don't buy this one. Maybe borrow it from your library, because you won't be reading it again.
B001UW58YU|1.0|After playing the dvd about 10 times the start menu disappeared. Amazon replaced the dvd with another, but the same thing happened, after a few viewings the start menu would not appear. I complained to amazon and they returned my purchase price and took the dvd off their site. I am completely satisfied with amazon's handling of this issue; it appears that the supplier was less than reputable. When the dvd played, it was very entertaining and the recoding quality was very good.
B00005QGAX|5.0|This CD brings back many memories and includes a few surprises, great for playing in the car
B0021L8US0|5.0|Where do I start?  I had very little idea what this film was going in, and I think I can thank Jackson and the studio for keeping the trailers pretty cryptic.  If you're anything like me, you prefer as little information as possible.  Then just go see this film.  If you're not convinced, read on...<br /><br />Aliens arrive and we have no idea why.  We do know their journey has not gone according to plan.  Like countless ancient voyages on our own world, something has gone terribly wrong for them.  They're just hovering over a South African city and don't even get out.  Were they just passing through and had mechanical trouble, an illness, or an accident on board?  Was it an invasion force originally?  Was it a ship intentionally sent to make contact over a dangerous, long-distance voyage after detecting Earth?  Again, we don't know.  There's a casual explanation the characters have settled on as likely, but it's inconclusive.<br /><br />Now, the idea you have this big high tech ship, all these technicians and workers who are starving on board, and no apparent ability to get it going completely changes the normal sci fi dynamic of powerful, nearly immortal beings, with complete control over their faculties, their hardware, and clear goals in mind.  This huge crew is borderline Donner Party and appears in total anarchy.  Maybe this was just the nearest habitable planet they could get to?  Dry land as they were running out of food and power?<br /><br />Humans, the resident natives, take a form of pity on them to the extent that a fairly short-sighted international attempt is made (think the UN) to assist these visitors, provide impromptu shelter, and feed them.  Of course, they were hovering over South Africa, so they're now living in slums directly below, with a poorly organized & conceptualized multinational (cough) organization administering, and a particularly influential international corporation doing contract work.  Did I mention there were like hundreds of thousands of beings that look like walking crustaceans on board?<br /><br />Short-lived good-intentions.  Racial slurs.  Meat eating.  Cannibalism.  Third world population control.  African corruption.  African criminal undergrounds.  African slums.  African mysticism.  Xenophobia.  Corporate corruption.  Multinationals ineptitudes.  Cultural insensitivity.  Greed.  Unauthorized medical experimentation.  Violence.  Forced relocations.  Fear.  Fear mongering.  And, oh, loads of unintended consequences that real life is so full of.<br /><br />Most intriguing of all in this film, how mundane the aliens are by human standards, once you get past the physiological differences...which we never seem to.  When foreigners on Earth showed up in high-tech ships, natives always assumed more from the visitors than was justified.  Gods.  Immortality.  Secret powers behind their technologies that could never be learned.  And most of all, an assumption of fundamental difference.  Yet without a single exception ever, the visitors were not gods.  They could be injured quite easily.  Their technologies could be adapted.  And the fundamental nature of intelligent beings was essentially identical, regardless of skin color, the shape of nose, height, or language.<br /><br />This film is an astounding exploration of an ordinary story line but with an extra ordinary attempt at realism, historical precedent, and attention to detail.  This is not G.I. Joe.  Everything in this film oozes believability.  From the lack of super intelligence in the aliens themselves, to the shanty towns, to the desert haze obscuring the giant mother ship in the distance, to the convoys, and on and on.  The people who worked on District 9 worked their butts off royally.  In fact, I am not overstating when I say there are no animatronic or CGI seams apparent whatsoever.  This is truly the first special effects film I can say there was nothing artificial or synthetic about its look...ever.<br /><br />There are some provisos.  The film is offensive.  It's harsh.  It's graphic.  Much of the first half is also a very fast-paced, documentary-style attempt to get us up to speed with the events of the past twenty years.  At first you might find yourself looking around going, this is still being set-up and divulged?  Yet the semi-linear intertwining of previously recorded footage, interviews, with a present-moment narrative (that actually isn't present) works exceedingly well.  It's engaging sufficient to keep you constantly surprised, impressed, disgusted, and curious to find out more along this build-up.  The turn it takes I won't spoil, but it is worth the effort to have watched attentively.<br /><br />My reactions in the first few minutes were a mix of thinking I was watching something a bit juvenile & rushed, then getting disturbed, and finally a series of continuous moments of being impressed the hell out of by what this film was achieving.  It's not amazing in its plotting, its solving of a puzzle, beautiful art direction (it's actually gritty, dirty, and totally naturalistic), or stunning lighting & photographic composition.  It's not an art film for its esthetics, but for its ideas, substance, and a complete rejection of esthetic for any other purpose but to suspend disbelief.  It is speculative and philosophical fiction of the highest and most challenging caliber, and I highly recommend it to adults.ic.  Much of the first half is also a very fast-paced, documentary-style attempt to get us up to speed with the events of the past twenty years.  At first you might find yourself looking around going, this is still being set-up and divulged?  Yet the semi-linear intertwining of previously recorded footage, interviews, with a present-moment narrative (that actually isn't present) works exceedingly well.  It's engaging sufficient to keep you constantly surprised, impressed, disgusted, and curious to find out more along this build-up.  The turn it takes I won't spoil, but it is worth the effort to have watched attentively.    My reactions in the first few minutes were a mix of thinking I was watching something a bit juvenile & rushed, then getting disturbed, and finally a series of continuous moments of being impressed the hell out of by what this film was achieving.  It's not amazing in its plotting, its solving of a puzzle, beautiful art direction (it's actually gritty, dirty, and totally naturalistic), or stunning lighting & photographic composition.  It's not an art film for its esthetics, but for its ideas, substance, and a complete rejection of esthetic for any other purpose but to suspend disbelief.  It is speculative and philosophical fiction of the highest and most challenging caliber, and I highly recommend it to adults.
B000088E6D|5.0|Michael Buble is a perfect blend of Harry Connick, Jr. and Dean Martin with a little bit of Elvis Presley. I LOVE his voice.
0307269981|5.0|The first book was incredibly engaging with its own plot, rich and deep. The second speeds by because you have developed such strong feelings for Salander and are hoping against hope that everything works out. I for one am happy with this bridge between the The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo's start to Lisbeth and Mikaels' stories and the climax that I hope will answer all questions in the Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest. Another good thing is that when the third book comes out, I get to read the first two all over again so I can segue seamlessly into the sequel. Unbelievable fun, unbelievable entertainment, unbelievable letdown that I reached the last page.
B002A9OJ0Q|2.0|Seriously this is the best they could do?! I'm in agreement with the other non-five star reviews posted here. Dave Gesphert \\"radical347\\" review is bang on.    With the exception of 'Riding the Crest' every song sounds the same no catchy rhythms, beats or lyrics. You won't find yourself humming along, tapping your toes or even having a lyric stuck in your head long after a listen -- in a word \\"unmemorable\\".    'Riding the Crest' has the most potential as a radio friendly single but they need to lose the awkward vocal transition \\"...some sugar to make the pill go down..\\" just painful to listen to. Hopefully someone will make a remix and leave that part out. At best this is background music for some mellow party -- to say they are back to form or this is on par with their early work is a stretch.    If you must buy this at least do yourself a favour and download it from their website for half the price you can get it from Amazon.    Off to listen to 'Hunting High and Low' or 'East of the Sun, West of the Moon' just so I can remember how amazing they can be!
B001PR0YBM|4.0|I adore Hayao Miyazaki and his animated films. I feel his films are geared both to children and adults. I love how Hayao has stuck to his guns and continued with the traditional hand drawn animation in this day and age of computer generated images. His latest film is PONYO. I just caught a viewing of the film. Unfortunately the version I saw was the english dubbed version but I guess that was intended to attract a larger audience. Small children probably wouldn't want to deal with subtitles.<br /><br />Anyhoo...the story of PONYO is pretty simple. Ponyo (Noah Cyrus, Miley's younger sister) is a goldfish who wants to become human after she meets Sosuke (Frankie Jonas) and becomes his friend. The basic friendship theme of the film reminded me a bit like another Miyazaki film MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO. It is pretty obvious the audience Miyazaki was aiming for at the younger crowd but I saw plenty of adults without children at the theater I was at. As an adult, I loved the film. Sometimes it is good that a film isn't so heavy handed in subject matter like pollution like in Miyazaki's earlier films. Normally I prefer the Japanese version to the english version in Miyazaki's films but I honestly didn't mind it this time around except for Noah Cyrus who frankly is only famous because of her (no talent) father and older sister. I enjoyed the rest of the cast which includes Tina Fey, Liam Neeson, Betty White, Lily Tomlin, and Cloris Leachman.<br /><br />The only thing I really didn't care for about the film was the ending. The ending definitely could have been better. All in all though, the film was thoroughly entertaining. Hayao Miyazaki did not disappoint me with his latest cinematic offering.
B0021L8US0|5.0|District 9 is not for the weak at heart or the casual viewer. It is a powerful movie that should be seen for what it is; a glimpse at true human nature. The \\"aliens\\" are just a metaphor for any race of people be it indians, black, jewish, middle eastern,... whoever is the escape goat of the minute. The director does a wonderful job of first displaying the welfare/imigration department as working for the \\"benefit\\" of the alien. However, the alien isn't really smart enough to know what is good for them so we are going to have to use some force. Then a racist slur is dressed up (Prawn) along with some twiking of what humans would consider \\"crazy\\" behavior and we have groomed our follower/audience.  The audience was completely quite during this film. I really wonder how many people got the message of this film? I hope is was a lot. Definately worth going to see and I will purchace the DVD. As far a a sequel I hope that it's something that has an answer for all of us. Because leaving the theater I overheard several young boys people say there wasn't enough fighting. While I would love to write about different scenes,I don't want to spoil the experience for future viewers. Challenge yourself,family and friends over this film. It is worth the discussion and would be a learning experience to be shared with all of our generations.
B0021L8US0|4.0|After reading all the glowing reviews I expected one of the greatest Sci-Fi films in years. While District 9 is truly interesting and very unique, I don't quite think it's a masterpiece. It is good, very good at that. The visual effects are very well done thanks to Peter Jackson's Weta Digital involvement. The movie has almost a documentary look and feel most of the time, much like Cloverfield, but without all the shakey camera moments. The sense of realism really adds to the experience here. This is probably what would happen if a disgusting looking alien species happened to breakdown on our planet. There are also some great action scenes, especially towards the end. Body parts fly left and right as the alien weapons inflict some massive damage. The amount of gore surprised me and I loved every second of it. By the way, the robotic mech suit at the end would even make Iron Man jealous. If you're sick of mindless action flicks like Transformers: Revenge of th Fallen or G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, District 9 will please your brain as well as your eyes.
0618918248|2.0|A disappointment.    Dawkins spends most of the book criticizing religion rather than God. Fair enough - there's a lot to criticize, but that's not how the book is positioned.    I eagerly turned to Chapter 4, \\"Why there almost certainly is no God\\", but it's fairly shallow. That chapter would have been better titled, \\"Why Intelligent Design proponents are almost certainly morons\\". No argument there. But that's not the point.    Dawkins' biggest point against the existence of God seems to be the \\"Who designed the designer?\\" argument. In other words, a God who could have designed the Universe must be a highly evolved being, and that can only happen through evolution. So what? Belief in evolution isn't incompatible with belief in God.    In fact, it's easy to imagine a not-too-distant future where technology is powerful enough for us to design thinking, feeling, computer-generated characters who \\"live\\" in cyberspace. In their world, WE would be their God - with omniscience, omnipotence and supernatural powers. If that could be the case, why couldn't the same thing be true of a God who created us? I'm not saying this IS true, just that it COULD be true. And Dawkins doesn't address this question at all.    All that said, when Dawkins takes aim at religion - which, in fact, is the majority of the book - he makes some good points, albeit obvious points to anybody who takes more than half a nanosecond to think about them.    An interesting read if you're planning to debate religion with true believers, but a waste of time if you're curious about GOD.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|Like other reviewers, I also saw them on SNL.  Bought it this morning, listened to the whole thing several times.  Vocals... Acoustic guitars... Absolutely beautiful.  Buy it, you will not be disappointed.
0061537969|4.0|While I'm not a big fan of car racing, this book has a great story behind it and it's written from the Dog's perspective, which makes it interesting.  Not a tear jerker which I thought it would be so it was a nice surprise.
B001TODCII|4.0|This is a lively action movie designed mainly to entertain, not enlighten.  As such, the plot does stretch credulity at many points, but you won't really notice if you avoid critical thinking and just go with the flow.  There's plenty of violence, though it's not over the top.  Most importantly, an action movie should succesfully create and maintain suspense and tension, and this one does that.<br /><br />Liam Neeson does an excellent job playing the lead good guy, and his performance is perhaps the greatest strength of the movie.  Sterotypically, the bad guys are almost exclusively foreigners.  And the portrayal of the main daughter character is also weakened by stereotyping.<br /><br />Overall, I can recommend this movie if you're looking for some decent action-oriented entertainment, and not expecting anything that will expand your horizons.
B002KS1IJC|4.0|For a cheap SciFi thrill, this isn't bad at all.  Basically a Connecticut Yankee in King Aurthur's court mixed with Alien.  Characters actually have some depth, and there's an interesting philosophical twist on the Alien angle.  My only complaint was the pixelization artifacts in the darker scenes, even on the downloaded version.  It could of been a black-level adjustment issue as well, but there's no easy way to adjust that for the Amazon player without a test pattern.  That and Jack Huston's character makes him look a little too much like Johnny Depp.<br /><br />I was also quite suspicious of lava caves in Norway, but it seems there are actually active volcanoes there.<br /><br />4 stars because of the bargain price, otherwise 3.5.
0192853619|5.0|When I started reading this book I kept putting it down to extend the pleasure of reading it. It makes sense of why some things don't matter in maths. It even seems to confirm that infinity does not exist, while still being a powerful tool. Any person who wants to gain an insight of mathematical knowledge could not do better than read this book. They will gain an appreciation of advanced maths without having to believe or understand it. I don't think the concepts could be expressed more clearly or more simply. However even the unquestionable ability of Timothy Gowers could present hyperbolic geometry in a form that gives credibility to the topic. Of course he is only telling us, he didn't invent it.  I have found if a student can understand fractions, they can understand geometry,trigonometry, algebra and calculus. I don't think any one knows how people lift their skills from tangible to abstract mathematics but this book makes ordinary people aware of the vast challenges and beautiful fields. But beauty is like the numbers, they are both abstract adjectives and can not exist by them selves. This book shows us that that doesn't matter.  After this the next step to enlightenment is [[ASIN:0691118809 The Princeton Companion to Mathematics]] which was edited by Timothy and displays the same simple clarity. It has also been reduced from $142 to $66
1400082773|5.0|I loved this book!  It made me feel closer to my President, our President.  Although its not supposed to be an autobiography, it felt like i was getting to know Barack personally.  Some very important social issues were touched on as well.  A definite page turner that will make you think and will challenge your own thoughts and beliefs about race and other social issues!
055357342X|5.0|After having read the 4 Song of Ice and Fire books currently available, I've come to the conclusion that #1-3 are really one ridiculously long book. This explains not only the complete lack of resolution at the end of #1 and #2, but why each is better than the one before. In my case, I was lukewarm about this series until I reached A Storm of Swords, at which point I fell in love with it. Now too bad the books are taking so long to come out....<br /><br />After A Game of Thrones, I was expecting the story to go into stasis, but nothing could be further from the truth. The plot here is even more unpredictable and fast-paced than in book one, although with ten widely scattered viewpoint characters, that should perhaps read \\"plots.\\" There are three main plots, with the King's Landing political intrigue and the War of Five Kings (seen through the eyes of Tyrion, Catelyn, Sansa, and Davos) getting the most screen time, followed by the Night's Watch vs. wildlings vs. Others conflict in the North (Jon, Sam) and Daenerys's overseas quest to gather an army. Bran and Arya continue to travel in relative isolation from the overall plot (Arya's chapters are in my view the biggest weakness in the book, as they are numerous but accomplish little; the best plotline in the book, or perhaps the series so far, is Jon's, which amazed me), and Jaime makes the journey back to King's Landing and undergoes some fascinating character development, although without playing much of a role in national events. The proliferation of major game-changing events, both on the political and personal levels, continues. More main characters die (and don't read too many more reviews if you haven't read the book yet, or you're bound to deduce who). The author's sadistic behavior toward favorite characters reaches new heights, to the point that you want to rescue them from the book to save them from Martin. Still, it's a testament to his skills that we care about the characters so much. And don't believe the naysayers who claim the book is just one long depression-fest; there are some really stirring events here as well.<br /><br />Those who have already read the first two (and there's nowhere to begin but #1) will be glad to see that not only is the world still fully-realized and realistic, but that we continue to discover new parts of it. And of course, the writing style and dialogue are still quite good. Much-needed humor serves to lighten an otherwise dark mood. Those who were upset in previous volumes by the amount of violence, cruelty, rape, etc., will see more of the same here, and even some of the main characters have moral systems that are questionable to say the least--not to mention the villains. These books certainly aren't for the easily offended or the easily disgusted, but if you've enjoyed the first two volumes, rest assured that this one is even better--and provides a bit of much-needed resolution as we wait for the next installments.ers who claim the book is just one long depression-fest; there are some really stirring events here as well.    Those who have already read the first two (and there's nowhere to begin but #1) will be glad to see that not only is the world still fully-realized and realistic, but that we continue to discover new parts of it. And of course, the writing style and dialogue are still quite good. Much-needed humor serves to lighten an otherwise dark mood. Those who were upset in previous volumes by the amount of violence, cruelty, rape, etc., will see more of the same here, and even some of the main characters have moral systems that are questionable to say the least--not to mention the villains. These books certainly aren't for the easily offended or the easily disgusted, but if you've enjoyed the first two volumes, rest assured that this one is even better--and provides a bit of much-needed resolution as we wait for the next installments.
B001VLBDD0|1.0|I bought this from a vendor on amazon and it will not play the original theatrical version on any of my dvd players.  I tried it on windows vista...it needed windows xp...tried it on my windows xp computer, still won't work, then I finally tried the original version on my regular dvd player (regionless and region 1)...nope!!!  I am contacting amazon about the product and the vendor!!!
B00009V7OL|1.0|[[ASIN:B00009V7OL The Abyss (Special Edition)]] is not the set that a proper cinephile would appreciate.    I was so excited that this DVD was on sale at Best Buy for $9.99 that I immediately bought it. I put it in to play on my widescreen TV to find out that Fox did not set this DVD up to be played on HDTVs! I have to set the picture in a 4:3 image to watch a film that is presented in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.   This set is utterly disappointing! I would recommend that everyone wait for this to be released on BluRay. Only then will Fox actually make good on their \\"special edition\\" promise. At least, I hope they will...
0141182865|5.0|I have just re-read this for the umpteenth time.  What a corker!  It is amazing that the same character treatments--of Jones and of the various gay characters--that kept this \\"Modern Classic\\" from publication in its author's lifetime may well have also kept it from pubication (on Madison Avenue, anyway)in our time, for politically correct reasons. If you have not read it, do so soon--and then put it away for a fresh re-reading the next year, and the year after that, and the year after that, and ... you get the idea; I doubt that any book outside the Bible will be reread more than this will.  It remains fresh every time!    [[ASIN:1935118749 Tales As Tall As A Sunflower]]
0307454541|4.0|A breif comment: I read this book in its Italian version; the Italian title, translated into English, is 'Men who hate women', which somehow gave the book a diffent 'flavour', for want of a better expression, than the title of the English version would have given, for me at least. The titles of the second in the trilogy are the same in both languages.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Every song makes you want to get up and dance.  MJ sounds genuinely happy throughout.  Great songs, tremendous performer.
B001SMC91M|5.0|this is an awesome, funky disc.  james brown nearly re-born.  this some funky, funky stuff.  a lot of people have reviewed it here, and most have rated it very high - no coincidence.
0375842209|5.0|After reading this book, it took me two weeks to fully digest what I had read.  What is this book about?  Is it a book about war?  Is it a historical book?  Perhaps.  But ultimately the book is about choices.  When evil assails a family from every side, its members are forced to decide whether to conform or resist.  The Hubermans are not a perfect family, but when faced with the choice to accept a foster child whose mother is in prison, or to honor a promise to a friend, or give a crust of bread to a starving prisoner, they always find themselves making the unpopular choices, the choices that seem to bring them ever closer to their demise.  Death, who narrates this tale, notices Leisl (foster child of Hans Huberman) and records the story of her struggles and those of her foster family and friends.  This is a well-written and thought-provoking book.  It is one of the best in holocaust literature for young adults.
B001V9LRTM|3.0|I really can't say anything more about this great film as an historical document or a piece of entertainment that hasn't already been said. I'm writing this review to point out how dissapointing this blu-ray transfer is.          The producers of this film could have used the 40th anniversary of Woodstock to create a definitive high-def version that would have adapted this film to the 16:9 aspect ratio, giving it the larger-than-life feel that it had when it was originally released in theaters in 70MM. Instead, we get a version that is letterboxed from beginning to end, reducing the single shot segments to a small frame in the middle of my large home-theater screen. This isn't even close to the way people experienced it in 1970.         Don't get me wrong. I don't think the transfer should have been panned and scanned. It should be letterboxed during the multi-frame sequences that used the full width of the 70MM frame, but it should have then been adapted to fill the 16:9 frame vertically during the single shot sequences when there are large black spaces on the sides. This would have not only made the picture large at all times, but would have also taken advantage of all the resolution that blu-ray and high-def have to offer.         Another problem is that there is a round, dark area in the center of the frame throughout most of the film. It is most appearent during the dark sequences (The Who, Ten Years After). It appears as though the source print was \\"burned\\" in the center. [...]         I'm sure that eventually a transfer will be made that corrects these things. That way the producers can soak us for another fifty bucks.
0385737947|5.0|I got my hands on an ARC of The Maze Runner and read it in one night. Intriguing? Yes. Exciting? undoubtedly. Worth your time and money? ABSOLUTELY!    But most importantly, James Dashner is a class act. Many who find themselves in the lime light act like they are above the law, providing a poor example of kindness and humanity in any form. However, Mr. Dashner is a family man with high values and a genuine love for his fans. It's disappointing to read another review of his work and find a critical examination of his character. If anyone finds James Dashner offensive, perhaps they should buy the latest Chris Brown album. Brown's recent charge of felony assault and making criminal threats might be more palatable.    I fully recommend Maze Runner. The book is something different in a world full of recycled ideas.
0545123267|5.0|This book is bound to be a fave for any YA lover. To be honest, I was hesitant about reading this novel for about 5 seconds due to me not being a huge werewolf fan, but I am SO glad that I decided to take the plunge.<br /><br />This is the first book I have read by Maggie Stiefvater, and I can guarantee you it will not be the last. This novel is beautifully written and flows seamlessly between Sam and Grace's perspectives. By telling the tale this way, the reader really gets to know and care for each character. I also loved the chemistry between Sam and Grace, it was magical.<br /><br />What I loved most about the novel is the world that Stiefvater created. It is beautifully explored, and 100% believable. Many, many kudos to Steifvater for that.<br /><br />This novel offered a unique plot and outlook at werewolves. It is beautifully written, and I was sad to leave their world once I completed the novel. I am looking forward to many more great reads from Stiefvater, and I cannot wait to see more from this series.
006135323X|5.0|We like to believe that we are rational. Many investment philosophies are based on efficient market theory, which assumes that market participants are well-informed and act rationally. I always found efficient market theory to be flawed, because when I looked at individual investors, I would get surprised more and more every day by how irrational their behavior was. So how it is possible for markets to be efficient, when most investors I know are completely irrational? Well, this book has some really good explanations.<br /><br />The author of this book shows us that even though we believe that we act in a rational way, in reality we act in predictably irrational way. As a result of this irrationality, we frequently make poor decisions with our money, life partners, and health. For example, we tend to overvalue things that we own. We might be made to believe that something works even when it doesn't. A placebo is perfect example.<br /><br />This book was really an eye-opening experience. We all do the things the author talks about. As I read this book, I kept catching myself and saying, \\"Yes, I did this, too.\\" I enjoyed reading this book, and I would recommend it.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
0312323867|4.0|I greatly enjoyed this book.  It was a fun and enjoyable read that kept me entertained throughout.  Perfect chick lit!
B001G8NW6Y|5.0|The authors who understand the subject really well are able to explain it in simple and easy to understand language. This is what I feel that this book is all about. The author explains the economy in one lesson: policies should take into consideration the long-term consequences as well as short-term, and they should consider the effects on all groups, not just few. Wow, so simple, but unfortunately this is not how our policy makers think.<br /><br />I think that high school students should read this book before they enroll in economic courses that bore them to death with all the graphs and mathematical calculations. I really appreciate that this book is simple but to the point - even junior high school students would understand it. I highly recommend it.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B00006I53S|4.0|This is a great general purpose walk around lens, and the Image Stabilization is great when hand holding your camera for shooting.  Sharp and Fast outdoors, but unfortunately the lens is not fast enough for most indoors photography (unless very well lit).  I've usually got this lens on my camera when I'm outdoors and I need an all purpose walk around lens.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Fast and Sharp<br />Image Stabilized<br />Great range of wide and telephoto lengths<br /><br />Cons:<br />Poor low light performance<br />Gets soft in the outer ranges
0061854549|5.0|We like to believe that we are rational. Many investment philosophies are based on efficient market theory, which assumes that market participants are well-informed and act rationally. I always found efficient market theory to be flawed, because when I looked at individual investors, I would get surprised more and more every day by how irrational their behavior was. So how it is possible for markets to be efficient, when most investors I know are completely irrational? Well, this book has some really good explanations.<br /><br />The author of this book shows us that even though we believe that we act in a rational way, in reality we act in predictably irrational way. As a result of this irrationality, we frequently make poor decisions with our money, life partners, and health. For example, we tend to overvalue things that we own. We might be made to believe that something works even when it doesn't. A placebo is perfect example.<br /><br />This book was really an eye-opening experience. We all do the things the author talks about. As I read this book, I kept catching myself and saying, \\"Yes, I did this, too.\\" I enjoyed reading this book, and I would recommend it.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
0451197968|5.0|First off, do *NOT* read the preface from King. He gives away the ending.  Arggh.  His comments should come at the end of the book.<br /><br />Good, enjoyable easy read.  Little darker than the movie.
0517548232|5.0|The authors who understand the subject really well are able to explain it in simple and easy to understand language. This is what I feel that this book is all about. The author explains the economy in one lesson: policies should take into consideration the long-term consequences as well as short-term, and they should consider the effects on all groups, not just few. Wow, so simple, but unfortunately this is not how our policy makers think.<br /><br />I think that high school students should read this book before they enroll in economic courses that bore them to death with all the graphs and mathematical calculations. I really appreciate that this book is simple but to the point - even junior high school students would understand it. I highly recommend it.<br /><br />- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
B00070DK14|4.0|The Broadsword and the Beast - (1982)  18 Tracks (8 bonus)  ***½  (68:06)<br /><br />This album starts off with the guitar heavy, rockin' Beastie, which is a good start, as things seem to mellow out a little more on the rest of the album.  It also contains a bit more piano than we are used to on a typical Tull record, and a lot more keyboards and synths (those aren't real horns in there).  Also, no long \\"progressive\\" numbers.  One complaint I have is the complete lack of Mr. Anderson's flute on a number of the tracks.  There are plenty of \\"new\\" sounds from synthesizers, vocoder, and sequencers.  And it definitely has an 80's feel to it, especially when you listen to Watching Me, Watching You with all its keyboard synths and sounds that almost remind me of The Cars.<br /><br />The problem is that, over-all, this album just doesn't exite me, especially after growing up listening to the classic 70's Tull records.  Oh, don't let me bring you down completely, Broadsword does have its moments, but they are just too far and few between for me.  I also think much of the lyrics are kind of weak.<br /><br />The bonus track Mayhem Maybe harkens back to the folky sounds of Songs From the Wood and would be described as the most \\"classic sounding\\" song on this record.  In fact, more than half of these bonus tracks are right up there on par with the tracks on the original album.  According to the liner notes the bonus tracks were recorded at the same sessions and were just not used due to the limitations of the vinyl album (about 50 minutes).  So, in this case, these are not your typical \\"throw away\\" songs that someone dug out of the trash heap and just put on here as filler.  I'm sure that the people who really like this album are the ones that bought it when it originally came out and got used to this modern Tull sound before hearing the old classic style of Aqualung, Stand Up, or Thick as a Brick, etc.<br /><br />I give it an honest 3 1/2 stars rounded up to 4 for the Amazon rating.
0060899220|3.0|I've heard numerous things about this book, so I had to check it out for myself.  Part of the book is about Bourdain's own life, his adventures, trials, and tribulations becoming a head chef.  Woven in are bits and pieces of information about what the restaurant industry really is like.  Bourdain is honest about the rapport and camaraderie between the cooks (a lot of playful and not so playful harassment ensues) , taking on an already failing restaurant, and learning the ropes on the job.<br /><br />Some parts are funny, but I think what makes this book unique is the frankness with which Bourdain writes.  He even goes so far as to include a few pages on who should and should not try to become a chef.  I don't think it is necessarily meant to persuade or dissuade, as much as it is Bourdain just laying out the facts.<br />Towards the end it got a little confusing timeline-wise, but other than that, this book is crazy and interesting.  It definitely makes for some interesting talking points.
0061774529|5.0|Three murders on three continents all have one thing in common. Each of the victims has a Druidic pagan cross branded into their bodies. What does a Vatican archaeologist in Roman found dead in St. peter's Basilica; the son of a U.S. Senator killed outside a Red Cross camp in Africa; and a geneticist discovered lifeless in a biohazard lab at Princeton University have in common besides that mysterious marking? Commander Gray Pierce and Sigma Force are assigned to investigate and discover a riddle centuries old within a cryptic medieval codex revealing an horrific crime against humanity. Helped by two women from his past, one of which will have to be sacrificed, Commander Pierce must find an ancient artifact called the 'Doomsday Key' if he is to prevent what is to come according to dark prophecy and solve the deaths of those three original victims. Superbly written by author James Rollins, this complete and unabridged, 11 compact disc, 13.5 hour, 'theatre of the mind' Harper Audio edition is skillfully narrated throughout by Peter Jay Fernandez and a prized addition to personal and community library audio book collections.
0786838655|5.0|I am an avid reader of HP, Twilight, anything vampire...I was bored and picked up this book from the library.  I ended up having to go straight back and get the rest so I could read the whole series.  Every kid in middle school should HAVE to read this book. Just the greek education alone is wonderful.  The writing really takes me to Percy's world.  Perfect read no matter what age you are.
1580815634|5.0|Oscar Wilde's the Picture of Dorian Gray is a full-cast, audio theater dramatization of a timeless classic of modern Western literature. When the young gentleman Dorian Gray becomes the subject of a stunning portrait by artist Basil Hallward, his innate narcissism grows to overtake his life. His growing vanity leads him to practice unconscionable hedonism and thoughtless cruelty, until he is forced to confront his inner self - a harrowing experience to the brink of shattering his soul. An absorbing audio drama from beginning to end, Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray is particularly recommended for public library audiobook collections. 2 CDs, 97 min.
B00005N6KG|5.0|Great headphones for the price.  Stay in your ears during runs, nice, loud, and great sound.  Great purchase!  Very happy!  Also, great for kids or people who with small ears than don't like jamming something in their ear canal.
B0021L8US0|5.0|No name director. No name actors and actresses. A measly $30 million budget. A producer (Peter Jackson, [[ASIN:B000X9FLKM The Lord of the Rings]]) who's most recent film disaster - [[ASIN:B001KZVQJI King Kong]](remake) - didn't instill much confidence. All of these strikes were lined up, ready to kick DISTRICT 9 to the curb. But did they?<br /><br />The easy and obvious answer is \\"no.\\" In fact, I dare say that this is probably one of the best science fiction films to emerge from Hollywood in the last decade. Yes, even better than the new [[ASIN:B001AVCFK6 Star Trek]] redux. Although comparing this film to STAR TREK is like comparing apples and apple peels.<br /><br />Filmed with the ever-popular hand-held cameras, DISTRICT 9 starts out slow, feeling very much like another \\"aliens stranded on Earth film,\\" [[ASIN:B000059HAD Alien Nation]](1988). But DISTRICT 9 takes a few more twists and turns. Where ALIEN NATION had the tough-cop grudgingly becoming friends with the alien, DISTRICT 9 doesn't really seem to have a protagonist. Everyone and everything is out for themselves.<br /><br />And the film starts off showing us Wikus Van De Merwe (complete unknown Sharlto Copley) as he gets assigned as the lead agent in Johannesburg, South Africa to move a group of one-million-plus insectoid-like aliens from a slum to \\"a nicer\\" slum (district 10). Wikus is a very bubbly guy but as soon as he moves into District 9 with his security force, things get ugly. Prostitution, murder, weapons, and every crime known to man or alien takes place here, and Wikus is smack in the middle of it. But when he gets exposed to an alien liquid, strange things start to happen.<br /><br />Wikus is soon the center of attention for all the factions warring inside and outside the district. His own agency wants to dissect him. A slum-lord wants to cut him up and eat him. And the Prawns (as the aliens are called because they look like prawns), could care less about him as long as he doesn't bother them. But bother them he must as Wikus takes to the road, hoping to find something resembling a friend.<br /><br />I'm not going to give much away here, simply because I don't want to spoil any of this amazing film. And it is amazing. The film starts out pretty slowly, and I was beginning to worry that this was going to be another fanfare and fizzle sci-fi show. But the film gradually engages the audience by getting us in tight with Wikus, and an alien and his son. There are some shoot `em up spectacles that will make the action junkies out there drool. And for those who want a really, really great story with believable characters, well, there's that too. You often hear that a great movie MUST start with a great script, and DISTRICT 9 was blessed with that. But it wasn't blessed with any star power or a large budget. Which, apparently, was also a blessing.us takes to the road, hoping to find something resembling a friend.     I'm not going to give much away here, simply because I don't want to spoil any of this amazing film. And it is amazing. The film starts out pretty slowly, and I was beginning to worry that this was going to be another fanfare and fizzle sci-fi show. But the film gradually engages the audience by getting us in tight with Wikus, and an alien and his son. There are some shoot `em up spectacles that will make the action junkies out there drool. And for those who want a really, really great story with believable characters, well, there's that too. You often hear that a great movie MUST start with a great script, and DISTRICT 9 was blessed with that. But it wasn't blessed with any star power or a large budget. Which, apparently, was also a blessing.
0307588335|1.0|Two kinds of people are likely to be attracted to this book:  the common man in the street who wants to know how a company like Lehman blew up so spectacularly and the financial markets insider who wants to know the inside scoop.    If you are the former, this book is likely to please. It has all the elements of a pot boiler - the breathless accounts of secret meetings, mutiny in the boardroom and the heroic efforts of a few key guys trying valiantly to save the sinking ship.  It has the relentless enemy and the arch villain. The only thing missing is the scantily clad woman draped over the hero's arm.    The other side of the barbell is the financial services insider who knows all the acronyms inside and out - CDO, CLO, RMBS, CMBS, SIV who is nevertheless looking for a straight account of what went wrong - like the classic 'smartest guys in the room' on the Enron disaster.    If you are on that side of the barbell, steer clear of this book. It offers no insight into anything, except perhaps the massive ego of a low level trader.  By all accounts, Larry McDonald should never have been allowed to place the kind of bets he claims to have made.  He was obviously a junior trader on a bond desk that used shareholder money to short everything in sight taking massive short CDS positions on all sorts of names, good and bad. The irony seems entirely lost to him, but his desk was part of the CDS problem - buying protection with no underlying holdings.     Like any gambler, he worships the analyst (Jane Castle) who gave him the hot tip - (Buy Delta, young man!) but is too dumb to acknowledge that Delta could easily have woundup another Eastern, or more to the point, another TWA.  The 'hostile' bid from US Airways that made his profit, nearly killed US Airways... but I digress.    Larry does let his political persuasions come through. Clinton is an arch villain for letting Roberta Achtenberg loose on banks 'forcing' them to lend to the huddled masses. 'Easy mortgages were the invention of Bill Clinton's Democrats' he proclaims. Never mind that the CRA ran for over 12 years with nary a problem until the boneheads on Wall Street decided to get in on the action by securitizing it.     Perhaps the most telling passage comes in the tail end of the book and summarizes it quite well:    \\"All my life, I've been a laissez-faire Ronald Reagan / Margaret Thatcher capitalist, swearing by the market, taking the risks and the devil take the hindmost. But this one time, I was looking for a Givernment rescue and I wasn't going to get it\\"    This one time.  When my stock value is at stake, the principles I held all my life just vaporized. Hank Paulson should have cared more about my stock options in Lehman.  That son-of-a-bitch was making an example out of Lehman with *MY* money.    This book is a lousy excuse for a tell-all or even a straight accounting of the events leading up to Lehman;s demise. 'When Genius Failed' this ain't.
B00288KNL8|5.0|We recently bought a Sony XBR8 television, and with this film the visuals really pop. This is a complex film. I'm watching it for the second time, seeing things I missed in the first viewing. My favorite scene is the flower garden blooming. Beautiful!    I saw this film as an allegory for drug addiction. Coraline starts out feeling low and powerless; then she visits her \\"other mother\\" and \\"other father\\" where everything is wonderful and she feels euphoric. But as the story unfolds, the euphoria fades and Coraline's situation becomes terrifying and dangerous, with her parents freaking out.    An excellent film!
0316666343|4.0|**May contain SPOILERS**    The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold is without a doubt one of the more original novels in the past couple of decades. Sebold clearly knows how to write; in fact, she's more of a painter when it comes to writing because she describes the settings and situations so smoothly and lyrically especially when she describes heaven to the reader(s).     The novel itself is a story about how Susie Salmon is raped and murdered by local neighbor, George Harvey. She narrates the story from heaven and tells us how her loved ones cope with her death, how her killer tries to cover up his tracks, and how she is adjusting to her new life in paradise. Keep in mind that just because this is a story about heaven that does not make it a religious novel. In fact, Susie's heaven is pretty Godless and defies certain traditional conceptions of heaven where everything is clouds or a Garden of Eden. Although, it's clear that this is just an artistic approach to the concept of heaven and not meant to be a sermon on what heaven is. Anyways, back to the story.    There are many high points to Sebold's debut novel. The characters are pretty well-developed despite what some reviewers have commented about them being \\"cold and distant\\" (a family just lost someone they loved - of course they're going to struggle with their emotions). As I said before, Susie's heaven is an interesting paradise in that the scenery seems to change everyday and the deceased are learning to put their lives on Earth beside them and move on in the afterlife. Strong drama and suspense is what keeps The Lovely Bones from diving into another typical melodrama.     The novel is not without flaws. For instance, the scene where Susie somehow takes over the body of a girl on earth and has intercourse with the boy of her dreams seems out of place and just too bizarre. Plus, the ending appears to be a little contrived and cliched. But the high points overcome the flaws.     Overall, I would definitely recommend The Lovely Bones to almost anyone but don't expect this absolute masterpiece that most critics have claimed it to be.
1934180890|5.0|One of my co-workers told me to read this one a year ago. I even bought a copy and had planned to read, but other books kept coming first. So when I won a copy of the audiobook from Miss Danaidae, I knew it would be the perfect read for the trip to ALA.<br /><br />Why oh why did I not listen and read this one earlier? I LOVED it!! It was the perfect blend of romance, fantasy and adventure that even though I'm not a hard-core fantasy fan, I could still enjoy it. The writing is amazing and Ms. Cashore pulls you into the plot. I was amazed at how captivating the storytelling was-I never wanted to stop listening.<br /><br />Although it's a fantasy, Graceling is very much a romance. So much so that my husband, who is somewhat of a fantasy snob, thought there was too much romance and not enough fantasy. But what does he know, right? ;) Plus, for someone who wants a good mix, this was perfect.<br /><br />The romance between Katsa and Po is wonderful. It's slowly developed-not a we just met and we're madly in love thing. You really get to know both characters and you understand the attraction and why their relationship works which makes it even more romantic. And Po-sigh...you can't come away from this book without a crush on Po!<br /><br />But with all that romance, that doesn't mean the adventure gets left out. Ms. Cashore balances everything nicely and Graceling is a well-rounded novel for fans of any genre.<br /><br />The audiobook is produced by Full Cast Audio, who I think did a fabulous job with Graceling. Each character had their own actor, as well as a general narrator for the non-dialogue. The cast all sounded perfect and they make sure they have age-appropriate casting, which means the young princess Bitterblue is voiced by a young actor. Everyone in this cast was perfect and they fit their roles perfectly. Thanks to the wonderful voice acting and the vivid descriptions in the book, I could see this one being acted out in front of me.<br /><br />Hurry up and pick this one up before the prequel Fire is released in October.<br /><br />Fun fact about this audiobook: The character of King Lek is narrated by Tim Green, who is the author of Football Genius, and Bruce Coville, author of one of my all time favorite series, the Nina Tanleven mysteries, narrates King Ror and is the creater of Full Cast Audio. I love multi-talented authors!r.  Fun fact about this audiobook: The character of King Lek is narrated by Tim Green, who is the author of Football Genius, and Bruce Coville, author of one of my all time favorite series, the Nina Tanleven mysteries, narrates King Ror and is the creater of Full Cast Audio. I love multi-talented authors!
B000FVE3AC|4.0|I have been looking for an Invicta Grand Diver for some time and really wanted to get hold of the orange dial model, but wasn't able to.  I spotted this one on Amazon and despite being a bit unsure about what looks like a purple dial on my monitor I bought it - was very pleased when it arrived to see that it is more blue than purple!  The watch and case are just what I wanted, something big and solid, but at the same time plain and simple.  The movement keeps pretty good time now it has settled down a bit and is only off by a few seconds over 24 hours.    The missing fifth star for me arises from the poor quality of the bracelet and clasp.  For a case this size I feel Invicta should have used something bigger with a much better quality clasp, which gives absolutely no confidence and appears very thin and is nothing like the quality Seiko manage to achieve.    Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and the service to the UK from Amazon was excellent, but I would not be as happy had I paid anything like the receommended retail!
B001OQCV9M|4.0|In 1949, Julia and Paul Child moved to Paris. For a while, newly unemployed, Julia flounders about for something to do, and finally hits upon cooking. It's France, after all.  In 2004, Julie and Eric Powell moved to Queens, NY. Julie thought she'd become a writer, but has become stalled in a depressing job answering calls for the post 9/11 World Trade Center. She flounders about for some meaning in her life, and finally starts a blog, for which she will attempt to cook all of Julia Child's recipes in one years time. It's not Paris, after all.<br /><br />Julie and Julia juxtaposes the stories of these two cooks. Meryl Streep, in the sort of virtuoso performance we've come to expect from her, is spot on, and very effective, in her portrayal of Julia. Amy Adams has the simpler task, and brings a pleasing credibility to her role as Julie. Julia sets out to become a teacher and ends up a writer, going on to make history. Julie sets out to become a writer, and what sort of mark she will make remains to be seen. Stanley Tucci and Chris Messina are well cast as the respective well-fed, supportive husbands. Sets, scenery, and costumes are picture perfect, with subtle lighting and period charm. Scripting is deft, balancing sincerity and humor, but a bit cloying at times - the Childs could not possibly have so perfectly sustained such buoyant optimism and unflagging empathy in the face of their setbacks.<br /><br />Julia, of course, made history, and it remains to be seen what sort of mark Julie will make. In their film, these women demonstrate what personal effort,  genuine love, and a bit of luck can accomplish. Don't miss it.
015206396X|5.0|I loved this book.  Kristin captures you in her world from the first page.  I couldn't put it down.  I'm also a big fan of her other book, \\"Hunger Games\\".  I can't wait to read more of both series!
0307266303|2.0|The running blogosphere recently has been in a tizzy about Christopher McDougall's \\"Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen.\\" It's supposed to be the alpha and omega of running books/stories. It's not.    The book has three themes.    The \\"Hidden Tribe\\" of the subtitle is the Tarahumara Indian tribe in Mexico. These are the \\"Running People\\" who run for the joy of it and are endowed with compassion and kindness and innocence but who have always fared badly when they encounter outsiders, be they Cortez, Mexican drug cartels, or an American who exploited some of them for an ultramarathon in the U.S.    Second are a group of American ultramarathoners who will venture into the Tarahumara's land for the \\"big race\\" at the book's end. There's Scott Jurek, one of the top, if not the top, ultramarathoners and Jenn Shelton and her companion Billy Barnett, a couple of surfer-types. There's a guy known as \\"Barefoot Ted\\" for his disdain for footwear.    Bridging the two groups is the American Caballo Blanco (\\"White HorseCowboy\\" [edited/corrected per Brandon]), whose identity is revealed only at the end.    The third theme consists of two stand-alone pieces, which proved to be the interesting part of the book, which I'll get to shortly.    The problem I had with the book is that I had far more interest in the fictional Quenton Cassidy of \\"Once A Runner\\" (or the fictional Emma Caldridge of \\"Running from the Devil\\") than I had in any of the characters, save perhaps McDougall himself, in \\"Born to Run.\\" The Tarahumara are two-dimensional. They are generous people, many of whom run. What else? How do they live? How does the woman in the restaurant pay for the propane burners that are kept going non-stop during the big pre-race scene?    I happen to be finishing Jared Diamond's Guns, Germs and Steel. That comprehensive book traces the development of man across the millennia. That's \\"development\\" in terms of the complex societies in which we exist. The notion that these throw-back people are somehow superior to us city-dwellers is troubling. Indeed, if I had fallen down there and done to my elbow what I did, I probably wouldn't have two functional arms now, unless I somehow got to one of those city hospitals.    Worse are the ultramarathoners. They are, I guess, supposed to be colorful. I found them annoying, none more so than the two kids. So far as I can tell, ultramarathoners run long distances. The thrill is in the completion. Fine. But just because the passion that they and I share involves the frequent placement of one foot in front of the other doesn't mean I care about their sport. It may be purer, but it is of no interest to me.    The saving grace of the book is those two stand-alone chapters. In the first, there's a discussion about, essentially, how Nike destroyed running by making ever more complex shoes that prevent the foot from doing what nature intended it to do. I don't disagree with this. I think the best shoe is the cheapest, by which I mean the one with the fewest bells and whistles. Indeed, this was a topic on Monday's podcast. And Cowboy Hazel has embarked, in part because of \\"Born to Run,\\" on a test of the Nike Free, the best-known minamalist shoe. So that's a nice read.    Second and more interesting is the chapter on evolution and how man came to run and use running as a means of surviving. [Diversion: similarly, a new book \\"Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human\\" by Richard Wrangham is out that addresses the importance of cooking, yes, cooking, on human development, including as a means for allowing us to spend time thinking instead of searching for food. It's on hold for me at the library. This belies the assertion in a rather unpleasant episode of a running podcast that humans are not made to eat meat since it points to the difference between raw and cooked meat.]    It's nice to know that we are, as the Boss put it, \\"Born to Run.\\" It's also nice to know that we haveadvanced from the point of using that running to catch our dinners (not by outsprinting but by outlasting them) so that we can try to race things like 5Ks or marathons.    But the über-theme of this book is that the Tarahumara are superior to those who are not of that tribe and that ultramarathoners are superior to those who are not of that tribe. They're not.
044024238X|4.0|Sophie Kinsella is officially one of my favorite authors. Though I'd heard about the confessions of a shopaholic series, I never actually picked one up (Sad, I know). The story line was AWESOME!!! Ms. Kinsella you had me at the edge of my seat hungry for more. This story is comical, romantic and filled with a nice bit of suspense.  Had me thinking about the high-powered corporate world and all the people that are/have been stressed by it. Although it is fiction, this book is obviously synonomous with the lives of those that are in such positions. The book allows the reader to grasp hold of a serious theme within the story-line.  I quote from it rephrased \\"Sometimes you don't need to have a goal in life; you just need to know what you're going to do next.\\" Brilliant Sophie!!!
B0013FNC38|5.0|You can really hear the maturity in this album.  Jason Mraz has gone from a boy to a man and the complexities are amazing.  I am so impressed in the changes he has made to his sound while still staying true to his artistic signature.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to enjoy an ENTIRE album.  I can guarantee that by the second time through you will be tapping a foot and singing along.
1401201911|4.0|okay, dig it man.     what if kal-el, the last son of Krypton, you know, Superman, landed in communist Russia instead of Kansas?  an awesome graphic novel, that's what.   that's basically all you need to know.   well,that, and the fact that superman grows up embracing the hammer&sickle instead of truth, justice, and the American way.  Even if you're an amateur comic enthusiast, its just a great story.    the only reason I give it 4 stars is because, without ruining the ending for who hasn't read it yet, let's just say a time paradox is involved.  and if anything pisses me off more than jump puzzles, its a time paradox.   But that's personal. besides that, awesome story.   Go buy it right now!    you can always return it if you don't like it.  Trust me tho, you will.
B0025T65GC|1.0|Devin, start drinking and partying again, your music needs the influence. This is awful. Bring back some of the guys from SYL and forget the backroom bar find \\"musicians\\". PLEASE! First Ziltoid, now this? Experimentation and change is fine but I just don't get this one at all. Synchestra is one of my all time favorite albums but where this thing Ki came from.....wow.....think I'll need a few Valium to make it through another listen......argh......major bummer dude.
0321525655|5.0|Beyond the typical book about getting better at presenting or becoming a more effective speaker, Presentation Zen offers its own answers to a couple of key questions:        * Why design matters?      * What the hell is a good design?    As a technical guy I've always been focus on searching functional solutions for problem but I've overlooked the design aspects of those solutions nonetheless. Since I finished this book I've started to look at things from a different perspective, not just technical but visual.Presentation Zen's honestly one of the most remarkable books I've read in recent times. It's become my personal starting point to the Design world providing the necessary guidelines and resources I needed.    Plain, clear, brilliantly designed... I could write longer about Presentation Zen but it would go against the principles it teaches.
B000001ZS3|5.0|Whether you like electronic music or not, this is an album that belongs in everybody's collection. It is a classic, and it is so for a reason. It transcends its genre: it is not just good electronic music, it is good music, period.     The mastering work is very good, and while I would still prefer the sound of the MFSL gold CD issue from the mid '90s, the sound quality on this release is, in general, superior to anything that has come before it.
031606792X|5.0|All of the books kept me going. Very hard to put down. Perfect ending and keeps the door open for another book to follow. (hopefully)
B0019LY5I2|4.0|I watched the movie and like it, It's not as bad as what the critics said, I'm not sure what they expected from this movie, an Oscar? it's a summer movie, it's supposed to be fun, stupid, loud and forgettable.
B002LE8MJ4|4.0|A wonderful rock-u-mentary that allows the viewer seemingly sincere moments with three world-class guitarists as they discuss their early influences, guitars, and performing.  They trade licks, stories, and play a sweet tune together.  None of those annoying interviews with former managers/girlfriends/historians - just the musicians.    An excellent choice for electric guitarists, Zep/U2/Jack White fans - invite your spouses/friends with care.
B000FC1192|3.0|A classic horror novel for children. Even though about a young girl, this book will also get boys hooked on reading. Neil Gaiman's best work yet!
B00194SLI4|4.0|Both protagonists were frightened. They were virgins, not sure how to be physically married. They acted like teenagers, running away from the problem. I don't think the woman wanted physicality in her marriage. She wanted all the frills. A party. A continuing wedding fest. The young man was too quick to blame his bride for his own shortcomings, a thing he regretted all his life. Why should he blame her for his premature ejaculation? Why should she blame him? Cool heads and a working relationship should have prevailed. I would have liked to see how the woman's life turned out. I would hope she learned something. He certainly did. I guess that means I liked the book. It made me think. I loved his book they made into a movie.
032147404X|1.0|I own many photography books and purchased this one because of the Amazon rating. I wasted my money.    If you want to learn photography this book is completely useless, each page just give a tip of how to take a particular photo, but you don't understand why. So maybe you end with a lot of recepies learn from memory, but with not clue at all about how to cook.    I know the author is a very recognized photography, but this is really a terrible book. It's shallow and facilist.    The only good thing I read in the book is in page 192 where the author recommends other books that are actually really good (and easy to read and learn too).     I was extremely dissapointed with this purchase and don't recommend it at all. Not even as an introductory book.
0671015206|4.0|A quick read and a great reminder that income and wealth are, in fact, two very different things. One can have a large income and still live paycheck to paycheck (we all know such people and families). At the end of the day, it comes down to planning and being in control of your spending and savings. Some people appear to be naturally better at this, but the good news is, it's a learned behavior, which means that you can do it too.  Great educational read, but be wary of the professional and career decision advice near the end - as authors pointed out at the beginning, your occupation has very little to do with being wealthy and / or happy.
B002CAWNEM|1.0|Was this awful movie straight to DVD? If it was, it was justly deserved. If it wasn't it should've been..Or maybe should've been made in the first place. I watched on dvd from Redbox for a dollar.. wish I could get my wasted 2 hours and my dollar back. This movie is a poorly written and acted take on Fatal Attraction.A stripped down, watered down version with nothing new added minus all the suspens of the original. I waited paitently for a twist.. maybe the gay assistant had a crush on Derek and was rejected so he planned and unleasehed the temp on Derek to destroy his perfect life. Maybe his unhappy, married friend planned this to destroy him. Maybe his boss wanted to get rid. Maybe his other coworker wanted to destroy him to get that 150mil acct....maybe ..maybe..maybe I should've skipped this movie and watched the Fatal Attraction again. Maybe they shouldn't have made this awful movie and tempt us to watch it because of Beyonce and Idris Elba make such a beautiful couple...but none of my aniticipations/prediction came through... it was just a silly instant crush. From the first moment the temp laid eye on Derek she wanted him and that was it... By the way, maybe back in the 80's you could get away with throwing an anything goes company Christmas party without spouses but in past decade with all the family value, morality talks even a investment firm (not sure what kind of firm it was)could get away with it.
0060555661|5.0|This book is incredible. Not only will it tell you exactly how to use your money to generate massive amounts of wealth, it will tell you how to do it quickly with no effort on your part!    Ok, all ridiculousness aside, this book truly is amazing. The timeless wisdom of Graham virtually bleeds from the pages. The commentary helps to show how Graham's wisdom applies to the somewhat modern day markets of the early 2000s, and anyone with a little intelligence can easily apply it to today's market.    I am new to investing and recently bought a few different books, and this is by far my favorite. Graham's writing style is typical for the age period when written. In my opinion, this is not a book that is well suited for the \\"information now\\" smatterings of ink and paper that seems to line the bookshelves of modern stores, so easily thumbed through and snap judged while drinking coffee from the conveniently located and internal coffee shop. The book is a well thought out journey and can really only be appreciated if you walk the path from beginning to end.    The book will help you to know yourself, help you to identify opportunities, and most importantly help you do identify possible follies. It is definitely not a get rich quick book, at least not in any tangible way, but the wisdom that is passed on through the pages is perhaps more valuable than a number on paper ever could be.
B001QTXM5Y|4.0|....with this almost literal translation of the entire comic book to the big screen.  All it was missing was the Black Freighter comic scenes and I understand these will be reinserted at some point.  Some people have criticised Zack Snyder for tampering with the ending, but I say give the guy a break, the overwhelming majority of scenes in this film are a slavish recreation of the original grpahic novel, and frankly, I thought Alan Moore's original ending was always somewhat risible and would not have translated well to the big screen. I actually preferred this ending. I only wish Snyder had tampered a little more with the source material, as I felt at every step I was simply having the graphic novel read back at me.  Loved the portrayal of Rorschach - perfectly realised performance all round.  Also thought the Comedian was well done, and Billy Crudup did manage to capture some of the other worldliness of Dr Manhattan.  I thought there was something of a mismatch between Nite Owl's out of costume persona and his capacity for bone crunching violence, but that was possibly a fault in the comic book too. But overall, Snyder is to be congratulated by proving that Watchmen was not 'un-filmable' after all.
B000VPUIA6|4.0|I received the package promptly and in great condition. I was pleasently surprised to find how well this deluxe edition was kept.  DVD's play as new. Thanks, it's a pleasure doing business with you.     Paul
B001IFZL50|5.0|If you like Band of Brothers or any war movie you should definitly buy this series. It reacreates the hole atmosphere of a warzone, with periods of boredon, tension and fighting. This series managed to get the full picture of a U.S. Marines Regiment, you can clearly see the flow of information from the superior officers to the frontline soldiers and many times you can see how the information can get lost or misinterpreted leading to friendly fire or civilian casualties. It represents perfectly the new kind of war the U.S. is fighting in Iraq.    Also, the evolution of some of the carachters is great, you can feel how the war is affecting the experience of some of the soliders, how they can get pissed off because of the bad orders given by command or how they manage to live with all the destruction and death around them. The reporter is a great addition to the unit, just the expression on his face when he sees a dead body or the way he looks when the bullets start flying gives a sample of how the military training can shape the actions of an individual under pressure, he's completly diferent from a soldier.    The blu-ray version has an on-screen menu, with glossary, chain of command and map of the area, which makes it perfect for the viewer not used to all the military therms and chain of command to better understand the story. Also, talking about military therms, the series is very faithfull to reality when it comes to this, using all the real therms the military use talking over the radio or even when the soldiers talk to each other off-combat.     This is a very realistic series, giving a small scale picture of the war in Iraq. I would recommend this to anyone thinking of buying.
0765348276|5.0|I've read [[ASIN:1596062754 The Last Colony]], by John Scalzi, and I remember thinking, \\"Wow, I should read the early books in this series.\\"  I finally got around to it (thanks to a friend loaning me the book).<br /><br />It was worth the wait.<br /><br />Old Man's War (the male pronoun is, fortunately, is not indicative of a future gender bias) is the story of widower John Perry who, on his 75th birthday, joins the Colonial Defense Force (CDF).  Earth is but one planet colonized by humans, and the many other intelligent species in the galaxy compete with humans for habitable planets.  The CDF defends the colonies, the recruiters say.  Now, this isn't some future where, at 75, you've had \\"rejuvenation\\" treatments that have you looking and acting as a much younger person.  In Old Man's War, at 75, you clearly are looking into the grave.  But the rumor is that CDF has the technology to make you young.  After all, they recruit OLD PEOPLE!  Because of strict quarantine regulations, no CDF recruit ever returns to Earth.<br /><br />You will follow John Perry through induction, boot camp, and his initial career in CDF.  And you will be as surprised as he regarding what this truly involves.<br /><br />Old Man's War is engaging, exciting, and engrossing.  You'll experience new technologies, new species, and new cultural attributes of humans.  I was recommending it minutes after I finished it, and I really look forward to the next book in the series, [[ASIN:0765354063 The Ghost Brigades]].
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Mostly used the trigger for FPS gaming. I originally purchased for 1 controller to try out. I realized that when using the control without the trigger something was missing. I ended up purchasing a second trigger for the other control. I haven't had any issues with the trigger falling off due to normal use. Pick this product up. Defiantly well worth the price!
0977326403|5.0|Good To Great And The Social Sectors is not a repeat or condensation of author Jim Collins' original book, Good To Great.  As he states in the introductory author's notes, \\"I originally intended this text to be a new chapter in future editions of Good To Great.  But upon reflection, I concluded that it would be inappropriate to force my readers to buy a second copy of the book just to get access to this piece - and so we decided to create this independent monograph.  That said, while this monograph can certainly be read as a stand-alone piece, I've written it to go hand-in-hand with the book, and the greatest value will accrue to those who read the two together.\\"<br /><br />Well, I don't don't know about the \\"greatest value\\" issue, since this is the first book (or monograph) I've read by Jim Collins.  But I will say that it is eminently readable, well-organized and written, concise, and focused on being of use to the social sectors.<br /><br />The social sectors of our community have different needs, resources, staffing alternatives, and even passions than the business sectors.  Although financial criteria may be a critical metric for determining whether a business is good versus great (but not always; see [[ASIN:1591796881 Passion and Purpose]], for notes by John MacKey, CEO of Whole Foods), the social sector may have different critical metrics.  Jim Collins gives some hints for determining what those metrics might be, and he discounts the dollar as the ultimate metric.  Qualitative, not quantitative, metrics are important here, but he insists that metrics be developed.<br /><br />Collins also discusses leadership styles and functions, filling an agency or business with high-functioning believers and achievers, doing whatever it is that you do well (and then building upon that, ad infinitum), and more.<br /><br />I have a meeting tomorrow that required the reading of this book as \\"homework\\".  So tomorrow I get to see whether others find it logical and inspiring as well.  In the meantime, I look forward to thinking about how these principles and observations apply to the various social sector agencies and organizations I am involved with.forward to thinking about how these principles and observations apply to the various social sector agencies and organizations I am involved with.
B000000P11|3.0|Best song: Swamp Thing. Depending on the mood I'm in, I go back and forth between loving and hating this CD.
B000BBOV8U|5.0|Everything you could want from Bryan Adams
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I has this as an album as a child. It brings back such wonderful memories !
B000A0GYD2|5.0|Truth is stranger then fiction as the saying goes. If there ever was need to prove this one would need to look no further then HBO's 1998 miniseries From The Earth To The Moon. Acting a bit as television companion to Ron Howard's feature film Apollo 13, this miniseries covers the years between 1961 and 1972, this epic twelve hour miniseries covers the race to the Moon from the perspective of those in NASA who went on the missions, supported them from the ground and watched them take place.<br /><br />The epic cast of the miniseries is where much of its success lies. While it may be lacking any \\"named stars\\" in its cast it is a perfect place for numerous character actors to show their talents. The cast ranges from Nick Searcy as Deke Slayton, Lane Smith as the Walter Cronkite-like TV reporter Emmett Seaborn, David Andrews as Frank Borman, Stephen Root as Chris Kraft to Ted Levine as Alan Shepard, Rita Wilson as Susan Borman, Dave Foley as Al Bean and Mark Harmon as Wally Schirra amongst many, many others. Then there is of course executive producer Tom Hanks who acts, at the start of all but the last episode, as a sort of Chorus introducing the viewer to the story that is about to unfold.<br /><br />The series is also blessed with fantastic effects work. From The Earth To The Moon builds on the fantastic effects work done for the feature film Apollo 13 to accurately and dramatically recreate the flights of Mercury, Gemini and Apollo. Of special mention is the effects work done in the episodes \\"1968\\" and \\"Mare Tranquilitatis\\". The CGI and model work blends in near perfectly with the archival material used in places throughout the series. Yet perhaps the biggest special effects highlight of the production is the moon walk recreations. As other productions on the moon landings have shown, recreating these famous moon walks are not easy and yet by the time you have finished watching the twelve hours this miniseries covers you'll be amazed at just how convincing the moon walks are. While there are one or two questionable special effects (such as the LLRV crash in \\"Mare Tranquilitatis\\") the effects are fantastic pieces that help make the recreation of the missions all the more believable.<br /><br />Yet the heart of From The Earth To The Moon lies in the scripts of its twelve episodes. Perhaps better then a documentary could, the miniseries' writing brings to the light of day the ambitions, dreams, egos, emotions, politics and the people behind the scenes of the Apollo mission to the Moon. While the first episode \\"Can We Do This?\\" moves along far too quickly due to the fact it covers as much history in a hour as the rest of the miniseries covers in eleven, the other eleven hours make for fascinating viewing. The various episodes cover the political fights that came up after the Apollo 1 fire (\\"Apollo One\\") to the lead-up to the flight of the first manned Apollo flight (\\"We Have Cleared The Tower\\") to the building of the Lunar Module (\\"Spider\\") to the media coverage of the Apollo13 mission (\\"We Interrupt This Program\\") to the scientific flights of the later part of the program (\\"Galileo Was Right\\") to the effect of the mission on the astronauts wives (\\"The Original Wives Club\\") to the contrasts between the 1902 filming of the George Melies film Le voyage dans la lune and, seven decades later, the last of the Apollo mission done in a documentary format (\\"Le voyage dans la lune\\"). Each script tells the story not only of the missions but of the people there as well and never does it descend into the clich&eacute; one has come to expect from TV docudramas.<br /><br />The best episode of the miniseries, in my opinion anyway, would be its fourth episode entitled simply \\"1968\\". Better then any documentary on the Apollo 8 flight I have seen to date, the Al Reinert (the filmmaker of the wonderful Apollo documentary For All Mankind) scripted episode puts the Apollo 8 flight in the perspective of the other disastrous events of 1968. Even more intriguing, the episode is stylishly shown with all of the Earth-bound scenes in this episode are filmed in black and white, while the astronaut scenes are in color giving an amazing documentary like effect for most of the episode. Add on the aforementioned acting and special effects, especially in the earth rise sequence, and the result is an amazing fifty-four minutes of television.<br /><br />Across the twelve hours and twelve episodes it covers, From The Earth Of The Moon is an amazing piece of television. From its fine acting, incredibly done special effects and fantastic scripts cover the story of the voyages of Apollo. It tells not just the story of the technological achievement of the Apollo flights but of the human stories that lied behind them, mostly unseen. While it might not always be exactly true to life it may well be as close to an accurate recreation of those amazing missions as we are ever likely to get.n with all of the Earth-bound scenes in this episode are filmed in black and white, while the astronaut scenes are in color giving an amazing documentary like effect for most of the episode. Add on the aforementioned acting and special effects, especially in the earth rise sequence, and the result is an amazing fifty-four minutes of television.    Across the twelve hours and twelve episodes it covers, From The Earth Of The Moon is an amazing piece of television. From its fine acting, incredibly done special effects and fantastic scripts cover the story of the voyages of Apollo. It tells not just the story of the technological achievement of the Apollo flights but of the human stories that lied behind them, mostly unseen. While it might not always be exactly true to life it may well be as close to an accurate recreation of those amazing missions as we are ever likely to get.
B001OQCV9M|4.0|If there was ever a doubt that Meryl Streep is this country's finest working actor/actress, \\"Julie & Julia\\" settles it.  She inhabits the physique, voice, manner and soul of Julie Child in an almost freakishly pitch-perfect way.  Those who knew Julia Child intimately have been moved to tears by her portrayal.<br /><br />Nora Ephron's script is brilliant - she had the insight to mash up two books: Child's [[ASIN:0307474852 My Life in France (Movie Tie-In Edition) (Random House Movie Tie-In Books)]] with Julie Powell's [[ASIN:031604251X Julie and Julia: My Year of Cooking Dangerously]].  The result is rather unbalanced: every professional review I read lauded the Child portions of the film while lambasting the relatively drab Powell parts.  Don't blame Ephron or sweetheart Amy Adams for that:  Julia Child spent eight years researching, studying, writing, re-writing and pitching [[ASIN:0375413405 Mastering The Art of French Cooking, Volume One (1) (Vol 1)]].  That, plus her television shows, plus other seminal works of American culture mean that she worked for decades so become an overnight success.  By contrast, Julie Powell cooked for a year and blogged about it.<br /><br />I'm not belittling Ms. Powell's accomplishments. But the juxtaposition of these two bodies of work comes down heavily on one side.  The movie is reflective of that imbalance.
0743270754|4.0|Given the plethora of books on Lincoln it is often daunting to decide where to turn to first, or which book to pick up next.  Team of Rivals is one of those books that will satisfy both the first time reader of Lincoln and those that think they had read all they had to read about Lincoln.<br /><br />Goodwin breaks her study of Lincoln's cabinet into two parts.  The fist part is a set of biographies of the rivals for the 1860 Republican nomination.  She takes in Lincoln, Seward, Bates and Chase, along with passing reference to other political rivals like Cameron and Stanton, who would also end up serving in Lincoln's cabinet.  It was a bit too straightforward for my taste, as she doesn't reveal much that is new about the persons or the intricacies of the nomination which saw Lincoln emerge from a dark horse to serious contender for the nomination because his pragmatic grasp of the issues of slavery in the new territories.<br /><br />Where Goodwin shines is in the second half of the book where she gives the reader a intimate view of the White House as Lincoln forms his cabinet and takes command during what had to be the most trying time in our nation's history.  She amply illustrates Lincoln's seemingly innate ability to lead by persuasion and well honed arguments.  Rivals become friends, especially in William Seward, who grows to respect Lincoln after his initial bitterness of losing the nomination.  Goodwin shows how Lincoln understood the various talents of his cabinet members, and how ultimately this gave him the inside edge in the Civil War.<br /><br />Goodwin does deal with the key Civil War battles, Lincoln's frustration with McClellan and his great respect for Sherman and Grant.  She also notes the various other forces that threatened to tear the nation apart like the Midwest Copperheads led by Vallidingham and the various battles within the Republican Party between the Radicals and the Moderates.  But, mostly she sticks to the White House, not only looking at the political situation at the time, but also exploring Lincoln's personal life with his wife Mary Todd and their two young sons, casting it in much more sympathetic terms than most historians would.<br /><br />For Lincoln enthusiasts there probably isn't a whole lot of new material here but I think all readers will enjoy the power of her narrative and ability to portray Lincoln and his \\"Team of Rivals\\" in very human terms.tion at the time, but also exploring Lincoln's personal life with his wife Mary Todd and their two young sons, casting it in much more sympathetic terms than most historians would.    For Lincoln enthusiasts there probably isn't a whole lot of new material here but I think all readers will enjoy the power of her narrative and ability to portray Lincoln and his \\"Team of Rivals\\" in very human terms.
0307269981|5.0|After reading \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,\\" I wondered whether crusading journalist Mikael Blomkvist or misanthrope hacker Lisbeth Salander was his Millennium trilogy's chief protagonist.  After reading \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire,\\" it's clear that it's the Salander narrative that is driving the train.  This book - every bit the equal of Larsson's first volume (no matter what you may read or hear) - is thrilling from Page One.  It's a delicious treat for those of us who fell head over heels for Larsson's detailed and knowledgeable writing on corruption, scandal, hackerdom, journalism and politics.<br /><br />I had ordered 'Fire' months in advance of the US release from Amazon UK.  As I write this review on August 16, 2009, I note that Part 3 (tragically, the last volume due to Larsson's untimely early death) is already available for pre-order there.  \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\" will be released in hardcover in the UK on October 1st of this year.  It's exciting but - at the same time - bittersweet to know that I'll be reading the next part of the saga prior to year-end.<br /><br />Notice that I said 'next' and not 'final.'  Larsson had sketched out a ten-book series.  That means Part 3 will probably leave many things unsorted.
B001HN697M|2.0|I guess stuffing a napkin in the upper lip of a actress merits overdoing a movie. they should have stopped with second one... first one was amazing. they are just milking it now, at least come up with a different plot if you're going to make a prequel, seriously... this isn't star wars.
B0011TQLA2|5.0|I love every song on this album. It gets better and better with repeated listenings.  I was not very familiar with radiohead before I got the album, but now they are one of my all-time favorite groups.
B001U7FWM8|5.0|this is a great album. the flow is wonderful. perhaps one of the best late night/gettin' ready to go to bed/mellow out records ever made.
B000GPIPD8|4.0|Very good straight ahead blues-rock, though not as good as the Black Key's Rubber Factory, which is superlative.
1416550542|5.0|Starting out seemed to be a slow read as the author jumped from character to character and between time periods, but like another reviewer said, it gets better after a while.  I'm not sure if she starts to tie the characters together so you can see where she's going or if you just get used to it, but it is definitely worth the patience.  The background stories of each character are vital to understanding why they act the way they do.  The way the author describes each character's history is phenomenal.  You can actually feel what each character is feeling.  If you want a book that sucks you in and won't let you go until you are finished, then get this one.  Highly recommend!
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I only buy these types of movies for my 5-year old niece.  She was entirely happy with it and had her mom call me and thank me profusely.  I give it a thumbs up.
6305358613|3.0|WARNING!!! SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!<br /><br />This interesting biopic about Elizabeth I, the greatest monarch England has ever known, features excellent acting all around, but is grossly inaccurate on a lot of points. For starters, Robert Dudley, the Earl Of Leicester, WAS NEVER implicated in any plot against the Queen, and they remained close friends until his death. Secondly, at the beginning of the movie, the guard who comes to arrest Elzabeth calls out \\"Princess Elizabeth!\\" In reality, Henry VIII had Elizabeth stripped of her royal title as a public display of her illegitimacy and she was formally addressed as \\"Lady Elizabeth.\\" Also, there's no evidence that Francis Walsingham (in reality in his 20's when Elizabeth ascended the throne) was involved in the death of Mary Of Guise, who in one scene, is riding in front of her troops. Back then, reigning women DID NOT ride at the front of their troops and rarely rode their horses with both legs over the side. Just some interesting historical details.<br />On the whole, like \\"Amadeus,\\" it's an interesting biopic, but inaccurate on several points. I recommend \\"Elizabeth I\\" starring Helen Mirren and Academy Award winner Jeremy Irons instead.
B0013ND30M|5.0|I only buy these types of movies for my 5-year old niece.  She was entirely happy with it and had her mom call me and thank me profusely.  I give it a thumbs up.
0393061434|5.0|Really interesting and funny book. I suggest it to all mac user addicted like me...
B001ILFUDC|5.0|My niece was so happy with this flick that she actually watched it 5 times before she called (via mom) to thank me.  Definitely a success with the 5-year old crowd.
B001NFNFNU|4.0|The Bottom Line:    Changeling is not quite in the same league as Chinatown and L.A. Confidential but it crafts quite a successful film on the same theme of crooked officials, bent cops, and decay beneath the glossy veneer of Los Angeles; the movie runs out of steam a little when it can't find a way to conclude the story, but if you enjoyed the films mentioned above you owe it to yourself to see Eastwood's capable take on this interesting true story.    3.5/4
B0000C9JCM|5.0|You may be one of the millions of people who have heard this music but have no idea what it's called. \\"Canon in D\\" has been played at many, if not most, weddings. It is simply beautiful music. But it is so much more than wedding music. It is extremely relaxing, can help you focus, and melts away the stress. You can take a 5 minute stress break by listening to Canon in D anytime you want at CanonInD . com. Some people consider it the first \\"pop\\" song because the canon pattern of the music has influenced so many pop songs. If you listen to the samples, you WILL recognize it. It's not nearly as repetitive to listen to as you might think a CD full of the same song would be. Love the Canon! There is a reason Canon in D can inspire so many compilations.
6305428352|4.0|The Bottom Line:    Mr. Holland's Opus is a decent inspirational-teacher film that wisely eschews the traditional staples of the genre to focus instead on crafting a portrait of the character of Mr. Holland himself; the film sometimes feels too loosely constructed and too long for its own good but all things considered it's not a bad piece of moviemaking.    3/4
B001993Y2C|5.0|What can I say, the best Sci-Fi series on TV in 25 years, on the best format, new extras, extended episodes, cool packaging. If you are a fan, get it while it's cheap!
0143038419|1.0|The title of this book is very misleading.  From the title one assumes that the author is interacting with the people and exploring the cultures of the countries she visited.  The only purpose of the author's travel is to find herself.    The first third of the book is supposedly about eating in Italy, but the author gives no information about the regional dishes of Italy.  The author travels to different parts of Italy, eats something and only lets us know that the food was delicious.  The few interactions she had with locals always ended up being about Ms. Gilbert.      Then she goes off to India to an ashram.  However, the ashram could have easily been in upstate New York, Oregon, or California.  The author tries to convince the reader that she is in India by mentioning her interaction wth a rebellious Indian girl, who works at the ashram.  The Indian girl's life was so fictitious sounding that I believe the author fabricated it, especially since the author so easily stopped mentioning the girl after the author received another duty within the ashram.        Then the author when off to Bali.  Thank goodness the author actually had interactions with the locals in Bali, and some insight into their beliefs.  However, it's not enough to redeem this book because you still have to deal with the author's neurosis.  Everything is about her.    I can understand why this book was so popular because the book ends so romantically.  I can see Midwestern women in bookclubs gleefully droning on how happily the book ended.  I would truly have no trouble with the book if the title was more truthful and it was marketed as an inner spiritual journey book.  Would I have read it then?  No, I would not have read the book.  I like travel memoirs to be about the places, cultures, and people of the places visited.  The authors can speak of their interactions, but the focus should be on the place visited, not the author.      Now the problem is that since the book is so popular the publishers will continue to proliferate the market with these types of books under the disguise of travel writing.  Thank goodness for the early reviews warning people who like travel memoirs not to buy the book.  I happen to come across it on a book sharing shelf and would have been angry if I bought the book.
B001TH16DI|5.0|I have bee a fan of Star Trek for 30 years. I watched all the movies on VHS and then DVD. When I found the release of the 6 movies on Blu Ray I could not wait. Watched the 6 movies over 1 week and enjoyed the fantastic quality of picture and HD sound. I just wish the Motion Picture companies would use 16 x 9 as the format so we can all get a full picture on our HD panels. Can't wait for the next 4 to be released.    Regards, Alan Henning  Australia
B00005QGAV|5.0|Thank you for this perfect quality CD. I have been enjoying it daily. The sound quality is great and the memories of hearing this old CD are fantastic! Long live the memory of the King MJ!!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|Nothing really needs to be said about this classic British sitcom, except that it contains some of the most brilliant, most hilarious, and most humiliatingly ghastly moments in the entire history of television.<br /><br />And \\"Fawlty Towers Complete Collection\\" brings together the entire series in all its embarrassing avalanchal glory. It's one of those universally funny TV shows, all about the undignified exploits of a perpetually hostile, repressed and tetchy hotel manager, and the more competant staff who try to keep thngs sane, written with demented zeal (\\"That's Brahms! Brahms' Third Racket!\\") and excellent comic acting.<br /><br />Basil (John Cleese) and Sybil Fawlty (Prunella Scales) run a moderately-sized hotel in Torquay, with the assistance of the clever waittress Polly (Connie Booth) and the Spanish waiter Manuel (Andrew Sachs) whose grasp of English is a work in progress. The hotel is home to a dotty old soldier, fluttery spinsters, and a revolving door of very dissatisfied customers.<br /><br />Basil Fawlty (Cleese) puts out a snotty ad to attract a \\"better class of customer,\\" which attracts a pleasant aristocrat. Basil fawns revoltingly over the man, neglecting the other guests. But savvy waittress Polly (Connie Booth) discovers that another guest (who Basil snubs because he's Cockney) is a member of the CID -- and that Basil is in danger of handing his valuable coins over to a con man.<br /><br />And it's not the last disaster that Basil only manages to make much worse: an inept gang of builders are called in while Sybil is away; a bunch of couples seem to be cheating on one another; four Germans arrive at the hotel just in time for Basil to suffer a brain-scrambling head injury; a deaf woman causes general hotel mayhem; and the creme-de-la-creme of Torquay society arrive for a \\"Goumet Night,\\" just in time for the chef to get drunk after Manuel rejects his advances. Hilarity (and roast ducks) ensue.<br /><br />An American tourist who demands a Waldorf salad -- after the cook leaves for the day -- ends up tangled in Basil's web of lies; an overnight guest expires in bed, leading to a frantic cover-up; an anniversary party is wrecked when Sybil storms out just as the guests arrive. And after a health inspector condemns Fawlty Towers, Basil discovers that Manuel has a pet rat (\\"Is Siberian hamster -- a filagree!\\") -- which is soon running wild through the hotel.<br /><br />Anyone who's sick of the recycled sitcoms (\\"Hot Young Urbanites Fall In Love and Have Misadventures\\") that pepper the TV landscape every single season might want to try \\"Fawlty Towers\\" -- the humour is still fresh, the writing is hilarious (\\"If the guest isn't singing 'Oh What a Beautiful Morning,' I don't immediately think 'Oh, there's another snuffed it in the night'\\"), and the actors were great at physical comedy.<br /><br />Basically every episode is about a bad situation that Basil makes infinitely worse, until the entire episode is a landslide of lies, offenses and disasters. Each episode is full of gags (Basil strangling the gnome), misunderstandings (\\"There's a kipper sticking out of your vest\\"), and plots that revolve mainly around Basil's increasingly frantic efforts to keep everything \\"normal.\\" Everything gets crazier as the episodes wind on.<br /><br />And Cleese's writing is typically brilliant here -- Basil gets most of the great lines (\\"Always reminds me of somebody machine-gunning a seal\\"\\") but there are some glorious bits of dialogue from others (\\"Will you stop talking about the war?\\" \\"Me? You started it!\\" \\"We did not start it!\\" \\"Yes you did -- you invaded Poland!\\").<br /><br />Cleese plays Basil as a slightly deranged, high-strung, incompetent guy who treats his customers like so many itchy spots, and Prunella Scales serves as the more competent, vaguely contemptuous counterpoint to him. Connie Booth's Polly is the only truly smart and clever person in the entire hotel, and usually gets sucked into Basil's freaky schemes (\\"Flying Tart!\\"); and Andrew Sachs is rather cute and sweet as the much-abused Manuel, whose half-learned English provides quite a bit of humor (\\"I am from Barcelona!\\").<br /><br />The new edition may be worth the dip for fanatical Fawlty fans -- apparently the entire series is being restored. Additionally, Cleese has gone back to record commentaries for ALL the episodes, and there are interviews with everybody in the main cast. Sounds like it's going to be good.<br /><br />\\"Fawlty Towers Complete Collection\\"  is one of those shows that shone brightly and briefly, like a fireworks display. Hilarious, uproarious, and utterly timeless.bused Manuel, whose half-learned English provides quite a bit of humor (\\"I am from Barcelona!\\").    The new edition may be worth the dip for fanatical Fawlty fans -- apparently the entire series is being restored. Additionally, Cleese has gone back to record commentaries for ALL the episodes, and there are interviews with everybody in the main cast. Sounds like it's going to be good.    \\"Fawlty Towers Complete Collection\\"  is one of those shows that shone brightly and briefly, like a fireworks display. Hilarious, uproarious, and utterly timeless.
B000NY17J6|5.0|Linda's greatest hits I & II is a wonderful collection of some of her best hits. She has such a powerful voice. Amazing vocals! She can take any song and make it her own. From ballads to pop she rocks!
B0006L0LOS|2.0|Sharon Stone (what was she thinking) co-stars as one of the employees that invents an anti-aging cream that has deadly side-effects.<br /><br />Halle Berry (what was she thinking) as Patience Phillips, the woman who stumbles onto the company's dark secret and is killed and dumped.  Magic cats find her and breathe new life into her.  And she pops out of unconsciousness like it's the most normal thing in the world.<br /><br />I was expecting camp but not to this corny degree.  Nothing like the comics at all.  The Catwoman in the comics is a cat burglar, who is the nemesis and sometimes-ally with Batman.  The Sixties TV series with several campy Catwomen were so much more intelligent if aimed towards a kiddie audience.<br /><br />The martial arts are a bit weak -- the cat thing is overplayed.  And the love interest is as bland as warm milk.<br /><br />Avoid.<br /><br />Better Halle Berry vehicles:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005YU1M Monster's Ball]] (Sexy)<br />[[ASIN:B000RO9Q7W Perfect Stranger (Widescreen Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:B001PPGAKS X-Men Trilogy (X-Men / X2: X-Men United / X-Men: The Last Stand) [Blu-ray]]]
B0026NWBY2|5.0|A perfict selection of songs from George's [[ASIN:B0026NWBY2  Let It Roll: Songs by George Harrison]]music collection.The remaster work brings out the music like your at a live performance.I enjoy listening to the cd.It doesn't get any better thyan this.
B0021L8US0|5.0|Peter Jackson does it again!<br /><br />In a documentary style (without the major shaky-cam of Cloverfield, thanks very much!) film from Peter (Lord of the Rings) Jackson and Neill Blomkamp. Great story with no-name (to us) actors filmed in New Zealand and South Africa. In some ways the story reminds me of Alien Nation, [Alien Nation - Ultimate Movie Collection] another tale of aliens incorporating themselves (or trying to) in human society. District 9 though is much darker!<br /><br />In this tale, we find what happened to a race of aliens whose mothership somehow stopped functioning and hovered over Johannesburg, South Africa.<br /><br />The humans burned their way inside and found aliens: they look like a cross between grasshoppers and lobsters and were later dubbed the degrading nickname, \\"prawns.\\" They were brought down to District 9, which some saw as humanitarian and later degenerated into a slum.<br /><br />after twenty years of inhabitation, the humans began to riot and wanted none of them. The parallels with the Prawns' fate and the now-defunct apartheid in South Africa are very clear, but Jackson and Blomkamp don't beat you over the head with it.<br /><br />The aliens are indeed disgusting. Some forage, some try to get by, and some even engage in sex with prostitutes, which we are fortunate not to witness.<br /><br />Our protagonist, Wikus, the son-in-law of a prominent administrator for MNU (Multi National United), is a clueless guy who is put in charge of moving the aliens out of District 9 and move them to another internment camp in District 10.<br /><br />He is clueless and at times heartless, as when he sets an alien egg pod building on fire and gleefully tells the film crew that the popping you hear are the alien babies dying, and \\"it sounds just like popcorn\\"! Geesh...<br /><br />During his clueless tour through District 9, he gets infected by an alien liquid that the Prawns have been secretly creating over the last twenty years to power their command module, which is buried beneath on of the ghetto shacks.<br /><br />MNU sees Wikus as a biological weapon and wish to \\"harvest\\" him. Wikus himself becomes hunted and now knows what the Prawns feel. A particularly poignant scene is where one of the Prawns, \\"Christopher\\" discovers his race is being used for experimentation -- he slumps in a very human gesture over one of his charcoaled comrades. Quite intense.<br /><br />The last third of the movie is more of a plain action/adventure shoot-em-up and though exciting (humans go *splat!*) does not end as I would like. The ending does make one ponder, however.<br /><br />I read that District 9\\" is based on 29-year-old co-writer/director Neill Blomkamp's youth in South Africa during apartheid, influenced by the real former inner-city District 6 in Cape Town.<br /><br />Fingernails falling out, black blood and a weapon that can gather bullets and fire them back are some of the highlights.<br /><br />Highly recommended!<br /><br />Other Peter Jackson Gems:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001KZVQJI King Kong [Blu-ray]]]<br />[[ASIN:B000654ZK0 The Lord of the Rings - The Motion Picture Trilogy (Platinum Series Special Extended Edition)]]cks.     MNU sees Wikus as a biological weapon and wish to \\"harvest\\" him. Wikus himself becomes hunted and now knows what the Prawns feel. A particularly poignant scene is where one of the Prawns, \\"Christopher\\" discovers his race is being used for experimentation -- he slumps in a very human gesture over one of his charcoaled comrades. Quite intense.     The last third of the movie is more of a plain action/adventure shoot-em-up and though exciting (humans go *splat!*) does not end as I would like. The ending does make one ponder, however.     I read that District 9\\" is based on 29-year-old co-writer/director Neill Blomkamp's youth in South Africa during apartheid, influenced by the real former inner-city District 6 in Cape Town.     Fingernails falling out, black blood and a weapon that can gather bullets and fire them back are some of the highlights.     Highly recommended!     Other Peter Jackson Gems:     [[ASIN:B001KZVQJI King Kong [Blu-ray]]]  [[ASIN:B000654ZK0 The Lord of the Rings - The Motion Picture Trilogy (Platinum Series Special Extended Edition)]]
B0000523IQ|5.0|Zep III is often overlooked due to the lack of hard rock songs.  However, Zep demonstrated the breadth of their writing and musicianship with this LP.  Their acoustic numbers, Bron y aur, That's the Way, Tangerine, and Hat's of to Roy Harper are a real pleasure to listen to:  The high quality pressing allows the listener to focus on each of the instruments and the layering of the music.  There are also the R&B and rock numbers that are in keeping with the Zep image:  Gallows Pole, Celebration Day, Immigrant Song, and Since I've Been Loving You.  I just wish that Classic Records were still producing these records.
0571195709|4.0|When I bought this book I expected the male view of a relationship on it's death bed with no responsibility taken by the main character at all.  Instead, I was treated to a very, honest and accurate account of a dying love affair.  As a woman, I recognize the many tell-tale signs that I personally have experienced as well as witnessed in other relationships that have hit rock bottom.  Like many people, I feel the main character was not really interested in fixing what was wrong and had just given up long before he decided to leave.  What turned me off a little, was the that majority of the book was spent with him sort of dragging his feet about whether or not he was going to leave.  It was obvious from the beginning that the union was over as far as he was concerned and that he wanted to be with his new love, Nina.  Even though, I respected him for worrying about how all this would effect his sons, I didn't respect the way he just crept away when no one was home.  I think he should have at least confronted Susan instead cowardly leaving a note.
B000053IFJ|5.0|There is no weak spot on this album.  Each song on Zep IV is solidly written and executed.  With this album, Zep set out to prove the critics wrong and they did so in a big way.  There is no label on the cover to designate the band  the name of the album, or the songs.  However, it quickly was scooped up by their fans and hit platinum (at a time when platinum meant something).  You can pleasurably play each side through and enjoy it from beginning to end and without redundancy or weakness.  Each song seems to naturally follow the flow of the other or create a counter point to the previous one.  This was no accident but a deliberate design of the band.  This is what set them apart and above the majority of other bands of that era.    How strange that it took all these years for someone to press these albums of such high sonic quality that they can now be enjoyed to their fullest.  I wish Classic Records would again reissue these so more can enjoy them at a reasonable price.
B0002VL0KQ|5.0|I just discovered this great CD when my daughter had her son.  It is a PERFECT baby shower gift or 'meet the baby' gift.  Almost every song is a lullaby to help sooth baby and they have such sweet meanings behind them.  \\"Beautiful Boy\\" is my favorite. I have been giving this as part of my gift to all my friends having babies. It is something they will probably never outgrow because the songs are so pretty. Celine's voice is perfect to sing these songs. Preview the songs - I guarentee you won't be disappointed.
B0012GMZA4|5.0|This is Rory's 5th studio solo album and to me it is his best (I have 'em all with \\"Jinx\\" being 2nd best to me). However, the remastered cd version with the bonus tracks isn't as good as the original version. I agree with what learn4ever wrote in their review, it doesn't sound the same. My favorite tune from Rory is \\"At The Bottom\\" and on the remastered version there is added slide guitar parts that isn't on the original version. Also, whoever remastered this cd deleted the last verse that says \\"Takes a fall to land you on your knees...\\" and used what sounds like an outtake vocal of the first vocal line. If you can find the Castle label or Intercord label cd version of this(it costs more) you will get the original album version mix. With that being said, the remastered version isn't bad, it gives you a little different sound of \\"Against The Grain\\".     If you're new to Rory and want to check him out, I would suggest to start with his 2nd solo effort \\"Deuce\\"(fantastic guitar playing). Your best bet would be to buy the \\"Original Album Classics\\". You get 5 classic cd's from Rory (with \\"Deuce\\" & \\"Jinx\\" being in that set) for not too much money. Enough of my rambling, Long Live Rory Gallagher!!
1423101499|5.0|Great continuation on this modern twist on Greek mythology.  Percy is now 14 going on 15...only one more year until the prophesy!  Riordan introduces more deadly and unusual monsters in this one, Percy has girl problems times three (even though he doesn't realize it), and of course there is a huge adventure.  Percy, Annabeth, Grover, and Tyson are sent on a quest to find the famous inventor, Daedalus.  The only problem is that his workshop is in the middle of the famous Labyrinth that magically changes.  It is a race against Luke and his monsters who are planning to revive Kronos and attack the camp.  Meanwhile, Grover is given only one week to find the famous Pan.<br /><br />This one was very hard to put down and, perhaps with the exception of the first book, I felt it was my favorite. I especially liked the growth in most of the characters.  Grover especially shows a growth in maturity and responsibility.  Annabeth is having internal issues that are not completely explained in this one.  Percy, too, feels a deep responsibility for Nico, who lost his sister in the previous book.  He also has to make tough choices about his future.  Even Nico learns valuable lessons.<br /><br />Overall, I thought it was excellently done and would be a valuable read for children, teen, and adults.
0061231401|4.0|This book is very entertaining moving rapidly between incredibly perilous situations similar to Indiana Jones.  You won't want to put it down wanting to find out how the characters extricate themselves for their current danger.  However, if you are looking for an impacting theme or character development, this book may not be for you.
B0001FUHV6|5.0|After watching the movie, I just had to have this soundtrack and I am not disappointed that I got it.  This music is what pulled you into the movie. Some of the songs have such passion while others such tenderness.  Wonderful!
0385737424|5.0|This is one of the best young adult books I have read yet this year, and I would place it in my top ten. The plot hooked me from the beginning with its subtle reference to a Wrinkle in Time, and the story compelled me to finish me in one setting.  The ending was also complete, but still left you wondering in a good way without feeling lost. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone and it might convince current kids and tens to pick up A Wrinkle in Time and read an older book!
0452289963|5.0|I had this book well before Oprah took it over, so I guess that makes me cool. This is a good book, and it's written with such a consistent, helpful message. It's a book I would take with me to a dessert island, if I had a bunch of books I could bring.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I thought this was a great series I even read the book which was also good can't wait for next series .
B001H5X7I4|1.0|SUCKED.  Not funny at all.  Worst Ben Stiller movie.  Why do people find foul language, sexual innuendos and blood appealing.
0525476881|5.0|Ever wanted to know how long a relationship would last? Who would break up with who? Have a way to figure out if beginning the relationship in the first place is even worth the trouble? Receive all those answers by plugging in a few factors into a mathematical theorem, sounds simple enough to me, and to Colin Singleton. Colin is a new high school graduate, a soon-to-be-ex child prodigy, and this theorem, the theorem that could potentially make him a genius, is the problem he is facing.    You see, Colin has a problem. Colin falls in love very easily. That wouldn't be such a bad thing if it wasn't for the fact that all his \\"loves\\" have been named Katherine (exactly 19 of them). Each of those Katherines have broken up with him for whatever reason; and after the love of his life (Katherine XIX) leaves him in a terribly bad place he decides to use that to his advantage. He tries to make himself a genius by coming up with the Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability, to not only make himself known for something, but to also figure out why all nineteen Katherines have dumped him.    As a distraction, Colin and his best friend Hassan set out on a road trip to nowhere, in The Hearse (Colin's car). Seeing a sign for the grave of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the boys head to Gutshot, Tennessee; a small town, where they happen upon Lindsey Lee Wells, a girl who is nothing like any Katherine has been for Colin. She reads celebrity rag magazines, her friends, her boyfriend (also named Colin, aptly dubbed T.O.C. aka The Other Colin), and her wealthy mother Hollis, who offers the boys a place to stay. The palace-sized home on top of the hill being more than just large and full of interesting things, but it's also a shade of pink only rivaled by a bottle of Pepto Bismol.    Hollis hires the boys to accompany Lindsey with getting an oral history of Gutshot, which means visiting everyone that works in the factory (which produces tampon strings, just so you know), the people too old to work, and the people so old to work they are in the old folks home. Colin also decides his \\"Eureka\\" moment is finishing the Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability, but what he doesn't count on is better than finishing any theorem. He not only finds himself, but that there are some things (i.e. chance, memory recollection, the unpredictability of matters of the heart) that can't be solved in a theorem, math, or science. Some things have to be lived, and we follow these three through their adventures, learning to be somebody, mattering as a person without being world-famous, and just growing up.    There are so many things about this book that I love! Upon meeting Lindsey's friends, the boys immediately came up with amusing acronyms for them (J.A.T.T. aka Jeans Are Too Tight, hehe). As someone who lives in Tennessee, I still couldn't help giggle every time Gutshot was mentioned. The footnotes! I forgot how fun those could be! The characters are quirky, and there is the ability to relate to them in a sense, and real. And the book taught me things I didn't know! Just for amusement, here are five things I didn't know before reading An Abundance of Katherines:    1. Nikola Telsa loved...pigeons (yea, I know)...and had the original electricity idea, not Thomas Eddison.  2. Looking at it from a scientific point of view, there is no proof that drinking eight glasses of water will do a darn thing for your health.  3. William Taft was not only the fattest president, but got stuck in a bath tub one time (hehehe, so funny)  4. Abligurition is an actual word, that I can't pronounce, but means \\"the spending of too much money on food.\\"  5. Not only is there a World's Largest Crucifix, but it is in Kentucky.    This is one of the few books that I would recommend to everyone! Don't worry about all the math, there are footnotes and graphics to explain it all. This is a book that guys and girls alike can enjoy!
B001VPJZ5O|5.0|Elwood Blues (Dan Aykroyd) picks up his brother Jake (John Belushi), after Jake is released from prison. They go to visit the nun who runs the orphanage where they were raised, only to learn that the orphanage is about to close due to a lack of funds. The Blues Brothers head to a church where the reverend (James Brown) helps them see the Light. \\"The band!\\" They need to get their old band together so they can have a concert to raise the money to save the orphanage. But this isn't a Mickey Rooney-Judy Garland movie. Standing in the Blues Brothers way are an angry rejected ex-girlfriend (Carrie Fisher), a group of neo-Nazis, and the police, who want to put the Blues Brothers back in jail for the crazy chaos that follows in their wake.<br /><br />The Blues Brothers movie is one of those classics fans will want to see over and over until they have memorized all their favorite lines. Aretha Franklin. James Brown. Cab Calloway. Ray Charles. The comic genius of Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi. And the comic-action of director John Landis. How could anyone not love this film?<br /><br />One more thing, for some reason, this DVD version is listed as \\"Not Rated.\\" The film was originally rated R for language and cartoon-style violence, but this was before the PG-13 rating was created. By today's standards, it would probably be rated PG-13.
B001GCUO4I|5.0|From what I have seen on the trailer and read about on Fangoria this one is going to be awesome but I found out that it has been confirmed by the producer Craig Perry that this will be the last one ever so I hope this film goes out on a high note R.I.P Final Destination.
0307269981|3.0|I agree completely with the Washington Post editorial comments that this sequel to \\"... Dragon Tattoo\\" is a exciting read but an inferior to its predecessor. Book 1 was a masterpiece in its construction, scene setting, character development, holding the tension at the perfect balance and not transgressing the line of credibility; a prerequisite to read first. When I finished reading it my first priority was to obtain book 2.<br /><br />Book 2 certainly lives up to its claims on the cover and continues the author's extremely worthy mission. It is altogther faster moving, more complex, and more emotionally challenging - a real roller-coaster of a read. Even more than book 1, it makes clear its ethical and social message. It also remains faithful to the primary players, evolving and exploring their characters in a little more depth. Salander, Blomqvist, Amansky - these are marvellously characters that you almost seem to know personally.<br /><br />On the minus side, it resorts to extreme sterotypes among some of the minor players and overplays many of the dialogue scenes. Also (in my view) there are too many coincidences in the storyline, while some of the action scenes (superbly handled in book 1) are over-the top to the point of complete incredibility. These negative comments do not detract from the \\"core\\" of the Millenium series, but do rather spoil what could have been truly outstanding. A worthy but flawed sequel.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Okay, you're not going to want to screen \\"True Blood\\" for the little ones or for that dear old religious Aunt who complains every time someone \\"uses the Lord's name in vain\\" on a show.  But True Blood is silly and fun and steamy and sexy and if you think a show is good with a couple of memorable characters, you're going to LOVE \\"True Blood\\" and its cast.  Minor characters make an impression and there are several performers who are near \\"star\\" status.<br /><br />I haven't read the Sookie Stackhouse Southern Gothic Vampire Novels that serve as the source material for the series, but I find these shows a great hoot.<br /><br />True Blood is set in Bon Temps Louisiana, a fictional parish in a fictional alternate universe where the Japanese have invented a synthetic blood product so good that vampires have been \\"out of the coffin\\" for two years.  The swampy backwater redneck town of this show would be pretty entertaining even without the vampires, but the setup is a pretty original take on the vampire story.<br /><br />Heroine Sookie Stackhouse (played by Academy Award winner Anna Paquin) is a waitress at Merlotte's diner, where owner Sam not so secretly pines for her and Sookie has to concentrate to not allow her telepathic powers overwhelm her as she \\"hears\\" the thoughts of the customers. (Since a plot point is what a relief it is for Sookie to NOT be around people and have to \\"listen\\" to their mental projections it is curious that she purposefully works at this job where she is surrounded by people all the time.  Wouldn't she have been happier as a solitary gardener or something?)<br /><br />Sookie has a brother named Jason, played by Ryan Kwanten.  Jason is all muscle and boiling sexual energy, with scarcely a thought in his head, but he is handsome and muscular and has no shortage of women around Bon Temps willing to satisfy his sexual urges.  (Sookie, by contrast, is a virgin as the show opens, and admonishes people for their actions and language around her.)  Sookie's best friend since childhood Tara is played by Rutina Wesley and although it appears that Tara is an \\"angry black woman\\" caricature, Wesley brings a tender vulnerability to the role that makes you pull for her, and laugh all the more when her in-your-face-and-in-your-bizness persona goes off on someone being stupid - which happens often in Bon Temps.  Tara has a cousin named LaFayette played by Nelson Ellis.  LaFayette is practically a one man greek chorus.  Flamboyantly gay, he exploits his sexuality and has insights into the nightgames of others.  He also conveniently works on the same construction crew as Jason during the day - and cooks at the same restaurant with Sookie and Tara and Sam, as well as being a freelance drug dealer and male prostitute.<br /><br />In the opening show we're introduced to Bill Compton, a handsome, brooding but gentlemanly vampire played by Stephen Moyer.  We find out that Bill is descended from the Comptons who have long since died out, and lives at the thought deserted old Compton place.  Bill was made a vampire at the end of the Civil War (which Sookie's Aunt, played by Lois Smith, thinks makes Bill an ideal person... er... Vampire... to speak at one of her \\"Descendents of the Glorious Dead\\" meetings.) Bill has \\"gone mainstream\\", which makes him something of an outsider to Vampires who think that a life... er.. uh... DEATH... on Tru Blood would be the equivalent of a human living forever on Slim-Fast.  Virgins, we're told, have particularly good-tasting blood, so some Vampires are envious that Bill has laid claim to Sookie.<br /><br />In addition to the new takes on Vampire mythology such as the synthetic \\"Tru Blood\\" and the fact that Vampire blood (sold by dealers such as LaFayette as \\"V\\") enhances the senses (in small 1-2 drop doses - one grisly/hilarious episode includes randy Jason greedily drinking a whole tube of \\"V\\" with a serious case of priapism resulting.)<br /><br />The show is also set up in classic serial format, with a mini cliff-hanger at the end of every episode and beginning at the next moment with the next episode.  You barely get a chance to catch your breath.<br /><br />There are deaths, but there is also love.  There is plenty of fornicatin', but for many characters you get a sense of their yearning for redemption as well.  The opening sequence is absolutely brilliant and sets the tone for the show - over the bluesy honky-tonking song \\"Bad Things\\" we see a video montage alternating between sexy dancing, church dancing, dead things and deadly things and ending with a baptism as the song tells us \\"I want to do bad things to you...\\"<br /><br />I rank it a hair below the best television I've ever seen - and a brief version of my favorite tv shows would include M*A*S*H, The West Wing and Dexter.d beginning at the next moment with the next episode.  You barely get a chance to catch your breath.    There are deaths, but there is also love.  There is plenty of fornicatin', but for many characters you get a sense of their yearning for redemption as well.  The opening sequence is absolutely brilliant and sets the tone for the show - over the bluesy honky-tonking song \\"Bad Things\\" we see a video montage alternating between sexy dancing, church dancing, dead things and deadly things and ending with a baptism as the song tells us \\"I want to do bad things to you...\\"    I rank it a hair below the best television I've ever seen - and a brief version of my favorite tv shows would include M*A*S*H, The West Wing and Dexter.
B0012GN3RI|5.0|...and glad I bought it again.<br /><br />Worth my money and time. And great service, too!
B001OQCV2Y|2.0|In a small French village, a Jewish refugee named Shoshanna escapes the massacre of her family at the hands of a group of Nazi soldiers, led by the egomaniacal Col. Hans Landa.    In the United States, grizzled army commander Lt. Aldo Raine prepares to take a secret squad of Jewish soldiers - codenamed the \\"Basterds\\" - behind enemy lines, to spread fear amongst the German army and thin the Nazi ranks on a ground level.    In Berlin, Hitler is plagued by reports of these \\"Basterds\\", but is also preoccupied with the deeds of young soldier Frederick Zoller, whose escapades in a small village in Italy have given the Nazi war machine a much-needed shot of pride. Zoller, for his part, is smitten with the charms of Mlle. Mimieux, the young and pretty owner of a parisian Cinema.    How Tarantino combines these plot threads into a story arc is best left to him, so I won't write any spoilers, suffice it to say that in my opinion, \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" is worth watching, but sadly isn't as worthwhile as Tarantino's earlier releases.    Performace-wise there are four standouts: Michael Fassbender is assured and confident as suave British Lt. Archie Hicox, Diane Kruger's reading of German actress Bridget Von Hammersmark is authentic and satisfying, Mélanie Laurent is an excellent, wisely-underplayed Shosanna Dreyfuss, and Christoph Waltz absolutely shines as the oddly poetic Nazi Col. Hans Landa.     The Basterds themselves are, surprisingly, not on the screen for vast stretches of time, and none of them gives a particularly memorable performance, besides Pitt: but memorable is a subjective term, and for my money, Pitt's faux-grizzled tongue-in-cheek portrayal of Aldo Raine is a fatal mistake: it's memorable because it's Brad Pitt, in a Tarantino picture, but beyond that it's childish and pretentious. Pitt's not got the chops to carry this role off, and because of this, the whole Good Guys side of the movie is lent a decidedly silly air.     Silliness is a theme that runs through the movie: the graphic violence in \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" is nowhere nearly as gruesome or as vicariously satisfying as \\"Kill Bill\\" or \\"Reservoir Dogs\\" - a shame, since Tarantino's dealing with an exaggerated view of one of the most violent periods of human history. Sure, there's blood, there's guts - but there's not a whole lot of it, and what's there is more B-movie than B-movie Homage.     Direction is similarly underdone: after the prolonged introductory scenes in a French farmhouse (saved only by the magnetic performance of Waltz, and the tiny-but-excellent cameo of Denis Menochet) the usual Tarantino \\"touches\\" are trotted out - weird credits, incongruous music, Samuel L. Jackson, disruptive backstories - but they're rolled off a production line along with a lot of the rest of this movie, as though someone had a quota of Tarantinisms to fill. These idiosyncrasies are presented so baldly and flatly that they quickly become clichés,  and shove the war-on-terror subtext into painfully obvious relief.     Overall, for me, \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" lacks the finesse of Tarantino's earlier work. There was a real potential for character coolness, like the Bride, Vincent Vega, Jackie Brown or Stuntman Mike, but by and large it's unexplored in favor of OTT stereotypes or underused roles. The direction's not what it's been in the past, and the violence, when it's present, is just a bit amateurish. See it in the cinema, it needs a big screen, and Waltz, Fassbender, Kruger and Laurent's performances are worth the price of admission - just be aware there's not enough of them to cover over the bad points.
B000I0RR76|5.0|A bit about the film: it's charming.  It's colorful.  It's greenwood.  Robin's bow is Native American.  And Robin really sums up the ideology of the English/Scottish ballads, of the type of the 'fair warrior' or 'hynde child' which Robin Hood is traditionally made out to be.<br /><br />The firstan weed that he drew on (weed-cloths)<br />It was o' the linen clear<br />The nextan weed that he drew on<br />It was a weed o' weir (war)<br /><br />The nextan weed that he drew on<br />It was baith good iron and steel (both)<br />Twa gloves o plate, a golden helmet, (2)<br />became that hynde child weel (well)<br /><br />Or:<br /><br />He decked his men in Lincoln green<br />Himself in scarlet red<br />Fair of his chest then was it seen<br />When his silver arms were spread.<br /><br />The 'Adventures of Robin Hood' is definitely (from my perspective at least) something which nobody should miss out on.  (!!!)  It inspired me at least, on my first watching some 3 to 4 years ago, to begin researching the Robin Hood legend in hopes of finding out how old he was, mostly due to a Welsh wren song I had just learned which went like this:<br /><br />Ble'r ty myn, medda Dibbon wrth Dobbin<br />Ble'r ty myn, medda Ricart wrth Robin<br />Ble'r ty myn, medda Sion<br />Ble'r ty myn meddar nefar beyond.<br /><br />'Where are you going, says Dibbon to Dobbin, Richard to Robin, Shaun, and the never beyond.  Answer: I'm going to the woods to hunt the wren!<br /><br />So I noticed there was a Robin and a Shaun (Little John) and that got me started on a long trail, which ultimately owes its inspiration to this film!<br /><br />There's English versions too:<br />(Oh where are you going said Milder to Moulder<br />Oh we may not tell you said Festel to Fose<br />We're off to the woods said John the Red Nose<br />We're off to the woods said John the Red Nose) and they mention Robin too ...<br /><br />One of the fun points from the film would be where Robin is caught and about to be hung, and he looks around him and sees all his friends ready in the crowd.  That is from the original legend, but the story is usually preserved in Scottish songs, not English, so no idea where the moviemakers got it.<br /><br />Another bit of fun is Robin's duel with Little John (great action there, but it ought to be sword, not quarterstaff) his sword-duel with Friar Tuck (which ought to be quarterstaff!) and his leaping from a tree before the bishops. (Very appropriate.)  He's King of the Woods, completely.<br /><br />If you get it, I'm going to bet you'll enjoy it!  [...]in Scottish songs, not English, so no idea where the moviemakers got it.      Another bit of fun is Robin's duel with Little John (great action there, but it ought to be sword, not quarterstaff) his sword-duel with Friar Tuck (which ought to be quarterstaff!) and his leaping from a tree before the bishops. (Very appropriate.)   He's King of the Woods, completely.    If you get it, I'm going to bet you'll enjoy it!   [...]
B000002LAB|2.0|Aside from a few distinct passages, this comes encased in 80's production so densely plastic it hard to appreciate seldom segments that do gel. Davis obviously sought Miller's direction for late-career relevance but with Tutu vibrancy ended up backfiring.
0783229321|5.0|Great movie!!!  This version contained the original movie along with lots of interviews those involved with creating and acting in this classic movie of all times.
B000U6DU9W|5.0|This is my favorite episode of Eureka. Much of what happens later hinges on this episode, so if you haven't seen it, be sure to watch it! Love this show.
0312360266|4.0|I absolutely loved this book!  The story and the different take on the vampyre lore was just fantastic.  The only thing keeping me from giving it 5*'s is some of the language the author chose to use for the main characters and I'm not talking foul language.  I'm talking about \\"poopie\\" and \\"boobie\\".  Really?  Do you know many 16yo that use that kind of language a dozen times a day.  It got really old really fast.  It's too bad because that detracted from a great story.  The other thing that I didn't care for was that the author didn't address how vampyres fit into society.  After getting into the story a bit it was obvious that vampyres are common knowledge.  It just would've been nice to see how they fit in.    I love the main charater, Zoey.  Some of the reviews say that she's cliche, she whines too much and is uninteresting.  I completely disagree.  She's funny/sarcastic, smart and loyal.  We learn about bits of her Cherokee heritage, we watch her learn more about becoming a vampyre and see her make true friendships unlike the ones she had prior to being marked.  She quickly becomes a very strong character and I'd be willing to bet that as this series continues...Zoey will keep learning and getting stronger.  I can't wait to pick up the next book!
0307278255|5.0|Reading this book is like taking a vacation. This is one of those that you really cannot put down, not when you get sleepy, not when you have to go do something else. Jhumpa Lahiri's lovely prose draws you into a completely different world. The simplicity of the stories, combined with the complexity of the characters, contribute to a very real dose of \\"hey, this is like my life\\". Happy sighs.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|The CD was a great buy.  Has Michael Jackson's greatest hits.  My two faves: Smooth Criminal & Dirty Diana
B001R7IHA0|5.0|A great guiter player and song writer --- glad we have him in the US.
1423113497|5.0|It is almost impossible anymore not to \\"compare\\" such newer book series to Harry Potter, and there are certain similarities, none of which interfere with the enjoyment of this far more amusing adventure series.<br />While anyone with a good knowledge of Greek mythology will instantly recognize in advance the situation/s into which hero Percy Jackson is heading, oft-times that could be just as fun as being unaware of what dangers he and his friends face.<br />As of this entry, I have acquired the first four books of the five-book series, as the fifth book, as of this entry, has not been released in paperback as has the first four titles, though in bookstores I am reading it when I can (and even once read I will purchase it when it is released in the same-style paperback).<br />I came across the series after seeing the teaser for the first movie, \\"The Lightning Thief,\\" set for February 2010 release (a good friend of mine playing the disguised Mrs. Dodds [the Fury] was also a factor); I bought the boxed set and book four right away and sped quickly through them.<br />Written in the first person, the story and characters are engaging, the first-person editorial comments and observations invariably amusing, and the adventure/s exciting.<br />The series never really gets *as* dark (or convoluted) as the Harry Potter books, but Percy does have to make some very strong decisions to accomplish his goal of defending the Olympian gods and Olympus, the latter of which now rests hidden above New York city.
0553381687|5.0|I have no doubt anything I will say here has already been said, but I am making a point of reviewing the books I read in the possible hope it will help others, and also for myself.<br /><br />I'll start with the negatives/reasons you might not want to read this.  If you are a fan of Robert Jordan, I would consider his books to be rated the equivalent of a PG to PG-13.  This book is at least R, if not NC-17.  There are many disturbing things that happen in this book, including torture, rape, incest, and many other pretty disturbing images.  The language itself isn't too bad compared to many books, but certainly covers the spectrum of bad words.  There are some vivid sexual descriptions as well, at least compared to what I am used to reading.  I mainly note all of that because someone like my sister would throw away a book she loves if it had any of the prior things in it.  Myself, I couldn't care less.<br /><br />Now onto the good things.  The author does a great job of creating an entire world that seems quite realistic (in the sense of a fantasy).  There is a rich history to the world, but of course it isn't just told to us.  You hear bits and pieces of it as the story goes along, which also shows different viewpoints on the same events.  The author creates great characters who you hope to see through to the end, yet he also makes it clear early on that none of them are safe and he is willing to kill important characters.  Another great feature of this book is that there is a lot more gray area in the whole \\"good\\" vs \\"evil\\" concept.  There are certainly good guys and bad guys, but a number of characters are a bit less clear.  Finally, the story line itself is not entirely predictable.  Sure, a lot of events you can see coming and are even foreshadowed.  Yet other times when you think you know what will happen, something different will come along and completely change that entire story line.<br /><br />The story is based in a land of knights and lords.  There is very little magic performed in this book, nor are there many \\"magical creatures\\" (but there are some important ones).  There is one king who rules the entire continent.  There are many houses and lords who are higher ranking (some of whom descended from kings before the lands were united), who ultimately control the majority of the plot.  Meanwhile, to the north of the continent is a giant wall, beyond which is a lot of unknown.  Legends speak of magical creatures, who have invaded the lands in the past (hense the need for a wall), usually during winter.  The current summer has lasted for years, but legends say the longer the summer, the longer the following winter.<br /><br />The story itself is told through the viewpoint of a number of characters, mostly all members of the Stark family.  They are lords of the North, who used to rule the north-lands.  The story mostly follows this family (each chapter taking the perspective of a different character) as the events of the book cause them to end up on their own separate paths.  There is Eddard, lord of Winterfell and the North, and his wife Catelyn.  Their daughter Sansa the perfect lady who dreams of meeting her knight in shining armor.  Their daughter Arya who is pretty much the opposite of Sansa, constantly getting into trouble and wandering off.  Their son Bran who wishes to one day be a knight serving his father or his older brother Robb (Robb and his younger brother Bran do not have chapters based around them).  Eddard's bastard son Jon who is raised with the others, but always knows he doesn't truly belong.  Then there is Daenerys Targaryen, one of two remaining kin from the last king who was deposed by the current king, who are in the free lands (across the sea from the main story).  Finally, there is Tyrion Lannister, the brother to the Queen who unfortunately was born a dwarf.  Each character is likable, yet flawed.  They all go through their own tests in the story, with different results for each.in this book, nor are there many \\"magical creatures\\" (but there are some important ones).  There is one king who rules the entire continent.  There are many houses and lords who are higher ranking (some of whom descended from kings before the lands were united), who ultimately control the majority of the plot.  Meanwhile, to the north of the continent is a giant wall, beyond which is a lot of unknown.  Legends speak of magical creatures, who have invaded the lands in the past (hense the need for a wall), usually during winter.  The current summer has lasted for years, but legends say the longer the summer, the longer the following winter.    The story itself is told through the viewpoint of a number of characters, mostly all members of the Stark family.  They are lords of the North, who used to rule the north-lands.  The story mostly follows this family (each chapter taking the perspective of a different character) as the events of the book cause them to end up on their own separate paths.  There is Eddard, lord of Winterfell and the North, and his wife Catelyn.  Their daughter Sansa the perfect lady who dreams of meeting her knight in shining armor.  Their daughter Arya who is pretty much the opposite of Sansa, constantly getting into trouble and wandering off.  Their son Bran who wishes to one day be a knight serving his father or his older brother Robb (Robb and his younger brother Bran do not have chapters based around them).  Eddard's bastard son Jon who is raised with the others, but always knows he doesn't truly belong.  Then there is Daenerys Targaryen, one of two remaining kin from the last king who was deposed by the current king, who are in the free lands (across the sea from the main story).  Finally, there is Tyrion Lannister, the brother to the Queen who unfortunately was born a dwarf.  Each character is likable, yet flawed.  They all go through their own tests in the story, with different results for each.
044024367X|3.0|Unlike the other Lee Child books that I've read, this storyline felt forced and didn't flow as well as others.
0449227421|1.0|I felt there was one, and only one slightly redeeming part of this book which was Follett's eventual answer to the \\"environment vs genes\\" debate that he weakly attempts to have through this book (and only because I actually agreed with the answer).  Outside of that, I feel sad for the time I lost reading it.  My biggest problem with this book (and the only other Follett book I had the misfortune of reading) is the horrific plot flaws.  Mainly the ones where the author takes characters, and then has them act completely out of character (typically they go from semi-smart to downright idiotic) purely to advance his plot.  It takes any believability away from the story, and makes me lose all care for the remainder.  I don't want to post any potential spoilers, but there are times when I just sat there wondering how a character who did so many intelligent things earlier could act so ridiculously stupid.    Ignoring the major plot flaws, the rest of the book is still quite bad.  The characters themselves are basically all the same with artificial details (I think this would be called \\"one-dimensional\\").  I'm not political (not a fan of donkeys or elephants), but I found the author's ridiculous stereotyping to be annoying.  At one point he even says something like \\"the other 6 board members were white males, so they would support him\\".  Another he says something like \\"this man helped to support murderers, rapers, and is against gun control\\".  I'm totally in favor of gun control, but what's the point in that statement?  To take a shot at conservatives?  To show that the author himself is not intelligent enough to distinguish between anti-gun control people and murderers?
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I checked this dvd out from the library and would definitely buy it if I could get more use out of it than just the next four months (rather than just checking it out and renewing it repeatedly).    Erin O'Brien is completely likable, fun, AND she's pregnant, which I always appreciate when doing a prenatal workout.  It's great cardio + strength, but very safe.  Many other prenatal workouts I've tried are kind of slow and overly gentle, but when I do non-prenatal workouts I have to modify or skip a bunch of parts which is never very satisfying.  This one I could do everything, the instruction was excellent, the pacing perfect, plus Erin just makes things fun.      The workout length of 40 minutes I feel is perfect, and the warmup and cooldown/relaxation sections are among the best I've seen for any workout, prenatal or not--they really do their job and are a nice mix of core work and stretch of exactly what was worked.    The only part of this DVD I have to skip is the additional 20-minute partner workout, because not only would my partner not be willing to stand there and let me use him as a workout prop for 20 minutes, but I don't think I'd want him to.  Can't imagine many people would use it, but it's nice that it could include a partner anyhow.
B0000A1HQP|5.0|The movie is based on a funny story. The two main characters act flawlessly in this movie. Most if not all scenes are produced in 2-3 rooms. The movie is intense in that there are very few moment of idleness. Everything that happens in the movie is used to trigger a new event. You do not have to understand french to enjoy this movie, but if you do you will laugh a lot more. If you are feeling down, I can think of no better movies to watch.
B001VS46DC|4.0|The performance is pure marvelous.  Oddly the DVD is selective on what machines it will play.  Some yield picture but no sound.
1416950176|5.0|Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black's [[ASIN:1416950176 The Field Guide (The Spiderwick Chronicles)]] is the first installment in the well-loved children's Spiderwick series. Following the separation of the Grace parents, Jared and the rest of the Grace family are forced to move to the ancient and decaying Victorian mansion of their crazy great-aunt Lucinda. Since his father's disappearance from his life, Jared Grace has been getting into fights and causing trouble. So when the family wakes up to the screams of Jared's sister, Mallory, to find that her hair has been tied in knots to the bedpost, it is generally assumed that Jared did it. But when Jared discovers a mysterious note from the previous owner of the house, he realizes that it might just be the clue he needs to unravel the mystery of who or what is living in the house with them and causing all the mischief that's being blamed on Jared. But what the note leads him to discover is something that he never could have imagined himself: that faeries exist, and one of them is wreaking havoc in their house.      [[ASIN:1416950176 The Field Guide (The Spiderwick Chronicles)]] is a gorgeous amalgamation of the illustrative genius of Tony DiTerlizzi and the story-telling prowess of Holly Black. Newcomers to Black's work will be spellbound by her imaginative writing and lovable characters. Having read Holly's work for older audiences, I decided to give the Spiderwick Chronicles a try and I do not think that I will be disappointed. Though this first installment is short and sweet, I suspect that there will be much to look forward to in the subsequent books. This is the kind of book that I wish had been around when I was younger. I highly recommend it to all fans of faerie, both child and adult alike.
0439023491|5.0|I loved The Hunger Games and could not wait to see what happened in Catching Fire.  I was a little worried that after seeing all the hype by people's reviews that I would be disappointed but I still loved it.  In fact, I read the entire thing in one sitting.  After The Hunger Games I was leaning slightly to Team Gale even though we didn't get to see him much.  I was hoping for more during Catching Fire and my one disappointment was probably not seeing more of him again.<br /><br />The story was again a great one.  Katniss and Peeta yet again find themselves having to deal with the fall out of the Hunger Games and the actions they took at the end of it.  Katniss did not realize that her actions may have contributed to the rebellions popping up in the districts & has become a symbol of that rebellion.  The Capitol's reaction will shock the reader and have you sitting at the edge of your seat.  There were a few things I didn't get how they happened but am hoping that is cleared up in the next book as you are again left hanging.  When is the next book coming out?  LOL.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|I concur with the sentiment that the original trilogy, as seen by me in theaters (dating myself here), needs to be released on Blu-Ray. Star Wars remains one of my all time favorite movies and I've owned the movies on multiple formats including VHS. I currently own the both the \\"raping of my childhood\\" edition, but more importantly, I own the laser disc ripped version Lucas released with the Collector's Edition which came out a few years ago.<br /><br />The laser disc ripped version will be the version I show my children, and I would love to be able to show them that version in the most pristine quality possible. That's why I'm joining my voice to George Lucas, to give us back our childhood, and release the version that so impacted us growing up.<br /><br />There is a market for the version that doesn't include the shoddy \\"Han jerking his head\\" at the last second, and I will purchase Star Wars, yet again, if that becomes a reality.<br /><br />After watching Star Wars in HD on SPIKE, I really want a HD version of Star Wars... but I want the option of having MY version of Star Wars, not what currently exists. The Star Trek: Original Series Blu-Ray did something clever, where they have both the original version and the enhanced version of the episode available, allowing the viewer the option to choose which version they want to watch.<br /><br />I won't be buying the Star Wars Prequels on Blu-Ray, I only own one on DVD (and I think that was a gift), so unless the original theatrical version is released on Blu-Ray, the Collector Edition DVDs will have been the last version of Star Wars I buy. In other words... release the theatrical version on Blu-Ray, and you get my money, don't and I keep my money. Sale lost!
B0006J28BO|5.0|This little tale is one of the most intriguing Studio Ghibli films I've seen. By far this one is on my top 5 all time favorite things to watch on a lazy day. I've seen it three times since my husband received it for his birthday and I am looking high and low for the soundtrack to play while I'm away from the TV.
0688014291|5.0|This book is great for first time managers.  The parable style is easy to read and comprehend.  I would highly recommend this as part of a management training or development program.  I have coached dozens of managers through this book.  Those that paid attention found the three simple rules enough to get a higher level of performance and respect from their subordinates.
B00005614M|3.0|despite playing with a electic mix of players that would go on to greatness of their own birth of the cool has a very dated feel to it. unlike mileses later works kind of blue and '58 which seem to have stood the test of time better...one of the weakness's of cool is probably due to the fact that so many band members needed to strech out so the album suffer from a cohesiveness that a true band brings to the table..but it miles and it worth a listen
B000002AGN|5.0|I've always loved the Dave Brubeck Quartet.  As a young drummer, my first jazz band was a clone of Brubeck's famous group.  His drummer, Joe Morello was and still is, a favorite of mine and a huge influence.    This is a \\"must have\\" recording for anyone interested in jazz of any style.  The song, \\"Take Five\\" written in 5/4 is also the biggest selling jazz single in history.  Morello's drum solo is still a lesson in taste for young drummers to study.  The flip side of the single was another huge and popular piece titled, \\"Blue Rondo A La Turk,\\" written in 9/8.  This song is included in its longer full version.    An all time classic recording.
0394721772|5.0|I've only recently become familiar with this quintessential book on French cooking.<br /><br />I adore Julia Child, even though she could be a pill at times.<br /><br />I consider this book an essential cookery book in any American kitchen.
044024367X|3.0|For anyone who has not read any of the Jack Reacher story's and reads this book, they will probably like it. However for long time Reacher fans this book may be a disappointment. The author deviates from the formula that has made the Reacher books so much fun to read and this book is not as satisfying as the other books. For me it wasn't so much that this book was a disappointment, so much as the fact that it wasn't up to the standard of the other Reacher books.
0307269981|5.0|I read the first in series The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo and couldn't wait to get the second The Girl who Played with Fire.  Best to read the first as it makes the 'Fire' more meaningful and like you're visitng old friends.  This felt like an epic and not just a typical thriller.  In both books I felt that the building of the story was masterful.  The development of characters was the best I've read for a long time, and the surprises more than once, had me laughing with excitement and surprise and complete awe of Stieg's intrinsic and yet simple way of leading you into the lives and feelings of his characters.  I loved Salander and Blomkvist, both are multi faceted and believeable whether you agree with life styles are not.<br />I haven't enjoyed a week of non stop reading as much as this for years and years.  I only wish that the third was available right now! and that Stieg Larsson was still around to give us even more.  I would love to know if any of his other books are being translated.<br />I can't say enough good about his writing.  It's not the typical thiller, murder mystery, or political thriller.  It is in a world of its own and I'm glad I got to enter that world.  It's hard to leave it, and I sat for a long time after I was finished between sad, elated, excited and wanting to go back into that world and be with them for a while longer.
1416914307|5.0|I was completely taken away with this book series. These are wonderfully  written and suck you into the book of magic, tragedy, love, and action, lots of action. This is also one of few book series I can say that I don't think is a \\"girly\\" or \\"masculine\\". I think men or women, boys or girls would enjoy.
B0013ND30W|5.0|The richness of the backgrounds, full of details, and the screen format make this film a good beginning for Disney classics in Blu-ray.  Who collects Disney classics, or animated movies in general, must buy this BD.
1416972242|5.0|This three part series is amazing. I could not put it down. This book is very well written and entertaining.
B0000YEEGM|5.0|\\"Rainman\\" is the story of two brothers who have never known about each other. After con artist Charlie Babbitt's (Tom Cruise) father dies he finds out his dad has left 3 million dollars to a son in a mental home. This son, Raymond (Dustin Hoffman), is autitstic, and Charlie decides in order to get his hands on the inheritence he will pull Raymond from the home and take of him himself. What follows is a touching story of the acceptance and understanding of people who are challenged, yet special, as well as a story of changing one's outlook on life as Charlie is forced to examine his own personna and to drop his conniving ways to care for his brother. This piece of work is some of the best Cruise has ever done and it's the best film Hoffman has ever acted in. It was no surprise the film became a huge boxoffice hit and garnered four Oscars, including Best Actor for Hoffman, Best Screenplay, Best Director for Barry Levinson (who has a cameo in the film), and Best Picture of 1988. The DVD is not really a \\"special edition\\" version, although we do have a few extras like the trailer and a minor featurette with an interview with the stars. There are three commentaries, one with Levinson who offers his thoughts on the making of the film. I just wished there had been a more insightful featurette on how the movie was made. Still, \\"Rainman\\" is an excellent piece of film work and one that holds up 21 years later.
1416955070|5.0|if you look at reviews 2 and 3 for this series you'll know what i am going to say :D. I love this series!!1
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|UP, the most recent release of Pixar, is a wonderful family film.  My husband, 12-year old daughter, 4-year old daughter, and I all loved it.  From the wee one, \\"Mommy, this is a great movie.\\"  In my eyes, there is no better endorsement.<br /><br />The plot of UP is original, funny, sentimental, and warm, perfect for a cozy family outing.  In UP, we meet Carl Fredericksen (voice by Ed Asner) as a timid young boy who longs for adventure.  Carl soon meets Ellie (voiced by Ellie Docter), a young girl who shares his passion for adventure, and who is fearless.  This chance encounter leads to a life-long partnership, marriage, and true love.  The opening vignette treats us to flashes of Carl and Ellie's life together:  the happiness, the tears, and finally, Ellie's death.  And through it all, Carl and Ellie maintain their love of adventure and of each other.<br /><br />But now, Carl is alone with his memories of Ellie and the knowledge that they never took their promised dream trip to Paradise Falls in South America, following in the footsteps of their beloved adventurer-hero, Charles Muntz (voiced Christopher Plummer).  When land-grabbing officials try to send Carl to Shady Oaks Retirement Home as a menace to society, he attaches thousands of helium balloons to his house and flys away to South America, house and all.<br /><br />But Carl soon discovers that he has a stowaway on his front porch.  Russell (voiced by Jordan Nagai) is a persistent (make that annoying) Wilderness Explorer Scout who is determined to earn his \\"Elderly Assistance Badge,\\" whether Carl wants his help or not.  Against all odds, this unlikely duo finally reaches Paradise Falls, where they find much more than they expected - explorer Charles Muntz, who is still alive, crazy, and fixated on clearing his name; Kevin, a rare and colorful bird with a love of chocolate; and Dug (voice by Bob Peterson), a loveable canine fitted with a voice box. Dug is wonderfully written; you can truly believe that you are hearing what goes on inside any dog's head...SQUIRREL!!!!  Throughout their myriad of adventures, the old man and the young boy discover they need each other, and that friendship is all the adventure they need.<br /><br />UP is beautifully directed, gorgeously animated, and superbly told.  Full of humor and emotion, it is a multilayered film, with meaning for any age.  You will laugh and cry as this touching, poignant story unfolds.  UP reminds us that love is the grandest adventure of all.  MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.<br /><br />BTW, the animated short \\"PARTLY CLOUDY,\\" which preceeds UP, is endearing, sweet, and a wonderful addition to the Pixar Shorts family.on inside any dog's head...SQUIRREL!!!!  Throughout their myriad of adventures, the old man and the young boy discover they need each other, and that friendship is all the adventure they need.    UP is beautifully directed, gorgeously animated, and superbly told.  Full of humor and emotion, it is a multilayered film, with meaning for any age.  You will laugh and cry as this touching, poignant story unfolds.  UP reminds us that love is the grandest adventure of all.  MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.    BTW, the animated short \\"PARTLY CLOUDY,\\" which preceeds UP, is endearing, sweet, and a wonderful addition to the Pixar Shorts family.
B002AT4K9Q|4.0|Thank someone they took the movie sorta back to the original.  This one was way better than the last one. Without Vin & Paul it's just not the same movie.<br />If they make another one I hope it's just as good as this one.<br />I have it on Blue-Ray it looks excellent.  Action, stunts, and decent story line made it much better than ahhh that Tokyo Drift What movie..<br />The only scene in this movie that was way to fake was the fast driving chase scene in the tunnel.  My PS3 looks just as good as that..to much CG and your gonna kill the movie..!!!<br />This is about fast cars, hot girls, and bad guys.  Not C G cars..!<br />But overall I enjoyed it much better than that last drift movie..which was a mediocre okay at best.
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|I pre ordered this movie from amazon.com before the release date and i didnt expect them to send it out till the day of release but when i checked the saturday before it was released it said that it was being shipped on that day to ensure a release date delivery, which it was.
0786838655|3.0|I am a major fan of books with greek mythology in them. I'm also a fan of youngish main characters learning magic.  So, I should have really enjoyed this book. Unfortunately, that was not the case. My main issues with this book are the amount of mythology and the ages of the characters. Some may disagree with me here, but the main character did not seem 12 years old at all. Percy and friends were going from town to town buying train, cab, and plane tickets without being stopped or questioned at all. Unless you can attribute the maturity to the characters' half god status, I don't buy it. The character interactions seemed to be on a 15 year old level at least, possibly up to 18. I had an extremely hard time remembering the main character was 12, and it really bothered me. Also, I would have liked to have seen more mythology. Some books I've read have been overloaded with mythology, in this one it seems to be a bit scarce. Sure there are minotaurs, hell hounds, fates, furies, hades, zeus, poseidon, and a few others but they are glanced over at best. They appear in the books but you don't get to know much about them. They have a line or two here or there and then they are killed or they ban you from their presence. This book could have been more in depth with the mythology, the mystery, and the action. I felt cheated at the end because I wanted more. A small mystery was presented and solved in a few pages, which was not nearly enough for me. The dangers facing our heroes were hotels filled with games and monsters running friendly shops. I had a hard time believing most of what happened, it seemed to coincidental and convenient. With all that being said I really enjoy the presence of greek gods in fantasy and I enjoy the maturity levels of the main characters. The quest in this book was a bit weak, but that only means it can get better from here. I have high hopes for the rest of this series. Very unique and entertaining, but not quite there yet.
6302518393|5.0|My Grandkids wore out my video tape of this movie so I bought a new one. They love it!!
0790729350|5.0|I was 20 years old in '69, didn't make it to Woodstock, even though I only lived 200 miles away in Vt. On this 40th anniversary, I am kicking myself repeatedly! I just bought the 40th anniversary directors cut boxed set and love every moment of it. But for me, I keep going back to those precious few moments where the three nuns are walking through the crowd. The wonderful smile and the spontaneous peace sign -FROZEN IN TIME- it just cuts to my soul! I can't help but wonder what ever became of that young lady in the blue habit. I have a feeling she lived a very PEACEFUL life.    God, I wish I'd been there!!
B002RSDW8A|5.0|Julie, a young, aspiring writer in a depressing job, decides to cook her way through Julia Child's book Mastering the Art of French Cooking in one year and to blog about it. This new activity becomes an obsession that strains her marriage, but in the end it provides her with the recognition she longed for.     While Julie is working her way through the recipes, the movie flashes back some fifty years earlier to follow Julia Child who has just moved with her husband to France. She finds herself with time on her hands and begins searching for something to do. She tries hat making, which palls, and then decides to go to cooking school, because what she really enjoys in life is, well, eating. She is the only woman in her class but is unflappable.     This is a feel-good film about how these two women used persistence and their passion for food to find personal fulfillment and the generous, understanding men who loved and supported them. The acting was fabulous, the scenes colorful and vibrant, the comedic moments well-timed and the sad moments poignant and fleeting.     What strikes me the most is how one woman making a single decision and following her passion has impacted so many of us. Julia Child was just a middle-aged married woman in Paris with nothing to do who took up a hobby. And thanks to Julie's blogging, which inspired this movie, I am now a fan of Julie Child. We all have the potential if we just follow our hearts.     This movie was wonderfully good and happy entertainment.
1572816295|5.0|The Paulina Tarot is a unique and charming approach to Tarot imagery, with a slyly engaging spin on the cards that visually and thematically owes very little to either the RWS or Crowley canon.  Cassidy sinks her taproot into the eerie and lovely realm of the Fey for her creation.<br /><br />The art reminds one of the elegant \\"arty\\" illustrations from the sixties, albeit with a sharply sweet kick.  There is also something of the fairy illustrations of the nineteenth century in the endless cascade of detail on each card, which draws one in.  Every time one looks at a card one sees something new.  A faintly \\"gothic fairy\\" feel to the figures with a lot of winks and nudges makes a reading seem a little like a dialogue with eldritch creatures. Even the minutiae is clever, fresh and witty, and the rich yet subdued palate is seductive.  There are lots of odd creatures skittering through the cards, all of them engaging without being cloying, even when they are genuinely spooky.<br /><br />The deck reads beautifully, enabling one to  focus on difficult issues with a gentle touch.  While not to every taste, for readings or contemplation the Paulina Tarot can be a delightfully unique and endlessly rewarding ramble through a refreshingly non-saccharine fairyland.
1573300403|5.0|THIS VIDEO IS A MUST HAVE IN YOUR LIBARY OF STUFF.. !!! THIS IS BAD ALL OVER AGAIN.. THESE VIDEOS ARE SO BREATH TAKING THAT YOU WILL WATCH OVER AND OVER.. THE INTRO IS LIKE WOW.. MICHAEL HAS FULL CONTROL.. WITH NO LIMITS.. HE IS SIMPLY THE BEST AT WHAT EVER HE DOES.. HE IS BAD/THRILLER/AND WHAT EVER ELSE.. THESE VIDEOS ARE TIMLESS AND ONCE YOU PUT THE DISK IN THE DVD MACHINE YOU WILL NOT WANT TO TAKE IT OUT BECAUSE YOU WILL WATCH OVER AND OVER.. IT IS SO MAGNETIC THAT YOU WILL LOVE IT FROM BEGINING TO END.. THE ONLY REASON YOU WILL TAKE IT OUT IS TO TURN IT OVER TO THE OTHER SIDE TO WATCH MORE.. MORE MORE.. ITS A TWO SIDED DISK FILLED WITH EXCITMENT.. THERE ARE NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE EXCEPT HE IS BADDDDD.... YOU AND YOUR FAMILY WILL ENJOY THIS DISK FOREVER.... ITS A MUST HAVE.. FOR REAL.. MAKE SURE YOU PURCHASE TWO.. BECAUSE YOU WILL WANT TO KEEP ONE IN MINT CONDITON AND THE OTHER YOU WILL PLAY OUT.. SO IF YOU ARE A TRUE FAN OR JUST WANT TO SEE SOME BAD KICKING VIDEOS.. AND PERFORMANCES.. THIS IS THE BEST BEST DVD HE HAS OUT THERE.. SO GET IT YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.. NO LIES.. HAVE FUN WITH YOUR DISK AS I AM WITH MINE IM WATCHING IT NOW. LIKE I SAID ONCE YOU PUT IT IN AND START WATCHING YOU WILL NOT WANT TO TAKE IT OUT.. ITS SO WORTH IT.....!!!!! GET YOUR S NOW!!!!
B00005QGAV|5.0|MJ is at it again and he's better that ever on this CD. This CD is hot and Michael is back up to his old tricks...........
B000002VQQ|5.0|Patti Smith is certainly a unique singer.    Her emotional vocal range, her raw influential punk-rock energy, and her songwriting talent.   Completely unlike any other musician at the time.    The amazing thing about a song like \\"Birdland\\" is how it's COMPLETELY annoying and terrible the first time you hear it, and on the second listen your opinion changes *drastically* as you adjust to Patti's vocal range.  At first it just sounds like a musician showing off her vocal range by singing nonstop for several minutes, then you begin to realize -perhaps as the lyrics start making sense or maybe another reason entirely- that Patti Smith had something good going back in the mid 70's.  Something no other female musician at the time could attempt.      She completely revamps \\"Gloria\\" for instance, a song I honestly don't like by every other musician who's attempted it.  THIS is how you do a cover song- make it completely different from the original, and yet me tell ya- this version *completely* smears Van Morrison or the Doors live version.  Patti Smith really changes the song by giving the vocals a more punk-rock energy that was sorely needed in all the other versions.      The 9-minute \\"Land\\" melody is amazing too- it sounds like old fashioned rock and roll turned into something magical and special thanks to Patti's vocals once again.   In other words, Patti Smith manages to turn old style rock and roll into something you want to pay attention to instead of dancing to it.  Incredible.    Sometimes on Horses her vocal range soars so high and she sings so passionately that her voice almost turns Asian a little bit along with a noticeably hoarse change in vocal style.  This is when she REALLY lets loose, like in \\"Birdland\\" near the 6 minute mark.    Overall, a great album you should probably pick up.
B000002UAX|5.0|I try not to write about well known albums, only because so much has been written. But of my thousanads of records, this is my favorate of all time.<br /><br />This is a big statement to make. One that I would never make. I am 40 and have had music for all three meals and snacks since I was sucking a pacifier. I hate top ten lists and good better and  best. Who knows or cares?<br /><br />But as always, the Beatles are outside the normal rules of discussing music, because they MADE those rules, their music IS those rules, personafied.<br /><br />I can back my largess up: An Amazon review is not big enough to talk about the Beatle's incalcuable importance. I doubt Amazon's mainframes have this kind of storage.  If you took every song from every album, and mixed out all sounds but Pauls' voice, or John's voice, or Paul's bass, or the paino lines, or George's guitar, any one of these aspects would be a major contribution not to rock, but music itself. And this does not even start to tell the story.<br /><br />But let's talk about this distinction between rock and the larger world of music. It seems good as any place to start explaining why the White Album might be music's most important.<br /><br />The Beatles, of course, brought music into rock, and rock into music. Their use of classical forms, eastern instruments, and styles like blues, classical and English pub songs, changed rock and roll from dance music to an all encompassing form in which anything can happen.<br /><br />Rock in the largest sense is our most comprehensive musical form. It is no longer a style  itself, but a frame in which infinate styles and permutations can be put. This thanks to the Beatles. Serious music people laughed at rock in 1963. In 1965, they were looking to rock for ideas. Yeah. That was The Beatles idea, too. Most rock people now still owe the debt, but make music shamefully unaware of this fact.<br /><br />The White Album best demonstrates why the Beatles' hand will forever have its omnipresent reach. This song set is  a synthasis of every aspect that made the Beatles the 20th century's most important artists, and those aspects are inumerable. This album contains blues, rock, country, ragtime, avant gaurde classical, spanish influences, proto punk and heavy metal, in a mosaic for all of us to awe.<br /><br />But it is not just that the Beatles could do anything. It is that anything they did became the benchmark for everybody else.  The miricle of the Beatles is that they were so embaressingly good, so immesureably inventive, they could line up one home run after another, easily as most musicans tune their instruments. It may seem simple and straight forward. But every three minute pop frame has a bass playing invention, an electronic step forward, a new way to use classical instruments. Even the organ on the end of \\"Long Long Long\\" is spun into a steemy, fright night innovation, and this is a snippet tucked on side three's end. Jesus, it is scary how the Beatles made invention seem so casual.<br /><br />Then there is airplane on the start of \\"Back In The U.S.S.R,\\" the segue into \\"Dear Prudence,\\" or the chilling string coda on 'Glass Onion;  all compositional and editing inovations, and these three tracks are only the first ten minutes. \\"Happiness Is A Warm Gun\\" is three unfinshed songs and John looking at a firearms ad in 1968, and we are still shocked by the ability to weld such diverse elements. \\"A little ditty,\\" he might say. But is he talking about drugs, Vietnam, Americans? You bet he is.<br /><br />'Helter Skelter': death metel before it had a name, never mind the engineering brainstorm of bringing the music back in after the first fade, or the guitar revs that mutate in mid air. If an unknown band had released \\"Martha My Dear\\" or \\"Savory Truffle,\\" and they were one hit wonders, they would get oldies airplay today. \\"Revolution #9\\" paved the way for every sound collage in rock that came afterword. Every DJ that cuts and pastes samples owesit to #9, know it or not.<br /><br />Though they wrote great songs like many of the era, the difference is that the Beatles took the time to try every possibility. They took the chances nobody else even thought of. They saw all music as one construct , and any piece of that construct could be welded to any other. Other bands served the music. The Beatles assumed it was their's for the taking--an audatious attitude, but they were 100% right.<br /><br />The Beatles, of course, built albums from the songs up, not the concept down. Even Sergent Pepper was given the name after most of the gospel was on tape. This  only highlights their genius more. John could be smoking a Guitan, scribbling on his panio, and it would become a major invention. A lot of these songs were written in huts in India. Little day by day doddles of young masters become tomorrow's genres. I am not sure the four themselves knew the full scope of their brillance.<br /><br />It was in EMI studios were the ideas were fleshed and new sonic techniques formed. Listen close to \\"Yer Blues'\\" mid-section. Ringo counts off  his drum fill, and it becomes a hidden part of the music. What is that noise behind Ringo shouting \\"I got blisters on my fingers,\\" George's Giboson SG? A crashing American plane in Vietnam? A soundtrack of a 60s race riot? How about the creepy little eighth note that ends the track.<br /><br />Sounds and sounds and sounds and sounds that remain hidden for years. Fifty years old, ten thousand plays, and you are still hearing audio you never have.<br /><br />I have nowhere near covered every aspect of this album--NO, this rock and roll dictonary. This modern encyclopedia of music. This gift from heaven.<br /><br />But the important thing is that this is why we listen to music. This is why we love the Beatles. This is the album that led us to everything else.<br /><br />Everywhere we have musically gone, it starts here. Everywhere we musically go, we ALWAYS  come back.the era, the difference is that the Beatles took the time to try every possibility. They took the chances nobody else even thought of. They saw all music as one construct , and any piece of that construct could be welded to any other. Other bands served the music. The Beatles assumed it was their's for the taking--an audatious attitude, but they were 100% right.    The Beatles, of course, built albums from the songs up, not the concept down. Even Sergent Pepper was given the name after most of the gospel was on tape. This  only highlights their genius more. John could be smoking a Guitan, scribbling on his panio, and it would become a major invention. A lot of these songs were written in huts in India. Little day by day doddles of young masters become tomorrow's genres. I am not sure the four themselves knew the full scope of their brillance.    It was in EMI studios were the ideas were fleshed and new sonic techniques formed. Listen close to \\"Yer Blues'\\" mid-section. Ringo counts off  his drum fill, and it becomes a hidden part of the music. What is that noise behind Ringo shouting \\"I got blisters on my fingers,\\" George's Giboson SG? A crashing American plane in Vietnam? A soundtrack of a 60s race riot? How about the creepy little eighth note that ends the track.    Sounds and sounds and sounds and sounds that remain hidden for years. Fifty years old, ten thousand plays, and you are still hearing audio you never have.     I have nowhere near covered every aspect of this album--NO, this rock and roll dictonary. This modern encyclopedia of music. This gift from heaven.    But the important thing is that this is why we listen to music. This is why we love the Beatles. This is the album that led us to everything else.     Everywhere we have musically gone, it starts here. Everywhere we musically go, we ALWAYS  come back.
B001E95ZHY|3.0|Jack Black wasn't very funny this time around... oops, I mean, haha.  Jack Black isn't in this one.  He's been replaced by some other guy that acts just LIKE him in every single (sometimes annoying) way.    Alright, you probably know what to expect- a bunch of teenagers (and one older man who's the main character) all get together to form a rock band.  They start performing at high school proms, get famous, have amazingly insane adventures along the way, and.... that's the main problem with the movie.  It was VERY predictable storyline-wise.      Everything that happens in real life to rock bands about how they start drinking heavily, doing drugs, getting chicks, and party the night away happens to the fictional band in this movie.   It's nothing new- you KNOW exactly what to expect.   It's been done before in other movies (such as that one Jack Black one about the guitar) and it's been done in real life thousands of times across the world.      At least some of the acting was decent, some of the jokes were pretty good, and the story was told nicely with a heavy focus on the fact that the oldest member of the band was 20 years older than the other band members (and how he got kicked out of his previous band 20 years before).  Other than that I have nothing else to say about a movie you know by heart without even having to watch it.
143915726X|5.0|I laughed and cried, laughed and cried. So well written, each character comes alive and makes you feel like you actually know this family. Grab some tissues, and when you're done reading, call your sister.
0316010669|5.0|Blink has two important messages - First it breaks the news that we are all capable of making snap decisions and yet make them right.  At the same time it repeatedly alerts us to the danger of judging a person by his mere appearance or outlook.     It essentially differentiates between objects and human beings - all examples where snap decisions can be trusted without doubt deal with objects only, however any decisions involving humans are complicated and need more prudence and experience to make the right move.     The author effectively promotes and puts the power of a superhero in the palm of our hands.   He tells you about superman's x-ray vision and brings home the idea that each one of us can see through the book cover and judge its actual content to some considerable accuracy. Though, it strongly negates the idea of sixth sense and focuses on case studies and examples which every person can relate to and hope to achieve.     One of the key achievements of the author is bringing forth real life instances where people with some relevant experience have proved the ability to make snap decisions and make them right.  It is an effort to explain the heart and soul of a human being and how important it is in judging situations and enables us to think in a blink.     It also guides us through the dark side of snap decisions - how to hone our snap decisions without being affected by our underlying prejudices. Everything that glitters might be gold but that greatly depends on an individual's definition of gold. This is also the part that needs more practice runs and trials before trusting our blink abilities wholly.  The author bundles up the message that humans are not objects and therefore should not be treated as such or classified into groups, races or nationalities. To make the right snap decisions, one has to free his mind from bias and prejudice and all other factors that may have a positive or negative impact on our decision.    The larger theme of the story isabout understanding human nature, dealing with a person's underlying racial discrimination and yet toning one's mind to think in a blink - but Malcolm never tries to make it a \\"lesson,\\" it's simply part of the world he describes.  In a just world an innocent man should be found not guilty. But if you want to know what this has to do with a 2 second decision or the strategy of war in Iraq, you'll have to read the book!  In all, the book inspired me to check out the Aeron chair and download one of kenna's songs: Freetime.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Since I missed the first season of \\"True Blood,\\" I just had to see how the story all began.  Boy, was I ever glad that I did.  I think my absolutely favorite parts of the series, was the romantic and loving relationship that developed between Bill and Sookie.  It was so beautifully romantic and touching, that I had to watched it over at least three times.  Even though the story is quite fantastic, there are many extremely sexual scenes and graphic violence.  If you can get by that, I would definitely recommend this DVD.
B0012GN260|5.0|Searched quite a few different sites for this \\"Birthday Gift\\".....Found on Amazon.com at great price for item and shipping...CD is excellent....Highly reccommended for Bruce Dickenson Fans....
B000058A1G|5.0|The Action were superlative, both in their Mod incarnation and also in their later, transfigured, Sufi-influenced, Mighty Baby form. These songs are all perfect pop-songs from the Mod phase and also driving dance songs. Energy will exude from every pore of your music system. Listening to these compositions takes you to the state of duende which only the very best music can achive. Buy this CD, and buy it now.
0451529065|3.0|Difficult going for a non-biologist. But well worth the effort. Provides excellent insight into the depth of Darwin's study and research, and his analysis of the theory.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Nice that I was able to get this season, as my wife has the other 4! Came as described.
B001NXDSLQ|5.0|For years I could not decide what my favorite movie was.... Untill today.  My number one. period.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Excellent songs in a variety of styles.  Great CDs.  MJ will always be the best entertainer in the world!
B0013ND30M|5.0|Visually this is a stunning treat because of the styling of artist Eyvind Earle who created the look of the movie. The geometric landscapes are beautifully detailed and unique in the Disney canon so for Earle fans this is it. The Princess looks lovely and Once Upon A Dream is a classic.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This show is awesome!  Really shows Michael's natural talent(live)and is very entertaining.  There is a very touching moment when he invites a young woman audience member up on stage.  He really gets the crowd going.  Wish he could have done more shows in the United States.
B001ILFUDC|5.0|It's amazing that this animated movie created in 1940 without computers is still one of the best looking movies made. The hand drawn quality adds a beauty that computer animation just can't capture because it's too perfect. The element of the hand, chance, that personal touch is what helps create the magic of these early Disney movies. Plus it helps to have a great story like Pinocchio. Whatever version you have, the movie's the main thing and is highly recommended.
B000H8RWEM|5.0|There is some opinion out there that Soft Machine was never the same after Robert Wyatt departed in 1971. But with the release of their fifth album, they created another great album, without his help, and they prove it again with Six, in 1973. By this point, they included John Marshall and Welshman Karl Jenkins (Jenkins is a common Welsh surname, and he was born in Wales, as had 4-era member Nick Evans), as well as Mike Ratledge and Hugh Hopper. I was a bit scared to try post-Wyatt Soft Machine, but after hearing 5 and Six I was blown away. Six is a double album, one of live material, the other studio. The first disc proves how much the band is able to pull it off live, with lots of great playing. Mike Ratledge, by this point, seemed much more interested in the electric piano than the organ, but it works fine, given this is fusion. They really pull out the stops and give some great jams. I don't think Karl Jenkins had any problem filling in Elton Dean's shoes. The studio half has a more minimalist feel, especially with \\"The Soft Weed Factor\\", some might find it a bit repetitious, others find it hypnotic (I find it the latter), this how anyone might feel about minimalist music in general. But then Karl Jenkins also gives some nice sax solos to go with it, and I really like Mike Ratledge's use of electric piano. \\"Chloe & The Pirates\\" is a cut I was completely familiar with way before I ever got Six, because this cut was included on a cassette I bought at a Coast to Coast hardware store (now defunct), in Florence, Oregon (hardly prog haven), of all places, back in 1992, an Italian compilation called Rock: Storia e Musica (with a picture of Mike Ratledge on the cover), actually it only had three cuts, one from Third (\\"Moon in June\\"), 4 (\\"Teeth\\") and of course \\"Chloe & the Pirates\\". I bought that cassette because I heard of Soft Machine and not familiar with them at the time and wasn't disappointed. \\"Chloe & the Pirates\\" is a pretty tripped out piece, with strange reversed sounds (apparently the electric piano) before they get into a mellow, jazzy jam.    Don't be scared off by post-1971, post Robert Wyatt Soft Machine, as they continued making great music and Six is a great album to try!
1931788340|5.0|One of my all-time favorite photography books. This is large in format and the colors pop off the page. The imagery is road trip style of streets and buildings from an era past. The compositions are wonderful and this is a joy to look at.
1573300403|5.0|This video covers a very good sample of his dancing and it is a great experience. Watch it, love it, keep it!
B00000IREA|5.0|Jane Fonda looks fabulous in this movie. So fabulous it's hard to believe that's Jane Fonda, but it is. In her youth she looked fab as the sexy vixen Barbarella and space never looked better.
B001KR0BDI|3.0|I'm not gonna bother with a summary because others have already done it. This book is very reminiscent of the Eragon series because the bulk of it deals with the heroes roaming around aimlessly in a medieval world waiting for plotpoints to appear. I was seriously expecting for dragons and unicorns to pop up but thankfully none appeared. Another similarity was the EEEEVILLL KING (two actually) that was evil for basically no other reason than because the author needed him to be.<br />Kristin Kashore is HORRIBLE at naming things. Princess Bitterblue makes Renesmee Cullen sound good. Po is a teletubbie not a prince. What weird country names!! Estel, Wester, Sunder, Nander, Midluns?? Are you serious? Just name them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 etc if you're gonna come up with stupid names like that. The heroine Katsa comes from a legion of spunky mannish tomboy heroines who have Kat-names just so her boyfriend can give her the obnoxious nickname of Wildcat. Also, what was it with katsa calling bitterblue 'child' all the time like shes some sort of 60 year odl grandma? she's barely 6 or 7 years older than the girl!<br />Besides the above, the story was at least interesting. I wasn't thrilled with the SPOILER ALERT 'the king is a pedophile who wants to rape his own daughter' plotline but the story was still better than Eragon and SPOILER ALERT katsa and the teletubbie actually had a sex scene.<br />I will definitely read the next two books in the series and would recommend the book to anyone who likes light fantasy.
0870703781|5.0|This is it, The Guide, the one book to... well, at least for fans of color photography this new edition of Eggleston's Guide is like a gift to those who were not around to but it when it originally came out and for those who could not afford a 1st edition copy. This is actually better in that the negatives were re-scanned using today's technology and printed better and according to Eggleston's desires. A must-have.
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|The story based on a popular novel \\"Der Vorleser\\" by Bernhard Schlink, takes place over several decades from the 1950's through the 1990's.<br /><br />We start with a boy Michael Berg (David Kross) who is helped home by a streetcar ticket puncher Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet)when he contacts scarlet fever. After recovery, Michael goes to Hanna to thank her. One thing leads to another and they strike up a physical relationship. The relationship deepens and changes course when Michael discovers that Hanna likes to being read to. He ends up reading everything from the classics to comics. Then one day she disappears leaving Michael distraught.<br /><br />Eight years later Michael rediscovers her. Only this time Michael is a law student and Hanna is on trial for war crimes and accused of voluntarily joining the SS. Michael could save her from prison but at the expense of revealing her secret. What would you do?<br /><br />The story is not really about Michael (later played by Ralph Fiennes) and Hanna; it is more how the different generations in Germany come to grips with their history.<br /><br />I have not read the book yet and am sure that this film is just a reflection of the story but it was played well enough to win an Oscar and nominated for many more.<br /><br />I especially like the scene where Michael is reading Hamlet to Hanna. Hanna says that she does not understand it. Michael says (indignantly) it is a classic. She asked if he understands it and upon reflection, he says \\"NO\\".<br /><br />I will not go into the aspects of the media as Blu-ray is the norm and does not need to be described.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005JLCI William Shakespeare's Hamlet (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]
0944092705|5.0|Lush, four-color imagery from William Eggleston in an oversized hardcover book. This is prime Eggleston that shouldn't be missed.
B0002EXH40|5.0|Megadeth's Youthanasia is a melodic metal album that just plain rocks.  The album gets off to a great start with Reckoning Day, a song with a good melody and changes.  Megadeth started to experiment with a different sound in the 1990s to become more melodic and less thrashy, instead playing just regular heavy metal.  I think it worked well, as these songs on this album are solid rockers.  Most of the songs fall into the same mold, that is, there is a consistent sound throughout the album where the songs have pretty much the same guitar sound.  But this is normal for a heavy metal band.  It kind of reminds me of Motley Crue's Shout At The Devil album.  Mick Mars' guitar sounds the same in almost every song, but the songs and melodies are vastly different from each other.  I have the same view when it comes to this album.<br /><br />The best songs, in my opinion, are Reckoning Day, Train Of Consequences, A Tout Le Monde, Elysian Fields, The Killing Road, Black Curtains and Victory.<br /><br />If you want good 'ol solid heavy metal with some melody to it, then buy this album.  Megadeth is a great metal band.  I saw them open for Motley Crue in 2000.  Highly recommended.
1931955085|5.0|Mark Ryden continues the tradition if big eyed painting and the Tree Show was an excellent show was an excellent exhibition of his artwork. This book reproduces all the artwork from that gallery show and also includes photos of the objects that inspired him.
B00177YA1K|4.0|The disc- is better I expected; a full-screen version AND a wide-screen version on the same disc.  [There is only ONE disc]  I wish more studios would stop being greedy and just include both versions.  And I'd give the movie 5-stars, but I'm only giving 'this' DVD 4 stars.  Why:  The disc doesn't go with its case.  I say this because:  The disc menu references extras that, upon selection, refer you to \\"DISC 2\\".  The disc has \\"DISC 1\\" in the silkscreen artwork.  The disc was new/unopened- complete with all those accursed stickers around the case edge.  If all you want is the movie, you'll be happy with this disc.  FS/WS versions and some extras.  The MST3K-style commentary with Tommy Lee & the director; is disappointing.  And the extras I would have liked- 'making of' 'special effects' are on 'DISC 2', which the manufacturer obviously decided they would rather throw away than simply give to me in what is obviously a re-branded, lower-cost edition.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I was very satisfied with the movie. My grandaughter, Lilly Grace and her friends have enjoyed it so much.    Glenda from Mississippi
B000XA5K48|5.0|are these people with their 1 and 2 star reviews for real? reviewing this movie like it is supposed to be realistic and believable. it's a friggin' movie! it's called 'shoot em up'! it delivers! it's not up for best picture. it's over the top...and it works! and for everybody comparing it to bond and what not, get a life. it's a parody of those films. get it?
B0021L8US0|5.0|I saw this film today. And it hit all sorts of notes for me.    Sure, the 'bad' guys are unrepentantly bad. They practically twirl their mustaches, but this is a Peter Jackson film. His name might be only listed as Executive Producer, but he has literally infected every frame of this Neo Classic.     I knew what to expect from the script. No real surprises. Folks who were Grade A assholes are transformed. Other folks, those with dollar signs in their eyes, or cruelty in their souls, are headed for some heartache.    I laughed. I cringed. I screamed in horror, shock, and delight as the amazing special effects literally take you into the darkest places in the human psyche.     There are a number of digital characters. They are so seamless, so emotionally transparent, that you don't question their reality. The practical effects are particularly gruesome and believable.     Lots of kudos to whoever cast this movie. Maybe some of these folks are well known in New Zealand, but they're just human beings here. Thus keeping the documentary feel intact.    This movie is a great idea for anyone who wants to have a blast at the movies. And is something best seen at a first class theater. The sound design is probably never going to be repeated on your home theater (unless you've spent $[...]k and have no close neighbors). The visuals are disturbing and well worth the price of admission alone.    And there is deeply human story happening up on that screen.     I can't speak for everyone, but it was a very moving picture for me. It spoke to me as someone who loves good movies. Someone who loves a film that follows through on its own rules. Someone who appreciates a movie that hits the camera lens with the splattered remains of a 'bad guy' as you cheer in delight. And a person who loves that there are still good films out there.
0156027321|5.0|First off, I have to thank the many audiobook readers on Amazon.com who recommended this one as a top read. I had tried and failed to read Life of Pi twice; the first time stopping because I found it to be a bit too cutesy and novelty-based, focused as it was on the Indian kid whose dad ran a zoo, whatever. Quit twice during that part. Really, it just drags on forever at that part, and I set the book aside first for a month, then for nearly a year. After the 17th time I read that it was some one's favorite audiobook of all time, I tried again and got a teeny bit tired of the comparitive religious philosophy that seemed plotless and irrelevant, but still found the writing amusing enough to continue. And boy, was I rewarded. I've read five books since finishing Life of Pi, but my mind still goes back to this one, and wonders what to make of it, and then it wonders why it still wonders.<br /><br />The castaway scenario was extremely well-drawn and suspenseful. The tremendously detailed reports of the internal and external manifestations of isolation and exposure resonated at a deeper level, due to the metaphorical nature of the voyage hinted at by the prior seeker passages.<br /><br />SORT OF A SPOILER ALERT<br /><br />The ending completely surprised me, but quickly seemed organic to the story. A Hindu boy would create a fantastical story, in fact, generating such a story might have been what sustained him for all of those days in isolation. Imagination saved his life, or did it? I believed in the tiger, I believed in the algae island, because I wanted to believe in them. I also believed his other story. Ultimately all of the people hearing both stories choose to believe the less believable one, because it's more fun, more satisfying, and makes life more interesting. Is that enough of a purpose for faith to serve? In Pi's case, it saved his life. It still compels me to pursue an internal dialectic that is at once unsettling and engaging.<br /><br />END OF SORT OF A SPOILER<br /><br />I'm still trying to sort out what this book did to me. It made me see faith in a new way. I am not the same person as I was before I read it. It's a rare book that can have that kind of impact.<br /><br />Narrated by Jeff Woodman, who read this book with gentle humor, deep insight and great vigor.<br /><br />I review only audiobooks. Check out my other reviews, then download, plug in, and never be bored again.at this book did to me. It made me see faith in a new way. I am not the same person as I was before I read it. It's a rare book that can have that kind of impact.   Narrated by Jeff Woodman, who read this book with gentle humor, deep insight and great vigor.   I review only audiobooks. Check out my other reviews, then download, plug in, and never be bored again.
B00005JLWN|5.0|I purchased this after seeing just a portion on television. I couldn't wait to see the full movie. I enjoyed it very much and can totally recommend it to anyone who likes the Matrix movies. Lots of action scenes.
B001FB55H6|5.0|I certainly enjoy the simple good guy vs. bad guy, black and white type of comic book story; but this isn't that kind of story, and thank god. Why would anyone want to see the same story over and over? Moore's Watchmen is considered, by many people, to be the greatest comic ever made. It has been compared to the best of literature and ranked as one of Time's 100 greatest novels of all time (not just graphic). The movie tells the story of the comic almost perfectly; so whatever objections one would have to the movie you would have for the comic as well. The only difference between the two, is the medium, which, in cinematic form, does not give the viewer much of a chance to think about the plot. The plot is, for that matter, deeply deeply textured, and could be discussed, like any true work of art, for a lifetime. To put it in very simple terms, Moore's Watchman conceives of superheroes or super powered people with all of the moral quandaries every human being must face, except for the fact that these superheroes are not limited by the physical constraints of mortals. Which begs the question, if there truly was a Superman, just how moral would he be? How ethical can any of us be, when we can choose to act without consequence? Or in the case of Batman, how tightly would he cling to his beliefs in not killing, when faced with homicidal child killers? Would he allow a murderer to go to prison, knowing he would be freed to kill again? If the judicial system is broken, how should superheroes react? If Superman could stop the end of the world by killing innocents, should he? It is, for sure, a thinking man's movie, and an adult movie. But it can be a difficult film to stomach, and the ending will most definitely challenge people's ideas of what's right and wrong. But, like any good work of art, it challenges us to think and even to argue it. In Watchmen we are not spoon fed what we want, necessarily, but maybe what, in this troubled time of questionable ethics, what we need. And isn't that what art is for?
B001GCUER0|5.0|For some reason, I never start watching a television show as it first airs. I usually discover it in my own time and then rent or purchase the entire series.  Well, that is what happened with Mad Men.  I heard it was an amazing show so I rented Season 1 and fell in love.  Of course, when Season 2 became available, I had to buy it so I could see all the episodes as quickly as possible, in time for Season 3 (which starts tonight).
0198326769|5.0|The ending is what makes this book unforgettable.  Some have billed this as a  children's/YA book, I think that this book is anything but.  Told through the eyes of 9 year old Bruno the son of a Nazi Commandant, we see his burgeoning friendship with another child a Polish Jew.  The only thing that separates them is a fence.<br /><br />Bruno's naivety is quite startling when you, the adult reader, can see what is around the corner.  Bruno is just a kid, thinking kid thought, living in a kids world that has always kept him sheltered.  But one day, reality will hit and with it a lesson is learned - an no one will ever be the same.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book to any adult and even to a middle schooler who is studying the Holocaust.  This book gives quite a startling look at this time in history from a child's perspective.  Though criticized for factual inaccuracies, that is not the point the book is trying to make.  Whether it was Auschwitz or Bergen Belsen, it really doesn't matter.  This is a story told though the eyes of little boys living in a grown up world.
1401309666|4.0|I thought this was an excellent book because it was about exactly the kind of thing I'm interested in, especially in terms of the type of industry I'd like to be in. Anderson writes in a way that makes the information interesting to even those that may not be quite as excited about the book as I was going in.  I think it would make an very good and very appropriate book for a business/technology college course.    That said, I do agree with some of the other reviewers that it gets somewhat repetitive after a while.  It's a quick read, but it's evident that there are some difficulties contained within the mission of basically converting a magazine article into a full-length book.    Still, there's something to be said for finding another in a very short list of books for me that I could point to if someone asked and go \\"do you want to know what I'm interested in, intellectually? Check out this book!\\"
B000EHSVSC|4.0|One of the finest WWII films ever made, with astonishing attention to historical accuracy and military detail, light years better than the more recent horror with Ben Afleck. The film honors the bravery and fighting spirit of the men of both sides, if not necessarily all their leaders. Lots of great actors throughout, even if not everyone shines, but the spectacle of the battle itself is truely the star here, and once that gets started this film is riveting. To give you some idea of the realism of this movie, my father was a Pearl Harbor navy vet. He came back from a viewing in 1970 ashen grey and barely able to speak. When I asked him what he thought of it, he said that the only details they got wrong were that you can't blow up a model the way a real ship explodes and that the color of the machine gun bursts on the Japanese Zeros was off.
B000FFJYB6|5.0|MY DOG SKIP takes place in Yazoo, Mississippi during World War II.  The characters include a boy, Kevin Bacon (famous movie star) as the boy's father, the boy's mother, Luke Wilson (Reese Witherspoon's lawyer boyfriend in LEGALLY BLONDE), three boys who are bullies, and two moonshiners (the evil element).  One of the moonshiners is Clint Howard (brother of Ronnie Howard --  former boy actor from THE MUSIC MAN and THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW). Also, the characters include Skip (a dog), played by a young dog and an old dog.    The story is episodic and has no real plot except for the fact that the story takes place on the stage of life.  If there is any real plot, it is the fact that the boy is initially a sissy and is picked on by a trio of three bullies (a fat boy, a dirty-faced boy, and a blank-expressioned boy).  But the birthday gift of a dog has the effect of making the boy somewhat more popular.  The boy is initiated as a friend with the three bullies.  The intiation takes the form of an evening spent in the town graveyard.  Thereafter, the four boys become friends, and play baseball together.  Eventually, when Skip (the dog) runs away from home, the three bullies (formerly bullies, now friends) help to look for the dog.     Skip the dog serves as a common theme for the movie, which helps overcome the fact that the film consists of a bunch of \\"situations\\" or \\"episodes.\\"  These situations, many of which are bittersweet, include the following:    (1)  Kevin Bacon is a sour-pussed father and initially threatens to get rid of the dog, a gift for the boy's birthday.  The father warns that the family should not have a dog, because dogs eventually die and cause grief in children.  But the mom refuses to get rid of the dog, whisks the father's cigar from his mouth, and puts the cigar in her own mouth, in an act of defiance.  The dog is kept in the family.    (2)  Two bad men (moonshiners) go about their business by hiding bottles of liquor in a stone building in the town graveyard.  This adds suspense and scariness to the movie.  The bad men are too scary for children of the age of six and below.  But children of seven or above might find them intriguing and not too scary.  Ron Howard's brother Clint is instantly recognizable, because of his ugliness.  Towards the end of the movie, one of the bad men whacks the dog with a shovel.  The dog appears near death.  But with the help of a veterinarian, the dog is revived.    (3)  The older boy living next door (Luke Wilson) is initially the town hero, at least among children, because he is good at high school sports.  However, upon joining the war effort, he proves to be a coward on the battlefield in Europe.  When he returns home, the film discloses that he has become an alcoholic.      (4)  Skip is a popular dog in the town of Yazoo, and the butcher provides him with scraps of meat, and the townsfolk wave to him as he trots up and down the sidewalks of Yazoo.    (5)  The boy tries to enroll Skip as an army dog.  But at the recruiting office, Skip flunks the obedience test.  When asked to sit the dog lies down.  When asked to roll over, the dog chases his own tail.    MY DOG SKIP is notable for the intelligent writing of its episodes.  MY DOG SKIP is also to be commended for the skillful acting.  One can easily name a half dozen children's movies that are contrived, stupid, or acted with the subtlety of THE THREE STOOGES.  In contrast, MY DOG SKIP is a welcome breath of thespian fresh air.      In passing, I might name another finely acted movie about a child (a little boy) that deals with separation of a boy from his mother, and eventual re-joinder.  This fine movie is: UNDER THE SAME MOON, featuring, Eugenio Derbez, Kate del Castillo, Adrian Alonso, and Maya Zapata.
B0006A9FKA|2.0|This will be short seeing as many others have reviewed the film already. The film itself gets five stars from me, just so that is said. BUT this DVD version deserves no more than two. The reason for that is the subtitles which seems to be the version for the hearing impaired (Example: \\"Come on!\\" [Line Ringing][Video game noises][Line continues ringing]). In addition the subtitle text is massively huge and makes this option more of a sour annoyance than anything else. So if you want to watch this film with subtitles, don't buy this version.
0143038583|5.0|Even better than \\"Botany of desire\\"!<br /><br />An important book to read and a real eye-opener about what we eat. You will be stunned to learn WHAT you actually consume, which way it was produced and how it came to be that way.<br /><br />But be advised: this knowledge is not going to make your life easier when you are standing in the supermarket. However, if you use it wisely, it might help you to improve the healthiness as well as the taste of what you put on your table every single day!
0439023483|5.0|This book is by far one of the best books I have ever read. I briefly had a problem adjusting to writing style but once lost in the story I was hooked. This author is exceptionally talented. Many other authors might fill several pages with description while this author paints extremely vivid pictures with only a few brush strokes. I also enjoyed the conversational tone of the narrative. As if, Katniss was telling her tale directly to me in my own home and if you know Katniss, she doesn't just trust anyone. So the illusion that I might just be a personal friend and confident to Katniss was truly impressive. And oh, did I feel her pain, her rage, her despair! Not very often there comes a story that is truly magic! I mean, Harry Potter, was a story about magic and has the place of highest honor on my bookshelves next to the Lord of the Rings books, but this one is entirely different. This book made me apart of the action. It made me feel like I know the characters on a personal level and once I was back in my own world I was left with a feeling like I'd just had a visit from an dear friend. I can't remember if I've ever read a book like it.
0553384775|1.0|It's rare that I don't get through a book, but after about 100 pages of WoWS, I'd had enough. It starts out promising with Belfort just starting out as \\"pond scum\\" in a large brokerage. But that lasts all of one chapter and by chapter 2, Belfort is awash in money with his own company, arguing with his CFO father about a 400k American Express bill, meeting Very Important People across the globe, regaling us with his antics in airplanes, his over the top drug use that makes Slash and Nikki Sixx look like altar boys, and sex with hookers that his trophy wife unbelievably puts up with. Now how did he get all this money? He doesn't say. How did he start his own company that employs \\"thousands\\" of eager young brokers? No clue. What was his trick that got him both of these things? Couldn't tell ya. Maybe he is nice enough to tell us later in the book, but it wasn't worth it for me to find out.    I was lucky enough to have borrowed this from the library so Belfort didn't make a dime off of me. Do yourself a favor and skip this self-indulged piece of dreck.
0375842209|5.0|THE BOOK THIEF is an eerily dramatic tale narrated by Death. Before the first book is ever stolen, Death comes stealing. While it may sound morbid, this is an intriguing tale about stolen books, stolen kisses, and stolen lives in Nazi Germany.<br /><br />The book thief learns to read and reread the stolen books for renewed hope, entertainment, reflection and edification. The characters of Himmel Street - Hans, Rosa, Liesel, Rudy, Max and others - will steal your hearts, but they will leave you with endearing, heartwarming memories that remain long after the story is finished.<br /><br />I recommend this novel for mature, young and adult readers who are daring enough to take the train ride to the town of Molching and endure the journey through pre-war and wartime Germany. I listened to the audiobook, and the voices remain etched upon my memory.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|Hands down the greatest film ever made in history. Titanic is my favorite movie ever. It is also the greatest tragedy of the 20th century. Every one thought that because it was so large it was unsinkable. well they were dead wrong. I don't know what really to say so i'll say this. When i was a kid i saw the movie several times and it had no effect on me. but now at 13 i had a huge effect on me. i saw the ending last night on tnt andf i sobbed long after it was over. The story line was very clever with the way James cameron put the love story in with the fact that the ship sunk. that shows just how powerful true love is. some scenes are very hard to watch. like when rose is being lowered in the life boat and her and jack are exchanging a stare at eachother as the music plays. when she lets jack go and he sinks to the bottom of the atlantic. and the ending when it shows rose in her bed with all the photos and the camera gos down to the ship as it slowly goes back to the way it was before it sank as rose walks into the main hallway as every one who died is watching and she meets jack on the main stairwell and they kiss
B0000033TE|5.0|Five Stars = Masterpiece<br /><br />I turned onto Emerson Lake & Palmer back when \\"Brain Salad Surgery\\" came out in 1973. I was reading Creem Magazine, & they had an article/review of the album, saying how great & groundbreaking it was, & of its very sexually frank lyrics for the time; \\"Seven virgins on a guillotine in a glaze of Vaseline,\\" from \\"Karn - Evil 9\\" was heady stuff back then. I couldn't wait to get the album, & I did. It was love at first sound, & today is still one of me favorite prog albums. No, albums of all time!<br /><br />\\"Brain Salad Surgery\\" runs the gamut of several genres, from the barrel house piano of \\"Benny the Bouncer,\\" by far the most traditional song here, to the progressive rock/jazz fusion, of \\"Karn - Evil 9\\" & its 3 Impressions. Piano extraordinaire on \\"Karn - Evil 9,\\" \\"2nd Impression,\\" just mind blowing! Then if that wasn't enough, Emerson uses his synth to create a solo of Caribbean/African style metal drums in just what is a most incredible display of rhythm & melody! Amazing! \\"Jerusalem\\" is just an iconic tribute to England, done in grand keyboard style! \\"Toccata,\\" is a very good stab at new classical music, from Ginastra's \\"First Piano Concerto/fourth movement. Many thought it to be un-coverable. \\"Still You Turn Me On,\\" is beautifully sung & performed ode to love. Warm & inviting, it was also heavily played on the radio back then.<br /><br />All in all, \\"Brain Salad Surgery,\\" is a masterwork not to be missed by anyone who calls them self a prog fan. There is more music & ideas in this one album to make ten albums. Ten great albums, that is!
0061774758|5.0|action, mystery, with atmosphere of the  mystical...........will hold your attention to the very end.
B0000549B0|5.0|We have been showing classic movies to our kids and Harvey was a great addition.  Jimmy Stewart puts in a fantastic performance as Elwood P. Dowd (\\"Let me give you my card\\"), an affable alcoholic who happens to believe that he has a Pooka for a drinking buddy. Just as for clarification, a Pooka is a mischievous spirit that manifests itself as a giant animal, in this case a 6' 3.5\\" white rabbit. Mr. Dowd's main problem is that only he can see Harvey and the rest of his family is relatively sure he is quite committable, mostly because he insists on introducing Harvey to everyone he meets, which has humorous (and socially disastrous) results.<br /><br />In addition to Stewart's great performance, there is a great supporting cast but especially Josephine Hull (a great performance as Aunt Veta) and Peggy Dow (the beautiful nurse Kelly).<br /><br />This is a classic that shouldn't be missed! Highly Recommended!
B0010KHOS0|5.0|After viewing the entire film, viewing it again with the voice-over of James Mangold, Director, is tremendously edifying.     The extra long scenes, with decriptions of both the characters and the actors, and the events portrayed, casts an entirely different light on the life of Johnny Cash and his family and friends.  This version is so complete, so in depth, it made me want to write to Mr Mangold and his wife Kathy Konrad to thank them for their labor of love.
B000002ADT|5.0|After hearing bits and piece of this all my life I decided to buy. What a great decision. This has got to be one of the best works I have heard.
1401203078|3.0|\\"The Black Dossier\\" gives readers more of Alan Moore's 'League of Extraordinary Gentlemen,' storyline and lore to absorb and their are some standpoint aspects of this book, primarily from Kevin O'Neill's intricate artwork.  On the writing side, however, the narrative will likely trigger a 'love/hate' response.  While the main storyline (focusing on Allan Quartermain and Mina Muuray) is told through a straightforward comic book style narrative, interspersed throughout are portions of the infamous \\"Black Dossier\\" itself.  Some readers may enjoy this mixture of 2 separate books combined into one and really, the 'Black Dossier' material can be interesting at times and confounding at other  moments.  These portions do provide a nice variety of visual styles as they encompass aesthetics from 'penny' comics, Tijuana comics, Victorian novellas and even 'pulpy' fiction.  Some of these portions are extremely dense (in terms of blocks of text that goes on for 6 pages) and many users will likely skim or skip through these portions entirely - which would be a shame because some of the best writing in this book are found in such sections.  This book certainly isn't for everyone but if you are a fan of the series, or the work of Alan Moore it certainly should merit consideration on your reading list.
1565234243|5.0|This is a very good book on carving an Indian face.  Much of the information can be adapted to carve any face.  The pictures are of a good quality and the written information is clear.  I think you would need to have some experience to follow along.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I recommend this for anyone wanting to enjoy the MJ experiance. This is a fantastic concert. I was rivited.
141694740X|5.0|I wouldn't take this as gospel, but it makes several good points and is really worth reading.
B00284BMBM|5.0|I love this alum, it has great songs on it and I play it over and over again. I can't wait for Daughtry to come out with another record. it is a great buy, you will love all of his songs. Great to add to any collection
B002436WFI|4.0|Although I am a firm lover and collector of all things Pratchett, the novels on which this adaptation is based are not among my favourites. Perhaps this is why minor departures from the text, pointed out by other reviewers, did nothing to diminish my enjoyment in any way.     I loved it. In particular, I thought the casting choices, performances (Jeremy Irons is fabulous), and `look' of the film were all excellent, making this is the best Pratchett adaptation to date, in my view.     Now, if we could just have some quality adaptations of the witches novels, I'd be a happy woman indeed.
B001NESPHC|5.0|My One And Only Thrill is Melody Gardot's sophomore effort, but fear not.  She encounters no slump on these twelve songs.  Fans of her debut CD Worrisome Heart will notice that My One And Only Thrill has the fuller sound of a more accomplished musician.  In addition to guitar and vocals, Gardot has taken all of the piano duties as well.  Every song has guitar and piano as well whereas it was often one or the other on Worrisome Heart.  However the biggest progression is in the introduction of orchestral strings into half of the tracks (1, 5, 6, 9-12).  I liken this CD to Diana Krall's [[ASIN:B00000J7S8 When I Look in Your Eyes]] (see my review).  The strings add a broad, sweeping element and a more classical tone.  The effect is most striking on her interpretation of \\"Somewhere Over The Rainbow\\" which also features a Brazilian rhythm to boot.  Gentle listener, you are definitely not in Kansas anymore!  It sounds odd to describe, but it comes off magically.  Other standout string tracks include \\"My One And Only Thrill\\" and \\"Our Love Is Easy\\".<br /><br />The non-string tracks also hold plenty of intrigue.  \\"Your Heart Is As Black As Night\\" is a boldly driven piano number that also features muted trumpet.  The sound says 30's speakeasy.  You would expect to see sharp suits in a smoky room with the spotlight on the small jazz ensemble performing the song.  She also makes liberal use of scat on other songs such as \\"If The Stars Were Mine\\" and \\"Who Will Comfort Me\\".  Want more variety?  Give the Latin sounding French number \\"Les Etoiles\\" (the stars) a try.<br /><br />Gardot wrote all of the songs on My One And Only Thrill (save \\"Somewhere Over The Rainbow\\").  Like many young female singer/songwriters she focuses most of her material on love and relationships.  She handles this without ever being sappy or cheesy, though, which is more uncommon for her age.  While her topics are not unique, her vocal delivery is.  Her alto is very rich, and I can't think of anyone similar.<br /><br />When you put it all together, My One And Only Thrill is an impressive CD.  Gardot deftly handles multiple styles mixing jazz, classical, and world music styles.  I can't wait for what her third CD will have to offer.  If you aren't familiar with Melody Gardot, you need to be.  She is primed to be a star for a long time to come.<br /><br />Download this:  Our Love Is Easyt all together, My One And Only Thrill is an impressive CD.  Gardot deftly handles multiple styles mixing jazz, classical, and world music styles.  I can't wait for what her third CD will have to offer.  If you aren't familiar with Melody Gardot, you need to be.  She is primed to be a star for a long time to come.    Download this:  Our Love Is Easy
B001ED7C58|5.0|I listen to it a great deal which is unusual for me, I normally listen to Irish music. I saw the movie (a few times) and was captivated and that is what made me purchase the cd.
B000N6TYLW|1.0|It took forever to get to me, I ordered another season of the gilmore girls days after and I received the second one a week before this ever came in. I never got a confirmation that it will get delivered to me and I just couldn't wait, next time I will never buy from this company!
0525951113|4.0|The author does not write down to the \\"newbie\\" audience.  Very good book.  Would recommend it to any of my friends.
0385342020|5.0|I read this book in two days.  It was such a fun &#34;getaway&#34; for me that I could hardly put it down.  I've read all of the books by Sophie Kinsella and have always enjoyed the lighthearted fare, but this book had more substance without losing the enjoyment.   I miss Becky Bloomwood, but I truly felt that this book surpasses the Shopaholic series for me.  I loved the peek into the 20's and the relationship between Lara and Sadie.  Yes, there were similarities between Lara and Becky, and her other characters, but so what.  It makes me feel that the author is putting her heart into her characters rather than &#34;making someone up&#34;. I confess I checked this book out from the library, but I put in my shopping cart here on Amazon because I know I will want to read it again.
0151003084|5.0|I was introduced to Gorey by my grandmother who LOVES him.  I am not as big a fan of all of his works but I agree with her on Gashlycrumb Tinies.  I have even read them to my daughter who is 7 now but was between 2 and 4 when first inoculated with Gorey's macabre humor.  She understood after I explained it to her that the horrible happenings in the book weren't real and were similar to some of the more gruesome fairy tales that we had read - some of those Grimm's fairy tales are just that!  Anyway, I giggle madly every time I read these and my daughter was never bothered by the content though I am sure many will feel it is inappropriate for young ears.  Highly enjoyable and recommended reading.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|AMC's much-acclaimed Mad Men is a sterling example of how primetime television has evolved recently. While past television shows were dull visually and inert dramatically, particularly when compared to film, top-tier shows now display a sophistication that I would've thought impossible a decade back. While much has been made of the detail and authenticity (or lack thereof) of the early 60s setting, the specific locale (an Advertising Agency, Sterling Cooper, on Madison avenue) is equally intriguing. Though dramatic shows generally demand exciting professions (police, law or medical), the seemingly dull field of advertising is a brilliantly appropriate backdrop for an examination of the intricacies and drama of day to day life. As Mad Men repeatedly demonstrates, advertising is not about what is on the surface, but instead draws out that which was once inside, revealing that which no one, perhaps even the individual who is being exposed, was aware of.<br /><br />Though Mad Men boasts an impressively large ensemble cast, the first season focuses primarily on a few central figures. At the heart of the show is creative department head Don Draper (Jon Hamm), the contradictory protagonist and already one of the most compelling characters on television. Though often amoral, Draper still embodies a masculine ideal: he is smart, cynical, ultra-competent and largely indifferent to social expectations. (Not to mention improbably handsome, but in a masculine, un-feminized way.) Draper is not without a core of vulnerability, but this only serves to give his strengths more weight. We also follow Draper's homelife, including his neurotic, vaguely unsatisfied wife Betty (January Jones) and their two young children. (Whom Don obviously loves, making his frequent neglect and betrayal all the more puzzling.) As a foil to Draper we have Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser), a well-born and entitled junior executive who imagines himself heir to Draper's throne. Finally we have Peggy Olson (Elisabeth Moss), a new secretary and eventual copy writer who is largely (though not entirely) separate from the cutthroat ethos of the office, and who often serves as an audience stand in. The cast of secondary characters (not that I've even covered all the major ones) is too large to really consider here, though the ensemble portrays them all with skill. The sheer size is perhaps a minor weakness initially, as it takes a long time for the average viewer to even remember who is who, and even longer for the characters to be developed. Nevertheless, it is worth the wait and effort.<br /><br />The story is equally difficult to define, with the show taking an organic approach, juggling numerous different subplots without necessarily resolving them fully. The overarching threads could loosely be defined as the fate of Sterling Cooper generally (they're a small agency with, shall we say, erratic and unreliable leadership) and the uncovering of Don Draper's history. (He rarely talks about it, and with good reason . . .)  While the hedonistic lifestyle at the office is always substantial, I find the business angle particularly intriguing, with the show examining the underlying logic behind many real world ad campaigns. (These elements also give Draper a chance to cynically philosophize, which is always a treat.)<br /><br />Though the intriguing storytelling soon takes hold, the new viewer will must likely first note the shows extraordinary visuals. While we don't typically think of eras that still hang on common memory as being fodder for period-piece detail, Mad Men recreates the dawn of the 60s with all the care that a high budget film would give to any pre-modern era. (Truthfully, I couldn't say if the visualization is utterly accurate, but the totality of the vision is certain.) Relatedly, Mad Men's depiction of older social mores has been the major source of both praise and controversy. Though a fairly socially conservative individual myself (outlandish tastes notwithstanding), I can't help but feel the more old-fashioned critics are missing something. Intentionally or not, Mad Men works as an antidote to the laughably superficial views of the era promoted by tedious productions like Sam Mendes' adaptation of \\"Revolutionary Road.\\" Modern liberals like to pretend that social conservatism and conformity were the cause of all middle class misery prior to the 60s, but is anyone foolish enough to believe that Don or Pete or Betty would be totally content if they'd been after the blessed 60s? Though there are plenty of \\"oh my god look at how terrible people were in 1960\\" moments, Mad Men is ultimately just cynical, certain that there is only so much we can do to rein in human weakness. (Note how the beats and self righteous proto-hippies are portrayed in a less than glowing light, and are verbally eviscerated by Draper.) The validity of this perspective can be debated, but it's not quite the same as simple permissiveness. (I'd also say that the show's values are fundamentally bourgeois, though that's a debate too tiresome and lengthy to consider here.)<br /><br />In the end, most great art or entertainment is defined by the nebulous core of humanity that is absent from mediocre works. Even though the characters often behave reprehensibly, an attachment gradually develops. This culminates in sorrowful season finale, where we see the initially overly vain and unsympathetic Betty breakdown in front of the weird neighbor child over the state of her marriage and life, desperately asking for this prepubescent boy to tell her everything will be okay. Even better is Don's nostalgia pitch for the carousel slide projector, where he illustrates the notion with a brief speech given over a series of photos from the happier times of his family's checkered past, and his always impassive face blanches and glazes over just so slightly with restrained emotion. Rationally, neither Don nor Betty is worthy of all that much sympathy, but here reason no longer applies. By the end of the first season, Mad Men has reached that magical point where the fictional figures mean more to the viewer than such non-existent figures have any right to. This is another rarity on TV, and an accomplishment that more than offsets whatever minor flaws the show may have.help but feel the more old-fashioned critics are missing something. Intentionally or not, Mad Men works as an antidote to the laughably superficial views of the era promoted by tedious productions like Sam Mendes' adaptation of \\"Revolutionary Road.\\" Modern liberals like to pretend that social conservatism and conformity were the cause of all middle class misery prior to the 60s, but is anyone foolish enough to believe that Don or Pete or Betty would be totally content if they'd been after the blessed 60s? Though there are plenty of \\"oh my god look at how terrible people were in 1960\\" moments, Mad Men is ultimately just cynical, certain that there is only so much we can do to rein in human weakness. (Note how the beats and self righteous proto-hippies are portrayed in a less than glowing light, and are verbally eviscerated by Draper.) The validity of this perspective can be debated, but it's not quite the same as simple permissiveness. (I'd also say that the show's values are fundamentally bourgeois, though that's a debate too tiresome and lengthy to consider here.)     In the end, most great art or entertainment is defined by the nebulous core of humanity that is absent from mediocre works. Even though the characters often behave reprehensibly, an attachment gradually develops. This culminates in sorrowful season finale, where we see the initially overly vain and unsympathetic Betty breakdown in front of the weird neighbor child over the state of her marriage and life, desperately asking for this prepubescent boy to tell her everything will be okay. Even better is Don's nostalgia pitch for the carousel slide projector, where he illustrates the notion with a brief speech given over a series of photos from the happier times of his family's checkered past, and his always impassive face blanches and glazes over just so slightly with restrained emotion. Rationally, neither Don nor Betty is worthy of all that much sympathy, but here reason no longer applies. By the end ofthe first season, Mad Men has reached that magical point where the fictional figures mean more to the viewer than such non-existent figures have any right to. This is another rarity on TV, and an accomplishment that more than offsets whatever minor flaws the show may have.
0765356147|2.0|I've never before felt this way about a book. When it was all said and done, I found the overall story amazing. I loved it. The way all my questions were finally answered, how everything came together in the end was just awesome. But the journey itself was painful. Like in Well of Ascension before it I was infuriated by the lack of moving forward. Too much repetition and introspection. Too much description of stuff we don't care about. Characters were ok, but the internal dialog was annoying, and the banter between them not enjoyable. The \\"new\\" Spook was just... different. Not the same character at all, and not likable. I find it telling that TenSoon was the only character I genuinely liked in this book. Like other people critical of this book (as in \\"Well\\" before it), I especially found the relationship between Vin and Elend lacking. They come off as really good friends that are a little too obsessed with eachother, but not genuinely in love with eachother--they do make great sacrifices for each other, true, but that doesn't change the fact that they lack any kind of romantic or sexual chemistry. And I do believe it would have been possible and more realistic to show that romantic and sexual chemistry despite the war and the end of the world going on. And if Sanderson didn't want to \\"bog down\\" the story with the details of their relationship, why bog down the story with so much other superfluousness. Ultimately, I believe this story could have been truly awesome if it had been shorter. Perhaps by cutting out the dull bits and combining the truly interesting parts of Well and Hero we could have had a truly great read. But as it is (or rather \\"as they are,\\" since the same goes for Well)... I can't recomend it/them without a strong warning about what to expect.
B001DDBCUA|2.0|This movie is like a Sex and the City marathon, and the experience makes you appreciate why Sex and the City was just a half hour show. It's best to watch this movie in small doses, a bit each evening to avoid a coma. Carrie Bradshaw and her pals can get tiresome after the first forty or fifty minutes - the characters are too ME, ME, ME. We may love them, but even old friends can wear out their welcome. Jennifer Hudson is a breath of fresh air as Carrie's assistant; I found myself wishing she had more screen time.     Without a doubt, the fashions and NYC glamour are fun, but who can really afford those Manolo Blahnik shoes?  Or wear them and walk at the same time??    Although worth seeing just to say been there, done that, there isn't much reason to actually purchase this movie unless you're a big fan of the series. I've noticed that there are always multiple copies available for free at the local public library.
0767803434|1.0|I saw this movie in the theater and, although I thougth it was stupid, I enjoyed it.  I just watched the last 1/4 of it on TV just now.  STUPID movie. Harrison Ford looks like he's drugged or constipated throughout the entire movie. He's gotten in the bad habit of narrowing his range of emotions from his usual A-to-B to an annoying A.<br /><br />SPOILER (although, how can you spoil this piece of rotten fruit any more?)<br /><br />William Macy plays a pilot. At the end of the movie, the president takes the helm of the crippled plane while Macy sits beside him in the co-pilot's seat. Shouldn't that have been the other way around?<br /><br />Glenn Close plays an embarrasingly weak vice president.
B001NESPHC|5.0|Melody Gardot is a young songstress from Philadelphia who, despite suffering injuries from a bicycle accident at age 19, overcame overwhelming odds to give us such colorful and bluesy music while using music as therapy to compensate for her earlier tragedy.  Most notable though is the song \\"Who Will Comfort Me?\\"  which can be considered a testament to her ongoing struggle with her injuries and her quest for a full life.  She is one of the more interesting and unique of the jazzy artists which I would recommend everyone give a good listen.  Melody is truly Amazing with a capital A.
140003180X|5.0|I love this series.  It is a rare thing to find adult literature that is thought provoking, exciting, and clean.  I feel like I have actually visited Botswana.
0307269981|5.0|The Girl Who Played with Fire features the return of the characters that inhabited Stieg Larsson's first novel, with the distinct emergence of Lisbeth Salander to the forefront of the book.  The first book in this trilogy, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was a fantastic, albeit flawed page-turner that established the pairing of Blomkvist, the insatiable, altruistic middle-aged journalist and Salander the young, anti-social and dangerous genius.  In the latest installment, we are exposed to what makes Salander tick.  She is a fantastically layered and sophisticated character that enables Larsson to focus more intently on his themes of pervasive violence against women in a supposedly just modern society.<br /><br />Without giving too much of the plot away, the murders of three characters connected to Blomkvist and Salander are at the center of the novel.  The illegal sex trade, violence against women, psychological manipulation, and revenge feature prominently.  The systemic mistreatment of women at the hands of men who treat them at times as objects, children, or pawns is a topic that Larsson returns too here.  In many ways though, this book feels more focused than the first book that at times seemed to meander between various plots of family murder and corporate intrigue.<br /><br />For readers who have not read the first book, Larsson includes some exposition to tell you what you have missed.  However, this book is a clear continuation of relationships and events created in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and your experience will be richer for having read that book first.  Blomkvist who is clearly the protagonist of Tattoo takes more of a secondary role to Salander here.  Even when Salander is missing and may either be the victim or perpetrator of the crimes at the center of the novel, she dominates the thoughts and actions of the other characters.<br /><br />Larsson's style is engaging, clear, and direct.  At times I find his prose too tidy.  The violence and confusion in these books does not seem to be reflected in the style.  Yet, where the book fails in literary prowess it compensates with the velocity of its storytelling and the force of its action.  I found this book difficult to put down and when I finished it my greatest disappointment was that I will have to wait another year or so to continue with these characters in the third book.does not seem to be reflected in the style.  Yet, where the book fails in literary prowess it compensates with the velocity of its storytelling and the force of its action.  I found this book difficult to put down and when I finished it my greatest disappointment was that I will have to wait another year or so to continue with these characters in the third book.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This really is a great show.  I bought it as a gift for my wife, but I think I enjoyed it almost as much as she did.  If you like Buffy or Angel you'll definitely like True Blood.  If you have read the books though, my wife tells me that there are a lot of changes from books to show.  I don't think this detracts from the show, it's just a little different.
B002HREKCI|5.0|Jay Asher's debut novel \\"Thirteen Reasons Why\\" is certainly one of those books that give YA a good name. This is a book that stays with you for a long time.<br /><br />The subject matter is definitely not easy or comfortable. This is a story of Hannah, a teenage girl who commits suicide and leaves behind a series of tapes addressed to people who she finds more or less responsible for her decision to end her life. The story is told from the point of view of Clay, Hannah's classmate and one of the people she addresses her tapes to. We listen to the tapes together with Clay who reminisces about Hannah and reacts to Hannah's revelations. The journey is dark, as we experience Hannah's descent from the excitement of moving to a new place and first love, to disillusionment in those she thought to be her friends, to loss of trust and privacy, to disappointment in herself and finally to ultimate self-destruction.<br /><br />Many would think Hannah's decision unjustified. I (although I've never considered suicide) came to understand her. And in fact, just like Clay, came to realize that any action (and even inaction), no matter how small or insignificant it is, might deeply affect someone else's life and even become that dreadful \\"last straw.\\"<br /><br />The format of the book is very clever and impactful, however I found myself distracted at times by the quick shifts between Hannah's and Clay's narrations. In these instances I noticed I was skipping Clay's POV to move on to Hannah's. Otherwise this is a remarkable novel which deserves recognition. I am curious to see what the author writes about next.
B001608QVS|4.0|What can one say about Dirty Harry that every pinko commie liberal democrat bleeding heart hasn't cried about in the last 30-plus years? He's grumpy, he's casually racist, he eats nothing but hot dogs and speaks mostly through his gun. But we all love him for it, consarnit.     And what's with all these over-sized boxed sets that don't justify their bulk? There are five discs in this thing, and they only take up maybe a 1/4th of the case! The rest of it is filled with this \\"BONUS\\" malarkey, like a letter from Clint Eastwood, production documents, poster replicas, and some gold bricking liberal's reproduction of Harry Calahan's badge!    You kids and your comprehensive boxed sets! Why back in my day, we had to walk fifteen miles in the snow, uphill both ways just to see a black and white picture of a movie at the back of the newspaper! And we were GRATEFUL!    This wouldn't be happening if Nixon was still in The White House!
1573300403|5.0|I love michael jackson and to see him dance his butt off was worth the price
1878424319|5.0|Everyone should have a copy of this book.  This book should be in all hotel rooms, right next to the Gideon's Bible.  It's a more useful, sensible read and we know who the author is.
B001FB55H6|4.0|Great movie!  On this edition I liked Zack Snyder's in-movie commentary.  However, to my dismay I discovered--on an insert that came with this edition, no less--that in a few months an even better disc set will be released that incorporates the \\"Tales of the Black Freighter\\" into the movie, and a few other goodies.
B0021L8US0|4.0|25 odd years ago, the movie AlienNation imagined nearly human aliens experiencing immigration in 20th Century American, assimilation, employment, etc...  District 9 places a huge amount of buglike alien refugees in South Africa and imagines in a very realistic fashion what would happen.  I don't know enough about film to say only Peter Jackson could have made this, but the story needed talent and it got talent at all levels.  The movie is rated R, most teens can handle the film.
B00000IQW5|4.0|Wonderful movie although it drags in a couple spots.  Richard Dreyfuss and Holly Hunter have good chemistry.
B0000009S3|5.0|I got put onto this album by a mate who has quite differing musical tastes to me and was a little bit apprehensive to give it a go. I'd heard some Zappa before this, and always enjoyed it and appreciated him for his eccentricities. This was the first Zappa album i'd listened to from start to finish and I was hooked from halfway through Peaches En Regalia...The drums on this track are amazing!  Zappa is one of those untouchable artists. He was so ahead of his time that he is still ahead of his time. Hot Rats (along with every album he has put out) is just so choc-full of discovery both through listening once every so often to listening incessantly over and over almost as if to unlock some secrets only available to chosen few. Zappa also did this, as it seemed, quite effortlessly and with an attitude that didn't take himself too seriously and did not give a single hoot if anyone didn't get it.    Any zappa album, even the ones that are pretty unlistenable, are 4-5 stars just for their originality, humour, wonder and the thought going through your head of \\"what the f*%@!\\"   I don't know if this album is a good starting place for Zappa newcomers, is there any? Maybe start with the greatest hits or something if you're into that.   Hot Rats is definitely worth the admission price for any music fan who loves their music full on, uncompromised and just a little nutty...
0307387178|5.0|I found this to be a highly moving and thought provoking novel, a vivid story of adventuresome wandering, albeit somewhat reckless and self-centered, taken to the extreme.  Those predispositioned to viewing this as a story of a rich kid, thanklessly tossing away all his privilege with reckless self indulgence will not enjoy this book.  Those willing to see deeper into his persona will find themselves engrossed in a story that will never be forgotten.  The non-linear manner of the story telling fits in well with the meandering path of McCandless as he roams North America.<br /><br />Unlike the movie, which should be labeled `based on true events' rather than `true story', the book sticks to well researched facts and quotes from those who encountered McCandless.  The author's attempt to reframe the tragic ultimate fate of his starvation into poisoning (later tweaked to moldy seeds) is the only portion where he ventures unnecessarily into conjecture.  And this is a very minor part of the book that is often unduly criticized.  The book delves deeply into personality yet leaves it up to the reader to decide what to make of it, good or bad.  The author says of Chris McCandless (AKA Alex Supertramp, I love that name) and others like him: \\"They tried to follow their dream.  That's what was great about them.  They tried.  Not many do\\".  Krakauer surmises that McCandless \\"came into the world with unusual gifts, and a will not easily deflected from its trajectory\\".<br /><br />There is a lot to learn from this story.  I can think of no more profound message: we are on this planet to walk a journey, and Chris McCandless wasted no time walking his.  May he rest in peace.
0307269981|5.0|First things first. If you haven't read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, don't even think about buying this book. Don't even read the reviews. One small bit of information will ruin the entire plot for you. If have read the first novel, then prepare yourself because The Girl Who Played with Fire will blow you away.<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo focused on the disappearance of Harriet Vanger, but this novel focuses on Lisbeth Salander. Who she is. Where she came from, and more importantly why she was declared incompetent and placed in a mental institution.<br /><br />The novel picks up a year after the Vanger events. Lisbeth decided to travel around the world for a while. Mikael Blomkvist tries to contact her, but it's like Lisbeth has fallen off the face of the earth. So it seems!<br /><br />Meanwhile, Mikael is back at Millennium when a scoop that involves corruption at the highest levels of government is offered to him. However, before Mikael can publish a book exposing a sex scandal that involves, police officers, judges, lawyers, and goverment officials, two shocking murders take place. The main suspect is Lisbeth Salander. The Girl with Dragon Tattoo becomes the most wanted woman in Sweden. Her fingerprints were found on the weapon, and everyone believes she is guilty of murder, except for Mikael.<br /><br />I read The Girl who Played with Fire with bated breath. I expected to be slightly disappointed because I didn't think it was possible for a sequel to top The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. I was wrong! I actually think this novel is slightly better than the previous novel. In the first book, I had a strong suspicion about what happened to Harriet Vanger. In this novel, I didn't have the slightest clue how or why Lisbeth Salander was mixed up the double murders.<br /><br />As in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, there are many characters in this book. This is usually a strike against a book. Too many characters usually takes away from the main storyline, but Stieg Larsson made it work his first novel and did it again in The Girl who Played with Fire. Prepare to meet many police officers, detectives, journalists, and criminals.<br /><br />The author's untimely death is so tragic. He was a gifted writer and would have become one of my favorite authors of all time. If you haven't already, you must read both books written by this author.  I understand that there is a third book called The Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest. Unfortunately, it has not been translated into English yet. I plan to purchase it the day it is released. Amazing author and amazing books!his first novel and did it again in The Girl who Played with Fire. Prepare to meet many police officers, detectives, journalists, and criminals.    The author's untimely death is so tragic. He was a gifted writer and would have become one of my favorite authors of all time. If you haven't already, you must read both books written by this author.  I understand that there is a third book called The Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest. Unfortunately, it has not been translated into English yet. I plan to purchase it the day it is released. Amazing author and amazing books!
0425166805|4.0|It was a great book. I could not put it down. I look forward to reading more from the author. This book did not disapoint.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|What can you say about Michael Jackson music that haven't been said before? This CD is a very good start in your collection of MJ's music.
031606792X|5.0|I bought this book for my 12 year old daughter.  She can't put it down.  As with the previous 3 books in the series, she LOVES it.[[ASIN:031606792X Breaking Dawn (The Twilight Saga, Book 4)]]
B001993Y2C|5.0|Watching the stunningly good Battlestar Galactica play out in front of you in fantastic HD on Blu-ray is an unparalleled experience for any TV fan. Recommended to anyone with eyes.
B00000IFWE|4.0|You can't really go wrong here.  It's Tom Petty.  If you love him, you'll love it.  If you like him, you'll like it.  And if you're one of the select few that don't like him, well, shut up.  Tom Petty's work is amazing on all levels and will always be so.  Great writing and song construction across the entire disc.
055380684X|5.0|With 34 reviews already written for this book I can only justify writing another if I think I have something to say that hasn't been said by other reviewers.<br /><br />I have spent most of my adult life teaching, in universities and in industry. Through it all I have always sought better ways to perform the task of getting a concept or a bit of understanding from my head into that of someone else. And I've also often struggled with getting it into my own head, and many times I have struggled with getting from the novice stage to one of mastery of a concept or skill.<br /><br />Bear with me as I attempt to set the stage for your understanding what I am trying to say. Being a scientist I'll approach the topic from the viewpoint of a scientist. In science research, or the organization of existing research, is usually done either to (a) support (i.e. to \\"prove\\") a hypothesis or (b) to disprove a hypothesis. Coyle's approach in \\"The Talent Code\\" is the former - he is assembling evidence in an attempt to prove that myelin is the \\"key\\" to developing talent. That's fine, but what I am most interested in is that he has assembled a large amount of data concerning development of talent. We don't have to accept his hypothesis to make use of his data.<br /><br />The myelin sheath effectively makes some neuronal connections more effective than others; that is undeniable. Thus it is unarguably an important factor in speed of transmission. That, along with details of the chemistry of neurotransmitters, neuronal connections, the function of glial cells, and an infinitude of factors unknown collectively make up the \\"key\\" to developing talent.<br /><br />I'm heading toward a strong recommendation of this book. How can I get there when I've just buried the author's theory, the basis for the book, in a pile of other factors that I consider to be of potentially equal or greater importance? The answer is simple. Coyle has assembled a sequence of steps that he argues does lead to maximization of talent. And he backs up that assemblage of steps with enough examples to leave little doubt about the general \\"correctness\\" of his argument. Whether one accepts or rejects Coyle's explanation the steps that he argues leads to talent development clearly work.<br /><br />Who will benefit from reading this book, and why? If you are a teacher or a learner you can benefit greatly in the direct application of his observations to your daily work. If you want or need to develop a talent in yourself Coyle gives a blueprint for how to do that. If you are interested in the \\"myelin viewpoint\\" you'll get a reasonably complete view of that. If you want to know the \\"answer\\" to the question of the biology/chemistry of how talent is developed, this isn't the place to find it though you'll see one such hypothesis developed in some detail.<br /><br />In short, I recommend reading the book with the mindset that if you follow the prescription you'll get the desired results. If he's correct in that myelin is the magic ingredient so be it. If he's wrong, you'll still have the results, and that's nothing to sneeze at.
B0027VTMAE|3.0|Version: U.S.A / Lionsgate / Region Free  MPEG-4 AVC / BD-50 / AACS  Aspect ratio: 2.40:1  Running time: 2:13:14  Movie size: 41,907,210,240 bytes  Disc size: 43,149,200,599 bytes  Total bit rate: 41.93 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 34.82 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         4766 kbps       7.1 / 48 kHz / 4766 kbps / 24-bit (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 1509 kbps / 24-bit)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         224 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbps / Dolby Surround    Subtitles: English, English (SDH) and Spanish  Number of chapters: 16    #Audio commentary  #Making of (SD - 2 minutes)  #Storyboard selections  #Gallery of Satanic Drawings  #Trailers
1591841666|5.0|Contrary to many of the other reviewers here, I think this little book (it's under 80 pages) is essential reading for success in business and life. It promises to teach one simple, elegant and powerful idea: Know when to quit and when to persist. Or, as Kenny Rogers would put it, \\"You've got to know when to hold and know when to fold\\".    The first time I read the book, I understood this. But it was the second time I read the book that I got the real Aha! moment. I think the book actually delivers TWO ideas, and the second - unadvertised in the promotional blurb but prominent throughout the book - is the more important.    It's this: If you're not the best in the world, quit.    This, more than the quit/persist idea, is what makes this book essential reading, especially in this connected, competitive world where being #1 brings all the success and being #2 leaves you highly vulnerable.    So how is it possible for EVERYBODY to become the best in the world at what they do? Well, the trick is that you get to decide what \\"best\\" means, and you get to decide what \\"the world\\" means (Well, actually your customers decide, but it's your job to position yourself in front of the right customers). The point is, mass marketing is dead. Choose a niche market and a customised offering that makes you the best. If you can't, quit.
B000Z7S5FU|5.0|I HAPPENED TO LUCK UP ONE EVENING TO SEE THE MOVIE \\"ONCE'. I WAS SO TAKEN BACK BY THE MUSIC I CANNOT EXPLAIN IT. I BOUGHT THE CD IMMEDIATELY AND HAVE ALSO GOTTEN THE MUSIC FROM THE SWELL SEASON ALBUM. BY THE TIME I HAD DISCOVERED THIS GREAT BAND THEY HAD COME AND GONE FROM THE U.S. I WAS SO SADDENED BY THIS FACT BUT I'VE NOT GIVEN UP HOPE OF SEEING THIS BAND. THEY ARE COMING BACK TO THE U.S. IN THE FALL OF 2009 AND I WILL BE THERE TO SEE MY FAVORITE GROUP. TO SAY I DO NOT BUY ALOT OF MUSIC IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT BUT I AM ON PINS AND NEEDLES WAITNG FOR \\"STRICT JOY\\" TO COME OUT IN OCT.,2009. I'M SURE THERE ARE SO MANY OF US WHO CAN SAY THIS IS THEIR FAVORITE BAND BUT FOR ME IT IS THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH!!! I SIMPLY ADORE THE MUSIC, THE BAND,AND EVERYONE CONNECTED WITH THIS GROUP!!  THANKS A MILLION FOR COMING BACK TO THE STATES AND PLEASE KEEP COMING! WE LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!
1400063736|5.0|The book sucks you in, and weaves you through life in NYC in 1974 through the eyes of many intersecting souls. It is like Bonfire of the Vanities, but written with much more craft. He captures so many voices so well. It was like watching Jamie Foxx play Ray Charles in Ray or Nathaniel Ayers in the Soloist  - you forget he isn't Ray or Nathaniel  soon into the movie. Reading this book you forget that it is actually fiction and you yearn to see what happens next in each life. Brilliant - can't wait for his next book.
B001TOD92C|4.0|I've been a Mickey Rourke fan during his whole acting career.  He's done some amazing acting jobs over the decades, from small roles to big, from leading man handsome to not good looking at all. This story of a aging wrestler who has seen better days, who is going to die if he doesn't quit wrestling (due to a medical condition), is an interesting story.  However, it is not an electrifying story.  Rourke is the best thing in the movie.  He is the movie, in fact, from beginning to end.  This character is not all that far from the personal journey that Rourke himself has been making in life.  Both the character and the actor have been considerably battered by life and made some very bad decisions along the way.  They paid some big price tags for those mistakes too.  The wrestler tries to connect with his daughter but he has been such a negligent father that he can't get that off the ground.  He has the beginnings of a girlfriend in a stripper, played by Marisa Tomei.  However, he can't sustain anything so they are sort of off again and on again.  He tries to give up wrestling but it is all he knows.  This almost played like a documentary instead of a feature film.  However, the story needed some oomph to it.  I found myself getting bored and restless in various parts of it.  I could see where it was going and wanted it to get there already.  I can't fault the acting but the script needed work, the directing needed more panache. Darren Aronofsky is usually better on delivering more oomph and panache in those departments, as he was with \\"The Fountain\\" (2006) and \\"Requiem for a Dream\\" (2000).<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B0013FSL0C|3.0|In one of the last episodes, Paul expresses that therapy to him seems more about personal connections (and a dialog as a result) rather than the formal psychology training. Similarly, this series is mostly about entertainment thru voyeuristic views into others' emotions, with therapy  setting as just a platform.    Many inaccuracies and inconsistencies, that just go way beyond logical probabilities and i could not , as they say, suspend my disbelief. For instance, one of the patients is a certified diver who enjoys it very much and even after an year of therapy, the item does not come up, except by accident.
B001FB4W0W|4.0|To be honest with you humble reader, when I first purchased this show I could not stand it. To me the show was very pretentious and tried way too hard to be exciting and visually stunning. In fact, I was so put off by the show that I threw it into box, to never be watched again. I know, this is a great start to a four star review, but hear me out (to use an annoying cliche).     However, after reading all the good reviews of it and being constantly bombarded by all the press (thanks Entertainment Weekly) I decided to give it another go. Starting from the beginning I forced myself to watch the entire first series in one sitting and let me tell you the addiction set in after the third episode. What drew me in the second time, was the characters. Alan Ball provides the viewer with very detailed back-stories, i.e. Tara's constant fights with her alcoholic mother Letti Mae; Sookie's abusing uncle; Bill's turn as a vampire; Sam's shape shifting; Jason's womanizing and constant fear that he committed numerous murders; that you begin to see the human side of all the characters. True Blood is more then just another Vampire story, rather it is a very detailed look into the human psyche and how average people can be coerced into hating a \\"particular\\" group.     True Blood succeeds in bringing the watcher deep into its story and proves to be very relevant to today's society as we are constantly having to deal with race, gender, religious, and sexuality rights. This show is more then a fantasy, its a cross-examination of America. All I can say is give the show a try. It took me two times to realize the true nature of True Blood.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|An excellent transfer and the amount of extras is overwhelming.  This collection will keep me entertained for quite some time.
0060530839|5.0|This allegorical book, supposedly aimed at children, provided Mr. Lewis with a wonderful medium to deliver a Christian message to readers of all ages.  He casts the perennial contest between good and evil as a secret adventure of four displaced children in a land frozen under the control of a wily wicked witchy ruler.  While good prevails, it does not come without struggle and sacrifice.  Along the way the Lion of Judah acquires a new name and important lessons of loyalty and courage are learned.    I really like books that are inspiring, thought-provoking, and fun.  It makes me wonder what is in the back of all my closets!  This book makes a great gift for young people that they will treasure throughout life.  Another Christian fantasy book I like, aimed at a somewhat older audience, is [[ASIN:0979745926 ARROWS THROUGH TIME: A Time Travel Tale of Adventure, Courage, and Faith]].
0307277887|2.0|I liked the alliteration. However, this book is one of those rare cases where the show \\"Dexter\\" is much better.  Dexter is a lot more rational and sensible. Definately more delicious and thought-provocking. In the show, that is.      In the book, it's a bit different.  There's a force that drives, rather compels him to kill.  Supposedly, it's the dark passenger.  In the show, that is something that's within him.  He recognizes it as part of himself.  In the book, like I said, it's a bit different. A bit of a supernatural aspect drifts into the book.      Still, a fun, easy read.
B001W2PQ7W|3.0|I adore this movie,it's cheesy,but classic cheesy,  and it's filled to the brim with actual historical sideshow  specialties,how could you not love it?! This dvd itself has  HORRIBLE sound quality though,I know it's an old film but gimme   a break.
B001041JKU|5.0|The music & video c.d. was excellent.......            It was everything you would expect from a Micheal Jackson album....            I would recommend it to all....Plus it was a great price......
B0012GMVG2|4.0|This is Toto's greatest album by far; in addition to the classics \\"Rosanna\\" and<br />\\"Africa\\" it contains other excellent songs like \\"I won't hold you back\\" and \\"Afraid of love\\".<br /><br />It's too bad this album has not been remastered the way other albums from the CBS/Sony catalog have been (all the Billy Joel albums and the majority of<br />the 'classic' David Bowie albums from the 70's for instance). The sound of<br />the CD version that I currently have and even the SACD version of this album<br />were very dissapointing.<br /><br />Please Sony, re master an re release this album!
0807126063|5.0|Arguably one of the funniest books ever written.  ACOD is compared to Don Quixote for good reason.  Ignatius Reilly's handle on reality is as skewed as Quixote's was.  The two characters each believe they have a greater sense of how the world should be aligned, and work toward that vision, each to very humorous effect.  One can't help but be somewhat intrigued by the parallels between what we know of author Toole, and his most famous character, Reilly.  Toole's mother, who worked hard (thank goodness) to get ACOD published following Toole's death, was able to enjoy the profits of the book's sales, as well as the esteem once the book received the Pulitzer Prize.  And so the reader can't help but be struck by these lines at the end, as Reilly is gathering his notebooks before departing for New York, \\"There are all of my notes and jottings.  We must never let them fall into the hands of my mother.  She may make a fortune from them.  It would be too ironic.\\"  Too ironic, indeed.  In the case of ACOD, we can only be thankful that Toole's writings did fall into his mother's hands.  Had they not, we would have missed out on a wonderful read.
B0021L8US0|4.0|This is a solid science-fiction film. It's not as earth shatteringly awesome as all the Net buzz would have you believe, but it's a solid film definitely worthy of a trip to the theater. The CGI is rock solid and the aliens (\\"Prawns\\") are some of the most unique to come out on film in a while.    As for plot, it's Alien Nation meets The Fugitive lightly covered with a fun amount of gore-n-violence and topped with a dollop of social commentary. It blends a lot of familiar elements from other films and ends up coming out as something fairly original. The story has a great ending, and it begs for a sequel.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Most complete set there is for sale (unlike the European versions which only have 1-3 without the extra discs). Picture quality is so much better than the DVD versions. All movies work on European Blu-Ray players (while it's being listed as Region 1 only) and they have Dutch subtitles so convenient for me! Highly recommended.
0316067601|5.0|Marcus lets you know what it actually like to go to seal school without actually ever going.  Every seal school candidate must read this before going.  The last half of the book beautifully describes Marcus's encounter with the Taliban on an Afganistan mountain where he was the only survivor of his seal team.
B000000H3Z|3.0|I owned a copy of Sepultura's \\"Beneath the Remains\\" many years ago but inexplicably parted with it and until I recently re-bought it I had not heard it in like 14 years.  I looked over the track listing to see if I remembered any of the songs and I didn't.    I may not have listened to it enough all those years ago because it's the kind of album that's charms are not evident until repeated listens.  But even then it's not as brutal and underground sounding as \\"Morbid Visions\\" (my favorite by them) or as memorable as \\"Arise\\" (my second favorite).    Recorded at Christmastime 1988 in Rio de Janeiro, this was the band's first release to be produced under the capable hands of noted American engineer Scott Burns (and the record would be mixed at his Morrisound studio in January '89).  The sound therefore is good and crisp and far more precise than before.    The title track and \\"Stronger Than Hate\\" (the latter of which featured backing vocals by Incubus and Atheist members) are probably the tracks that stand out most chorus-wise and the first song on the B-side \\"Sarcastic Existence\\" is a pummeling thrasher that is one of the heaviest on the album.    That said, there are a couple awkward spots riffing-wise where it's clear the band were still developing their chops musically and some spots on the record come off almost as filler.    Still, this album is good solid death/thrash when taken as a whole and is a worthy addition to any Sepultura collection.
B000F1IQN2|4.0|This is a spy thriller in essence.  Based on the book Vengeance, an Israeli Body Guard to Golda Meir is engaged to assassinate conspirators in the kidnapping and murder of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics.  The main character uses many different aliases and travels throughout Europe to kill his targets.  It's an intriguing story and one that was never discredited as the truth.  I found the movie quite interesting but also confusing.  It is difficult to completely understand what is going on but I suspect that the main character and the other Israeli agents also felt that way.  The story is ambiguous in whether the mission helped Israel or harmed the country's long term peace goals.  It also highlights the intractable problem these two groups - israelis and Palestinians have with each other.  A very good movie to watch and learn from which can be entertaining at times, but very confusing and without a real ending - like real life.
B001K3JF7K|4.0|There is value to every sound and note in music. Quiet Nights is beautiful music executed by a talented performer following her own musical path. Judging someone's musical journey harshly only means that we have ceased to travel our own.    I listen to Quiet Nights often and enjoy it evertime.
0156027321|5.0|I want to say this story is life-changing.  I want to believe that Pi Patel is a real person.  For didn't the author make him truly come alive through the pages of this book?    But I'll just say, thank you, Mr. Martel, for introducing me to Pi Patel, for bringing him into a place in my heart that needed him...with his innocence, with his fantastical imagination that leads us to believe its workings are reality, with his courage in the bleakest of circumstances, with not a negative word on his tongue even when it seemed all odds were against him, with his love for and connection to the beautiful creatures on this earth, most of all, with his hope, with his faith, with his determination not to give up, even when he was almost ready to give up...something carried him through and I am led to believe that God - and his faith in God - rescued him from the most hopeless of situations.    Life can continue, even when those we love are gone.  Life can continue, even when it seems it's about to be gone.  There is something out there greater than ourselves.  A little innocent awe and positive patience for that something beyond our own meek lives can carry us far.      What is the end to this story called wonderful, paradoxical, painful life?  On this earth, who knows.  Mr. Martel said he had a story that would make us believe in God.  I already believed, but this story gave me the gift of a greater grounding in hope.  Fantastic, a MUST read.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|First, we purchased this for ourselves.  We thoroughly enjoyed the DVD's and so, purchased a second one as a gift for our son.  It's not only the expertly-told stories, but also, afterwards the Diaries that tell you how they were able to catch the footage on film.  Fabulous series!!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is the perfect follow up to watching the movie Twilight. I love the raw edge to it and the sex of course. Well written and played out. The story line keeps me engaged from many directions.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|I am completely delighted with this Essential Michael Jackson. The collection has the first four recordings from the Jackson 5... glorious Michael Jackson from the begining as a child and the front singer. Then most of MJ solo recordings to the present!
B00005QGAT|5.0|I purchased this cd right after watching Michael Jackson's memorial service and am glad I did! I grew up with his music and this cd is a fine tribute to this legend.
B000BJS4OY|5.0|No concerns here. Many reviews were rough on the mix. I played them side by side and  did not hear any glaring deficiencies.<br />My ears may be shot or my equipment may not be pure audiophile, but it sounded fine to me.<br />Packaging etc A+, DVD at the Hammersmith A+, DVD making of BTR A+. For a fan of The Boss, rock and roll or of a classic piece of music,<br />go for it.
1934030198|2.0|buy this book if you really want to compete--it appears excelent. Don't buy this book if your trying to cheat and get a \\"3 in 1\\" fitness book. Less than 20% is dedicated to sport specific stuff ,injury prevention etc. He assumes you have this. Get 3 different books. The title was not \\"the 3 in 1 fitness book\\" --my fault.
B000RF7XYO|4.0|This is Queen Elizabeth's rise to power, warts and all. The movie follows Elizabeth from her uncertain status as a spare princess to the assumption of power and, more importantly, her growth as a ruler and the niche she found for herself in history. Well-acted and well-written, the movie is unashamedly bloody but that point in English history was hardly a story of tea and crumpets... it was an age of violence and for better or worse this is what we see on the screen.
B00004R99U|3.0|Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World is one hour and thirteen minutes and was released on video on August 14, 1998 and on DVD on September 5, 2000. The movie picks up were the original left off. John Smith has is in London looking over some sea charts when guards kick open the door and try to arrest him for treason, but John Smith makes his escape and it is assumed that he has died. Back at Jamestown it is winter there and Pocahontas is still in morning over the presumed death of John Smith. Later that day a ship arrives from London and John Rolfe emerges from the ship on a horse. The horse is meant for Chief Powhatan but when John hears the villagers talking about Pocahontas, he assumes that they are talking about Chief Pocahontas. John and Pocahontas meet early on but do not realize who one another are. Later that evening John shows up riding the horse and asks for the Mighty Pocahontas and when she steps forward he is surprise. John is there to ask for Chief Powhatan to come with him back to England to have an audience with King James. Pocahontas goes as the voice of her people. The next day Pocahontas and her bodyguard, Uttamatomakkin, set sail for England along with John Rolfe. Along for the ride are her three stowaway companions: Meeko, Flit and Percy. When the gang arrives in London they head to the home of John Rolfe and along the way meet Governor Ratcliffe. This is the first time the two meet face to face in this movie. Governor Ratcliffe show John the order from King James that if she does not convince the him that the Indians are friendly people then an armada is to set sail declaring war on the Indians. Once they arrive at the home of John Rolfe they are greeted by Mrs. Jenkins (she is to believed to be the house keeper). The on going joke with Mrs. Jenkins is her glasses; if she does not have them on she can not make out who is who. Like at the end of the movie she has mistaken the horse's tail for Pocahontas hair. John leaves Pocahontas in Mrs. Jenkins care while he is off to see King James. At the court of King James, Governor Ratcliffe is there to see that things do not go well for John. He suggests that the King have a Hunt Ball to so Pocahontas can try to impress him. If Pocahontas does not then the armada will be sent. John Rolfe does not like this idea, but Pocahontas is determined to impress the king. John and Mrs. Jenkins teach Pocahontas the customs, dances and manners needed to impress King James. John, Pocahontas, and Uttamatomakkin head for the Hunt Ball. At first the king is impressed but at dinner things do not go well for Pocahontas. Governor Ratcliffe is having a bear-baiting and Pocahontas can not watch a bear being torture and comes to the rescue of the bear. King James calls her a savage for defending the bear and Pocahontas accuses the King of acting like a savage. King James orders Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin off to prison. Later that evening at a bar some of the people are talking about the arrest of Pocahontas and a stranger overhears them talking and gets on his horse and leaves. The stranger is John Smith and he arrives at the home of John Rolfe. The two plot the escape of Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin. It is still evening and John Rolfe arrives with a prisoner (John Smith in disguise) to help in the escape of Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin. The four manage to flee jail and make it to a cabin in the woods where the two men argue over what to do with Pocahontas. She hears the two men argue and flees into the woods. Pocahontas emerges from the woods with her mind made up and eventually decides to meet with King James as Princess Pocahontas and without all the make up she had on the night before. She enters the court of King James and Queen Anne to make her case to the both of them. While Queen Anne believes her story, King James does not until John Smith enters the court. When King James sees that he is alive and well he realizes that Governor Ratcliffe has been lying to him all along. King James tells the trio it is to late however, the armada is getting ready to set sail to Jamestown. John Smith, John Rolfe, Pocahontas, and Uttamatomakkin set off to the ships. All four manage to make it aboard the ship that Governor Ratcliffe is sailing. In the end Governor Ratcliffe is lead off in chains to prison and John Smith and Pocahontas realize they have separate paths to follow and John Rolfe and Pocahontas set sail for Jamestown and Uttamatomakkin stays behind with Mrs. Jenkins. Pocahontas II - Journey to a New World came with five new songs: Where Do I Go From Here?, What A Day In London, Wait 'Til He Sees You, Things Are Not What They Appear, and Between Two Worlds. As for as I am concerned, the sequel does not live up the original and the animation was not top quality. Pocahontas II - Journey to a New World get a C-.<br /><br />Chapter Selections<br />Set Up<br />Bonus Material<br />A) Pocahontas II Trivia Game<br />B) Pocahontas II DVD Storybook<br />C) Little Hiawatha<br />Preview Trailers<br />Play
B000ULQV0W|5.0|I have read the book, seen the movie, and listened to the soundtrack. The best of the three is this soundtrack.
1416594884|3.0|After enjoying \\"The Mission Song\\" and \\"The Constant Gardener,\\" two very fine novels that have helped make John Le Carre even more relevant as a writer of espionage and institutional morality in the post-Cold War world, I found it hard not to be a bit disappointed in \\"A Most Wanted Man.\\"  All the elements of success are here: Le Carre's pitch-perfect dialogue, his sharply rendered characters, and his remarkable ability to make the headiest of topics digestible to a popular audience.  \\"A Most Wanted Man\\" even finds some success in introducing a sort of love triangle to make sympathetic characters more so.  But in comparison to those two earlier novels, \\"A Most Wanted Man\\" seems a little too convoluted, a little harder to penetrate, and, perhaps because we're dealing with the financial side of terrorism and espionage here, just slightly less interesting of an approach to the topic.<br /><br />This sounds critical, but any Le Carre fan will tell you that a fair effort by him is better than most efforts by anyone else, and the novel is as readable, and as familiar, as any of his others.  It's just not as immediately gripping -- which isn't to say I wouldn't recommend it, but I wouldn't suggest it as a starting point to introduce new readers to Le Carre's modern phase.  Come to it after \\"Constant Gardener,\\" or the brilliant \\"The Mission Song\\" and I think readers will be hooked.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|Home is in some ways different from other documentaries about planet earth status and future. It presents its beauties and counts in our role in changing it during the years. Foreseeing the near future for it and the time we have left. It is a fine art work as well as a documentary.
0316010669|2.0|I was fascinated by the beginning of this book.  Gladwell did a good job of bringing me in.  I really enjoyed learning about how the brain works and processes information before we consciously recognize what we have seen.  When he started his social agenda and race issues I had to force myself to finish the book.  At the end of the book I felt like I was reading something from an angry citizen who felt that police officers were out to get the minority population.  He should have stopped the book 100 pages sooner.
0385341008|1.0|I was looking forward to reading this one but cannot understand the hype! I could not follow the story so gave up on it. Life is too short to read a book you don't like! :)
B000MR9D5E|5.0|A beautiful DVD no matter  how many times we watch it.  Received on time and as expected.
0896760278|5.0|This and all the Arnold books are the go-to books for the costumer. The detailed examination and pattern drafting really tell you what you need to know about period construction and design. Check The Great Pattern Review at [...] and you'll see other reviews of Janet Arnold books as well as pictures of garments that have been made from the patterns. I have made several myself and plan to make more. The directions are clear and concise and the drafting is superb. She has passed on now, but her legacy will remain in these wonderfully helpful books. See also Lucy Barton. She was a professor at U Tx long ago, but there is a small pattern book that goes with her text book, if you can find either!
B0020MKTOS|5.0|You still got it, Clint. An Awesome movie with a nod to Dirty Harry, albeit an evolved one. A beautiful movie about mercy, redemption, and salvation. This movie has got heart.
1439102813|5.0|bought as a gift for my mother who kept my father with Alzheimer's over 10 years at home.  He was sent to a nursing home the last 10 months after my mother suffered an accident which rendered her incapable of being his caregiver.    She thought this book demonstrated well the different aspects of this awful disease.  My mother is also an alzheimer's support group facilitator and finds other members benefit from reading this book.      She gave it 5 stars.  Realistic.  Reads as non-fiction.
B0026ZNL7Q|5.0|This album is simply amazing. It has a slightly different feel than their previous efforts but it is a good thing. Few bands these days actually get better from release to release. Riverside is such a band. I've been a fan since just after their 2nd album and each release since then has been better and better. ADHD is an intense listen and you pick up new things each time you listen to it.  I think track 2 and 4 are my current fav's. The outro jam on Left Out is just awesome. One of my favorite things about Riverside has always been the bass work and vocals, both handled by frontman Maruiusz Duda.  The man is a true musician. One of my complaints of previous Riverside was the guitar work wasn't as prominent as I tend to like in my music.  This album offers much stronger guitar and keyboard, in my opinion, and it adds a whole new level to the overall quality of Riverside.  Do yourself a favor and buy this album, you will not regret it.
B002E2QHBS|4.0|This set is very well put together, but I can't believe that after all of these years, they had \\"legal\\" problems including Ten Years After, The Band, and some other obscure band! Gimme a break! If I was putting this set together, I would have included ALL performances by the top names. Janis, Jimi, Who, The Dead, CSNY, Creedance, etc. (The Who did about 25 songs, and the Dead did about five, etc.) 30 CD's would have cost a fortune, but I still wish they would have put it out. How about in volume's? 1 per year???
0393932192|3.0|Insofar as this book offers a glimpse of indigenous life in Africa just before the intrusion of European government and Christianity, it is interesting and feels genuine. The story itself is dull and tedious for a western reader, with few handholds for emotional involvement. As with other books I have reviewed which simply don't work for me, despite their evident worth, I fall back on \\"Would I recommend this to my reader friends?\\"<br /><br />No.
0805028846|5.0|This is a great book for not only picturing pop ups but showing how to make them. There is help available on each page from the simple to the complex. I highly recommend it and have used it successfully to make several pop up cards myself.
B00288KNJU|3.0|I love this movie. It is great. I just do not understand why they couldn't use the same 3D tech they used in the theaters for the DVD. The 3D on this DVD is horrible. I guess I'll keep it because even in 2D it's a great movie, but I think they are just gonna try to score as much cash as they can off this movie by re-releasing it later in the year with a better 3D format. I'm not the brightest bulb in the hall, but couldn't they have formated the 3D theatre version into the DVD?
B0021L8USK|5.0|Who the Hell is Sharlto Copley?  After this movie, everybody will know his name.  Sharlto's performance was great enough to pull this original story/movie from a Very Good level to a Great level.  Fantastic performance and well worth consideration at Oscar time.  The only downside of this fim is the excessive use of shakey cam.  We all know it's to help create intensity, stress, and confusion in the action sequences, but it also hides imperfections and gives viewers a migraine.  Sure, it worked great for Blair Witch, but please cut it back to only the most intense scenes and give our headaches a chance to recover between rollercoaster rides.
0061684384|5.0|I love to watch L.A. Ink every week. Kat Von D is awesome. I love this book. It is a wonderful book. Anybody into tattoos this is a must have.
0061139378|5.0|No, that sums it up nicely.  Okay, more words: I read Coraline quite quickly, 2 sittings in 1 day. I was very pleased with it.   It was very creepy in a very casual way.   I haven't read much of Neil Gaiman's work outside of Sandman and Miracleman, Coraline has conviced me to read some more of his books.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|\\"Gran Torino\\" is actor/director Clint Eastwood's best film, hands down.  The way he coordinates the demands of his increasing age with the remarkably bitter and yet deeply decent character, Walt Kowalski, reflects a man rigorously dedicated not only to his art but to making sense of the ruthless, ultra macho image that has been created around him since \\"Dirty Harry\\".<br /><br />Walt Kowalski is an embittered Korean veteran who lives in a bad area of Detroit with the Humungs, a group of Koreans who fought with the United States in Vietnam and relocated to various economically impoverished areas.  Walt liberally uses the terms gook, spook, dragon people, and an assorted list of racial epithets that fire off so easily one can't help be amused by them.  He's a man of a different generation and is not a \\"value racist\\": this is how he has emerged from warfare and 1950's Americana.<br /><br />Walt is in some ways like a ghost.  The values he cherishes--extreme masculinity, tribal patriotism, family, and even the proper way to approach the tabernacle in the Catholic Church--seem to be disappearing before his eyes.  His faith is also questionable at the beginning of the film. After his wife's funeral, he tells a young priest that he has no desire whatsoever to confess to an \\"overeducated 27 year virgin who holds the hands of old women and promises them eternal life.\\"<br /><br />His Korean neighbors reciprocate his feelings of animosity.  There are parts of this fim that are drop dead funny because political correctness is dropped entirely.  Walt is not unlike the racist grandparents some of us have had, and if we have, we immediately feel a mix of repugnance and adoration for his absolute certitude in all situations.  Including putting an M-1 to the head of a gangster who steps on his lawn.<br /><br />Thao, a young Korean who lives near Walt, is pressured by his cousin to join the local gang.  After mistakenly trying to fit in with the gang and steal Walt's beloved Gran Torino, which he built himself,<br />they see him as a punk but still insist he try another criminal act to be initiated into the gang.<br /><br />The rest of the film is a meditation on mortality, self sacrifice, and what it means to love another group of people regardless of race, ethnicity, or anything.  The ending, though sad, is also beautiful.<br /><br />One of the top ten films of 2008.they see him as a punk but still insist he try another criminal act to be initiated into the gang.    The rest of the film is a meditation on mortality, self sacrifice, and what it means to love another group of people regardless of race, ethnicity, or anything.  The ending, though sad, is also beautiful.    One of the top ten films of 2008.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Wow, what a wonderful collection of Michael's music!!     He was truly the best!!!     I highly recommend this CD...
0802798225|5.0|this book is amazing... i couldn't stop reading it!!! if you want to read a love story where everything is possible, even when there's no hope, well you found the right book! So, enjoy!! 8)
0394818237|5.0|My daughter loved this book when she was in preschool.  She's a bit older and doesn't read from it these days, so I wanted to give her well-worn copy to her sibling, who is now himself in preschool.  She refused to give up her copy, so I bought a new one for my son.  Well - ever since he received the book, he's been reading and reading and reading it.  Now his copy is getting well-worn!  This is simply a wonderful book for children.  It makes a great gift.
0743496736|5.0|Thanks for the book.  It was in great condition upon arrival. I really love the recycleable shipping package.
0671449028|5.0|This is a very nice book.  My children enjoy it.   I recommend it.
B001JIHGO0|4.0|Vampire chicks are vicious. Van Helsing is James Bond. Werewolves are scary. Eastern Europian accents are annoying. Kate Beckinsale is annoying. I actually liked obviously fake special effects :D    Here is the deal: have zero expectations and you will not be disappointed. Worth a rental price
B002CAWNEM|1.0|Horrible in every way -- written by people who clearly have no clue how married couples...or anyone...relate to one another.  It rates one star for the attractiveness of the actors, but even the inevitable girl fight at the end is so stupidly done it's a complete snooze.  And what is the deal with Jerry O'Connell's hair?!  He has such a bizarre do, we were sure he was going to turn out to be in on it somehow.
0156421178|5.0|This should be the essential English read when it comes to first-hand experiences on the Spanish Civil War, Republican side.     Orwell writes about every single thing he experienced about many aspects of the Republic during the Civil War. The struggles of ideologies, the society, the environment, the ravages of war, etc. Orwell, a leftist, sided with the P.O.U.M., a militant marxist party which fought the fascist, and at the same time were discriminated by the dominant Communist Party of Spain.     As Orwell writes in these memoirs, he explains the several differences between the ideologies within the Republic. The Communists believed that it was better to defend the democracy and wait to do the revolution. This was particularly useful for the USSR (at that time, under Stalin, who Orwell despised), which pretty much was the big ideological boss of the Communist Party, and provided weaponry as well. The anarchists and the P.O.U.M., however, believed the Revolution went along with the war, they couldn't be separated. Catalonia was the scenery of this struggle for a classless, egalitarian, and stateless society, which was somewhat very successful during the beginnings of the War. It was, as Orwell put it, the ideal of an anarchist society, which would eventually fall to the fascists.    If you want to initiate yourself on the Spanish Civil War topic, this is a good book, since it's a foreigner's report on a War in which both sides made up lies about each other. However, this book won't give you a good image about the fascist side led by Franco, so don't take it as an universal report on the Civil War and it's conditions.
B0002HTZJI|5.0|The way I learned about this CD was from wikipedia. My local Borders bookstore didn't even have it in the database, but Amazon did! It was worth the price of shipping from England(I live in Hawaii).It was recorded around the time of the Live at Slane Castle DVD,which is also excellent.
9562911640|3.0|This was my first experience with Charles Haanel. I found his writing style very difficult to follow and a real challenge to hang in there to the finish. I was not impressed with the method of numbering the different sentence/paragraphs. In addition, I found his logic and wordy style confusing, hard to follow, and a \\"tad\\" frustrating.<br /><br />This book is 260 pages in length broken into 24 sections. Honestly? I would recommend sticking with the latest Law of Attraction series with Esther and Jerry Hicks and others. Much more revealing, fun to read, better continuity, and a cleaner modern writing style.<br /><br />Why was this book so challenging to read? Haanel wrote it 90 years ago and is described by the writer of his brief bio as, \\".....one of the finest studies in self-improvement and higher consciousness ever written.\\" For me, the writing and handling of the subject matter almost made me \\"unconscious.\\"<br /><br />I really don't know who I would recommend this book to. I sure would not recommend it to someone just starting out on their personal development journey. It would scare the H*** out of them and they would quit for sure, going back into their comfort zone.<br /><br />No, stick with Esther and Jerry Hicks, Jack Canfield, Michael Losier and others.<br /><br />Craig Mattice
055347359X|5.0|I just finished listening to The Giver moments ago. I looked to if there is a sequel, and since there is none, it makes my feelings of grief all that more powerful! I listen to recorded books almost on a daily basis, for years, while driving. This is absolutely among my favorite top ten. Beside a perfect story, the narration was is so good - it's hard to believe all the voices were played by a single person!<br /><br />The Giver also made me feel a lot of other emotions - horror, anger, worry, trust, love, courage, empathy, hope, innocence, fear, loss, weariness, disbelief  - you name it, you'll feel it! It's been a long time since I have felt such a smorgasbord of emotions from a single story! At one point I wanted to stop listening, so I listened in small doses over a several week period. By listening to the entire book I was rewarded by feeling strong feelings of empathy - and that one must do what is right no matter what the odds of one's success. For ultimately, The Giver is about courage, plain and simple!<br /><br />One final note: THIS IS A STORY HOLLYWOOD NEEDS TO TURN INTO A FILM! (But, please do a good job!) The Giver really needs to be told to a larger audience!
B001N26GFM|5.0|What a powerful film. Reviewers can sit around and talk about its flaws (like how on earth could a nine year old boy living in Germany during that time period not know what a concentration camp was?!), but one thing we can all agree on: The story proves a valuable point. Adults should see this film because it forces us to look outside of ourselves, and children should see it because it is a positive message that will follow them the rest of their lives. The fact is that the horrible things that the movie portrays really did happen. Innocent men, women and children suffered like few of us could ever relate to. I would recommend this film to anyone.<br /><br />  SPC Casey Harmon, U.S. Army<br />  [...]
0679446230|4.0|First off, a bit of advice - the ending is revealed in the Everyman's Library version's introduction by Kwame Anthony Appiah (from where the aforementioned quote comes), so read it last unless you don't mind a gigantic plot spoiler.<br /><br />This story, written in English by a Nigerian who learned the language \\"at the age of about eight\\" is about a man named Okonkwo, famous for his wrestling prowess, who has three wives and several children, and whose father is not respected due to his excessive outstanding debt. When neighboring villagers kill a member of Okonkwo's village, they are forced to sacrifice a virgin and another villager (a boy) to avoid war between the two tribes. Tribal leaders choose to house the boy with Okonkwo's family. Three years later, they take drastic action against this innocent youth, (including Okonkwo, who's been advised against it) of whom the family has become fond, after which Okonkwo's former fortunateness changes to bad luck, that is, Things Fall Apart. Borrowing seeds from another, poor weather conditions cause crop failures. Furthermore, he's sentenced to a sort of exile for seven years, which he must spend outside his village. Although welcomed with open arms by a maternal uncle/tribal elder and kept informed of goings on in his own tribe by an old friend, he has a tough time, though survives the punishment. Things go from bad to worse with the arrival of missionaries whose ability to gain converts is especially embarrassing to their unconverted family members and causes strife amongst the tribes and villagers. Conflict between the missionaries determined to obtain converts and tribal leaders trying to adhere to tradition leads to tough times and a climactic conclusion. Things Fall Apart is an authentic African story about conflict within similar and between different societies. Also good: Silence by Shusaku Endo, The Poisonwood Bible by Barbara Kingsolver, and Fever by John G. Fuller.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Teenagers and grown-ups alike love this game in our house...teen friends come over sometimes just to play!  It's a winner!
B00129H7VS|5.0|Absolutely FANTASTIC! This series was great, to see how the men of E Compnay fought, hardships they faced and what it took to survived during World War II.  Blu-ray made it even more enjoyable.  How they banded together and formed one of the best fighting groups in the European War and the enormous casualities they had to endure.  You can't go wrong with this series.
1401307450|5.0|i will read virtually any autobiography i can get my hands on, but of course the ones by artists or people i am already interested in are the most interesting to me...there is nothing more disappointing than getting your excited little hands on a book by someone you already love, and it being boring, self loathing, or a pity party for them. this book is by far in my top three favorites...even if you arent a huge chili peppers fan, this is a great book.  anthony really tells his story diplomatically-meaning he wants you to know HONESTLY why he made the decisions he has made in his life, where he comes from, and that he accepts and owns his mistakes and faliures, as well as his strenghths and accomplishments.  i thought it to be a very endearing story, and i recommend it to anyone that loves biographies  :)
0545123267|4.0|I think I need to read summaries more closely before I ask for a book, because I did not realize how romance-y this book is. For some reason it never occurred to me that this was a big romace book, so if I used my brain a little more and figured that out, I might have liked it a bit more. Not to say that I didn't like this book- I did- but I definitely don't like it as much as some other people.<br /><br />I liked the multiple points of view in the book, as it allowed Sam in particular to become a more developed character. Often in paranormal books the mythical creature person does not get a say, so they come off as too perfect. But because Sam also got to speak, more of his flaws- and Grace's as well- were able to be seen, so he was more realistic. One thing that did bother me about the multiple POV was that if I somehow skipped over reading the name of the person narrating on the first page of a chapter, I couldn't tell who was speaking. I don't know if I was reading too fast or what, but I couldn't always tell the difference between the voices.<br /><br />The romance in the book is enough to keep things interesting, even though the romance is sort of dragged out. There are some cheesy-but-still cute parts during the development of Sam an Grace's relationship, but overall the romance is completely adorable. I liked how they actually had a connection that was apparent and seeing them fall in love was sweet. I had problems with the non-romance part of the plot, however. It seemed like bits of action would just pop up in between the romantic bits, or it would go \\"action-romance-action.\\" The more adventurous parts of the story were exciting, but if a little more time were spent on them they could have been much, much better.<br /><br />And I must mention that the writing is lovely- this is one of those books that sounds wonderful out loud.<br /><br />Shiver will definitely appeal more to romance fans, but it can still be enjoyed, if not loved, by most readers.
B000Q6GUW0|4.0|\\"Dexter\\" is built on an intriguing premise: a man with antisocial personality disorder experiences murderous impulses but lives by a code - he can only kill murderers.  Kind of a twisted play on Freud's concept of sublimation.  The series didn't initially appeal to me, but overall I'm pleased that I stuck with the first season.  Michael C. Hall plays the titular character, a forensic expert in blood splatter.  He works alongside a group of detectives assigned to some of most brutal Miami murders; one of these cops is Dexter's adopted sister, Debra Morgan (Jennifer Carpenter).  Dexter was adopted as a child by a Miami cop (the now deceased Harry Morgan) who recognized that Dexter was antisocial.  Instead of allowing Dexter to go down the path of juvenile delinquency (and inevitably murder), Harry developed a code for him - you can kill but only under certain circumstances.  Harry also encouraged Dexter to do things to make him seem normal, such as dating, to help him hide his true nature and go undetected.  Most episodes feature Dexter stalking a serial killer, with a season long plot involving Dexter's fascination with the \\"Ice Truck Killer.\\"<br /><br />The series features excellent writing and direction, which helps make the somewhat unbelievable premise feel realistic.  The acting also is top-notch.  Hall does a nice job of making Dexter charming and likeable (so that we can believe that he can fit in at work and his relationships) while also adding a bit of edge through his lack of true emotion, superficial charm, and violent impulses.  We can sense that evil lurks just below the surface, kept in check only by his adherence to his code.  It's a solid portrayal of an extreme case of antisocial personality disorder, and the series isn't afraid to make its protagonist dark and somewhat frightening.  The supporting cast is also terrific, with C.S. Lee scoring as Vince Masuka, Dexter's lascivious co-worker who is a walking sexual harassment case.  Likewise, Sgt. Doakes (Erik King) helps lighten the mood as the only person who seems to know that Dexter is not the good guy he portrays.  I also enjoy the work of two \\"Oz\\" veterans - Lauren Velez as Dexter's complicated Lieutenant, and David Zayas as Detective Angel Batista (perhaps Dexter's closest \\"friend\\").<br /><br />Although I enjoyed the show, there were a few things I disliked about the first season.  Debra's insecurity is highly grating, and the actress gives a twitchy, affected performance.  Dexter's flashbacks to his days with Harry become extremely repetitive and unrealistic after awhile.  The first few episodes were difficult to watch, and Dexter came across as quite brutal; I was ready to give up on the series after these shows, but the character became more \\"human\\" in subsequent episodes.  Finally, the last two episodes of the season, which focused on the Ice Truck Killer case, were overly melodramatic and lead to a rather unsatisfying ending.  Although I approached the series with some trepidation and found it flawed, there's enough to like about the Season 1 that I plan on watching Season 2 on DVD.King) helps lighten the mood as the only person who seems to know that Dexter is not the good guy he portrays.  I also enjoy the work of two \\"Oz\\" veterans - Lauren Velez as Dexter's complicated Lieutenant, and David Zayas as Detective Angel Batista (perhaps Dexter's closest \\"friend\\").      Although I enjoyed the show, there were a few things I disliked about the first season.  Debra's insecurity is highly grating, and the actress gives a twitchy, affected performance.  Dexter's flashbacks to his days with Harry become extremely repetitive and unrealistic after awhile.  The first few episodes were difficult to watch, and Dexter came across as quite brutal; I was ready to give up on the series after these shows, but the character became more \\"human\\" in subsequent episodes.  Finally, the last two episodes of the season, which focused on the Ice Truck Killer case, were overly melodramatic and lead to a rather unsatisfying ending.  Although I approached the series with some trepidation and found it flawed, there's enough to like about the Season 1 that I plan on watching Season 2 on DVD.
B00164GDD2|5.0|You know and love Ghostbusters, so I won't get into the full critical review of the movie. But the Blu-ray version is great. Who knew such an old movie could look so good? As long as you have a decent 1080p TV it is well worth buying on BD even if you already own the DVD. And it's cheap, too! Stop procrastinating and do it!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I certainly enjoyed this wonderful story of our Four Fathers..It was so informative and and full of History that I never knew about..Every American should watch this DVD and learn about our country in the best and worst of times..Will watch this over and over again..Thank you for making this available for me to order...Please continue to have these types of films for future enjoyment....Thanks Gloria Fasciano
B000OVLBGC|5.0|This movie is very well made and acted.  It has insights into the former East Germany and Stasi that only they could really know.  They are cited in the credits and everything the movie depicts agrees with what I knew during my years in Berlin.  Sensitive but never schmalzy. A must for fans of Intelligence work and for the former Communist bloc and their civilized repression.
B001GCUNWG|3.0|\\"Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs\\" is the third installment of the \\"Ice Age\\" animation franchise, which, I am afraid, should have been stopped when the first sequel was made three years ago. Technically speaking, the newest film is just superb. I saw it in traditional 2-D format, but I admit the visuals have become more beautiful and the characters' movements more natural than before. But ...where is the story?    Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo) is a sloth who wants a family. So Sid \\"adopts\\" three dinosaur eggs he accidentally found in the icy underground cave. The mother dinosaur is not happy about that, of course, so she takes away three baby dinosaurs AND Sid too back to the cave and further. But where did they go anyway?     Now Sid's friends - two mammoths in love Manny (Ray Romano) and Elle (Queen Latifah), saber-tooth tiger Diego (Denis Leary), two possums Crash (Seann William Scott) and Eddie (Josh Peck) - they team up and embark on a new adventure into the subterranean world, a colorful computer graphics version of Conan Doyle's \\"The Lost World.\\"    I hate to say this, but it seems none of the four credited writers came up with a good story for \\"Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs.\\" The film's storyline is not just contrived; it is often impossible. Why should pregnant Elle insist on joining the searching party, for instance? The film's story only proceeds by constantly putting the characters in danger of falling, being eaten or crushed by animals or some objects.    That means there is no one you would like to relate to emotionally. The only character I found interesting is a confirmed loner, Captain Ahab-like weasel Buck (Simon Pegg), whose sole purpose of life is something Manny and Elle would not understand. He alone gives some depth to the film's weak narrative.    I am not saying everything about \\"Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs\\" is dull and uninteresting. The slapstick jokes are funny (including those of Scrat forever wrestling an acorn ... I'm beginning to feel sorry for him). These set-pieces are entertaining enough. Only that those sight gags could have been done better somewhere else, with some other characters.
B0021L8US0|2.0|\\"District 9\\", directed by Neil Blomkamp and produced by Peter Jackson.<br /><br />Present day; a gigantic alien ship appears is the sky and comes to rest over South Africa. It is determined that the visitor's intentions are not hostile, in fact they appear to be in need of help. 20 years pass and the novelty has worn off and people are beginning to wonder why the visitors are here and when they are going to leave and who is supposed to pay to maintain them. The Multi-National United (MNU) has been tasked with maintaining order and have recently been given the go ahead to move the aliens now numbering around 1.8 million from their current location to a another location and the operation is to be headed up by Wikus Van De Merwe  (Sharlto Copley). He and a team head into the slums to hand out eviction notices. All goes as expected until Wikus finds something he wasn't intended to find and the results makes Wikus' life take a turn for the worse...<br /><br />District 9 is not at all what I expected from the trailer and would have to say at the very least that the advertising is misleading. It sells itself as something of an action / Sci Fi and it is this but not necessarily in the conventional since. The story focuses almost completely on the Wikus character and his dealing with the condition he develops. He eventually begins an interaction with one of the aliens but it is almost like the aliens are an ancillary part of the story. It felt like the aliens were used only to introduce the condition and so that there weaponry could be showcased. The weaponry is impressive however I found it strange that this supposed passive race of creatures had such advanced weaponry.<br /><br />The Good: The performances from all the actors were all well done. The special effects for the most part were great to look at though I do find myself becoming weary of CG aliens/monsters/etc. The alien's weapons and the effects of using them were great and definitely the highpoint of the film.<br /><br />The Bad: It felt like the story opened up on one giant plot hole and someone continued working with a script hole puncher. The audience is supposed to believe that after 20 years no clear reason for the alien's arrival or their long term plan for leaving has been given? None of their technology has been able to be deciphered after 20 years? The humans don't have teams working around the clock on a giant spaceship just hovering in the sky to unlock its technological secrets?<br /><br />I found myself asking why the aliens needed to be served eviction notices. Also there are 1.8 million aliens living in these slums. They are given eviction notices and then within 48 hours when the main character is back in the slums there are almost no aliens to be found. Just a few scattered about here and there. Were we supposed to believe that the majority of 1.8 million aliens had been moved over 200 kilometers away within 48 hours?<br /><br />To me it felt like there was a technology continuity gap as well. This alien race that has the technology to fly across the galaxy somehow doesn't have the tools or resourcefulness to erect themselves better living conditions than some bad shacks? They couldn't manage to farm or produce anything? I'm sorry but a race intelligent and motivated enough to build a massive ship is going to cross the stars so that they can live in some shacks in a desert all while scavenging through our trash and eating out pet's food? It just doesn't make since. Why wouldn't they just live on their ship and travel back and forth for supplies? I could continue to poke holes in the story but will leave it here.<br /><br />Overall: It's a renter if you must see it. Don't race to the theatres for this one.he story opened up on one giant plot hole and someone continued working with a script hole puncher. The audience is supposed to believe that after 20 years no clear reason for the alien's arrival or their long term plan for leaving has been given? None of their technology has been able to be deciphered after 20 years? The humans don't have teams working around the clock on a giant spaceship just hovering in the sky to unlock its technological secrets?    I found myself asking why the aliens needed to be served eviction notices. Also there are 1.8 million aliens living in these slums. They are given eviction notices and then within 48 hours when the main character is back in the slums there are almost no aliens to be found. Just a few scattered about here and there. Were we supposed to believe that the majority of 1.8 million aliens had been moved over 200 kilometers away within 48 hours?    To me it felt like there was a technology continuity gap as well. This alien race that has the technology to fly across the galaxy somehow doesn't have the tools or resourcefulness to erect themselves better living conditions than some bad shacks? They couldn't manage to farm or produce anything? I'm sorry but a race intelligent and motivated enough to build a massive ship is going to cross the stars so that they can live in some shacks in a desert all while scavenging through our trash and eating out pet's food? It just doesn't make since. Why wouldn't they just live on their ship and travel back and forth for supplies? I could continue to poke holes in the story but will leave it here.    Overall: It's a renter if you must see it. Don't race to the theatres for this one.
B001FBSLH2|4.0|This is a fine concert, I can't add anything that all the other reviews have stated so nicely...EXCEPT...the import version of this concert includes a 20 minute live Crusaders show from the late 70's, and features (then) Crusaders guitarist Larry Carlton, which includes a live version of \\"Spiral\\".  Great stuff!  There is very little live stuff on Carlton from that period and the Crusaders sound much more inspired in that footage, I must say!
B0006B2A2E|5.0|\\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\" still holds --five years after its release-- a triple honor in my view.  It's the most beautiful love story I have ever seen or read.  It's the movie that has caused me think the most about love and relationships.  And hands down, it's just the best movie I've seen in my life to date.  I love it enough that I almost wish that a company like Lacuna really did exist, so I could erase my memory of having seen it and have the joy of watching it again for the first time.  It's that good.<br /><br />&lt;spoilers><br /><br />But the funny thing is that I might not have bothered to see it when it came out. When I first saw the trailer for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, I found myself wondering if it was another Jim Carrey comedic vehicle in which he'd overact and effectively ruin any humor I might find in it.  Part of this suspicion was driven by the fact that music for trailer (which was not used in the film) was a extremely cheerful song called \\"Mr. Blue Sky.\\"<br /><br />But my curiosity was piqued by the film and the premise of memory erasure, and when I looked at an early draft of the shooting script that was online I saw pretty soon that it wasn't some unsubtle comedy but something a lot deeper...in fact, I wondered if seeing might even be a downer given the rather bleak ending that the script had (where Joel and Clementine were \\"doomed\\" to endlessly meet, fall in love, fall out of love, and have their memories erased.\\"<br /><br />But I decided to take a chance and see it, and I'm very glad I did because it was a wonderful film...I feel about it the same way that some people feel about \\"Casablanca\\" or \\"Gone with the Wind.\\"  Why did I like it so much?  I came up with eight reasons:<br /><br />1.  Kate Winslet as Clementine:  I salute Kate Winslet and thank her for bringing to life a female character I instantly fell in love with.<br /><br />2.  Jim Carrey as Joel:  He did a great job and showed that he's more than a clown in depicting the character, who was sort of an everyman whose shoes I could see myself in.<br /><br />3.  Beautiful Story:  It was all about love, loss, memory with tenderness, passion, humor, and insight.  The scenes of the happy moments Joel and Clementine had are touching and totally authentic.<br /><br />4.  Fantastic Premise:  The premise of memory erasure and how that might work is just loaded with philosophical and moral questions that are well worth pondering.<br /><br />5.  Ingenious Use of Camera and Special Effects:  The movie is full of clever uses of the camera by Michel Gondry and none of it is overdone.  I see something new every time I watch it.<br /><br />6.  Solid Supporting Cast:  Tom Wilkinson, Mark Ruffalo, Kirsten Dunst, and Elijah Woods all made their characters memorable and sympathetic (even Woods as Patrick who would have easily come across as REALLY creepy but instead comes across as just pitiable).<br /><br />7.  Beautiful, Real, and Upbeat Ending:  It would have been such a downer if the movie had ended the way Charlie Kaufman originally wrote it, and the idea that Joel and Clementine would have just fallen into each others' arms after the enormity of what had happened had struck home would have been unrealistic.  The idea that they were going to give things \\"another go round\\" was realistic but hopeful.<br /><br />8.  Beautiful Images:  There are many in the movie, in particular Joel and Clementine on the frozen Charles, a pensive Clementine pondering her relationship with Joel, and the scene in the bookstore where the books gradually fade to white as the memory vanishes.<br /><br />&lt;comments about the DVD itself><br /><br />It's an excellent two disk collection of materials.  About the only thing I did not like was the music video by Polyphonic Spree which puts animated mouths on the characters in various scenes of the movie...it comes across as creepy.  There are a lot of deleted scenes included as well, which make interesting watching.<br /><br />This is definitely the DVD set to have if you loved \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.\\"  I just wish now that they would release a special \\"Director's Cut\\" that incorporates some of the deleted scenes.<br /><br />&lt;Summing Up><br /><br />I could go on and on about what a great movie this is, but I think I've said enough.  If you want a simple formulaic romantic comedy with glamorous leads and a totally predictable outcome, don't bother with \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.\\"  But if you want a film that has tenderness, beauty, humor, and is unbelievably creative with a \\"real\\" ending that is hopeful and not synthetic, by all means rent, borrow, or buy this movie.ow that they would release a special \\"Director's Cut\\" that incorporates some of the deleted scenes.    <Summing Up>    I could go on and on about what a great movie this is, but I think I've said enough.  If you want a simple formulaic romantic comedy with glamorous leads and a totally predictable outcome, don't bother with \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.\\"  But if you want a film that has tenderness, beauty, humor, and is unbelievably creative with a \\"real\\" ending that is hopeful and not synthetic, by all means rent, borrow, or buy this movie.
B0002KQNZO|5.0|It cannot be argued that Art Blakely is one of the giants of american music, let alone Jazz. Almost every one of his albums as frontman/leader of the Jazz Messengers is worthwhile and completely emblematic of the best of hard bop genre.    Over the years, the Messengers had an incredible lineup, none more impressive than on this album with Freddie Hubbard on trumpet, Curtis Fuller on trombone, Wayne Shorter, tenor sax, Cedric Walton on piano and Reggie Workman on bass.    The album starts out with the title track \\"Free for All\\", eleven minutes of absolute incredible jamming, rocking, incredible exuberence. It is quite possibly the most amazing track in the Jazz Messenger's storied history. The solos on this song are simply sublime particulary Shorter's; one his greatest performance in all his recorded ouerve. As for Blakely, he responds and guides the band with one of his hallmark controlled frenzies. An absolutely astonishing tour de force.  Yes, I would stack \\"Free for All\\" up there with any hard bop song ever released.    The rest of the album is hardly a let down. Although this incarnation of the Messengers was short lived, the band hits a stride and congruity that is hard to ignore.     I agree with one of the other reviewers that this may be the best all around Messenger's album, with nods to \\"Indestructible\\" and \\"Moanin\\". I say with complete confidence, if you like Art Blakely, or if you want to get to introduced to him, this album is certainly going to reward your interest.
B00007K02F|1.0|I had the great good fortune of watching Toby Stephen's Jane Eyre first. [[ASIN:B000LPQ6DE Jane Eyre (Masterpiece Theatre, 2006)]] And his Jane Eyre blows this one way way way out of the water. I decided to give this one a chance thinking it wouldn't be as good but might be okay. No way was it even close to okay. I really feel that Jane Eyre has been his finest work. This is where I first knew of him, and because I loved this movie I've sought out other works of his. But none match his stellar performance in Jane Eyre. Unless there is something I haven't seen yet.    Anyway, this one is much shorter than his so perhaps this accounts for its poor character development and shallowness and my boredom? I might have been alright with it otherwise. (wouldn't have liked it but wouldn't have hated it either)  But after good-expensive-cooked-just-right-tender steak, I did not want bad-cheap-poorly-cooked-fastfood hamburger. Two extremes with this meat; And two extremes with these movies!  The Great & The Awful? or The Awful & The Great?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|How often can you get 27 hit songs on one disc for such a good price? [7.99 when I got it]. That alone is reason enough. Plus the songs were all remastered, they sound better then the late 80s CDs (not as good as the 2009 versions though I'll assume.) Still a great deal for so many good songs on one disc. And if you like photos, the booklet has plenty of the bands singles from around the world. Would make the perfect gift for someone who is maybe just starting to listen to them or hasn't really listened to their music at all.
1401207529|4.0|Frank Miller is an awesome writer. There's really no argument there.  And this graphic novel is definitely one of his best.  This is basically an origin story both for Batman and Jim Gordon.   It explores how both men came to be who they are in future references.  I only gave it four stars because it does tend to focus more on Gordon than Batman, and I didn't buy \\"Gordon:year one\\".   But that's not to be discounted in any way.If anything, this book makes Gordon look like a straight up bad-ass.   And even tho I would've liked to see more Batman action, its still a great read.   Again, Miller wrote it, so its got that noir feeling to it which I'm a giant fan of. Alot of that inner monologue, detailing how grimy and corrupt Gotham is, that kind of thing.   Here's what you need to consider.   If you like Batman, or Miller's work, you should get it.   If you're looking to get into Batman or Miller's work, you should definitely get it.
B000WGWQG8|2.0|BORING!if you are looking for hours of conversations dragging on and on this is for you! little tip,brew a pot of coffe.
B000002H6C|4.0|...And Justice for All represents the last album of the Metallica that their diehard fans know and love. While the Ride the Lightning and Master of Puppets albums showed the band expanding the limits of heavy metal, ...And Justice for All is somewhat of a holding pattern. In fact, it follows the exact same pattern as Master of Puppets in that it has both the opening and closing thrash song, the second song being the epic title track, the \\"ballad\\" as the fourth song, and the instrumental being the second to last track. Also worth noting is that the drums sound tinny on this album. \\"Blackened\\" and \\"Dyers Eve\\" are both good thrash tunes and \\"The Shortest Straw\\" is even better. The title track would be their last great epic for 20 years. \\"One\\", which would also be the band's first video, is definitely one of their best songs, maybe their best next to \\"Fade to Black\\". The midtempo \\"Harvester of Sorrow\\" is also one of their best and paves the way for the slower tracks that would dominate their `90s albums.  The instrumental \\"To Live is to Die\\" is very good but not great. The remaining tracks (\\"The Frayed Ends of Society\\" and \\"Eye of the Beholder\\" are solid. Overall, this would be the last of the band's golden era as the more popular but inconsistent Black Album would follow and mediocrity would set in until last year's Death Magnetic. Get it if you love the old stuff.
B000GPIPT2|5.0|I've always enjoyed the old movies, and my grandsons wanted to see this one.  It will be nice to have in my collection.
0061537969|2.0|The story is the old tired formula of hard work and perseverence overcoming all obstacles.  There are no surprises along the way.  The conceit of telling the story from the point of view of a dog does not add much to the story as the dog is much too human.
0307341550|4.0|Gillian Flynn is a talented writer who quickly hooks the reader with the great storytelling of her narrator/protagonist, the scarred Chicago journalist, Camille in her first novel SHARP OBJECTS.  This is not a novel for the squeamish (the single razor blade on the cover should give readers a clue about that) since it involves a serial killer of children, a very damaged, self injuring heroine, Munchausen by proxy and some real mean thirteen year old girls.  All this evil takes place in one small Southern Missouri town which is well detailed but often so over the top weird it strains credibility.  The resolution to the mystery does contain a couple of surprising twists but though shocking these surprises are not totally believable.  Still, Flynn has a very readable style and her follow up second thriller DARK PLACES is next on my \\"to be read\\" pile.
B001J8ULZ6|4.0|book. But it is narrated by him & he approved this abridgement so I snapped it up. In some ways it is an expansion of THE SPEECH. That is the one he gave to the Democrats convention in 04. He was a canidate for The U.S. Senate. He may have decided to run for president that night. So did many others, in 2012 or 2016. Certainly not 2008. After that speech he was a super-star. As this book came out in early 2006 he had just got his feet wet in the Senate. His narration is very pleasant & personal as he talks about his political life & how it impacted on his personal life. To run for a state wide office he had to learn about the Illinois far from his hometown of Chicago. I beleive it must have been a transforming time for him. I remembered back in 1960 when John F. Kennedy was running for president in the West Virginia primaries. He met people he never knew existed. The small towns of the lower half of Illinois are middle America, east of the Mississippi & just north of Kentucky. They are working class rural people, farmers, far from Obama's experience. He talked about campaign trips such a visit to Cairo, Il,  with Senator Dick Durbin. There was a Bar-B-Que & as he listened to the people & seemed to get something out of the experience. He is able to get the best from anyone he meets & incorporate it. He talks briefly about his courtship of Michelle & meeting her so normal family, that made him one of them. He discusses his meeting with leadership  figures such as Senator Robert Byrd a repentant racist & an amusing encounter with President Bush shortly after he was sworn in. Good stuff & easy to listen to.
B001GM28HO|5.0|I am digging this CD and its my new favorite! I recommend it to anyone who needs something new on their ipod. It keeps me moving, singing along and feeling good! I love it!
B0017U7PT6|3.0|Much of the negative criticism leveled at Roland Emmerich's \\"10,000 BC\\" is valid.  The film is derivative of other (better) films including \\"The Searchers\\", \\"King Kong\\", \\"The Wizard of Oz\\" and dozens more; it's chock full of anachronisms and dubious history; and the story is at times unbearably cheesy, especially when the screenplay cheats the audience by using mysticism and magic to achieve contrived emotional effects (this is particularly true of the story's hokey happy ending).<br /><br />And yet, despite these flaws, the film is not without its charms.  For those viewers able to suspend logic and focus simply on its visual qualities, \\"10,000 BC\\" offers up some splendid special effects, gorgeous art direction and set decorations, and best of all, exquisite cinematography by Ueli Steiger that truly stimulates the imagination.  I experienced the film on Blu-ray disc screened on a 60 inch 1080i monitor, and was so impressed by the lavishness of the production that I frequently forgot and forgave the vagaries of the screenplay.  This is a movie that is perfect for those nights when you want to disengage your mind, relax with a bowl of popcorn, and simply pass two hours enjoying an inconsequential spectacle that requires a minimum amount of concentration.  If you can appreciate it for what it is, and not be disappointed by what it isn't, you may very well get a kick out of \\"10,000 BC\\".
B001GKJ2FW|2.0|The review title says it all.  Meryl Streep is a great actress but in this role looked totally out of her element.  She appeared wooden throughout.  Pierce Brosnan was a joke as a singer.  Perhaps with some genuine musical theater stars in the role, it may have worked.  Even so, I got so tired of its teeny-bopper mentality, even from the adults, that I soon came to understand why the late-night comedians made such fun of this film.  Is it a feel-good film?  Yes (my 81-year-old mother-in-law liked it), but much of the \\"feel-good\\" comes from laughing AT it.  The blu-ray transfer was excellent, which befits the great ocean-front scenery, the movie's greatest asset.  It sure wasn't the musical performances from Streep and Brosnan.
0307266303|4.0|The individual letters in the words in this book aren't sharp and distinct and separate.  Only this book, so I don't think it's my eyes or my glasses.  The Janson font is just slightly fuzzy, letters blending/bleeding a bit, overly dark, not enough spacing between words, sentences.    I looked and don't find a way to contact Knopf or the book designer Maggie Hinders, I'm hoping by typing here that someone will think about this, figure out what isn't working, choose better next time.    I've very much enjoyed what I have read so far, but think the technical part of production isn't successful.    Sylvia
B0019LY5I2|3.0|This was a great action movie, but if you are familiar with the comic series and/or the 80s cartoon, you will be disappointed with the differences. I realize that it's hard to turn an ongoing series into one movie plot, or to make a cartoon look good in live-action, but they should have realized that most of the people who choose to watch this movie are already fans of G.I. Joe (and they will notice every little detail).<br /><br />First of all, G.I. Joe wasn't part of NATO or the UN - they are \\"real American heroes\\" because G.I. Joe is suppose to be an American orginization. I guess they were trying to be politically correct. I did get a kick out of Brendan Frasier as Sgt. Stone, but kind of silly. Scarlett is suppose to be Snake Eyes woman, not Ripcord - give me a break...and they portrayed the Baroness as Duke's ex-fiance *rolls eyes* I was really disappointed with Cobra Commander - he looked and sounded more like Destro than the actual Destro character (Christopher Eccleston wasn't convincing). The worst part was casting Arnold Vosloo (from [[ASIN:B00000JQB5 The Mummy]]) as Zartan - they pretty much ruined that character...and those just are few of the problems with the movie discrepancies.<br /><br />I did like the scenes with Stormshadow and Snake Eyes, and even the flashbacks weren't too bad (although Stormshadow didn't kill their master). Their fight scenes were some of the best action sequences. In general, lots of explosions, fancy high-tech weapons, etc, as G.I. Joe fights to stop the forces of COBRA from using nano-technology to wreak havoc...lots of flashbacks for several of the characters.  As I said, a great action movie, but a not-so-great crossover from the comic and cartoon.<br /><br />P.S. The CGI polar bear made me laugh - it's as if Dennis Quaid can't be in a movie with live animals (re: CGI wolves in [[ASIN:B00005JMXX The Day After Tomorrow]].
B000000OAC|4.0|News of the World is another strong album from Queen's best era from 1975 to 1980. Like the next albums, Jazz, and The Game respectively, the best songs were released as singles although there are some great deep cuts. You can't go wrong with the one-two punch that opens the album. \\"We Will Rock You\\" and \\"We Are the Champions\\" are timeless anthems that will played long after we're gone. And on that note, the morbid piano ballad \\"All Dead, All Dead\\" is also a great track as is \\"Spread Your Wings\\", which should have been another huge hit. Like most Queen albums, diversity is fair game as you got the raging punk of \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\", the moody piano ballad \\"My Melancholy Blues\\", the mellow Middle Eastern feel of \\"Who Needs You\\" and the bombast of \\"It's Late\\". The remaining songs (\\"Fight from the Inside\\", \\"Get Down, Make Love\\", \\"Sleeping on the Sidewalk\\") continue the diversity and are decent but not as good as the cuts before or after them. All told, another strong album from Queen at a time where they could do little wrong.
B00005QGAV|5.0|i love michael!!! i really do. when it comes to music...he's just flawless...his singing and dancing. he's a perfectionist. he is the ONLY male entertainer that could really put a smile on my face and he's more relatable to me. he was soo humble and sweet. he wasn't like other guys who would flaunt how hot they are or how macho they are. MJ was just himself. I love how he sings...his \\"hee hees\\" and \\"wooo\\". his voice was soo smoothing and soft. i love it!!! he always put out songs that would send out good messages and u barely see that in artists these days. now it's about sex, girls, and money...sad. i love michael and missed him very much. i think the only person that kinda reminds me of michael is adam lambert. michael's music had different type of genres...rnb, pop, and rock. he was such diverse and open minded. i love him. most of his albums are really good. so i can't really say he has any bad album. he put so much effort in his music. he made the beats so catchy and fun to listen to. he's pure genius!!! i would listen to his music all day...everyday!!! the dangerous album does bring back really good memories. all of the songs are hot and has a mixture of new jack and rock.<br /><br />1. Jam- he was singin it soo fast...so i have to really listen to what he was sayin but this song does make me want to jam. 5/5<br /><br />2. Why You Wanna Trip on Me-good song. 5/5<br /><br />3. In the Closet-this song was soooo sexy and seductive. the interaction between him and the female in this song is sooo sensual. michael had never sounded this sexual before and the video was hot too!!! i love the sepia tone. 5/5<br /><br />4. She Drives Me Wild-it got a nice vibe to it. the car horn is funny. 5/5<br /><br />5. Remember the Time-omg....i sure do remember this song!!! it's definitely a throwback. 6/5<br /><br />6. Can't Let Her Get Away- this is one my fav songs on the album...the beat is sooo funky that it makes me want to get up and dance...the beats are sick!!! 6/5<br /><br />7. Heal the World-i remember this song. this shows how michael was such a caring person. he took the time out to care for the hungry, poor, and sick. 5/5<br /><br />8. Black or White-yup, i'm really glad he wrote this song!!! stop all this racial tension. i'm also tired of people talkin about his skin color...how he went from dark to light. who cares???? the man can make good music!!!! 5/5<br /><br />9. Who Is It-i love the bass in this song. it sounds really mysterious and exotic. i love the way he sings and skat. 5/5<br /><br />10. Give in to Me-i havent really listen to this song this much. it sounds really different from his other songs. i could really relate to the lyrics. it deals with heartbreak. 4/5<br /><br />11. Will You Be There-i grew up hearing this song. my dad likes this song. the part where he says \\"yea\\" always crack me up. and i also love it when he said \\"fill me up, hold me up\\" and \\"it's get a little lowly sometimes..yea yea\\". it's too bad that people wasn't there for him when he was goin thru a bad time in his life. instead they ridicule him and call him \\"child molester\\". 5/5<br /><br />12. Keep the Faith-i love this song. this is a good message. and it sounds like it would be in some commercial. 5/5<br /><br />13. Gone Too Soon-this is the saddest song on the album. from the beginning to the end. it's such a beautiful song. the video made me cry. i remember ryan white. 6/5<br /><br />14. Dangerous-another new jack song. his voice sounded deep in the beginning \\"but i love it\\"!!! it's so sensual and it's definitely a turn on!!! 5/5br />7. Heal the World-i remember this song. this shows how michael was such a caring person. he took the time out to care for the hungry, poor, and sick. 5/5<br /><br />8. Black or White-yup, i'm really glad he wrote this song!!! stop all this racial tension. i'm also tired of people talkin about his skin color...how he went from dark to light. who cares???? the man can make good music!!!! 5/5<br /><br />9. Who Is It-i love the bass in this song. it sounds really mysterious and exotic. i love the way he sings and skat. 5/5<br /><br />10. Give in to Me-i havent really listen to this song this much. it sounds really different from his other songs. i could really relate to the lyrics. it deals with heartbreak. 4/5<br /><br />11. Will You Be There-i grew up hearing this song. my dad likes this song. the part where he says \\"yea\\" always crack me up. and i also love it when he said \\"fill me up, hold me up\\" and \\"it's get a little lowly sometimes..yea yea\\". it's too bad that people wasn't there for him when he was goin thru a bad time in his life. instead they ridicule him and call him \\"child molester\\". 5/5<br /><br />12. Keep the Faith-i love this song. this is a good message. and it sounds like it would be in some commercial. 5/5<br /><br />13. Gone Too Soon-this is the saddest song on the album. from the beginning to the end. it's such a beautiful song. the video made me cry. i remember ryan white. 6/5<br /><br />14. Dangerous-another new jack song. his voice sounded deep in the beginning \\"but i love it\\"!!! it's so sensual and it's definitely a turn on!!! 5/5
0194001016|5.0|Great. I´m really satisfied with the OALD. The dictionary has some extra content containing illustrations and the most common usages of phrases related to several different areas such as sports, driving, food and etc.  It is worthy.
B00005QGAT|5.0|This is where MJ emerges into a star in his own right..starting with his socks and shoes. I grew up hearing Don't Stop Til You Get Enough, Rock With You, Working Day and Night, and Off the Wall but I never heard the rest of the songs on this album until now. This album was his most soulful/funkiest album. It totally screams \\"DISCO' all over it.<br /><br />1. Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough-i love his falsetto. it's beautiful and it makes me smile all the time when listening to this song. i especially love the part where he says \\"it make me feel like...it make me like \\"OOOOOOO\\"! 5/5<br />2. Rock With You- everyone knows this song. you always hear it on the radio. it's a classic. i love the video as well. him wearing that sequin suit moving the music in the dark background. 5/5<br />3. Workin' Day And Night-great song to dance to. 5/5<br />4. Get On The Floor-i love the beats on this song. it's very funky. it makes me want to hit the club. most of the songs they have out now..it's nothing like that. i'm begining to hate autotune. 5/5<br />5. Off The Wall- this is one of my most favorite song on the album but what's with the evil, witch laugh in the beginning???? lol 5/5<br />6. Girlfriend- i love this song. it sounds so stevie wonderish. \\"girlfriend, i'm gonnna tell your boyfriend on what your doing...yea.\\" 5/5<br />7. She's Out Of My Life- this song is very sad. i can relate to the lyrics. it really does \\"hurts like a knife\\" when someone doesn't love you back. 5/5<br />8. I Can't Help It- this song is my jam. i listen to it all the time. the melody is sooo soothing especially his falsetto. i wish songs today would sound more like this. 5/5<br />9. It's The Falling In Love-i love the duet with patti austin. they sound great together. 5/5<br />10. Burn This Disco Out-lol, he really did burn the disco out...he burned it into a new era of music. nice ending track. 5/5
1443734543|5.0|I'm convinced so far that this is the best starter book for card magic. It is very thorough and full of tricks. The tricks in the book are complete, unlike other books I've read that only contain the sleight, or only the patter, the tricks in here explain everything perfectly. The only downside of the book is that to be more helpful it could contain more illustrations. Every now and again I don't understand the written explanation of what I am to do, but I just find a video of it and it always turns out that I was doing it right anyway. Regardless, the amount of information in here is invaluable.
0812932293|5.0|Sir Richard Branson's basic philosophy is don't be afraid to be different. On entering any new field or an in dustry, aim to really shake it up and provide new value. When Branson left school, the headmaster said to him, \\"You will either go to prison or become a millionaire\\".  Branson first started with \\"music\\" and then later on with \\"airlines\\". Branson soon realised that no matter what people may tell you, there is no \\"recipe\\" for business success that can be applied to any field. However, there are 4 secrets of Branson's success: (1). Trying to prove people wrong; (2). Having the simple belief that \\"you can do it\\"; (3). Being less stressed than others by uncertainty and (4). Thinking big and taking calculated risk. He notes, \\"My interest in life comes from setting myself huge, apparently unachievable, challenges and trying to rise above them. Finally, through his companies Branson has changed people's life the most, continually seeking ways to deliver new value to the public , whether through low-cost flying, mobile phones or cheaper credit cards.
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|While presuming you know the \\"back story\\" and certainly lacking the humor of some of the previous films, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is probably the best adaptation of Rowling's writing yet.  The film is dark and captures the gravity and seeming hopelessness that accompany the Dark Lord's return; however, the movie also captures the determination of Harry and his friends to fight the emerging evil, no matter the cost.  The actors have come into their own and have really grown into their parts, much as Harry, Ron and Hermoine have grown and matured in the books.  The biggest quarrel is the liberty taken with the Weasley's home...didn't happen in the book and really unnecessary in the movie (gratuitous at best).  Other than that, the best of the franchise!
0385751893|2.0|I found it to be extremely unreal and not at all meeting of expectations,which is to be expected from projects that seem so interesting in the first place.I was bored,and happy when I finially finished.
0802130208|1.0|I know I'm probably going to be flamed by all the pro-Dunces reviewers, who I am sure will say that I'm just not smart enough to \\"get it\\", but I hated this book.  The main character is so completely vile and off-putting that I kept wondering why I was using my precious time to make myself sick.  The book could have used a good editor also, as it seemed to meander wherever the author's mind happened to wander that day.  I hate to speak ill of the dead, but I got the distinct feeling that this book was hyped just because the author had died.
0545123267|4.0|Shiver presents an interesting twist on a traditional love story. Go outside and get cold enough and poof you are a wolf! Not your typical romance...<br /><br />The best part of the story for me was the beginning of the book when Sam is a wolf and Grace is studying him from her window or her yard. I love the longing that they both feel but it cannot be, yet. There is also another great scene that I wish there had be more of, when Sam seems Grace when he is a human but never gets to say anything to Grace. Oh man, I loved that!<br /><br />So as you can see, I was surprised how quickly into the story Sam was in his human form, I wondered that now that he was human what obstacles besides the cold would stand in their way. And there was no need for me to worry. There were lots of other characters (wolves and people alike) that got in there and mucked up Sam and Grace's thing.<br /><br />I wasn't expecting new wolves to be \\"born\\" and there were some which I really liked. They definitely helped me see into the future of the next book, Linger. Besides the characters of Sam and Grace I found myself adoring Isabel, I'm not going to tell you her part in the story, it would spoil it. But she was really really funny, I loved pretty much everything that came out of her mouth! I also liked Beck, a man that plays father to the wolf pack when he's human.<br /><br />I love the balance that Shiver displays from the romance of Sam and Grace to some of the darker elements involving the wolves in the woods. I also loved the alternating perspectives between Sam and Grace. If the story had been only from Grace's or even Sam's it wouldn't have the depth that it does.<br /><br />Overall, a wonderful twist on a tale of romance.
0790731452|2.0|Oh, the humanity!   Imagine a world where Jack Nicholson is President.  Where Pierce Brosnan has the hots for Sarah Jessica Parker. *ew!* *yuck!* *hee-haw!*  Where one sees the true origins/relatives? of Achmed the Dead Terrorist.  Where our best efforts at peace still result in us getting blown away by these evil grinning martians!  Where Sarah Jessica Parker's face is changed . . . for the better.   Where ten million have died . . .   . . . and I'm not talking about humans.    The sad truth is that I'm never going to get those brain cells back.    Even with all the star power and parody, this movie didn't make me laugh out loud. Maybe a chuckle, here and there, but that's all. The last half of the movie is mostly just sitting back and watching the stupid humans throw out red carpets and podiums while the Martians draw their laser guns and blast everyone in sight.    I think part of the problem is that the live actors respond in a serious manner to a silly threat.  Oh, I see, that's supposed to be fall-out my chair hilarious, is it?   Sorry, that wasn't my experience.     Excuse me while I pop in a proper SF parody:    SPACEBALLS!
0316010669|3.0|I was drawn to this book after becoming inspired to investigate more about how the mind works. In fact, I was reading this book at the same time as I was reading similar books on the topic, just to compare ideas.     What I Enjoyed:  I thoroughly enjoy Gladwell's writing style. He uses stories to illustrate points that kept me engaged. I found the book easily accessible and not packed with technical jargon that I found in more technical books on the subject matter. It was interesting to read his description of \\"thin-slices\\" and how experts are often able to come to quick, powerful decisions and conclusions based on limited information and clues.     The But...:  However, I do not think he emphasizes enough the fact that operating off of thin-slices is a very limited way of going about our lives. One of the reasons I was drawn to this book was because I was recently reading [[ASIN:1442190507 The Power of Thinking Differently: An imaginative guide to creativity, change, and the discovery of new ideas.]]. In that book, I discovered that I operated most of my life through quick decisions that the author calls \\"habitual pattern recognition.\\" While this is a useful survival tool when time is at a premium, and is the mechanism that allows experts to make a quick diagnosis, it inherently limits the scope of our perception. As a result, we perceive ourselves as having less choices in life than we really do.     I think the Gladwell book is a great read to feel empowered by our ability to make snap judgments, but I think the real power of our brain is its ability to go beyond snap judgments. By doing this we can provide ourselves with the space to explore different possible solutions, different possible perceptions, and different ideas.     Summary:  With all that said, I still think Blink is a worthwhile read. I would simply caution readers to think of it as a \\"thin-slice\\" of human cognitive capacities.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|Always wanted to have a few MJ CDs in my collection. Only regret is that I waited so long. Nice songs, great arrangements, great delivery.
B0028K31CE|5.0|Iabsolutely love this album. I am a big fan of Maxwell from day one of his career and this current album I have to say is his best so far!
B000002KOY|5.0|I had this album on vinyl long ago. At least half of the songs on this CD could have been hits. Powerful country rock sound with great instrumentation and harmonies.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|For those few complaining that the movie is too sad/depressing: If you had read the descriptions on several different websites, you'd have known what to expect.    As per usual, Pixar does a wonderful job at combining a movie that kids who can grasp how the world works and adults can enjoy. I saw this in a military theatre overseas.    I've never seen more male, adult soldiers in tears at once. It's that movie.    Good job, Pixar.
B000ATQYT2|4.0|for the fact that Disney screwed up the widescreen version. If fullscreen hadn't been ok, I would have sent it back.
B000JJS8TM|5.0|Some people might not like the songs being mixed together. The songs fade from one to another because it is the exact same music from a stage show. They wouldn't have time to play each song from start to finish, nor would it go with the visual effects. After seeing the show you will not be able to stop listening to this music, at least until the show comes out on DVD. So for what it is, a soundtrack, it is great.
B001QTXM5Y|4.0|Let me just say first of all that the movie itself is awesome! This particular set of DVDs... i expected more of it in the sense that it doesn't have a 'director's commentary' of the movie or something like that.. and the extras weren't so much based on the actors/acting as it was on the connection with the comics (which i also love). Overall though, i'd buy it again (+ the hologram on the cover is really cool :).
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I TOTALLLY \\"LOVED IT\\"!!!  Mr. Elliot Cowan as Mr. Darcy, VERY DREAMY, GORGEOUS AND PERFECT.....my personal choice will ALWAYS BE MR. COLIN FIRTH as Mr. Darcy! But Mr. Elliott Cowan - Bravo! You captured Mr. Darcy PERFECTLY!  I also VERY MUCH ENJOYED Ms. Amanda Price role played by the VERY TALENTED JEMIMA ROOPER - LOVED HER! Ms. Rooper represented all of us (Mr. Darcy The Perfect Man Fan Club!) who wish we too could have a secret door to the past, walk through, meet Mr. Darcy, fall in love and eventually kiss him!! MMMMMMMM - OOps! WOW!!! PERFECT!!  I recommend this DVD, it's really VERY VERY WELL DONE!  The chemistry between Mr. Cowan and Ms. Rooper AWESOME!! This DVD is AWESOME!!!  Long Live Jane Austen!!!!
B001AEF6BI|4.0|Put a bunch of good looking actors, along with personalities and problems you can identify them... mix it all up into one big therapy session, and what do you get?  You get something akin to Oprah.  I remember high school, and there is one guy there that is just like a guy that went to my high school - even looked like him.  Music is pretty memorial too.  Maybe in 50 years the glory of this movie will fade... but as long as us gen x'ers are still alive, this will be a popular movie.
B001O8C5EQ|5.0|This is Porcupine Tree's first album as a full band. Steve Wilson is a musical genius who seems to know how to grab your ear and stick a song in your head,and have it stay hours after you stop listening to it. With a little something for anyone who appreciates the re- birth of prog music will enjoy this album. It is a classic in every sense of the word. \\"Dark Matter\\" is a melodic journey and perfect ending to a beautiful music experience.
B001GCUO4I|2.0|Early Screening Review:     Final Destination really has gone down hill. I am a big fan of the first two, but these last two attempts have been atrocious. There is absolutely no character development, the kills aren't anything spectacular and not even 3d could make this attempt work for me. In the first couple the characters were actually likeable and as far as I'm concerned when Clear Rivers died at the end of the sequel, so did my interest in the series. In the end it's not the worst film you'll ever see, and it's far from the best film you'll see this summer. Overall Final Destination 4 is a weak attempt to cash into viewers pockets. Maybe they'll rebound with the inevitable fifth sequel.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|I was encouraged to watch this film by a friend of mine and I immediately fell in love with WALL-E. Although I do miss the classic days of Disney animation, this film is both visually stunning and heart touching. What they manage to do with a few sounds and robotic movements is just amazing. The movie is environmentally conscious (surprising for a film from a huge conglomerate) without being preachy. I find something new to take delight in every time I watch it.
1423113497|5.0|I purchased this set after seeing an interview w/ the author for my nephew's 10th birthday. He hadn't heard of the series but after starting the first book he called and thanked me repeatedly. His mom said he couldn't put them down and was sneaking to read after lights out at bedtime. They went on to purchase the remainder of the books, which he promptly finished, and he's now started the series over again.
B00164GDD2|4.0|What's there to say? It's Ghostbusters. If you liked the movie, then you'll like the blu-ray. The image quality is a little grainy, but it wasn't notable while watching the movie. Only when I focused in on it.<br />There are some negatives about the extra features. I'm not too big on extra features, but for those who are, they only transferred the features from the DVD release. They were not upgraded for Blu-ray resolutions, and the movie states this when you attempt to view the extras. BUT, at least they ARE still included. There are a few new extras in HD though.
0743457900|5.0|Quite simply the greatest spy novel of all time.      In reading the one-star reviews, it's clear that they simply gave up or stopped paying attention, which is a shame.  It's true that the book is not a particular easy read.  There's not a lot of dialogue or action.  You need to have a quiet place to read; you can't read this book with the TV on in the background, and for the first 100 pages or so you will wonder what the hell the point is.  But once you get past the first 100 pages, you'll find each page more satisfying than the rest, and find yourself constantly turning back to earlier parts of the book while you admire how a master craftsman puts a work of art together where every piece of the puzzle fits perfectly into place.
B001PR0YBM|5.0|Miyazaki's films are refreshing for their even pacing and tempered characters. A far cry from the neurosis of Disney characters where everyone is shouting and riding on high octane. Ponyo is almost completely silent in its first 10 or 15 minutes, and even when the dialoug begins it has more of a sobering effect. If you pair that with the gorgeous hand drawn characters and hand painted backgrounds you suddenly remember what animation felt like twenty-plus years ago.    The story of Ponyo is truly Disney-esque on the surface - but only on the surface. A boy, Sosuke, finds a \\"goldfish\\" trapped in a jar and frees her. He also gives her the name Ponyo. It doesn't take very long for Ponyo to develop a pet-like affinity for Sosuke, leading her to the decision that she wants to be a human. It's really that simple. The rest is Miyazaki's masterful aptitude for making the plot less important than his signature slice-of life sequences of how people relate to each other and their environment. Watching Ponyo at times feels like people-watching. And, like people watching, it all amounts to a perplexing joy.    It's strangely relaxing to watch his visually vibrant and animated characters bring color to such banalities as eating soup and ham. If you've watched Howl's Moving Castle and the delicious scene of Howl cooking bacon and eggs, then you've seen Miyazaki do this before. The man has an eye for the small details of life. This is not to say that the movie is not forward moving. There are some semblances of Western story telling. For instance, Ponyo's father who is not particularly fond of humans is constantly seeking out Ponyo to bring her back home. However, as dramatic as this may be, it's marginal to the rest of the story. Miyazaki is less interested in the need for conflict and more interested in those unexplainable things that draw two people to each other.
0743487486|5.0|I actually found this book by way of recommendation from a friend regarding attachment parenting & first borrowed it from our local library but quickly realized I needed to own a copy. It resonated with my instinctual parenting style & help me realize why I react certain ways with my kids & gave me food for thought on how to effect changes in my parenting style. A very useful book with well supported reasoning & documented research.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|True Blood is one of the best shows on cable TV. Its definatley a rated R program I had to have it for my collection. You would be hooked on it in no time. Season two is even better !!! Cant wait for that to come out on DVD.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|This book was very fun to read.  Written as a series of letters among the characters of the tale, the characters (many of them quite quirky) really come to life.  It's a light, quick read, perfect for a day at the beach in the remaining days of summer.  The only downside to the book, I thought, was that the author fails to give each character their own unique writing style in their letters.  So, all of the letters have the same style, whether the character is educated, or more provincial, a native English speaker (most of the story is set in post-war Guernsey) or foreign (i.e., French).  Still, despite that flaw, the author manages to take a tragic period of history and weave a light-hearted, heart-warming story (even if the \\"narrator\\" Julie would have us think that light-hearted is synonymous with being a simpleton).
B0021L8US0|4.0|This is a really good movie. I enjoyed it a lot but there are some major plot holes throughout the entire movie. I think the people praising this as a masterpiece are just jumping on a band wagon. These are the same people who will trash any movie just because it's the popular thing to do. I think it's a good summer popcorn movie. I just disagree with anybody who thinks it's anything more than that.
0316921173|4.0|forget what you read about an \\"irresistible movie\\" or other plot synopses. This book is about addiction. period. I did enjoy reading it, although at times I think Wallace is quite cruel in his depictions of people. Reading it now, in 2009, post-his suicide, I may read more pain in to it than was there when he wrote it; but to  me his depression and issues are clearly there on the page.    But basically, it's about addiction...    Anne Brock
0783222149|5.0|Meryl Streep plays a wife and mother who arranges a family white-water rafting trip. She is near to divorce, and her husband (David Strathairn from Dolores Claiborn) and son (Joseph Mazzello from Jurassic Park) are barely speaking. Enter a trio of ne'er-do-wells, led by the seemingly nice, Wade (Kevin Bacon from Stir Of Echoes, Tremors, Death Sentence, Hollow Man, etc.), and things start to get interesting. The family is forced to fight for their own survival, while seeing each other in whole new ways. Even the whimpy dad has his chance for redemption through heroic acts of bravery. Streep is magnificent as the former rafting guide mum, out to turn the tables on her nemesis and his remaining henchman (John C. Reilly). I love seeing actors do \\"out of character\\" material, especially stuff that no one would expect! If you love action / suspense / thrillers with adventure and kick, then THE RIVER WILD should hit you full-force... P.S.- Watch for Benjamin Bratt in a decent cameo as a ranger...
B001TOD92C|4.0|I am a Mickey Rourke fan and a wrestling fan. I like the Movie but neede more in ring action for my taste
B001ET5X8K|5.0|In this day and age of music that sounds like a few chords on top of a drum loop, this album is refreshing in it's balance.  I have this in lp format, which captures much more then a CD in my opinion.  Songs on this album involve the entire band, you can hear each of their contributions.  I've read that this album is on many people's \\"desert island\\" list, and I can see why.<br /><br />The lyrics are simple, the messages are clear, and the music is balanced.  A great album to sit down and listen to, unlike many of today's bands whose music is more background noise as we conduct our daily lives.  Buy this album, push play or drop the needle, and sit back.  It's a trip through a simple time that many of us need to take time to time.
144042974X|2.0|This edition of Siddhartha might be a publisher's galley proof rather than a final copy---it is riddled with typos, which is highly distracting to a careful reader.  You might want to try an edition with a more well-known publisher instead.
0790740443|5.0|I found the plot of this movie to be deeply disturbing in a way that stays with you.  With only a slight change of scenery from outer space to mujarhadeens inducting little boys in Pakistan (especially as this movie was made long before 9/11) you've got the all-too-real ethical question of how far should society go to further it's interests and protect itself?  Sgt. Todd, though he utters barely 25 words in the entire movie, skillfully represents what happens when the perfect trained killer is suddenly dumped back into civilized society with little or no reintegration.  It's not a matter of -if- governments/entities decide to enact lifelong soldier-training programs similar to those portrayed in Soldier (it has already happened), but how long before more \\"civilized\\" governments follow suit to defeat them.  Long after the credits roll, you will find yourself wondering whether the US government currently has such a training program and how, just how, are we going to reintegrate all the \\"trained solders\\" currently being held in Guantanimo Bay back into their respective societies.  Or, for that matter, how well our -own- US soldiers adjust when dumped back into society after doing multiple tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.  There are many current ethical issues raised in this movie that many movie critics seem to have completely missed.  I would love to see a follow-up movie to this movie showing what happens to Sgt. Todd and the \\"old soldiers\\" once they leave the waste planet.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I ordered this set for my history nerd husband for our anniversary. Not only did it get here in record speed but it was in near perfect condition with only a few dents in the tin casing. Thank you very much!
0312323867|5.0|You must read \\"Something Borrowed\\" first, but this book is an amazing continuation of the same story.  I honestly didn't think I would like \\"Something Blue\\" as much as \\"Something Borrowed\\", but I think I liked it even more!!!  Fantastic author.  I also loved \\"Babyproof\\", and am excited to read \\"Love the One Your With\\".
B0001ZMBV0|5.0|Oh boy do these recordings bring back aural memories!<br /><br />This was the era when I began to develop a voracious appetite for classical music. Everything was new to me, and my tastes were driven by reviews in Stereo Review and High Fidelity (The Gramophone came my life several years later, as my tastes - and acquisitions - became  bit more sophisticated).<br /><br />I love them all - to the point where I re-purchased several of them during that time, when EMI introduced it's ill-fated (and realistically doomed) 45 rpm ('audiophile\\" pressings of at least two - the Mahler 1 and The Firebird. I seem to recall that the surface noise and warpage of the 45 rpm vinyl obliterated nearly all of the \\"audiophile\\" sonic improvements of the time.<br /><br />The same, of course, can not be said of this set. The sound quality goes beyond anything possible those few decades - particularly now that digital reproduction can convery string tone without the harshness of the early digital era.<br /><br />Giulini's interpretaions remain benchmark performances (I claim definative status for very few performances - maybe Toscanini's 1937 recording of Beethoven's Seventh with the NYP!) The Mahler and Stravinsky still give me goosebumps, and the Bruckner remains - in my opinion - in a class by itself.<br /><br />I feel Giulini brought something very special and unique to these works. I just remember listening to the original LPs (of the Mahler and Bruckner) in my darkened room and being transported. The Firebird was simply ravishing to me.<br /><br />It's odd how lovers of music always argue \\"the best\\" interpretation, or the \\"top tier\\" of conductors. Regardless - either case does not always translate into popularity with the public at large. I don't understand why it's necessary to disparage Giulini's work in terms of what he could have accomplished, rather than celebrate what he did accomplish. And for me, this box documents some very amazing accomplishments indeed (particularly if you contrast them with the CSO's recordings under Solti's baton made during the same period).<br /><br />EMI got this release right! Let's hope they release similar historic recordings outside of their \\"Recordings Of The Century\\" series.<br /><br />Bravo!olti's baton made during the same period).    EMI got this release right! Let's hope they release similar historic recordings outside of their \\"Recordings Of The Century\\" series.    Bravo!
B00005614N|5.0|All too often, these sorts of all-star sessions are usually a disappointment to the fans of all involved, in whatever genre of music they occur. (Any rock fans remember Little Village?) That's what makes this album such a joyous surprise. Everyone involved is at the very top of their game, and the recording is truly of audiophile quality. If you want to hear why Louis Armstrong was such a highly influential jazz singer, listen to his nuanced vocals on this album. His rumbling, gravelly baritone never sounded so good. The brilliance of Armstrong's trumpet is also so immediate, you can almost hear the light glinting off the shining brass. And if you want to experience what a great pianist Ellington was, these spare sextet settings are the perfect place... and Ellington is in tremendous form. The songs are all Ellington classics, lovingly reinvented. And, while the remainder of the Armstrong All-Stars stay firmly in supporting roles, it brings a smile to a jazz fan's face to know that these sessions also reunited Ellington with long-time 1930s band member Barney Bigard. Drummer Danny Barcelona was clearly fired up on this date and swings like mad. In short, this is some of the most important music of the 20th Century, played by some of its greatest performers, and they're all bringing their game. It doesn't get much better than this.
0439023483|5.0|If you are looking for a book that is thrilling, heart warming and has a little romance at the same time this is a great book. This is a defanite page turner once you start you wont want to put it down, its that good. This book is also good whether you are a boy or girl because the fact it has a lot of action but at the same time the main character (Katniss) is a very sweet loving young girl but will do anything to see her family again. So again if your looking for a great this is defanitly one to get plus it has a sequal coming out in september to also be excited for. If you dont get this book you are dafanitly missing out. Hope you like it!!!!
B00003CXA2|5.0|This movie has it all - escapism, drama, comedy, a little action - just, everything. And Tom Hanks' performance is nothing short of epic. He should have received 10 Oscars on steroids for this performance, instead of just 1 plain ol' Oscar.<br /><br />I'm in my 40s and have seen lots of movies, but this one is still my all-time favorite.<br /><br />Only a moron could be disappointed by this movie.
B001U5V03U|4.0|Visually I enjoyed this performance immensely, if it is a little on the dark side. I was captivated particularly by the acting ability, the facial expressions, and of course the magnificent singing of the leads which told the story so dramatically. The set(s)were superb and the finale awesome. But I was shocked from the beginning by the thin, boxy sound of the orchestra; devoid of ambience with no full base, it sounded like a 1950's LP. I kept thinking of Gulini's magnificent 1961 CD. This spoilt the overall enjoyment for me. I only hope we are not going to sacrifice audio quality in classical DVDs - we're not talking about movies here!<br />Michael Cooke, San Francisco
0143038419|1.0|Bestseller really? How come it had such good reviews? It's s not that good, it's not that original and it is not even realistic.   How many of us after a heartbreak wouldn't like to spend a year travelling around Italy, India and Bali???? Instead, we just have to swallow it and get our sorry aXXes to the office.  I was really disappointed by this book.
1594133379|5.0|I ordered this book for my mother, who is a stroke survivor and it TRULY lifted her spirits and gave her a new insight into her continuous recovery.
B00284BMBM|3.0|I didn't want to join the bash Daughtry bandwagon. I read reviews about their   latest release, \\"Leave This Town,\\" such as \\"Too bad this is disappointingly generic hard rock with virtually the same formula that made his debut a success.\\"(Boston Globe)or \\"Chris Daughtry has a real band that plays really serious songs which are without exception really, really bad.\\"(Slant)    \\"Leave This Town\\" is a more solid production and less like a compilation of radio   friendly singles. I give them credit for co-writing their songs and bringing in musicians such as Country great, Vince Gill. Their at their best with ballads. The acoustic ballad,the autobiographical \\"Tennessee Line,\\" is the best track. It shows they can strip away their commercial sound and successfully compose a song with real heart.  The problem with \\"Leave This Town\\" is that it doesn't show any musical growth. The   themes are darker in songs such as \\"Ghost of Me.\\" But, is there a difference between the opening track, \\"You Don't Belong\\" and their previous opening track, \\"It's Not Over?\\" Does \\"No Problem\\" with Nickelback's Chad Kroger sound any different then Nickelbacks own songs? Chris Daughtry is a talented singer (Frankly, he's the key to their success) and their an overall decent band. It's just that they have yet to set themselves apart from other top 40 commercial rock bands. The plus side for their latest success is that it may allow them to take more risks with their next release. Then they can truly surprise their fans and critics.
B00288KNLS|1.0|I watched this movie with my 10 year old daughter last night who was really unnerved by it - the whole ghost getting children aspect is just too much for a PG movie!  Creepy & wierd - would not recommend this to anyone
B0009XNUK0|5.0|I have lots of Michael's cd's but this is a must have it completes my collection it cover the Jackson 5 and Michael as a solo artist my whole family loves it!
1573300403|5.0|R.I.P. King of Pop and performer of the century!  This DVD is great!  I liked it so much I have given a couple away as gifts.
B00005QIPH|5.0|I like to rock out to this album in my brand new car. Buy it!!!
0765322889|2.0|I stumbled on this book as a recommendation from those who had read \\"In the Name of the Wind\\" by P. Rothfuss. While it is certainly original, it compares poorly.     I've read many fantasy novels, but I had never, ever reached page 200 of a book and still didn't know what heck was going on. I can fully appreciate a slow revealing of plot and characters, but this bordered on ridiculous.     I felt like I was on a completely different wavelength than the authour - I could tell he was trying to tell me something really interesting, but I just didn't understand what he was getting at. There just wasn't enough there to grasp.    There were moments when I thought it was going to turn out alright. Whiskeyjack and the Bridgeburners seemed to be a Black Company-style legion of legendary soldiers, but they remained too nebulous to enjoy. The Darujhistan chapters started to evoke complex urban politics and conflicts, like a Thieve's World, but then we were whisked away from it to founder in other plot lines.    I really wanted to like this book - it had some very good bones. But it just didn't deliver on its promise.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|Wow thsi book is amazing and wonderful. I love the plot and setting. Susie gives a great insight to what heaven is like. I just can't wait to see the movie!
B001PR0YBM|5.0|I have been waiting for this movie to come to the US for literally years, and so on opening weekend, I did something I rarely do...I went to the movies.  For those who are familiar with Miyazaki's other movies, this is one of his environmental/nature movies, focusing on polluted oceans and maintaining the balance of the world. I was a little disappointed to see the lack of a flying-motif that he has in all his other movies, but I guess that's a little too much to expect from a movie that takes place half the time under water or in boats.  There have been many to criticize that the art was not up to the usual Miyazaki level. Well, do these same people know that this ENTIRE MOVIE WAS DRAWN BY HAND? That's right, not a spec of computer generation for even clean-up or shading. It shows a lot in the ocean waves during the storm, which in a past movie would have been left to a computer, were made with standard pen and ink. Now while people are complaining that it made the art look messy and rudimentary, I liked it. It was nostalgic of classic cartoon movies before the computer age and reminded me of Miyazaki's earliest movies. I also think it added to the child-like feel of the movie and in a way made me appreciate how difficult it must have been to create a movie like that.  There have been others that complained there was a lot of build up for Sosuke's test when it ended up being such a small \\"anti-climactic\\" scene. So what? You say a five-year-old can't know about true love? I say there's no purer, truer love than that of the unconditional love of an innocent mind. It's only as you get older that love gets harder, so naturally it was an easy test for little Sosuke.  And now enough of what others said. For two hours I put aside my analytical mind and simply watched. I loved this movie. It was insanely adorable and sweet: Miyazaki's most sugary movie to date (even sweeter than My Neighbor Totoro, I thought). But I didn't mind the sugary sweetness one bit. I really got into and couldn't stop smiling and laughing the whole time, and when I left the theater I felt good. I'd recommend it to any Miyazaki fan or family movie lover.
0307269981|5.0|I would highly recommend that one read the first part of the trilogy (Dragon Tattoo) before reading Fire.  Then you will enjoy this book far more than if you did not. I must say that Dragon was a superior book but you will enjoy Fire as well.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander and Mikael Blomkvist are back.  We learn more about Salander,and her parents but we are left hanging about her sister Camilla (maybe she will show up in part 3, the Hornets nest).  This fast moving multilayered thriller concerns a multiple murder investigation that is carried on by 3 parallel parties: the police, Blomkvist and Salander.  The complex areas where Salander intersects international espionage, official corruption, sex trafficking and Swedish politics is what makes this book tick.  The ending is rather abrupt and somewhat unbelievable - one learns that a Browning .22 does far less harm than a Sig Sauer and that hunting ammo is far more lethal than an ordinary bullet.  Larsson's books are among the best fiction books I have read.  I cant wait for the the final book and I am sorry that there wont be anymore due to the untimely death of the author.
B002BY77CW|1.0|i am a fan of the hills but this was such a bad read  weak plot horrible ending! just another money maker for lauren - with an ending that leads to another book (suprise) and more money for lauren -
B001UV4XU6|4.0|Many critics are already describing this 2009 indie romantic comedy as this generation's [[ASIN:6304907729 Annie Hall]], but the comparison is apt only to the point where both movies surprise and delight with their persistently unpredictable approaches to well-worn themes of love gone awry over the course of a relationship. I still don't think that this film, directed by feature-film neophyte Marc Webb and scripted by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Webb, achieves the emotional resonance of the earlier Woody Allen classic, probably because there have been so many attempts in the intervening three decades to copy it, but this fresh-faced film is certainly not without its moments of charm and genuine revelation about the principal characters.<br /><br />The time-jumping story follows the course of the rocky, five-hundred-day relationship between two LA-based twenty-somethings - Tom, an underachieving greeting-card writer who has not quite given up on his dreams to become an architect, and Summer, a recent Michigan transplant who is not looking for any long-term commitments. She is definitely the object of his growing affection, while she remains steadfastly a Holly Golightly-like fantasy figure. For a stretch, the movie feels somewhat facile and light-hearted in sketching the beginning of their courtship with the halted dialogue after a drunken karaoke night and a walk through IKEA as they pretend to be happy marrieds. The plot gets more interesting as their defining moments become jumbled from Tom's own sense of recollection, including Webb's use of film-school gimmicks like a split-screen treatment of a real-versus-imagined reunion and full-on tributes to Fellini and Bergman movies. The film's funniest bit is also the most unoriginal - a post-coital musical number set to Hall & Oates' \\"You Make My Dreams\\" that looks a lot like the Dr. Pepper \\"Be a Pepper\\" commercial from the 1970s.<br /><br />Joseph Gordon-Levitt ([[ASIN:B000FVQM2Y Brick]]) really comes into his own as Tom, providing a thoughtful depth to his portrayal of the likeable but pained protagonist. As Summer, Zooey Deschanel has the more difficult role since we don't get a view of her inner feelings the way we see Tom's. However, she uses her big blue eyes and malleable, off-kilter manner to great effect here. More importantly, she makes Tom's emotional free-fall completely understandable. Other roles are filled out more predictably - Chloe Moretz as Tom's too-wise-for-her-years younger sister Rachel, and Geoffrey Arend and Matthew Gray Gubler as his two semi-slacker buddies. Still, this movie feels a lot fresher than most of the Hollywood product out there thanks to Webb's prodigious approach. He uses the ambiguous ending to Mike Nichols' [[ASIN:B00000F798 The Graduate]] very well here, and there is a nice appreciation for Los Angeles architecture capped by a last scene in the legendary Bradbury Building.ng a thoughtful depth to his portrayal of the likeable but pained protagonist. As Summer, Zooey Deschanel has the more difficult role since we don't get a view of her inner feelings the way we see Tom's. However, she uses her big blue eyes and malleable, off-kilter manner to great effect here. More importantly, she makes Tom's emotional free-fall completely understandable. Other roles are filled out more predictably - Chloe Moretz as Tom's too-wise-for-her-years younger sister Rachel, and Geoffrey Arend and Matthew Gray Gubler as his two semi-slacker buddies. Still, this movie feels a lot fresher than most of the Hollywood product out there thanks to Webb's prodigious approach. He uses the ambiguous ending to Mike Nichols' [[ASIN:B00000F798 The Graduate]] very well here, and there is a nice appreciation for Los Angeles architecture capped by a last scene in the legendary Bradbury Building.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|This stuff is superior to what they used a Microsoft- Just take your time fizing your xbox 360 and be careful. pricey, but there's no other option.
B001FB55H6|5.0|and by that I'm not referring to the \\"Tales of The Black Freighter\\" segment. First let me tell you about the film and some of the reasons why some people didn't like it.     Although I'm a huge fan of the Donner Superman films, which I still consider the best superhero incarnation to date, I have to say that Watchmen is the first time I've had the sensation of watching a comic book come to life. It really feels like reading the comics. The photography is simply brilliant. All the small changes made by the director felt right and in no way disrespects the original material. If anything they enhance it.     As for the negative reviews, I believe one of the reasons that some people didn't like the film is because those unfamiliar with the story are expecting to watch a superhero movie, and Watchmen id definitely NOT a superhero story, it's a story WITH superheroes.     Others complain that it doesn't have enough action, maybe because people are becoming too accustomed to the recent movie mentality that all a good movie needs is a basic plot and a lot of explosions, where it's the plot that serves the action and not the other way around. Well, Watchmen is a not that at all. If anything it's a philosophical questioning of society and its moral values, analyzed through the different perspectives of each character. It's about choosing between what's right and what's easy. It's about being who you are or who the rest of the world expects you to be. It's about humanity.     Is it perfect? Well, last time I checked nothing was. I personally have two minor observations.     The first one regards the length of the film. Not that I think it's too long, I think it's too short. As I've mentioned before, people nowadays are not accustomed to complex long stories in a single film, they need at least a trilogy to digest them. I must admit that even I sometimes got a little tired during the film due to its complexity, so I imagine how people unfamiliar with the story should have felt.I believe that instead of a movie Watchmen should have been made as a miniseries (just like the original comics) which would have given people more time to process and truly enjoy the story, not to mention deeper character development and more flashbacks (personally I would really like to see more of the original minutemen back story).     My other observation is about the casting, and I add that this is based solely on my personal conception of these characters, so feel free to disagree.     Almost all the major players were perfect incarnations of the graphic novel/miniseries, so I will only comment on two:    The first was Matthew Goode as Adrian Veidt. Although I think his performance was competent he wasn't physically as similar to the original character as the other actors were which was a noticeable contrast, not to mention the inherent aura of nobility the character possesses that I didn't see in him.     The second, and I know some will disagree so let me start by saying that I'm a great admirer of his work, was Jeffrey Dean Morgan, not because he wasn't good, but I really don't think he got the character right. Although physically he was almost identical to the original character I thought their take on it was a bit off, and when I say \\"their take\\" I mean the director's as well. In the comics, I thought The Comedian had a powerful presence every time he appeared, but I didn't feel that in the movie.     The fact is: The Comedian (from the acting standpoint) is perhaps the most difficult character to play on Watchmen, because most of the characters' personalities are black and white, you know where they stand, whereas the Comedian exists in the gray area of morality, never really explaining if the character is really a psychopath living in a normal world, or if he he's in fact the only sane man who can see the madness the world is, and unlike \\"normal\\" people who refuse to see it, he just surrenders to it (That would be a real joke, wouldn't it?). Anyway, that's the charm of the character. To perfectly develop a character like this, in the very short exposition time he's given during the film, requires a very precise touch both from the actor and from the director, and personally I don't think they really nailed it. It wasn't bad, not at all, mind you. It simply wasn't right.     Other than that, it was a great story made into a great film.     One tip: try to watch the mockumentaty \\"Under the Hood\\" (not included here) BEFORE you watch this film, and if you can, wait until the end of the year when the ultimate edition will be released with \\"Tales of The Black Freighter\\" cartoon woven into the movie, for I believe it will be a much richer experience.
0307341569|5.0|I loved Sharp Objects and worried that Dark Places could not compare, but it held its own...and then some. Back and forth, between the present and the past, the story unfolds about the day that Libby's family was murdered.     Libby is an unforgetable character. She's a thieving mess, but it's easy to forgive her as I read more and more about what happened on that fateful day.    Is Libby's brother a murderer? A chid molestor? Who killed Libby's mother and sisters?     Like a ball gaining speed as it rolls down a hill, Dark Places gains momentum as you get closer and closer to the memory of the murder.
B000HBK3MM|5.0|THIS CD IS ONE OF CORINNE'S VERY BEST. I'D RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY! SHE'S THE BEST!
B001PJRAUS|4.0|Who among us hasn't wished, at one time or another, that we could escape into our favourite book?  With Lost in Austen, we get to follow Amanda Price as she does just that... and the journey is so much fun.<br /><br />I happened to catch this series when it aired on PBS.  I had no idea what it was when I started watching it, but I soon realized that it was going to be something to do with Pride and Prejudice.  And so it was.  But it wasn't Pride and Prejudice as I'd ever seen it before!<br /><br />Of course, the costumes, setting, and acting are all lovely (the British really know how to film these period pieces).  But I liked the way that Jane Austen's original story was turned on its head, allowing us to see the characters in a refreshing new light.  This is basically a story of \\"what ifs\\", and we get to see what might have happened had the characters made different decisions.<br /><br />Purists probably won't like this series.  But I don't think it takes anything away from the original.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|THIS DVD WAS A CUTE MOVIE BUT I THOUGHT WAS MORE FOR THE YOUNGER SET. MORE FOR THE YEARS OF SAY, 14 AND UNDER, BUT NONE THE LESS; WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR THEM.
0752881671|5.0|Great for book clubs or just page-turning summer reading.  A new twist on the wonderful old Jane Eyre/Wuthering Heights gothic romance genre, with mysteries within mysteries right until the end.
B000028U0Y|5.0|THIS CD IS ONE OF THE BEST COUNTRY MUSIC CD'S I'VE HEARD YET. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I love the movie when it first started about meeting the vampire Bill, but in the middle I believe the director shoved alot of stuff into and he lost his sense of direction, He could have done much more with the actors and the storyline, the writers had no meaningfull direction for the future. I hope TrueBlood has a better second season than the first, because if I could have watch it first I don;t think I would have bought it. Sorry I ecpected more than what I got.<br />Iam a true Vampire lover! Sorry only gets one thumb up.
B000K7VHQE|5.0|THIS DVD WAS A REALLY CUTE MOVIE. I'D RECOMMEND IT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO WATCH.
0061231401|5.0|This book actually arrived in better than new condition. By that I mean there was absolutely no sign of any effort to package, ship and deliver it!<br />The seller made absolutely certain the book was packed with care. It is pretty obvious to me the seller really cares about a following of happy customers.<br />I have not read the contents yet but that isn't why I chose this seller. It was the reviews of my peers who rated this seller.<br />Thank You So Much!<br />Larry
0385340567|2.0|Jack Reacher decides to walk across the United States. When he gets to the crossroads of Hope and Despair, Colorado, he goes to Despair. While there, he stops at a restaurant for coffee. Everyone is antagonistic to him, even the waitress ignores him, then sheriff deputies come and escort him out of town. He's told, they don't like strangers.<br />In Hope, he learns that Despair is a company town run by an autocrat, Jeremy Thermond.  As a former Marine, Reacher doesn't like to be told what to do and sneaks back to Despair at night. He finds Thermond's factory and checks it out and on the return trip he stumbles over a body of a young man.<br /><br />Back in Hope, he meets Lucy Anderson at his motel.  She has also been forced to leave Despair. She tells him her husband is missing but it isn't the body he found.<br /><br />There are times when the slow moving plot is too absurd. At one point, Reacher is in a bar fight and inflicts such damage that the men need treatment for things such as a broken nose, a broken arm, and a concussion. However, he walks out of the bar with hardly a scratch. Another time he is returning to Despair again, this time with Officer Vaughan of Hope and two hundred to three hundred people from Despair block the highway chanting \\"Out! Out! Out! This is improbable other than if it was in the dawn of the dead.<br /><br />The story is just not exciting. The yo yo effect of Reacher going back and forth between Hope and Despair gets tiring. The characters are not likable. In fact, Despair is unfriendly. They think of nothing but themselves. If God was looking down at Despair, he would have turned the townspeople into Salt.<br /><br />Reacher should have taken a lesson from the Bible.
B001PHTPDU|5.0|Truly a wonderful book.     A great read for pro and anti business people that get to see how politics play an all too important role in making certain people money and leaving other people and businesses out in the name of capitalism.
B000068TP0|5.0|Do you understand Spanish?  Doesn't matter. You will love her.  Especially if you are a guy.  But she offers more than just being a beautiful woman. She is a great female muscian.  She plays the guitar, dances and sings.  Her energy does not wane throughout the video.  I love her voice.  She reminds me of many American female rockers.  Worth getting. For those that do not understand English. Shakira es una hembra caliente y talentosa.
B0018O4YT0|5.0|I saw Dark City when it first came out in 1998 and believe it is a five star sci-fi thriller. Dark and colorful, it is another story of circumstances totally out of control masquerading as possible paranoid delusion.  The ending reminded me of the Matrix, but it was very interestingly done.<br /><br />It appears that the overused theme of an individual (or individuals) suffering from paranoia underwent an increase in usage in middle of the 90's in movies. Fortunately, it was pretty clear almost from the outset of the movie that this was not the case.  The atmosphere of the film was dark, brooding and always troubling, until its Matrix like ending.  John Murdoch is \\"the one\\"!<br /><br />This film had absolutely terrific special effects, and featured some good performances of an interesting theme.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This dvd of the concert is phenominal! Energetic, fun: Michael at his best!! Will definitely watch over and over again without tiring of it!
B001I5M9SC|5.0|Great musical, awesome guests. Amazing audio! Beautiful setting.<br />This is the best BluRay musical I've seen so far.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I love it DVD!! Even my kids love it! Michael Jackson was one of a kind! We will never forget him! RIP Michael.
B000002UVZ|5.0|REM<br />Lifes Rich Pageant;  1986<br />IRS Records<br /><br />My Rating: 83/100<br /><br />REM Begins Again<br /><br />Following on the heels of the band's first major misstep, PAGEANT is the album where REM starts to find some muscle amidst all the jangle. Whereas the band once relied on propulsion to drive many of their songs home, they slowed things down a bit here, combining huge choruses with slower tempos (\\"Begin the Begin\\", \\"Cuyahoga\\") to produce their most confident sounding record yet. This was the album that proved REM could be superstars, as evidenced by the classic status afforded to \\"Fall On Me,\\" which prefigures future REM classics like \\"Losing My Religion\\", \\"Man on the Moon\\", and \\"Everybody Hurts.\\" That's not to say that REM slows everything down here - \\"Hyena\\" and \\"These Days\\" are just as fast-paced and visceral as anything on the band's first three LPs. But this is the record where REM began to distance itself from even the best and brightest of 80's college radio, and laid the foundation for its future success.<br /><br />Cohesion (5/5)<br />Concept (4/5)<br />Consequence (5/5)<br />Consistency (4/5)<br /><br />Tracks:<br /><br />1. Begin the Begin (4.5/5)<br />2. These Days (4/5)<br />3. Fall On Me (5/5)<br />4. Cuyahoga (5/5)<br />5. Hyena (5/5)<br />6. Underneath the Bunker<br />7. The Flowers of Guatemala (5/5)<br />8. I Believe (5/5)<br />9. What If We Give It Away? (5/5)<br />10. Just a Touch (4/5)<br />11. Swan Swan H (4/5)<br />12. Superman (4/5)
1573300403|5.0|I love it DVD!! Even my kids love it! Michael Jackson was one of a kind! We will never forget him! RIP Michael.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|I just started taking pictures with my nikon D60 to have more control over the types of pictures I get.  I chronicle my family and our travels with this camera.  I bought the Nikon SB400 so I could bounce the flash off the ceiling while taking indoor photos.  It works great for what I use it for.  The entire room lights up with no shadows.  I did have to increase the exposure compensation value on my camera to a +0.7 to get the room light enough if I was more than five feet away.  However for the price and my limited expertise it does just fine.
B00013F38K|4.0|David Carradine- bless his recent departed soul, continues his quest 37 years latter in commercial free digital dvd's. He has his \\"yen and yang\\" going on in style just as I remember him, only better with HD LCD large screen TV. Now my 13yo understands when i call him \\"grasshopper\\".
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Even if you were just a minor fan of Michael Jackson, you would love this album. It has all his greatest hits, and for me being a 30 something...this is the music I grew up with. It is great to get you pumped to work out, dance, or even to clean the house to!
B00005QGAX|5.0|A must have for fans. My original copy was a tape cassette. The CD is like Kellog's Cornflakes... Buy thr CD and \\"Taste it again for the 1st time!!!\\"
031606792X|2.0|In the end, everyone gets what they want. I guess that is what we were all waiting for, maybe. It should be more satisfying.<br /><br />Edward promises Bella she can become a vampire to be with him forever, if she marries him. She wants to have sex before she becomes a vampire. Bella decides to marry Edward to be with him. After the wedding, they have their honeymoon, despite the risks. When she becomes pregnant as a human, they face a threat they didn't know existed.<br /><br />Jacob gets over his anger at her choice when she becomes sick. And even he ultimately gets what he wants, in a way. He chooses to help when a threat bigger than them all comes to town.<br /><br />It took way to long to tell the second part of the story in the book. We know everything will turn out okay, so get on with the conflict and get it over with already!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|Classic film.  With this set you get all released version plus a workprint.  Quality is fantastic and this set was actually cheaper than the DVD set by about half!
B0013FSL3E|4.0|I wanted to warn people out there that the single disc version of Wall-E is not in a standard plastic secure case. Instead the packaging is completely cardboard and the DVD fits loosely in a carboard craddle area with nothing to secure it in place. If you or your children enjoy this movie and want to watch it often then either the packaging will get torn up easily (it also has a goofy Chapter Selection \\"flap\\" that swings open but you have to forcefully open the casing to be able to open the tab to get to the DVD) or the DVD will become scratch up quickly from the cardboard holding area with no padding or locking mechanism.    I'm sure Disney was thinking this was an eco-friendly way to package the movie, especially to go with the theme of what Wall-E is about. BUT they could have done it with a cardboard securing tab for the DVD and WITHOUT the extra flap with the Chapter selection. I'm sure some people will tear off that flap in frustration, after opening it three times I'm almost to that point already. :(
B00005NB0H|5.0|complete show at Leeds University 1970 - revelatory and impactful ...one of the reasons why The Who remains in the pantheon of rock gods forever
0312370849|4.0|The book is written beautifuly. This book got a hold of me and didn't let go. the tragic story through the eyes of a child, about her and her family during the holocaust. I've learned about the Velodrome d'Hiver, which I never knew about before.  This book is a real tear yerker, but worth the tears.
B0021L8US0|5.0|DISTRICT 9 works spectacularly well.  There, I thought I'd just sum it all up right at the beginning.  You can stop reading now.  It's simply one of the very few movies of this year (which has not so far been a great year for movies) that I can call an unqualified success.  Does it have a few little problems?  Of course it does.  But there are too many things that go so very right to spend much time nitpicking.    There are two primary reasons the film works.  First, it has a wonderfully original premise.  And second, it has the best leading character I've seen in a film this year, with perhaps the most compelling character arch I've seen in a long time.  So a great story with great characters...WOW!    About 20 years ago, a gigantic spaceship came to earth.  It stopped directly over the city of Johannesburg...a large city known very much for its squalor and slums.  And there the ship stopped...basically \\"broken down\\" in a bad neighborhood.  The aliens on board were starving and without leadership...so in a well-meant fit of compassion, a massive rescue effort began to bring the well over 1 million aliens down to earth, where they carved out an increasingly uneasy co-existence with an increasingly hostile human population.  They were the ultimate unwanted refugees.  These aliens, nicknamed \\"Prawns\\" because of their resemblance to giant, walking shrimp were scavengers on the fringes of society, living in horrific conditions and with personal habits that didn't sit well with humans.    They also brought with them some pretty interesting weapons, but sadly, the human corporations that dearly want to make use of them can't, because the weapons only work when handled by aliens.  The Prawns willingly trade their weapons for cat food (their favorite food), because remember, these are the \\"simple\\" prawns who have no real leadership.    Finally, a frustrated populace contracts with a big conglomerate to relocate the aliens to a distant camp, some 200 miles from the city.  Because \\"human rights\\" (ah, the irony) are watching, the company decides to relocate the irksome aliens in a very \\"legal\\" way, so a mid-level bureaucrat named Wikus van de Merwe (best movie hero name in a long time) is charged with leading a militarized group of paper pushers into the alien slums to serve all the aliens with eviction notices.  The logistics of this stagger the mind.    Wikus is seen in the earlier parts of the film through documentary footage, shot by a crew who are recording the events leading up to the eviction.  He's a mild-mannered nerd...a career bureaucrat who has been given the chance of a lifetime to prove himself...but he's also painfully aware that his boss is his father-in-law...and that the man almost wants Wikus to screw up so he can finally prove his son-in-law is the waste of time he always thought he was.  So we sympathize with poor, sweater-vest wearing Wikus right from the start.      But it turns out that while he's a nerd among humans, he also has a casually cruel contempt for Prawns.  He readily insults them, pushes them around and has very little good to say about their habits or their intelligence.  He's a racist...or whatever the word would be for creatures from outer space.  (Although, frankly, most of the Prawns DO seem like blithering idiots.)      The events of this eviction are interesting enough, but they serve mostly to lead to the moment where Wikus unwittingly sprays himself in the face with some \\"alien gunk\\" and the course of his life, and perhaps human history, is forever altered.    I hate to spoil too much, but I must say that Wikus goes through some physical transformations that lead him down the road to some character changes.  As his value to his company changes, he finds out some grim truths about the company and the man he's been working for.  He also realizes just how much he values his humanity and just how much he loves his wife.      Wikus also spends much of the film in abject fear.  Yet through that fear, he manages to pull of some pretty brave stuff, out of desperation.  He forms an oddly touching alliance with a Prawn and that Prawn's young child.  Yet almost every time we find him being admirable, he pulls something cowardly or self-serving.  It takes him a VERY long time to understand that not all Prawns are morons, and that perhaps they do share some common ground.  Yet we wonder throughout, will Wikus give in to his weak side, or will something heroic emerge?    For such a big, loud, bloody film...the track that Wikus' character follows is surprisingly nuanced and touching and frustrating and uplifting.  Dare I say, Wikus was one of the most credible action-movie \\"heroes\\" I've seen in a very  long time.  And unknown Sharlto Copley, a long-time friend of writer/director Neil Blomkamp, does a fabulous job.  Copley plays Wikus as an open book...a man not accustomed to lying and hiding his true self.  When he's feeling unsafe, we see it.  When  he's missing his wife, it's there in plain sight.  When he's pulling himself up by his own bootstraps to confront a Nigerian gang lord, we see the change in the way he holds his face.  It's a performance as unpolished as the film...and yet it is nearly perfect.  When, near the end of the film, we see a film clip of Wikus that was taken right after his promotion but before anything had hit the fan...it's nearly heartbreaking to contemplate all the man has been through.    The film uses the documentary style that's becoming so common (think CLOVERFIELD)...yet even that is too simple.  The camera is steadier, the editing is more controlled.  It FEELS like that kind of low-budget, hand-held style...yet it IS more formal.  It evoked another fine recent film, THE HURT LOCKER.  The special effects are nearly seamless...producer Peter  Jackson once again shows how his special effects group, WETA (created for LORD OF THE RINGS) can run circles around most of the work being done today.  The movie was made for $30 million, but feelslike a $100 million Hollywood film in its production values.      I mentioned flaws earlier.  I wish the film had clarified just a little bit better what happened to the leadership of the alien craft.  And a couple of the action sequences were a little disjointed...occasionally, I wasn't sure where people were in relation to each other.  But these are really minor flaws in the scheme of things.  The film gets all the important things right.    It is R-rated, because the f-word is used with GREAT frequency, mostly as a reaction to fear, rather than as an insult.  It is violent, and believe me, the alien weaponry is bloodily effective when leveled at a  human!  Yet to some extent, I believe the film would be okay for ages 15 and above.  It's so nice to see a thoughtful action film, that I'd love to expose a kid who thinks TRANSFORMERS is the height of great moviemaking to something with a bit of a heart.      FINALLY, many people have written that this film is sly commentary on South Africa's own apartheid, or a dig a corporations like Halliburton, or even a comment on immigration.  Yes, feel free to read what you like into it...I was having too much fun to bother.
0061684384|5.0|i love kat von d and when i recived this book i was amazed on how fast it shipped and the book was more than i expected i have had nothing but good expirances with amazon i do all my internet shopping through amazon n only amazon!!!!!!
B001OQCV9M|4.0|Meryl Streep is amazing.  I know this is hardly a revelation to anyone...but just when you think you appreciate Streep at the right level...she pulls off a performance like the one she gives in JULIE & JULIA.  Don't get me wrong, her Julia Child is not among her greatest work.  It won't be remembered generations from now.  But what it does make you appreciate is that even in a \\"minor\\" film like this, Streep gives it her all and comes up with one of her most purely delightful characterizations yet.  She could have coasted, and she would have been good.  Instead, she transcends the modest trappings of this entertaining yet hardly important film.    JULIE & JULIA follows two stories.  They aren't even parallel stories in particular, but simply two very different tales connected by an appreciation for cooking (and Julia Child).      Story #1 follows a portion of Julia Child's life in the `50s.  She's the loving, energetic, wide-eyed, open-hearted wife of a career diplomat (Paul Child, beautifully played by Stanley  Tucci...the perfect match to Streep).  They've moved to France, and Streep is determined to immerse herself in her new home.  She loves almost everything about the city...but she's two awkwardly built to get much out of the fashions.  But she immediately falls in love with the food, and for  her, it's not enough to just enjoy eating it...she must learn to prepare it.  Her battle to be accepted into the Cordon Bleu, her realization that Americans need to understand how to make food this wonderful and her drive to write the first American cookbook of French food is the track of the story.   But the HEART of the story is simply the unbridled, undisguised joy that Child brings to her every encounter.  She loves her husband mightily.  She loves food and cooking with a palpable passion.  And she's warm and generous to everyone around her.  If Streep's portrayal is accurate, Julia Child was just about the best person you'd ever want to hang out with...she seemed tomake everyone around her feel good about themselves.  Streep also has mastered (big surprise), Child's unusual and unmistakable voice.  It's such a remarkable performance that it seems almost inevitable that Streep will receive yet another Oscar nomination...and even though it's a slight film...I think it may be deserved.    Story #2 is set in the year of so following 9/11.  Julie Powell works in a fairly miserable job taking claims from family members of 9/11 victims.  She spends most of her day either being chewed out by callers for the thick bureaucracy they must wade through, or crying with them as they recount their horrible stories (all of this is lightly touched on, of course...wouldn't want to make the film TOO heavy.)  Julie and her husband Eric live in a cramped apartment above a pizzeria in Queens, and Julie is just generally not too happy with her life.   She and Eric are deeply in love, but she feels restless.  She sets upon the idea of going through Julia Child's cookbook, trying to cook every recipe in the space of one year...and to blog about it.  She's a witty writer and her blog is a huge success.  She cooks a lot, spends lot of time blogging, and sometimes hubby feels neglected, which leads to some fights.  The trajectory of this story is highly predictable and the stakes feel very low indeed.  Amy Adams plays Julie, and while she sparkles from time to time (can Amy Adams NOT sparkle), she also feels a bit listless.  Frankly, there isn't much to her character, the script gives her little real meat to go with and whatever depth we see is due to Adams wrestling it out of the script.  Chris Messina as Eric is agreeable and pulls of the devotion to Julie very well...but he also seems squishy and too  \\"good, kind and understanding.\\"  Tucci certainly is much the same way as Paul Child, but his character has a spark of dry humor and wit that Eric just doesn't have.    I would have liked the experience of JULIE & JULIA much more had we simply spent more time with Julia Child, perhaps taking her to the start of her TV show rather than the day of publication of her first book.  Certainly the story of Julie Powell on its own would not make a good film at all, so it feels somewhat propped up by the Julia Child story.      I'd give the JULIA portion of the film 4.5 stars...its lightweight quality is more than offset by great work from Streep and excellent support from Stanley Tucci, Jane Lynch & others.  I'd give JULIE a bare 3 stars...the food always looks great, and Amy Adams is something of a force...but the overall story carries little weight.  So that's 3.75.  Seems about right.    This is a feel good movie, and while I don't know if full price tickets at the cinema is worth it...I can certainly imagine a cozy night with the DVD, some nice wine and some rich, tasty food.
B000006UNG|3.0|Under-appreciated British eighties pop act were known for their classy production work and hooky, emotional melodies and to that end, succeeded easily with TCOS, though the brief disc of nocturnal electronic rhythms lacks a unifying consistency, keeping it inside the \\"classy head-bobbing\\" category.
B001FB55H6|5.0|POURQUOI SE PRIVE D'UN CHEF D'OEURVRE DANS SA COLLECTION QUI NE SERA PAS DISTRIBUER EN FRANCE DANS CETTE VERSION QUESTION DE DROIT AVEC WARNER ....VRAI VERSION FRANCAISE ET SOUS TITRE FRANCAIS .ENVOIE EN 15 JOURS RECU SANS PAYER DE TAXE DE DOUANE.  LE MÊME BLU RAY EN IMPORT EN FRANCE  VOUS RAJOUTER ENTRE 15 ET 20 EURO LE DOUBLE DU PRIX ICI.MERCI AMAZON.COM  ISLAS
B000002UB3|4.0|Although its briefly brilliant second side can pale to a fuller fleshed first, AR still represents the gritty apex of radio-ready pop rock integrity, endowing a template never really evolved onward.
B001EL6EH2|5.0|POURQUOI SE PRIVE D'UN CHEF D'OEURVRE DANS SA COLLECTION ....VERSION FRANCAISE ET SOUS TITRE FRANCAIS .UN COFFRET MAGIQUE POUR LES NOSTALGIQUES DU 7 ème ART...ENVOIE EN 15 JOURS RECU SANS PAYER DE TAXE DE DOUANE.  LE MÊME COFFRET EN FRANCE  VOUS RAJOUTER ENTRE 30 ET 50 EURO LE DOUBLE DU PRIX ICI.MERCI AMAZON.COM  ISLAS
1427201439|5.0|Dune is a science fiction classic that deserves it reputation!  The \\"used copy\\" I purchased was still in the original wrapper and in perfect condition.
0743496736|5.0|Reading this book made me think back about my own high school miserable days. This book is addicting, very true and sad.
B0026RHR6K|3.0|Fantastic show but...<br />Shouldn't the corners be cut off?<br />No book of any sort? Poster? Episode guide?<br />No exclusive behind-the-scenes disc?<br />Just a doll?<br />Not much savings over buying individual seasons.<br />Wasted opportunity.
B00284BMBM|5.0|Great cd. Daughtry just keeps getting better. I loved the first album, and this one is even better! You will love it.
B002ASVYWS|5.0|Since this album released months ago it's been receiving constant rotation in my stereo.  Each song on Sound Awake is a masterpiece, and the final two tracks which make up a good 24 minutes of the album just seemingly fly by.<br /><br />With the music industry the way it is today it's not very often that an artist releases an album that is this polished and has serious classic appeal, however, I believe Karnivool has accomplished that with Sound Awake and is one of those albums that I will be listening to for years to come.  If you liked Themata you need to get this album... just allow yourself some time to let it grow on you because it is a very different record from their last release.  Highly recommended and so far the greatest release of the year from any band I've heard (and I like all kinds of music).
0316017922|5.0|Refereshing view of the good old adage - \\"Practice makes perfect\\". Gladwell highlights through a series of plots well laid out that there is no substitute to Harwork, preparation, practice and a little something of being in the right place or time...
B0009XNUK0|5.0|This was exactly what I was looking for.  The inclusion of several Jackson 5 songs as well as many great hits by Michael himself as a solo artist made this CD perfect for me.  I wanted a collection of hits, some that I grew up with, but all were known and loved.  I received this not long after his death, making it only more special to me.
B000ZEE3I6|3.0|i saw this movie last night, it was a birthday gift. i can say i enjoyed it a lot, but also i was very disappointed at some of the stupid extra scenes they had added. what the hell was that about? the movie starts of from a made up scene which isn't in the book. there a few scenes which are all made up and wasn't in the book. other than that the acting was brilliant. harry and his gang all do their roles perfect and it was the first time i really enjoyed their acting. the young tom riddle was the best, he has the creepiness in the book; he is incredible. he has that cold creepy voice and handsome as described in the book. some chapters were deleted, which in my opinion were important scenes, for example they didn't show tom riddles grandfather or uncle at all, or his young dad and mother. instead there were the stupid made up scenes; I'm surprised J.K. Rowling isn't suing them for messing up her book. like i said it was great move and a very disappointment at the same time.
B00006JSS8|5.0|Quintessential Stevie Wonder!  All great songs -- enjoyed singing along to old favorites.  Nothing like the classics.
7119005901|5.0|This book is EPIC.  This has to be one of the greatest stories ever told.  I would recommend this to anyone.  There are typographical and spelling errors every now and then, but I mean come-on, this is a 1000+ page book published by a chinese company, it's very good that there are so few typos.  Someone remarked that this was not a good version and advised to \\"check your local library.\\"  He must not know that this is considered the definitive edition of the book, and one of the best unabridged versions out there.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|It has been widely agreed that Hayao Miyazaki is a master at his craft when it comes to combining rich animation with thoughtful story lines and similarly imaginative characters. His movies, from NAUSICAA, TOTORO, KIKI, LAPUTA, and MONONOKE to the recent HOWL'S MOVING CASTLE are all not only gorgeously rendered in terms of art, but in terms of movie-making as well. Can this man do no wrong? Not really, but it is impossible to expect everyone of his movies to always be five star marvels. His newest film, PONYO, an unashamedly family-friendly tale of a \\"goldfish out of water\\", is as lushly animated and alive with interesting characters as you would expect... and yet this is the first film of his which treads into \\"lesser\\" territory. Don't get me wrong, PONYO is not a bad movie by any means. As mentioned, it is a sight for the eyes and is as charming and adorable as TOTORO and KIKI. The problem is that the story doesn't stay afloat to satisfy anyone eager for another engrossing, in-depth plot.<br /><br />For its opening hour, PONYO is Miyazaki storytelling at its finest, in which a rowdy and overeager young goldfish (who later becomes named Ponyo) makes a forbidden trip to the human world where she is subsequently adopted by a boy her own age named Sosuke (modeled, interestingly, after the director's own son). This does not please Ponyo's father, a mysterious wizard named Fujimoto, who is very angry at the humans for their destruction of the sea (this environmentalist theme is not much different from Miyazaki's other films)... a problem he very much intends to rectify by creating jellyfish from the prow of his submarine. He separates the pair and tries to talk Ponyo into staying underwater with him. The goldfish, however, has already tasted both Sosuke's blood (healing a cut on his finger) AND some of the human food (ham, which she becomes inexplicably addicted to), and of course steals into her father's forbidden potions, transforming into a hyperactive young girl (who is the spitting image of Mei from MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO). This triggers a dangerous tsunami which threatens to engulf the entire world with water. Conspiring with his wife, Gran Mamare, a diaphanous sea goddess who alternatingly shifts from super-sized titan to human-size form, Fujimoto decides to test the two youngsters' love for each other. They do this by elevating the sea to the level of Sosuke's house, prompting the youngsters to set out across their now ocean-infested world in an over-sized toy-boat (made possible by Ponyo's own magical powers).<br /><br />It is at this point where PONYO begins to run out of steam. Although Ponyo and Sosuke are adorable and the scenes involving them are funny and cute, they slow down the film. Where the film really takes on water, unfortunately, is at the climax in which Sosuke must prove his love to Ponyo, presented in a way which is strangely anticlimactic and rushed, bringing an otherwise charming tale to an abrupt halt. This will likely underwhelm viewers expecting another instant masterpiece from the man who has delivered far more interesting finales for many of his other movies. Remember the destruction of Laputa? Satsuki's search for little Mei? Kiki's rescue of Tombo? Porco Rosso's fight with Curtis? The rescue of the Forest Spirit's head? Or even the test between Chihiro and Yubaba? All those resolutions were far more satisfying and felt more complete than this one.<br /><br />On a technical level, PONYO cannot be faulted. The animation is absolutely gorgeous to look at, produced entirely without a single shot of computer-generated-imagery, and naturally Joe Hisaishi provides us with yet another breathtaking musical score; the best moments being the rousing sequences underwater, accompanied by a chorus and a soprano voice. And the backgrounds are lovingly painted and detailed as any other Ghibli movies.<br /><br />Having proved themselves worthy on translating and dubbing Ghibli's previous movies into English with top-quality results, Disney Studios and Pixar once again provide an English dub complete with a mostly capable cast of actors. Frankie Jonas is surprisingly good as Sosuke, sounding very natural and believable throughout. Noah Cyrus as Ponyo, on the other hand, sometimes goes overboard in shouting her lines before eventually settling down toward the end. Leads aside, the rest of the cast includes Liam Neeson as the overprotective Fujimoto (who manages himself unsurprisingly well in the character), Cate Blanchett as Gran Mamare (in an omnipresent tone which is not much different from her Galadriel in LORD OF THE RINGS), Matt Damon as Sosuke's constantly seafaring father Koichi (who is good but nothing to write home about), and Tina Fey as Lisa. Of them, Fey is the best voice in the entire cast, imbuing the character with just the right amount of spirit and personality. Her scenes with Sosuke show real chemistry. On the other hand, Cloris Leachman, who was spectacular as Dola in CASTLE IN THE SKY, is disappointingly wasted as one of three handicapped elderly women (she barely has ANY lines!), who are also voiced by Betty White and Lily Tomlin. Of them, only Tomlin's character, a cantankerous woman named Toki, shows any real personality, but if I were casting the movie, I'd switch Tomlin with Leachman. Probably the only really jarring drawback of the dub is a blasty techno-remix of the film's catchy (but ridiculously repetitive) title song, which thankfully doesn't occur until midway through the closing credits.<br /><br />On the whole, PONYO is a good film; a fine piece of animated work which is perfect for youngsters and family audiences. Due to the loss of momentum toward the end, though, it falls far short of classic status. Since Miyazaki at his least is still better than a majority of other animated films, though, I'll be generous and give PONYO a full star recommendation, because any feature of his is still very much worth watching.  And of course, Disney gives it a superlative DVD edition complete with an impeccable visual and sound transfer as well as a huge serving of extras--arguably their largest ever for a Ghibli title.ios and Pixar once again provide an English dub complete with a mostly capable cast of actors. Frankie Jonas is surprisingly good as Sosuke, sounding very natural and believable throughout. Noah Cyrus as Ponyo, on the other hand, sometimes goes overboard in shouting her lines before eventually settling down toward the end. Leads aside, the rest of the cast includes Liam Neeson as the overprotective Fujimoto (who manages himself unsurprisingly well in the character), Cate Blanchett as Gran Mamare (in an omnipresent tone which is not much different from her Galadriel in LORD OF THE RINGS), Matt Damon as Sosuke's constantly seafaring father Koichi (who is good but nothing to write home about), and Tina Fey as Lisa. Of them, Fey is the best voice in the entire cast, imbuing the character with just the right amount of spirit and personality. Her scenes with Sosuke show real chemistry. On the other hand, Cloris Leachman, who was spectacular as Dola in CASTLE IN THE SKY, is disappointingly wasted as one of three handicapped elderly women (she barely has ANY lines!), who are also voiced by Betty White and Lily Tomlin. Of them, only Tomlin's character, a cantankerous woman named Toki, shows any real personality, but if I were casting the movie, I'd switch Tomlin with Leachman. Probably the only really jarring drawback of the dub is a blasty techno-remix of the film's catchy (but ridiculously repetitive) title song, which thankfully doesn't occur until midway through the closing credits.     On the whole, PONYO is a good film; a fine piece of animated work which is perfect for youngsters and family audiences. Due to the loss of momentum toward the end, though, it falls far short of classic status. Since Miyazaki at his least is still better than a majority of other animated films, though, I'll be generous and give PONYO a full star recommendation, because any feature of his is still very much worth watching.  And of course, Disney gives it a superlative DVD edition complete with an impeccable visual and sound transfer as well as a huge serving of extras--arguably their largest ever for a Ghibli title.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|This would be a good movie if have had been show in black and white on the back  of a [...] dollar whore.  Lonesome Dove in Widescreen - better than a 20 minute orgazim.
B000PAAJYW|1.0|The plot (if you call it that) was dull and hard to follow. The characters weren't believable and the constant playing of music throughout the movie gave me a headache.     Would have given it a 2 star if they removed all the crappy music.
B001DUKHXQ|3.0|Thriller...The most sold copies in the history of vinyl. Sony releases a 25 year anniversary re-mastered, picture disc. Obviously MJ has recently passed away and with my collection of MJ vinyl, and CD thought this record would be a welcome addition to my collection.    Is Sony simply cashing in? The record itself is gorgeous! But it is given no support! No sleeve to protect it, no heavy duty jacket maybe commemorating Thriller's accolades...    A flimsy, chincy, paper insert; enclosed by a vinyl holder. (think shower-curtain material)    It should have been shipped in a bubble record mailer; instead Amazon shipped it in a box too big...yes a box which appears to have been used many times over. The record itself appears unharmed, but the paper insert was bent and creased. I expected better delivery service from Amazon... which I usually receive.    Thriller itself deserves 5 stars. Sony's treatment of such a landmark and horrendous packaging minus Amazon's poor delivery method drop my total to 3 stars...
B001KYN7N2|5.0|When i had first ordered this product i had trouble receiving it from the first vendor but, she looked hard and found another vendor that had my book and she took care of it with little to no trouble and my book arrived just in time for my husbands birthday.
B0006B2A42|5.0|I usually like a book more than the movie.  In this case the movie fully lived up to the book on which it is based.  The cast is excellent, and the story moves well.  I get some movies from Netflix, but this one is well worth buying.
B0010VD7EO|4.0|First, I'll get my whinge out of the way: the cd comes in a cheap and nasty cardboard sheath. First time I tried to take it out, it felt like the cd was glued to the cardboard...so, of course, you have to get your fingers a good hold on the cd itself. Getting fingerprints and scratches on your cd looks to be a certainty. Really, these guys should learn from the Japanese, who are immaculate when it comes to putting cds into cardboard sheaths...they put the cd in a cloth type sheat beforehand, so that the cd is in pristine condition and easy to remove from the cover. Oh well.        Anyway, on the the music...I'd hear MGMT songs on video shows like Rage, and I really didn't get what all the fuss was about. Maybe I heard one or two songs...\\"Electric feel\\" was definitely one of them. And when I heard another song, it just seemed way too poppy for me...like a kindergarten level composition. However, sometime afterwards,  the pop simplicity ceased to be a millstone and became a definite hook for their music.  MGMT in this album cook up a very satisfying dish...with a pinch of Hendrix, The Doors, Mick Jagger, synth pop, accoustic guitar strumming, and Jean Michel Jarre thrown into the mix.     Best song:    Kids - this may have been the simple pop song which initially repelled me with its sweetness, but eventually won me over. It has a nice Cat Stevens intro (think \\"Remember the days of the old school yard\\") and a very heavy synth rhythm later in the song, reminiscent of Visage's \\"Fade to grey\\".  An infectious, vdery catchy song with a light melody on the keyboards, which becomes a heavy synth sound later. The mix of light keyboard and heavy synth works a treat in this song. And the keyboard break in the middle of the song is also a pleasure. Drumming is solid, and good.    Next best:    Pieces of what - nice strumming pattern on the accoustic guitar with the singer channeling Mick Jagger and Randy Newman's vocal style. At times the singing is quite plaintive. The notes on the bass guitar are nice and the song turns more rock orientated later.    Time to pretend - has a psychedelic intro, synthy and with simply catchy pop melodies.  The synth does sound very cheesy at times (so maybe this was the other song which initially put me off) but then becomes droning later on. The sound has a brushed metal quality to it, if that makes any sense. Lyrics are bleakly cynical and the drumming is solid, yet again.    Weekend wars - very nice sound quality to this song. Sounds like a semi-accoustic steel string guitar is uses, as well as the piano. Bass guitar is quite nice at times, and the singer brings a Mick Jagger quality to his vocals. Song gets synthy later.    4th dimensional transition - on second listen, this song grew on me.  Has an interesting sounding synth beat. Texture like that of INXS' \\"Devil inside\\". Lyrics are of a poetic sort, and the keyboards tinkle at times and other times sound synthy.     The rest:    Electric feel - this song is more accessible on the cd than when I tuned out listening to it on video shows.  It's bassy and sort of a slowed down disco song.  A rhythm based song, driven by a very funky bass riff. An organ or some such plays a melody on this song.    The youth - has a nice xylophone type sound to it, and the strings sound nice too. Seems to be some unintended distortion in this song. The synth throbs later on in this song. Lyrics become repetitive at the end.    Of moons, birds & monsters - has a Hendrix like \\"Watchtower\\" guitar bit in the middle of the song, and the instrumental towards the end reminds me of the intro to The Police's \\"Synchronicity II\\".     The handshake - has an organ type intro and some more left-field lyrics from the singer. Features accoustic strumming on the guitar too, and a catchy whistling outro.    Future reflections - has a brassy intro but then becomes genteel. I like the sensual, poetic start to the song. Goes synth rock at the end of the song.    Overall, a good album forits diversity...this pony has more than one trick.    If you like this album, you may want to check out popsters The Dandy Warhols...albums like \\"13 tales\\" and \\"Come down\\", which I've reviewed here. Or cut and paste dance pop/rock band The Rogue Traders' \\"Here comes the drums\\", which I've also reviewed here.
1594202249|4.0|I am assuming my words here are not the first place you looked for a critical take on this novel.  With that assumption I can skip the pretense of a plot summation and jump right into something maybe more thoughtful.<br /><br />The NYMag's Sam Anderson trashed this novel:<br />\\"It would be exciting to see such a prodigious talent find his way onto some new artistic path--one, maybe, open to finding meaning in pauses and silence and understatement rather than the same endless manic invention.\\"<br /><br />This is a good place for me to start - how very thoughtful of Sam Anderson to provide Pynchon with some career advice (note: sarcasm).  This is tantamount to a film critic of the 70s recommending that Sam Pekinpah stop obsessing over violence and move on already.  (Or maybe a 1977 Mr. Olympic judge critcizing Arnold for being too proud of his musculature?)<br /><br />The point is this \\"endless manic invention\\" is at the very core of what makes Pynchon a legit national treasure.<br /><br />A novel which inherently and by design has sapped all the tension (and most of the cohesion) from the narrative that's slathered in paranoia, class tension, and many stoned conversations isn't for everyone.  And honestly I'm not sure what the whole thing added up to, but I don't lay awake at night wondering what a particular Coltrane solo means either.  I just take it as it is.
B00004RYZT|5.0|\\"Du hast\\" means you have. It's a German play on words. \\"Du hast\\" means you have, which sounds exactly like \\"Du hasst\\", meaning \\"you hate\\". And \\"Heirate mich\\" means \\"Marry me\\". I've just ordered the DVD. A warning though: the \\"Bück dich\\" live performance is very inappropriate for younger viewers! Great stuff, nonetheless.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|If they had ended the film with Wall-E desperately clinging to the probe ship leaving Earth for space unknown we would have had a 100% cinematic marvel. Brilliant film-making in any class. Instead we get an extra hour of relentless devolving into the usual pixar-madness. Fellas, remember the Wonder Boys motto--you must make the choices. A choice number one is--know when to quit!
B00275EGWO|4.0|If you can look past the hype and the inconsistencies this movie brings forth, you'll find The Hurt Locker is a heart-pounding, nerve-wracking war drama, that does not let you go until the very end. Jeremy Renner puts in the performance of a lifetime. One thing The Hurt Locker does so splendedly is that it highlights the fact that some soldiers live on the battlefield. In terms of the war genre, The Hurt Locker is the pinnacle of modern wartime film making.
B002DKGWSO|5.0|I have to admit that it was in some way satisfying just to see some cruel justice by own hand, I am a lawyer and I know that law must prevail and all but i also have to admit that as a human being you tend to pay back suffering, I think that in extreme situations some humans beings are capable of horrible things, some people go back to what Hobbes called state of nature and this movie shows a very good example of this. i mean, you dont think about laws and punishment when you are in front of people who did things ,as horribles as the ones despicted here, to your family,well i know now that i wouldnt, but thats just me and maybe a reduced part of the population.  anyways I recommend this movie if you liked movies like death sentence,man on fire boondock saints or the brave one. if not, i think you can still watch it just to criticize those who tend to let the animal instincts prevail over their reasoning.
0545123267|5.0|Okay I don't know how to say this any better than this, I freaking LOVED this book!!! It is by far the best book I have read in months. I was hooked from page one and had the urge to devour it in one setting. I controlled that urge though. I wanted to savor every moment of the book and not rush through it.<br /><br />Grace and Sam's story is amazing and Maggie did a fantastic job telling it. Not only were the main characters great, she created a world of 3 dimensional characters for me. I can imagine every character clearly in my mind. The other characters are not just fluff either, they all have well written stories and personalities. It's just awesome!<br /><br />Maggie's writing is incredibly poetic and lyrical. There is such an amazing flow to her storytelling. She makes you want to keep reading long after all the pages have been turned. I can't wait to read Linger and can't believe I have another year to wait until I can read more about Grace and the wolves.<br /><br />If you are thinking about buying this book, Do! You will not regret it.<br /><br />Thank you Maggie for telling such a beautiful story!!
B001PJRAUS|5.0|Being a Jane Austen fan, I had heard of this but never seen it until this past weekend on Ovation TV.  I wasn't dissapointed at all with the plot twists and turns, I think it is great fun! I loved Elliot Cowen as Darcy and enjoyed Jemima Rooper's performance as a modern day woman lost in a novel.  I didn't find any of the additional ideas/characterzations offensive at all. I'm going to purchase it.
B002KS1IJC|5.0|Great movie.. There's nothing Cheap about this flick.. It was well written and well performed by it's stars.. Jim C. always plays his role to a T. Watch it. It's a great Film..
1558908846|5.0|It would be impossible for me to sum up the love i have for this movie, organize that love into a linear written account, and then fit it all on the space provided here. What can possibly be said about the Judge? The whole premise is that in the future \\"One man is judge, jury, and executioner\\" and that one man is Stallone. Prepare yourself for a whirl-wind adventure packed full of witty one-liners from Stallone, Assante, and Shneider. A guaranteed delight to anyone who buys it. Highly recommend to anyone who considers their dvd collection to be worth a grain of salt.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|A two note-worthy items:    THE OPENING SCENE OF THE SKYLINE: The Tyrell Corporation buildings are designed as pyramids due to the ancient Egyptians building pyramids for kings and pharaohs. The movie suggests the Tyrell Corporation saw themselves as such.    ROY'S (RUTGER HAUER) LINE, \\"IF YOU ONLY YOU CAN SEE WHAT I'VE SEEN...\\": Each time Roy Batty tries to tell someone of the horror's he's seen in war and labor, they try to kill him. IMO, Roy is crying out for people to hear his story.
B00005QGAT|5.0|This is a great album. You can just tell in every song Michael is just ready to take on the world. Great songs! My favs are Don't Stop Till You Get Enough, Rock With You, Working Day and Night, but overall they are all great!
0385512058|5.0|If there's one book I wish I'd read when I was sixteen it would have to be this book. It's also the book I would insist on being mandatory reading for anyone who's serious about owning their own business. In this book, Ferrazzi distills the fine art of networking and explains just how important it is, as well as sharing his own tips and tricks for effectively networking. All of his ideas are useful and if you implement only a few of them, you'll still see some changes. I've already noted some positive changes in my business because of executing his concepts. I highly recommend this book as an excellent guide for how to network successfully and most importantly how to succeed by genuinely taking care of the people you know and letting them help you as well.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|It is so hard to sum up 40 years of Michael's music but this really is a great collection. From his early days until the latest, it is awesome and the unreleased songs are great too. And the booklet is very nice as well. Really is worth the money and it is a great price for all that you get. Michael you are the greatest and I will love you always RIP
0060989157|5.0|This is simply an amazing book! I grew up on the Crue and had heard many many stories. To hear them and many more in thier own words was just priceless. I couldn't put this book down and wanted more even after I finished it. I will read it again!    I saw them in concert in St. Louis last week......... from the front row. I took a few pics if you are interested.   [...]
B000EWBKM6|5.0|I hated when this show went off. They just don't make good shows anymore. This is great to go with my collection of all seasons of Will & Grace.
1847245455|5.0|I was late in picking up the two first books of Stieg Larsson's trilogy and when I did I decided to leave them for the beach. I can now assure you that THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO is much more than a summer page-turner.<br /><br />The story flows effortlessly yet is full of unexpected turns. Looking back one can only admit that, although he did not see it coming, the outcome was to be expected. No suspension of disbelief required here, the story could easily have been taken from news-reports. Larsson was a master of understanding human nature and life's minute nuisances.<br />What is more, this book reminded me of the good old classics that contained a healthy dose of moral lessons within their gripping story. Good literature should entertain as much as it make you think.<br /><br />The only thing I regret is not being able to read Larsson in the original Swedish (always a handicap) but as far as I can tell the translation (by Steven T. Murray, under the nom-de-plume of Reg Keeland) is fluid and very well done. No awkward phrasing or translation artifacts that would gum up the experience. The book might as well have been written in English.<br /><br />It is very unfortunate that Larsson died so young. He would have had a stellar carrier as a writer in front of him. Non the less, his Millennium Trilogy is what he will be remembered by.<br /><br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B001041JLE|5.0|I was 6 years old when the original Thriller came out, I bought the cassette tape. This album NEVER gets old it is still the greatest and the book it comes with is awesome, lots of great pics in it. It is, to me, the greatest album of ALL time and Michael was/is the GREATEST entertainer of ALL time, there will NEVER be another. Every song on here is great. RIP Michael I love you always
0743290127|2.0|Thank goodness I got the audiobook. Otherwise, I'm not sure I would have been able to get through this book. The book wasn't necessarily painful, just bland.    While amusing at times, the book was generally lackluster and seemed to drone on and on. I was about a third of the way through before I even began to see the 'bet' mentioned on the back cover come to fruition. I was also hugely disappointed to see how each character carried out (or did not carry out) their part of the bet in such an unenthusiastic and halfhearted way. By the end of the novel, I wondered why I hadn't just listened to the radio instead. Surely a Britney Spears tune would have been more dramatic and exciting, and certainly quite a bit shorter.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I wasn't expecting to like this movie and was pleasantly surprised.  Clint Eastwood is pretty much what you would expect in this - a racist, grumpy old coot.  There are some surprisingly funny moments throughout the movie and I cracked up at the scene where the neighbors brought gifts to Walt's door.  Not exactly what you'd call a heartwarming movie, but very compelling and highly recommended.
067101756X|4.0|How is it that all this material could just be published in a book?  Are these not some of the biggest secrets in human history, and wasn't it all classified? Why would it be classified no longer, or, if not, why wouldn't the government have prevented publication?  Is there an explanation of this in the book? I have looked and perhaps have missed it?  It's an enjoyable read, but I can't help wondering.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|Michael at his best.... he will live forever in our memory with songs like these.
B0021L8US0|2.0|I went into this film expecting to see a movie about aliens attempting to come to Earth in a peaceful way, but then being greeted by aggressive humans, and prevented from leaving.  Then, I expected to see the aliens be forced into an aggressive stance, thus, wiping out the humans when everyone could've gotten along swimmingly if only the humans would behave and not be so hostile.  How ironic a movie that would be right?  Humans natural aggression causing their own demise??  I wrote a better film in my own head....then I walked into this mess.      I awarded two stars simply because some of the action sequences are exciting and well done.  Now, I can pretty much see good action in any run of the mill film these days so it's hardly worth a star.  To start with, why are the humans and aliens able to communicate so easily?  Why are the aliens so strong in one scene then weak and feeble in the next?  Why are the aliens able to read and write English?  How can the main charactor operate the alien machines so easily simply because he has only just begin his transformation?  Why is this film so obviously racist against blacks/Nigerians?  Why was this such a pathetic rip off of E.T.?  i.e. they want you to root for the baby alien to get home safely and the bad scientists won't let him leave.    There is a scene in this film in which the agents find a gun inside an aliens hut, and the alien actually says \\"It's not mine.\\"  Am I watching a bad episode of cops here?  I thought Peter Jackson would do a good job with this after King Kong, but my goodness the stupidity factor was insulting here folks.    I should've netflixed it, live and learn.
B00133KFGW|4.0|AUgust Rush is a very enjoyable movie. Some small lapses in reality, But if you remember it is a fairy tale, you can enjoy it more. Fine for the whole family. Enjoy.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|My wife made me go to see this, because all the PMT ridden harpies in her office were raving about the film. I tried to refuse but she overpowered me with her mind-games.<br /><br />I wanted to go to the cinema, sit in the dark and sulk.<br /><br />But they wouldn't let me.<br /><br />Maybe it was the warmth of the Greek sun mixed with the melodies of ABBA but after only a few minutes I couldn't help but feel happier. Damn them.<br /><br />By the middle of the film I was laughing as loudly as everyone else, and finally I jumped up onto my feet during the finale to spin my beloved up the aisle.<br /><br />As I left the cinema, feeling giddy and warm (my wife and I talked about nonsense all the way home on the train - just laughing and joking over silly things) - I realised that the film had transformed the both of us for the night. We did not talk about the film, but the joy and freedom and sense of fun it gave us remained.<br /><br />The next day I read many of the critical reviews, nearly all panned the film, and although I can objectivly see that the film was not the most technically accomplished, I have two reasons why I think my wife and I loved the experience so much.<br /><br />1. I cannot remember seeing a film featuring people my own age actually having fun. Not 'acting' like they are having fun but actually have a romp. Hollywood take note - we live in an ageing population and people of my age like seeing the vitality that can be afforded to us rather than being reminded that we are just too old to face transforming robots. (ps - 41 is not old)<br /><br />2. The music of ABBA has tremendous power, even after all these years. I have always enjoyed their melodies, the complex arrangements give their sound a surprising depth. Integrated into the film, flimsy as the plot is, just produces a renewed vigour to it - like meeting an old friend that you have not seen for years.<br /><br />Forget the critics, like aimless children in a playground they follow whatever the zeitgeist dictates, trying to convince us of what is note worthy and important. They offer analytical pieces that nail all of the technical faults of this film but have managed to miss all of it's emotional triumphs. Just see this film - you may hate it - but there are too many of us saying that this film 'just' made us feel happy. In times like these that is a valuable ability and gift not to be missed.y and important. They offer analytical pieces that nail all of the technical faults of this film but have managed to miss all of it's emotional triumphs. Just see this film - you may hate it - but there are too many of us saying that this film 'just' made us feel happy. In times like these that is a valuable ability and gift not to be missed.
B0029358GM|3.0|I still like the cut \\"You Never know\\", but the rest of the CD isn't that good.  Should've downloaded it on Itunes.
0385342020|5.0|It took me a few chapters to get into this book because it was a bit different from her other novels (this one involving a ghost, after all!).  But once I delved deeper into the book, I just didn't want to come up for air.  I found myself breathing shallowly as I anticipated each twist and turn and I simply just couldn't read it fast enough.  I hope they consider making this novel into a movie - I can just imagine the beautiful twenties costumes and ghostly special effects!
B0027HOBM2|3.0|I love this show, it deserves all the praise it gets.  However, the blu-ray is painfully slow and forces you to skip over ads for bleach and season 3 everytime you load the disc.  I don't have the newest blu-ray player but this disc takes, by far, the longest to load of any blu-ray I have every played in two years.  Also, the menus are slow and unresponsive, making them difficult to navigate.      Surely such a great show deserves better.
B000ETRCMQ|5.0|This is my FAVORITE movie...    Why, you ask? Maybe because my friend, Sandi Alexander has a featured role in it, OK? And she is SO good...!
0739383248|5.0|I love to read all of Sophie K's books! I enjoy the fun, easy reads! I am always hooked by page two! This book is no exception! 5 stars!
B002AT4K9Q|2.0|I am way too old to review this movie properly.  For me, an action film featuring muscle cars is 1968's Bullitt, 1973's Seven Ups, or even 1980's Blues Brothers.  Long continuous shots, no CGI with frantic intercutting by an editor sitting behind a computer, and actual muscle cars filmed at full speed with real engine sounds.  Younger kids may like their films manipulated to the point where it becomes a video game, so I can't really judge on those counts.<br /><br />Since I watched this movie to see my favorite actress, Jordana Brewster, I will review it only on that criteria alone.  (So please don't vote for the helpfulness of the review if you are not reading this specifically for info on the aforementioned actress.<br /><br />Here goes: She appears for about 6 minutes of the 107 minute movie, totalling six short scenes.  The super hot angle of her in the car that was touted all over the trailer and commercials, comes at the end, lasting under 1 minute before the credits roll.  (There were two 1 second shots that the trailer teaser alluded to).  On the cover of the DVD, she is at the very front of the featured characters.  Either she has a fantastic contract negotiations manager, or the producers of Fast & Furious 4 have taken Jordana Brewster fans for the biggest ride, ever.
1401359418|5.0|Richard Wiseman has written an excellent book providing an effective and efficient guide to improve your personal life management within a short time. People could save money and time wasted for/with coaches. The recommendations can also be applied by team members to improve teamwork.
B0021L8US0|3.0|The movie was quite good, but only the last 40 minutes of the movie. At first I almost fall a sleep but later on it starts to get better, a lot of talk and talk. The aliens and the effects was very good.<br /><br />I hope the Blu-Ray comes packed with goodies.
B0012GN0Z8|5.0|Chimes of Freedom is a great addition to any Springsteen fan's collection!  The six plus minute version of \\"Tougher Than The Rest\\" is the real treat of the album, and the title track \\"Chimes of Freedom\\" is a great cover of the original Bob Dylan hit.  Chimes of Freedom isn't just a free for all music album, it's classic Springsteen - reminding listeners of a bigger issue.  Amnesty International and Human Rights Now! were to benefit from the release of this album.  It's The Boss at his best - the album's worth every penny.
0823003590|5.0|Excellent book with beautiful examples, all very well executed. This is not one of those books where the author is mostly showing off his skill and you get the feeling you wasted your money on something that didn't fulfill its promise. This book really teaches you, step by step, how to draw portraits. Starting with explanations about the materials you'll need, how to use them and keep them intact. From basic drawing to fully finished portrait and even beyond that, like mixing different portraits together or mixing animals photograpy with real-life portrait drawings.     If you are an artist looking for a REAL portrait drawing book, this is your best choice. It has everything.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|i thought the delivery time was great i dident have to wait that long and i couldent get this at best buy so that was a pluse
0307387178|3.0|The writing was well done, but the subject of the story was an idiot. I admired his gumption in doing what he set out to do, but he was too full of himself to admit his limitations and way too stupid by not going out into Alaska without being properly prepared.<br />The author did a nice job of portraying Alaska; I lived throughout the state for 2 years, so I can relate. He did a nice, but failed attempt to elevate the hypocritical, selfish, spoiled, idiotic young man to some sort of icon. He tried to build pity for McCandless, but it didn't work for me. McCandless, to me, was anything but; not because he failed, but by the way he tried to live. He set his dreams in fantasy, not in reality. He abhorred reality. He relished everyone about him; forgave them their foilibles; everyone but his parents. His parents gave him everything, yet it repulsed him.<br />This is definitely a tale of a foolish young man throwing his life away without caring about those that care about him. Sadly, but truthfully, the world is a better place without fools like him. I feel sorry for the parents that loved him, but can't shed a tear for him. It just goes to show that when it comes to children, all you can do is raise them. No matter what you do, it'll never be good enough.
B000088E6D|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I enjoyed the selection of songs and thought it would be great to hear during a mellow intimate evening.
0385474547|5.0|This book is amazing in both that it has an informing and educational historical background and an amazing character profile that develops. I absolutely love this book. I would recommend it to anyone.
6305736650|5.0|Casablanca is one of the classic movie greats. This is Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman at their best, and the supporting cast is full of well known actors of the time (Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, and Dooley Wilson).<br /><br />Set in Casablanca during WW II, the plot focuses on the somewhat upscale \\"Rick's Cafe Americaine\\" where a healthy amount of black market deals are made, a lot of liquor is sold, and gambling is a losing proposition for most of the patrons. Casablanca was the hub for refugees trying to get passage to Portugal and the Americas and many of the documents required for transit had to be procured through questionable means. This is where the story takes off with the love triangle between Bogart, Bergman, and Henreid.<br /><br />We have been watching a lot of classic movies with our teens to show them where a lot of the quotes they hear come from, and Casablanca is very rich territory indeed: \\"Play it, Sam\\", \\"Here's looking at you kid\\", \\"This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship\\", \\"Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.\\", \\"Round up the usual suspects\\", \\"We'll always have Paris\\"<br /><br />This movie has everything, including great acting, romance, action, good music, and exotic locations. The cinematography is simply amazing and gives the movie a truly grand feel.<br /><br />This is a classic that shouldn't be missed! Highly Recommended!
B00127RAJY|4.0|this is an amazing DVD that combines strength, cardio and abs.  it's a hard workout that will either make you or break you.  it's the perfect length for a workout DVD..especially for a mom with kids to attend to!  i love it!
B00000EYL2|5.0|I received my like-new cassette in perfect condition and in a very timely manner. Great job, perfect transaction!
0810994739|5.0|My kids and their parents enjoyed this book just as much as the first!  Hilarious and witty.
0061231401|5.0|I'm not going to go into detail about what the book was about since it is so new and I don't want to give away details for those who have not had the pleasure of reading the book yet..But I will say \\"Bravo James Rollins\\".  This author never lets me down, whether he is writing about giant crocks, cats, things that scare the mess out of you, or just a good old fashioned special forces unit.  He never stops amazing me with his imagination and detail.  I would like to ask him one favor though....could you maybe see your way to writing another book like Amazonia, Excavation, etc.  Those are the original books that made you one of my favorite authors, and although I love the Sigma Force books and will continue to buy them as long as you continue to write them, I have not been able to find another author with your talent, except Matthew Reilly, who writes this type of book.  Mr. Reilly and you both became favorites of mine due to those original books, and I would love to see you both write more of them.  But please don't think I want you to stop your Sigma Force series, I look forward to those each year.  Oh, and one more thing, could you maybe see your way to writing a little faster...I really believe two James Rollins books a year would make the world a better place. LOL
B002KS1IJC|4.0|Outlander was a surprisingly good movie! No plot spoilers from me: Set in and around an Iron Age Viking village, this is a tale of an \\"Outlander\\" stranger who brings death and destruction with him as he attempts to destroy a very powerful creature. There is a very interesting back story and a good explanation for a lot of the character's actions. I also thought that they successfully merged the futuristic elements with the Iron Age culture very well.<br /><br />There is a lot of action and gore, but not so much as to be distracting. The cinematography, plot, and acting were very well done and the characters were nicely fleshed out (no pun intended). The creature effects were fairly good, but the CGI was a little lacking.<br /><br />Recommended for fans of SciFi, Fantasy, and horror genres.
0061703087|1.0|i cant say much about this book because i put it aside and red alot of others in between.   the whole main first part of it has to do with a stay home dad that deals with trouble around the house and his rowdy children. the mom works late and the dad thinks she is cheating. this was the plot the story starts out with. he runs around the house for at least two hundred pages and looks for clues about his wife's affair.  an intresting thing happened when he finds a mysterious rash on his baby and a black box under the cradle.   his wife starts to act weird soon and crashes a car. luckily the dad was following her because he thought there was another man in the car with her.     after that he joins the lab his wife used to work at and we go through a very painful science tour of the lab that lasts no less than fifty pages. borring borring borring  that was when i put it down and read other things.     i picked it up again once more and finished it. there was more action and stuff but it couldnt save the way this book just started out and then flopped downwards like an out of control roller coaster.  four thumbs way down.  yes i said four thumbs, i foud an extra pair of them on the floor in las vegas casino. the nano particles must have passed by when i slept.  thank God those thumbs were un able to read, i wish i was that lucky.
B00006LLLN|5.0|What a good value double CD this is.  An excellent group of musicians and a wide variety of songs and instrumentals.  It is everything I hoped for in a live session recording and the quality of the recording is studio standard.  Alison Krauss shows her versatility with songs of varying tempo and mood and the Union station accompanies her, matching the mood of the songs.  Their instrumentals are great, and the dobro player is outstanding.
B0002NRRUQ|5.0|I had never listed to Metallic's music prior to 1 year ago.  A friend at the office let my borrow this dvd and now I am HOOKED! I do believe they are the best heavy metal band of all times. I saw them in November but I was a Metallica virgin then, now I appreciate them even more and have great hopes they will be back in my area in the near future.  They truly are geniuses - up there with Gershwin in their music arrangements.  If you are unfamiliar with them, this is the dvd to see!
B000O77SOK|4.0|If you'/re looking for a TV show with superb acting, interesting storylines and plot twists that will make you jump out of your seat, look no further than \\"The Practice\\".<br /><br />Before it came to an inevitable end in 2004 after eight seasons, the latter of which increasing in decline, David E. Kelley's TV show about a law practice with a lot of passion and dedication who would stop at nothing for justice was one of the best shows on television.  Unfortunately Season 1, which was released in 2007, is currently the only available season on DVD.<br /><br />The show took place in Boston and featured the firm of Robert Donnell and Associates, later changing its name over time with the addition and removal of members.<br /><br />Dylan McDermott stars as Bobby Donnell, who has so much passion and heart that you are swept up in his emotions right along with him.  He cares as deeply about his associates' victories as he does for his own.  He sometimes loses his temper but can be made to see the hope when it looks like there isn't any left.<br /><br />Steve Young is Eugene, the former private investigator turned defense attorney who is as good at quick wit as he is with law.  This is evident when, in one episode at the beginning of the series, he is walking through a jail, stops and asks the men behind bars, \\"how many of you here DIDN'T do it?\\", which is met with a chorus of protests begging to be heard.<br /><br />Kelli Williams is Lindsay, the highly intelligent newbie lawyer who achieves an almost impossible victory in the beginning episodes of the show and gives you a great insight to her fierce tenacity.  She has a strong need to get it right and her naivete decreases with her experience and exposure to more cases.<br /><br />Camryn Manheim is Ellenor, another excellent lawyer who often times gets carried away and ends up in more trouble than she realizes.  A main theme explored for Ellenor is her hopes of finding love, which she has quite terrible luck in, to say the least, as the series progresses.<br /><br />Michael Badalucco is Jimmy Berluti, who helps Bobby out in a big way in the beginning of the series but gets fired for it due to a lack of ethics.  So to help Jimmy right back, Bobby hires him to work with the practice, since Jimmy was a former lawyer.  Unfortunately, he was never any good.  He never won a case.<br /><br />Lisa Gay Hamilton is Rebecca who, at the beginning of the series, is the office receptionist.  She and Bobby started his practice together.  She helps to center Bobby when he allows himself to fall into despair.<br /><br />Lara Flynn Boyle joins the cast in Season 2 as Helen Gamble, the main prosecutor who has a brief fling with Bobby but ultimately respects his firm.  However, put up against them in court, she will stop at nothing to gain her victory.<br /><br />Every case is interesting.  Every character is dynamic.  The acting is brilliant and the surprises will keep your interest.  If you loved L.A. Law, you should definitely check this out, since Kelley created that also.  But if you love law shows in general, especially well-acted ones, than you should not miss \\"The Practice\\".el Badalucco is Jimmy Berluti, who helps Bobby out in a big way in the beginning of the series but gets fired for it due to a lack of ethics.  So to help Jimmy right back, Bobby hires him to work with the practice, since Jimmy was a former lawyer.  Unfortunately, he was never any good.  He never won a case.    Lisa Gay Hamilton is Rebecca who, at the beginning of the series, is the office receptionist.  She and Bobby started his practice together.  She helps to center Bobby when he allows himself to fall into despair.    Lara Flynn Boyle joins the cast in Season 2 as Helen Gamble, the main prosecutor who has a brief fling with Bobby but ultimately respects his firm.  However, put up against them in court, she will stop at nothing to gain her victory.    Every case is interesting.  Every character is dynamic.  The acting is brilliant and the surprises will keep your interest.  If you loved L.A. Law, you should definitely check this out, since Kelley created that also.  But if you love law shows in general, especially well-acted ones, than you should not miss \\"The Practice\\".
0783226004|5.0|Hah. Don't kid yourself. It's not that organized<br /><br />Sneakers has an unabashed leftist slant, but in spite of that it is a pretty good high tech espionage thriller. Robert Redford plays Martin Brice, alias Martin Bishop. A Hacker since the 60's, he got away because he went out for pizza, while his partner, Cosmo went to prison. Years later Martin is still underground but he makes his living robbing banks using high tech schemes and subterfuge. The difference is that now he is employed by the banks themselves to expose weaknesses in their security. When he is approached by the NSA he at first refuses, as he doesn't work for the government, but when the choice is between working for them and getting his record expunged or going to prison, he accepts.<br /><br />--------------------<br />Martin Bishop: You know I could have been in the NSA, but they found out my parents were married.<br />==============================<br /><br />The job is to get a black box made by a mathematician that contains an algorithm capable of cracking any code.<br /><br />Martin leads a rag tag group of operatives with various specialties. Whistler (David Strathairn) is a phone phreak modeled after a real life phone phreak, also blind, with perfect pitch, who was able to control phone switches by whistling the codes (on a side note, another phone phreak was known as Captain Crunch because he discovered that a whistle from a box of cereal could also switch phones). Donald Crease (Sidney Poitier) is a former CIA man who had to quit because of his temper. Mother (Dan Aykroyd) is the resident conspiracy theorist. He is always getting under Crease's skin spouting his crazy theories about cattle mutilations or the JFK Assassination Conspiracy, the mother of all conspiracies.<br /><br />-----------<br />Crease: Now what are you saying, the NSA killed Kennedy?<br />Mother: No, they shot him but they didn't kill him. He's still alive.<br />=====================<br /><br />Carl (River Phoenix) is the precocious rep for the younger generation of hackers.<br /><br />Together, they get the black box, but at the hand off they figure out that the NSA agents are not who they claim to be. Cosmo (Ben Kingsley), Martin's old friend, is behind it. He has gone over to the dark side. He wants to use the box to bring down the whole financial system, causing global chaos -- not unlike the situation we find ourselves in at present. The second act involves getting the box back from the bad guys, who will stop at nothing to prevent them.<br /><br />----------<br />Cosmo: I'm sorry if he hurt you. I'm afraid Wallace doesn't like you very much.<br />Martin Bishop: You oughta have that guy checked for rabies.<br />Cosmo: Rabies occurs only in warm-blooded animals.<br />===============<br /><br />Call it Mission Improbable, but apart from the universal code cracking box most of the technology is pretty accurate and cleverly implemented. The tone hovers between light comedy and high tech espionage thriller, but with a cast as charming as this, that is an easy caper for them to pull off.<br /><br />Robert Redford, River Phoenix, Sidney Poitier, Ben Kingsley, David Strathairn... what a stellar cast. Check out River Phoenix in Running on Empty, or Strathairn in Good Night, and Good Luck. The politics are half baked, and there is wishful thinking involved, but Sneakers makes a good case that the good guys will prevail because they are smarter, and that is a good antidote for the paranoia that movies like Oliver Stone's JFK inspire, where some rough beast, its hour come round at last, slouches towards Bethlehem to be born.<br /><br />------------------------<br />Dr. Gunter Janek: It would be a breakthrough of Gaussian proportions and allow us to acquire the solution in a dramatically more efficient manner.<br />=====================================<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000E1NXJ0 Good Night, and Good Luck (Widescreen Edition)]] (2005) .... David Strathairn was Edward R. Murrow<br />[[ASIN:B00005Y6YE Exit to Eden]] (1994) .... Dan Aykroyd was Fred Lavery<br />[[ASIN:B00005Y1UX Indecent Proposal]] (1993) .... Robert Redford was John Gage<br />[[ASIN:078322611X Field of Dreams (Widescreen Two-Disc Anniversary Edition)]] (1989) .... James Earl Jones was Terence 'Terry' Mann (Directed by & Screenplay by Phil Alden Robinson)<br />[[ASIN:6305308853 Running on Empty]] (1988) .... River Phoenix was Danny Pope / Michael Manfield<br />[[ASIN:B00005Y7R6 Matewan]] (1987) .... James Earl Jones was 'Few Clothes' Johnson,  David Strathairn was Police Chief Sid Hatfield, and Mary McDonnell was Elma Radnor<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXA4 Gandhi]] (1982) .... Ben Kingsley was Mohandas K. Gandhi<br />[[ASIN:6304696493 All the President's Men]] (1976) .... Robert Redford was Bob Woodward<br />[[ASIN:6305511055 Three Days of the Condor]] (1975) .... Robert Redford was Joseph Turner / The Condor<br />[[ASIN:0767821483 Guess Who's Coming to Dinner]] (1967) .... Sidney Poitier was Dr. John Wade Prentice<br /><br />---------------------<br />Cosmo: There I was in prison. And one day I help a couple of older gentlemen make some free telephone calls. They turn out to be, let us say, good family men.<br />Martin Bishop: Organized crime?<br />Cosmo: Hah. Don't kid yourself. It's not that organized.<br />============================Redford was John Gage  [[ASIN:078322611X Field of Dreams (Widescreen Two-Disc Anniversary Edition)]] (1989) .... James Earl Jones was Terence 'Terry' Mann (Directed by & Screenplay by Phil Alden Robinson)    [[ASIN:6305308853 Running on Empty]] (1988) .... River Phoenix was Danny Pope / Michael Manfield   [[ASIN:B00005Y7R6 Matewan]] (1987) .... James Earl Jones was 'Few Clothes' Johnson,  David Strathairn was Police Chief Sid Hatfield, and Mary McDonnell was Elma Radnor     [[ASIN:B00003CXA4 Gandhi]] (1982) .... Ben Kingsley was Mohandas K. Gandhi   [[ASIN:6304696493 All the President's Men]] (1976) .... Robert Redford was Bob Woodward   [[ASIN:6305511055 Three Days of the Condor]] (1975) .... Robert Redford was Joseph Turner / The Condor  [[ASIN:0767821483 Guess Who's Coming to Dinner]] (1967) .... Sidney Poitier was Dr. John Wade Prentice     ---------------------  Cosmo: There I was in prison. And one day I help a couple of older gentlemen make some free telephone calls. They turn out to be, let us say, good family men.   Martin Bishop: Organized crime?   Cosmo: Hah. Don't kid yourself. It's not that organized.   ============================
B002CAWNEM|1.0|A poor man's version of Fatal Attraction with a series of dumbfounding stupid events - easily avoidable leading to 'a crazy woman is stalking me' formula. The acting wasnt very good, the situations where Idris Elba (as Derek Charles) has plenty of chances to tell his wife, Beyonce 'I cant act' Knowles (Mrs Charles) to tell her that Ali Larter (as Lisa Sheridan) is making movies on him,stalking him, and so forth. Of course everyone finds out and then it becomes the Beyonce ghetto acting performance of a decade. She throws him out after she discovers whats going on and refuses to believe him , even though its painfully obvious that Lisa is a nutcase. Of course there is the great scene of Beyonce leaving the house for a weekend in San Diego (with he hubby) ,turning on the home security system ,then forgetting her purse. She has to goes back home to get the purse, thus turning off the home security system when she is inside. Of course when she leaves the home for the 2nd time, predictably she amazingly somehow forgets to turn back on the home security system, leaving the house vulnerable to Lisa. I started groaning after awhile whenever I saw her. Even when she enters the house for the first time she easily gets past the babysitter who decides not to talk to Mrs Charles on the phone whom Lisa is supposed to be talking to on the phone to get past the babysitter. Lisa to the babysitter as she offers to hand the phone to her \\" You want to talk to her\\". The babysitters response \\" No.\\" Give me a break !<br />The big payoff is of course the cat fight scene finale between Beyonce 'Mrs. Charles\\" and Lisa, as is the entire film was made for that moment where Lisa is fighting in a long shirt & panties on & we get plenty of shots of her black panties (oh boy !! ) It became the Beyonce 'you want some, come get some' very reminiscent of a WWE Diva's match. I think the whole movie could have been cut down to just the fight scene...<br />There were a couple of other mind numbing scenes as well but I dont want to spoil it other than I will just this question - would you show the slightest compassion to a person who has stalked you, tried to kill you, steal your child , rob your home and drive you insane for 100 minutes ? If your answer is no then you will be groaning over a few choice scenes...<br />This movie was frustrating, un-original & the biggest piece of crap Ive seen all year..despite the suspenseful moments. It wasnt there because (1) the story has been done before and better (2)the characters were illogical about how to deal with the situation and each other<br />Watch Fatal Attraction insteadll but I dont want to spoil it other than I will just this question - would you show the slightest compassion to a person who has stalked you, tried to kill you, steal your child , rob your home and drive you insane for 100 minutes ? If your answer is no then you will be groaning over a few choice scenes...  This movie was frustrating, un-original & the biggest piece of crap Ive seen all year..despite the suspenseful moments. It wasnt there because (1) the story has been done before and better (2)the characters were illogical about how to deal with the situation and each other  Watch Fatal Attraction instead
0307588335|5.0|I have spent my career on the West Coast in the West coast Crater known as Silicon Valley. (silicone valley is near LA) I found this book to be an easy read and an engaging story of how Larry McDonald fought back from some early family disadvantages to realize his dream of being a real player as a trader on the Street. Many of us who are far removed from this world do not really have a very good feeling for this world and this book gives you at least a feeling for what they do up on Wall Street.<br /><br />While some have criticised the book for the author's lack of direct contact with the top management, I don't think this prevents the book from giving a reasonable glimpse of what was going on inside of Lehman brothers as the housing market collapsed. McDonald exhibits a decent sense of humor as he describes what he saw occurring around him. I have no doubts, as somebody who has spent his career inside fortune 500 companies that McDonald is able to give a reasonable sense of the realities going on inside Lehman.<br />Certainly the issues he raises about the cutting off of the top management from the troops is indicative of a top management who was disconnected and I have to say that while I have experienced top managers who rule by intimidation, I have not ever seen a top management that was as dedicated to isolation as what Mr McDonald describes. I have few doubts that it was unhealthy.<br /><br />There is a significant amount of discussion of California and Florida as relates to the housing crash and he specifically mentions a number of towns that I have personal aquaintance with. I don't see any of his assessments that I would personally take issue with except for a comment he makes offhand regarding one physical phenomenon. I think its clear he's not a physicist, but that is fine. He does correctly describe the situation in California mortgages and it is clear that he and his distressed assets team clearly saw the mortgage meltdown coming as early as June 2005.<br /><br />This book does hold your interest as his experiences move forward and the story unfolds. I found that I couldnt put the book down.I read this book in a weekend here. I also found that through the narrative he explained a couple of financial items that are main characters in the book and he does this in a very simple manner<br /><br />I found that some of his anecdotes were pretty interesting ranging from his anecdotes of trying to get his first financial job by trying to get past the receptionists by posing as a pizza delivery boy. I also found his decription of the Bucket shop he interviewed in Philadelphia interesting as also his decriptions of his first financial job that he actually got as a retail broker with Merrill Lynch. His descriptions of how he got potential client leads by getting a bunch of Alumni lists from top schools and scarfing up country club memberships from the clubhouses of the local country clubs and. So I found the book pretty interesting.<br /><br />I also found that his descriptions of the \\"Tech Wreck\\" brought back memories for me as he does mention a couple of the companies that I have worked for.<br /><br />This is not a deep and trenchant attempt to analyze the balance sheets of Lehman. Its a personal memoir that tells the story of Larry McDonald and it discusses the activities that he was involved in and observed. I don't think he overclaims his knowledge and the story is engaging and an easy read. Its probably not the final word on Lehman Brothers but then it doesnt pretend to be. I suspect that a lot of the pieces are here however.es hold your interest as his experiences move forward and the story unfolds. I found that I couldnt put the book down.I read this book in a weekend here. I also found that through the narrative he explained a couple of financial items that are main characters in the book and he does this in a very simple manner    I found that some of his anecdotes were pretty interesting ranging from his anecdotes of trying to get his first financial job by trying to get past the receptionists by posing as a pizza delivery boy. I also found his decription of the Bucket shop he interviewed in Philadelphia interesting as also his decriptions of his first financial job that he actually got as a retail broker with Merrill Lynch. His descriptions of how he got potential client leads by getting a bunch of Alumni lists from top schools and scarfing up country club memberships from the clubhouses of the local country clubs and. So I found the book pretty interesting.     I also found that his descriptions of the \\"Tech Wreck\\" brought back memories for me as he does mention a couple of the companies that I have worked for.     This is not a deep and trenchant attempt to analyze the balance sheets of Lehman. Its a personal memoir that tells the story of Larry McDonald and it discusses the activities that he was involved in and observed. I don't think he overclaims his knowledge and the story is engaging and an easy read. Its probably not the final word on Lehman Brothers but then it doesnt pretend to be. I suspect that a lot of the pieces are here however.
B000026LQB|5.0|This is a monumental collection, originally on LP, of Frans Bruggen performing a variety of pre-baroque, baroque and rococco works for recorder(s).  Frans Bruggen put the recorder on the map as a solo instrument, and no one before or since has made such a huge impact.  Many recorder players have burst onto the scene since, but I dare to say no one has matched Bruggen's musicality and expressiveness.  Unfortunately, this 12-CD set appears to be out-of-print and hard-to-find as used copies as well.    Capriccio has recently put out a 8-CD set of recorder music played by Michael Schneider.  That set is the closet one can get to this Bruggen set, in terms of breadth of repetoire.  You may get it as an import: [[ASIN:B001UUNAMY European Baroque Sonatas]]
B001HN69AE|5.0|People give a bad review because they think it is the Dragon Ball comic or manga adaptation on film...and it is not. It is a movie that the story is based on the Dragon Ball story, and it is different in many aspects, that is why the \\"Evolution\\". This movie is to keep the Dragon Ball story present and let the young ones know about it. About the Blu Ray release, both video and audio are excellent, extras....just for the digital copy.
B000IAZ5HK|5.0|This does exactly what it says it does.  I've been using it for months now and it is indeed totally drip-free.  It looks great (who wants to read recipes for salad dressing every time they look at the shaker?) and it hasn't shown a spot of rust.
B0000C1733|5.0|I'm from L.A., and I remember (probably in the late 70's/80's) when RHCP was a local band playing many LA/Hollywood venues frequently.  I remember them (and Fishbone) forever in the LA Weekly.  This CD - I agree - so many good songs!  A masterpiece.  So talented!
0061231401|5.0|Another really good installment in the Sigma series. I thoroughly enjoyed this. Had a bit of trouble getting into the story at the beginning, but I think it was more my case of distraction than the book itself. Keep up the good work!
B0019LY5I2|4.0|Remember this cartoon? I remember the original G.I. Joe - the 12\\" doll in the fatigues. Madison Ave. kept after the kid market with military themed toys in the 80's and 90's with a re-vamped, technologically advanced Joe(s) - including a silent, black clad ninja. Now we have the big-budget, action-packed summer movie about these characters. Is it any good?     Surprise, G.I. Joe is a good summer movie. I expected to see some villian bursting into a room crowded with Joes (all wearing different uniforms, one even wearing a parrot on his shoulder), firing a machine gun while somebody yells \\"DUCK!\\"; which results in no one getting hurt. That does'nt happen in this movie - its actually very violent, although you don't see too much blood. The movie also displays some very cool weapons and ships.    Well worth one's time.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I first saw Dr. Horrible on the web and fell in love!  The dvd is even better because it has the singing commentary track (hilarious), subtitles and other fun bonus features, and you can watch all 3 acts in one sitting without any downloading or other stuff lazy people don't like to do.<br />All I can say is, Joss Whedon and company are genius'.
0671015206|5.0|Mark F. LaMoure, Boise, ID<br /><br />My Fellow Americans:  WAKE UP!<br />\\"The Millionaire Next Door\\" by Thomas Stanley and William Danko is the finest book of its type I know of.  The authors tell readers:  \\"If you want to be a Millionaire, do the OPPOSITE of what the mass media, advertisers and Hollywood demand you conform to.\\"  The truth couldn't be said more honetly.  The book gives you excellent reasons on how to get rich over time.  Don't give the mass media your attention with its web of lies that mislead you.  The book's copyright is 1996.<br /><br />Stanley and Danko heavily studied wealth in America for over 20 years.  They found the great majority of all Millionaires live far below their means!  They bargain shop, buy used cars, stay married and have three children.  They live a happy life far above the average person by doing so.<br /><br />AMERICAN MILLIONAIRES<br />Eighty percent of all American Millionaires aren't retired.  They are self-employed, enjoy a $3.7 Million dollar minimum net worth (In 1996 dollars) and have an average $320,000 home they've lived in over 20 years.  These practical people don't wear expensive clothing, they drive American-made cars, save 15-20% minimum of their income.  First Priority:  Pay off your credit cards soon as possible, then cut 'em up!  The dishonest Banksters of today, charge fees that were totally illegal  to charge years ago.  The book has 8 inspiring Chapters and 272 pages of superb, fascinating material.  Remember:  Millionaires do the opposite of what the mass majority practices.<br /><br />Read \\"The Millionaire Next Door\\" to get POSITIVE suggestions for taking action to live a rich and fullfilling life.  Big spenders with bad spending habits often go into bankruptcy, causing huge long-term problems to themselves and others.  Big spenders too often buy expensive, high-status items that lose their value quickly.  They don't do what smart Millionairs do.  So take control of your life today and make it a big SUCCESS for TOMORROW.  Be willing to pay the price in the present to enjoy great rewards in the future.  Buy \\"The Millionaire Next Door\\" now and find out how to make it happen.<br /><br />EXCELLENT AND INSPIRING<br />The Grade-A guidance you receive from the book is excptional.  You might even get rich reading this book and from following its suggestions.  I rate it Five Gold Stars.  It can HELP YOU Get Rich. Good Luck.CCESS for TOMORROW.  Be willing to pay the price in the present to enjoy great rewards in the future.  Buy \\"The Millionaire Next Door\\" now and find out how to make it happen.<br /><br />EXCELLENT AND INSPIRING<br />The Grade-A guidance you receive from the book is excptional.  You might even get rich reading this book and from following its suggestions.  I rate it Five Gold Stars.  It can HELP YOU Get Rich. Good Luck.
1416955070|1.0|I have never read a book written so specifically for a sequel. None of the subplot stories wrapped up and upon finishing the book I had so many questions remaining that I gave up on the series rather than risk reading the next book for more unanswered questions. Ridiculous actions by the characters may have been forgiven if their relationships were true in the end, which they were not. I have never been so dissappointed upon finishing a book.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|When i was little i would watch this movie over and over, but after letting a young cousin borrow it i never got the movie back. I recently purchased it and it is just as good or even better than it was when i was little. Watched it twice the day i got it and it brought back alot of memories. Plus there is an extra song they put in the movie that is great, but had me scratching my head because i could not remember it. heh.  A must for any Disney dvd collection! Classic!
0307266303|5.0|I have been running since 14 years of age.  I am now nearly 50.  During this time I have read many boring, unimaginative and mundane books on running.  This book, Born to Run, is far and away the best book on running I have ever read.  Full of great characters, fun story lines and useful information for any distance runner.    If you run, if you have ever suffered a running injury (dumb question) you simply must read this book.
B000EULJLU|5.0|I have a confession to make - this is the first Tool album I have ever listened to. Sadder still - I hadn't even heard of the band until about a month ago! (even though I am in my forties and love a wide variety of music). My loss unfortunately, because this band is absolutely brilliant.    A bit of a combo between Metallica, Creed and The Mars Volta, but still unique in their own way. I can't believe how anyone could seriously give this one or even two stars - the quality and complexity of composition evident is far superior to what usually passes for 'music' in the heavy/alternative metal genre, or most others for that matter.     The lyrics to these songs are phenomenal (I lost my mother to cancer earlier this year which adds to the meaning of Wings for Marie - parts 1 & 2 in particular for me) and when combined with Tool's raw power and visceral emotion, the end result is truly profound.    It's also pretty obvious from the CD case and album artwork (as well as their enigmatic website), that these guys actually believe in their craft and respect their listeners.      It's not everyday that one discovers a fresh, intelligent and exhilirating style of music that's actually worth writing a review about, but this band is a rare exception to the rule and I can't wait to hear more.     Better late than never as they say!
1400034779|5.0|I just love this whole series!  They are the type of stories that you curl up in a chair by the fire and just relax with.  I was 'hooked' from the first book.  Mma Ramotswe is a gentle, kind, and observant woman.  Through the book, the author writes his love for Africa.  Mma Ramotswe loves Botswana and helps the readers to love it, too.  I could find nothing 'bad' in the books, nothing that I would have wished was not written.  Pretty rare for a whole series!  I recommend this series being read in the public schools.
1577314808|2.0|This book at first glance is seductive, but the more I read, the more it sounded like a new age version of Buddhism.      Perhaps, the author found enlightenment (or at least he thinks he did), but I don't think the exercises in this book are going to help 99% of the readers.      In Buddhism, there are similar tales of sudden enlightenment, but people who can attain enlightenment that way are very rare.      In Buddhism, there are also many stories of people who think they are enlightened who are not.  They have one shallow enlightenment experience, and they think they are fully enlightened but are not.  Not that I am necessarily saying this about the author, but people who are enlightened don't usually go around announcing it.  They look and act like normal people.      This book has some good ideas.  Like I said before, it is the new age version of Buddhism.  Also, the author's assertions about other religions are sometimes erroneous.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|I concur with what has been said before (especially by Bullard and Padillo).  I missed the first season and my interest was piqued by the promo announcments that AMC was going to show all the Season #1 episodes back-to-back-to back, etc.    I stayed up that night and watched all the episodes.  I was hooked!  I made sure I saw the first episode of the 2nd season and watching BREAKING BAD became a Sunday night must do.      Kudos to AMC indeed.  That network should be commended for taking the chance to air this series.  I'm chomping at the bit for Season #3.  It's a great and compelling show.  Bryan Cranston is very deserving of his Emmy.  The character of the DEA agent and the dealer \\"Tuco\\" are and were outstanding pluses for the series.    I hope the 3rd season continues the high quality of this show.
B000FVNX2Q|2.0|The user guide for this calculator is obviously either written for another model, or by a tech writer who has serious problems. In many instances when Keystroke Examples are provided, if you key in the information as indicated the calculator will simply give up and provide an error message.     The machine works fine if you just address it intuitively after you have trashed the guide book.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Classic movie... I've wanted to own this for a long time.  So happy, so pleased w/added features... clips of David Bowie, Jim Henson, etc.  Just awesome!!!!
0385341008|5.0|This book has heart, with a generous dollop of intellect thrown in. It's the story of a young woman  named Juliet Ashton who has had a mild success penning humorous essays about everyday life during WWII in England and is now casting about for a new topic.  Out of the blue she receives a letter from a man named Dawsey  Adams from Guernsey (located in the islands in the English channel between England and France) who writes that by a strange coincidence he recently bought a used copy of the essays by the English writer Charles Lamb. The used book has her name on the inside cover, and she realizes it was a copy of the book she had had to sell when she moved to a smaller flat. Dawsey writes with heartfelt pleasure about how the book opened the world of reading to him, and Juliet, deeply touched, muses, \\"I wonder how the book got to Guernsey? Perhaps there is some sort of secret homing instinct in books that brings them to their perfect readers.\\"<br /><br />Yes, this is a book about readers and reading, the thrill of discovering books, the deep satisfaction of sharing those discoveries with others. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is formed, however, not from a love of books but through a sudden need to create a plausible reason why several of the Guernsey Islanders are caught outside after curfew.  The curfew had been imposed by the Germans who had invaded the island, hoping to use it as a jumping off point for the ultimate invasion of Briton.  The islanders, at first hopeful that Briton would come to their rescue, realize pretty quickly that the British have their hands full defending their own island from the increasingly deadly German air attacks.  For the remainder of the war the Guernsey islanders suffered terrible hardships and loss of life as they struggled to maintain some sanity and sense of normalcy, despite severe food shortages, harsh laws, and harsher punishments.<br /><br />But that is in the past, albeit the very immediate past, and the islanders are trying to rebound in a post war world.  Little by little Juliet is drawn into their world and sees in their courage, warmth, and robust common sense a life she can truly admire and share with her readers.  But the course of writing, like true love, is often rocky and torturous, and Juliet gets her share of both.<br /><br />I won't say anymore, except this is a book to be read, if possible, in one day.  There's a breathlessness about the prose that propels you along at lightening speed, and it seems too frustrating to have to put the book down for long.  So set aside a day, or a weekend, if you can, to do little else than read this book.e trying to rebound in a post war world.  Little by little Juliet is drawn into their world and sees in their courage, warmth, and robust common sense a life she can truly admire and share with her readers.  But the course of writing, like true love, is often rocky and torturous, and Juliet gets her share of both.      I won't say anymore, except this is a book to be read, if possible, in one day.  There's a breathlessness about the prose that propels you along at lightening speed, and it seems too frustrating to have to put the book down for long.  So set aside a day, or a weekend, if you can, to do little else than read this book.
0671646788|5.0|Great buy. Everything was as promised. The book was near perfect.  Came in about 6 days. Great read as well.
B001TH16DI|1.0|The movies are great ... this transfer to blu-ray is not.  It is a shame to even call these Star Trek movies on blu-ray because they have not been enhanced to match the high-def quailty blu-ray provides.  Save your money ... or better yet ... buy the First Season of the original Star Trek series on blu-ray.  The entire season is enhanced, even the music re-recorded, graphics enhanced ... a true work of art restoring the entire season.  Whatever \\"bean counter\\" executive decided to release these Star Trek movies WITHOUT enhancing the films to match the enhanced technology of blu-ray should be fired.  Releasing these great films to look ordinary on an extrordinary format shows no understanding of sci-fi, technology or the fan base. ...and by the way ... even the packaging is cheap and began falling apart the day after I got it.
0385340990|2.0|I joined a book club at my local library and this book was \\"assigned\\".  I forced myself to finish it, \\"fast reading\\" it, just skimming the final pages.  The few pages I enjoyed were the very serious and moving experiences of the Guernsey Islanders under the Nazi occupation.  If you want to write a book about that, then write a book about that!  Don't throw in these frivolous distractions and light-hearted nonsense that kept interrupting the real story!  It was so disjointed and frazzled.  I couldn't get into it and recommend you don't even bother trying!
0743497465|1.0|I am an avid reader and generally not too picky.  This was the first book in years that I gave away without having finished it.  I started and put it down several times.  After about 6 months I had only read about half of it and was dreading the need to finish.  I came to realize that I just did not like the book.  The plot was too unbelievable and I did not care much for the characters.  I have read other books by the author and could not put them down.  This one just missed the mark in my opinion.
B00000GAIW|1.0|What is this? It has that terrible mismatch between the loud and quiet parts and just sounds overall lousy. I mean, this is Aqualung. Cuts from this on other issues sound fine. Also, I noticed this does not have liner notes written by Ian. Why? Is that because he does not endorse this terrible issue. I waited for it go on sale, and now it's just a smaller ripp off than it would have been...unbelievable....
6305510016|5.0|This a great movie! If you like Titanic and don't care for special features this is a great buy! If you want special features then but the 10 year anniversary edition.
B00005QGAX|5.0|I am a regular customer of Amazon. I am consistantly pleased with the body of music that is available. I have found every single cd I have searched for. Pricing is great and delivery very timely. I recomment Amazon to anyone looking for music catalogs from any artist. You guys are the bomb !  James Smith
0393061310|4.0|This is a remarkable and thought-provoking book, full of insights into our past.<br /><br />At the end of the last ice age, in 11,000 BC, all peoples on all the continents were hunter-gatherers. Why the great subsequent differences? Biology? Different genetic endowments? No, it is not a matter of racial differences - there is only one human race, as Diamond shows.<br /><br />Why did bronze tools appear early in parts of Eurasia, but late and only locally in the New World, and never in aboriginal Australia? Diamond answers that environmental geography lays down the conditions of economic and social development.<br /><br />Eurasia is the world's largest and most diverse landmass. Diamond shows how its larger stock of domestic plants and animals gave it the lead, starting in southwest Asia's Fertile Crescent. Big-seeded annual cereals, like wheats (emmer and einkorn) and barley, were easy to domesticate, and Eurasia's wheats have a higher protein content than East Asia's rice or the New World's corn.<br /><br />Eurasia also had the largest number of wild mammalian species, 72 candidates for domestication. There were 14 ancient species of big herbivorous domestic animals: 13 were confined to Eurasia, one to South America. There were none in North America, Australia or sub-Saharan Africa. Eurasia had the unique combination of domesticable animals - sheep, goats, cows, pigs and dogs. Also, Eurasia's east-west axis enabled a swifter spread of crops and livestock across its 10,000-mile band of temperate latitudes.<br /><br />The ultimate cause of progress - food production - led to the proximate causes - germs, literacy, technology and centralised government. Guns, germs and steel are power factors.<br /><br />But Diamond underestimates how empires seized their given advantages to attack, conquer and exploit other less fortunate peoples. And he tends to justify the current inequitable world order, as when he writes of, \\"revolts ... promising less oppression ... all the misery still being caused by such struggles in the modern world.\\"ry still being caused by such struggles in the modern world.\\"
B000SO7OM0|5.0|I have to rate this artist and this collection as the most amazing music purchase I have ever made.  Virtually a spiritual...ethereal experience.  True artistry...no more can be said nor need be...
B000RZGIOA|4.0|Sometimes, being a legend in something doesn't guarantee success. That certainly is the case of John Woo, a legendary director in Asia, who has made some really influential action films like Hard Boiled and Ichi the Killer. Many of his films are strong influences on today's crop of action directors and actors. When news came out that he was heading to Hollywood, everyone got excited. But in the end, Face/Off is the only one of the films he made in the U.S. that really made an impact. Which is a weird thing, since this film is without a doubt, the most far-fetched project Woo did in the U.S. and probably in his whole career.<br /><br />The film's plot tells it all: FBI agent Sean Archer(Travolta) finally captures his long time nemesis, Castor Troy(Cage), the man who killed his son; but learns he has left a parting gift in the form of a bomb somewhere in LA. In order to stop him, Archer takes the face of Troy (who is in a comma)and \\"becomes\\" Troy in order to get the information he needs to stop the bomb. While he is doing that. Castor wakes up(sans face) and forces the surgeons who turned Archer into Troy to turn him into Archer and then destroys all evidence of it happening. The main characters have in fact, switched places. Troy now living with Archer's wife and daughter and Archer hiding within Troy's underworld contacts. Plenty of action ensues. Confused? I understand.<br /><br />As far out and impossible as all this sounds, Woo makes it work. For length of the film you have no problem believing it is possible to turn someone like John Travolta into someone like Nic Cage. The reason for this is that both actors give themselves completely to their roles. Travolta truly shines, first establishing the tortured Archer, then having a blast copying the over the top intensity that Cage infused into the character of Castor Troy. Same thing with Cage. Though we only see him in the beggining as Troy, but it is more than enough for Cage to bring him to life. In 15 minutes, he projects every ounce of decadence and arrogance of the character. Which makes it the more fun when Travolta takes over and vice-versa. It is this interaction that makes this film successful despite the moon crater-like holes in this story. After all, the whole reason the whole convulted plot was concieved, was to explore the duality of good and evil within each of us. Incredibly, it succeeds.<br /><br />Of course, this being a Woo film, there is plenty of action and gun-play. All of the trademarked Woo-isms are here: plenty of gun to gun stand-offs, churches, white doves and enough slow-motion to satisfy the hardcore Woo fans. Woo makes action look like a flowing dance and this film is no exception. The brutality and chaos of some scenes offset by slow-mo shots that makes everything flow. The beggining and end sequences are particuarly noteworthy.<br /><br />The tranfer to High Def is pretty decent. It lacks the sharpness and detail of recent films but a lot of that has to do woth the age of the film. On the other hand, many older films have had better transfers than this one so it is probably a combination of age and a not-so-awsome job on the transfer. Having said that, this is quite simply, the best this film has looked on Home Video. Certainly superior to every DVD release of this film.<br /><br />Face/Off is a great and entertaining film despite its flaws. The fact that you are able to really enjoy it even with the out-of-this world premise, is a testament to Woo, Cage, Travolta and the entire cast of this film. An awsome action film that looks great on Blu-Ray.ounce of decadence and arrogance of the character. Which makes it the more fun when Travolta takes over and vice-versa. It is this interaction that makes this film successful despite the moon crater-like holes in this story. After all, the whole reason the whole convulted plot was concieved, was to explore the duality of good and evil within each of us. Incredibly, it succeeds.    Of course, this being a Woo film, there is plenty of action and gun-play. All of the trademarked Woo-isms are here: plenty of gun to gun stand-offs, churches, white doves and enough slow-motion to satisfy the hardcore Woo fans. Woo makes action look like a flowing dance and this film is no exception. The brutality and chaos of some scenes offset by slow-mo shots that makes everything flow. The beggining and end sequences are particuarly noteworthy.    The tranfer to High Def is pretty decent. It lacks the sharpness and detail of recent films but a lot of that has to do woth the age of the film. On the other hand, many older films have had better transfers than this one so it is probably a combination of age and a not-so-awsome job on the transfer. Having said that, this is quite simply, the best this film has looked on Home Video. Certainly superior to every DVD release of this film.     Face/Off is a great and entertaining film despite its flaws. The fact that you are able to really enjoy it even with the out-of-this world premise, is a testament to Woo, Cage, Travolta and the entire cast of this film. An awsome action film that looks great on Blu-Ray.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|This  will become a treasure in my collection.  The concept of uniting people through the common bond of music and  inspiring performances by musicians all over the world make this an outstanding package.
B0018YIFEK|4.0|I can't say that I LOVED this novel; its theme and message are much too serious for that. However, I did enjoy reading about this family struggling with issues far more complex than most of us will ever have to consider.<br /><br />Kate, a precious 2-year-old is diagnosed with a particularly aggressive type of leukemia, and to help prolong her life, her parents decide to have another child to serve as an organ donor. If that sounds a little brutal, that's because, to me, that's how Sara, the sisters' mother comes across. EVERTHING is about keeping Kate alive, even if it means physical pain to Anna and emotional pain to Jesse, her son.  Towards the end, even the relationship between Sara and her husband Brian is strained. The family is being torn about by this ongoing saga of sickness and the mother's obsession with keeping Kate alive regardless of the cost to everyone, even Kate.<br /><br />The reader, including me, feels compassion for young Anna as she bravely contacts a lawyer and sues for the medical rights to her own body.  While it might seem selfish on the surface, you have to stop and ask yourself at what point does one stand up and say, \\"ENOUGH!\\"  Parents are supposed to take care of all of their children, not blatantly show favoritism.  Beginning with cord blood and ending with a bone marrow transplant and lots of other procedures in-between, Anna is now being asked to donate a kidney to prolong her sister's life.<br /><br />As I neared the end of the novel, I began to see Sara and Brian in a different light. What an impossible situation they were in. Still, nothing could have prepared me for the real story, one you won't know about until you read Picoult's  My Sister's Keeper.
B002F6FQGK|5.0|I think I can safely say this is my favorite album of 2009. I was totally enthralled after listening to \\"Rabbit Heart\\" and I made the mistake of thinking it was just a great single off a probably mediocre album. I couldn't have been more wrong.    The soundscape for most of the songs is very broad, giving the album a wall of sound type feel. If you can imagine Imogen Heap & Regina Spektor combined along with a ton of instruments (stringed instruments, drums, clapping, etc) in the background, you'll kind of have an idea of what this album is like.    Also, some of the songs have dark themes, but are sung in an upbeat pop style. This kind of juxtaposition will have you singing happily along to the lyrics with a wicked grin on your face (prime examples are \\"Kiss with a Fist\\" & \\"My Boy Builds Coffins\\").
B001TOD9VI|5.0|THE WRESTLER was a complete surprise. I have never been a fan of Mickey Rouke until now. This film is gritty, heart-wrenching, and a powerful piece of cinema. I cannot recommend this movie enough to any film lover. Mickey Rouke and Marissa Tomei embodie their roles and capture their protrayl with multiple levels of a master craftsman. The story, which is probaly relayed in mutiple reviews follows a once notorious wrester, protrayed by Rouke, who is failing in health due to the failing physical health of his body due to \\"hard living\\" and steriods. Tomei protrays a single mom who is working as a stripper. These two individuals have been beaten down by the hard realities of life, and yet are still in search of one ultimate goal--love. In so many ways, this is love story and a powerful one at that. This film should have taken the Oscar award for Best Picture, Best Director, Actor, and Support Actress, and there is no question about it. As far as the film and the script, they are cutting edge, and raw. I would strongly suggest the purchase of this film for any collection. It is by far the best of the films recently offered which is a rehash and recycling of stories that we so often seen. I would say, that not since MIDNIGHT COWBOY has a film tackle such raw emotions, and fleshed them out in a spectacular way. YOU MUST GET THIS FILM. Not at all for younger audiances. But I would say that it is a good testimony for how decisions can affect our lives, and how in each of our lives we reach the point of no return. For example, drug abuse, parenthood, and aimless line of sexual partners which all lead to a dead end destination. I am whole heartedly a HUGE fan of Rouke and Tomei.
1594202249|5.0|Kind of \\"The Big Fix\\" (Roger Simon) crossed with \\"Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up To Me\\" (Richard Farina) with a bit of Carl Hiasson's attitude.  Oh, and a touch of Elmore Leonard to boot.  Since Pynchon wrote the forward for Farina's book, not too surprising that some of Gnossos has crept in here.  But he also has lots of Moses Wine's despair for the end of the 60's (albeit from a slightly different angle).  Pretty good read.  Chandler on really good Thai sticks dipped in opium would be my take on the style.  Try it (the book, I mean), it's worth your time.
B000062TU1|5.0|Thanks for a great purchase.  DVD was a great price and came fast.  The DVD had never even been unwrapped.  Thanks again.  Would purchase from you again!
B001GCUER0|5.0|Mad Men is really the only show worth watching.  This addict was none to happy to have Amazon deliver season two in about three days.  Am completely happy and very satisfied.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|Lady and the Tramp is one of the classic Disney movies of all time.  One cannot help but fall in love w/Tramp, Lady and all their other friends.  This movie is full of fun and laughs and love.  Must see Disney movie for young and old, alike.
B001D2AYCI|3.0|I just read about this in Sound & Vision magazine (Sept 09).  According to the reviewer... \\"How black (read: awful) is this Sabbath in the 1974 quad mix of its 1970 masterpiece? Let me count the ways: instruments that leap between channels, excessive vocal reverb, muffled sonics overall\\"...\\"the repurposing for DTS 5.1 on DVD-Video (not DVD-Audio, as the package misleads)\\".  Reviewer gave this a 1/5 stars for the surround mix, but compliments it on the bonus disc with instrumental versions of the album and a great booklet.
0385751893|4.0|One of the easiest reads I have had in a while, and told in such a beautiful way also. Maybe at time with too much innocence. Great sub-plots without going into too much detail and information, though some of it could have been interesting to delve in to, possibly the forbidden romance between the mother and the young Nazi. It wasn't and ending that I particularly was expecting, though in a way it was and one of the most moving endings to a book that I have ever read.
0439023483|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. I'd even go as far as to say it is one of my very favorites! It's got everything: murder, action, suspense, mystery, romance, adventure, and probably more! I wanted to try to draw it out until the second book of this series comes out, but I just absolutely couldn't put it down. I haven't read this much in one day since Harry Potter. I'm even thinking of rereading it, despite the fact that I *never* reread books!
1594202249|5.0|Oh my, the English Majors are not going to like this at all. Thomas Pynchon continues on his devastating tear through the genres of American Fiction (Against the Day....great science fiction) and takes on the mystery/detective novel in spectacular fashion. Hollywood concept speak: it's a cross between Reginald Hill and Elmore Leonard, with a bit of Carl Hiassen thrown in for humor. The writing is glorious, with musical notes, cultural references, and inside jokes galore. The characters are among the most accessible that Pynchon has ever created. This could be a best seller, if it wasn't by Pynchon, who scares too many people away with just his reputation. It's a great beach read, and great go-to-bed-with book, and even a great airplane read. Pynchon is writing better than ever. The book has a constant undercurrent of humorous observations on the wild and wonderful world of 1970. I hope Pynchon has at least five more books like this one in him.
0307450570|5.0|There are so many creative ideas! I have many crafty projects planned for Xmas gifts!
B000022TSY|5.0|If you want to get firsthand knowledge of how this movie was made, read Peter Fonda's autobiography \\"Don't Tell Dad\\". The story of how Dennis Hopper drove everybody NUTS while the movie was being made will actually make you laugh right out loud at times. Plus, in addition to the movie being a classic, I really enjoyed Peter's book. It was nice to get to know him and his family.
0060899220|4.0|Debauchery; in the 70's, 80's and well into the 90's the antics and soul mutilation described in this book were a lot more common. you can't live like that forever but it's still a pirate ship. A new generation of chefs have brought a new level of respectability (or intolerance) to the line. There are still a lot of pothead alcoholic cooks and bartenders but not as much dope smoking in the walk-in and a lot less coke.  My favorite chapter in the book is towards the end when he lights his first cigarette at 6am and starts planning his menu, his day, who's gonna do what, that's the way it is now. And the love of food, it's the love of what you do that gets you through those days when the kitchen is 115 degrees and you have to fight for a place to work and you find the dish person in the alley using your best knife for a screwdriver.  A must read for parents considering paying their child's way through culinary school and for any mid-life career changers.
B000SUKPKM|5.0|This is an awesome album!  It's my favorite and if you like Goo Goo Dolls I highly recommend this album.
B0000C3I6U|4.0|Long before classics like Predator, Commando, & Total Recall Arnold was simply known as the funny sounding 5 time Mr. Olympia champion/ ultimate meat stick. Pumping Iron is a documentary about the world of competitive weightlifting as Arnold takes on the Incredible Hulk in a protein laden feats of strength like no other. Being bizarre and hilarious all at once Sid watched in amazement at the homo-erotic battle of muscles. There were numerous times you felt as if Arnold's competition was going to try to make a sexy time with him right on the Gold's Gym floor. The way his bulky admirers would watch do hammer curls was easily some of the strangest footage to date in Sid's movie watching history.<br /><br />All in all Pumping Iron was a hilarious Arnold experience that just couldn't be taken seriously in any sense. For the true body builder this film has to be something viewed on a weekly basis in hopes of feeling \\"The Pump,\\" or as motivation before you hit Gold's for an afternoon of back and biceps. The only thing missing from this viewing was a chocolate Peanut butter whey protein shake, 3 pounds of turkey breast, and four boiled potatoes. We've heard there is talk about releasing a collectors edition version which will come welded in a 25lb Kettlebell with a coupon for 50 free pounds of Perdue hormone free chicken breast. On that note we feel we had to change the rating system for Pumping Iron from stars to steroid injections, giving our feature of the evening an enthusiastic 4 steroid injections out of 5.
B000UG78NG|5.0|laying the groundwork for an epic tale can be tricky. rothfuss manages to capture the confusion of adolecence without seeming whiney. i look forward to reading more of his legendry tale
B00243FQFA|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyed watching this season of Atlantis. It is such a shame it is the last season but look forward to upcoming Stargate Atlantis films.
0470477237|5.0|Socialnomics is a must read! Whether you are new to social media or an expert, Qualman does a great job of showcasing via great story telling how business and people can leverage social media now and in the future. Believe this may be as ground breaking as Chris Anderson's \\"The Long Tail.\\"
B00275EGX8|5.0|I'm really happy that a theater next to my house started carrying this movie, I wanted to see it so bad, but figured I'd have to wait until it was on Blu-Ray or DVD (come on blu!!!!).  I was going into the movie expecting it to be very political/biased, and therefore making me dislike it (like Jarhead). There were a few moments where you can tell that a writer/director were trying to get their personal opinion across...but that was very minimal...and I'll let you be the judge WHEN YOU SEE IT!!! As a service member, I was really impressed with how they were able to portray the suspense/stress involved in being in those situations.  It's still just a movie, but as far as sitting in a theater, it feels as real as possible.  I'm glad my EOD brethren are getting some notice through this film, they work their butts off, and deserve a little bit of spotlight.  They are unsung heros, and although this movie isn't all sunshine and roses, it gives one an appreciation of they job they do.  Excellent movie, I love it, I may sneak off and see it again tonight.
B000I0QM0E|1.0|Love the movie...    I thought my player was busted and had to try other Blu rays to make sure. I feel I got ripped off, my DVD version looks better.    bah
B001OQCV9M|3.0|Just saw this with my daughter and her friends - budding cooks - they loved it but the laughs and appreciation were for Stanley Tucci and Meryl Streep.  They really could have gotten ride of the Julie aspect of the story altogther and JUST done a movie based on Julia Child's life!  That would have been more interesting
0316776963|2.0|A #1 national bestseller, I was drawn to this book by word of mouth, but was convinced to buy it thanks to the well put-together David Sedaris table found at Barnes & Noble.  You know how busy I have been, so it took me a while to get to this book in my very large pile.  I've had it since December and I feel very accomplished to have it completed.     David Sedaris is a man who grew up in South Carolina before moving around the United States to San Francisco, Chicago and New York before ending up in Paris, France.  Me Talk Pretty One Day is his memoir of trying to grow up and find his place as an individual.  Dreaming of hitting it big and becoming famous, Sedaris has it rough as a child already recognizing himself as a homosexual at the age of eleven.  Sent to speech pathology for a lisp, and suspecting that others like him are also being sent to kick out more than just the lisp, Sedaris searches for a way to become comfortable with himself.  It is hard when even his guitar instructor turned him away for singing showtunes, but he eventually made some type of progress, if you can call it that.  Constantly moving from city to city, job to job, Sedaris has been a personal assistant for a woman obsessed with catching a lost cockatoo for a reward and has moved the boxes of enough variable people to get a better understanding of the confusing human race.  Leading to a life in Paris with his boyfriend Hugh, Sedaris finds some sense of security.     I found this memoir to be enjoyable to read, but I was hoping that it would be more like a novel.  Especially in Part One (Sedaris's portion devoted to living in the United States), the author jumps around between both random topics and time periods.  It seemed as if he was jumping to the places that would give him the appearance of a misunderstood artist sitting in a nest of human hair or a troubled young adult with a flair for drug use.  I wasn't hip to the \\"edge\\" Sedaris was trying to portray because it just left the tale jagged and rough.  I was hoping for more of something like his first chapter in speech class but was left disappointed until Part Deux.  Part Deux (you guessed it, Sedaris's portion devoted to living in France) is a much more enjoyable, less edgy storyline that flows much better than the jumpy Part One.  Finally returning to anything relating to his title (Me Talk Pretty One Day) since the first chapter, Sedaris talks about his adventures in France learning the language and trying to communicate and exist in a foreign country.  He finds himself defending the United States at dinner parties, being the scapegoat for America-hating Europeans, and fascinated by American tourists who speak negatively about him in English without knowing he can understand everything they are saying.  This is a much better section of the memoir, so please make sure you plow through Part One to get to it.  I was disappointed, though, on the seemingly lack of a general ending.  Unless you count the fact that some of his family who could afford the trip came to France to celebrate Christmas as an ending, it is hard to find when the last chapter is really devoted to Sedaris's father's quirk of buying and hiding fruit past its expiration date.     I found this book enjoyable and it was nice to have to pass the time.  I have said that Part Deux was exponentially better than Part One for storyline and chronological factors, but let me continue to say that I would only read this for bare entertainment.  I can only see reading this to pass the time. It did and I had fun, but I cannot see reading this for any higher purpose because it seems that by the last page of this novel, the author is still searching for any shred of purpose and therefore has nothing to offer the reader besides his version of daydreams he has while staying awake after switching to caffinated tea instead of drugs.  It's fun as long as you just stay on the surface, as the author seems to do.  Success for its wit, comedy and pointof view, I can understand the limited crowd it has drawn while still making the work a national bestseller.     \\"The worth of a book is to be measured by what you can carry away from it.\\"  -James Bryce
B00006F7S4|5.0|When I first purchased this album, I had not heard any of the tracks, but assumed it would be something in a similar vein to Odelay!.  I was very suprised at the first hearing of this album, and a bit disappointed that it was not in a similar style.  However, after listening a few more times, I have decided that this album is a more personal (and much less surreal) work than Odelay!, but no less compelling.  Don't expect to hear anything like Where It's At, but expect another great album from Beck!
B000EAT246|5.0|If you like helicopters, then this movie is a must-see! It combines comedy with some suspense, fantasy (don't we all wish we could fly a silent helicopter that never needs re-fueling, that can see through walls, record our enemy plotting to kill us, onboard computer that we can just type in a name and get all that persons' information... and steal the helicopter right off the police helipad with no consequences?!) and action! The plot is about a police helicopter pilot Frank (Roy Scheider) who's getting in trouble at work for spying on women in the police heli, ha ha, but is chosen to pilot a new attack-helicopter that can do pretty much anything... Blue Thunder. In a nutshell, he and his JAFO (Daniel Stern) take the helicopter for a nice evening flight and stumble across a disturbing plot by Thunder's THOR organization (led by Frank's Vietnam War enemy, Malcolm McDowell), which is to use Blue Thunder for much more than what was intended for this helicopter (police surveillance and riot-control). I don't want to give the entire movie away, but Frank gets caught in the middle of the evil plot and teams up with the super-copter to save his own skin... with a little help from his lady friend (Candy Clark)!   A very entertaining movie!
1400034779|5.0|Nice slow pace. Very relaxing and entertaining. Different from the usual mystery in many ways.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I recieved my order very quickly and it was exactly what I ordered. I LOVE this set!This was one of the best shows on TV and I can't express how happy I am to own it in it's entirety.  The ordering process was super easy, I was very impressed with the price and I was absolutely thrilled with the service i recieved.  Thank you so much.
1416562605|1.0|I HATED THIS BOOK ALL ALONG  BUT FINISHED IT BECAUSE AS IT WON THE BOOKER I THOUGHT IT WOULD GET BETTER NEAR THE END BUT IT DID NOT  THIS BOOK WON AS DID MASTERS OF LITTERATURE SUCH AS   NAIPUL  MC EWAN  RUSHDIE  COETZEE  AMIS  ISHIGURO  ETC  SO WHY ADIGA?  SO I STARTED READING THE REVIEWS PUT ON THE NET BY MOST MAJOR NEWSPAPERS  I MUST HAVE BEEN DREAMING WHEN I READ A REVIEW COMPARING ADIGA WITH DICKENS  POOR ADIGA NEVER TAKES OFF THE FILTHY GROUND OF INDIA AND REMAINS IN HIS DAY TO DAY PETTY PROBLEMS  IN ANOTHER REVIEW HE IS CALLED A PHILOSOPHER.  WHAT A PHILOSOPHY IS IT TO KILL A CHILD ON THE ROAD AND NOT STOP TO HELP  AND LATER TO KILL ONE 'S BOSS AND FLEE?  IT MEANS THAT LIFE IS WORTHLESS IN INDIA AND IT IS SAD.  I ALSO READ IN ANOTHER REVIEW THAT ADIGA IS A FINE STORY TELLER.  IS HE? IF A STORY IS WHAT IS COPIED FROM THE NOTES OF THE DIARY OF A MARTIAN VISITING INDIA  AND WRITING CANDID REMARKS ON THIS STRANGE ENVIRONMENT  AS FOR THE PREMIER OF CHINA TO WHOM THE BOOK IS ADDRESSED WHY HIM? IT IS HARD TO SEE A RELATIONSHIP  BETWEEN ADIGA AND WEN JIABAO.  TO CONCLUDE THIS LONG REVIEW.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME READING THIS BOOK.
0439023483|4.0|Kind of like an extended version of the short story \\"Most Dangerous Game.\\" The world has ended, set in the future, yadda yadda yadda.    But.    The tyranical capitol of the country \\"Panem\\" every year plucks one boy and one girl from each of the twelve poor districts and locks them all in an outdoor arena.    Last one alive wins.    This is the districts' punishment for rising up against the capitol some seventy years before the book starts.    So then we have Katniss Everdeen, age 16, who is sent off. She is from the least pleasent district- district twelve. In 73 years, that district has had 2 winners.    But there is also Peeta, the boy who was sent with her. He tells the press he is in love with Katniss, but she just assumes it is a plot to get sponsors- a plot that seems to be working.    And as Katniss enteres the Games- killing, running, and making alliances with other competitors- she gets The Bug. The Bug to defty the capitol and show them that she is more than an animal to be killed for their entertainment.     The main problem with this book was that it was told in the first person, taking away the will-she-die suspense. There is an unspoken rule against killing people when you're writing in the first person. And Katniss's character seems a little flat- she is too good of an archer and a woodsman.     The beginning drags on a little, in a just-get-to-the-good-part-already! kind of way.    Still an interesting and good book, and one that I have read several times over. I will be waiting for the sequel.
0307269981|3.0|**** WARNING! SPOILERS!***<br /><br />Alright, on the plus side: a compelling heroine. You'd like to give Salander a hug, but you know she'd probably knee you in the groin if you did. Besides, you'd cut yourself in several places. But, Lisbeth, a boob job? WTH? Did Blumqvist tossing you over in the first book make you do that? I mean, if it was part of your attempt to disguise yourself, I could see it... Salander with body image issues? Doesn't ring true.<br /><br />Now, for the bad stuff:<br /><br />1) Clunky translation- not as bad as GWTDT, but still jarring in places.<br /><br />2) Strangely passive, unappealing hero, who still manages to bed virtually every woman in the story- the author's idealized self?<br /><br />3) Shaggy dog plot. Outlandish, like the first book. Too many coincidences and red herrings. When you get to the \\"Terminator\\" riff near the end, make sure no one is sitting directly in front of you, because you'll toss the book across the room. Also,to paraphrase a remark originally directed at Yassir Arafat, when it comes to suspense, the author never misses an oportunity to miss an oportunity. And, the explanation for Salander's history, and \\"all that evil\\", is a real let-down. I'd imagined something much worse, to cause her fractured personality.<br /><br />Ah well. Will I read the next one when it comes out? Definitely! Book Two is a tick better than Book One. Maybe the next one will be an improvement also. These are beach reads, after all. Besides, I want to see what Salander's up to next, implants and all.
0375836675|1.0|As a great lover of The Book Thief this was a great dissapointment.    It started off hallarious. The description of Ed and his friend Marvin in the bank were great, and really gave you a sense for their character. I love how everyone kept poking fun at Marv's car. That was the best part of the whole book by far.    Then, suddenly, he's getting playing cards in the mail with adresses and cryptic clues on them. He is supposed to \\"help\\" the people on the cards. So he goes and keeps an old woman company, buys a woman an ice cream cone, and shoots a rapist.    Um, right.    It seemed like Zusak had a few ideas, then made up the rest off the top of his head.    Buying a woman an ice cream cone? Seriously? It got to the point where I was just thinking 'complete the card so we can move on already'.     Then we learn about how his mom hates him because he looks like his dad and how his best friend Audrey is basically a whore.    You know, I could care less about what Audrey chooses to do with her sex life. He doesn't give us any reason to care about Audrey. She's just there to make Ed seem even more pathetic.    And then it has a completly unrealistic, random, improbable ending that makes no sense. None. Nada. Zilch.    My god. I don't know how this got published. It's dripping with morals- be nice to people, don't give up, things that adults have tried to drill into us from a very young age. And he should at least disguise them more carefully.    Oh, and some creeper mastermind is watching- and videotaping!- his every move, making sure he does the cards. Well, if the creeper is going to all that effort, why doesn't he just do it himself?    And then the mastermind behind everything says something to Ed that made me want to scream \\"then what was the point of this book!\\", but, on the off chance you want to READ it, I won't reveal what that was.    Don't let the amazingly great beginning fool you.
B0000640VO|5.0|I love Amelie.  It is my favorite movie of all time, and I'm a Netflix fiend to boot.  She's sweet, curious, funny, utterly without self-importance, and really really pretty.  It's the only movie I've willingly watched more than once.  For the literati (cinemerati?) out there, who are disappointed by the movie's lack of grittiness...eat it!  For a different perspective, check out the dude's review below mine, and then click on his other reviews and be prepared to see a lot of one star ratings.
B002E2QHBS|4.0|This item has been discontinued by the manufacturer? What the #$&!.  It says Audio CD Aug 11 and then it says original CD release date Aug 18 ???<br /><br />Is this even out yet or not?<br /><br />Did all of you reviewers here buy a copy from Amazon or elsewhere?<br /><br />I was reading the reviews to get a better feel so to see if I should buy it or not and then I go back up to see how much it is and I see \\"This item has been discontinued by the manufacturer\\" so I must say that I am confooooosed.  Oh well Maybe someone here can pipe in with some info.  Rock on and peace brothers and sisters.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Easy to follow DVD and just an awesome workout!  Doesn't require a lot of time; only 20 minutes (as promised).  Using it for a few weeks and seeing results already.
0307460444|4.0|I love to look at this book!   I was so excited to see recipes for making your own frosting, especially the rich chocolaty ones.   However I made the chocolate sour cream one and even though it was delicious it was way too runny.  We froze it and had great fudge :)  I was totally planning on buying this book for my cake decorator daughter but then when the recipe wasn't perfect....  I'm sure I'll be checking it out often from the library for great party and bake sale ideas.  YUM!
B000002BQK|5.0|1997 was a great year for R&B music. Mary J. Blige traded in her signature gritty, raw street sounds for more glossy, glistening grooves on Share My World. Janet Jackson tackled her demons and fed her never satisfied libido on the masterpiece The Velvet Rope. Then there's Mariah Carey. From 1990 to 1996, she was the darling of the pop and adult contemporary charts with hits like Vision of Love, Hero, Dreamlover, and Emotions. She dabbled in hip hop with the ODB assisted remix of Fantasy with great success. By the time she recorded Butterfly, she dove right in and the results are amazing.<br /><br />Honey was the first single and the video introduced fans to a freer, \\"scantily ensembled\\" Mariah. Riding on a bouncy beat and funky piano, it's no surprise that it went straight to number one. Puff Daddy (or is it Puffy or P. Diddy?) was a much better producer back in the day.<br /><br />Of course Butterfly references the ending of Mariah's marriage to former Sony head Tommy Mottola. According to her, she felt stifled in both their business and private relationship and escaped in order to be herself. Rather than singing from her perspective, she takes on the view of a person who has tried to keep someone all to themselves, but failed. She later confessed the lyrics were what she wished Tommy had said to her. Speaking of the lyrics, they're slightly cheesy in some parts, but the sad yet hopeful music, Mariah's soaring voice, and the gospel inspired background singers are the highlights.<br /><br />My All was the 2nd single and last number one hit from the album. Accompanied by a Spanish guitar and wistful violins, Mariah longs for her lover. \\"I'm thinking of you/In my sleepless solitude tonight/If it's wrong to love you/Then my heart just won't let me be right/Cuz I'm drowned in you and I won't pull through/Without you by my side.\\" The song builds to a great climax that's dramatic without drowning in too much melisma.<br /><br />The Roof is my absolute favorite of the whole album! Mobb Deep's The Shook Ones is sampled with a dark, mysterious backdrop and it sounds amazing. The plot is similar to My All, but this one is even better. \\"Everytime I feel the need/I envision you caressing me and go back in time/To relive the splendor of you and I/On the rooftop that rainy night.\\" Some of Mariah's best writing is found here (rhyming Moet and liberated is genius) and the video is perfect. Too bad it wasn't released as a single here in the States. I believe it would've been a hit with it's quiet storm feel. The dreamy Fourth of July is similar to Underneath the Stars on Daydream, but it's a bit more sensual. Very descriptive lyrics that tell a beautiful story. \\"Then you put your hand in mine/And we floated away/Delicately lay entwined/In an intimate daze/A crescent moon began to shine/And I wanted to stay/Tangled up with you among the fireflies/On that Fourth of July.\\"<br /><br />Who would have thought that Mariah would ever do a duet with Bone Thugs N Harmony and it would actually work? Certainly not me, but it does on Breakdown. You can hear birds chirping and some piano while Mariah somberly sings about putting on a brave face in front of her ex, but then breaking down in tears in private. The guys have a great rap that flows with the song and it's even longer on the remix. Amazing video too. Mimi gets her coo on with the mellow, late night jam Babydoll, produced by Missy Elliott(?!). She's waiting in her hotel room for her lover to show up, but he doesn't call or anything. She does get a lil' sensual with the lyrics (\\"Zonin' out/Thinkin' bout/You and me between the sheets\\"), but it's tame. Trey Lorenz adds a nice touch with the background vocals.<br /><br />Close My Eyes is a light yet slightly serious ballad about Mariah's childhood. She feels that she grew up too soon and is still in many ways \\"that wayward child as I look at the moon.\\" The soft piano and equally soft background vocals make this a highlight. I'm not really a fan of Whenever You Call. It's far from bad, but it slows the album down imo and it would fit better on any of her past albums. Still worth a listen.<br /><br />Sampling an Elton John song with a house beat, Fly Away (Butterfly Reprise) was the original version of Butterfly Mariah meant to record. However, she recorded the title track and kept this one short. She sings from her own perspective as a woman freeing herself from all restraints. Two thumbs up.<br /><br />Joined by Sisquo of Dru Hill, Mariah covers the Prince classic The Beautiful Ones. I've never heard the original so I can't compare, but this song is amazing. Some people might complain about the slow pace, but I love it since it builds and builds to a great ending. I bet Prince would be proud.<br /><br />Outside is a great finish. Mariah alludes to being an outsider because of her biracial heritage, but the lyrics are relatable to anybody who has ever felt left out because of who they are. \\"You'll always be somewhere on the outside.\\" Once again she builds up to a gospel-like ending.<br /><br />Although there's only one song I'm not that crazy about, the rest of the album is amazing. At the time of it's release, Butterfly was seen as too much of a departure from Mariah's early work and she lost a good chunk of her original fanbase. On the plus side, she was able to hook new ones who would've never given her a chance before and she managed to show her love for hip hop without sounding gimmicky. She'd stumble through her next few albums, but rise again with The Emancipation of Mimi. Let's not forget that this album led her to that emancipation.s the album down imo and it would fit better on any of her past albums. Still worth a listen.    Sampling an Elton John song with a house beat, Fly Away (Butterfly Reprise) was the original version of Butterfly Mariah meant to record. However, she recorded the title track and kept this one short. She sings from her own perspective as a woman freeing herself from all restraints. Two thumbs up.    Joined by Sisquo of Dru Hill, Mariah covers the Prince classic The Beautiful Ones. I've never heard the original so I can't compare, but this song is amazing. Some people might complain about the slow pace, but I love it since it builds and builds to a great ending. I bet Prince would be proud.    Outside is a great finish. Mariah alludes to being an outsider because of her biracial heritage, but the lyrics are relatable to anybody who has ever felt left out because of who they are. \\"You'll always be somewhere on the outside.\\" Once again she builds up to a gospel-like ending.     Although there's only one song I'm not that crazy about, the rest of the album is amazing. At the time of it's release, Butterfly was seen as too much of a departure from Mariah's early work and she lost a good chunk of her original fanbase. On the plus side, she was able to hook new ones who would've never given her a chance before and she managed to show her love for hip hop without sounding gimmicky. She'd stumble through her next few albums, but rise again with The Emancipation of Mimi. Let's not forget that this album led her to that emancipation.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|Although P. G. Wodehouse was certainly prolific the characters of Bertie Wooster and his faithful manservant Jeeves serve as the ideals for this very precise and very funny wordsmith.  Although most of the Wooster & Jeeves stories were filmed for TV, it was difficult to get all the seasons episodes in one place.  The library only had a few disconnected episodes at any given time.  This set was right priced and has supplied me with a few hours of some very large laughs.
0470477237|5.0|Great book, definitely in tune with the times.  Interesting read.  Definitely worthwhile even if you are not in business yourself.  It will help you to understand the way our world is changing.
B000J233SK|5.0|This is very new-world folk style music. It is filled with beautiful instruments, traditional Celtic drums, and haunting ancient tales. Her voice carries perfectly like a little birds floating over the tips of pounding trees and swaying on a foggy current of air. I recommend this music for alone time, putting kids to sleep, or dancing for relaxation.
B0013FNC38|5.0|Jason Mraz's We Sing, We Dance, We Steal Things is truly a masterpiece of creative rhymes and moving beats. I highly recommend this to all. To sing and dance along with. Not sure about the stealing though...
0060578793|5.0|If you are only going to have one survival handbook... make this it. I have a little collection of survival books now and this one is a must. No book has everything, but this one is pretty comprehensive and a terrific place to start. I refer to this book often. Survivalists and bushcraftsmen alike consider this a classic and Lofty a pioneer of this genre.
B001C4CI8U|4.0|The first episode of this show was barely watchable.  I did not watch this show again until about half way through the series.  Much to my surprise, I noticed that it had vastly improved and showed potential for the future.  Unlike many tv shows today, this does not have a major film star in the lead.  Assuming the show could get a major film star, the acting would probably be stronger.  Assuming the show can't get a major film star, then the actors they've got aren't worth changing.  They are basically doing the job. Anna Torv as the FBI agent and Joshua Jackson, as the mad scientist's son, are fine. Jackson reminds me a great deal of a young William Peterson (Gus Grissom in CSI), the way he was back in his TO LIVE AND DIE IN LA and MANHUNTER acting days.  If Jackson continues to develop that resemblance, he probably has a lock on this show.<br /><br />The best actor is John Noble, who plays Walter Bishop, the insane scientist who has been locked up in a mental institution for years.  The government now needs Walter Bishop because there are many strange things happening and he is the only person who may be able to figure it out.  If you remove this character/actor from the show, it would be like driving a stake through its heart.  He is critical to it.  He is also the only character with humor so far and these shows need comic relief in order to succeed.<br /><br />As I've come to grasp the essence of the show, leading edge scientific experiments have led to certain people being able to bend the dimensions of the universe, such as space, time, etc.,  Odd things are happening all over, which were at one time beyond the rules of physics.  One can only hope to fight these rips in the fabric of the physics of the universe by using the most brilliant scientist one can find.  Ergo, the use of Walter Bishop. Walter must be tended because he is NOT recovered from his mental break.  Thus, his son must babysit him plus an FBI agent must remain on top of the two of them constantly.<br /><br />The things which keep happening in the present day continue to get weirder and weirder and by the end of the show one is ready for some really big event.  The show delivers and leaves you waiting for season two.  I think this has very strong promise.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.ings which keep happening in the present day continue to get weirder and weirder and by the end of the show one is ready for some really big event.  The show delivers and leaves you waiting for season two.  I think this has very strong promise.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B001EYU1VO|5.0|Cyborg is an excellent joystick! The Base could be more heavy, but is very good, and I recommend to everyone that love simulators like Tom Clancys Hawks, or Flight Simulator!      Portuguese:  Pode comprar galera, é um joystick muito bom, a base poderia ser um pouco mais pesada, mas isso não impede de ser um excelente joy. Escolhi esse ao invés dos Logitechs, pois os Logs não duram nem um ano pelo que eu li nos reviews americanos. É uma excelente compra, e vem desmontado da base, para você carregar pra onde quiser com mais facilidade.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is a review of the season, not the packaging.    Just a little bit about my tastes. Usually I like to watch fantasy/sci-fi, and avoid shows like CSI or other bloody/macabre things, as it exacerbates my paranoia of death. But [[ASIN:B000Q6GUW0 Dexter: The First Season]] came highly recommended from a cousin, whose house was used during the second episode. That was well over 2 years ago. I had no interest in watching the show during that period of my life, as the subject matter was very disturbing and to me unnecessary. (If you have read my review on True Blood, then you will see that I tend to have a habit of coming back to shows that I had originally written off as \\"bad.\\")    Well two years later and a little bit wiser (I am only 23, but it is amazing what you learn in life) I took another chance on Dexter. I had become enthralled with Michael C. Hall's character in [[ASIN:B000HEVZBW Six Feet Under]] and wanted to see what else he could do. Dexter was the next choice. Starting from episode one, I began to realize that this was not just a story about a serial killer, rather it was a story about the dissection, interaction and understanding of the human psyche. What became evident about Dexter was that he simply wanted to be accepted (or normal) even when he constantly tried to separate himself. This personal struggle was best typified by the 8th episode, \\"Shrink Wrap\\" *brief spoilers* when Dexter forced himself away from having sex with Rita due to his insecurity and constant lack of self confidence. This scene was very powerful, in that the viewer became connected to Dexter, because most people have gone through a moment of a self-loathing crisis. The scenes with the therapist, to me, were very convincing and moving as Dexter began to realize that he was powerless. Up until that point, life had just been a sham to Dexter. It was through this revelation that Dexter realized his own humanity and HIS need to feel \\"normal.\\" Dexter began to cherish his relationshipwith Rita and realized that he needed the Ice Truck Killer, who became Dexter's first \\"real\\" friend. *end of spoilers*    Do not get me wrong, some of the scenes in Dexter are very disturbing and should not be viewed by those with light stomachs. However, everyone should give this show a chance as it delves into the darkness of human relations/relationships and constantly challenges he viewer to question what it means to be \\"Normal.\\"
B002I9Z8B2|4.0|I love the movie, the best Star Trek movie in the series for me, the audio/video quality on Blu-Ray is pretty good, the best transfer I've seen. I have the 116 minute long version of this  movie on DVD but what about on Blu-Ray, where is it? That's the one I want and that's the one I've been waiting for. I always thought that Blu-Ray has more storage space than DVD. Please Paramount, release the 116 minute version of Star Trek II on Blu-Ray. By the way, I love the new cover on Blu-Ray, it looks excellent !!!
B00243FQFA|5.0|This was a good season but it seemed a little rushed to wrap it up.
0790740443|5.0|one of my favorite SciFi movies... and one of my favorite KR movies...<br /><br />If you have not seen it, you should.... it's an experience....<br /><br />5 stars, 2 thumbs WAY up!
0060849827|4.0|I like the book, even if it is a little limited in the area of explanation.  The author makes no effort to assure the reader of the techniques suggested or outlined.  For much of the writing the author simply makes statements with no supporting text.<br /><br />This is a good \\"first\\" book on survival and primitive skills.  You should go into it knowing that each idea presented by the author can be better understood through further readings of the work of other authors (ie-his extremely limited and incomplete section on Braintan Buckskin..same on flint knapping).  This book is the epitome of a \\"general\\" hand book with very few specifics.<br /><br />My favorite section has been the \\"camp craft\\" projects.  Very cool and useful knowledge, though I suspect that as with other areas of the book I will learn a lot more with another book covering only this topic.<br /><br />All that said, if you had one book to bring with you........you know the rest.
B001993Y2C|1.0|why do they insist on screwing us??<br /><br />all this money for what? a piece of cardboard?....<br /><br />a complete joke...... thumbs all DOWN.....
B001BGTWXI|5.0|Love it.  It all builds off of their earlier work, but they've taken it to another level.  This one and the first one are the two best SK albums in my opinion.<br /><br />If you have the other ones and you like most of them you'll like this one too.
B0000UJDLM|3.0|I liked this when I was a kid... but I saw it so many damn times! I'm sick of it now... but go ahead and try it!
031606792X|1.0|First of all, I hated this book. Personally I wish I could wipe the whole thing from my memory bank and go back to my blisfullly optimistic pre-Breaking Dawn state. I looked forward to this book so much and for me it was a complete letdown. I have seen many pro-breaking dawn reviews in which the reiewer is shocked to see that so many fans were disappointed by the book. Many seem to think the reason we're so disturbed by the book is because it's not \\"realistic\\" enough. Let me say obviously I realize this book is not meant to be a work of non-fiction. Just becasue it is of the fantasy genre does not excuse it from having a plotline, or characters who remain in-character. And it definitley does not excuse the way SM made her loyal readers suffer through hundreds of pages erradict nonsense leading up to a non-existant climax. I think many people simply decided to love Breaking dawn no matter what was on its pages. Honestly, I tried to convince myself to love it but ultimatley failed around the same time Bella was being snapped into pieces by her darling baby-monster. I loved the first 3 books, but like many others I wish the series had ended with Eclipse. In fact, in my mind, it does.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|it's Rush... it's good...<br /><br />they need to work out the live sound though... those BIG shows are TERRIBLE for recording a live dvd...<br /><br />they would be better off recording a smaller show that was more manageable for having a killer sound and performance...<br /><br />Rush is better than this... they are CLASSIC...
B0002IQEHI|1.0|this was a gift and the quality of the dvd was terrible, midway through the movie it completely stops playing. I will never buy another dvd from Amazon.
B0002WYS6S|5.0|one of the best live concert videos EVER.... Score is better, but this is stunning.....<br /><br />get it today!
B00288KNL8|4.0|4½ stars<br /><br />[First, a brief warning: The faint of heart should steer clear. If you or your kiddies don't want to be frightened or disturbed or enchanted, avoid \\"Coraline\\" at all costs! Let's just get that out of the way and move on.<br />Now, for those of you who thrive on dark and delightfully creepy fantasy, this movie is right up your alley.]<br /><br />First of all, I fell in love with this story as soon as I plunged into the book by the wonderful British storyteller Neil Gaiman, who is cemented as an icon in the world of fantasy. I am an ardent fan of children's fantasy tales, horror, and all things British... so, I was charmed to the hilt with this dark and wondrous tale. And now there is a fanastic movie to enjoy.<br /><br />This stop-motion movie does the book justice, totally. The character designs, sets, lighting, cinematography, lovely musical score-- everything is very nicely done. You can tell that a lot of work went into this movie. There is plenty here to entertain everyone, and enough peril and danger and scary stuff to satisfy folks like myself who enjoy a good villain and some macabre trappings. Maybe you have to be a fan of all things creepy to appreciate \\"Coraline\\". I just happen to love scary films, fiction, and ideas.<br /><br />The character voices are terrific. Teri Hatcher is very effective as the Other Mother and the real mother. Dakota Fanning, Ian McShane, Dawn French, and Jennifer Saunders all contribute quite nicely.<br /><br />If you (or your family) have a penchant for fantasy or horror, this is for you. (And if you're into animation, all the better.) It smacks of the best Roald Dahl tales, of Alice's wild adventures in Wonderland, and of classic horror movies I grew up loving.<br /><br />Henry Selick does a top notch job directing this movie, which pulls you in quickly and takes you on a spooky and colorful ride. Certain things will stand out for you, as they did for me: the opening credits sequence which shows scenes of the Other Mother creating the doll... the enchanting and gorgeous garden in the Other World... the audience of black Scottish Terriers watching Ms. Spink and Ms. Forcible's show... and the emotional core of the story, too.<br /><br />Part of the pleasure for someone who has read the book is seeing these scenarios that were previously only within one's imagination; now they come to life on screen almost magically, and it's the next best thing to revisiting the book.<br /><br />I didn't mind that the setting was changed from England to America; I guess Hollywood still thinks we can't handle that so much. No big thing. I thought the addition of the Wyborn character actually worked well in the story; In the book, Coraline talks to herself a great deal, and I suppose that does not work well on film, so they added a character to help with exposition and to help Coraline in her quest.<br /><br />All in all, this movie is a winner.g and gorgeous garden in the Other World... the audience of black Scottish Terriers watching Ms. Spink and Ms. Forcible's show... and the emotional core of the story, too.     Part of the pleasure for someone who has read the book is seeing these scenarios that were previously only within one's imagination; now they come to life on screen almost magically, and it's the next best thing to revisiting the book.     I didn't mind that the setting was changed from England to America; I guess Hollywood still thinks we can't handle that so much. No big thing. I thought the addition of the Wyborn character actually worked well in the story; In the book, Coraline talks to herself a great deal, and I suppose that does not work well on film, so they added a character to help with exposition and to help Coraline in her quest.    All in all, this movie is a winner.
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|I could not understand what on earth this movie was about! I gave up after one hour  (the longest hour of my LIFE!!) The characters were never introduced, It was if  the director just wanted to get as much action into the movie as possible.    Give this a miss unless you want to be bored to tears :o(
0312370849|4.0|It is an easy to read book.  It has an interesting historical background, that everybody must be aware of.  Not only know about what happened, but also try not to forget, because that will teach us how to behave in our time. Really like the first part of the book, for me it was very creative the way the author chose to tell both stories. Didn´t really like the ending, but I am not going to spoil your reading telling you why.  Enjoy!!
B000WS4QJG|5.0|Michael Jackson's Anniversary Thriller is worth its pricing and to include his DVD and his music CD has great sounds, beats and graphics. When ever God spears my life I will buy some more of Jackson's musics.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I just discovered the West Wing and watched it in its entirety from Season 1-7.  The actors were great, the dialogue fantastic.<br /><br />I'm sort of glad I didn't see the show contemporaneously to current events.  It hit me by season 2 that the show was going in to the first years of the Bush presidency with the ultimate fantasy ideal of a liberal president/ New Englander, Nobel Prize winning, all around Jimmy Stewart type of guy.  At first, I thought this must have been the ultimate escapist release for democrats at the time.  (The situation now, being reversed with the Obama presidency).<br /><br />What I liked the most about this series, watching it in retrospect, was that many of the same issues of the Bush era came up in the series and were handled hypothetically by the liberal Martin Sheen president.  Rather than become a soap box for the superiority of liberal solutions, I thought the show was very insightful to dramatize that the liberal solutions come with their own set of problems and imperfections, too.  They are not the same as the problems that result from conservative policies, but the viewer is lead to the conclusion that basically, no idealogy really solves all the problems.  The fact is, if you have a conservative world view, a conservative solution only makes you feel better that the world is on track, even though many problems are not fixed by a conservative agenda.  If you are a liberal, the liberal solutions make you feel better about the world, but again, nothing offers a perfect solution to society's problems.<br /><br />No matter which party or political pursuasion you are, if you are interested in the drama of elections and the mechanics of governing, you'll find the show interesting and you'll no doubt get a few laughs out of it.
B00021R7CG|1.0|Nostalgia brought me to this DVD. Having lived through the entire Cold War era, I wondered how I could have missed this movie about the trying events of my youth. Had I realized that this was an HBO production I would have passed it by. This explains the poor acting, terrible graphics, laughable plot and the total misunderstanding of the military mind set and commitment to duty- not to mention the bad language. I wish I could still say that I had missed this one.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|Wonderful, wonderful film. I enjoyed every minute of it, and I never liked Star Trek before. This film made me a fan.
B0027HOBM2|5.0|The show is great. I can't say anything that hasn't already been noted about how excellent it is.    I do want to weigh in on the blu-ray, however, and second some of the problems other reviewers have encountered. The discs are quite difficult to navigate and the quality of the menus is poor. It takes ages for the episodes to load, the bookmark function is cumbersome, and the time it takes to even get to the main menu is ridiculous. It was frustrating to wait five+ minutes just to get to the point of choosing an episode. I also had problems with the main menu on each disc loading correctly - it skipped and stalled, and then the menu was jumbled. This is on a new Samsung blu-ray player - it's fully updated and I haven't had a problem on any other disc I've tried, even from Netflix.    Summary: great show, the blu-ray isn't worth it.
B0002ZYE1Y|5.0|Night who? That is was I first thought when I read about this Metal/Symphonic band. However, that all changed when I listened to \\"Wish I had an angel\\" for the first time. I thought, \\"Ya know, there is something to this group\\". Anyways, long story short, I bought ONCE and have enjoyed it immensely. From beginning to end. \\"Ghost Love Score\\" just blew me away. 10 minutes long and not a dull minute. I know you might be thinking \\"A 10 minute song?\\" Rest assurd, It's a very good 10 minute song and it doesn't just sit there and repeat the chorus over and over like oh say....Meatloaf's \\"bat out of hell\\" song. It's just something you have to listen to and experience for yourself. There is a lot of talent in this band, from drummer to the lead singer, nothing is wasted.<br /><br />Of course this prompted me to check out their older albums as well as their newer ones. I'm not sure how I feel about Dark Passion Play, it's a good CD however, it seems more \\"POP\\" oriented to me and it's a little hard to get used to the new lead singer. However, I'd better get use to her as she's there to stay.<br /><br />The production quality overall of Nightwish just gets better and better.<br /><br />But of all their albums, ONCE is my favorite. Just the right balance I like and there is not one song I'd want to skip over. Highly recommended.
B001N18HP0|5.0|I just spent a weekend listening to too much Pearl Jam - namely the Ten album. The absolute highest point of all this overload is the Vinyl edition. Oh my goodness, this is the way the music should have been presented all along.<br /><br />This edition is two 180 gram audiophile vinyl LP's. One is the original Ten mix as it was released in 1991. The second LP is the remix with much improved bass, warmth, and clarity. Without question, this is the version I prefer. There just is no substitute for vinyl. I've now listened to the CD's, both redux and original; and the vinyl. When played through a high end modern receiver (Yamaha RX-V2600) with all that fantastic new circuitry for equalizing phono input (Ortofon cartridge), the sound is amazing. Even in the hay day of vinyl records, pressings were never done this well (there were some rare audiophile pressings of classical music). We are living in a fabulous era of vinyl records.<br /><br />What's on the LP's, exactly the same play list, in exactly the same order. There are no bonus tracks, no unreleased anything. This is Ten pure and simple. Side One: Once, Even Flow, Alive, Why Go, Black, Jeremy. Side Two: Oceans, Porch, Garden, Deep, and Release. Original Ten is labelled side A and B. Ten redux is labelled side C and D.<br /><br />There is no little card for the MP3 download like in the massive collectors edition box set. Although, I should be careful, this vinyl was purchased in Paris as an import - so you never know.<br /><br />The cover art is what CD's just miss completely. Yeah that deluxe edition CD set has sweet pictures in it, this has full sized readable images on it. I'm posting some pictures of the album completely unfolded.<br /><br />I am scratching my head a bit in thinking who needs all these versions of Ten? The vinyl is senuous - with a decent CD-R and optical inputs its not hard to make a really outstanding recording of those LP's. The two CD's are very nice, redux is just so much better - why have both remastered versions? The bonus tracks are kind of nice. It just all seems like a lot of overload to me.<br /><br />I did watch the DVD of MTV unplugged (included in the deluxe 2 CD / 1 DVD set). That performance is absolutely incredible. It reminded me of what passion Eddie Vedder, and the group, has lost for these original songs. To see the anger in his eyes, the emotion while he was singing; priceless. Its so hard to keep that passion so many years and thousands of performances later. The unplugged performance is historical, and incredible to watch. For a television recording done that many years ago, the sound and image is remarkable. I loved that performance - it has been moved to my iPhone for frequent play.<br /><br />Vinyl - rules.acks are kind of nice. It just all seems like a lot of overload to me.    I did watch the DVD of MTV unplugged (included in the deluxe 2 CD / 1 DVD set). That performance is absolutely incredible. It reminded me of what passion Eddie Vedder, and the group, has lost for these original songs. To see the anger in his eyes, the emotion while he was singing; priceless. Its so hard to keep that passion so many years and thousands of performances later. The unplugged performance is historical, and incredible to watch. For a television recording done that many years ago, the sound and image is remarkable. I loved that performance - it has been moved to my iPhone for frequent play.    Vinyl - rules.
B001U0HBQ0|5.0|Warner's typical BD tech specs  (VC-1 video Dolby TrueHD as default audio).    Movie:         5/5  Video quality: 5/5  Audio quality: 5/5  Extras:        5/5    Just get the UK version. It is the exact same as Criterion's. It comes in a 2-disc package plus digital copy (there is coupon with a code for download inside the case on the flipside of Warner's bundled \\"Important Notice\\" flyer). The extras are the EXACT SAME as Criterion's already excellent wealth of extras content.    I really like Warner's release because of the following:     * the movie simply begins.   * Ahhh yes, unlike Warner's USA releases there is no annoying FBI warnings  * no annoying video ad for Warner's Blu-ray  * no annoying PSA's  * the DEFAULT AUDIO TRACK IS THE ENGLISH TRUE HD TRACK glad to see Warner fixed the default lossy selection issue  * and it has a lot more subtitles (East Asian languages included sans Japanese)  * is region-free.    Criterion's release is awesome. Warner's release is just as good if not better.  Veredict: Well worth the import/money well spent!
0575081244|5.0|A Sci-fi masterpiece - contemporary flowing style with complex well developed characters and multiple layers of plot storyline but not difficult to follow. Also a visionary conceptualization of current scientific realities extended far into the future that is inspiring imagery. Add to that amazingly intricate action scenes, and incredibly exciting sexual exploits. This is just a spellbinding masterpiece of twists and arcs that come together in total literary harmony.  What a great read. I could hardly put it down. I believe it's destined to be a classic. Unfortunately, Morgan's other books don't come close to this one.
B0028DRGDQ|5.0|Now this is how you do it.<br /><br />[REC] expertly utilizes the sloppy realism of a handheld camera to resurrect a hackneyed element of fear--the virus breakout.<br /><br />Man, there is so much I love about this movie:<br />-the behind the scenes look at network t.v.<br />-the lean but sufficient buildup of the story<br />-the brief but ample characterizations<br />-the refusal to present quick, easy explanations<br />-the chaotic intensity captured with the incessant fear<br />-the social/political statements that are eased into the story<br />-the interactions of people under duress<br />-the impromptu feel of the script<br />-the inherent flaws in the camera work<br />-the display of raw emotions<br />-the overall bleak tone<br />-the very realistic kill scenes<br />-the short runtime helps sustain interest<br /><br />Absolutely masterful.  The terror is so much more convincing in this original piece of work.  4.5 stars.
B00065MDSG|5.0|Truly, one of the absolute best that has ever crept out of Robert Fripp's mind/imagination/and song-writing skills.  This album is scary-beautiful!   Scary-perfect!  Scary - bad trip for anyone who might be a little too depressed - I wouldn't recommend listening to \\"Lark's Tongues in Aspic.\\" if you are depressed/and or upset.  It captures the pure essence of scary drama, of stuff you may not want to readily hear. Fripp and King Crimson nail some very interesting emotions.  They not only nail them, they snare them, and once that's done, there is simply no escape!!!  It's like dragging your head through a spider's web!  For ALL Robert Fripp fans, Crimson's \\"Larks Tongues in Aspic\\" is the epitome of Crimson at their absolute best.  It still frightens me.  it still gives me incredible goosebumps that I'll never be able to simply shrug off!!  I  can't describe it in simple terms.  I can't even explain it, at all!  Listen to it in the comfortable setting, and with (hopefully) an open mind.  Otherwise, it will ruin your night.  It's magic.  it's perfection.  It's Fripp and company at their absolute best, and most sinister!!  Truly, the most sinister that Crimson ever achieved, at least, with this line-up!  Enjoy!!  You can't help but to enjoy it after several listenings!  Just beware.  This is one hell of a beautiful and dark album - and after repeated listenings, you, too will come to greatly understand the darkness behind these recordings!!    It's simply Fripp at his best!  Though, how many, many times has Fripp been at his best (throughout his numerous releases)?  I've lost count...........
0307266303|5.0|I came across this book doing a random search on my Kindle.  I downloaded a sample and thought, \\"what the heck...i'll read it.\\"  I started reading it on vacation and couldn't put it down!  I was impressed with the quality of the writing and the ease with which McDougall switches between his personal story, the story of the run, the story of the history of the shoe industry, and the individual stories of the runners themselves.  It all weaved together rather seamlessly.  I ran a marathon about 15 years ago and never even considered an ultramarathon as something that should be attempted by anyone.  After reading this, I can see the beauty in that experience and have alot of respect for those who chose to undertake such a challenge!  The way in which McDougall describes the running experience is so beautiful and inspiring, one can't help but go out for a run.  Still not sure about the barefoot thing, but the sandals are intriguing!  This was a great story that I have continued to think about days later.  I highly recommend it to anyone interested in running.  Thanks!
B0021L8US0|2.0|This movie was nothing like I expected it to be. From the previews it looked as if this was going to be like an action film of humans vs aliens. Not the case. It is a very silly, unfulfilling plot about alien evictions in an alien concentration camp. In my opinion the aliens looked really cheesy and the acting was just average. The only thin g interesting about this how was the action at the end and there were a few very funny moments in the movie. Other than that this movie wasn't worth the time I wasted in it. Catch it on DVD or avoid it all together.
B0012Q732O|4.0|Come on people.  It's called a movie, not a documentary, and no where did I see it claim to be fact.  It's no Lord of the Rings, but I don't remember people finding  fault with magic rings or trolls or anything from Middle Earth.  10,000 B.C. is a credible tale about people  banding together to overcome a tyranny.  The computer generated images are very good.  O.K., the actors didn't speak so well, but they were meant to be primitive.  So, let's get real.
B002CAWNEM|2.0|This movie was another rehash of old plots, average to poor acting and extremely predictable. The movie truly was a waste of time, effort, as well as a waste of money creating it. To make matters worst, not only is it a rehash of plots, but its not as good as the plots it borrowed from. Don't waste your time with this one.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This concert originally took place in 1992 when Michael Jackson was at the peak of his legendary career. It aired live on HBO and although there were several thousand people in attendance, it was seen by millions more around the world. 17 years and 2 months after his death, I had to buy the DVD. From the moment he exploded onto the stage, I knew I would not regret watching.     And I was not disappointed.    Before I proceed, I do want to correct the two reviewers before me: Michael Jackson is a perfectionist when it comes to his craft. He said himself on multiple occasions he does not believe in cheating his fans and supporters. To that end, Michael Jackson does not Lip Synch. This little-known fact was brought to light when he asked Paula Abdul (the very same from American Idol) to help him with the Librarian Girl Music Video (which he also directed and produced). MJ does not go halfway and thus when he sings live, you're hearing HIS voice, not ths track.    1. Jam*  2. Wanna Be Startin' Something  3. Human Nature  4. Smooth Criminal  5. I Just Can't Stop Loving You  6. She's Out of My Life  7. I Want You Back/The love You Save  8. I'll Be There  9. Thriller  10. Billie Jean  11. Workin' Day & Night  12. Beat It  13. Will You Be There*  14. Black Or White*  15. Heal The World*  16. Man In The Mirror    * On Dangerous Album    Although only four of songs he performed were from the actual albumn, the songs he performed more than made up for this. In Jam, The King of Pop demonstrates his versatility by doing a sideways Moonwalk. In Wanna Be Startin' Something and Human Nature, he serinades to the audience. With Smooth Criminal, Michael Jackson does an amazing adaptation of the Music Video (which was actually a scene from the forgotten musical/movie Moonwalker) of the same name--complete with his patented 540 degree lean. The song ends with MJ turning back at his backup dancers while they're shot with invisible bullets. The lights dim while stagehands drag them from backstage.    MJ transforms from badboy to Romeo with I Just Can't Stop Loving You and gives one lucky fan a night she will never forget while performing She's Out of My Life. MJ takes us back to his days as a member of the Jackson 5 with I Want You Back, The Love You Save and I'll Be There. At the end of the third song, he calls out each of his brothers by name, a spotlight shining on empty microphones behind him.    MJ brings us back to the 80s as he does the two songs that essentially earned him MTV's Male Artist of the Millenium: Thriller and Billie Jean. He ends Thriller with a disappearing act, only to reappear as Billie Jean begins to play. Here, Michael Jackson does a pair of Moonwalks and demonstrates the footwork that some say inspired a later album--Blood on The Dance Floor.    Workin' Day & Night was prettymuch a transitional song, as right after it ended (which another disappearing act) he went right into Beat It. He begins the song atop a lift that moves him over the audience as he sings. When he returns to the stage he reinacts the last 2 and a half minutes of the Beat It Music Video. There is an intermission as MJ prepares for the next song.    This one may look familiar if you've seen the 1995 film Free Willy--clips from the movie and this concert were used to make a Music Video for the motion picture. I prefer this version of Will You Be There (the performance over the Music video) myself. Another intermission follows but this time we are treated with the controversial Black or White scenes that originally aired when the music video was introdiced to the world on MTV, Fox and VHI. After the interlude, MJ does the actual song.    The concert wraps up with Heal the World and Man in the Mirror. Speculation states the child MJ holds at the end of Heal The World is Prince Michael--his first son. Of course, this can't be possible as the concert took place 2 years before he married Lisa Marie Presley. At the end of Man in the Mirror, MJ ends the concert inthe one way that could possibly top his electrifying performance. You'll have to see it yourself because I'm not telling.    In closing, I would like to say this. Michael Jackson's music is what he's most famous for. Despite all of his personal problems (he is human, after all), there's no denying he was a very talented performer.
B0000640VO|5.0|From director Jean-Pierre Jeunet comes the charming romantic comedy \\"Amelie\\", a film that greatly transcends it's genre. Romantic Comedies are a dime a dozen here in the States, but Jeunet has crafted a very quirky, fun and visually pleasing film that delivers comedy and romance both in spades without ever feeling cheesy or familiar.<br /><br /> Ameile Poulain is a shy and reserved 23 year old girl who had a rather odd childhood. Her mother was killed when a suicide jumper landed on her and father, though a good provider and kind person, never showed Amelie much affection, erroneously diagnosing her with a heart condition and having her homeshooled. Truth be told, Amelie's heart would race when her father would medically examine her, leading him to believe she had a heart condition. In reality, affection was what cause her excitement.<br /><br /> Fast forward to 1997. Amelie has a flat all to herself, and desires a relationship but due to bad luck in the past has all but given up on them. She works in a small cafe in town with a group of eccentric co-workers, but she goes home alone to her cat each night. Amelie is lonely, but too shy to go out and meet people. She feels it's time for a change in her life, but she feels things will happen on their own.<br /><br /> One morning, Amelie hears of the death of Princess Diana on television and, in shock, she drops in the cap of a perfume bottle. The cap rolls toward a tile on the lower wall and knocks it down, revealing a space inside, where a rusty box of momentos lies. She feels the need to return it to it's owner, now a middle aged man, and when he recieves it he feels so much joy that Amelie, satisfied by her good deed, goes on a mission. Do good deeds for others to bring a little happiness to their lives. However, karma does come her way when she finds an interesting scrapbook that a man leaves behind at a photo booth. Through this book, she develops an infatuation with this man. Is he the one she needs to fill the empty romantic void in her own life?<br /><br /> Amelie has a stylish and colorful fairytale romp, well-crafted and smart without coming across as pretentious. The colors and settings are bright and vivid, and make you long to be in the city of Paris. The film goes inside Amelie's always-daydreaming mind. The viewer enters a world where televisions, and other inanimate objects, talk to you. The pixie-like nature of Amelie, played by the beautiful Audrey Tatou, is a perfect fit for this eccentric character. The cinematography is breathtaking, bringing to mind the vivid colors and atmosphere of 'Fear & Loathing In Las Vegas\\", but with less acid of course. It all feels like a dream, a setting so perfect and surreal it dosen't feel realistic, but that's what cinema is about. \\"Amelie\\" is a 2 hour escape into a the title characters world with everything is serene and perfect, and it's a mighty enjoyable ride.<br /><br /> There's a timeless feel to \\"Amelie\\", it's a feel-good film that makes the viewer feel hopeful. The musical score by Yann Tierson fits the images like a glove and is very memorable and unique. This is one of those rare films where everything just falls into place. I highly recommend it to any fan of cinema, regardless of taste. When you invite Amelie into your world, she won't be forgotten. Like she did for the characters in the film, she might just change your life. After all, theres a little Amelie Poulain in all of us.r own life?         Amelie has a stylish and colorful fairytale romp, well-crafted and smart without coming across as pretentious. The colors and settings are bright and vivid, and make you long to be in the city of Paris. The film goes inside Amelie's always-daydreaming mind. The viewer enters a world where televisions, and other inanimate objects, talk to you. The pixie-like nature of Amelie, played by the beautiful Audrey Tatou, is a perfect fit for this eccentric character. The cinematography is breathtaking, bringing to mind the vivid colors and atmosphere of 'Fear & Loathing In Las Vegas\\", but with less acid of course. It all feels like a dream, a setting so perfect and surreal it dosen't feel realistic, but that's what cinema is about. \\"Amelie\\" is a 2 hour escape into a the title characters world with everything is serene and perfect, and it's a mighty enjoyable ride.     There's a timeless feel to \\"Amelie\\", it's a feel-good film that makes the viewer feel hopeful. The musical score by Yann Tierson fits the images like a glove and is very memorable and unique. This is one of those rare films where everything just falls into place. I highly recommend it to any fan of cinema, regardless of taste. When you invite Amelie into your world, she won't be forgotten. Like she did for the characters in the film, she might just change your life. After all, theres a little Amelie Poulain in all of us.
B0013TPV0Q|3.0|There is a neurotic, but irreplaceable sensibility to David Sedaris's \\"when you are engulfed in flames\\". As the title even suggests using \\"You Are\\" instead of \\"You're\\". He is ever so careful to do the right thing and explains his search for protocol with each freudian essay. This is why I love him sooo, he reminds me of just how beautiful and interesting awkward is. \\"Good\\"- people question in a cautious way that both abandons but secures further investigation into any interaction and perhaps we all could use less gimmick in our lives especially as this current age of \\"advertising\\" closes.<br /><br /> To be specific the author embraces those small moments  enriched with insecurity and intuition that  make life so fascinating and painful. Hs stories range from ceasing to smoke, ocd siblings to co-dependence.  One will not find the most profound passage they've ever read in this book but rather a  heartwarming friend and perfect traveling companion reveals himself with each essay.<br /><br />Listen,  anyone who can make you laugh out-loud in NYC traffic has got to be alright! I highly recommend this book.
B000YABIQ6|1.0|I was excited to watch this series after hearing all of the positive critical buzz and Emmy awards stumbling all over themselves to give this show nominations.  I was bored from the get go, but decided I would give it a season to be fair.  After watching season 1, all I've discovered is that I've found a cure to my insomnia.      The show is slow, horribly acted by stiff and uninteresting characters, and absolutely nothing of consequence happened during the entire first season.  I will not be wasting my time or money on any future seasons.  How the Emmy awards can give nominations and awards for drivel like this and completely ignore the far superior \\"Friday Night Lights\\" is baffling.  I guess if you enjoy smoking, this would be a great advertisement.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|This is definitely adult only viewing. The writing is done very well; funny and entertaining. I especially like when Dexter talks to himself and says something very funny to the viewer, but he does not mean it to be funny.<br />Blood and gore are the norm but since it is about a blood splatter expert, it is his norm. I have seen all the shows and am eagerly waiting for the new season.
0385341008|5.0|What a terrific little book...perfect for a day of travel...well written and interesting...the characters are enchanting and heartwarming...I do hope that this team creates another novel...I thoroughly enjoyed it!
B0002S94BG|5.0|What more can possibly be said about this album?  Nothing.  It must be experienced; it must be felt.  If you happen to have never encounted it, and you happen to be reading this . . . just go listen to \\"Grace\\" . . .Jeff Buckley was lost too soon and this album is one of the great classics in my opinion.    I discovered this record in New Orleans one early morning at a friend's house as I awoke from an all-night festival dancing on bar tops and wandering the quarter.  I was loose, tired, happy, and receptive . . . and Jeff Buckley just blew my mind.    My wife chose Buckley as our dance song at our wedding and I cried and cried.    Do yourself a favor and check out this work of art.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|I just wanted to watch an action movie. I didn't want anything serious. No puzzles to solve, no angst-ridden protagonists attempting to find reason in the Universe.<br /><br /> \\"Quantum of Solace\\" filled the bill perectly.<br /><br /> It is all action. Non-stop action.<br /><br /> Whatever attempt there is to tell a story never intrudes on the action.<br /><br /> James Bond, played to perfection by Daniel Craig, is strong, always coiled, headstrong and has few words. He is far too busy avenging the death of his girlfriend Vesper in \\"Casino Royale\\" and tracking down the nefarious Corporation. Along the way he has to deal with Dominic Greene (played boringly by Mathieu Amalric). Poor M, played superbly well by Judi Dench, is Bond's mom-surrogate, clucking about his not getting enough sleep, while chastising him for killing another person. The persistent \\"Bolivian Secret Service Agent\\" Camille, hoping to avenge the brutal murders of her family, is played by Olga Kurylenko. She doesn't bring much to the show, not even as eye-candy.<br /><br /> The story, slight as it is, has the \\"corporation\\" seeking control of vital resources (no spoiler here!) in South America. Bond, in the course of seeking his own revenge, stumbles across this nefarious plot.<br /><br /> But the real reason to watch this movie is the action.<br /><br /> Beginning with totally reasonless, unbelievable but absolutely spectacular car chase with guns blazing, things quickly devolve to a surprise encounter which results in  - you guessed it - another chase: this one across rooftops. Oh - and more bodies pile up too. Bond tracks a lead, which results in yet another masterfully choreographed bit of mayhem which kills only one person. Taking no time off, Bond hops into a car with - now this happens every day - Camille, the Bolivian Secret Service Agent who just happens to be on her way to a meeting with the bad guy, Dominic Greene.<br /><br /> More chases ensue: first a truly great one involving boats and then a surprisingly lackluster one involving a DC-3.<br /><br /> By golly, we're half-way into the movie and the storyline is still essentially invisible! No need to miss it, though. The action is great.<br /><br /> Next we're in a fancy Austrian opera house - where the shooting starts in another incredible pursuit sequence.<br /><br /> The special effects in this movie are fantastic, with one problem: everything is just too perfect. Every split-second is perfectly choreographed. I was reminded of the Indiana Jones show at DisneyWorld.<br /><br /> The concluding sequence is excellent. Guns, fighting, fire, explosions. Utterly unbelievable, but great fun to watch.<br /><br /> Yes, I'll be watching the one again. It is perfect empty headed cinematic action. No plot to interfere with the mayhem. Daniel Craig is the best James Bond since Sean Connery, although a completely different character. But the actors in this movie are secondary to the action. Good stuff.<br /><br />Jerrylly, we're half-way into the movie and the storyline is still essentially invisible! No need to miss it, though. The action is great.     Next we're in a fancy Austrian opera house - where the shooting starts in another incredible pursuit sequence.     The special effects in this movie are fantastic, with one problem: everything is just too perfect. Every split-second is perfectly choreographed. I was reminded of the Indiana Jones show at DisneyWorld.      The concluding sequence is excellent. Guns, fighting, fire, explosions. Utterly unbelievable, but great fun to watch.     Yes, I'll be watching the one again. It is perfect empty headed cinematic action. No plot to interfere with the mayhem. Daniel Craig is the best James Bond since Sean Connery, although a completely different character. But the actors in this movie are secondary to the action. Good stuff.    Jerry
1416550542|4.0|The Forgotten Garden is a family saga, a captivating tale of three generations of women, each of whom was abandoned.  First comes Nell, found alone at age 4, on a wharf in Australia, and adopted by the harbor master. Eliza, orphaned in London by the murder of her mother,  is the center link. Finally there is Cassandra, deposited with her grandmother by a mother who never returned for her.  Author Morton has fashioned her story around a pervasive mystery: who is Nell, who were her parents, and why was she sent by herself on a voyage from London to Australia? In a rich layer cake of a plot, the circumstances of their lives are made known, in their own times and places, in bits and pieces that snap together as the narrative progresses.<br /><br />What I liked:<br /><br />The writing:<br /><br />Some might find Morton's prose overblown, but I enjoyed her evocative images, her poetic descriptions, and her great ability to create tone and atmosphere. This is a fanciful story, yet real. There are no ghosts here, but the traces of the past impinge constantly. Surprisingly, her English settings are considerably more vivid than her native Australian ones.<br /><br />The characters:<br /><br />Morton's female characters are strong, colorful, and think for themselves. Most are personably human, but Adeline, as stepmother, could not be more deliciously manipulative or cold. Male characters are fairly ancillary, with the exception of Mansell, whose role is small but pivotal.<br /><br />The symbolism:<br /><br />This book is highly symbolic. From the names (Cassandra, Mansell, Rose, Nell, Makepeace, Swindell), to the metaphors (the apple tree, the walled garden, the inheritance, the multiple journeys, the three women), to the quest itself, The Forgotten Garden harks back to the timeless imagery  of  folklore and fairy tales.<br /><br />What I disliked:<br /><br />Cassandra's romance: too pat and predictable.<br /><br />The length:  A bit more editing is needed to cut down on replication of information.<br /><br />The Forgotten Novel is an easy novel to get lost in, wonderful reading for those who enjoy folklore, family sagas, and subtle romantic drama. Recommended for adults and teens.wonderful reading for those who enjoy folklore, family sagas, and subtle romantic drama. Recommended for adults and teens.
044024367X|5.0|Another \\"can't put it down\\" book by Lee Child.  Love the intensity and flair.  Especially like the short chapters so I can stop for a break and go back.
B00288KNJU|4.0|I have one word to define this movie: excellent.<br />I hate movies with a aspect ratio that does not full my TV screen, but this version completly full it!<br />It came with the standard 16:9, so it made me happy.<br />What I don't like much, is the 3D version. Obviously is not like in the cinema, but when you try to relax your eyes to distinguish all the colours and images, is hard to keep this state.<br />The notes recomend a completly dark room, because even the light of you reproducer can affect the 3D images.<br />Anyway it is a MUST in your collection.
031606792X|5.0|I am far from the average age of the \\"young adult\\" reader. I am a mother of twin boys and am probably older than Stephanie Meyer, but this summer a friend insisted I read \\"Twilight\\" and, I'm so glad I did, I absolutely loved it! I immediately read the rest of the series.  Although \\"New Moon\\" was a bit painful to get through, I loved the world of Edward and Bella and loved every minute of my time in Forks.  I have not been so enchanted by a wonderful fantasy world since I read all 7 books of the Harry Potter series to my kids 2 years ago, and we thoroughly loved that series so much, that I couldn't imagine loving characters and stories like that again. Until now.  I loved the \\"Twilight\\" series and I think I will have to say that, in many ways, I loved it SLIGHTLY more than the Harry Potter series (now that's saying  A LOT!) and it is really because of this book, \\"Breaking Dawn\\". In the seventh, and last, Harry Potter book \\"Deathly Hallows\\", I was devastated, as were my kids, with the deaths that occurred.  Hedwig, Dobby, Lupin!!, Tonks, Fred Weasley!!  Why did our family spend a wonderful 18 months getting to know and love these characters when Rowling kills them off at the end of the series? For no apparent reason from what I can tell. To make sure we really hated Voldemort? Come on!-he's one of the most hated bad guys in literature!  To make sure we hate Bellatrix? Again, that was accomplished when poor Sirius gets killed in the 5th book. The final deaths in the Harry Potter series just left a bad taste in my mouth, I was so disappointed.  So I braced myself for the last book in the \\"Twilight\\" series.  What character whom I had grown to know and love so well was going to die?  Happily and thankfully the answer was --NO ONE!  Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you so MUCH Stephanie Meyer for bringing a much anticipated and appreciated happy ending to a wonderful series of books.  I am able to read these books over and over and over without fear of a broken heartwhen I near the end.  If I wrote these books myself, I would have ended it the same way!  SPOILER: The wedding, the honeymoon, the baby (I had to Google incubus), Jacob's imprint, the tension leading up to the last \\"battle\\", it was all wonderful. I cross my fingers, \\"Midnight Sun\\" will make it to the bookstores soon.  I look forward to much more time in Forks!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|I must say that the work of the \\"final cut\\" version from the disc one was sublime, a pleasure for your eyes and ears.<br />The scenes of the skyline are perfect; they don't look as special effects from the 80's.<br />I you are a fan, I recommend to see all the other versions included. If you have doubts, they are going to disappear and others will be created.<br />Personally, I like more the \\"happy ending\\", but you decide.<br />As a person who like the details, let me tell you that the version of the disc one has some scenes where the voices sound a little like an old movie, especially before the \\"forced kiss\\" scene (one of my favorites).<br />Resuming, it is an excellent blu-ray product.
B0007GAEW6|5.0|...if you love the Mars Volta as I do, you will love this record. It's out of this world mind-blowing. Also, I think I prefer Jon Theodore's drumming to Thomas Pridgen. Technically speaking, speed-wise, and bombastic power - I would have to go to Pridgen...but creatively speaking, Jon, I think, has more imaginative patterns and a wider use of hi-hats and cymbals and an incredible groove when necessary. I have every album made by the Mars Volta excluding \\"Amputechture\\"...I can't wait to get it. I have heard all the songs on that record and I still feel Frances the Mute is the Magnum Opus. The ideas, the melodies, the techniques, the mind & body-bending tempo changes and time signatures, the sheer passion that's being punched through each and every instrument is simply awe-inspiring. I could go on and on...bottom line: It's a great classic album, with fantastically creative musicians playing their hearts out.
B001GCUER0|5.0|Great series showing the Madison Avenue ad biz the way it was in the early 60's. Drinking, smoking and carousing -- and all this during the work day!
0060989157|5.0|This book deals, very truthfully, with the circle of addiction. Get bombed out of your skull, commit acts of depravity, wake up and feel guilty about it, get bombed again to forget the guilt, commit more acts of depravity whiled bombed, repeat. Only a well written book like this can make you feel sympathy for drug addled, womanizing misogynists. The Dirt tells you about the broken homes and troubled childhoods that contributed to the Crue's refusal and/or inability to grow up until well into their 30's. Rock stardom seems like a side effect of their lifestyles and not their focus, their career just seemed to happen to them while stoned and the purpose of their music careers was to generate money to buy more drugs and attract more women rather than any sort of artistic endeavor. It's a tragically funny read, it lays out the consequences of drug and alcohol abuse without being preachy, and delivers a glimpse behind the headlines and into the lives of some of rock's most infamous maniacs. This book is as addicting as the drugs it describes and you'll burn through the 400+ pages in a couple days. My only complaint is too much time is dedicated to Tommy Lee and Pamela Anderson's marriage towards the end of the book. Those two were in the tabloids a lot when The Dirt was released so I understand why it's in there but it's not as interesting as the rest of the book and time has rendered that tale pointless. Stories of drug crazed maniacs on the road to rock stardom are timeless ones, stories of celebrity marriages are not. Nevertheless, this is a great book and a fun read.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|If you love comedy, this is a must have for your DVD collection.  My boyfriend and I loved this.
B00005NIL9|5.0|A well deserved success awaited Free after the release of their 3rd album, `Fire and Water' on the early summer of 1970. Riding the crest of the British blues rock boom along with contemporaries Led Zeppelin and Fleetwood Mac, Free seemed more precocious then those bands (Andy Fraser was only 18!) and also seemed to wallow in the traditional misery that blues music sprang from. Ironically their biggest song contained none of the mournful dirge-like musings from their prior discs but was a happy go lucky riff rocker that would become one of rock's all-time greatest anthems. \\"All Right Now\\" seemed to capture the spirit of the love generation of easy hookups and guilt free sex that defined the rock n' roll lifestyle. However much of the rest of the LP seemed to continue in the soulful direction that had begun on `Free' as the title track, which should have been as big a hit as \\"All Right Now\\", \\"Heavy Load\\" and \\"Oh I Wept\\" seemed to channel as much Otis Redding as Muddy Waters. \\"Mr. Big\\" which after \\"Fire and Water\\" and \\"All Right Now\\" completed not only the album's but the catalog's three greatest songs (my favs anyway) was a tour de force for not only Andy Fraser who is rightfully praised for his bass solo but it is Paul Kossoff's stirring leads played in tangent with Fraser that make \\"Mr. Big\\" such an amazingly powerful piece of music. Paul Rodgers' vocal talents are spotlighted on not only the title track but \\"Don't Say You Love Me\\" as well. `Fire and Water' was the record that made Free an important rock band for all time however short their actual career together was. Unfortunately the pressure of creating another hit album and song forced the band to return too quickly to the studio in hindsight and the relative failure of the follow up hastened the band's demise.  Carrying a heavy load...
B0011UBDTK|5.0|If you love sex & the city, you need to get this.  I could hardly wait for my work day to be over to go home, kick back and watch the girls.
0671449028|5.0|This is the PERFECT bedtime book!  We've used it as part of the standard bedtime routine for both our kids (now 4 and 15 months).  When we get to the \\"rock and rock and rock to sleep\\" ending they know it's time for one last snuggle and into their beds!  We have a large version of the board book for at home, and the small (regular) size for traveling.  I really enjoy Sandra Boynton as an author, and this book is my favorite!
B0000X61VE|5.0|I have been using this workout since HS and no matter what kind of new workout I find, I always come back to this one.  When I decide to get my strength and stamina back, I find my Cindy workout, and get to work.  It's grueling the first time back, but after a week, it's easier and I feel much stronger.
B001TODCII|5.0|Liam Neeson plays a retired `ex-government staff' in `Taken'. Divorced, he dotes on his 17-year-daughter. Unfortunately, she is kidnapped by slave-traders in Paris, and this is a race-against-time, as father pulls no stops to rescue his daughter. In a window of 96 hours, he has to engage his resourcefulness, military skillfulness, quick wits, and fearless conviction to battle a vicious European syndicate hell-bent on profit.    Neeson plays the role of the calm and composed father very well, and when he springs into action - he is vastly differently, and unpredictable. He is the equivalent of Jason Bourne (protagonist in the Bourne trilogy), except he is middle age. Neeson is still athletic, and he plays this character very well. The action scenes are well choreographed, and do justice for this action-thriller genre. The body count is very high, and the violence is real, although not gratuitous. It is not shot in the artistic style of John Woo in `A Better Tomorrow'. The scenes of how gullible girls are drugged and `traded' are disturbing.    The pacing is fast, so there is no `dead time'. This can be strongly attributed to the co-writer, auteur French director, Luc Besson (of `La Femme Nikita' and `Taxi' fame) who created a believable character and plot. The father-daughter relationship is the centerpiece of this gritty film, and the viewer will be encouraged to be optimistic and hopeful. There is nothing more powerful than parental love.    This is a film definitely worth watching. Kids - listen to your parents!
0312383320|5.0|If you like to read, you will love this book.  It is laugh out loud funny at times. The whole Stephanie Plum series are wonderful books.  It really makes you feel good to read them.
B001TOD92C|5.0|THE WRESTLER  is a film that focuses on the quasi-world of professional wrestling, and how aging sports stars (with alliterative names) cope with their mortality, both inside and outside of the ring.    Mickey Rourke surprised with a sensitive portrayal of a wrestler yearning to get back into the professional ring. The bum deal is that he has to come to grips with his life, after he experiences a near-fatal heart attack. Randy `The Ram' Robinson attempts to reconcile with his estranged daughter, who despises her father for not being there for her during his heydays.    Marisa Tomei is Cassidy, the exotic-dancer, single-mother who breaks her own rules when she takes a liking to the sensitive, behemoth with the shocking-blond mane. This is a vastly different role she has taken, after a brilliant career start with her Academy-winning role in My Cousin Vinny (1992) and going through a rollercoaster of hits and misses like The Guru, Anger Management, and What Women Want.    Both Rourke and Tomei needed this big break as their careers were meandering aimlessly. Imagine this - Rourke turned successful professional boxer for a while (1991-1995)! The Wrestler restored Rouke's flaccid career, and critics have hailed him as Hollywood's Comeback Kid. He is realistic as a wrestler, and his physical presence is a real as it gets: trying to make rent, verbal choreography before a match, extensive sports-taping before a match, injecting himself with steroids and working out at the gym. You will gain a sense that the world of wrestling is not as glamorous as it aims to be. Former-Minnesota governor and ex-WWF wrestling star, Jesse Ventura wrote a thesis about the business in his insightful biography `I Ain't Got Time to Bleed: Reworking the Body Politic from the Bottom Up' (Kindle Books). Whether you revere them, or revile them, the politics and pre-work involved may not, necessarily, mean a wrestler will hit pay dirt. It is a gig, and you hope to have as many as your body and spirit can muster - so you can make ends meet.    The film hints at a vicious cycle of a `no-win' situation. Wrestler gets paid for a performance, goes back and nurtures his wounds, pays for pharmaceutical assistance, recovers, and then goes back to square one. At one point in the film, a wrestler-pusher offers Rourke a cache of drugs to help him heal, which pretty much exhausts his earnings. Why do it then, if you have nothing to show for? Quit or stay? Then again, life outside the ring can be even harder. This parallels Balboa: Rocky 6 where the retired boxer punches his way out of relative obscurity because the young champion challenges him on his legacy. So, what's The Wrestler's legacy? To stay in the ring, or outside the ring - that is the question.    Director, Darren Aronofsky attempts to recreate the adrenaline rush that precedes each match, and he has succeeded in bringing the realism to screen. You can see the blood, pain, sweat and tears. This is not a happy film; unlike ex-WWE star, Dwayne `The Rock' Johnson in Disney's in Race to Witch Mountain.    In spite of its flawed characters, the little imperfections add to the sum of a greater whole - that there is humanity at every moment, whether we choose to notice or identify with it.    It was no wonder that this film was nominated (and won) for the big prizes (Golden Globe; BAFTA) at all major film festivals. It certainly gave Slumdog Millionaire a fight for its money, although The Wrestler is also about `winning' in a different way.
B002ZTQVBQ|3.0|The following was originally posted to the Ponyo Theatrical Release:<br /><br />First off, let me say that Miyazaki is one of my favorite directors and animators. Kiki's Delivery Service, Spirited Away, Whisper of the Heart are just some of my favorites.<br /><br />The problem I had is two-fold: 1) The animation was, IMO, sub-par. As another reviewer mentions Miyazaki aimed this movie at 5 year olds, well I'm not letting them have all the fun in what may be his last movie, so 1 ticket please! But I digress, Lisa's character (voiced by Tina Fey) was not well drawn, Look at her body symmetry, specifically her legs, as an example. I've seen art for children and frankly it can be done better or worse, depending on the illustrator. Since I've seen most, if not all his previous work, I guess I was expecting better. The attention to detail found in previous works was missing here. 2) The story was simple enough, again aimed at 5 year olds. But, in addition to being somewhat slow, it begs the question: What value did Sosuke's Dad bring to the story? He could have been left out completely as far as I can tell. Also, compared to Chihiro, I think Sosuke's test was simultaneously anti-climactic and daunting. In order to bring balance to the world's oceans a 5 year old is expected to love someone he has just met? I mean, a test of bravery would have been better, again IMO, to show his true character. I also think the audience might have responded to this a little better. Finally, such a star-studded cast. Wow, talk about wasting talent. I'm sure the fact that Miyazaki's films haven't done well in US theaters might be part of the motivation, and it did work, but unless you are good at picking out voices, most of the characters don't get enough voice time to matter much. Now granted, I didn't go to the movie to hear Cloris Leachman or Lily Tomlin, but I was expecting a little more screen time for Liam Neeson's Dad.<br /><br />I've been waiting for this movie to hit theaters for a year, and this might be the reason I'm being a little hard on the movie, but Miyazaki is not getting any younger and I'd like to think he plans on going out on a high note.<br /><br />I know that what I've done is probably equivalent to punching a kitten, and I'm likely to get roasted by my fellow reviewers, but this was not my intention, just my opinion, so spare me the righteous indignation please. BTW, my 9 year old daughter loved the movie and wants to see it again.be the reason I'm being a little hard on the movie, but Miyazaki is not getting any younger and I'd like to think he plans on going out on a high note.     I know that what I've done is probably equivalent to punching a kitten, and I'm likely to get roasted by my fellow reviewers, but this was not my intention, just my opinion, so spare me the righteous indignation please. BTW, my 9 year old daughter loved the movie and wants to see it again.
0930289234|4.0|I don't tend to read graphic novels or comic books, but I'm glad I listened to a friend's recommendation and made an exception for Watchmen, which - while it had some stark flaws - was still an absorbing and enjoyable read.<br /><br />The strength of Watchmen lies foremost with its characters.  I really enjoyed the concept of masked comic book type heroes who, with one exception, don't have actual super powers but are regular men and women - physically well-trained, intelligent, and also flawed and troubled, with different neuroses and compulsions.  My favorite is probably Rorschach, a complex well-developed character enlivened with little quirks, often presented with a strong streak of dark humor, and also given an unforgiving childhood and background.<br /><br />Watchmen never got bogged down in all its characters; their connections to one another were often presented in surprising and even startling ways, and there are moments when you realize that something was hinted at or foreshadowed in a seemingly casual bit of dialogue or minor illustrative detail.  The humor, often dark and ironic and even tongue-in-cheek, works well (there's a good deal of irony in Watchmen, used effectively).  I also enjoyed the story-within-a-story of the Black Freighter - the writing there was particularly strong and vivid, and I liked how it ultimately ties into the major conspiracy and plot at the heart of Watchmen.<br /><br />Watchmen's not without its flaws though.  When the central conspiracy/plot was revealed I found its execution and details too outlandish for suspension of disbelief, even though I did think the broader themes and idea behind it were compelling.  Another weakness lies in the character of Dr. Manhattan.  When you're confronted with a character like Dr. Manhattan, imbued with such super powers and capable of so many things, whether reconfiguring matter or teleporting to far off places, you find that the use of his powers becomes inconsistent and arbitrary; these powers are readily available to forward certain plot elements or contribute to certain details in the story's wider world, but then there are other plot elements or world-details that could also have been influenced or changed by those powers but never are, for no obvious reason except that the writer didn't want the story to go in those directions.  I much preferred the characters to operate on a more limited, but also more interesting, human scale.<br /><br />Still, I'd recommend Watchmen to other readers.  It has interesting things to say about human nature, human intentions and limitations, and though I thought the large-scale politics and the geopolitical landscape were a little too simplistic, I enjoyed the development of each character's individual worldview.
0545123267|2.0|Once upon a time, a female author decided to write a different sort of young adult romance.  The protagonist?  A nondescript teenaged girl, the only child of self-absorbed, neglectful parents.  The plot?  Said girl is romanced by an unsuitable boy.  Why is he unsuitable?  Because the boy has undergone a supernatural change that will endanger their relationship.  Not to mention that the boy's peers may want to eat the object of his affection.  And because without some sort of token plotline, the reader will be bored senseless by the endless descriptions of the young man's golden eyes.      The title?      [drumroll, please]    Shiver by Maggie Stiefvater (2009).    What?    You thought I was going to say Twilight, didn't you?    I'm definitely in the minority here, but I despise this book.  Please bear with me while I count the ways...    First, the author is clearly trying to capitalize on the myriad squealing fans of the Twilight series.  Fair enough---even bad writers have to make a living.      The vampire thing has been done to death, though, and zombies are so darned icky---ooh, I know, let's make him a werewolf.  Only instead of being subject to the phases of the moon, let him change into a wolf when the weather turns cold.  And let's increase the tension and sorrow by giving each werewolf a finite number of changes before he permanently assumes a wolf's shape---that's the ticket!    Which leads me to my second problem...if you're going to invent a supernatural scenario, give it a cursory glance to find the gaping plot holes.  If a werewolf doesn't want to turn into a wolf, why not move to a warmer climate?  The author breezily dismisses that suggestion with a brief anecdote about some werewolves that unsuccessfully attempt a move from Minnesota to Texas, where the increased ambient temperature makes them unusually susceptible to air conditioning.    And I'm thinking, really?  Is it possible that there are no heat waves in Minnesota, and no one in the state owns an air conditioner?  What happens when a werewolf opens a walk-in freezer?  If you throw a werewolf into a hot tub while he's a wolf, will he change back into a human?  And hey, why not move to a temperate microclimate like, oooh, I dunno, the San Francisco Peninsula?  The average summer temperatures are no higher than those in Minnesota but the winters are a whole lot warmer.        Third, if you're going to alternate first person narratives, give each character a distinct voice.  (The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins should be required reading for any author attempting this feat.)  All of the characters in this book sound like twenty-something young women---just like the author (what a surprise!).  The male characters are particularly unconvincing.  Need an example?  Okay, just remember...you asked for it.    On page 63, Sam, who is wounded, has turned into a human and deposited himself on Grace's doorstep.  An excerpt from his internal monologue follows:    \\"I was not a wolf, but I wasn't Sam yet, either.         I was a leaking womb bulging with the promise of conscious thoughts: the frozen woods far behind me, the girl on the tire swing, the sound of fingers on metal strings.  The future and the past, both the same, snow and then summer and then snow again.\\"    May I have a show of hands, please?  How many men in our audience ever think of themselves in terms usually reserved for a obstetrical/gynecological exam?  I mean, seriously?  A leaking womb?      Not to mention that leaking wombs don't bulge with anything but...erm...the substances that they're leaking.  Enough said!    Fortunately, that is the only jawdropper in a book peppered with bad metaphors.  (\\"We were silent, dark drops of water, rushing over brambles and around the trees as the men drove us before them.\\"  Sorry, drops of water don't rush---they fall and go splat.)  But yeah, the lousy writing and dire editing are my fourth problem with this book.    Fifth, if your hero has a dark and painful incident in his past, make him mysteriously reluctant to discuss it.  Don't have him divulge the details the moment the heroine asks!  There's a little concept called Too Much Information---character development is so much more effective when every trauma is not immediately revealed.    Sixth---why are Grace's parents so utterly clueless?  That's right---so they will conveniently be unavailable during any remotely interesting event in their offspring's life.  It's that dreaded scourge, Orphan-With-Parents Syndrome!  How bad is it?  Sam is living in their house, sleeping in their daughter's bedroom, and they don't even notice.  And once Grace says, \\"Yoo hoo!  This is my boyfriend, and he never leaves!\\" they're like, \\"That's nice dear.\\"    Yikes!  And it's not just Grace's parents that have this problem---all of the parents in this book abandoned their common sense along with their contraceptives.    Next, for pity's sake, do a little research before writing medical scenes.  The hospital in this fictitious town clearly needs to have its staff fired and accreditation yanked, and the unnecessarily dangerous lycanthropy cure that the characters attempt is obtained in such an idiotically unbelievable fashion that I nearly threw the book across the room in disgust.      Finally, if you're trying to write a romantic novel, it helps if there's at least a smidgen of sexual tension.      A few hints here.  The protagonists should maintain their personal boundaries, both physical and emotional, while they slowly get to know each other.  Alternate fear and ambivalence with love and longing.  If you choose to disregard this advice and the hero and heroine are immediately (and implausibly) drawn to each other, at least keep the readers wondering whether (not when!) their relationship will ever be consummated.       I could go on and on, but you're asking yourself, \\"If you disliked this book so intensely, why did you finish it?\\"  I guess I was trying (really hard!) to figure out what everyone else saw in this book that I couldn't.      The author conveniently leaves several key plot elements unresolved, so a sequel is undoubtedly in the works, but since I honestly don't care what happens to these characters, I'll skip it.    Not recommended.
0452289963|4.0|I like the author and the concept he presents with this book. He gives ample and detailed explanations about the ego and how it interferes with your true purpose. However, it took me a while to finish it up as I found it a little repetitive and hard to follow as it doesn't have a clear lineout
B001CD6MA6|5.0|a mi hijos le encanta la pelicula y la a visto muchas veces asi que me supongo que le gusto.
B000MV8AE0|1.0|This film is so bad it's embarrassing. Ed Harris tries to give a performance we can believe in but, in fact, we SEE him acting, the #1 \\"no, no\\" in acting. For all his blustering and out of control behaviors, there is nowhere in this film that Ed and Ludwig actually merge. Instead, what we do get is a full repetoire of Beethoven's reported excentricities and nothing of the man himself.  Music history buffs will wince at the banality of both the story and the performances.  Beethoven isn't easily depicted in only an hour and a half, or however long this thing takes.  He was a visionary, a genuis of the first order, who restructured how music would be written for the next 50 years after him (until the loathful Wagner came along and, coincidentially, wrote some of the most beautiful music, while being one of the most reprehensible of men).  Beethoven revolutionalized not only the music world, but how composers -- at least himself -- should be treated in social situations.  No longer would he enter through the side or back door reserved for tradesmen, and he refused to eat in the kitchen with the rest of the servants.  Beethoven either sat at the table with the host and the other guests, or he didn't show up! And he came in through the front door!  Beethoven has his own place in music history -- no one composing in his era even came close.  It's disappointing that the people responsible for this debacle served him so ill.  I join a growing number of people wondering when we're finally going to get a  fine Beethoven film with a subperb actor at the helm!  This is an AMADEUS-wannabe ... with none of the wit, charm, or attention to detail AMADEUS gave us.  What made that film truly remarkable was the breadth of Mozart's music the Neville Marriner and the Orchestra and Chorus of St. Martin-in-the-Field carefully selected to give us an overview of Mozart's genuis.  The only similarity between AMADEUS and COPYING BEETHOVEN is that the former  was original and worked well, while the latter tried to copy elements of AMADEUS and never succeeded.  This is a frustrating film; one of the pie-in-the-sky variety thrown together, slap, dash, which wastes everyone's time.
0060527986|5.0|This is a great book for the martial artist and spiritual seeker. Very cleverly entwined wisdom. This is the first book of him that I read and I must say it will not be my last!
0441017177|5.0|Six million years ago one Abigail fractured herself into a thousand male and female clones, sending them into the galaxy to document human empires. But her plan to have them regroup and exchange news changes when two of the clones fall in love and change their direction. Add a growing extinction threat and you have a riveting story, hard to put down and perfect for any general sci-fi library.
044024367X|4.0|I've read all the Jack Reacher books up to this one and while this one isn't what I think is his best (Echo Burning), it is certainly much better than many of the reviews indicate.  Those ratings seem more a reaction to some of the political commentary included than how good the story. Lee Child does include some of Jack's (Lee's) political opinions concerning the Iraq war and that Jack is a freethinker.  I also disagree that his fans are mostly right wing or politically conservative.  Liberals or progressives want to see the bad guys outsmarted too.
0307341569|3.0|I love a good mystery, but this was just not my cup of tea. Yes, it stays with you, but so did \\"Pet Semetary\\" and that one gave me nightmares for months. I guess I'm just not cut out for \\"dark\\" stories, plus it seemed like the suspense built forever...then woosh...it was all over. I think I'll stick with the Young Adult books for awhile...they usually at least leave me happy! I'm not giving this a bad review though, because I don't feel like it's a bad book. I just didn't enjoy the genre, I guess. Yeah...I'm a wuss.
B00008WT5M|5.0|I recently rediscovered this album after years of not listening to it. It's still awesome and hasn't aged a bit. It's worth buying just for Thunderstruck which is one of THE great anthems of our time.   Every song on here is a total headbanging classic.
B00070DK1E|4.0|Crest of a Knave - (1987) 10 Tracks (1 bonus) ****  (55:37)<br /><br />I know everybody likes to joke about how this album won the Grammy award in 1989 for Best Hard Rock / Metal Performance even though it is Not a Hard Rock or Metal album, but Crest of a Knave does have a preponderance of really good guitar work on it by Mr. Martin Barre.  Much more than most post Songs From the Wood albums, and it contains some fast-paced songs with a lot of dynamics to them.<br /><br />I think one of the reasons Barre's guitar seems so prominent is that this album has an almost \\"stripped down\\" feel to it, due to the fact that Jethro Tull as a unit are now only 3 players: Ian Anderson, Martin Barre, and David Pegg (bass guitar).  So, without a full-time keyboard player, Mr. Anderson himself filled in and kept things to a minimum in that department.  Also, there is no full-time drummer in the band as of yet, so this album features a rotating cast of none other than 3 different drummers, who obviously did not try to stand out too much.<br /><br />Other reviewers have commented on Ian Anderson's vocals on this particular album.  I was unaware of any throat problems he might have been suffering from, I just thought he changed his style to a more \\"spoken word\\" type of delivery that reminded me of Mark Knopfler of Dire Straits.  In fact, towards the end of the album, on songs without Mr. Anderson's flute, combined with the excellent guitar playing of Mr. Barre, some of these tracks definitely remind me of the Dire Straits sound of the mid-80's.<br /><br />Over all an enjoyable listen, especially if you long to hear more of Martin Barre's electric guitar prowess.  The one bonus track, Part of the Machine, is an above-average song also.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|While this series doesn't stick with the books, it is completely addictive.  The characters are cast pretty well.  I did picture Bill a little differently while reading the books, but Stephen Moyer does an excellent job with the role.  My favorite character in the books as well as the TV show is Eric.  Alexander Skarsgard is perfect as the sheriff of area 5. Yum!  Anna Paquin is great as the feisty Sookie Stackhouse.      The DVD features are ok.  The Lafayette popups are entertaining, but sometimes a little annoying.
0312370849|4.0|It had been in the back of my mind that I should read this book and when a friend recommended it, it gave me the nudge I needed to pick it up and see what I thought.  The bottom-line summary is that I liked it and am glad I read it.  However, I actually had two different reactions to the two story lines going on -- one set in July 1942 during the French roundup of Jews to be sent to Auschwitz and the other set primarily in France in 2002.<br /><br />The historical story focuses on a young girl and her family as the French police arrest thousands of Jews, mainly women and children between the ages of 2 and 12.  The family is living in an apartment in Paris and are caught up in the Nazi hatred and French cooperationg.  On that fateful day the police come and take them to a velodrome to await transportation to a another holding camp before reaching their final destination of Auschwitz.  As tragic as this story is, there is one other entwined which just breaks your heart and yet another which gives rise to hope and shows the beauty of the human soul.  This story line is captivating, heartbreaking, and the writing takes your breath away.  The writing is beautiful and the author draws pictures with words that you would rather not see.  The book also exposes a piece of French history that many people don't know about and the French try to ignore -- that they turned against their own citizens to help the Nazis during this very dark period of time. Definitely 5 stars.<br /><br />The 2002 - 2005 portion of the story is not nearly as strong for me.  While necessary to add relief from the serious and dark Holocaust, it just doesn't have the same punch.  It feels contrived at times and at the very end a little too much like a soap opera/romance novel with convenient, tied-up endings -- too nicely packaged to feel real.  It's not that it's bad, it just pales in comparison to the 1942 story.  This part I would rate 3+ stars.<br /><br />Again, well worth a read and I was caught up in the story from the first pages to the end.  A good (overall) novel.first pages to the end.  A good (overall) novel.
B001GKJ2DY|3.0|A bubbly and fun musical with lighthearted songs and great cast.  Who would have thought Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan could carry a tune and put themselves so totally into a lighthearted musical?  It works!<br /><br />If you want something happy and full of energy and jumping dance music it is a good movie to watch.<br /><br />The music is from the Swedish Rock Group, \\"Abba\\"  - and although \\"campy\\" it is fresh and vibrant again in this romantic scenario.<br /><br />Sophie, a young girl is about to be married.  (Sophie is played by Amanda Seyfried.)  She lives on a beautiful Greek island with her mother, Donna (Streep).  Together they work hard to keep up a run-down resort.  They are preparing for Sophie's wedding and Sophie feels the need to know who her real father is, and wants him with her during this special time.  She had read her mother's diary and there were three possibilities on who her father is.  She invites each to attend her wedding without her mother's knowledge.<br /><br />Sam (Pierce Brosnan), Harry (Colin Firth), and Bill (Stellan Skarsgard) all arrive on the same boat.<br /><br />Donna finds out they are at her resort and is absolutely shocked to meet her old lovers again after 20 years have patched.  Her two best friends, Tanya (Christine Baranaki) and Rosie (Julia Walters), for their advice and help on how to get through the next few days.  Sophie finds time to be with the three men and looks for clues on who her real dad is.  Again, the unexpected surprise is Streep, Brosman and even Christine Baranski - singing and having fun with this romantic romp.  No matter how schmaltzy Abba can be it is just a \\"sparkly\\"  time for all.
B002BNKQDK|4.0|The ship is amazing I didn't expect that it can emit sounds and had light.  Watchmen,the movie, is the best transposition from a graphic novel to screen ever.  As a fan of Alan Moore I can really say that film deserve an holder like this.    One sad note is that digital copy has too much limitations, just one activation and I didn't manage to put film on my windows mobile pda.
0141439688|5.0|This was the first JA book I've ever read, I really enjoyed it, and not in small part because of the footnotes, and discussion included in this penguin edition. It really helped me to understand the story and the times they were living in much better. If and when I do venture again into the classics genre I will look for others by this publisher to ease the transition from modern day reads.
0765322889|4.0|While this book has a lot of what keeps me entertained I have to agree with some of the more harsh reviews in that there are so many characters introduced that the author had no time or no inclination to develop serious depth in any of them.  If this will be accomplished in later volumes then this series has the potential to become something as entertaining as Donaldson's Gap Into Madness series.  If not it will degenerate into the status of a dungeons and dragons extraveganza and only reveal itself to be Erickson's attempt to milk a subject to death.  Since I am not quite finished with Gardens of the Moon I will at least give this series a try through the second book but if I don't start really rooting for someone in this series by the time I have finished that it will end there.    Pros:  If you like a world composed of magic, warfare and cynicism mixed in with ancient races and gods walking amongst mortals than this is for you.    Cons: If you want your characters to come to life with a depth that evokes sympathetic emotions for them from the reader than I have to say it is not here in Gardens of the Moon.  But it might become a reality in future volumes.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Not quite sure what happened...the below was attached to an inactive product link...<br /><br />  No Title Available<br /><br />Availability: This item is currently unavailable.<br /><br />  11 of 12 people found the following review helpful:<br /><br />Forever SAMCRO - YEAH!, November 25, 2008<br /><br />SAMCRO Forever - an FX Channel Original Series - That ROCKS!<br /><br />Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Original<br /><br />SAMCRO is an outlaw motorcycle club - 1% - based in the fictitious Charming, CA. The club was originated by nine Vietnam Veterans in direct response to the horrific treatment received from the very people they fought to protect when they returned home. The original purpose was to establish a group that did not conform to the rules of the establishment.<br /><br />This is by far the best new show on TV since The Closer (obviously very different genres, but the perfection of writing and acting are by far superior to anything else on TV today). Mr. Kurt Sutter is the writer, and driving force behind the show.<br /><br />Clay Morrow (Ron Perlman) and Gemma Teller-Morrow (Katy Sagal) - King and Queen of SAMCRO<br /><br />Jax Teller (Charlie Hannum) - crown Prince (or VP as he is more commonly known by the club).<br /><br />The premise is a modern-day take on Hamlet - via an outlaw motorcycle club, according to the FX official Website and other related postings.<br /><br />However, as I watch the show, it reminds me of a true Western - full-on manifest destiny, loyalty, living by a code of ethics, family, and honor - Outlaw-style!<br /><br />You have the bad guys (SAMCRO) that aren't so evil...definitely outside the law, but not looking to oppress anyone to their tyranny, drug-addition, or prostitution. They run guns obtained through the IRA...the real IRA. And the \\"good guys\\" that aren't so good...FBI agents stalking women, Chief of Police with a lucrative side business, a Sheriff on the take, a psycho ATF chick...<br /><br />Jax is the star of the show - Charlie Hannum is an excellent, irreplaceable choice to play the part. He is going through a crisis of faith, after his son (Abel) is born prematurely due to his almost-ex-wife's drug addition. During this time he finds an old journal of his father's (deceased about a decade or so before the beginning of the show), detailing his dissatisfaction with the direction SAMCRO had taken in running guns.<br /><br />The antagonists are Clay and Gemma. Clay was one of the First Nine that started the club - Jax' father's best friend. When Jax' father died, Clay and Gemma got married and Clay raised Jax with Gemma. As you watch the show, you realize that Gemma (superbly played by the most incredible Katey Sagal) is pulling all the strings, and running her son's \\"kingdom\\" according to her own internal ethical agenda, until Jax can take over.<br /><br />I cannot wait for the 1st season on DVD...and will watch this show as long as the phenomenal Kurt Sutter continues to write it.<br /><br />Mhe part. He is going through a crisis of faith, after his son (Abel) is born prematurely due to his almost-ex-wife's drug addition. During this time he finds an old journal of his father's (deceased about a decade or so before the beginning of the show), detailing his dissatisfaction with the direction SAMCRO had taken in running guns.     The antagonists are Clay and Gemma. Clay was one of the First Nine that started the club - Jax' father's best friend. When Jax' father died, Clay and Gemma got married and Clay raised Jax with Gemma. As you watch the show, you realize that Gemma (superbly played by the most incredible Katey Sagal) is pulling all the strings, and running her son's \\"kingdom\\" according to her own internal ethical agenda, until Jax can take over.     I cannot wait for the 1st season on DVD...and will watch this show as long as the phenomenal Kurt Sutter continues to write it.       M
B0000AI44Q|5.0|What can you say about Neil Young....out of pitch but still in tune. This is just another fine work from a very talented man.
0470477237|5.0|I was not sold on the relevance of social media to the business world until I read Socialnomics.  Now I am acutely aware of just how important and relevant it is to every business.  Companies doing business without the benefit of having read this book will be at a disadvantage to their savvier competition.  Qualman explains it in an entertaining fashion that will help you to use it to your advantage.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|This dvd shows Johnny Cash as we all knew him in this era.This was the time we all wanted to see him,young with the good songs and guests who were just starting out in the industry.I found this dvd was the link I was missing with Johnny.I would like to have a list of all songs and artists before I purchased though.But in this case it didn't matter.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I truly enjoyed the movie.  It's sort of a Charles Dickens meets Jane Austen.  It has the romance of a Jane Austen novel, but the social drama of a Charles Dickens drama without being too bleak.  I thought the cinematography was very good too as it helped you focus on the characters feelings and the nuances of the body language as well.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This workout changed my metabolism.   I have been doing the same type of workouts but in longer sequences for several years now.  I am a woman in my mid-40's and it is hard for me to get my body to cooperate!  I have always said a 20 minute workout is not enough for me, but this workout changed my mind, literally.  Because it is short I stick to it and don't take water or potty breaks so my metabolism stays up.  It has changed my body's response to appetite and other workouts in a good and positive way. Level 3 is P90X (Beachbody) condensed!  Thanks Jillian!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|TrueBlood is based on the series by Charlaine Harris [[ASIN:0441018238 Sookie Stackhouse 8-copy Boxed Set (Sookie Stackhouse/True Blood)]]. The series of books is excellent and highly addictive. The show is proving to be as entertaining as the books, with of course some exceptions.<br /><br />The first season of the show is based on the first book in the series [[ASIN:0441018254 Dead Until Dark: A Sookie Stackhouse Novel (Sookie Stackhouse/True Blood)]]. To add a little bit more \\"flesh\\" to the show and be able to get a whole season out of the one book, they naturally added a lot. Some of the storylines in the show weren't in the book whatsoever. This can be frustrating to a die hard book fan, but I think that they show in general is an excellent portrayal of the book.<br /><br />The show is very graphic, I wouldn't reccommend letting your [[ASIN:0316031844 The Twilight Saga Collection]] crazed teen start watching this show. It is an excellent adult show, but the nature of HBO means that its not quite appropriate for teens.<br /><br />Sexy, provacative, action-packed, innovative, and addictive are all great describing words for this show. Watch it, before you are the only one who hasn't yet!
B000NNXEH0|5.0|This order was fulfilled within days!  I'm in Hawaii.  Great vendor.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm going to make this short and sweet.  I've always had to watch what I eat and excercise to stay in shape.  I hate cardio and having to spend an hour and a half in the gym to achieve my fitness goals.  I had triplets in March and weighed 220 lbs when I gave birth.  I am 5'4\\" and 158 lbs as of right now.  My goal is to get down to 130 lbs.  I recently paid $800 for a Personal Trainer for 12 sessions.  I still have 5 sessions left with him and after doing 6 days of the Level 1 workout with Jillian, I will not be calling him back.  I wish I would've found this DVD beforehand.  The workouts are short, sweet and effective just what a workout should be as far as I'm concerned.  You will sweat, get side cramps, curse and want to pass out the first couple days, but it does get easier.  I am on day 7 and already feel stronger!  Just give it a try!  I know you have 20 minutes a day for 30 days, what's the harm in giving it a try?
B000ZEE3I6|4.0|Professor Minerva McGonagall: [to Harry, Ron, & Hermione] Why is it, that whenever anything happens, it's always you three?<br />Ron Weasley: Believe me, Professor. I've been asking myself that same question for the past six years.<br /><br />Short attention span summary (SASS):<br /><br />1. Dark times are at hand for both wizards and muggles, as the Death Eaters wreak a destructive path across both worlds.<br />2. Draco has a special assignment from you-know-who, which has his mum distressed enough to seek a bodyguard for him.<br />3.  Hogwarts turns into hormone central as teenagers start getting googly-eyed, and sometimes enlist magical assistance in matters of the heart.<br />4. Quidditch is always good entertainment, and so is a little walk down memory lane, a hunt for a dark treasure and a dramatic ending.<br />5. Still not enough Bellatrix Lestrange (the always amazing Helena Bonham Carter) - MORE MORE!!!<br /><br />This is a rather good interpretation of a book that was largely about young love at Hogwarts (except of course for the ending), and although it was long, it held the interest painlessly.  I never expected much from this one, seeing as it isn't much more than a scene setter for the two grand finales, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.<br /><br />The young actors have settled down well in their roles, and the rest of the cast fit as comfortably as always.  Jim Broadbent makes a perfect Horace Slughorn, and Alan Rickman, Helena Bonham Carter and Dame Maggie Smith (albeit in a small role this time) continue to excel.  Kudos also to Bonnie Wright who plays Ginny Weasley, a character that has finally come into her own on screen.<br /><br />Highly recommended for all Potter fans, even if only to get your fix before the next movie.<br /><br />Albus Dumbledore: You must be wondering why I brought you here.<br />Harry Potter: Actually Sir, after all these years I just sort of go with it.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, August 17, 2009
B001F12J0C|5.0|My husband picked this set out as a birthday present for our son.  They are both big fans of all three movies, so it made a great gift.  The movies are great if you like non-stop action, intrique, and want to wonder who's behind what.
B0019LY5I2|4.0|Short attention span summary (SASS):<br /><br />1. GI Joe goes global, hi-tech and impossibly awesome<br />2. Bad guys include the standard megalomaniac with Gaelic accent, mad scientist, hot chick, martial arts expert  and a horde of nano-mites, capable of never-before-seen destruction unless someone hits the kill-switch<br />3. Good guys include General with a heart of gold, hunky lead, comic relief sidekick, hot chick number 2, martial arts expert number 2, computer hacker and dependable strong arm guy.<br />4. The plot obviously involves good guys trying to stop bad guys from unleashing havoc and mass destruction yada yada yada, amidst a maze of flashbacks and little snippets of snappy dialogue.<br />5. Massive CGI and action extravaganza follows, including, but not limited to, easily accessible underground fortresses, a little cat fight, awesome weaponry, cool super-suits, planes, trains and automobiles, space age submarines, altered henchmen, a polar bear and the amazing sinking polar ice-cap.<br /><br />This movie may be totally inaccurate and impossible, but you can't fault the in-your-face non-stop action for light summer movie fare.  We may not always have Paris, but fans of improbable action movies should like this just fine.  Being capable of not thinking too much on a hot August afternoon, this was an enjoyable escape from reality.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, August 17, 2009
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I had only watched some episodes of Sex and the city but never the whole seasons. I really enjoyed the complete series. I would advise it to anyone who like to laugh and is romantic.
B00260HH3K|3.0|Dragonball Evolution / B00260HH3K<br /><br />*Spoilers*<br /><br />I am a huge \\"Dragonball Z\\" fan, although I'll admit to never getting terribly involved in the original \\"Dragonball\\", largely because I felt the material was directed at a younger audience. The best description I can give, therefore, of \\"Dragonball Evolution\\" is that it attempts to combine the plot arc of \\"Dragonball\\" with the maturity of \\"Dragonball Z\\", with mixed results. And, I suspect, this mixture is part of why the movie was so poorly received.<br /><br />I'll start with the things I like about the movie. Although this is yet another variation on young-boy-learns-to-fight-and-gets-the-girl in a long series of westernized kung fu movies, I appreciate the fact that the young boy in question (Goku) starts out understanding that strength isn't about beating the bullies' faces in. I also appreciate that 'the girl' in question that he gets is a competent fighter in her own right, whilst eschewing the cliches of \\"angry silent girl\\" and/or \\"bubblehead manic pixie dream girl\\". Seriously, the Chi Chi depicted here seems like a normal, real human girl and that in of itself is a rarity in these movies. Bonus points for the fact that in humanizing Chi Chi, they avoided the \\"violent shrew\\" characterization that unfortunately pervades \\"Dragonball Z\\".<br /><br />As far as other \\"Dragonball\\" references go, Goku is fairly well played - a sweet natured boy learning to master his own strength. Of course, I was extremely disappointed that we didn't get a 'super saiyan' transformation, but this is DB, not DBZ, after all. Bulma is extremely well done - maintaining all the cleverness, spunk, and bravery of the cartoon version with none of the shrewish whining that gets shoe-horned in from time to time. Roshi (Chow Yun-Fat) is scandalously true to form, but with an uncharacteristic seriousness, and Yamcha is well-played even if his entire purpose seems to be for an incredibly badly-dialogued romance with Bulma, but whatever.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I doubt this movie will please more than a handful. Hardcore Dragonball fans will probably be infuriated by the advanced age of the characters, the characterization changes, and the massive plot cuts performed in order to fit an entire TV series into a single movie. Dragonball Z fans will appreciate the aging and characterization, but will be turned off by the simplistic MacGuffin-fetching nature of the movie - something that Dragonball Z pretty much abandoned after the Namek/Frieza sagas. And, of course, movie-goers just looking for entertainment will point out that the plot is too cookie-cutter and well-worn to be of interest for long.<br /><br />Honestly, I wish I knew what the movie producers were thinking when they approved this script. I realize that MacGuffin-fetching quests in which everyone learns something are easy to churn-and-burn onto film, and maybe they will gross a profit at the end, but it would have been smarter, in my opinion, to discard the manic (and overdone) \\"collect dragonballs!\\" plot and instead focus on, say, the evolution of Piccolo or Vegeta from 'bad guy' to 'good guy' and focus on the redemptive powers of acceptance and friendship and working towards a common goal. A movie like that could have all the action you could want, but with a fine undercurrent of philosophy and well-written characterization, and I suspect would be far more interesting to viewers. Bad/Good-Guys are perpetually interesting, after all, and it would be a much more unusual plotline than \\"everyone want magic ball, go get magic ball\\" that has been done and redone so many times. But, hey, that's just my own opinion.<br /><br />Rent \\"Dragonball Evolution\\" if you're interested in a well-worn kung fu plotline that you've seen before a hundred times, but with slightly more fantastical characters and slightly better dialogue than some of the other clones out there. And if that sounds like criticism in the guise of faint praise, there could besomething to that theory.<br /><br />This movie provides English closed captions for the hearing impaired.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardollsomething to that theory.<br /><br />This movie provides English closed captions for the hearing impaired.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardoll
B00005MP58|5.0|I am fond of Pride and Prejudice and especially this version. So it was a real pleasure to watch it in DVD!!!  I think that if you like Jane Austen, you will love this movie.
6305161992|3.0|I kinda loved this movie in the 80s for the martial arts scenes as it all new to me back in the 80s.Obviously, if you watch it now, fights are just slow and cheesy.But well, its good entertainment.    This DVD has no subtitles and basically just the movie.    I wont comment much of the movie because it is a straight forward  martial arts movie.I was hoping I could get to see some behind the scenes or deleted scenes if any.    However, the picture quality is pretty vivid even though it is a almost 2 decades old and it does have Dolby stereo features.    Unless u loved the 80s or a fan of either Dolph Lundgren or Brandon Lee,you may want to miss this one.
B000Z27HLS|3.0|This is a very good movie for everyone who like Jane Austen, but I really prefer Pride and Prejudice or Sense and sensibility.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|WOW!  The Complete First Season of the new hit Star Wars The Clone Wars series is finally coming out soon!  My favorite episodes are Ambush, Rookies, and the Lair Of Grievous.  For some reason though, General Grievous only appears in not even half of this Season because Count Dooku kicked him out because Grievous can't even kill Kit Fisto when he broke into his lair.  Some of these episodes have some good authentic Star Wars moments, but for some reason, whenever Ahsoka Tano pops up, she ruins the moment!  I bet some Tano-haters probably wished that she died when she was infected by the Blue Shadow Virus.  I can't wait for Season Two!  However, I think the movie is better!
B0002HZ18C|5.0|This model is very realistic, My family worked on tug boats for 3 generations,I know tug boats.great fun and easy to make.
0552998486|5.0|Sorry for late response.  Delivery and state of product was perfect - thank you!    Kind regards,  Melissa
B0002858YS|5.0|Hot Fuss by The Killers is the best album I have heard in many, many years. Brandon Flowers is a wonderful vocalist and songwriter, there's just something about this guy that I like. Every song on Hot Fuss is packed with catchy melodies and unique and heartfelt lyrics. Jenny Was A Friend of Mine has a killer hook while Smile Like You Mean It is the saddest song ever! The best album of 2004 and could easily be the best album of the 21st century. Buy this new wave gem today!
B0000844M8|5.0|the country views were beauitful,the story was happy, sad, and had ending that potrayed real life even if it does not have ahappy ending for the animals that are released.
0743497465|5.0|Now this book was a thriller from the beginning. Did not want to put the book down.  Every page was like what is going to happen next, keeps you at the edge of your seat that is for sure.<br />  Poor Rachel the father she has is  he should not be her father at all. Did not even care that she was in danger all he cared about was basically himself and himself.  I laughed when she slaped him that was funny, could not stop laughing.<br />  Rachel works with these people in Washington thinking she can trust them but in the end can you trust anybody espically someone that is your boss? Dan Brown is truly a master of thrillers and I look forward reading more of his books.
B000EDWKXI|5.0|Academy Award winner Heath ledger stars as Casanova, the world's most famous ladies man, in a beautifully produced film. The movie follows Casanova from his philandering days with women to the point where he meets the lady of his dreams who doen't want to have anything to do with him. With beautiful costumes, amazing scenery, and exquisite production detail, \\"Casanova\\" will satisfy the most ardent fans of historical movies. The film is in essence a romantic comedy with a bit of drama thrown in. Heath Ledger, who had just finished his amazing performance in \\"Brokeback Mountain playing a gay cowboy, shows his versatility as an actor in this piece. Larry King of CNN says, \\"\\"Casanova is what movies are all about. An absolute delight\\". The DVD is filled with informative bonuses including the featurette \\"Creating An Adventure- The Making of Casanova\\". Another detailed feature is \\" Dressing In Style\\" in which the dress designers discuss how the fabulous costumes came to be created. This is one of the more insightful bonuses as the costumes became as important a character in the film as the actors themselves. The outfights are simply breathtaking. Sit back and enjoy a marvelous film. Sound is dolby digital with 5.1 Surround Sound and french and spanish subtitles are included. The movie runs 111 minutes.
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|Superb adaptation from an ok comic.I never considered the graphic novel to be anything special and I downright hate the artwork it would have worked far better in black and white.But the movie was visually more in line with the story and thank god the squid was not in the movie.It really was the stupidest thing in the comic.Movie was perfectly paced and most of the actors were great ,I especially liked both Nightowl actors.soundtrack and the pop songs were also good.
630469654X|5.0|This is a great movie for the family as long as the children are around ten or so.  It is mythic fantasy, fast paced and beautiful to watch.  It is nice to own it because we like to reprise it periodically and it is hard to find to rent.
B00288KNL8|4.0|Nothing seems to be able to beat Nightmare before christmas.Coraline was gorgeous to look and had great voice-actors and pretty good plot(I have never read the original story)but something was missing to make it a classic.Or maybe I had too high expectations...
B001RXB4FY|5.0|These guys have a great sound--old school metal riffs mixed with some punk. I love it.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|This was such a great series!  They should have gone on and filmed the entire Roman Empire!
0765322889|5.0|Instead of reviewing the book, I will review the series.  Stylistically, that is, rather than plot-wise, because I don't wish to share spoilers.    The first thing to realize is that this series is HUGE.  Once it gets rolling, the dramatis personae at the front of the book usually numbers 80-100 characters, and they're all fairly relevant people.  The map spans either 4 or 5 continents, the uncertainty coming because a) we never get a map of the world entire and b) I can't pin down whether one of the empires is on the continent of Assail or not.  The races involved are legion--I can think of 9 pure races with 3 or 4 more mixed races common enough to have separate names, and not a single one of them reminds me of any sort of elf or orc.  Oh, not to mention a large number of demon species.  And of course, since Erikson is an anthropologist, the cultures are incredibly rich and complex.  In fact, even if he only had humans, the sheer culture building he achieves within their nations would be a cut above anything I've seen from any other fantasist.    With an arena this huge, the world-building cannot be done in one book.  In fact, in the middle of book 8, he's still showing us new corners we hadn't heard of yet.  The upshot is that for those of us who came to fantasy for the swords and sorcery but stayed for the complexity and intrigue, we get inundated with detail and nuance to challenge us beyond anything we've encountered. The downshot is that early in the series there are inevitable \\"deus ex machina\\" moments because something that seems like a major plot point for that particular book, was really just a minor point in the whole series and hence a good time to introduce that race/magical item/etc.    I'm not always happy with the characterization.  Most of the characters have already been through the trials and tribulations that formed them into the hardened badasses that they are now, and so most of the plot centers around what these hard men and women do rather than how they grow or develop.  That's a good thing in its measure, but I sometimes miss the classic trappings of coming-of-age fantasy.  The few young characters in this series don't so much come of age as come to despise themselves.  This springs from Erikson's ability to place every single decision directly in the middle of a grey area, where everything everybody does is horrendously necessary but far from riteous.    Some have complained about the writing style, specifically about the way Erikson jumps from character to character.  This is something that must be lived with, because it never changes throughout the series.  He rarely sticks with a character perspective for more than 5 pages straight, and a single chapter usually takes place in 3 or 4 isolated locations.  This makes the endings of books particularly frustrating, and I do wish he could converge most of his perspectives for the last 100-200 pages of each book.  Easier said than done I'm sure, but I don't have to be happy about it.    Apart from the perspectives, the writing is mostly superb.  His vocabulary is the best I've encountered in the genre, the characters have highly varied and often hilariously unique ways of expressing themselves, and every sentence is generally well-crafted.  However, toward the middle of the series I felt he would wax theoretical far too often, bogging down the story with excessive commentary on human nature and such, and he also picks out a favorite word now and then and uses it excessively for a volume or two (sussuration was one of the more overused.)    To wrap things up, the first book leaves a lot unanswered, but in subsequent volumes you learn TONS about the races, the magic system, the unique pantheon of gods, and a whole host of other things.  It's not a series you can put down for more than a month at a time, because you'll forget too much.  They aren't books you should spend more than 3 weeks reading, because you'll be reading too slowly to retain it all withoutannoying measures like notes (which I'd never be willing to do.)  But if you read fast enough, it never FEELS like learning, just a gradual, well-paced unveiling.  It's intense, for sure, but never laborious.
0762434279|1.0|The book took about 3 weeks to get here and when it finally arrived, it wasn't even the right order. Very disappointed. Zero stars if it were possible.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Title says it all. Great music from an amazing artist. Great classic album to add to your MJ collection.
B001FB55H6|1.0|I ordered this Watchmen Blu-ray and looked forward to receiving it. Until today I did not receive it because I was informed that this Blu-ray is prohibited to be shipped out to me as it is R-rated. I was not warned when I placed the order. Of course I was disappointed.
B001GQACGO|4.0|Decent CD set you can listen to all the way through.  Bonus CD is a plus.  Bought this for my wife and she likes it.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This set is simply amazing in HD. Yes, the full, sharp HD we expect is not always there simply due to fact that some of it was shot in low-light conditions and in many cases with telephoto lenses but those moments are few. The only, and I mean the ONLY complaint I have about the Blu-ray version of Planet Earth is that it lacks the bonus programs that the DVD version has; namely, on the DVD release, each episode is accompanied by its own behind-the-scenes short called \\"Planet Earth Diaries.\\" Those shorts have not been included in either the HD-DVD or the Blu-ray releases (probably because they were all shot in standard definition). The DVD release also includes the 3-part series \\"Planet Earth: The Future\\" which is not present in either HD version.    I actually bought the DVD version first so I have the extra content, but since I now have a 47-inch 1080p unit I have bought it again in HD. And it is too much hassle to swap out the Blu-ray for the DVD when a given episode is over just to watch a 10-minute behind-the-scenes short.    But don't let that stop you. Buy it on Blu-ray anyway! The trade-off is definitely worth it.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Been a long time fan. Great comeback cd. Unfortunately I have to cringe while listening to the way this thing is mixed. C'mon. Please fix. We have the technology. Or is it too late? Music....4 stars. Sound....1 star. Disappointed!!!! Listen to the bass drum on \\"The Day That Never Comes\\". Has such a distinct clipping sound...don't cha think? The rest of the music just lacks dynamic range. My son's band has made better quality recordings with less expensive equipment. This one should be a freebie. Anyone who disagrees is probably close to deafness already. Would be another great Metallica cd if the sound was there. Hopefully they can remix it. I would then give it a totally different review.  Even though the music is good, I give it 2 stars only because of sound quality and the fact that I paid for it. Nuff said.
B0007TKNCY|5.0|Item arrived very quickly, sooner than expected, and was in excellent condition.  Would order from this seller again!
0307236722|4.0|Martha Stewart makes beautiful desserts. This book showcases her talent and homemade yummy baked creations! Perfect for all baking occasions!
B001C3KCSY|5.0|This CD was recommended to me by Amazon, based on some other music I've purchased (how, I don't know).  I'm always looking for new bands to fall for, so I gave it a listen.  I was immediately hooked by the first song, Closer, both musically and lyrically.  The second, Crawl, had a great sound and lyrics too.  Third, Sex on Fire, very cool!  This CD is very different than what I usually listen to, I was surprised at myself for liking it so much.  After listening to all the samples, I decided to purchase it.  I was actually anxious waiting for it to arrive, couldn't wait to hear the songs in their entirety.  Now understand that I'm new to KOL.  I did listen to the samples of their previous CDs, but I just wasn't as drawn to them as I was to Only By The Night.  I realize that their sound has changed dramatically, based on others reviews of this latest CD.  I understand fans don't usually care for such a drastic change in the sound of a band they already like.  However, I just LOVE this CD!  Absolutely love it!  Caleb's voice and singing style is definitely unique.  Maybe it's not for everyone, but I totally dig it.  I've been playing this CD for days now, I can't seem to stop... I don't want to.    It's different, but give it a chance... it's soulful, penetrating and addictive.  I really think this CD will catch a new audience, like it caught me.
1439138311|4.0|At the beginning of BROOKLYN, Eilus Lacey seems to be stuck in a dead-end small town in Ireland with no prospects other than working as a clerk in a grocery store, but then her sister arranges for her to get a job working in a department store in Brooklyn and she emigrates to the United States.<br /><br />A Catholic priest has arranged for a place for Eilus to stay near the church and her landlady rules with an iron fist. Eilus is so homesick she seems to be going through drug withdrawal, but then the Catholic priest begins to hold Friday night dances and that's where she meets her boyfriend. Things are looking up at work, and she's taking a night course in bookkeeping, where she's doing very well. BROOKLYN is definitely a coming-of-age story. We see Eilus grow from a shy little wallflower to a sophisticated lady much like her sister, Rose, back in Ireland.<br /><br />Perhaps the most interesting facet of the novel is the people Eilus interacts with. The lady she works for back in Ireland is downright mean. She treats her fulltime girl, Mary, like a slave and never loses an opportunity to tell her how worthless she is. The other girls who live with Eilus in the Brooklyn are just as spiteful in their own way. There's a young girl who lives there who is paying for her rent by doing odd jobs around the house. The other girls refuse to have anything to do with her because she's a \\"scrubber,\\" someone who does menial labor. It's hard to figure out exactly when this occurs. It's sometime after WWII and we only get it nailed down when Eilus goes to watch the Dodgers play at Ebbetts field, the year after Bobby Thompson hit \\"The shot heard `round the world.\\"<br /><br />Although Eilus makes great strides as a person, she doesn't seem to be able to make up her mind, especially when it comes to men. When she is called home to Ireland for a family emergency, she falls back into her old lifestyle as though she's never left and Brooklyn seems like a dream, making her seem rather shallow. I have to give this four stars because I liked Eilus so much and because Tolbin doesn't try to jazz the story up by creating artificial twists.is four stars because I liked Eilus so much and because Tolbin doesn't try to jazz the story up by creating artificial twists.
B001PPLIEG|4.0|The Bottom Line:    Quantum of Solace falls firmly in the middle of the 22 Bond films and distinctly behind the excellent Casino Royale but Craig continues his terrific embodiment of the role, Olga Kurylenko is another interesting Bond girl and there are some standout sequences (the propeller plane chase, the opera scene) that make the film worthy of a recommendation; it's not a masterful film but if you crave 007 it'll probably serve you well.    3/4
B001V9LRV0|5.0|I bought this for my husband and he was blown away by many things...the packaging and the special surprises that were enclosed. The quality is superb and the footage is detailed and you get to see many stories about that amazing weekend.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|The Bottom Line:    A story of dissidence and espionage in East Germany behind the Iron Curtain, The Lives of Others is a powerful and moving film that's also a tense thriller and never anything less than riveting; an unbelievable debut film from German director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, this is a film that will be remembered for quite some time.    3.5/4
1416550542|2.0|I was so excited to read this book, but leaden prose and a very poor sense of history bog down this silly plot. Morton has outgrown some of her more painful imitations of better writers, but the introduction of Frances Burnett is painful, a cheap joke; her ideas of how the classes interacted is banal and foolish; and her characterizations are desperately weak. For a mindless read if you are trapped somewhere like prison, I suppose you could endure it, but why bother when there are much better books out there?<br />At least she didn't steal her characters wholesale from Nancy Mitford this time.
6305090564|4.0|So what if this isn't a realistic movie? It has monsters in it, so therefore there's some lack of logic to some things. It's meant for entertainment, and it does its job very well. It's chock full of suspense and action, and some dark humor as well. It's not the best of all monster movies, but it still doesn't disappoint. The cast is good, too, though Kevin J O'Connor did seem to steal the show a bit too much. But other than that, this is an exceptionally entertaining monster movie. I give it a B+.
B001W6S0C6|4.0|THE FILM:<br /><br />It may be only the third-best Batman movie of all time, but every superhero film that has come after it owes something to Batman '89.  By now you've read a lot of reviews of this film and you know what's good about it, so I won't bore you with that here.  Instead I'll balance them, and not with vitriol or hatred but with a cold dose of reality.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson is really the star of the show, and he's far more exciting than Batman is in this movie.  There are elements of the Joker that seem a bit too cartoony here, but nevertheless he's unquestionably evil and undeniably insane.  It's one of Nicholson's favorite roles and deservedly so.  Billy Dee Williams is a great Harvey Dent, but he's given nothing to do.  That one will bug me forever.<br /><br />Michael Keaton and Kim Basinger are wonderful in their roles despite being woefully miscast.  Keaton looks as much like Batman as Kim Basinger does, but the guy really sells the character and while I would have preferred another actor in the role, I definitely like his work here.  Burton said he didn't know how to put a big tough guy in a batsuit and not have it come off cheesy.  In a lot of ways he was probably the wrong director for this film, but on the other hand in 1989 there were still a lot of people who could only think of Adam West when somebody said Batman, so Burton's job was to demolish and then rebuild the public perception of the character and his mythos.  Despite his lack of experience and technical expertise, Burton may well have been the only guy in 1989 who could have accomplished that.  I may prefer Christopher Nolan's Batman films, but I also recognize that without this movie, the ones I like more would never exist.<br /><br />In some respects, the film hasn't aged well.  It's plagued by badly-lit matte paintings, obvious miniatures, and mostly lackluster cinematography.  Anton Furst's beautiful set design is mostly responsible for making the movie as visually striking as it is, a feat made more remarkable by the fact that Burton has no idea how to shoot it.  And that is, really, at the core of the film's weaknesses.  Burton was young, relatively inexperienced, and didn't really know how to make this kind of movie: what passes for action sort of plods along, the matte work is dodgy and at least one shot early in the movie marks some of the worst post-production ever seen in a major motion picture.  Danny Elfman's now-classic score is really all that propels the film.  It's a great score and arguably Elfman's best work.  I think it would be a completely different film without that music.<br /><br />THE BLU-RAY:<br /><br />I bought this blu-ray because I don't have the two-disc DVD set, and my old single-disc, snapper-case edition is almost unwatchable - not for the film itself but the presentation was that bad.  As I said above, the film's visuals are striking on the one hand and poorly executed on the other, making for a frustrating experience, and while the blu-ray edition finds the colors more vibrant and the picture much clearer, it can't fix the problems inherent to the movie itself.  Still, this edition looks at least as good as the film did onscreen in 1989 and I haven't seen it this way in twenty years.<br /><br />If you already own the two-disc collector's edition that Warner's put out a few years ago I'm not sure you need to bother with this edition, unless you really love this movie and want to have the booklet, or are trying to update your entire collection to blu-ray.  If you don't have that 2-disc DVD, this blu-ray is definitely worth the money.  Its best selling point is the extensive catalogue of special features, and since I don't own the 2-disc DVD set, this blu-ray was a treat for me if only for that.  And nostalgia.  There was definitely nostalgia involved.<br /><br />THE VERDICT:<br /><br />It's a really great blu-ray release of a pretty good movie.  The film, however, has a strong place in the history of cinemaand is largely responsible for all the superhero movies that come out every summer.  It's for that reason that it deserves this release.  Someone else said you won't use it to show off your hi-def TV.  I second that.  But if you're like me, you'll put the thing in to see how it looks and end up watching the whole movie.  It's still the best of the 90's Batman movies; the only one that's still watchable.  Not a masterpiece by any means, but a flawed classic.that come out every summer.  It's for that reason that it deserves this release.  Someone else said you won't use it to show off your hi-def TV.  I second that.  But if you're like me, you'll put the thing in to see how it looks and end up watching the whole movie.  It's still the best of the 90's Batman movies; the only one that's still watchable.  Not a masterpiece by any means, but a flawed classic.
055380684X|3.0|I began reading The Talent Code with enthusiasm, as the subject matter is certainly captivating. Almost everyone would like to know how to increase skills more efficiently. However, even as the engaging writing kept the pages turning quickly, the author's glib approach to the subject began to turn me off.    Vulgarization, in the sense of making arcane scientific insights accessible to the public, is not a bad thing. But is it really necessary in its literal sense, as when the author chooses to describe learning phenomena with unfortunate labels such as \\"the Holy (profane word for excrement*) Effect\\"? Or insistently hammer diverse conceptual nails with his simplistic biologic explanation of \\"Mr. Myelin\\", the insulating substance of the nervous system's \\"wiring\\" that accelerates impulse conduction? As Mr. Coyle himself briefly admits, to focus on myelination as the basis of learning is to ignore the synaptic connections between nerves that have traditionally been the basis for neurological inquiry into this field. Not that the underlying mechanism really affects a practical examination of how skill is acquired, but it tends to make him selective in the aspects he presents.    As a journalist, Daniel Coyle certainly writes in an easily readable style, but his lack of scientific credentials (despite \\"personally speaking to neurologists for several hours\\") might make his explanations seem superficial even to a non-specialist reader. Even the fundamental methodology that led him to his overconfident subtitle is suspect.  He focuses on visiting \\"talent hotbeds\\" throughout the world that seem to generate disproportionately high rates of enhanced performance in various fields, ranging from violin-playing to skateboarding. The problem with this is that, despite his arguments as to how environment can modify motivation, participants (and parents) are preselected to be motivated in this approach, biasing the results. If the \\"ten years to mastery\\" principle is to be believed, motivation, rather than practice or coaching, is fundamental. Particularly in sports, the participants also would tend to have already demonstrated some of the \\"talent\\" that is so insistently dismissed. To truly understand what motivates and shapes skill acquisition, it would be more interesting to deliberately look outside of \\"hotbeds\\", and particularly into the realm of adult learning, which is barely addressed in this book.     The most telling weakness underlying all the advice in this book is revealed inadvertently by one of the \\"master coaches'\\" comments: that after ten years of practice, one \\"better be good\\". Well, a lot of people won't.  The fact that this isn't demonstrated in \\"hotbeds\\" is because they are no longer there!     The Talent Code's emphasis on the facile concept of \\"deep practice\\" reminds me of a similar book on this topic, Talent is Overrated. Both books could be subtitled \\"Simplification is Overrated\\".  They are both entertaining reads that inform at a basic level, but over-reach to sensationalist conclusions.    *Even though it sells the book, Amazon does not allow the profane word to be repeated in this book review.
B00243FQFA|5.0|I was impressed by the speed of shipping.  Once I ordered the item it got here very quickly.  Haven't had a chance to watch it yet.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|One of the best CDs I've purchased in years.  A must for any Kanye fan.
0553277472|5.0|This book is not about classic and romantic or function and form.  Granted, these are topics that are discussed.  But the main thrust of the book is about how we understand things, the most important things, like who we truly are, that is, our true nature, beyond all delusions and ego, beyond the dualistic view of subject and object.  Pirsig gets at this by examining Quality, a term that changes meaning as the book progresses, ultimately coming to mean Reality itself, the true reality.  Along the way, values are discussed, the nature of rational thought and ways of approaching the ultimate Meaning are discussed.  First Quality is left undefined.  Then he attempts to define it.  He argues with Greek scholars.  He blames Aristotle and Plato for snuffing out the Sophists, who teach rhetoric and aspire to reach arete, excellence, which Pirsig says is the same as Quality, or Dharma, or the Tao.  He says that acceptance of the ideas of Aristotle and Plato have led to a dualistic mythos that carries on to the present day, resulting in technology that is lacking Quality because separation of subject and object lead to a lack of care.  Finally, Pirsig realizes he should have left Quality undefined, that it is in fact beyond definition.  He realizes the futility of rational thought in his quest for ultimate answers and gives up his intellectualizing, letting go of everything, all ideas and wants and desires, and in doing so reaches the core of his being.  He steps outside the mythos of his culture and looks bad in doing it and ends up getting electroshock therapy.  The culture pronounces him insane.  But he's not, and in the end he realizes it.
0321525655|5.0|Too often management consultants think the world is full of management consultants and forget that not everyone loves PowerPoints slides and wants to discuss the complex meaning of shape and colour of each shape.    This book helps is not just about presentations but extends to best practices and theories for communication in general.
141690977X|5.0|I bought this book about a month ago after having it on my \\"want list\\" for a while.  I have only skimmed through it a couple times, but I found it to be a great pick me up.  It reminds me not to settle for anything (any guy) less than I deserve.  If you are like me and have dated the bad boys who don't really put much effort into the relationship but still string you along, this book is a great to give you a wake up call.  I love it.  It is a must for any woman's library.
B000ASATZ8|4.0|I Loved it i was just what my son wanted for Christmas and Only amazon had it.
B002BIULQ2|5.0|I am a 31 year old full time student who loves country music.  On a hot summer day I decided to cool off by going to the movies.  There was nothing I wanted to see so I asked the ticket salesperson for a recommendation.  She asked if I \\"liked Sci-Fi or country music genre's more?\\" To which I replied 'country music'.  She told me, \\"Go see the Hannah Montana Movie\\"  I thought. 'Hannah Montana' aren't I a bit old to enjoy it.  And I know she knew what I was thinking.  She said, \\"I'll bet you the price of the ticket you'll LOVE it!\\" meaning a free replacement movie ticket if I hated it.  I said OK.  It was 2 hours in Air Conditioning so I had nothing to lose.    This movie was entertaining, had my favorite country stars singing in it, told a heartwarming coming of age story, and had a little romance sub plot to boost!    I have now been 'Hannah Montana'-ified.  I will be buying the movie as soon as it is released and urge everyone to give it a single watch through.  You'll enjoy it, whether you admit it to yourself or not!
B001L4NJIO|5.0|Let me first say that this review is for the blue-ray only. The package came with 2 cds that I have not listened to and probably never will. Anyway, the band's performance is first rate. They all played with enthusiasm and there were no slackers! There's big sound coming from such a little band. And that sound is fantastic! The Dolby TrueHD recording is flawless. The mix is just as good. I find most 5.1 live recordings to be unlistenable, usually because the producer thought it would be cool to actually put instruments behind you. This mix is perfect. The show comes at you CLEARLY from up front and the surrounds have just the right amount of ambient sound (audience and reflected music) to put you in the crowd. I'm really not a big Police fan, but they played and sounded so good that I enjoyed all the songs, even the ones I don't particularly care for (do do do, da da da, etc). Don't let the \\"compression conspiracy fanatics\\" scare you off. This is a LIVE show that sounds like a well recorded LIVE show. If your equiptment handles the new audio codecs and you even like just a few of their songs, buy this!<br />  PS Buy-the-way the camera work is also excellent. Not alot of incessant jumping around with inappropriate close-ups. Enjoy!
B001E75QGG|4.0|It had been nearly 20 years since the third \\"Indiana Jones\\" film (\\"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade\\") was in theaters. Popular director/producers Steven Spielberg (\\"Jaws\\", \\"Close Encounters of the Third Kind\\", \\"E.T.\\", \\"Jurassic Park\\" and many more) and George Lucas (\\"Star Wars\\" films and \\"American Graffiti\\") who worked on the trilogy billed the third film as the final film but in the last two decades, both men including Indiana Jones main actor, Harrison Ford (\\"Star Wars\\" related films, \\"Air Force One\\", \\"Patriot Games\\", etc.) , have been asked when the next \\"Indiana Jones\\" film will be created.<br /><br />According to Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford brought it up to him in the late 90's about doing another film and sure enough, the stars were aligned (mainly Spielberg finding a story from Lucas that he and Ford would both approve of) and thus a new Indiana Jones film was created. The film would reunite Spielberg, Lucas and Ford with composer John Williams (\\"Jurassic Park\\" films, \\"Star Wars\\" films, \\"Indiana Jones\\" films, \\"Harry Potter\\" related films, etc.), editor Michael Kahn and Stan Winston Studio. The film would have a screenplay by David Koepp (\\"Jurassic Park\\", \\"Mission: Impossible\\" and \\"Spider-Man\\"), cinematography by Janusz Kaminski (\\"Saving Private Ryan\\", \\"Schindler's List\\" and \\"War of the Worlds\\") and production designs by Guy Dyas (\\"X2' and \\"Superman Returns\\").<br /><br />The film would reprise the Indiana Jones role made popular by Harrison Ford, mark the return of \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" actress Karen Allen as Marion Ravenwood and star top talents Cate Blanchett (\\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\", \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" films and \\"Babel\\") as Dr. Irina Spalko, Shia LaBeouf (\\"The Transformers\\" films, \\"Eagle Eye\\" and \\"The Greatest Game Ever Played\\") as Mutt Williams, John Hurt (\\"The Lord of the Rings\\" films, \\"Harry Potter\\" films and \\"V for Vendetta\\") as Professor Oxley and Jim Broadbent (\\"Harry Potter\\", \\"The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe\\" and \\"Robots\\") as Dean Charles Standsforth.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is featured in 1080p High Definition and right off the bat, this film looks incredibly gorgeous on Blu-ray. The film sports vibrant colors, detail is just amazingly clear, everything about the film showcases detail. May it be the surroundings of the Mayan jungle, the skeletons, the clothing, the people... You name it, detail is clear and the transfer is just amazing. Definitely one of the best looking Blu-ray video transfers among the many Blu-ray releases of 2008!<br /><br />As for audio, audio is presented in Dolby TrueHD 5.1. and the lossless track is just as equally incredible compared to the picture quality. With the number of action sequences included in \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\", audio is immersive as front channels showcase the action sequences and musical score, center channel showcases the dialogue which is nice and clear. LFE showcases the booms from the many explosions seen in the film and gunshots and vehicles whizzing and featured through the surrounds are also in abundance.<br /><br />Personally, for a film of this caliber, I was not expecting anything less than magnificent for picture and audio quality and Paramount delivers with this awesome Blu-ray release. Audio and Videophiles should definitely be happy with this Blu-ray release.<br /><br />As for subtitles, the film is featured in English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />If you thought picture and audio quality was fantastic, \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is loaded with special features. Special features can be found on both discs. Here is what is included:<br /><br />DISC 1:<br /><br />  * Indiana Jones Timelines - This timeline showcases the creation of the \\"Indiana Jones\\" films. From the beginning of \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" up to the end ofthis fourth film. A pretty cool feature (with text and images) for those interested in learning about the timeline of production, the history of the film and more.<br />  * The Return of a Legend - (17:34) Interviews with Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, Harrison Ford and the executive producers of the film in regards to bringing Indiana Jones back to film. Featured in High Definition.<br />  * Pre-Production - (11:42) Interviews with the main staff and talent about working together, working with talent such as Shia LaBeouf, interviews with Daniel D. Gregoire (Pre-Visualization Supervisor) and Harrison Ford getting reacquainted with Indiana Jones whip. Featured in High Definition.<br />  * Trailers - Featuring \\"Trailer 2' (1:52) and \\"Trailer 3' (1:55) for the film.<br /><br />DISC 2:<br /><br />  * Production Diary: Making \\"Kingdom of the Crystal Skull - (1:20:52) An informative making-of with plenty of detail on the making of the film and interview with various crew members in their department. From the various locations where the film was shot, the amount of work it took in creating the set and much more. Overall, an informative and enjoyable making-of featurette. Featured in HD, the diary can be viewed by playing all or selecting the following:<br /><br />- Shooting Begins: New Mexico<br /><br />- Back to School: New Haven Connecticut<br /><br />- Welcome to the Jungle. Hilo, Hawaii<br /><br />- On-Set Action<br /><br />- Exploring Akator<br /><br />- Wrapping Up!<br /><br />  * Warrior Makeup - (5:32) Interview with Felicity Bowring (Makeup Department Head) and how they had to provide the makeup for 26 people for the tribe-scene and the amount of hours it took in getting the actors prepared. Featured in HD.<br />  * The Crystal Skull - (10:09) Featuring interviews with Spielberg, Lucas and Ford about the actual crystal skull. Interviews with Guy Hendrix Dyas (Production Designer) and John Rosengrant (Harry Winston Studio/Effects Supervisor) in regards to the creation of the crystal skull. Featured in HD.<br />  * Iconic Props - (9:59) Doug Harlocker (Property Manager) introduces the viewer to the various props and how they were created. Featured in HD.<br />  * The Effects of Indy - (22:42) Interviews with staff of ILM (Industry Lights & Magic) in regards to the special effects used for the film. Featured in HD.<br />  * Adventures in Post-Production - (12:44) Frank Marshall talks about the editing of the film and working with Michael Kahn, A.C.E. who provided the editing for the film and working with John Williams for the music.<br />  * Closing: Team Indy - (3:41) A video montage of the staff that worked on the film.<br />  * Pre-Visualization Sequences - Featuring pre-CG rendered visualization screens for Area 51 Escape (3:46), Jungle Chase (5:47) and Ants Attack (4:29).<br />  * Galleries - Photo galleries which can be viewed by using your Blu-ray remote control of: The Art Department (The Adventure Beings, Cemetery, Akator), Stan Winston Studio (Corpses, Skeletons & Mummies, Aliens & Crystal Skulls), Production Photographs, Portraits and Behind-the-Scenes Photographs.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />The return of Indiana Jones is quite literally a long time coming. It's hard to believe that 20 years have passed and suffice to say, like everyone who are fans of the original trilogy, had high expectations towards the film.<br /><br />For the most part, \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" delivered when it came to action and excitement. Harrison Ford ultimately still has it, when it comes to playing Indiana Jones. Such as awesome actor, that it was great to see him again. Also, the return of Karen Allen, reprising her role as Marion Ravenwood was just fantastic. For those who loved \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\", no one can help but be giddy of seeing Indiana Jones and Marion Ravenwood together again!<br /><br />And of course, you have solid talent involved in the film such as Cate Blanchett as the evilDr. Irina Spalko, John Hurt as Professor Oxley and also Shia LaBeouf as Mutt Williams.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film, not necessarily loved it. In one of the featurettes, you learn that what George Lucas wanted to bring to the film is that B-film sci-fi campiness and needless to say, you can understand why the development of this film was tricky. Granted, we necessarily don't get heavy extraterrestrial action but those elements are still in the film with these beings and of course, the crystal skull itself. I enjoyed the film so much for the adventure and action elements of the film but once the film starts to incorporate the who and what the crystal skull is. And while interesting, personally, it just didn't feel right.<br /><br />But in the end, I enjoyed the film and found it quite entertaining and as a fan of the previous films, it was just great to see Indiana Jones back again!<br /><br />Overall, \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is a solid release from Paramount. For a big Summer blockbuster, you expect the bells and whistles for this film for a Blu-ray release, but most importantly, how iconic Indiana Jones is as a character, the previous trilogy are regarded by fans as a wonderful trilogy, needless to say, anything less of magnificent would have been a disappointment.<br /><br />But in the end, Paramount delivers with a magnificent release as \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" scores top marks for picture and audio quality but also special features content. Highly recommended!were created. Featured in HD.      * The Effects of Indy - (22:42) Interviews with staff of ILM (Industry Lights & Magic) in regards to the special effects used for the film. Featured in HD.      * Adventures in Post-Production - (12:44) Frank Marshall talks about the editing of the film and working with Michael Kahn, A.C.E. who provided the editing for the film and working with John Williams for the music.      * Closing: Team Indy - (3:41) A video montage of the staff that worked on the film.      * Pre-Visualization Sequences - Featuring pre-CG rendered visualization screens for Area 51 Escape (3:46), Jungle Chase (5:47) and Ants Attack (4:29).      * Galleries - Photo galleries which can be viewed by using your Blu-ray remote control of: The Art Department (The Adventure Beings, Cemetery, Akator), Stan Winston Studio (Corpses, Skeletons & Mummies, Aliens & Crystal Skulls), Production Photographs, Portraits and Behind-the-Scenes Photographs.    JUDGMENT CALL:    The return of Indiana Jones is quite literally a long time coming. It's hard to believe that 20 years have passed and suffice to say, like everyone who are fans of the original trilogy, had high expectations towards the film.    For the most part, \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" delivered when it came to action and excitement. Harrison Ford ultimately still has it, when it comes to playing Indiana Jones. Such as awesome actor, that it was great to see him again. Also, the return of Karen Allen, reprising her role as Marion Ravenwood was just fantastic. For those who loved \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\", no one can help but be giddy of seeing Indiana Jones and Marion Ravenwood together again!    And of course, you have solid talent involved in the film such as Cate Blanchett as the evil Dr. Irina Spalko, John Hurt as Professor Oxley and also Shia LaBeouf as Mutt Williams.    I enjoyed the film, not necessarily loved it. In one of the featurettes, you learn that what George Lucas wanted tobring to the film is that B-film sci-fi campiness and needless to say, you can understand why the development of this film was tricky. Granted, we necessarily don't get heavy extraterrestrial action but those elements are still in the film with these beings and of course, the crystal skull itself. I enjoyed the film so much for the adventure and action elements of the film but once the film starts to incorporate the who and what the crystal skull is. And while interesting, personally, it just didn't feel right.    But in the end, I enjoyed the film and found it quite entertaining and as a fan of the previous films, it was just great to see Indiana Jones back again!    Overall, \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is a solid release from Paramount. For a big Summer blockbuster, you expect the bells and whistles for this film for a Blu-ray release, but most importantly, how iconic Indiana Jones is as a character, the previous trilogy are regarded by fans as a wonderful trilogy, needless to say, anything less of magnificent would have been a disappointment.    But in the end, Paramount delivers with a magnificent release as \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" scores top marks for picture and audio quality but also special features content. Highly recommended!
B001AVCFK6|1.0|I have to say, I wish I'd never seen this movie at all.  I grew up with the original Star Trek, and when I say grew up ... I mean I watched it when it aired originally as a small girl (and again later in re-runs when I was older).    The producers totally destroyed the Star Trek Cannon here ... more then once, and that's really sad.    I mean even from the beginning, I could tell it was going bad when they couldn't even give us (die hard core trekkies) the little things, like when Jim Kirk was being born, to have a toddler/2 or 3 yr old boy (George Kirk Jr, Jim's older brother), running along side to the escape pods!    Without George Kirk, there was no Nephew (Peter Kirk) for Jim to rescue years later.    The movie itself, was forgetable, and I guess in part, because from that little bit on, the movie went downhill, and as I mentioned, made me wish I'd never seen the thing, as it went against much of what I hold dear for Star Trek.
B001GCUER0|5.0|This show is so good it sometimes makes me uncomfortable. The sets are glorious. The score is phenomenal. The writing is brilliant and the acting is top notch. This is how television should be.
B001RTP48G|5.0|It's the Pet Shop Boys.  Love every track!! I especially love the second track. I keep repeating it over and over.If you love  the PSB's then your gonna love this! They haven't lost their touch!
B0017JKEL8|3.0|The show itself is magnificent, but I had problems with both Discs 2 and 3 (Episode 9 in particular was almost a complete loss.)    I have a Playstation3 with the most recent firmware update. There is no excuse for this disc having problems!     Now I have to write to Amazon and get both discs replaced.
B00005QGAV|4.0|While we all know Michael Jackson's greatest album is Thriller, Dangerous was an album that had some really good hits on it and  is definately worth listening today. This album gave us Jam, In The Closet, Remember The Time and the most popular song from the album Black & White. All these songs spent some time on the Billboard charts in 92. I remember getting this album when i was a senior in high school and just let it rock from the beginning to end. My personal favorites are \\"Can't let her get away\\" & \\"Dangerous\\", but the rest of is pretty good as well. This album is just another piece of quality work from the king of pop who is still considered the best and most popular artist in music history. R.I.P to the king for he is definately \\"Gone Too Soon\\" (track 13).
B00009L1TA|1.0|Travolta's films can be categorized into two categories: Pulp Fiction and Everything Else. Basic, of course, belongs to the latter. This movie is like watching an episode of Law & Order with a bigger budget. It is so formulaic, using the \\"twists 'n turns\\" strategy of past films to create a senseless story whose ending negates the need for its making in the first place.     Top Ten Sign of Cliches include but are not limited to:  1. Sexual tension between Travolta and the female lead  2. The whodunnit flashbacks that are told differently each time by each person involved  3. The drug smuggling plot carried out by the law abiding, upright guy you'd never think was the crook  4. The \\"usual suspects\\" type ending where pieces of the puzzle all fall into place at the final moments  5. The main character who has a drinking problem (just for the sake of flavor)  6. Fights and shouting scenes you can seeing coming a mile away  7. Constant backtracking by the main characters and the need to confront potential suspects again, each time with angrier words and fist throwing  8. The mimicking environment rain storm that underscores the tension, and when Big Revelations are discovered, \\"Crack!\\" goes the lightning  9. The military's knee-jerk response to everything: shut out outsiders and hope the problem goes away  10.Opening narrative that tries to create a theme for the whole picture, but fails (maybe you can figure it out)    See if you can find anymore and make your own list!
1423101472|5.0|Rick, Great book.  Started reading after my 11 year old son devowered the 5 books.  Great way to teach about Greek mythology in a modern version.
1573229725|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this marvelous book. Our heroine, Sue, is a marvelously innocent narrator--when she tells of her crooked, impoverished life, she is bright and charming, a girl you could hear talk forever. Our other narrator is weak and cruel yet stakes a claim for affection, too. To tell anything more would deprive readers of a marvelous experience in reading. This is a tale to get lost in.
0385341008|5.0|Enchanting, delightful and uplifting.  Who is the Elizabeth in your life?  Top of my favorites list.
