B00000I8DY|5.0|Harmonia Mundi must be the finest label in the World. This treasure of a recording puts to shame every other record company. Rene Jacobs used to be a very fine countertenor, but now he certainly is an extraordinary  conductor. Bouquets for everyone involved in this project, especially for  that great producer Ewa Coutaz.
B00001ODGR|5.0|I really enjoyed this DVD.  Some scenes were a little dark, but hey, that's what concerts are all about.  If you have ever been to a concert, they never have all the lights up, right?  I have been a Styx fan for a  long time and all of their hits are on the disc.  If you like Styx, BUY IT,  I think you will like it too.
B000001DQI|5.0|This album starts with what is probably one of the greatest rock and roll songs of all time, the couplet of Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding.  The band is tight, Nigel Olson's drumming is incredible and Elton's voice  conveys just the right amount of emotion.  The album continues with  numerous songs which have become staples of Elton's live sets for many  years and are still some of his most popular.  The gems are many and  varied, the title track, Bennie and the Jets, Saturday Nights Allright for  Fightin' and many more.  If you only own one Elton John album, this is the  one to have.
0385493800|5.0|This book is much different from the other Grisham novels I've read.  A very small part of this book occurs in the courtroom.  Rather the book focuses on Nate O'Reilly's struggle to overcome the vices that have ruined  his families and career.  Don't read this if you want a lawyer story.  This  book is a human story.  I soaked it up to the very last paragraph.  If this  book doesn't make you want to live a better life, it's time to take a step  back and evaluate things.
0425074811|1.0|I recall NOVA, the award winning PBS-TV science series, did a close up of Erich Von Daniken and his Chariots book. NOVA did not shamelessly attack him and his &quot;theory&quot; but used simple, rational, and basic  scientific steps in analysis of &quot;evidence&quot; to turn Mr. VD and his  presentation into sawdust. NOVA showed multiple times of his out-right  distortions, misrepresentations and perhaps fraudulent portrail of fact. As  I remember the NOVA program only focused on Mr. VD because of the emmense  popularity of his book and movie. In my opinion this book does more damage  than entertain. It's a sad commentary on people to have and continue to put  money in his pocket. His history of success with this tripe shows how much  people are lacking in critical thinking. Keep in mind, &quot;Believe  nothing you hear and half of what you see.&quot; Just keep in your mind  simple, basic skeptisim. Perhaps the book is a &quot;neat&quot; cosmic idea  but reality and scientic discovery of the universe we live in passes him  and his believers at the speed of light. Those left to wonder about the  world thru his eyes are being terribly short-sighted. I feel this book  should be filed in the drawer under &quot;Beliefs&quot; which has no  responsiblity to be rational.
630439845X|5.0|Watch it! Enjoy it!<br />Try watch it alone or with your true love after midnight.
0671027344|5.0|i love to read, it's that simple. i got more books than anything for christmas (except for clothes...) and perks of being a wallflower was one of 'em.  it was truly, i think, the best book i've ever read.  as adult  authors, nobody seems to care about what's going on with the minds of the  younger generation. mr. chbosky managed to capture it all, and it made me  think of my own situations in a new way. i'd reccomend it for anyone to  read, it was excellent.<br /> :-) heather
B00000I8DY|5.0|Listening to this CD was the best Mozartian experience I had since a long time.<br />For example, the quintet &quot;Di scrivermi&quot;. The tempo here is simply a miracle.<br />It is so slow, so slow, that one paradoxally thinks  : &quot;Mozart can't have composed it with this tempo in mind&quot;, and at  the same time &quot;That is true Mozart !&quot;<br />The baroque orchestra is  a marvel, and singers are carefully driven away from the romantic opera  heritage that pervardes so much other recordings.<br />The piano is perhaps  not at the level of the rest. But what a daunting task it is for a pianist  to sit on the Masters' seat ! (a free traduction from the french &quot;se  mettre dans les chaussures de quelqu'un&quot;)<br />A lot of pianists are  embellishing Mozart scores with what they think *he* would have improvised.  The result is not always convincing. I think in this case the result is  much more than satisfactory : the continuo reveals a profound and extremely  respectful understanding of the musical style of the time of Mozart.<br />I am  eager to listen to other works - especially the others &quot;Da Ponte&quot;  - directed by René Jacobs.
B000001FS6|4.0|In spite of the media blitz that came along with it (ie. the movie, the book, the t-shirt, etc.), this is still a great collection of live songs and original material.  <br />The simple I-IV-V songs work great in this  environment and prove that you can write great music using simple and old  musical ideas.  The Beatles and the Stones did it with their music and U2  does the exact same thing. <br />To those who say it's pompous and overblown,  they just didn't get it.  So for all those people, here's the message:  Rhythm and Blues remains one of rock and roll's most fertile resources to  take inspiration from and to plunder for material.<br />The only reason this  didn't get 5 stars was because the live &quot;Exit&quot;, &quot;In God's  Country&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot; , &quot;Where The Streets Have No  Name&quot;, &quot;MLK&quot;, &quot;With Or Without You&quot; and  &quot;Running to Stand Still&quot; all should have also been on the CD  since they appeared in the film.  I would have paid the money if it were a  2 CD set.
6303011012|5.0|The most fantastic video I have ever seen.  I got totally absorbed in the music and musicians.
6300183211|5.0|This movie is certainly not for everyone.  If you can get past the excessive violence and strong drug use, you'll find a compelling movie with sturdy characters,truthful plot, dark themes, and one hell of an ending.   Al Pacino and a very young Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio both give amazing  performances.  Although Tony Montana is a drug kingpin and he kills many  people throughout the movie (including his best friend in one powerful  moment), when the end comes, and all of those Cubian assassins come into  his mansion, you almost hope that Tony will be able to fend them off.  It  is definetely saying something as a writer and director for Brian De Palma  when he can make you feel sorry for a drug dealer.
B00000348D|5.0|I thought I had already reviewed this. Anyway, this is an extremely creative energetic &amp; groundbreaking album [or should be recording since it's essentially 1 piece?]. It hits you straight away but @ the same time  it isn't an unlistenable skronkfest which I kind of had hoped for [a fine  example is Hair Pie: Bake 1 off Trout Mask Replica which was influenced by  Ornette, when I say 'unlistenable' I mean to average top 40 types, not  connoiseurs like you &amp; me], it does stick to being jazzy &amp; it does  it well. There is a section of about 5 minutes where it focusses on  rumbling basses before returning to the horns in all their glory. All  record collections should have a copy of FREE JAZZ.
6305657947|5.0|Excellent,intelligent,witty. In Brosnan and Russo you have two of the hottest movie stars around. The screen almost melts whenever the two of them are together on screen. The action set pieces are superbly handled by  director McTiernan ( as you would expect from the director of Die Hard and  Hunt for Red October ). Great supprting piece as well by Dennis Leary. If  you have'nt seen this yet then get it now. You are in for a real treat.  Watch out for the steamy dance sequence between Russo and Brosnan. Do you  want to dance or do you want to dance ?
0880389052|5.0|WOW =o    This book was the first book i ever read about Salvatore and i must tell u it is a must to read if u ever dip into TSR.  It sets the stage for a small drow community and from there it shows a the life of a  renagade Drizzt Do'Urden who forsakes the life of the drow and loth ( Lloth  to some).  I find that all books a Salvatore lead into each other very  nicely, form Homeland to Exile and Exile to Sojourn.  The book i highly  recommend! ;-)
630562285X|5.0|Entrapment is the best movie ever!  Both Catherine Zeta-Jones and Sean Connery are spectacular!  The movie has surprises everywhere and the ending is very unexpected.  This movie has romance and action, all in one.  This  is definetely one of the best movies I have ever seen!
B00003CXB6|2.0|What was the deal with bringing the Tyranosaurus to San Diego?  That was not in the book, which, might I add, wasn't very good, because Michael Crichton pumped it out really fast so it could be rushed into a movie.   Jurassic park was original, this one was old, just like Austin Powers one  and two.
6305750750|5.0|For any fan who grew up on the original Star Wars (it was the very first movie I ever went to see in the theater), don't be looking for the special effects that made the first a technological breakthrough. Though the  special effects in this movie are mind-blowing, they're not the first of  their kind. And don't believe all of the criticism you hear of Jar-Jar  Binks. He was a great comical relief, and just a basically funny creature  -- you can't help but fall in love; the Queen is a strong and intelligent  young woman -- just the kind you want as a role model for your daughter;  and Anakin is smart and witty, taking in his situation with a wonderful  sense of humor. You meet Obi-Wan before he becomes &quot;Ben&quot;, and  find where he gets all of his wisdom from in the form of Qui-Gon Jinn.  <br />This has got to be the best Sci-Fi picture ever made since ROTJ. But  when you see it, don't compare it to the original. George Lucas himself  said that those seeing this movie as the end-all, be-all are going to be  sadly disappointed. See it for the sheer entertainment that it's meant to  be. You definitely won't be disappointed.
0783211856|5.0|I think the most powerful message in this film is that you don't have to be a saint to do remarkably good acts, and that you don't have to be a monster to do acts of unspeakable barbarity. <br />Oskar Schindler was a war  profiteer, a user of slave labor, a Nazi sycophant, and womanizer. And yet  he risked his life, and lost all his ill-gotten gains, to save Jews from  the Holocaust. <br />Schindler's Nazi counterpart, Goeth, is a study in  amorality. He isn't insane, or some kind of monster; he does what he does  because he wants to, simple as that.<br />This is a marvelous story,  beautifully told by Spielberg, of the good and evil within each of us.
B000002B30|5.0|Even though this compilation is missing such classics as &quot;I'm On Fire&quot; and &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; I still give it5 stars. I bought this CD a while back and even after buying more CD's by  Sprinsteen and other artists as well, this remains about the CD I still  listen too. It showcases how great songwriter he is and just how crowd  pleasing anthems he's written.
630575067X|5.0|I was very impressed with this film. I am not sure  why others feel it was the worst of the year...I feel it was one of the two best. I have heard many  negative reviews of this movie to the effect that  it was  &quot;nothing like the other three&quot;. Well OF COURSE IT WAS'NT! It  wasn't supposed to be! I totally agree with the person who felt that it was   different from the others to offset the tragedies that must occur in  Episode 3. Keep in mind that much happens between Episodes 1 and 4,  including wars and everything else.    As for the notion that George Lucas  lost something between the other three and this one, I say au contraire! If  anything, Mr. Lucas is much  more skilled at movie-making this time around,  and  the film is much slicker and much more proffessional looking. The  effects were incredible, and Lucas still has the knack for coming up with  new characters, such as the destroyer droids. If another director had  thought those up, his entire movie would have revolved around them; with  George Lucas, they were just a good idea surrounded by several other good  ideas.   Now, I must agree that there may have been a little too much comic  relief, and I certainly have  no love for Jar-Jar Binks; but if you will  think about it hard enough, you will realize that there were even elements  in each one of the &quot;perfect&quot; first three movies that made you  cringe (Anyone remember the stupid 'Tarzan' yell that Chewbacca does when  swinging onto the AT Chicken-Walker in Episode 6?  Point proved). The  fight choreography  in this film is sheer genius compared with the others,  and I could go on about it forever...just suffice to say that whatever cons  this movie may have, the pro's outweigh them to an incomprehensible degree.    I would definitely recommend this film. It is well worth your time.  George Lucas is the Shakespeare of our time.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This album really rocks, and it was a great idea to combine Santana with younger players like Everlast and Dave Matthews.  There are a lot of great guitar solos and a variety of different styles of music.  While there is a  lot of criticism in the customer reviews, I think that is mostly from  people who hate it if their favorite artist becomes &quot;mainstream.&quot;   This is certainly not the best Santana album, but a good addition to the  collection.  The collaboration with Eric Clapton is really the only  disappointment here -- very long and boring song.  I would expect more from  two of the best guitarists ever.  However, Santana sounds as good as ever  on many of the tunes, and you have to be deaf if you don't want to rock  when you listen to the songs with Everlast, Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas.   Enjoy!
0440219078|3.0|The Giver is a thrilling book about a young boy who finds about what life is really like.  Jonas, the main character, is choosen to be the Receiver of the community.  Jonas, the main character  finds out what life is really  like.  Jonas learns that his father is a killer and his friends is soon to  be one.  Jonas learns the true value of life.  Jonas doesn't like the way  they run the comunity.  I think that this book is intresting becasue it  has a lot to do with sience fiction.  In this book, Jonas receives memorys  from his The Giver.  I  think that this book is cool because he uses the  powers that he is given.  I also think that it is intresting becasue it has  to do with the future.  It is a wonderful suspense because Jonas the main  character plans a daring excape.  This book was thrillng, funny, and  fantastic, that is why I like this book a lot.  I think that this book  should be read by all ages and in all libaries.
6304083769|5.0|&quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; is one of the most Cutting edge and visually stimulating movies I've seen in years. With it's mix of Classic Animation, and the latest in computer graphics. it's puts on one of the  best shows I've seen.<br /> the movie is based in a futuristic Japan where  every thing is coputerised, even the human body. So much so that there is  almost nothing in a person's body that's not cybernetic.  The only thing  that remains is a person's ghost or their consciousness. Which becomes  easily manipulated by computer technology. This is where the movie kicks  in. It's based around an industrial espianosh program in titled Project  2501, nicknamed the &quot;the puppet master&quot; when it became self aware  and broke from it's creators. Now the police must track it down. That's  when the movie get's complicated.<br /> I really enjoyed this movie and i  strongly suggest you go to see it. Mojory as redeemed herself as a director  after making &quot;Tank Police&quot; one of the worst<br />movies I've ever  seen.
014028009X|1.0|It took me close to forever to get through this book.  Friends told me &quot;You just don't get it&quot;. I get it Bridget Jones is one of the most negative people I have ever encountered. Maybe it is the  &quot;English&quot; humor. Whatever it is you can't escape the lack of a  real plot.  There is nothing to sink you teeth into, no action.
B00000IGGA|4.0|This is Tom Waits' most accessible, musical and optimistic album in years... that's not to say that it really is any of those things except compared to other of his albums.  His voice sounds the best I can ever  recall.  Some wonderful songs are here ranging from the funny &quot;Big in  Japan&quot; to the disconcerting and mysterious- what IS he building in  there anyway?  It's not for everyone- my wife hates it and friends often  flinch listening to it.  If you have an ear or at least tolerance for  discordant music and want a postmodern musical look at our culture you  should give this a listen.
0843178159|5.0|I liked it when she was on Mr. Uppity's house.  It was very funny.<br />Xanthe, age 4
0804106304|3.0|Even though i enjoyed reading the novel somewhat, I gave Joy Luck Club 3 stars because in the beginning of the book, it was very difficult to understand what was going on.  It was also difficult to differentiate  between who was who's mother/daughter.  Also, at times, the story just  seemed to drag.  However, there were other parts in the novel that were  very interesting.  I would have liked it better all together if it would  have put it together like the movie in the sense that  the daughters' and  mothers' stories were &quot;back-to-back&quot;.  This way, it was much  easier to understand who  is related to who and keeping the stories tied in  together.
B000002LKU|5.0|This is a real sleeper of an album. Don't jump to any conclusions just on the group's name or even the cd's title.  Look at the talent. Mark Knopfler, a fine artist, has collected some great musicians who can play  guitar and harmonize like they've worked together for years.  <br />&quot;Railroad Worksong,&quot; the opening cut, superbly blends soft  electric guitars and vocal harmony. The theme, drawn from a typical blues  or folk ballad, is one that is easy to relate to regardless of one's  occupation: we are ALL &quot;working on the railroad for a dollar a  day&quot; and we all &quot;got to get our money, gotta get our pay.&quot;   I can listen to &quot;Blues Stay Away From Me&quot; everyday as the soft  harmony and strong guitar work never fails to mellow and de-stress me.  &quot;Please Baby&quot; sounds like a modern electric version of an old  folk or blues ballad. &quot;Weapon of Prayer&quot; sounds like like a  modern electric version of an old gospel song. The album is full of great  harmony, excellent multiple electric guitar work that is soothing and  melodic, and shows strong production work.  And hats off for including  printed lyrics! This is one of my personal favorite albums.
B000005S0E|3.0|okay, to settle this little beach/sea thing, it was called standing on the beach. the cassette is called that. it has all oftheir be sides from the era and the other side has their singles. staring at the sea was its name  when itwas released to cd. it has more of the singles on it.
6305750750|4.0|Let's remember what Lucas said in an interview shortly after the release of Phantom Menance - &quot;it's just a movie&quot;.  Do I miss Luke and Han?  Yes, of course.  Remember though that this film is set forty years  before &quot;A New Hope&quot;.  Lucas is trying to lay down the events that  led to the other films and is building a groundwork for the next two  installments.  If you have to think a little and mentally &quot;connect the  dots&quot; well, I think that makes for a better story (like a good book) -  not everything is laid out for you and you are forced to read between the  lines (kind of like watching office politics).  I'd see the film again.  The special effects and the soundtrack were fantastic.  I'm buying the  video in widescreen (I wish it was on DVD).  I can't wait to see how the  rest of the story unfolds.  Please, no more Jar Jar, though.
0425152251|5.0|If you are a thinker, if you have wondered about life and its mysteries, then this book is for you. This isnt your average mind candy but it is very very good. This will set you thinking and looking at things in a whole  different way. Intellectually stimulating begins to describe it but just  barely.
6305750750|1.0|It's hard to believe that the films sequal from 1977 has loopholes, or perhaps Lucas accidently made loopholes, who cares, the film doesn't work. First off, kill Jar Jar, comic relief, he help kill the film, and since  when do aliens seem so cultural, you know Japaneese accents, even Jamican.  The film seemed to computorized, note to Lucas, every stinking thing in the  film doesn't have to be computor animated. Then C-3P0, Ha! If Anikan is a  slave boy, then how could he build a robot in which there  are other types  of the same kind. And wouldn't C-3P0 know that vadar was his builder. And I  though Ben said that the force is in everyliving thing, yeah, were going to  test for the force. Hey, the podrace sceen, annoying, who needs {or wants  to} see ten minuets of people racing. Perhaps it is true, if you don't do  any real projects {I know that the special edition was a project, but it  was just to release great films to a generation that saw deteriating films}  you do lose your talent, the only thing good about this film is the Wierd  Al song.
0671047272|5.0|It's a book of opposites blended with perfection.  The bitter and the sweet, the hope and despair, the sin and salvation.  Bravo!
B000002LKU|5.0|This is a real sleeper of an album. Don't jump to any conclusions just on the group's name or even the cd's title.  Look at the talent. Mark Knopfler, a fine artist, has collected some great musicians who can play  guitar and harmonize like they've worked together for years.  <br />&quot;Railroad Worksong,&quot; the opening cut, superbly blends soft  electric guitars and vocal harmony. The theme, drawn from a typical blues  or folk ballad, is one that is easy to relate to regardless of one's  occupation: we are ALL &quot;working on the railroad for a dollar a  day&quot; and we all &quot;got to get our money, gotta get our pay.&quot;   I can listen to &quot;Blues Stay Away From Me&quot; everyday as the soft  harmony and strong guitar work never fails to mellow and de-stress me.  &quot;Please Baby&quot; sounds like a modern electric version of an old  folk or blues ballad. &quot;Weapon of Prayer&quot; sounds like like a  modern electric version of an old gospel song. The album is full of great  harmony, excellent multiple electric guitar work that is soothing and  melodic, and shows strong production work.  And hats off for including  printed lyrics! This is one of my personal favorite albums.  I'd love to  see these guys produce another.
0385311400|5.0|I won't spoil the story for you, however I will mention that I was in tears at the ending, and at various points through the book.  I am rather surprised to see the amount of people complaining about how long it takes  her to write these books--I am quite pleased to see she hasn't given in to  the lure of fame and money, cutting down on the time between books and  thereby producing stories that aren't as enthralling.  I am waiting with  baited breath for the sequel to Drums of Autumn (I am given to understand  it is the beginning of a new trilogy), since I am sure it, too, will be  worth the time spent waiting for it.
B000002BUY|5.0|i had first heard incubus on the family values tour cd.  I thought that it was prettty cool, and wanted to hear more.  I listined to some of it on the net, and i loved it.  I bought the cd.  It was awsome. ya cant go wrong  with this. it rocks!
6305750750|1.0|If your under 12 you may like the movie. If your an avid Star Wars fan you will cry!  It is a sad movie I mean sad from begining to end. I am such a big fan of StarWars I can quote complete dialogue from the first trilogy. I  have read all the books even the ones for episodes 7/8/9 by Timothy Zaun  but could not make any real connections between the trilogy and this  episode.
6300214753|5.0|I think to truly love this movie, you must be 3 things: cool, intelligent and innately funny. Just sit back and enjoy this hilarious movie without analyzing the hell out of it. Smell the rose, don't dissect it.
0385334206|5.0|This book is marvelous.  It completely changed the way I look at literature and life in general.  In his narrative Vonnegut has taken everything you expect about the way fiction should be written, put it in a  blender, and beaten the blender into oblivion with a baseball bat.  Do  yourslef a favor and buy this, right now.
6302648750|5.0|This was an awesome and hilarious movie.  The special effects are freaky!  One of my favorite parts is when Goldie Hawn walks in and says: &quot;Madeline, I must speak to Madeline!&quot;  Bruce Willis replies:  &quot;She's not here right now.&quot;  She replies: &quot;Oh thank  God!&quot; and tosses her umbrella over her shoulder.  My friends and I had  the best time imitating that part of the movie.  My other favorite is when  at the end Goldie Hawn and Meryl Streep are painting themselves.  I saw  this movie when I was 13 and really loved it, so it may interest teens who  like older movies.  I'd suggest to anyone looking to watch a funny movie.   At the end it makes you think about whether living forever is such a great  thing.
B00000269G|5.0|HE WAS SO SHORT THAT HE HAD SIT ON PHONE BOOKS TO PLAY THE PIANO BUT HIS TALENT WAS LARGER THAN LIFE.  'CONCERT BY THE SEA' WAS A GREAT ALBUM IN 1955 BUT 45 YEARS HAS PROVEN THIS ALBUM TO BE ONE OF THE BEST JAZZ ALBUMS  EVER.  NO OTHER JAZZ ARTIST HAS BEEN MORE INFLUENTUAL WITH THE PIANO.    ALTHO ERROLL IS GONE HIS MUSIC THRU THIS ALBUM WILL BE IMPORTANT TO ANYONE  THAT HEARS HIS RYTHMATIC STYLE.  THIS ALBUM IS ONE THAT YOU WILL LISTEN TO  OVER AND OVER.
B000002L7G|5.0|I think this is the best DS album and certainly one of the best albums of the last 15-20 years. The lyrics are great, the music even better and what I find so original about this album is that it contains songs that are very  different one from the other; few other bands during the eighties were capable of  writing excellent music and diversifying, except maybe U2 and Guns 'n  Roses. I think M.Knopffler is at the peak of his maturity as a musician in \\"Brothers in arms\\". Two thumbs up!
B000002UCQ|4.0|Always liked this album. Was first exposed to it by my babysitter when I was a kid. When I got older I bought the album and loved it. This and Plastic Ono Band would have to be my favorite Beatle solo efforts. It  really should be looked at by its own merit and not only as a solo album by  the beatles lead guitarist. And Harrison proves that he was capable of a  lot more credit than he had gotten. I do think its over produced, Phil  Spector does tend to go overboard, however his wall of sound trademark  style does add to the music. I always thought it interesting that the core  group of musicians on this album were basically the same ones  that made up  Eric Claptons Derek and the Dominoes (with a few other guests as well),  because well, its a completely different style of music really. Love the  jams. I know everyone must think I am crazy, but they do that all the time  with boxed sets now.. back then a disk like that would have been unheard of  (as well as a 3 part set which was unheard of) . Thanks for the pepperoni  is one I really like. Harrison's other solo efforts were often bland at  best, but this one album is classic.
0804106304|4.0|This book is a good one.  It not only immerses you in Chinease culture, but it makes you ponder questions about family.  Tan does a great job going into great detail about the relationships between the mothers and  daughters. At first I thought I would hate this book, but the engrossing  stories and the sentimentallity and love between the characters of this  book made it an enjoyable reading experience.  It will make you want to  read another book from Amy Tan.  I strongly recommend it, even if you are  not normally into emotional books about family.
6302648750|5.0|This was an awesome and hilarious movie.  The special effects are freaky!  One of my favorite parts is when Goldie Hawn walks in and says: &quot;Madeline, I must speak to Madeline!&quot;  Bruce Willis replies:  &quot;She's not here right now.&quot;  She replies: &quot;Oh thank  God!&quot; and tosses her umbrella over her shoulder.  My friends and I had  the best time imitating that part of the movie.  My other favorite is when  at the end Goldie Hawn and Meryl Streep are painting themselves.  I saw  this movie when I was 13 and really loved it, so it may interest teens who  like older movies.  I'd suggest to anyone looking to watch a funny movie.   At the end it makes you think about whether living forever is such a great  thing.
B00000J6AG|4.0|This album is so eclectic.  The variety of sounds, styles and moods is great.  You will never get tired of it.  It's one of those that will stay at the top of your collection.  Try Morcheeba and Hooverphonic.  They are  similar and are in some cases even better than Moby.
0872860175|4.0|Howl is the epitaph for the free thinker in America. Ginsbergs verses sing inside the head like a radio, and his words touch the depths of the soul
B000002G87|5.0|Layla and other asst. love songs is my all time favorite album. I could play it over and over again and never grow tired of it. I have done that and I know it to be true. This album is just poetry. The musicianship is  supurb, and the band makes for a tight unit, instead of just a bunch of  musicians that happen to be playing together at the same time. Yes I agree  with the others that there is not one song on this album that is not a  masterpiece. Sad that this was just a one time effort, cause it leaves you  wanting more, but usually in cases such as what made this album so great,  that almost never happens. This album has got to be one of the most  emotional records to have been ever produced. Not only is the heartache of  loving an unobtainable woman projected through this album, but also the  guitarist's descent into herion addiction, recent loss of his surrogate  father and the death of jimi hendrix durring the albums production. All  that had to have some influence.  This album is art how it reflects one  individuals pain and heartache. It is a must have for anyone who loves  classic rock or the blues. And this album proves that you dont have to be a  poor sharecropper in mississippi to perfect the blues. This album is  perfect.
630280082X|5.0|I've been looking for this video ever since and I'm glad I was able to score a copy. This movie also re-ignited the flame I once had for the blues and in general, guitar playing or shredding. Of course everytime I try to  watch the movie, I'd skip the whole thing and proceed to the Cooder-Vai  duel which I think was the whole point of the movie.
0345428056|5.0|Remote Control was one of the best books I ever read.  I couldn't put it down.  It involves an SAS agent named Nick Stone who flies to the States to find his best friend and family murdered.  The only one who survived is  Kelly, his friend's daughter.  They have to evade the police, which takes  them all over the East Coast.  As soon as they think everything is finally  okay and they're in the clear,.....well, you'll just have to read it!    Awesome book!
B000001E18|4.0|Following the brilliance of &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; (an album far better than the overlauded &quot;Joshua Tree&quot;), U2 solidified their dark sound and created songs which reached dizzying heights in musical  experimentation and lyrical superficiality.  &quot;Zooropa&quot; (the title  track) is a long futurist medley of advertising slogans and unparalleled  guitar genius.  While &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; was propulsive and brooding,  &quot;Zooropa&quot; is decadent excess.  Comparisons of inseparable 2 CD  sets are David Bowie's dystopian &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot; and excessive  &quot;Aladdin Sane&quot;, along with Bowie's &quot;Low&quot; and Iggy Pop's  &quot;The Idiot.&quot;  Although &quot;Zooropa&quot; is uneven in its  delivery (less schmaltzy love songs would have been nice), it is best  enjoyed after the sonic assault of &quot;Achtung Baby.&quot;  No other  album of the decade embodies the decadence and superficiality of the  &quot;rock star&quot; lifestyle.  U2 is best appreciated when they are  insincere parodists of rock 'n' roll extravegance.  Great ear candy.
0553278355|5.0|This is the most amazing book and I usually don't even enjoy fiction.  Sylvia Plath speaks straight from her heart through the main character 'Ester.' Plath's writing style is incredible and she communicates feelings,  passion, dispair, etc... better  than anyone.  As you read, you're like,  man I feel exactly that way or I have at some point in my life.  The  analogy about the fig tree in the book relating to the future of her life  is breathtaking.  I stayed up and read this all in one night.
B00003CXBK|5.0|It's a shame that big company movies get all the public attention with the action figures and the fast food and the millions in promotion.  The fact is that most of them are bad, and just made to sell and make money off of.   This movie is better then any dinsey movie, the landscapes and animation  are amazing, and the plot is engrosing.  It was playing localy for a while,  I saw it twice.  I hope it comes out on VHS for those of us who don't have  a DVD player.  If there is any way you can see this movie, do it.
6302732786|5.0|I've seen many concert videos, but this is without any doubt the best concert of all time. Hollywood Records should release the DVD of this concert, including the 6 hour long concert... except Spinal Tap. Whether  you're a Queen fan or not, you will love it... and if you're a devoted  Queen fan, don't forget to brink Kleenex because it will make you cry.
B000023VR6|5.0|Before Chronic 2001 came out I was still listening to the orignal &quot;Chronic&quot; and Snoop's &quot;Doggystyle&quot;.  I think fans were just growing impatient with the release of &quot;The Chronic Pt.2&quot;.   After listening to this CD you will see that it was worth the wait.  Most  of the original Death Row Inmates are absent, with the exception of Snoop  Dogg, Nate Dogg and Kurupt.  Dre, through his music, still finds a way to  provide a constant flow throughout the CD. This time around there is  Hittman, Eminem, Xzibit, Ms. Roq and 6-2.  Although the artists don't pack  the punch of the original artists from &quot;The Chronic&quot;,  Dre's  music makes you forget that.  The gems are &quot;What's The  Difference&quot; w/Eminem and Xzibit, &quot;L.A. Niggaz&quot;, &quot;The  Next Episode&quot; w/ Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, and Kurupt,&quot;Forgot About  Dre&quot; w/Eminem and &quot;Light Speed&quot; w/Hittman.  Overall Dr. Dre  has conducted open heart surgery on the rap game.  With upcoming releases  from Xzibit, Eminem, Snoop Dogg and an N.W.A. Reuninon album in the works  (With Snoop Dogg taking Eazy E's place), the doctor will be on call often  in the year 2G.
0671867369|5.0|I read Band of Brothers based on my enjoyment of another of SA's works, Citizen Soldiers. This is a really fantastic book, blending historical facts with personal accounts. The amount of research is very impressive and  it goes a long way to help create a comprehensive picture of the people and  places of the period. The matter-of-fact tone that SA uses to describe  death, especially the deaths of Germans at the hands of Easy Company  soldiers, is appropriate given that WWII was an all-out, desperate war. I  would classify their (E co. men) actions not as &quot;war crimes,&quot;  rather,  as justifiable homicides. Also, the writing was excellent. This is  not a Henry James novel. SA's telling a story.
156224003X|3.0|The title of Werner's book is misleading; the subtitle is much more to the point.  Anyone attracted to this interesting work already knows from experience that mastery is anything but effortless, but oh how we yearn for  the quick fix this very marketable title promises.  I found the most  valuable portion of this engaging book close to its end, in the four-step  section and in its &quot;Afterthought.&quot;  Here is where great effort,  consistent and correct practice habits, and infinite patience -- along with  honest self-evaluation of one's technical ability -- are realistically  discussed.  Finally, Mr. Werner veers away from his &quot;I Am Perfect  (guaranteed to produce anxiety and tension), I Am A Master&quot; mantras in  favor of practical, down-to-earth directions.  With a candor that seems to  be at odds with the greater portion of the book, he discusses the years of  serious mental and physical work that is involved in musical mastery.  In  this excellent section, he leads the musician, always with hope, toward  acceptance of all that must be confronted -- which is not effortless -- if  goals are to be fulfilled and satisfaction achieved.
0380789019|5.0|Neverwhere was awsome! I was bored and my friend told me to read this book. It was awsome! It was a darker version of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Richard has to Arthur Dent's brother, they're basically the  same person. The Marquis was great. He dies and then comes back to life  like dying happens everyday, and Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar are the  defintion of evil and gross (they eat dead animals). Door is just there.  She's kind of boring.  The end is predictable but awsome just the same.  Long live Neil Gaimen
B000003NA4|3.0|I'm young, so I don't really know Ella from Billie from Nina (sue me). I know listening to Diana and her crew puts me in that groove where you wish you were in some club downtown right in front of her. That said, this isn't  my favourite Krall CD - the song selection isn't as strong as &quot;All for  You&quot; or &quot;When I look in your eyes&quot; and it lacks the uptempo  numbers that gave &quot;Only trust your heart&quot; zing. It still is  pretty cool, but there seems to be not enough instrumentation from a very  talented ensemble (the guitarist Russell Malone rules) and it's a pity  Diana didn't go for more piano either. Ironic though, considering my  highlight on this disk is &quot;My love is&quot; where  Diana sings  accompanied solely by Christian McBride's juicy bassline.<br />Go get  &quot;All for you&quot; to see what people are on about and if you like it,  come back here :P
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is a great cd!  If you think Blink 182 is a bunch of sellouts your just plain wrong!  I love this album, but I do admit they had better albums such as, Cheshire Cat and Dude Ranch. I love all the songs,  but my  favorites are Mutt and What's My Age Again. You'll be crazy not to by this  cd!
0380973464|5.0|I read this book, and I loved it. Some people say they didn't like the technical discussions, they were one of my favorite parts. You should probably have some decent math and computer knowledge to completely enjoy  this book, though.
6305627401|5.0|South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, if not the funniest.  I don't think I'll ever get tired of watching it.<br />And while there are plenty of &quot;in&quot; jokes for fans  of the TV show, if you've never seen South Park on TV, you'll still be  laughing so hard you'll cry.
6300214559|5.0|Having seen the film when it first hit cable I have watched Carter and Elwes' careers ever since. Truly a moving story of love and standing firm for ones' beliefs. I long ago wore out my taped copy and wish I could  afford it.. Does anyone know how to get the soundtrack?
B00000BKDX|4.0|Every song on this record is by all means amazing, but I give it 4 stars because I like the studio versions better.
0788811363|1.0|This movie is the most overrated movie of the last few years.  It's too long and it's poorly directed.  I realize that everyone who turns to this review will be a fan of the movie in advance, which is why you're here, but  I have to disagree with you all, and with The Academy, and go in writing  saying this is not much of a movie.  I was happy that the adulterous lady  ended up the way she did.  Actually I think I'd leave the whole movie in a  cave somewhere.  Dippy pseudo-romance that goes on and on, and there's no  one to root for or care about.  I hate these people.
B00002E233|4.0|This film would make an ideal pairing with _Lake Placid_, since both of them deal with our primal fear of the water and of being eaten by something larger than we are.  In this film, however, the emphasis is placed on  action and suspense, with relatively few moments in which to catch your  breath.<br /> This is a very intense, suspenseful film, with numerous shocks  and surprises.  It's nice to see director Harlin (_Cliffhanger_, _The Long  Kiss Goodnight_) back with the sort of film he does best, after such flops  as _Cutthroat Island_.<br /> The effects work is top-notch, with several very  gruesome, gory deaths, caused by the swift-moving sharks.  Another plus in  the film's favor is that it appears that everyone is fair game-there are no  certain survivors among the film's cast.  Anyone may be attacked and eaten  at any given moment.<br /> There's little in the way of comic relief in the  film, although the character played by LL Cool J does add some humor, as he  bemoans his fate (to be stranded in a sinking research facility) and makes  various deals with God to pull him through successfully.  Other than Samuel  L. Jackson and the recognizable face of Swedish actor Skarsgard (_Ronin_,  _Good Will Hunting_), most of the cast is made up of unknowns, with Jane in  the lead role.  Before this, he'd mainly limited himself to smaller,  avant-garde productions, but here makes a convincing action hero lead.<br />  Sort of a pseudo-update of _Jaws_, _Deep Blue Sea_ proves there's still a  lot of potential in films featuring man-eating sharks.  This film is  strongly recommended to those looking for something to get their pulses  racing.
1558216847|5.0|This is an amazing escape story and shows the incredible perservance and endurance humans can draw upon in the most miserable of circumstances. Mr. Rawicz's story is amazing!
0440180295|4.0|I would give this book five stars, but then that would leave no room for me to rate books any higher, and I have liked books better than this one, so it is in the next teir.  The title of my review was sarcastic, I'm just  thinking about all those people who think this book fails as an anti-war  book.  I wonder how many of those people who said it was a failure went to  war, I know Vonnegut did, and he said the book was a failure, and so to  some it was.  I thought it was funny.  But what is truly sad is the people  who hate this book because they think &quot;wow, war is bad--like we didn't  know that&quot; and I think that's the most awful thing anybody can say  since we need to be reminded of that every day of our psychopathic lives.   Propaganda still exists and the probability that we will go to war for some  stupid reason is always imminent, look at how we withdrew from Austria.   We're morons, and if we can laugh at ourselves that's good, and this book  helps us do it.  It's the Dr. Strangelove of books.  There will always be  wars, but to say that it's stupid to argue against causing them is just  ignorant.  Anyone would rather prevent war, or at least delay it as much as  possible, than fight in one.  And to anyone who says this book teaches  immorality, they have obviously missed the irony of this  &quot;immorality.&quot;  Although, the biggest irony is that people who  don't like the book want Pilgrim to be stronger, they want a proud  character who isn't a wimp, as though everyone should be proud and robust.   Heroes don't always have to be heroic.  Good book, unique philosophy, and a  short read.
6303997198|2.0|It is rare that I get offended by a movie.  This one did it.  Meryl Streep is married to a wonderful husband who she completely fails to appreciate.  He's nothing.  Take a hike, jerk.  The man she falls for, to the point of  insisting on being buried with when the time comes, is some guy who drifted  into her life for a week while her husband had taken the kids on a camping  trip.  Sure he's a nice guy.  But what kind of advantage is that.  Who will  a woman be more excited about - her husband of 20 years or some handsome  new guy who falls for her while hubby is away?  This ditz seems to think  that she and her lover are doing the family a favor by not splitting up the  family.  Who the hell is she?  I hope her husband had a few dozen girls on  the side.  It would be hard to find a more unappreciative or a stupider  wife than the one starring in this movie.  He's a photographer.  Whoop de  doo.
B000022TSF|5.0|_Chinatown_ is a very nearly perfect gem of a film.  So few detective/mystery stories are ever attempted, largely because of the difficulty of effectively capturing the time period.  But _Chinatown_ pulls  this off, almost without effort.  We get a believable glimpse at life in LA  as it was in a simpler time, the 30s and 40s.  And the story is an  incredibly layered one, starting with the simple mechanics of what's  happening to the diverted water, eventually blowing up into something along  the lines of a Greek tragedy.<br />This was the film that really made Jack  Nicholson a star and Faye Dunaway is memorable as Evelyn Mulwray.  Whatever  happened to her acting career?  John Huston is the perfect embodiment of  evil and I love the way he purposely mispronounces Nicholson's character's  name.<br />The DVD is a great presentation, with lush jazz on the menu  screens.  There are some nice behind the scenes interviews with Roman  Polanski, Robert Evans, and Robert Towne, whose screenplay won a  well-deserved Oscar.  If anything, some might wish for a more extensive,  comprehensive package of extras.
6303212263|5.0|One of the grandest movies of all time!   Christopher Reeve made his screen debut in the role he would be forever identified. And with good reason.  He IS Superman!  His presence as both Clark Kent and his superhero  alter ego is astoundingly realistic when you consider the fantasy elements  of the story!   He is so real, he simply transcends the screen!  And when  you first see Superman take off, swoop over the camera and fly out of his  &quot;fortress of solitude&quot; your breath is taken away by the  believibility of it all.<br />As good as Reeve is, I would be remiss to ignore  the fine performances by the rest of the cast.  Marlon Brando is excellent  as Jor-El.  His time on screen is brief but very worthwhile.  No other  actor could have done as well.  The farewell speech he gives to his son  before sending him on the long journey to earth is very moving and is  reminiscent of at least one biblical passage.  Margot Kidder is very  convincing as Lois Lane.  She makes you believe she is a street wise  reporter who would do anything for a scoop.  Jackie Cooper as the crusty  Perry White is hilarious, particularly when he is reprimanding Jimmy Olsen  as he is putting an order in for coffee: &quot;And don't call me  sugar&quot;.  Ned Beatty as Otis displays more versatility as an actor in a  role unlike anything he has ever played.  He is very funny.  But chief  among them all and definitely the man from Krypton's equal is S.man's  nemesis, Lex Luthor, portrayed here with equal parts humor and villainy by  the great Gene Hackman.  He should have received a Oscar nomination.<br />From  start to finish this film is an incredible journey that never leaves the  audience feeling empty.  From the opening scenes on Krypton, through the  last shot of Reeve flying by the camera and smiling as if to say,  &quot;Don't worry, it's only a movie&quot;, you are never disappointed.   Only the heartless viewer would be unmoved as Clark Kent says goodbye to  his earthly mother.  The scene is beautifully acted and photographed.  And  when Kent first arrives at the Daily Planet there are several good laughs  as Clark is obviously trying to adjust to his dual persona in attempting to  create an image of the klutz.  Once again excellent performing from Mr.  Reeve! <br />Richard Donner directs with a sure hand this film that has  everything-belly laughs, edge-of-your-seat excitement, heartwarming drama  and spectacle.  A great script by Mario (THE GODFATHER) Puzo certainly  contributes to the proceedings!   John Williams provides what is one of  his finest music scores and captures all of the many moods of this  incredible movie. <br />Like so many others, this reviewer is hoping for the  release of the completely restored version with all of the excised footage.   This version is quite an improvement over the already superb, familiar  release and deserves a wide-screen edition on ALL video formats.  Let's  hope we will see it soon. SUPERMAN: THE MOVIE (as it was originally called)  is superb entertainment for ALL ages and deserves to be passed down through  the generations.  We owe it to our descendents.
6304490119|3.0|Great movie!  Moderate picture quality. Extremely good surround sound track 5.1! <br />The only thing I hated and that is why I am giving it three stars it having to flip the disc at the middle of the movie.
B00000K19E|5.0|_The Matrix_ is a film that measures up favorably to such other classic science fiction films as _Blade Runner_, _12 Monkeys_, _Aliens_, and the Terminator films. In fact, I wouldn't at all be surprised if this becomes the _Blade Runner_ of the 90s (in reference to the incredible influence that film had on the look of films which followed).<br />It's hard to believe that the creators of _Bound_, which was an enjoyable, though forgettable film, could have such an incredible second act waiting. I love this film--not since _Brazil_ have I seen a film worth watching multiple times while it was still in theaters. And the DVD presentation lives up to the film--this is one of those DVD's you want on hand to show your friends what the format is capable of, a \\"show-off\\" disc.<br />I give the film my highest possible recommendation; it lives up to repeated viewings, has a great soundtrack, and the FX are truly groundbreaking. Can hardly wait for the sequel!
0451169514|5.0|What more can one say about Stephen King's classic novel?  It is the foundation upon which all cement statues are formed.  I was reading IT one night, and the fellas went into the basement of the abandoned house with  the werewolf.  These guys had grease on their pee-pees.  Actually it was  baby-oil.  They had rubbed baby-oil all over their pee-pees.  I was like,  &quot;What the heck is this?  Why have you greased up your pee-pees?  I'm  thirty-seven years old, I am probably too old to be playing with  those...&quot;  You can imagine where things went from there.  After we  narrowly escaped the werewolf on our trusty bicycles, I asked George for  some amplitudinal access to his sanctuary.  Fortunately for me, he obliged  and I was able to emit transparent white fluid from his five and a half  inch protusion.  It was a special moment for us both.  Thank you bunches  for listening to me story.  I like this book a lot!
B000002WYT|5.0|It is important to realize that this album, the best my the band so far, should not be solely reviewed based upon the first four songs.  These songs are highly commercialized, and not what this album is about (although Two  Step is fantastic).  The true brilliance in this album is found in Lie in  Our Graves, the greatest DMB song to date.  See, the best Dave Matthews  Band songs are ones without much of his great, but unspectacular lyrics.  In Lie in our Graves, we have that, for simply as a jazz song, it is one  for the ages.  Regardless, this album is full of other wonderful songs such  as the beautiful Let you Down, and as stated, Two Step.  I of course highly  reccomend this album.
0446605409|3.0|The book zipped a long, but I got bored with all the characters that had nothing to do with the plot.<br />Towards the beginning of the book, there is a very long section (100 pages) describing a detailed tour of a facility on  Plum Island, but it had little to do with the rest of the story and the  parts that did could have been clipped to a few pages.<br />But bring it to  the beach, you won't be bored.
B00000JCOV|4.0|At first I balked at picking this up because I thought this is another band with some goofy gimmick.  However, the first half of this CD blew me away. Many influences come through, yet they create something unique.  The  second half of this cd doesn't come close to the first--but it's still  worth buying.
0374172897|2.0|Perhaps if the book had not received the prize and so much praise I would have been pleasantly surprised, but after all the hype I would tend to agree with the dissenters here below, that The Hours, although superbly  crafted and elegantly written, is a hollow and ultimately disappointing  reference to Virginia Woolf's masterpiece.  Cunningham's prose moved me,  but his invented characters did not.  (Of course Virginia herself is  untouchable.)  I am puzzled, still, at my disappointment; have I missed  something, or am I merely more discerning, wary of the aura of  prize-winning?
B00000JXV7|2.0|forces of nature is a movie that just isn't very good.  The plot seems ok at first but as the movie progresses it doesn't really build up to an anticipated climax.  The relationship between Bullock and Affleck is forced  and does not come naturally.  It seems as if there is not much passion or  forbidden love between the two the way the movie builds it up to be.  I  think Affleck made the right choice at the end though, because the girl he  chose was prettier and seemed like she would be more stable and faithful to  her man.
0792839749|3.0|OTHER THAN THE CLASSIC DISNEY CARTOONS, CCBB WAS ONE OF THE MOST MEMORABLE MOVIES FOR ME AS A CHID. A FLYING CAR, NIFFTY GADETS, LOVABLE GOOFY TUNES, AND OF COURSE THE &quot;CHILD CATCHER&quot;.  DRESSED ALL IN BLACK, WITH A  VERY PALE SKIN FACE, HE SEARCHES THE KINGDOM TO CAPTURE ANY AND ALL  CHILDREN, BY ANY MEANS. HE WAS TRULY TERRIFING.  IT RIVALS THE WITCH OF THE  WEST FROM &quot;THE WIZARD OF OZ&quot;.  I STILL ENJOY WATCHING THIS MOVIE,  EXCEPT FOR ONE MAJOR FLAW IN THE DVD EDITION.  THE MOVIE WAS FILMED IN  SUPER PANAVISION 70MM, WHAT CONSUMERS GOT IS A  PAN N SCAN TV VERSION.   THIS IS TRULY AN ABOMINATION OF WHAT THE DIRECTOR ENTEDED US TO SEE.  ALL  MOVIES SHOULD BE SHOWN IN THERE ORIGINAL FORMAT! .  NOW, FOR THOSE OF YOU  WHO REALLY DON'T MIND SEEING THIS PAN VERSION, IT IS A MUST GET FOR CHIDREN  AND ADULTS OF ANY AGE.
0451160916|5.0|this book is one of stephen king's finest masterpieces.in this book a young boy danny,his dad and his mother are stranded in a hotel during winter in colorado.nobody else is in the hotel, well nobody else that's  alive anyway! also danny finds out that he has a special power. read the  book the shining by stephen king, to find out if the family will  make it  out of this evil hotel of horror! i would recommend this book for anyone  that likes horror and from ages 15 and up.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Gosh what to say about this CD.  I  can listen to it in any type of mood, and it always fits just right.  I've listened to it for days on repeat, and can 'tune' it in and out at will.  I love it.  Great artistic expression;  touches everything that is important.  Has never left me with a bad ring in  my ears...
B00000I8UD|5.0|Wonderful Album, Great Music! It's a shame the others who review it have such a short perspective.  What's good about this album is that Sylvian didn't make the music to please everyone else. He writes music that speaks  to him. Everyone can say it is not as good as previous albums only because  this album came after them. All his albums are good for different reasons.  The reason I like Sylvian's music is because it's not music for the masses,  it's personal, it's art!
B000001FYL|3.0|Here Jon Bon Jovi shows his country side, sometimes achieving great tunes, sometimes achieving ridiculous one. The overall result is satisfactory.
6303140157|5.0|Sister Act 2: Back In The Habit is one of the best productions I have seen. Whoopi Goldberg fits her charactor perfectly and Lauryn Hill is super. I especially enjoy the music in this perticular video. This is a  story about faith and determanation. I think everyone should see this film.
B000000H4V|3.0|This CD marked a change of pace for this Brazilian band, and for the better. More structured and planned, the songs are better than before.
B00000K0E5|1.0|What a really disappointing follow-up to the James Bond-films!  How in the world do you bring such a nice and nearly perfect Bond-actor like Dalton to the James Bond-role, and then bring this nerdy and lousy actor  Brosnan to let him play James Bond?  What an insult! <br />Dalton was  convincing and really GOOD as James Bond, but bringing Brosnan to the role  is the same thing as a complete joke! <br />He is weak and dumb!  And what a  hell is this?  Is this supposed to be a James Bond-movie? <br />What a  joke! - It`s a mixture between Die Hard and True Lies! <br />And it lacks ALL  of the James Bond-feelings that the films had during the 60-80`s...<br />The  Bond-era is OVER!  -WHY is people so stupid that they can`t realize  that! <br />-It was over after the Bond-movie &quot;Licence to kill&quot; was  released! <br />I think it`s about time to realize that now! <br />Lousy  movie, and has absolutely NOTHING to do with James Bond!
B000003TA4|5.0|CLEARLY THE BEST ALBUM OF THE 90'S AND OF ALL TIME. DONT STOP AT THAT BECAUSE NIRVANA'S OTHER ALBUMS ARE JUST AS GOOD. NIRVANA IS THE DEFINITION OF SUPREME MUSICMAKING!
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Gee, an African-American man, raised by Native Americans and then inducted into the proto FBI in the 1800's<br />...and not a trace of sarcasm.<br />You can really tell that Will either didn't read or ignored his history before  agreeing to this one.  Hey, more coin in his pocket right?
0684874350|1.0|If you enjoy misery and abuse of others as escapism for yourself,then this is your book.Don't think you'll gain many insights into Irish culture here.....if these people are even real or truthful they are way outside  normal life.So what's to be learned from that? How many times can you read  that Dad spent all the dole money at the pub while the kids went  hungry....before it loses it's meaning? For me there's nothing  here,especially since this same story has been told thousands of times  before. If you like watching the Christians and the lions go at it then get  this book.
6304539282|5.0|Everytime I watch these movies I am amazed. These are the only movies that get better everytime you see them. John Williams' musical score is unbelievable. George Lucas is a genius. The Star Wars movies are perfect.
B00001ODGR|5.0|If you are thinking about buying this DVD because you were a Styx fan back in the '80's...DO IT.  It really brought back a lot of good memories listening to it, plus the sound and picture quality is great.  One thing I  particulary enjoyed is the true to original soundtrack recordings that they  display in concert.(Not alot of hoopla with the crowd)  You will think you  broke out the vinyl  stash when this hits the system.  Hope this helps your  decision, it is worth the $.
0440403278|5.0|Remarkable, intense and suspenseful are just three of millions of words that describe this book. The book has a groundbreaking plot and keeps you in suspense after every chapter. Read Number the Stars by Lois Lowry. This  story depicts a struggle between a brave girl named, Annemarie, trying to  help her best friend, a courageous girl, Ellen, a Jewish neighbor. This  touching book takes place in the year 1943 when Annemarie and Ellen are  fighting for freedom from the Nazi soldiers in Copenhagen, Denmark. When  the soldiers invade Annemarie's house, Ellen was disguised as  Lise,Annemarie's older sister. Will the soldiers find out who Ellen really  is?  Lois Lowry wrote very simply, but is very well organized.  She keeps  you in suspense after every chapter.  Read this book and you will find  yourself sitting at the edge of your seat.  Will Annmarie help Ellen and  her family escape the Nazi soldiers?
6304539258|5.0|Where to begin? This movie launched a million dreams ... can we credit it with the renewed interest in space exploration that followed in the '80's? It can certainly be credited with drawing new and old fans into science  fiction, and movies that are fun. No Woody Allen angst here, this is  actiion and spirituality and romance and FUN all wrapped up in a neat  package. Don't just sit there reading this, buy the movie!
0380713802|1.0|When a prejudiced guy goes abroad to nourish his prejudices, it begets a book full of clichés. Sure, BB is subtle enough not to let us in on his preconceived judgements, but he definitely carries a bagful of them. The  book even lost its (claimed) humor on me because, as an European, I've been  familiar with all those commonplaces for ages. \\"Neither Here Nor  There\\" is so shallow that it has almost nothing to do with what Europe  is about. Indeed, BB should stick to his English teaching knack.
B000002ADT|5.0|A (now) good friend of mine gave me this CD with only these words: &quot;Listen.  You will understand.&quot;  All the reviews we could write cannot even begin to tell the truth of this recording, so I will not try.   You must listen to understand.  When you do, you will know why all good  jazz collections start with Kind of Blue.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Having seen but failed to buy the special edition when it first came out I've been looking for it ever since. And now I found it on DVD. The film itself is of course excellent  so of more interest is the use made of DVD.  And in a word it's brilliant. The &quot;Behind the scenes&quot; and the  Design Photographs are very revealing. It does lack a commentary track  but  the interview with Cameron is a good alternative.  The picture and sound  clarity are amazing. Probably the crispest picture I've seen. All things  considered a definite must buy for any fans of the film.. even those who  own the tape version.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Now I know that this album may not be as raw or as heavy as their first album, but this one packs a punch. The songs are actually better on this album. Better lyrics,better guitar work,and better overall everything  pushes this album up above their eponymous debut. This one has more melody  and actually some meaningful lyrics. Fred Durst can make you feel his pain  in songs such as &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Rearranged&quot;. These songs  also have lyrics about Fred's past breakups with girlfriends and other  probs that teens may face. The lyrics on this album can be related to early  Offspring lyrics, although not as blunt and not as good. But this album is  definitely worth a listen, it has a large number of good songs.
B000026I8U|5.0|After being the lead singer of the Mano Negra, Manu Chao decides to go solo and to travel around the world.  From his trip to Latin America, Manu brought back a beautiful album that mixes flavours from Mexico, Brazil, and  the Revolution. With thoughtful and poetic lyrics, sung in no less than 4  languages, and beautiful music, Manu Chao gave us an amazing gift.  So far,  I have not met anyone yet that did not totally love it. And by the way,  this album has already been a hit in France for the last year or so.
B000002KET|5.0|Now i am only a fan of the Ozzy years of Sabbath, and this is their best album. The albums that came before this one were very good, but lacked experimental music and melody. This album has great melody (incorporating  keyboards and synthesizers) and extremely catchy lyrics. The song  &quot;Killing Yourself to Live&quot; is one of the best Sabbath songs ever.  The lyrics on this album express feelings of hate towards music critics and  most of the songs have a lot to do with war. This lyrics on this album are  so powerful and meaningful taht no other Sabbath album stands up to this  one. The music is also the best on this album. Tony's guitar playing is at  a peak on this album, and the rhythm section of Butler and Ward could never  sound better. The way that Sabbath brings synthesizers and keyboards to the  table gives Sabbath a whole new sound, a better sound. Trust me when I say  that Sabbath met a creative apex with this album. Although its sad to say,  but they could never do better than this. This album is so breath-taking  that you will want to listen to the stories of heaven and hell over and  over again. Dont let the cover of this album fool you, the music or lyrics  on this record arent satanic. But Ozzy's lyrics are so creative  on this  album, if you just listen to what he says and really concentrate on the  lyrics, he will take you on a musical journey. Ozzy's voice also sounds  better on this album, it matches really well with the music. Go and buy  this C.D. now, it is the best of Sabbath!
B00001PE4D|1.0|Stay away unless you like your movies boring. This waste of celluloid plods along without ever really displaying any of the passion that is promised in its previews/trailers. Recommended only for those who have  trouble sleeping at night.
B000002JSJ|5.0|Now this album may not have a really memorable song on it such as &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; or &quot;Whole Lotta love&quot;, but this album has some really great music on it. In fact, I think that this is  Zeppelin's best album as far as Jimmy's guitar playing goes. John Bonham's  drumming is unbelievable. That is what makes this album so great, the  combination of the bass,guitar,and the explosive drumming. But of course,  in my opinion, Robert Plant only brings down the music. His vocals really  dont fit the music on this album. Everyone is always saying how Zeppelin  were the originators of heavy metal, but i dont think so. I think that  Black Sabbath were the originators of Hard Rock and metal. And this is the  only Zeppelin album that actually has heavy music on it. Jimmie's guitar  work and John Bonham's drumming plus the bass work of John Paul Jones mixes  together great on this album. The music is what holds this one together,  this is definitely Zeppelin's hard rock album. To bad is also their most  under-rated album, because this one is my favorite.
B00000BKDS|5.0|GREATEST METAL BAND EVER.This cd is great.every metalhead who doesnt have this album in there collection has to have it now its awesome .this edition is nice nice inlay cover song phatom of the opera is my all time fave  maiden song ever such power. buy now add to your metal collection.  ASAP.korn kids stay way cause iron maiden gonna get you no matter how  far...DIE HARDS OF METAL YOU RULE STAY METAL FOREVER DON'T GIVE INTO TRENDS  THANKS CYA PEACE.
B00003CXDD|5.0|This is probably one of the best movies out there. It is the classic tale of good and evil set on a mysterious, magical almost medieval land. I can't believe this movie got such horrible reviews when it first came out. It is  great for all ages (although a bit intense for children) and a definite  classic. It is one of those movies that sparks many imaginations. Now, all  we need is a re-release especially in DVD. Why are we waiting?
0671042858|5.0|When you finish reading this book you will feel emotionally drained, mentally exhausted, and ultimately happy that you picked it up in the first place. Don't be put off by this book's length, in fact, it makes for a  &quot;one-sitting&quot; read, that will leave you as aforementioned. King  really touches the inner parts of your heart and mind, as you feel the  struggle and pain of this lost little girl. I wonder how many of us would  react as well to the perils that besieged little 'Tricia in this journey  through the human heart, mind, and wilderness.
B00001ZUGJ|1.0|Hands down, this is the worst overall movie I have ever gone to see in the theater (and I saw Leonard Part 6 in the theater, folks!).  I cannot believe that some cyberpunk comic book crazies have actually said  &quot;this is the best sci-fi film ever&quot;.  Question: Have you ever  seen any of the following films: 2001: A Space Odyssey, Star Wars(episodes  1, 4, and 5), Alien, Contact, or Blade Runner? These are good sci-fi  movies.  Keanu Reeves as a cyberpunk hacker running around in special  effects-goth land is not a good thing.  <br />I actually got gas from this  movie- that's how much I didn't like it.  People who will like this movie:   cybergeeks who want to believe that they may someday be taken out of their  dreary existances and chosen to save humanity.<br />Great Special effects?   Looks like a Gap ad combined whith that car ad where rows of cars fly by  that guy standing in a white room. <br />Horrible, horrible, horrible!  Please  don't believe the hype.  This movie was yuck-o.<br />Keanu will always be that  guy from &quot;Bill &amp; Ted&quot; to me anyway, so I can't take the goon  seriously...
B000002KXV|5.0|in response to A.M.SMITH'S reviews, I actually have only heard sections of the c.d. in question here ,however I do very much enjoy Pretzl logic. By the amount and ,if I may say so, quality of the reviews ,Ido need to  encourage a.m.smith to play the whole c.d. for me without our children  wanting to hear jethro tull1!  Seriously here, excellent listening and it  is great to see and read so many dedicated fans of Mr. Fagen. Keep it  up! Mati Caspi is a good listen also, but is in hebrew!
0783225881|5.0|This is my absolute favorite movie of all time.  It is so simple, and at the same time so complex.  It is whimsical, funny, emotional and probably the best &quot;feel good about life&quot; movie of the past decade.<br />This  is Kevin Costner's best film. He is wonderfully believable as Ray Kinsella.  The cinemetography and soundtrack go perfectly together with what the  story is trying to accomplish.<br />I feel very strongly about what this movie  is trying to say and I will always cherish this film.  One of the all-time  greats.
B000005DQR|5.0|At first I thought this CD was a mistake, but after one awesome night a friend and I listened to it for hours.  The songs each have their own place and do their best to draw the listener deep inside the beats and trippy  loops. I think that the bests songs on here are &quot;the counting  song&quot; and &quot;midnight in a perfect place&quot;. A definite must for  any stoner.
6305127689|4.0|Nope, it is definately not oscar material.  Nobody will ever be lauded for their performance as an actor for this film.  It is cliched and corny.<br />WHO THE HELL CARES, THOUGH? <br />This is one of the most fun and  carefree movies of the last 15 years.  Studly heros, sexy babes, ridiculous  one-liner driven cliched diologue (I probably could recite the whole thing  from beginnong to end, though!)  What more could you want?  Oh, OK, I guess  we'll put in some awesome f-14 dogfights and some cheesy 80's rock music.   Satisfied?  Yes, now we have the perfect &quot;watch it in your dorm some  afternoon with all your buddies&quot; film.<br />All I can say is:<br />When it  first came out on video, me and my dad rented it almost every weekend  untill we broke down and bought it like 3 months later.<br />Buy a couple of  'em, just in case you break one!
0786223448|4.0|Skellig was a good book for me to read. It involves fact and fiction. A human that have wings and William Blake, the poet. A boy finds a man in his garage who has lived there a long time. He tries to help him but the man  just keeps ignoring him. The boy's siter was born premature but the man  ends up helping her get better. <br />I liked this story because it was so  easy for me to get involved and I wanted to read from start to finish at  once. I really enjoyed the story and I learnt something from it too. I  enjoyed it as well as learning about William Blake and his poems. It was a  <br />I would like to read other books from David Almond's collection. <br />It  was a weird book because I couldn't imagine a human with wings living in a  garage. Also, I would like to congratulate David Almond on creating and  writing a fascinating story.
6304618344|5.0|This movie was one of the best action movies I have ever seen.  There were numerous shootouts that caught my eye.  I really liked the one in the apartment and in the airport.  Nicolas Cage is a very good action actor.   Same with Travolta.  They both make good archrivals
044100590X|5.0|This book is a must read for scifi fans and even non sci fans, who will probably be scifi fans after reading this book. This book comes to life for anyone reading it, and anyone reading this book will be glued to it till  3am. Forget the movie (Dune), and get the book!
6302158249|5.0|What can I say except Mark Knopfler is at his best on this video.  I don't think you will see a range in guitar styles and techniques on any other recording that could match Alchemy Live. Sultans of Swing, Tunnel of Love  &amp; the Opus Telegraph Road are among some of the best songs on this  video and in the music industry overall.  And best of all his songs  actually tell a story and have meaning unlike a lot (not all) of the  mundane pop songs that we hear today.
6305750750|3.0|Sort of like Sex!  What I mean to say is, this can't be everything I expected.  But if I buy this movie, and I might just hold out for the slim but wonderous chance that Lucas blesses us with DVD now instead of later,  it will be for the last 10 minutes of footage during the last half hour of  action:  Light saber heaven.  Now don't get me wrong, I don't want any  Anakin accidentally blowing up the control ship, I want the Maulmeister  cleverly dividing and almost completely conquering the dynamic duo of QGJ  and OB1.  I want the so fast you must pause and slow play (DVD please)  light saber strokes.  I want to watch the hours Maul has to kill OB1 as he  rises out of the shaft.  I want to watch it over and over.  Repeat A - B  style (DVD again).  I just wish I COULD edit out the other 2/3 of the final  half hour.  Not that they're that bad, just multiple interruptions of Jedi  bliss.  The first 10 minutes aren't too bad either.  Love that penetrating  saber in portal scene.  Spoiled by rolling droid balls.  By the way, to all  you Jar Jar rippers out there, what about Fode and Beed?  Not nearly as  much screen time, but considerable damage to the Star Wars universe in such  a short time!  If Jar Jar is coming back, which it sounds like he certainly  is, Maul better come back, just to finish him off.  <br />Here is the big  question, if Lucas produced this all himself, to avoid studio tampering,  why did he make a bigger mess than any studio exec. ever could dream?  I  mean the least common demo type script, full of very childish jokes, come  on.  Star Wars was so much more natural in its stupid humor.  So easy and  subtle. (Granted cheesy, but not hit you over the head fart jokes.)  I  couldn't dream of writing up such a successful fantasy universe, so spare  me any retorts, but something happened to the magic, and I know its more  than everyone growing up.  <br />I must beg, finally, for the DVD we all want  now.  Give us ANH, ESB, and ROTJ, at least, NOW!  Just incase the world  ends or something else much worse!  Please.  Make the logical choice.  The  council has spoken.
B000022TSF|5.0|\\"Chinatown\\" is a faultlessly executed rendering of a steamy mix of scandal and corruption that came to be known generically as \\"West-Coast Politics.\\"  The movie is fleshed out with familiar elements:  the backstage powerbroker  who has a thirst for water, land and, (above all), control;  the  hard-boiled-but-decent private dick whose hubris ultimately wreaks havoc on  the innocent;  the beautiful socialite desperately trying to conceal the  horrors of the past.<br />Jack Nicholson as private-eye J. J. Gittes provides  us with the hallmark rakish charm and unforgettable gumshoe dialog, (\\"Mrs.  Mulwray, I damn near lost my nose... and I LIKE it...  I like BREATHING through  it!\\").  It is through the appealing persona of Gittes, (he is in virtually  every scene), that we see an insignificant \\"matrimonial\\" job unfold, first  into a case of mistaken identity with humorous undertones, then unravel  into a political/psychological nightmare.<br /> Faye Dunaway radiates the  perfect mixture of strength and vulnerability as Mrs. Mulwray; (notice how  she can't pronounce the word \\"father\\" without stuttering... a sad  foreshadowing of events to come).<br /> John Houston as Noah Cross is one  of the most compelling villains in cinema history.  A stewy admixture of  avuncular charm and loathsomeness, Cross seems to embody what we should  recognize intuitively in modern politics:  The charming and treacherous  liar.   <br /> This cinematic gem employs a host of memorable secondary  characters - watch how Polanski, in his cameo, wears an expression that  quickly shifts from amusement to fury after Gittes refers to him as a  midget.  Everyone, from Investigating Detective Escobar and his hostile  cronies, to Gittes' petulant office secretary, or \\"Morty,\\" the L.A. County  Examiner, (who has one of the movie's funniest lines), provides proper  measures of banal levity or self-deception to the story.<br />As one who has  nearly worn-out a VHS copy of this great film, the DVD version was eagerly  anticipated.  This new version is not disappointing, particularly with the  restoration of the soundtrack.   This movie is a lesson in great  filmmaking.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|If you are a huge fan of this movie, as many are, you will not be overly disapointed, but if you are also a huge fan of what DVD can give you, you might be.  The audio and visual are both fine, except for some loss of  volume on the dialogue, but the editing is confusing.  Why Mr. Mann decided  to expand by removing! is beyond me.  Should be called a Director's CUT.  I  can't say I watched this movie too many times before I bought it on DVD,  but I noticed almost all the omissions on first viewing, and my player  gives me a nice jump right around the love scene area.  I don't too  terribly mind Clannad being gone, although I love the song and the band, it  wasn't absolutely fitting in this movie.  The additions are mostly minor,  and that's a shame.  I rarely feel this way, but this movie is one which  actually should be LONGER.  An epic film (sort of) under 2 hours!  Oh well.   Enjoy, yearn for more, and maybe someday, we'll have a DVD worthy of this  fantasic movie.
0060926317|4.0|I read some of the reviews here *after* reading &quot;Mutant Messages&quot; and while it isn't for me to judge the reactions, I am curious as to why so many get caught up with the messenger when the message  is the key. Granted the writing is simplistic, akin to &quot;Celestine  Prophecy.&quot; But, if one considers that the *message* is simple,  elemental, natural...creating a vehicle by which the learned could spend  their time deciphering and arguing as to interpretation would completely  dishonor the *teachers*...fictional or not.<br />I didn't find the story or  writing style got in my way of finding the gentle reminders. After all,  things of the spirit personality are simple. It is only things of the body  personality that are complex and create the conflict in our lives.<br />If you  only walk away with one small truth and allow it to enhance your  perceptions surrounding this life's lessons, then it seems the journey  Morgan takes you on would be well worth it.
0060987464|5.0|IT WAS SO INTERSTING TO READ !  YOU LEARN ALL ABOUT MARILYN MANSON'S LIFE. THERE ARE LOTS OF DETAILS AND MANY ANECDOTES. THIS IS A SUBLIME BOOK I RECOMMEND TO EVERYBODY (FANS OF MANSON OR PEOPLE WHO DON'T REALLY LIKE OR  UNDERSTAND HIM). IT'S THE BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ (I'VE DEVOURED IT IN  JUST ONE DAY DURING ALL THE AFTERNOON AND NIGHT AND I'M GONNA READ IT A  SECOND TIME ! ). BUY THIS BOOK OR YOU'RE MAD  !
0312955006|4.0|A rich top notch gripping thriller, this book is the ideal company for courtroom action and true crime mistery lovers looking for a good read. This my third Connelly book after The Black Echo and The Black Ice, (I  recommend to read them in this order) and Mr Connelly, has again as in the  others, developed his unique skills too create fast paced action packed  suspense and to easily manipulate the reader the way he wants providing  also a thorough knowledge of the setting, the city of LA with its dregs. At  the same time that Harry Bosch is on trial for pulling the trigger  &quot;too quick&quot;, he gets in his crosshairs several suspects to  investigate (one at a time), and that brings along excellent opportunities  to unfold the outstanding suspense when he follows them, in addition the  trial provides further entertainment, great court action, and more positive  confusion. Unfortunately, I can see some flaws; the suspects are  investigated for reasons not too clear, (looks like if you are close to  Harry he will investigate you), on top of that our hero makes it again  catching the bad guy employing his great proficiency and brainy capacity,  but this time he gets too much help of &quot;his father&quot; Mr. Connelly  who turns around all the events for Harry Bosch the easy way with the  typical ending. Why that easy Mr.Connelly?, you are an excellent writer,  the ending is not your trademark &quot;master twist&quot; style
630428540X|3.0|This was romantic and funny with drama in it to. And it dosent have a lot of kissing so that means younger kids can watch it to. Not like todlers or 3 or 4 year olds because it dose have some swearing in it. But other then  that this movie is really inteligent and the person who wrote this knows  what they where doing. I want to bye this movie know.
6302968100|4.0|Apocalypse Now would have probably never been surpassed as to having so many great actors brought together to make one incredible film. But True Romance did just that. Okay, it's not exactly the greatest film of all  time, come on now. It's just a fun movie to watch, especially if you're a  film buff. With each turn, a new superstar emerges and delivers one of  his/her greatest performances in a great long while. Maybe it's the  naturality of the dialogue in Tarantino's script; I consider it to be his  best yet! Of course those of you who've seen the movie... you know what I'm  about to say. The greatest scene in the film? Come on. You know what it is.  The Hopper/Walken scene! Yes! While it's certainly crude and offensive and  not found in your average Disney flick, this scene is the gem of this 2  hour romp. I can't really say what it's about, but it's really incredible  how well the chemistry between two great actors and one helluva script come  together. Gary Oldman is pretty freakin' good in this movie too. It's only  ashame that so many great actors didn't get enough screen time. Still, it's  a really good movie and well worth the few hard-earned bucks needed to dish  out for it. Simply a must-have for Tarantino junkies.
1573301183|5.0|This is by far one of the best live concert videos i have ever seen in my life.  As a long-time AIC fan, this particular unplugged episode was really satisfying.  This euphoric DVD experience offers melodic renditions of all  my favorite AIC tunes, such as Rooster, Got Me Wrong, Brother, and Over  Now.  The show marks the return of AIC after a 3 year hiatus from the  stage. I felt this video really emphasized the acoustical talents of all  the band members, and especially highlights the vocal attributes of  Jerry  Cantrell.  Alice In Chains 'Unplugged' is a delightful alternative to the  naturally gritty sound of the guys in Chains.  This selection is definately  a must-have for any true Seattle-sound fan. Staley and Cantrell are a match  made in harmony heaven.
B000021XS0|5.0|I've been a long time Dream Theater fan and i believe this is my favorite album they have ever released! What a concept album! Right up there with Mindcrime,Wall,and 2112!
0446525537|5.0|I loved this book. But I believe Jamie lived. Email me to get my answer to why I believe she lived (ktgirl2000@hotmail.com)
B000002JNG|4.0|I like this album very much though it has some average tracks. But such songs as &quot;Tie Die On The Highway&quot;, &quot;Nirvana&quot;, &quot;Anniversary&quot;, &quot;Watching You&quot; are realy wonderful.  &quot;Anniversary&quot; brings an enormous portion of sadness on me every  time I listen to it and I don't know why. While &quot;Hurting Kind&quot;,  &quot;Nirvana&quot;, &quot;SSS &amp; Q&quot; are whole lotta energy. A very  good contrast between songs here. In my opinion, this is the best Plant's  work of the 90's.
1573226521|3.0|contrite topic that's been written about a thousand times... Lord of The Flies, Rushing TO Paradise, Eco's The Island of The Day Before, Films-with Anne Heche and Harrison Ford, Return to paradise... someone winds up in se  asia or an island things go wrong then they discover themselves,  whatever... this is a good book for armchair adventurers and wannabe  backpackers... much better adventure travel reading like Redmond O'hanlon  and Tim Cahill... a big fan of Thailand in general his descriptions of  Bangkok and the islands are great, and he does have a pleasant voice... I  would say see the movie but Leo depresses me, so you might as well read the  book...
B000002HH9|1.0|I love the Cure. I have all of their albums, and when this album came out I rushed out and bought it. Talk about a let down!  How could they put out such garbage after all their great albums? I just hope the new album,  Bloodflowers, will redeem them.
B00001QEE6|5.0|Disney Home Video has done an excellent job on this DVD -- the widescreen version of this Disney favorite gives animation fans the experience of enjoying the entire film in its original theatrical form.  Can't wait to  see the future Disney DVD's in the DISNEY GOLD COLLECTION secheduled to be  released this year.  Hopefully, ALL TITLES WILL BE WIDESCREEN, especially  &quot;Rescuers Down Under&quot; - &quot;The Fox &amp; the Hound&quot; -  &quot;The Black Cauldron&quot; - &quot;Bedknobs &amp; Broomsticks&quot; and  &quot;The Aristocats&quot;
B0000026CM|5.0|Most people who own something by Toto, have the Toto 4 cd, with it's #1 Africa, and five weeks at #2 Rosanna (which by the way was really a #1, but Olivia Newton Johns' &quot;Physical&quot; got there first and held on for  ten weeks--- so someone had to be #2). Let me tell you, The Seventh One is  the out growth of this album (Toto 4), and if you have that one, you really  need to have this one too. This is the record that should have followed  Toto 4 instead of Isolation, This is akin to Journey's Frontiers which  followed Escape, a one two puch! but there was too much time gone by when  this music came out and Rosanna and Africa had become too familiar. Songs  like Pamela and Mushanga would have seemed like retreads to the casual  listener, but they are actually &quot;older, more developed forms&quot; of  the same voice. Pamela went to #22 and was the only real hit here, but if  you have &quot;4&quot; then you gotta have this one too. Stuff like  &quot;Home of the Brave&quot; and &quot;Stay Away&quot; are like some of  their best rock out stuff and even go back to their first and second albums  for reference, It's obvious they ripened on this album and the original  concept of &quot;TOTO&quot; burst into full bloom here. It's a crying shame  it wasn't given the attention it deserved. I'm a long time Toto fan, from  &quot;Hold the line&quot; to &quot;Mindfields&quot; and this CD is the one  not to miss... especially if you already have &quot;4&quot;. Definitive  &quot;matured&quot; Toto. And it's an hour long too!
0380973839|5.0|Well, now I see why it this book is considered a classic.  I found it to be tremendous. My only complaint is that is rather short and it was over too quickly.  I wanted more!  Bradbury just has a neat way of describing  things, I found myself constantly amused, yet very interested in where each  story would go next.  I wouldn't say I loved every story, but most of them  are great if not good.  &quot;The Third Expedition&quot; is the best short  story I have EVER read period.  The book would be worth getting just for  that one alone.  Fortunately, the rest of the book is enjoyable, too!
038532653X|4.0|I think that Skellig is a wierd book because really I couldn't imagine seeing a creature with wings. I did however quite like it because where we stopped reading it kind of kept you hanging on in suspense before you started reading it again. I liked how David Almond brought a poets work  into the story too. If I had one critism then it would be that it didn't  tell you what kind of creature Skellig was. My favourite charactor was  Skellig because it was a wierd creature and not a normal person just like  all of the other charactors were like Michael and his Mum were. I really  enjoyed reading it and I may consider reading some David Almonds Other  books that he has written.
0312853238|5.0|A young boy who fulfills his destiny to save the universe is almost a common character in fiction, a poor example of which is George Lucas' &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;.  Lucas should have given up his pitiful attempt  at writing, and should've simply copied &quot;Ender's Game&quot; in  entirety - Lucas would have ended up with an immortal masterpiece.  Card is  a rare genius on the level of Charles Dickens, and he created a character  in Ender so complex and vivid, yet so familiar and near to our hearts.   This novel will stand the test of time as one of the very few greatest  sci-fi of all time.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is by far Diana's best recording to date,although her previous ones are excellent. She is a fine jazz pianist and singer. I am looking forward to her next CD and hope that it too will have a full accompaniement similar  to LOVE SCENES.  Glen Sampsel.
B000002KOY|5.0|Really about 4 1/2 stars, but I would rather risk over-rating than under-rating this by even a bit. Great little album by Neil Young's backing group. Really essential too, not only for Neil fans but early 70's fans.       Nils Lofgren, Neil's piano man on &quot;Southern Man&quot; is here in the  mix too as the fifth member, but not always properly credited as so.   Lofgren's version of &quot;Beggar's Day&quot; is superior here to remake on  solo years later, so you Nils fans also should have a look into this.     People who love Robbie Robertson &amp; The Band, some Grateful Dead fans  who fell in love with them first and foremostly for a pair of albums in the  year 1970 likely also find this Crazy Horse album of country/folk/rock  appealing.     Yes, indeedy, a tasty, tasty offering eschewing the  goody-goodiness of the likes of Poco or CSN.  Closer to hippy life in the  country than any of them;  dark shadows as well as good times;  deeper  without being weighted down.  Good times and hard times,  &quot;A  drunkard's dream&quot; if ever to be believed, get your hog heaven right  here, those of you who know what I'm getting at.  Moments of exhilarating  fun, moments to give pause.  &quot;I Don't Want To Talk About It&quot;, a  Danny Whitten song here later covered by Rod The Mod, intrigingly worth a  listen in its authoritative version as well, especially in the  retrospective light of the subsequent tragedy of his short life.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is most definitely the greatest album released by megadeth. It features deep riffs and speedy solos. The people who like the old stuff better than this are crazy. Marty Friedman is a much superiour guitarist  than Chris Poland will ever be. The riffs keep coming and dont stop. Nick  Menza the drummer brought a new perspective of metal to the band. With him  as their new drummer they left behind simple punkish beats to complex  metal. Megadeth's best.
0440219078|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed The Giver.  It really does a great job of conveying the importance  of &quot;sharing&quot; memories.  It's just not fair to the human mind to deprive it of such wonderful things.  But, the flip side is  with all happy things come sad things.  With Christmas and love, also come  war and hate.  All in all a great book.  I would recommend it strongly to  any reader with an open mind.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this cd is awesome. it is finely crafted into a blazing masterpiece of fury and rage and represents the peak of modern metal. korn sucks in comparison with slipknot. they have a couple of good songs, but slipknot  has them beat in every department.
630438551X|3.0|This year, as a high school freshman, I was required to read Romeo and Juliet. After we read it, in its full form, my teacher thought it would be a treat to watch this modernized version fo the movie. It leaves out so  much information, and, if anyone isn't completely familiar with the story  of Romeo and Juliet, then much of thew action is hard to follow, since the  dialogue is not only out of place but hard to understand. The filmography  is beautiful, but there is so much that is misinterpreted or omitted that  the movie doesn't quite measure up.
0790729733|5.0|This has got to be one of my favorite films of all time...I've watched at least a dozen times and pick up on a fact that I didn't see the last time. I am not certain that I agree with all of the facts that Stone is  presenting here, but you can't argue that he didn't do a superb job with  this film. Even if you don't buy the conspiracy theories he presents, the  acting is fabulous, the use of imagery from the period is right on the  money, and the three hours that this film runs is up before you know it.  <br />You can't walk away from this film without at least considering the  information that Stone is presenting. If you really do your research on  this case, however, (and what I mean is read books on both viewpoints and  form your own opinions) you will notice this: any reasonably thinking  person will come to the conclusion that what REALLY happened on November 22  in Dallas and what we have been told throughout history is not the same. Is  Stone's version the &quot;truth&quot;?  Decide for yourself. <br />Either way,  don't miss this film. At worst, it will make you THINK, and that is never a  bad thing.
6305750750|5.0|The 3 of us are kids, and have seen the movie twice. We all 3 loved it, and instead of worrying about plots, actors and all that, we went out and bought as many of the action figures as we could and reenact the movie to  this day. It is one of our fave movies. We first got into the Star Wars  craze when our dad forced(excuse the pun) us to watch the original movies.  JarJar was one of our favorite characters, for you people who are  criticizing him. All in all, we loved Episode 1. It is a great movie, and  we recommend it to everyone. PS Our dad liked it too.
0679437223|5.0|Undoubtedly, this book is a modern classic. To describe and elucidate all peculiarities of its style, allusions (Shakespeare, Dostoevsky, etc.), plot, characters and its influence on the modern culture and life one will  need to write another book of similar volume. So I'll be short: the novel  is excellent, a must read.<br />It starts as a brilliant satire showing  absurdity of a war machine and its human components. In times the story is  so funny that it is preferably to read in solitude in order not to  exasperate people with irrepressible laughter. But in the second half of  the novel the festive mode metamorphoses: a hilarity becomes a horror of a  man ensnared by a booby trap. The events and orders are crazy but the blood  of friends is absolutely real. The black comedy, taking place in Italy  during World War II, transforms into a hideous picture of the human  society, where a life of an ordinary person signifies nothing being only a  card in heinous game of rapacious and salacious potentates. In one of the  last chapters Rome, the Eternal City, appears as an apocalyptic vision of  impending destruction of the iniquitous world. The marvelous novel of  Joseph Heller warns us: Be vigilant!
B00001U03Q|5.0|In one word -- WOW.  This CD has such a great line up.  I think the best surprise, and the most &quot;hip&quot; (very 90's!), was track 14 -- I Get Lost.  That song is awesome and yet another example of Clapton's gift for  songwriting and guitar playing talent.  And as a previous reviewer already  said, a CD with Tears in Heaven, It's In the Way That You Use It, etc. --  all-inclusive!  You couldn't ask for a better compilation of his post-86  material.  Get this now!
0446525537|3.0|We just reviewed this book at our book club. Contrary to what we've been led to believe throughout the book, am I the only one to conclude that Jamie Sullivan does not die at the end of the story?        alm-msm@msn.com
0385484518|5.0|TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE BY MITCH ALBOM IS A TRUE MASTERPIECE.  A FORMER COLLEGE PROFESSOR, MORRI ESCHWARTZ IS DIAGNOSED WITH AMYOTROPOHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS, OR LOU GEHRIG'S DISEASE.  LOU GEHRIG'S DISEASE IS AN ILLNESS OF  THE NEUROLOGICAL SYSTEM WITH OUT ANY KNOWN CURE.  THIS BOOK EXPLAINS HOW  MORRIE REALTES AND LOOKS UPON DYING.  FOR THE NEXT FOURTEEN WEEKS THEY MEET  ON TUESDAYS.  ON THE FIRST TUESDAY THEY TALK AOUT THE WORLD.  MORRIE SAID  &quot;LOVE IS THE ONLY RATIONAL ACT&quot;  MORRIE TALKS ABOUT A DIFFERENT  SUBJECT EACH TUESDAY.  FOR EXAMPLE ON THE SEVENTH TUESDAY  THEY TALK ABOUT  THE FEAR OF AGING.  WITH EACH TUESDAY YOU UNDERSTAND YOURSELF AND THE WORLD  A LITTLE BETTER.      IT WILL MAKE YOU EXAMINE YOUR LIFE AND THE MEMORIES  YOU HAVE WITH LOVED FAMILY AND FRIENDS.IT REMINDEDED ME OF A BED TIME  STORY.  ALTHOUGH IT WASN'T EXACTLY A HAPPY ENDING IT HAD EVERYTHING.  IT  HAD QUOTES FROM OTHER PEOPLE THAT SHARED MORRIE'S VIEWS AND OPINIONS. THIS  HELPED ADD TO THE REALISM OF THE NOVEL.  SIMILARLY MORRIE OFTEN TOLD  STORIES THAT HAD TOUCHING MORAL.  ALSO THE FACT THAT IT IS A TRUE STORY  ADDS TO THE WONDER AND AMAZEMENT.  I RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO EVERYBODY.  IT  IS A HEARTWARMING STORY OF TWO FRIENDS BONDED BY SOMETHING MORE THAN  FRIENDSHIP.  MORRIE GIVES GREAT ADVICE TO PEOPLE OF ALL AGES THAT YOU CAN  BENEFIT FROM.  IN READING THIS BOOK YOU WILL SEE EVERYTHING FROM A NEW  PERSPECTIVE.
6301599411|1.0|As a student of archaeology, it saddens me to see something as false and incorrect as von Daniken's Chariots of the Gods, given such attention. His evidence has been disproven by the scientific community, something that has  not been passed on to the average viewer.  Chariots of the Gods is in no  way helpful. It's theories, many of them based on evidence that was  artifically created, draw the public's attention away from scholarily  research to off the wall theories created by a man without any sort of  formal education. He has no degree or higher training in archaeology, yet  his theory is more widely read than most Harvard professors. If the public  wants to watch this pseudo-documentary, they are more than welcome, but  science does not give Chariots of the Gods any more credit than Rocky  Horror Picture Show. I agree with Blockbuster's take on this film, shelving  it beside Independence Day and Jaws.
0679746048|5.0|Girl Interrupted is written in three different kinds of chapter styles. Narrative chapters tell the story line. The second kind of chapter consists of Susanna's interpertation of what was taking place in the hospital. The  third style of chapter lets the reader understand Susanna while she  discusses ideas in depth. The plot of the story is easy to follow.  After a  series of events that make Susanna a possible danger to herself, she is  sent to a mental hospital. At the hospital, Susanna makes friends easily,  and she uses a humorous style to describe events. Humor derives from the  fact that her experiences are often so disturbing that it is easier for one  to laugh than to cry.  By the end of the novel, Susanna is able to leave  the hospital with a new understanding of life.  The story allows the reader  to feel as if they have gone throught the experience with Susanna.  It lets  the reader understand how many of the characters feel. It also lets the  reader grow with the characters and understand the changes they undergo.  The reader becomes part of the world Ms. Kaysen creates out of her eal life  experience.  I would recommend this book for a couple of reasons.  It is  non-fiction; while reading about the hectic life in the hospital one is  confronted by its basis in truth and the story becomes one that can be  related to ones own life. The story is full of life, changes, and  challenges making it an essential read for anyone who is captivated by the  human mind.
068815333X|5.0|Each time time Lehane writes a new book it is better than the ones that came before it -- and keep in mind his first book, A Drink Before The War was VERY GOOD. Prayers For Rain is a book that you won't be able to put  down once you start it. In typical Lehane fashion, the plot grabs your  attention from page one and never lets up; and the main characters, Patrick  and Angie, come across as so real you feel that you are one of their  friends (or at least would like to be one). And let's not forget Bubba --  and I don't mean Clinton. Bubba is definitely one of my favorite bad/good  guys in fiction, and is someone I'd want on my side if I was ever in major  trouble. In Prayers For Rain Lehane provides insights into Bubba's  character like never before. Don't miss this book!
0618002219|4.0|It all starts off with Bilbo Baggins a jolly, plump little hobbit who goes on a journey in a far away land.  He starts off with 12 dwarfs and one mysterious old wizard.  He meets dangerous animals and is almost attacked  and killed by wood elves.  The hobbit saves his friends many times from  horrible situations and in the end there is a large battle and a winner  emerges.  Bilbo, the main character, is an intelligent, but frightened  hobbit who turns out to be a hero in the end of the book.  I would  definitely recommend this book to someone who is interested in magical  journeys and far away places.  It had a funny beginning, interesting  characters and a happy ending.  The book overall was very good and is one  of my favorites.  The book makes you feel like you are right in the middle  of their journey with Bilbo.  On the other hand if you aren't in to fantasy  books and don't like adventures than this book isn't for you!
6305750750|4.0|You gonna love it if you are a Star Wars fan. Its somehow more cute than it should be, but still, it's fun and exciting.
0440180295|5.0|This book is a fantastic read. It is about a man who fights in world war II, thru one of the most dangerous bombings of the war. The fire bombing of Dresden. The book describes the life of Billy Pilgrim a youth who grows up  in a small town and becomes a Optometrist.  The book goes thou his entire  life going into detail on his time as a P.O.W. in WWII. Before the story  Kurt speaks very well on his anti war thoughts. My favorite character in  this book is Billy pilgrim,although Billy is very girl like and fragile he  toughs it out and survives some of the hardest periods of WWII. My favorite  part of this story is when Billy speaks about he was unstuck in time, it  gives him the ability to spontaneously travel to other times in his life.  He never remembers where he has just been. But he knows he has the ability  to travel thru time.  I would recomend this book to any one who enjoys  historical fiction or science fiction books.  If you have never read a book  by this author before, i suggest you do to adjust to his writing style.   Overall i thought this was a fantastic book and it deserves more  recognition.
B0000027KU|5.0|This is an essential work to all of them that want to understand what had passed by with the musical world at that good times!  And,of course ,a great work with magnificent bluesy vocal tone of Rod Stewart! I'm a  bluesfan,but i'll never forget the great fruits that blues produced, to the  rock'n roll scenery!  Essential,historical album!
0385493800|5.0|This was definately one of the best novels I have ever read.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to read an excellent book.  This was the first John Grisham book I have ever read and I am positive it will  not be my last.  I couldn't put this book down once I started reading it  because it was so wonderful!  This book is definately worth reading.  This  book is about a multi-billionaire who wants to end his life.  He leaves a  testament giving his eleven billion dollar estate to his illegitimate  daughter, Rachel Lane.  His lawyer sends a litigator, Nate, to go find her.   He finds her after many dangerous incidents.  She shows no interest in  signing the document.  Nate returned to Washington to find that he was  appointed as Rachel's lawyer.  It is now Nate's job to find Rachel and find  out what to do with the money.  This is an adventurous, suspenseful novel  which will definately attract you to Grisham's work.  This book not only  grabs your attention with its descriptions, it teaches you about Brazil and  much information on litigation.  This was an excellent book and I would  recommend it to anyone who simply wants to read a great book.
630529142X|2.0|This movie certaninly does not live up to the Sandler hype. I loved Wedding Singer... but to be honest... this movie just isn't funny. Yeah it has it's moments, and I really enjoyed Ron Sheinder as the &quot;you can do  it guy&quot;. But when it comes down to it... this movie is not worth your  money. Skip it.
0618002219|4.0|It all starts off with Bilbo Baggins a jolly, plump little hobbit who goes on a journey in a far away land.  He starts off with 12 dwarfs and one mysterious old wizard.  He meets dangerous animals and is almost attacked  and killed by wood elves.  The hobbit saves his friends many times from  horrible situations and in the end there is a large battle and a winner  emerges.  Bilbo, the main character, is an intelligent, but frightened  hobbit who turns out to be a hero in the end of the book.  I would  definitely recommend this book to someone who is interested in magical  journeys and far away places.  It had a funny beginning, interesting  characters and a happy ending.  The book overall was very good and is one  of my favorites.  The book makes you feel like you are right in the middle  of their journey with Bilbo.  On the other hand if you aren't in to fantasy  books and don't like adventures than this book isn't for you!
B00002EPJH|5.0|He plays with such articulation that somehow you not only hear the music, you see its microstructure as if you were looking at a detailed visual scene. I don't know exactly how he does this. I first noticed it on his  Hayden Suites album and it changed my attitude towards him, from  &quot;Ho-hum, another Jarrett&quot; to &quot;Wow!&quot;<br />At the same time  he plays with such fervor that the record becomes a deeply personal  statement.  There is subtle dynamic and rubato and even bursts of  inspiration reminiscent of the Koln concert. It's still him, not an  imposter.  Yet he maintains such solid contact with the material, you can  hear him channeling for Ellington.  <br />Overall the mood is contemplative.  There's no crash-bang stuff, no confusing meanders, no stressful flights  into the stratosphere.  You can just let the music carry you away or you  can hear the tunes, and the man, as you've never heard them before.
0440224764|5.0|Patrick Lanigan was a young lawyer who had recently become a partner in a propsperous law firm.  Feeling a sense of hopelessness in his life, he plotted for months on how he would disappear and start a new life in a  foreign country.  He learned about a scheme in which his law firm would  earn $90 million dollars for their client.  Patrick obtained a new identity  and stole the money.  He started a new life in Brazil with a beautiful  young woman, but was always looking over his shoulder.  Four years later,  he was found and tortured.  He was brought back to the US and treated at a  hospital while under arrest.  He took that time to create an impecable  defense for himself and eventually all charges were dropped and he went  back to Brazil with $30 million dollars to live happily ever after.  But he  didn't... I would strongly recommend this book to anyone looking for an  intriguing story that is a fast read.  I loved the character of Patrick  Lanigan, with his attention to detail and the remarkable tactics he used to  win his case.  I did not enjoy the ending, however, because it left you  with a sense of disappointment and wonder.  It was still an entertaining  book that I couldn't wait to finish.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This is a no-brainer: If you are an Enigma fan, you will love this cd
0590353403|5.0|In this fast reading, 300-pg. novel, you follow the life of a young boy, Harry, with all the best qualities. He lives in a closet, and is ignored. His horrible life changes when letters literally &quot;flood&quot; into his  life. He was excepted into Hogwart's school of wizardry. It is then that  the magical world, which lies behind ours, is explained. Harry also learns  that an evil wizard, Voldemort, killed his parents. He did make a best  friend, though. Soon he would make another. These three would stick  together in good and bad. However, while sneaking about, they find out  about a hidden source of supreme power: Nicholas Flammel's sorcerer's  stone. Eventually, Harry finds out Voldemort is trying to regain life with  it. Through wits, bravery, and smarts, the three friends save the stone and  keep Voldemort from turning the world evil.   The author developed the  school and characters to perfection. Suspense fills each and every chapter.  Finally, you don't have to wait until pg. 100 to find the hook, it is  tright there at pg. 1. I must say, for a kid who hates ALL books, I think I  found a success! I would recommend this book without a pause. This is  probably the best book I have ever read. Don't read it because it is  recommended, read it because you want to read the best book you have ever  read! Usually, I have to put a pleasure reading book down by Ch. 2, but  this book kept me hooked all the way along. I have never seen a plot  developed so perfectly, and characters I could relate so much too. If you  don't read this because you want a good book, at least read it so you can  know what you would have missed!
6305127646|4.0|I first saw this movie in the theater when i thought i was losing my mind. Maybe that is why i did pick up on the basic elements of the plot the first time round.  It isn't reality, but then again mniether is &quot;Under  Seige&quot; and this movie has the virtue of not piling up a high body  count. I think the only obvious death is the girl in the beginning, and no  blood spilled either. This ranks as a rewatchable movie, but the film  studio have obviousl caught on to its audience- video rental tapes feature  an ad about various movie heroes.  Anybody want to explain why this is an  action movie that appeals to women?
6305750750|4.0|I used this movie to explain to my 6yo son many political lessons.  Example:  Taxes are oppressive .  Centralized governments can lead to suppression of individual freedoms.  Bill Clinton actually played Darth  Sidius.
0451169514|5.0|Anyone ever heard of the band PENNYWISE?  Well guess where they got their name? From this book! This book is so awesome, it is unbelievable. It took me like a month to read, but man, is it weird. The TWEAKED scenerio makes  you feel as if you are a character! I highly suggest you read it!
B00000G3PA|4.0|But who goes to the movies to be educated or see reality.  Movies are supposed to be flights of fancy or merely entertaining at times.  I found my self laughing out loud at times even though the plot is very  predictable.<br />But great action, lotsa laughs and even some intense drama.   Well worth the price of admission.
6305750750|1.0|From the opening scene i realised that this film was absolutely nothing like the other star war films that have been made;which contained excitement power and sometimes even emotional scenes.After watching this  film i was disappointed to say the least as it had definately not lived up  to its high expectations.This is not a film i would recommend to others.
B00002DE0S|5.0|The PFO, under Zimerman's direction, truly expand the orchestral balance of these concertos.  Although Zimerman's piano is thunderous and commanding the instrument doesn't seem to dominate the piece like in other  interpretations.  This is a fresh, new approach to these works and the  recording is fantastic.
B00003W8NM|4.0|This movie was at times hard to sit through.  But not in the same sense like Waterboy but because it was supposed to be uneasy.  You know that feeling you get when you see two guys fighting, like your stomach is gonna  drop out.  Fighting is not a good thing and this film truly does not  glorify it.  Give it a chance.
0026009102|5.0|There have been many questions beaming around in my mind about the architectural profession, me being a student of the course. This book did not give me answers, but it did give me inspiration and hope, even if it  makes one indulge in impractical dreaming. Howard Roark is not a concept i  wasn't already familiar with because a fair number of other out there like  me, were and are now still battling with the concept of expressing  individuality and the yearning to be different in all aspects of so called  acceptable society.  The fountainhead isn't just about architecture, for  the plot lends itself to the characters with whom we (in our social  &quot;categories&quot;) should be able to identify with to some extent. The  downside, or perhaps Rand was attempting to make her characters more  intense, is the fact that Roark seems abit too extreme, but not to the  point of disbelief. After scrolling down the exhausting of reviews on this  page there is one review which i can vividly remember, and that is if you  were never seeking individuality in the first place, it was best to leave  this book alone. Nevertheless it is an interesting read and gives new  insight to those who are starting out in the architectural field (they will  probably find this more useful since the book uses alot of archi jargon)   There won't be much point trying to analyze the characters in the book here  for you, its a review after all and YOU should be making your own  interpretations about it. so go read
B00000K31Q|5.0|this is the BEST movie i have ever seen, has great acting skills, good plot, very well put togeather. and is out of EVERY movie i have seen is my favorite! i can watch it AGAIN and AGAIN! i know every word, and every  move. this is a movie you can watch again and again and NEVER get tiered of  it WHAT-SO-EVER! i HIGHLY recomened it!
6302914191|5.0|So good it defies explanation. Those who have seen and experienced this program as I have will agree.
B00000F0I0|5.0|Movie that was made for my generation, and the history of film making
078322608X|5.0|When I saw &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; in the theaters, I thought to myself, &quot;This is one of the greatest films of the past ten years.&quot; Despite working with a script written by others and under some stringent  studio restrictions, Terry Gilliam more than managed to infuse the story  with his trademark approach to movie-making.<br />I had some reservations  going in about the choice of Brad Pitt to play the role of a mentally  unbalanced eco-terroist, but Pitt did a marvelous job and really made the  character his own. (Viewers who like Pitt in &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; would  probably do well to check out his performance in &quot;Fight Club&quot;.  Tyler Durden is what Jeffery Goins could be if he were less manic.) Bruce  Willis and Madeline Stowe also turn in terrific performances, especially  Willis for whom this was one of his first non-action films. Fans of the old  &quot;Batman&quot; TV show will be amused to see Frank Gorshin (the  Riddler) as the chief psychiatrist at the mental institution were much of  the early part of the film takes place. Christopher Plummer is not given  much screen time, but he does an excellent job with what little he  has.<br />As for the story itself, even though many people try to claim that  it is about the line between sanity and madness(in the vein of Gilliam's  &quot;The Fisher King&quot;), I just do not see it as such. I never doubted  Cole's sanity, the future world was too real to make me think that it was a  figment of Cole's imagination. And if one did have that impression at  first, there was too much revealed early in the film to sustain that  belief. I prefer to view the story as an extremely intricate  &quot;whodunit&quot;, where the viewer actually receives most of the  information relevant to the conclusion by about half-way through the film,  but in such a jumbled and contradictory manner that the true outcome  remains obscure until the last 15 minutes. But of course, this being a  Gilliam picture, even after theconclusion is revealed, a final twist is  thrown to the viewer. (Note: to appreciate the twist, pay attention to the  future scientists. I've known some people who didn't watch closely and they  didn't understand the twist as a result.)<br />Setting aside the film, and  considering the DVD, Universal did an excellent job with this release. The  documentary &quot;The Hamster Factor&quot; offers some great insights into  both &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; and the movie industry in general. And the  commentary track with Gilliam and the producer is very good for  understanding the process of movie-making, as well as how specific scenes  were set up. My only disappointment came with the &quot;Production  Notes&quot; feature. If you watch the documentary and listen to the  commentary track, the production notes really just repeat what you've  previously learned.
B00000K19E|5.0|I'm a sci-fi fan myself, I've seen other movies like The Terminator, Armageddon, and even Deep Impact. They were good at their time but now its The Matrix's time to shine.    Special Effects are common in movies but in  this movie they make you go wow. One example of this would be when the  visual fight between Neo and one of the Agents. If you know what I mean  then you to know that it was cool as well.
B0000041A9|5.0|There is nothing much to add on positive comments of other reviewers on the marvelous interpretation by Richter and Rostropovich, the gorgeous sound of cello, emotional and perfectly balanced by the piano in the  sonates. This record  has been awarded three time as the year record in  France, Germany and Japan? But what to say on the variations especially the  one adapted from  Mozart's Zauberflote on the theme of Papageno? Listen the  7 variations (track 7 on the record-2) a melody so beautiful that you will  never forget it! Who knows Maurice Gendron? the timbre of his cello is  rich, deep, textural and the rythm perfect. This is the surprise added  already to the fantastic duo of artists mentioned before. This set is a  reference not only for the sonates but also a pleasure always renewed when  listening. Philips has made a good choice by completing the CD with  variations from Handel and Mozart. Gohead....buy it and dream about, it is  wonderful.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Well, February has seen the first announcements that Princess Mononoke will get a DVD release, and it is apparently more than a rumor, but I'm not holding my breath. As to the movie itself, I must admit I purchased a DVD  player just in anticipation of this film (I figured if Castle of Cagliostro  was getting a DVD release, so would Mononoke).  So as to the movie itself,  no amount of praise would really be adequit.  Somewhere in the back of my  brain is some idea I formed as a child as to exactly what a powerful and  moving film should be--but it is an idea that came to be discarded because  let's face it, Star Wars or Disney after puberty doesn't live up to the  magic it had at 5 years old.  Surprise, surprise, at age 27 I've seen  something that reminded me of what it was like to be 5 years old again.  Miyazaki has been able to do this consistantly not just because he is a  master storyteller (something so many american films could desperately use)  but because his films immerse you in a world that in a very short time you  fail to notice is a cartoon.  As advanced as Disney animation is, all it's  marvels seem bent on impressing, not on immersion, such that while  impressed we cannot help but remember (sometimes painfully) that we are  watching a cartoon.  Mononoke on the other hand will win the audience over  with the still beauty of its settings long before they've even grasped the  fantastic story line. I must also mention that Mononoke has a simply  amazing soundtrack that is free of upbeat musical numbers or pop songs.   With what to my ears sound like a few bows to Rimsky-Korsakov, Hisashi's  score to this film is as delicious as the film itself, standing well on its  own merit, but in conjunction with the film it is utterly unparalleled.  Very rarely does it seem that a film solidly hits on every count, and even  when it does happen, the force of the film in it's totality is often not so  great.  Mononoke however is not just a solid film but a very strongfilm as  well.  If there is a weak point here it is the english dub, and yet I for  one found the dub very enjoyable and convincing...yet in a film where  everything is perfect, this will no doubt be the point which will earn the  most criticism. Anyway, I've said enough.  If you havn't seen this, you  must.  Worth buying a DVD player for this movie alone if they'll just get  around to releasing it.
6305750750|3.0|I'm one of the &quot;old-school&quot; Star Wars fans that had the joy and magic to see the Original in the theater many more years ago then I care to remember. This film was the most hyped-up piece of work because it took my  generation back to a time when we were children and had nothing but our  imaginations driving us day after day. Then we get this film, and it  becomes clear why Lucas was &quot;afraid&quot; to write anything after the  end of &quot;Jedi&quot;. I never understood if a writer is so worried about  messing-up a successful series, why he wouldn't have the guts to give it to  someone who &quot;does&quot; have talent in filmmaking instead of us  waiting so long to see his weakness show. Now granted, ILM is the best in  the World and they proved their part once again with their work on this  film, but looks and Special Effects Magic is practically all one can give  to the film. Only a few Actors earned their money, one of which being Ewan  McGregor. But unfortunately I can't be modest on the young Anakin Skywalker  simply because he's a young actor... I think we've all seen actors of the  same age act circles around this one, including Elija Wood and Haley Joel  Osment from &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;. - Good young actors are out there  regaurdless of their &quot;cutness&quot; and an actor is only as good as  their director... you had the feeling while watching this film that Lucas  didn't make the young actor do as many takes as he should to get it right.   Then of course it goes without saying about Jar Jar Binks... The Character  really didn't look all that bad when we all saw him in the previews but  then we all heard his voice and it made our ears bleed. From the first two  minutes of his appearence, I was hoping he'd take a bullet. - If it hadn't  been for the Superb Fight sequence of Darth Maul, this character would've  single-handedly ruined the entire movie putting it right up there with all  the Sequals and Prequals that have been ignored dueto the idea that they  ruined a great series (Can anyone say &quot;Aliens 3&quot;?) ... I'd have  to say accept this film because the series is not yet over, but don't waste  your money on buying any special edition unless it comes on DVD. VHS  belongs on the shelf along with Beta and the 8-track tape.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I Loved(!) this movie. I saw it years ago when it first came out and I can still watch it over and over again. This may sound weird but I loved David Bowie's name in the movie so much that my husband and I are naming our son  Jerith. This is a wonderful movie for just about everyone. I would HIGHLY  recommend it to just about everyone. My husband is a very hard person to  please movie wise and he like it also.
B000001DYY|5.0|I was a great fan of TFF from the beginning but this 'solo' album from Roland has turned out to be one of my all time favourites.  I can still listen to the whole thing after 7 years!  The songs are all exceptional, I  particularly like his remarks about pretty man Curt Smith in Fish out of  Water and Goodbye song.  His lyrics are interesting, his vocals excellent  and- my three kids let me play the CD in the car without moaning.  (The  Smiths, The Cardigans and The Stereophonics are all banned). I wish he'd  make some more...
B00003W8NM|5.0|Every negative review I have seen of this film I have to ask myself what movie these people were watching.  Most critics seem to be completely numb to such things as subtlety, metaphor, sub-text, and content.  this film had  all of these in spades!  I thnk that a lot of people simply did not get the  meaning of this film.  It goes far deeper than the  &quot;fight-the-power&quot; plot line that one reviewer on Amazon  describes.  This film is worth a second, third, fourth, etc... ad infinitum  viewing.  Even paying close attention (I had some idea what to expect) I  probably missed stuff that will amaze me when I buy the video (which I will  do the day this thing comes out! ).  Ignore what the bad reviews say  because those people couldn't see past a couple fist-fights to see the  brutal beauty of what this film is.  This film (as well as the novel it is  based on) are like Hemingway on steroids, but with more intelligence.
6300268985|5.0|I loved this movie! Don't try to make sense of the &quot;plot&quot;; just sit back and let it assault you. Roger Daltrey has charisma to spare. Lisztomania makes Tommy look like Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood. It is bizarre,  funny, flamboyant, and a sheer joy to experience. Too bad there isn't a  letterboxed version available.
B00000JCOV|5.0|When I was thinking of buying this cd I was very hesitant, but once I heard &quot;Spit it out&quot; I was hooked.I listen to this cd every night. Even though there are two versions I perfer the one with &quot;Purity&quot;  and &quot;Frail Limb Nursury&quot;. If you dont have this cd Buy it now!
6305750750|3.0|As a little boy, I remember circling the tree in my front yard with all of the neighborhood kids and discussing the latest Star Wars film.  (I did this a few times- just years apart...) I beat myself senseless to get  tickets to opening night.  At the end of the movie, my 11 friends that I  had rallied around me, stood anxiously at the entrance to the theater.   They were waiting for my reaction and wouldn't make a peep until I'd given  them the go ahead.   &quot;I have waited 20 some-odd years for THAT.&quot;  Once the floodgate was opened, similar comments poured forth for hours.   This time, we went and shared the latest Star Wars entry over a beer and I  can honestly say that not one person in the group had a positive thing to  say. I enjoyed the movie visually but then again I enjoyed Independance Day  and Godzilla VISUALLY. Guess I can finally get rid of my original Star Wars  Toys...
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's third album, And Justice for All..., released in 1988 has  removed most of the Thrash, and in its place remained the massively technical, drum, guitar riff dominated atonal musical structure.  And  Justice For All is a display of a band at its peak, creatively, musically,  and otherwise.  James Hetfields guitar work is masterful, and without  error.  His vocals are the perfect balance between youthful energy, angst,  and mature deepness.  His lyrics, though never anything special.  He covers  a wider variety of topics from political corruption in the title track, to  destruction of the environment in Blackened. Especially moving, is the  surprisingly intimate  Dyers Eve, a bitter tirade to his parents, where he  openly addresses them screaming  &quot;Dear mother, Dear father, what is  this hell you have put me through.?&quot;. The ten minutes of instrumental  evolution in  To Live Is To Die, is stunning in its complexity, and  emotional quality. The song peaks not once, but twice!    Jason  Newsted, the new bassist replacing the deceased Cliff Burton, is hardly  audible, and like in many other metal acts, his bass plays an insignificant  role in the music.   Lars Ulrich drumming is technical, complex,  machine-like, and the backbone of every song and thrust the music forward.   Every bang of the drums is clear, sharp, and precise, and an integral part  of the &quot;metallic&quot; feel of the album.       Kirk Hammet again  plays only solos, but this time his solos are so blazing, dynamic and  tight, that they have an inhumane quality about them: they sound  computerized and metallic.  When he leads, his guitar takes total control  of the music and the listeners attention. One gets the felling that he can  take the music and the listener anywhere direction he wants.  The only  critique Justice For All is vulnerable to is that the sound is sterile and  the songs are  too long. Some people complain that the sound is too sterile  and machinelike; void of error, soul, and passion.  It is true the music is  logical and without mistakes, but that what is makes Metallica great, and  some people like me love that sound.  If you don't like that sound, don't  bother with And Justice, go listen to James Brown, or Green Day. All nine  songs are over five minutes long and the title track as well as To Live Is  To Die clock in at just under ten minutes.  Indeed, sometimes you become  impatient and irritated waiting for the song to develop, evolve, peak and  end, only to have an even longer song proceed. . The length  album is one  hour and five minutes, so people will have trouble listening  listen to the  whole album in one sitting.  When I think of metal, I think of And  Justice For All.  It is music for metal heads performed by metal heads.   This album is necessary for any comprehensive metal or even rock  collection.  From the exotic and poignant acoustic guitar intro to To Live  Is To Die, to the spellbinding solo of and Dyers Eve, this album is pure  brilliance and one of the most massive albums ever conceived an recorded.
B000002J1S|5.0|When this album was realesed in 1974, an authoritative italian magazine called it 'elefante bianco', white elephant, inside the number of albums released that year. This means a real gem in confront with the average  quality of the music of that period. Progressive rock was ending its era,  punk was beginning to impose, old rockers (rolling stones, van morrison,  who) weren't at the top of their creativity, Bruce Springsteen hadn't  released 'Born to Run' yet. In this scenario 'The Lamb...' exploded like a  unusual, modern, creative piece of music. Call it progressive, or simply  rock, this is one of the best albums of the last 30 years.  All from the  band were at the top, particularly Peter Gabriel, who wrote all the words.  Only one sad thought about this. It's the last Genesis album with the  strongest line-up. The progressive rock schemes were too rigid for the two  distinct sides of the group, Gabriel and Collins. The first moved to create  a personal and artistical succesful style, Collins imposed himself as a  money machine drifting to more easy-listening pop songs.  Genesis released  another dozen of albums after this one, but they never reached the same  level.
630575067X|3.0|If you are familiar with the first 3, this one lacks a compelling story, and fails to maintain any suspense. [We already know what will happen with most of the characters--we've already been told the ending in the 1st 3  films. None of the rest of the Star Wars series yet to be made will be able  to maintain much suspense either, for the same reason.]<br />Still, as an  exercise in Star Wars stuff, it is moderately entertaining, and the special  effects are really neat. Chaulk one up for ever improving computer  technology. However, the effects may lose something in the translation to  the smaller TV screen. The letterbox edition should be better than the  cropped version.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers For Algernon is a very powerful book about a retarded man named Charly, who has an experimental operation done on him to make him a genius.  I enjoyed this book for many reasons, one was the craft.  The book is  written in the form of Charly's journal, and as Charly gets smarter his  spelling, grammar, vocabulary, etc. become more advanced.  This allows the  reader to see how he gets smarter through other means than what the book  tells one.  I also liked the characters, Charly in particular.  I found it  very interesting how Charly described being able to remember complicated  things when before the operation he struggled to learn simple things.  I  also thought that all of the characters were very interesting and essential  to the story.  Flowers For Algernon is also one of the most original books  I have ever read.  Its craft, characters, and plot were all very original  and unlike any other book I've ever read.  Overall a must read; I strongly  advise you read Flowers For Algernon.
6303014100|5.0|As an Australian, but a keen follower of all things related to the Civil War, a most unfortunate war, I consider that this movie together with the three volumes of detailed writings by Shelby Foote, should be mandatory  study for all young people in the US. The movie was excellent in its story,  its detail and the quality of the acting staff.  The people whose names you  have known of for years all seem to come alive and really give meaning to  the characters that appeared in the &quot;Killer Angels&quot; from which  the film was made. I know that this period in American life has been  exploited over the years but never in a more educational way as Gettysburg.  I can thoroughly recommend it to everyone who wants to understand how this  battle became the turning point of the Civil War.
0395754100|5.0|Curious George is the best. He is a monkey. I like him. This one time a watched his show and he ran around and ate banannas. This book is cool. I like it when he runs and eats banannas and jumps on to that  one guys head.  And pulls his wig off, HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA. I like Curious  George. I like it when he runs around.
B000002J1O|5.0|This album is magical, it features the best prog. rock numbers of all time. Even though you won't find here a song as good as The Musical Box (found on Nurcery Cryme) or Supper's Ready (found on Foxtrot) but you will  find out that almost each tune on this album gets close to perfection.  Complex tunes like Firth of Fifth and Cinema Show gives the album a more  &quot;Symphonic&quot; touch than the older releases. The opener, Dancing  with the moonlit kight, is a superb tune that starts with a singing part by  Peter that words can't describe it's effect and then the song transforms  into some sort of an early 70's version of today's &quot;Power-Metal&quot;,  it also features an outstanding solo by Steve. But without a doubt the most  magical tune on this album is After The Ordeal, a short instrumental who  starts with one of the prettiest melody i've ever heard... very simple,  only piano and guitar but sooooooooooooooo pretty, the kind of music like  After The Ordeal can bring tears to any eyes.
B000009QPQ|4.0|I bought this Jayhawks album without ever hearing their music before. I had heard that the band had a country feel. But I would say it is only a slight hint of country folk rock...in a raw, garage band sort of sound with  edgy harmonies. The first play of the CD didn't do too much for me...but  from the second on, I am hooked. Tomorrow The Green Grass is a wonderful  album. Bad Time is the standout song for me. Blue and I'd Run Away are also  very good. Neil Young is a definate inspiration. If you like this, listen  to Uncle Tupelo. Good American music.
B000002JOF|5.0|I first heard the song &quot;Tell me there's a heaven&quot; and knew instantly that I had to have the CD. At that time, I had not ever heard of Chris Rea, and it was his voice alone, that first intrigued me to buy this  CD. Chris's  voice is chilling and the lyrics to this song and others have  such content and speak volumes... If you are looking for music that is  soft, soothing and also a little bit of rock &amp; roll, I highly recommend  this CD which is well worth the money.
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave Matthews Band is possibly the most original band of today, if not all time.  Think about it, where else do you here the incredible combination of acoustic guitar, violin, sax, bass, and drums?  If this is not original,  will someone please define it for me.  <br />This album does not contain one  bad song, nor does any other DMB CD.  The best song on here is &quot;Two  Step,&quot; a fast, upbeat song with a great violin pizzicatto solo, it  makes you wanna get up and dance.  There is also &quot;Lie In Our  Graves,&quot; &quot;Tripping Billies,&quot; &quot;Too Much,&quot;  &quot;#41,&quot; hell, I could go on forever.  I would reccomend this album  to anyone, as it will be liked by anyone who likes real music.  The people  who say this is not real music are most likely people who listen to rap and  industrial music, which is nothing but mere noise for the most part.  These  guys are some of the saviors of 90's music, do yourself a favor and buy  this record.  And if you can, try to catch them live in concert, it'll be  the greatest experience of your life.<br />LONG LIVE DMB!
B000002JOF|5.0|I first heard the song \\"Tell me there's a heaven\\" and knew instantly that I had to have the CD. At that time, I had not ever heard of Chris Rea, and it was his voice alone, that first intrigued me to buy this  CD. Chris's  voice is chilling and the lyrics to this song and others have  such content and speak volumes... If you are looking for music that is  soft, soothing and also a little bit of rock & roll, I highly recommend  this CD which is well worth the money.
0790741164|4.0|The movie JFK is in effect a who-done-it without telling you who-done-it. Oliver Stone gives us the story of New Orleans DA Jim Garrison in his quest to convict businessman Clay Shaw of conspriacy to assassinate President  John F. Kennedy in Dallas. However, Garrison's case against Shaw was never  strong. Truth be told, I myself am not a believer that Mr. Shaw had  anything to do with President Kennedy's death on November 22, 1963. With  that said, there are other factors in this motion picture which do offer  more than a few redeemable gems. Lee Oswald's very dubious movements in  Russia, New Orleans, and Mexico for one. The hostility of the CIA toward  the Kennedy White House, and the Agency's involement with the Mafia to  assassinate Cuba's Castro. The highly implausible saga of the Single Bullet  Theory. And the strange behavior of the Dr. Humes for burning the original  autopsy draft. Factors such as this, to name a few, have put a great strain  on the Warren Report's conclusion that Oswald did it- and did it alone.  Criticisms towards the Report have been around for years prior to the movie  JFK. Yet it was this movie that brought these critical factors to the  national stage and a new generation. History NEED NOT say JFK be the  definative word for the  killing of John Kennedy.  But the Warren Report  CAN'T make that claim either. The Government went into the investigation of  President Kennedy's death with a preconceived notion that Oswald was to be  blamed, and the presentation of evidence was to show that end-and that end  alone. The Comission was bullied by the Johnson White House to finish the  investigation before the 64 election. The &quot;autopsy&quot; the Comission  used to prove it's case was a shambles. The CIA's deception to the  Comission on assassination plots with the Mafia on Fidel Castro only adds  to the Warren Report's investigative impotence. True, Oliver Stone's movie  is a mixture of fact and fiction, that is clear. However, it does  illustrate key facts to the case which the Warren Comission failed-or  refused-to cover. That by itself makes this movie worthy of the four stars  I give it. But proceed with caution, dear reader: Be aware that this film,  like so many people's take on the death of John Kennedy, is a blend of  history and opinion. Watch the movie, but also watch your step...
B0000062GE|5.0|I am new to Stabbing Westward, but I have found that I can't stand not to listen to their CD every day after I bought it.  Just about every song has a memorable sound to it.  I recommend this CD to all industrial music fans.   If you are not a fan of idustrial rock, this CD just may get you started!
0194314227|5.0|Be careful: it's highly addictive!  I don't even remember when I began using this excellent dictionary. After using this dictionary you won't even think of consulting any other dictionary. It has been a big fellow to me  and never lets me down in my Proficiency level studies. I simply love it.
B000002L9M|5.0|Depeche Mode finish the immature stage of first three albums and pass through transitional stage of 'Some Great Reward', then complete their original musical style in this album. As their second 'Singles' album  starts with this album, &quot;Black Celebration' is the real beginning of  Depeche Mode as we know, symbolized by blackness and darkness. You can  listen to Martin's vocal in 4 songs-A Question of Lust, Sometimes, It  Doesn't Matter Two, World Full of Nothing- exceptionally in this  album.(Usually Martin sings only two song in one album) Also, you can see  Martin's best lyric of 'New Dress' with the chorus very witty and critical  at the same time. And I can say confidently 'Black Celebration' is one of  the best 3 albums of Depeche Mode ever, with 'Violator' and 'Songs of Faith  and Devotion'.
0618001905|3.0|I was a big fan of Hochschilds early book Stalin's Unquiet Ghosts.  It is in my opinion won of the best books written on Russian History.  So, I was excited to see he wrote a book on the Scramble for Africa and the actions  of Belgium in the Congo.  I have often heard people in my history classes,  who have come from black studies departments, compare Leopold II to Hitler  and Stalin.  I was always interested to know if that was an accurate  statement.  Hochschild supports that arguement and in the introduction and  the back of the book mentions the terrible atrocities committed by the  Belgiums in the Congo.  While, the book was well written, I don't think  Hochschild fully and adequately backed his statements and hypothesis.  Too  me, the book failed to prove Leopold II is in the same league as a Hitler  or Stalin.  Could he be? Was he? I don't know or still know even after  reading the book.  I found this book more informative about Henry Stanely  than about atrocities committed by Leopold.  The thesis still might be  true, but the book failed to prove it.
B000046PVN|5.0|It's incredible to be able to listen to the Superman soundtrack in it's entirety.  This has always been my favorite work of music by Williams.  A favorite track of mine, previously unreleased, is the track 'The Death of  Jonathon Kent', in which a young superman realizes that, for all his  fantastic powers, he is unable to restore his father to life.  A very  powerful, emotional cue and a very important scene in the development of  Superman's character.  I'm very glad that these many additional songs are  at last available on cd.  From start to finish, I truly love this score.
0783235607|5.0|First of all, I'd like to start off by saying that, while I do love classic movies, I don't cosider myself an expert on cinema. The fact is that Hitchcock is the father of modern day horror movies. Yes, he wouldn't  have made it in the ninties, but the entire horror movie genre owes  everything it has got to him. As for those people who think that they are  detectives by figuring out the killer is Norman Bates, well no sh**,  Sherlock!
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is pure example of the unfairness in life.  Upon opening the disc your eyes feast on an incredibly beautiful women.  Upon listening to the first two tracks you are swept up by her voice and you read and realize  she IS the pianist on this recording.  How can one person possess SO much!   It is proof that God has fun in creating--but is it fair to give so much  talent to one?  Maybe not but I am sure glad I found this recording.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of the best films I've seen in the last 15 years...  The surreal 'superficial violence' addiction that seems to capture the characters of the movie is simple and yet still shockingly powerful.  These  people need to actually be 'beaten' out of their semi-conscious state into  an amazingly visceral and electrical feeling of living.     Don't make the  mistake of thinking the director thinks this is the course of action for  everyone, no, just the walking dead driving along in their little metal  coffins (ripped off from Point Break [no, not a movie to guide your life  by].)      A MUST SEE movie.  Just remember, the movie is not about  fighting, it is about awakening and living your life in the here and now  instead of the 'someday.'
B000002MNL|4.0|I have loved morrisey's music, and his music with the smiths for quite a while.  This is a pretty excellent album.  As usual Morrisey likes to cover up his bleak words with melody-heavy compositions.  The First song, and the  last are my favorites.  Just a sweet, rainy day album.  Check it out.
068483605X|5.0|Watership Down is a great book.  It has a great plot and everything ties together.  I personally think that the use of language is interesting and the names of the characters go along with their personality and style.  I  enjoyed the stories within this story which made it feel as if I were  there.  It has a great ending (which I won't spoil!) and is great for any  age.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this cd is simply amazing.  who'd of thought that 9 guys from iowa could produce this? my favorite tracks are sic, eyeless. wait and bleed, surfacing, spit it out, and liberate. speaking of wait and bleed...what is  the deal with the clear vocals where there was yelling on the scream 3  soundtrack?  anyway this cd is great and you have to check out the video  which has surfacing and wait and bleed live w/ the video for spit it out.  it is killer.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|This is the one that I rate all others by...The audio quality is the best i've heard on any dts dvd.The seperation of all 5 channels is flawless ,I doubt if the audience heard this amazing show better than we are at  home.The video quality is incredible as well.My bose speakers come alive  with this concert.You wont be dissapointed.
B00000IFWE|5.0|It's a real pleasure to find a good rock CD that has more than 1 or 2 decent songs on it. Too many 90s rock bands cut CDs with 2 hits on it and call it a day. Tom Petty, along with maybe Aerosmith and a few others,  produce CDs that you can listen to all the way through. Counting on You,  Swingin', Billy the Kid, Free Girl Now, and others, give you your money's  worth. You won't have to wait for a 'best of' to cull the list -- get this  CD and get a good sampling of Tom Petty today. Still rocking, still  writing, still coming up with new sounds.
B000000W6F|5.0|Gish is by far the best Pumpkins cd to be released.  Despite the fact that it is their debut album from about 10 years ago and the production values are not the best, this is still the best music they have written.  One of  the most original sounding cd's when it came out it still holds it's own.   For those of you who like unique sounding indy-style rock (not garage band  mind you), compared to the more radio friendly Siamese Dream and the  abysmal Adore, do yourself a favor and pick this one up.
B000002UEB|5.0|I have several hundred cd's, including the most popular sellers of all time. This CD would rank in my top 5 of all-time favorites. I never get tired of listening to it and you need to listen to it all like a Pink Floyd  album. Fantastic musicianship, tight band. Tate's vocals are excellent.  Guitars compliment each other like no other duo. Rockenfields drumming  makes you drained just listening to his energy throughout the whole piece.  You need to get this CD!
0385483821|4.0|Grove's book presents an interesting paradox. For a company to excel, it must move quickly and confidently when it reaches what he calls a  &quot;strategic inflection point&quot;, or a sea-change in the way the  industry in question conducts business. The problem is, it is impossible to  predict exactly when these inflection points might appear or what their  nature might be. <br />The solution Grove provides in the title of this book  is no doubt framed on the walls of executives around the world. A great  company must be paranoid-- always suspicious that competitors are gaining  on them, constantly worried that they are missing something important,  never growing comfortable with the status quo. Only by making these  &quot;flaws&quot; a part of the company's culture can a firm be more  prepared for strategic inflection points and more able to quickly respond  to them. <br />This concept is an important one that any senior manager should  make part of his or her managerial philosophy. When things are going good--  especially when things are going good-- that is when you should spend the  most time wondering what might make your company obsolete overnight. These  days a company might find itself in a fight for survival with competitors  it never imagined as a threat, and the firm that is constantly reviewing  and revising the way it does business is far more likely to adapt and  survive than one that sits back and rests on its laurels.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This Cd rocks! I'm not usually not a big fan of this type of music (rock/rap mix) but Slipknot comes through with a raging sound that's not dumbed down or sugar-coated for the masses (unlike a band that rhymes with  torn). It's an amazing mix or hardcore/metal, hip-hop, and and industrial.  Slipknot has a sound that is catchy but not bubble-guumy and experimental  but not annoying. If you're looking for a band that puts a new spin on the  increasingly dull rock mainstream, you should buy this CD.
6304025831|5.0|Perhaps this film has received such negative criticsm because it has been read as a mob picture. Technically I suppose it is. But if you look a little deeper you will find at its heart an incredibly black and funny  comedy. In terms of pure cinema, it just doesn't get any better. Scorsese  along with his editors and photographers wanted to have some fun, and  brother does it show. Its the equivalent of watching an explosion or  fireworks. Its inconsistent and at times disfunctional to be sure, but you  won't care.This film is packed with so many great ideas, motifs, ans set  pieces that any glitches or minor infractions are quickly erased, or shall  i more appropriately say pulverised. People have accused Scorsese of  retreading much of his past work here, but I don't see it, at least not in  a more deeper sense. The closest thing it comes to is After Hours.It is a  truly ambitious effort, and in due time I imagine that more will recognize  this fact.
0783113161|3.0|Does anyone else smell AIRPORT 1975 when watching this movie?  I sure do.  &quot;Oh God there's no pilot!  I'm a flight attendant who has to fly the plane.&quot;  While a hole in the plane is replaced by a loose maniac (Ray  Liotta) running around trying to kill attendant Lauren Holly throughout the  movie, the movie does offer some good action.  Good special effects and a  somewhat good storyline kept me going.  Airplane disaster movie fans will  find it appeasing.
B000002BBY|4.0|Oasis' second album is maturer than Definitely Maybe, but let's keep one thing straight. It  still sounds more like hit collection and not like an album. Noel's songwriting is at its best and music is more pop oriented.  The first part of the album is filled with hits. Roll With it, Wonderwall,  Don't ... Anger; enough said. Some Might Say and Cast No Shadow are too  long for my taste, but I like the tune of the latter. Morning Glory is  reminiscence of their first album and Beatles' Tomorrow Never Knows (the  songs are not similar, mind you). The famous riff reminds me of John Lennon  singing &quot;of the beginning&quot; in the end of the song. There's not  really much to say except that this album offers some really great tunes.  That's all, but enough for me.
0312243022|1.0|I know little about Virginia Woolf and less about Michael Cunningham however, I do not feel that I needed to know about either to state that this was the most boring book I have ever read.  I felt that the characters  were undeveloped and uninteresting.  The plot lacks the 'spice' that makes  you want to rush home to read more.  It was interesting to see how the  characters lives were going to come toghether but the book was so slow  moving I ended up not caring as much.  The only thing positive that I can  say was that Cunningham writes well, I just wish he had written something  else.
B000002AS3|4.0|I didn't like Oasis, specially this album, due to the simplicity of their music. But then something changed and now I like them. It's just like sex; simple, repetitive, but great. This is the most obvious on their first  offering. It just seems that they keep their music simple and they are  proud of it and this is the way they get away with it, at least by my  reckoning. They are not trying to be smartarses, they just play rock and a  very good one on Definitely Maybe.<br />Let's begin with Live Forever. You say  it sounds more like pop song? Heh, listen to both solos, specially the  second one. Is this rock or not? Columbia? Just two riffs over and over,  but they make you feel alive. Supersonic, same story with addition of nice  pick scrapes in the beggining. Bring It On Down, er, yeah, the same. And  what is even better, all are great tunes. Noel is not exactly Steve Vai and  even he admits that he hates his lead guitar playing because all the licks  are the same. They are, but it really doesn't matter. Just listen to the  Slide Away intro.<br />This is an album for rock fans, but don't expect  anykind of revelation. It's just pure pleasure (remember, like sex). If you  are into pop alone, you'll probably like only Live Forever and Married With  Children. I could be wrong, but this is their most honest album and I  regard it as their best. &quot;I need to be myself, I can't be no one  else.&quot; Yeah, Liam, I hope you kept this in mind when working on your  new album.
B000046PVN|5.0|when i heard about this album,i was very excited.finally the whole complete score to john williams masterpiece superman.i'm a huge john williams fan and i gotta say i'm lucky enough to have not been waiting for  this for very long.i just found out about it about three weeks ago.but it  was a long three weeks and when feb.15th arrived the first thing i did for  that day was go straight to the store.but i couldn't find it anywhere.so i  went ahead and ordered it and so it looks like i'm going to be waiting some  more.i have the original warner bros. album and i was very disappointed  with it.there was so many things left out and some things that did make it  weren't the same as they were in the movie.so i'm very pleased that pieces  like star ship escapes and jonathon's death are there.and of course i'm  really looking forward to hearing the big scene where superman makes his  first apperance and saves lois.this cd i believe is definitely going to be  worth the money and i probably would have paid more if i had to.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have to say, when I heard this concert was played with a symphony, I was a little taken aback.  After all, if there is one classification of music that resides at the end of the musical spectrum opposite classical, it's  hard rock and metal.  But what comes through is a joyful live album that  distinguishes itself from the original recorded material.<br />If Metallica  had made this album a regular live album, it may very well have been worth  a listen, but not necessarily a purchase.  After all, it's the same songs  we hear them performing as on their regular studio accomplishments.  But  the symphony makes each song sound different from its original recorded  counterpart, and the two new songs are proof that Metallica still knows how  to rock, despite the presence of violins and flutes in the  background.<br />The symphony lives up to Metallica's dramatic, powerful  sound, and vica versa.  Quite the accomplishment, and quite assuredly a  unique and worthwhile live album.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Having followed jazz in all its' varieties for several decades I have to say, that this album ranks among the highest on my list. Every sellection is truly worth listening to over and over. Somehow, the orchestral  background used in this particular CD, brings out the beauty of Ms.Kralls  magic piano fingers and her velvet voice even more. I am looking forward to  hearing more of the wonderfull work from this superb artist.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The best reason I can think of to see this movie is just the fact that you've never seen anything else like it.  Considering most of what today's Hollywood puts out, that should be enough.  <br />More to the point,  &quot;Fight Club&quot; is simply brilliant.  Brilliant that is, for the  right audience.  It's not for the faint of heart, it's not for anyone  wanting mindless action, irrelevant banter, it's not for someone who wants  a simple story told in episodic fashion.  And yes, it's probably not for  the squeamish, either.  It's not supposed to be.<br />It's a complex narrative  focusing on the life of a nameless narrator (Edward Norton) as he copes  with his own feelings of emptiness, drudging through day to day life  without direction or satisfaction, filling holes in himself with  meaningless material wealth.  <br />The Fight Club, which he co-founds with  Tyler (Brad Pitt) serves as a place where he and other &quot;lost  souls&quot; find some spark to life, something beyond the prestige of  owning all the designer furniture from IKEA.    At the Fight Club, everyone  is equal, anyone can dominate.  As Norton says in voiceover during one of  the meetings, &quot;this kid, Ricky, a supply clerk, couldn't remember  whether you ordered pens with blue ink or black ink...but Ricky was a God  for ten minutes last week when he trounced an actuary twice his size.&quot;   <br />Many critics of the movie, I think, are missing the point.  They see it  as some kind of white male anger movie that condones going out to beat the  hell out of someone to feel alive.  That's not the point.  If you come away  from this film thinking that, you need to watch it again.  I think overall  this film is about the feeling that there must be more to life than  this...something everyone feels at one time or another.<br />The film moves so  fast, you need to see it twice to take it all in.  It bursts out of the  gate at the beginning and takes the attitude that if you can't keep up, too  bad.  For two and half hours, the tempo doesn't slow down much.  But this  isn't because of scene after scene of action...the story itself just moves  that fast.<br />If you haven't seen this movie, put aside all the sniping and  SEE IT.  Excellent acting, superb dialogue, incredible direction (David  Fincher is one of the up and coming BEST in the business), and, finally,  it's FUNNY.  That seems to be overlooked a lot but this movie could been  seen as a very dark comedy (in fact, Fincher himself regards it as  that.)<br />It may not be for everyone, but if you want a good, unique,  intelligent and bumpy ride, give it a look.
B000002J1C|4.0|Though not my personal favorite album done by the band, it is my favorite album with Steve Howe on guitar.  It is kind of a guilty pleasure of mine.  I not a big fan of Steve Howe's guitar in any of his works on any of his  albums (i find it a little thin) but there is something about this one that  caught my ear.  The song on this album that caught my attention the most  was Yours is no disgrace.  I love the chorus/ reframe whatever the most  about the first song, though i dont like the intro sequence with the flange  all the much, the one that goes E A E, A D A, A D A E, but i doubt anyone  who is reading this has any idea what im talking about so ill say that i  especially like the vocals, bass, and organ parts of the song.   &quot;Classic Rock&quot; junkies might want to check out I See All Good  People also, since it is still heavily played and easily recognizable, the  rest of the album is good.  Personally if you want better yes music, check  out 90125, Big Generator, and Talk.  They all have a different guitarist  and drummer (trevor rabin and alan white) but the music is more solidly  written and the guitar is much stronger.  but you still cant go wrong  buying this album
0380715430|5.0|I wish Bill Bryson was my teacher in high school.  He takes a tedious subject, language, and makes it fun.  This book is about everything you wondered about but didn't know who to ask about.  I've owned it for almost  ten years.  I've read and reread it at least a dozen times...usually before  lending it to a friend.  The Mother Tongue is the perfect addition to any  nightstand.
B00003ETJQ|1.0|I never got a chance to see Baraka in a theater. Then I got to see it on video. My friends and I in college must've put this on once a week for three months running until every credit card and telco ad started ripping  it off to sell us stuff. Then finally I hear a DVD is coming... I find it!  Sure is expensive, but it's BARAKA, one of the most visually stunning  movies of all time! Get it home... Oh man that soundfield is great. OH GOD.  WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY EYES? DID I FORGET TO PUT IN MY CONTACTS?  That's  what happens when you get this DVD. <br />As a proud owner of many Hong Kong  DVDs, I've been witness to the most grevious film to DVD transfers of all  time. I've seen ones that have made VCD look like a superior format. Then I  saw Baraka. The fact that the film was sourced on 65mm and exhibited as a  70mm print makes it all the more disturbing. This DVD should be pulled off  shelves, remastered, and released anamorphic pronto, or Ron Fricke should  blind himself like Oedipus knowing that this is the example of his work  that's available.
B000002LCU|5.0|RE-RELEASE NOW PLEASE... George is definitely under-rated in his ability to give direction for seekers of inner wisdoms. His journey of soul-searching has shown the way for many. Favourites 'Just for Today' ,   'Some Place Else' and.. 'Fish on the Sand'-  Hell I don't know....  Devils  Radio too.  All tracks are great.   His ability to touch my inner chord is  only surpassed by Deepak Chopra.  I love the connection that he, through  his Music and Lyrics- particularly on  'Cloud Nine', touches deep with in  my spirit. I WOULD LIKE ANOTHER COPY please?  debashton@hotmail.com   PS,  get well to George and great work Olivia 18.2.00
0375707972|4.0|Schlink has attempted to lead himself, his fellow German generation and all his readers towards some kind of understanding of his nations past, the Holocaust and essentially incomprehensible questions. How can one  generation love and judge its parents, whether as the offspring of Nazis or  non-German racists? I think the large number of negative responses to the  work expressed by the reviews above actually reveal the success of the  author rather than failure. Schlink has disturbed his &quot;readers&quot;  into thinking and responding.Like all provocative writing this work  contains layers of perception and interpretation that depend upon the  imaginative perseverance and open mindedness of the reader.Schlink asks  paradoxical seemingly senseless yet nontheless real questions. Can we love  what or who we hate  ?,can we forgive what or who we hate?
B00000IMYA|5.0|In the 1950s an aging Duke Ellington was floundering in the shifting currents of popular music.  The emergence of bebop, cool jazz, and rock-and-roll made Ellington's big band stylings seem dated.  Younger  musicians scorned him; critics panned him; and audiences ignored him.  But  the 1956 Newport Jazz Festival gave Ellington his shot at redemption, and  he took full advantage of the opportunity.  With the world of jazz gathered  at his feet, Ellington delivered a masterful performance that awed critics  and musicians alike, and sent the audience of 7000 into a riotous frenzy.   By skillfully blending rejuvenated versions of old standards (Black and Tan  Fantasy, Take the A Train, Sophisticated Lady) with breathtaking new  material (Newport Jazz Festival Suite), Ellington both reestablished his  jazz credentials and proved his continuing vitality.  And then he unleashed  Diminuendo in Blue/Crescendo in Blue.  For 14 transcendent minutes,  Ellington rode the wild musical currents that had been threatening to drown  him, and channeled them into a raging torrent that swept away the  criticism, scorn, and indifference that he had endured for most of the  1950s.  The band rocked wildly and swung subtly.  They screeched loudly and  moaned softly.  They snarled obscenely and purred lovingly.  And holding  all of this together was a stunning, six minute sax solo by Paul Gonsalves  that literally blew apart the phony barriers between jazz, blues, and  rock-and-roll.<br />Columbia quickly released &quot;Ellington at Newport&quot;  to capitalize on the Duke's success.  But much of this supposedly live  album was actually recorded in a studio two days after the Newport  performance, complete with canned applause and spoken song introductions  for the nonexistent audience.  Some of the actual Newport performance made  it onto &quot;Ellington at Newport,&quot; but it too was dressed up with  phony studio overdubs.<br />&quot;Ellington at Newport 1956 (Complete)&quot;  gives jazzfans a chance to finally hear the Newport performance in its  entirety, and without studio fakery.  Columbia has married its original  recording of the event to another recording made by Voice of America to  produce a vibrant stereo mix that reveals previously hidden layers of  nuance and detail.  It's a technical marvel that provides a deeper look  into the soul of America's greatest composer at his moment of deepest  desperation and supreme triumph.  No Ellington fan should be without this.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix, in my opinion,is maybe the best action/sci-fi movie ever.The plot was very good,great background music,excellent acting,(especially by Fishburne and Reeves),and awesome guns and action.I suggest you rent it  first,but if you like it,buy it!
0385493800|3.0|Surrounded by cynical, self-absorbed, and shallow people, the main lawyer chooses a path which leads him away from that existence to a more meaningful one. If asked the question, &quot;What are the most important  things you do?&quot;, the lawyer would originally have answered something  like,&quot;Sue people, party, get laid, and get the best time I can out of  this miserable existence.&quot; At the end of the book he is at peace and  has a reason for living. Since I went through that same process in my life  I found this aspect of the book interesting.
0393317552|5.0|The book is a very enjoyable read, go'n git it. The 5 stars are for the read, downside is zillions of assertions with nary a blink or a reference.  Still, general thesis is tenable -- larger forces and pressures have deep  and lasting consequences.<br />As for the reviews who think poor == dumb.  Git  over it dudes!  We've only had about 2000 generations since we took that  hike out of Africa -- enough to make some difference but not a lot.  That  is, inter racial differences in intelligence are &gt;&gt; than intra racial  differences.  Thus, even if the mean intelligence of some hapless race is  below snuff, the variance would give that race plenty of smart schnooks to  carry the ball of civilization forward given that the average sot doesn't  exactly need a lot upstairs for their daily work even in modern societies.<br />Besides, if anything, the mean intelligence of , say, the Chinese is  above that of whites.  So their society must be more advanced than say  Europe's?  Well, they were more advanced...but now they're not...I guess  intelligence must change with time.  Or since Islamic societies were once  the most advanced than that of Europe, I guess they all got real dumb later  on.  Seems like the intelligence of reviewer &quot;one4time&quot; got cut  on Occum's (not &quot;Ockham&quot;'s) razor.  Since societies seem to  fluctuate in advancement with time and place, I'd say by Occum's razor that  intelligence doesn't have as much explanatory power as Guns, Germs and  Steel. 'Nuff said.
0790729628|5.0|I really like how Blade Runner has an old fifties detective sense about it but is still set in the future.  You notice this with the over voice provided by Deckard, but at the same time the removal of the over voice  gives the movie more to think about.  The unicorn vision was kind of  creative because we all have our little random thoughts that come from the  back of our mind, but it was a little corny. Even though it's not as  appealing as a unicorn it would have made more sense for it to be a sheep  since the story was based on &quot;DO Androds Dream of Electric Sheep&quot;  where Deckard owns an artificial sheep.  But even though there are these  slight changes from the original, it is still a brilliant masterpiece.
6303421563|5.0|I loved this movie. I usually hate all of the action, fast-paced movies because it's easy to miss something if you blink for one second, but this movie is focused and keeps you throughout. I wouldn't normally allow this,  but I had my 9-year-old daughter watch it to see the compassion and good in  people whom most would percieve as evil. Reno is fabulous, Portman is  mature and perfect for the role, Oldman is a little on the hyper side, and  Badalucco is at his best.
B000003TA4|4.0|Okay, i can see why some people love Nirvana, and why some people are glad that Cobain is dead. But overall, i say i like this album. In fact, the one song that everyone seems to hate, &quot;Stay Away&quot; is my personal  favorite. The songwriting could be better, true, but the few lyrics that  are sung are very good. The music is something every 14 year old kid could  learn, but still, there is a powerful feeling behind it. You could  absolutley love this album or absolutely want the dog to eat it. I like it,  and i am glad that i spent my money on it.
6305718954|5.0|This movie is breathtaking. The photography is outstanding. The music hypnotize. The specials FX's are stunning. There is some romanticism merge with a realism in the principal characters that makes you get in love with  them. The acting are laudable. I find it irresistible to see it again. The  story and point of this movie drives everyone to rethink and rebuild those  things about personal faith and makes you review your believes about the  church institution and its politics. This movie deserves all the awards. Is  a remarkable masterpiece that has manifested an unprecedented work all  around. Magnanimous!
B00003CXAY|5.0|Those who have viewed koyaanisqatsi several times know what a beauty of a film it is. The cinematography coupled with the sometimes haunting and sometimes rapid music of Phillip Glass gives the viewer an almost hypnotic  experience. Time lapse fast and time lapse slow are blended together as  they tell the visual story of nature and man, life out of balance. The film  climaxs with &quot;The Grid&quot;, a high speed acceleration of people,  autos, an unbelievably well written and performed music score, and a road  scene that would rival Steve Mcqueen's chase scene in &quot;Bulitt&quot;.   The mood changes throughout the movie and the experience is spellbinding. I  hope this movie will be released on DVD soon.   John Mark
6303983812|5.0|I love this movie, and so do my children.  I found out throught he Disney webpage that it is being rereleased on VHS and DVD in April of 2000.  Just thought you would like to know
B00003W8NM|5.0|I realize that this issue has been discussed to death already but it's important to understand something. Civilization is not a natural state for humans. There are those in society who have adapted to appreciate the new  environment and deal with it. <br />There are far more of us who walk around  day-to-day feeling something missing, feeling like it just isn't right.  Fight Club is about that feeling. It's not necessary for everyone to like  this movie. I know many people who don't, and while I feel they miss the  point, it's a perfectly reasonable response. The movie is violent--it uses  the strongest poetic imagery because it is covering an important topic.  This movie strikes a cord for some people, not in a bloodthirsy way, but as  a sort of utopian snapshot. For someone trying to decide to see this movie,  if you think I'm crazy and that there's nothing 'wrong'. That you don't  feel like the whole system is out of place--avoid the movie. It's not for  you. It's for those of us who felt Predator was more than another Arnold  film. It's for those of us who watched Instinct and enjoyed the first part  of the movie, but not the second.<br />Oh and it's not fascist...the neo-nazi  overtones are coincidental to the arrangement of the plot.
B00002MZ12|5.0|At first I heard Alanis' music only on the radio, and although I found some of her songs quite interesting, they didn't really appeal to me, since they simply were too loud for me. Then `That I would be good' was released  on single over here (The Netherlands). Boy, this is a song that captured me  at once, and a few weeks later I sat in my listening room enjoying what I  call one of the best purchases of the last twelve months! MTV Unplugged is  full of beautiful subdued songs, performed by an artist who does them with  ease. I doubt she needs any good reviews to have her albums sold, but after  I read the above review of Jaan Uhelszki (Amazon.com), I immediately  thought: what has he been listening to? A shrill, thin delivery? My God,  how can you be that far off! I found all the songs on this album very warm  and smooth, with care of detail and creating the right environment. Subdued  I call her singing, leaving room for percussion and strings. Very nice warm  bass as well on there, and the cello's and violins on `Uninvited' could go  on for ever, If you ask me. I even found `You oughta know' very nicely done  - one reviewer missed the anger that originally made the song, and although  he or she is probably right, it sounds as if Alanis god rid of the anger  and was left with resignation: something that gives a neutral rendering. In  a nutshell: beautiful singing, done with unbelievable ease (I also saw the  video), surrounded by serene guitar play, soft drums and warm, full bass.  Highly recommended.
B00002E233|5.0|When a first saw the trailer i was sure the movie would be gore and scariest since the sharks are in fact one of the things i fear the most. Tomas jane is very good doing is part,Samuel l jackson suport very well the  movie.I really like this movie.the special effects are amanzing to,but when  LL J Cool will die in a movie of horror.I like the actor but every time he  survive.
B0000025DR|3.0|Buy this one for Nightrider, an irresistibly quirky and intelligent tune which wouldn't be out of place on an early 10 CC album. There are some good tracks on Face the Music but it lacks the overall consistency to make it a  classic.
0767817710|5.0|Great movie,the quick and the dead is to me a real homage to the clasics spaghetti westerns of Sergio Leone and Clint Eastwood,so if you like this movie you have to like a Fistful of Dollars,For a few dollars more and the  good the bad and the ugly. Sharon Stone performance is very good,Gene  Hackman what can i say about him? a real fine actor. Russell Crowe a new  actor who was given in my opinion the best scenes in the movie. And to be  honest i never imagine Di Caprio in a western but is performance fit very  well. This movie is very good from a certain point of you.if you are  looking for a drama ,intence story don t wacht this one ,but in the  contrarie if you want action without limits you have te see it. So thank  you Sam Riami to give us a new spaghetty western like the old ones.
B000002GD9|4.0|Hardly a duff track on this record, which makes a welcome change from the band's other works. I used to listen to Supertramp at college many many years ago and this is about the only album which has stood the test of  time. The title track is a superb song
B00000J7I3|5.0|Too Fast For Love is my favorite Crue album after Shout at the Devil. On their debut, they sound more like an LA glam version of the Ramones than the new Van Halen. There is no filler on this CD. Just pure raw energy:  punk attitude grafted onto a metallic lust for life.<br />The big question is  whether you should rebuy the CD for the 4 bonus tracks. Depends. If your'e  a rabid Crue historian or really like the band's early sound, then yes. If  you are more into the raucous party anthems of later albums like Girls  &amp; Feelgood then you can probably live without this. Toast of the Town  and Stick to Your Guns were (I think) the 2 sides on the 1st single ever  released by the band. They already had the attitude down pat but grew a lot  as musicians by the time their album came out. Tonight is an OK cover of a  Rasberries song but nothing like their incredible remake of Helter Skelter.  Their is also an original version of the title track with a slow ballad  intro.<br />Too Fast For Love is a must have for any glam/ metal fan. The  Crucial Crue version is for those who love the band's early days or just  got to have everything Crue.
B0000025DT|2.0|If it weren't for the magical Telephone Line, you could happily forget this insipid pap had ever been recorded. Very little of this record sticks in the mind for more than two minutes.
B000003CMB|5.0|Probably the best live ablum ever. The first three songs are blues numbers.  The rest are very long jams with heavy emphasis on the guitar duets.  They are backed by an impressive rhythm section featuring two  drummers.  Even Greg Allman's organ solos are fairly impressive.  Although  this is considered the origins of Southern boogie, it is more of blues with  a Southern flavor.  Fans of the softer hits, Ramblin Man and Jessica, might  not appreciate this.<br />If you considering picking this up, you might want  to look at the &quot;Fillmore Concerts&quot; instead.  It has everything  here plus another whole CD worth of music.  There are some slight  differences between these two albums and some purists might argue that  &quot;Fillmore East&quot; is the one to get since it is the original.  The  Purists should realize that there is really no original since  &quot;Fillmore East&quot; was edited and patched together from several  nights.  But then again, most of the &quot;new&quot; stuff on the  &quot;Fillmore Concerts&quot; can be found elsewhere.  So, if you want a  bargain go with this CD, if you want to spring for a 2 CD set that more  closely matches one of the shows, then pickup the &quot;Fillmore  Concerts&quot;.  It is kind of refreshing to hear a complete Mountain Jam  after Whippin' Post, instead of the first 3 seconds.
B000002GEV|1.0|Portentious, overblown, slow, pretentious and deathly dull. I must be missing something, because I can't see any merits to this dinosaur of an album
6302642256|5.0|I used to watch The Flight of the Navigator all the time, it's a great movie for people of all ages.  I am truely hoping it will be re-released so I can get a copy.
B000002GEY|3.0|Logical Song is great, Take the Long Way Home isn't bad, but the rest of the songs are pleasant yet unremarkable
0880381736|4.0|This is my second time through this novel, the first being about 12 years ago. Reading the book again was like coming back to an old friend. I don't know what makes one fantasy novel successful while others aren't, but this  one has great characters and a great background. I've read about ten of the  Dragonlance titles, and I was surprised at how well this one foretells what  will happen in the rest. Since it was the first, I expected to find a few  more inconsistencies or things the authors didn't quite think through until  later. That is not the case. Anyway, this is a very entertaining novel.  There is comedy, adventure and romance, all of the necessary ingredients  for a great fantasy romp.
1577311523|5.0|The best book I've ever read on how to live in the &quot;now&quot; and what that really means.  The book quite simply, transformed my life in a minute.  The author writes in a clear concise way and everything he says  makes perfect sense.  Reading this book is like turning on a lightbulb over  your head and realizing the lights mostly been switched off.  There's no  other word for it except amazing.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is Kevin Smith's Best work to date,  the whole cast was awesome, Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes &amp; Kevin Smith),  especially, they have great comedic chemistry and timing, and the song &quot;Still&quot; by  Alanis Morissette is  her best song, I cannot wait for Clerks 2!  Keep up  the good work Kevin!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has everything and action movie fan could want.  Lots of guns, special effects, explosions, lots of fighting, good acting, and dare I say a good plot.  It puts an interesting prospective on our world and it puts a  new demension to action movies.  It's just cool how they can run up walls,  and dodge bullets.<br />If you like action with a good plot, then get this  movie!
B000001DYY|5.0|Curt Smith is gone-But Roland Orzabal will keep on running against the wind as his creative force continues to improve .Tears for Fears has Bridged the Brit pop Void That separate artists like Sade,Paul young From  others like Simple minds,Duran Duran new order-thus creating an almost  unique sythesis of fancy and form ,Combining Sublime pop Orquestration With  Genuine insigt,Since Curt called quits after 1991 Seeds of love  tour,Orzabal is left to fend off existential angst of his own,which he does  with amazing grace and integrity on tracks like  &quot;Cold&quot;,&quot;power&quot; and &quot;break it down again&quot; are  replet with melodic free falls,armonized and overlapped vocals,Layered  keyboards and guitar shudders.Shamelesly lifting from The Beatles and Beach  Boys,Orzabal mold his borrowings to fit the mood-Finnally streching  reverence to the extreme with the sad but smile-inspired embrace of  &quot;Brian Wilson Said&quot;-(whe're not talking about the bare naked  ladies here)-Yet Orzabal does't seem to be that thrilled with his musical  brother Smith-allutions to the post split abound,with &quot;Fish out of  water&quot; echoing spiteful feelings as John Lennon's anti McCartneyrant  &quot;With all your cigarretes and fancy cars/you ain't a clue who or what  you are,&quot;-The Mellow Gracious &quot;Good Night Song&quot; seems a more  reflective account of anguish with Orzabal expresing abandonment and  confusion,cushioning the tonal feel with sobbing synth riffs.Sad feelings  aside,Elemental Flashes the same sort of sheen ,wordplay and sound wash  that flourised in the '80s and still fights for it's place on today's  modern rock charts. Orzabal couldn't have placed Elemental at a better time  as well his new soon to arrive album &quot;Ticket to the World&quot;,this  will probably top the charts as we hope some day Roland will bring his son  Raoul to follow his  musical steps and to prove that everything old is new  again.
B000002MJC|4.0|Yes this album isnt VIOLATOR but still it manage to be very good. And yes, this is a quite heavy stuff here but still its good. Here we have pearls like I Feel You, Walking in My Shoes, Condemnation, In Your  Room and Higher Love.
B000005H7D|5.0|This CD is amazing. I love to listen to it; it has some of my favorite solos of all time. Most people tend to applaud Coltrane's playing on this album, since he was the leader, but I personally am much more impressed  with Lee Morgan's. The young trumpet player really shows his talent here. I  especially love his break on Locomotion. If you buy this version and not  the regular Blue Train, make sure you put it in your computer; there's a  lot of great stuff, from clips of people talking about Coltrane to a video  of Coltrane and Miles playing So What. I strongly reccommend this CD to any  jazz fan; if you don't have it then your collection is really suffering.
079073639X|2.0|While much of the movie was technically proficient in many ways, the problem was that no one really cared.  The actors seemed intent on hamming up as much as they could, especially in the sequences where they were  required to 'blue screen' it.  Hoffman pointing at what appears to be a 30  foot pulsating ball and says &quot;look!&quot; as if the other people can't  see.  (of course they can't as it's just a blue screen, but we, the  audience shouldn't have to figure this out.   Essentially ALL and I do mean  ALL of the plot points and twists are covered with the trailer.  If you've  seen the trailer then basically that's the entire movie.  The only  exception being the end, where the cast, muchlike the audience wishes that  they forget all that's happened and lose their memories.  No such luck for  those who have seen this movie though.
B00000ILDF|1.0|Horrible is the word I would use to summarize this film in one word. This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. The only reason anyone would see this movie is to keep up with the series. However, you are not  missing anything by not watching it. The film is way too dark and, not to  mention, it is not entertaining at all. Director David Fincher's style does  not fit the Alien series at all.
6300216802|1.0|I mean it, I give this film a zero. It's dull, it's silly, it's meaningles, it's long and it's boring. The biggest film of 1979? Better off watching Time After Time. The film goes nowhere fast and ends with some of  TOS dialog, but it's to little to late. I don't care what people say about  the Final Frontier, this movie is worse. For non-Trek fans, skip this one  and start with The Wrath of Khan, the greatest Trek film ever.
B0000073NC|5.0|I originally bought this album on vinyl over twenty years ago and it remains one of my favorite albums of all time. The co-writing of Ulrich Roth and Michael Schenker on the title track in conjunction with the  incredible musicianship of this group on the entire album shows the real  reason why the Scorpions became one of the biggest rock bands in history.  Finely textured feedback solos on pieces like &quot;Drifting Sun&quot; and  the title track as well as expressive drumming and incredible lyrics make  this a true album for artists.
6300214400|3.0|Alone, I believe that this film could not stand as a good one. Hanging in between 2 and 4, this one is much stronger. Put the three together, this trilogy can hang with others, including Star Wars. Non-Trek fans probably  wouldn't be interested, esp if they haven't seen TWOK. Trek fans might mark  it as a member of the odd number curse, which is a little un-fair, since  this film delivers the bridge story between 2 and 4. I think that it also  has the best Star Trek film moment ever: Kirk steals the  Enterprise...Great. Those expecting another Wrath of Khan will be  disapointed. Those expecting another Motion Picture will be delighted. An  average film.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is so good.  It shows the true talent of the band.  It does this through songs that are hard and soft, and it is a huge variety of music for the band, they have acoustics and electrical.  These gusy are the greatest,  and they have a lot of real talent.  It is nice to have a band that  actually writes their own stuff.  So this is truely the best album ever for  these guys.
0399230033|5.0|This book has been a popular gift to children from 17 months old and up.  I gave it to a 2-year-old who was recently adopted from Eastern Europe, and she asks each visitor to her home read it to her.  She didn't need to know  a lot of English to enjoy the story.  The illustrations even keep adults  amused and lend to embellishing with your own words.  Young children  gleefully anticipate the zookeeper's wife's discovery of the animals in the  bedroom.  This book is a must for every child that you cherish in your  life.
0060920084|5.0|I've always enjoyed a good travelogue book or two, as well as social satire &amp; commentary(aka Tom Wolfe's &quot;Bonfire of the Vanities&quot;, or Nelson DeMille's &quot;The Gold Coast&quot; ..for  example) - so it was a complete surprise when I picked up author Bill  Bryson's book &quot; The Lost Continent&quot; which hilariously combines  the above two genres. This book had me laughing every where I went with it  - on the subway, buses, waiting lines (much to the raised eyebrow glances  of onlookers) - and I find myself returning to it every now &amp; then for  the razor-sharp wit, the hilarious observations, and Bryson's sharp eye for  the absurdities in the commonplace.. This book is so enjoyable that it has  become dog-earred from being passed to family members, (my 14yr old son  enjoyed it during a long bus trip), friends and associates. It was my  pleasure to hear Bill speak and meet this very charming and quiet-spoken  man in person during one of his book-signing tours here in Montreal (and  no, he is not as wickedly sarcastic in person as he appears in his books!)  A real gem of a book!<br />Kim C.
0893860220|5.0|The only book you ever need to read if you're interested in spiritualit
0440234743|5.0|The Testament was my first Grisham book that I have read.  I was pleasantly surprised.  My only criticism about the book was that the greedy relatives got too much!  They deserved nothing.  Reading about the greedy  children was the most entertaining part.  It was also nice to see the hero  have some standard human flaws - so unlike heros in most books.  Would  definitely recommend!
6300216403|4.0|I was 12 when I first saw it at the movies in a little town in Georgia, and the sight of Tatum in a tank top sulking and pouting and smoking naturally stole my heart. But it's her dad who steals the show here. He  nails every scene just right, especially once he takes up with Miss Trixie.  (&quot;We're just givin her a ride, that's all. She has a high school  diploma!&quot;) Apart from sassy badinage between the ONeals and Kahn,  however, most of the dialogue is stilted and the movie sputters along just  like Mose's old Model T.  It's a slow-moving film by today's standards, and  not afraid to let silence to the talking from time to time. Why do I love  it? Prolly because it feels right for its time and place. It's like a  tumbleweed blowing across the road, in a small Midwestern town.
0393317552|5.0|It's been a long time since I've read a history with such explanatory power and such well-written prose. Diamond undertakes to survey all of human history from the last ice age on down, and chart the rise of  civilizations--and specifically, to explain why cities and complex  societies arose in some areas more quickly than others, and why in still  other areas they never arose at all. His thesis is that ultimately a  combination of environmental factors in particular areas nudged the  inhabitants of those areas in the direction of intensive food production,  which led to increased populations, complex societies, better technology,  and in the end the displacement and even eradication of peoples and  societies who were less fortunate.<br />Diamond does not restrict his focus to  a particular region, civilization, or people. Rather, his text is replete  with examples and case studies from around the world. We learn why horses  were domesticated but zebras were not; we learn why agriculture arose first  in southwest Asia, only later in Mexico and the Andes, and not at all in  ancient Australia and California even though the latter two areas contain  regions which seem perfectly suitable for it. Best of all, though Diamond  is greatly interested in explaining the causes of the European expansion in  recent centuries, he time and again illustrates his thesis with examples  from -other- encounters between peoples of different environmental and  technological backgrounds. The breadth of his examples, and the common  sense appeal of his arguments, lends great credibility to his thesis.<br />My  own degree is in history, and I have worked professionally as a designer of  computer games intended to tell the story of human history. So I've read  quite a few books on this sort of subject and this is by far the best  written and has one of the most interesting (and useful) theses. I  recommend the book without hesitation for both casual and serious students  of history.
B000002UWF|5.0|Hip, jiving,fun,sexy; Beauty and the Beast! Soft and rough, and a band that can't be touched. New Orleans jazz with an Italiano flavor spiced with a beat that can't be beat! Louis is a fun-loving hep cat with a lip of gold  on his trumpet and a raw, down-to-earth voice delivery that says: &quot;I'm  going to sing this from my soul, and so be it! Keely...soft,musical, sexy,  and great! Too soft? Too Rough? No! Just right! Oil and water does mix. Sam  Butera? A swinging cat, a perfect match. Buy this music NOW!  You won't  regret!
0812589041|5.0|This book is so great! I can't wait to read the next books. If you are deciding on to get this book or not, DO! I loved this book. This is my first Orson Scott Card book that i have read.....don't ask me why.
B00000JGHM|4.0|I was against getting just another system to add to our tower of electronics but after hearing the sound quality of this movie I was sold. This picture along with many other DeNiro/Pacino films is a must have for  anyone who owns this wonderful machine.
B0000025DR|4.0|The face of radio was changing and by the end of 1975 &quot;FM&quot; as a format effectively ceased to exist.  Many bands at this time began changing their styles, leaving the &quot;excesses&quot; of Progressive Rock behind  them in a bid to become more &quot;commercial&quot;.  On ELO's FACE THE  MUSIC, the glorious sounds and arrangements of ELDORADO were maintained,  but the songwriting was clearly aiming more for Top-40 AM than anything  Jeff Lynne had done since 1968.  &quot;Fire On High&quot; is a spectacular  album opener, combining orchestral sweeps with rocking guitar.  With that  out of the way, the rest relatively &quot;normal&quot;, if only in  comparison.  &quot;Evil Woman&quot; is actually the one ELO song I came to  HATE from too much radio exposure, but I think it works much better as part  of the whole album.  &quot;Nightrider&quot;, &quot;Poker&quot;,  &quot;Strange Magic&quot;, &quot;Down Home Town&quot; and &quot;One Summer  Dream&quot; --this entire album has grown on me SO much over the years!   And yet, for me, the best was still to come...
630468150X|5.0|This is by far the best movie to roll off the assembly lines in a very long time! Cage at his finest, better than &quot; The Rock &quot; and &quot; Face Off &quot;.John Malkovich, Vingh Rhames, Steve Buscemi, John  Cusack, How could you find a better cast of characters? The best part?  Garland Greene--- Define Irony?  Let's not forget the lovely Miss Potter  playing Tricia Poe!   Cage's best line? Well hoo-ray for the sounds of  f*+#ing Silence!  How these others found a way to dump on this movie is  beyond my comprehension!
0446525537|5.0|I don't like feeling manipulated. Shallow emotions are trite.  Formulas in any form of the arts put fences around responses and feelings. And having protested that much in the opening pages of this little book I sought to  prove my point by dissecting what was promising to be a corny tear-jerker  for mass consumption.  Wrong!<br />&quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is .....  special.  This is a simple story that for all it's predictable twists and  turns keeps you so involved with the characters that I would be surprised  if anyone could put it down before finishing it.  A love story of the  1950's between polar personalities that progresses toward the oneness that  real love achieves, this little fable takes on all the universal churnings  of adolesence and in the simplest means offers answers to many of the Big  Questions of philosophy.  Landon and Jamie are sojourners through the  mysteries of courtship and romance, but drawn in so terse a way that the  resolutions to their own questions come first from the heart - of the  reader.  I think even the most hardened reader, if allowed soulful honesty  instead of the pessimism with which we tend to conduct our way through this  century, will find tears in the eyes and that constricted throat that means  we are emotonally alive during the closing pages of this little treasure.  Sure it is &quot;corny&quot;....if feelings, vulnerability, and simplicity  are corny.  I think we all need to read books like this with some  regularity; it makes some sense of our past, our present, and a liitle  light at the end of the tunnel.
6301647734|5.0|Where most movies made nowadays are full of noisy spectacles and special effects, &quot;Harvey&quot; is as real as real as can be (or is he?).  We just can't see him. (Or can we?)  Jimmy Stewart's portrayal of Elwood P.  Dowd could never be duplicated. He plays Elwood with the sort of dry humor  that tickles everyone's funnybone!  He makes Harvey real to all of us.  His  sister, Veta Louise Simmons, played by Josephine Hull (who also starred in  Arsenic and Old Lace with Cary Grant) gives a wonderful performance walking  the line of she does/doesn't believe in Harvey. My favorite of the minor  characters is Aunt Ethel Chauvenet. Her reaction to meeting Harvey and her  comment about Mrs. Frank Cummings have me in stitches everytime I watch  this movie! I also like the advice that Elwood's Mother gave him--his  choices were &quot;to be oh, so smart&quot; or &quot;to be oh, so  pleasant.&quot; He chose to be &quot;oh, so pleasant.&quot;  That is a good  description of Elwood P. Dowd. No matter how ruffled everyone's feathers  are getting around him, he remains &quot;oh, so pleasant.&quot;The version  of this video I bought has a dialogue by Jimmy Stewart at the beginning. He  speaks about his experiences  while making the movie and while he was on  the road doing the play. He said during just about every performance of the  play a fidgity child would call out &quot;Where's the Rabbit?&quot;
6301562925|4.0|Not the best although much more enjoyable than HALLOWEEN 2. This installment lacked the action of part 4, but it was still good. Michaels mask in this looked a bit pathetic and the way he killed people in this is  like the style of Jason from FRIDAY THE 13TH movies. I liked the bit where  he takes his mask off and sheds a tear, in a moment of thought. The ending  is mysterious and there is also the appearence of a man dressed head to toe  in black. Overall a good film which is better than part 2 &amp; 6.
6303212263|5.0|I am writing this review to help bring the average rating of this movie up to five stars!  When I first saw this movie at about 5 years old, some segmets of it scared me.  Now that I am 16, this is one of my all time  favorite movies!  The cast does a great job, especially Christopher Reeve  as Superman, and Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor.  Not to mention John Williams'  incredible music score!  This is probably his best work, next to the Star  Wars series.  The print, however, is not looking good at all!  I hope  Warner Bros. decides to release it on DVD soon, restored, and in its  original widescreen format!  Long live Superman: The Movie!
6304106017|3.0|This is a weird film, and the first half seems like just another bland crime thriller, but the second half is full of brilliant special F/X and action. If only the whole film was as good as it's climax.
0671042858|5.0|...that King isn't just a horror writer. The last time he did a &quot;person in non-supernatural trouble&quot; was &quot;Gerald's Game&quot;. The less said about that one, the better. But in one of King's  anthologies, he even plays the sportswriter for one of his son's little  league ballgames, referring to the kid by his last name like any other  player. In this book, he takes on the story of a little girl who's a Red  Sox fan and how she gets lost in the woods. This one (would you believe?)  could hit the screen as an afterschool special, because there's so little  adult language that it could be edited without eviscerating the story. The  book itself (would you again believe?) could be put in the YA section of  most libraries. So much for Stephen King as a one-dimensional author, huh?
B00001U0DP|5.0|Excellent movie.  Two words: SEE IT
0800141326|3.0|I can not believe how negative the reviews are for this movie.  It's not perfect, but it is entertaining.  The acting is sufficient for a monster movie, and the cast do a good job considering IT IS A MONSTER MOVIE FOLKS. The special effects are of the \\"Jurassic Park\\" caliber.  I don't get the  hostility towards this movie.  Oh I get it, if you like a movie with a man  in a rubber monster suit, cheesy special effects, toy tanks, plastic Lego  cities, silly plot lines and terrible overdubbing then don't bother with  this Godzilla.  Rent the old Japanese movies.  I always thought they were  bad with the exception of the original with Raymond Burr.  The story line  of this Godzilla is fast paced.  Just when you think the movie is over, you  get to see just how much punishment a New York City taxi can take.  If this  was made by our friends in Japan it would have been called \\"Godzilla  Attacks New York\\"  The price is a couple dollars more than renting it, I feel it is  worth the price.
B000002LOE|5.0|In the spirit of U2's sublime The Joshua Tree, Out of Time, or at least its truly inspired tracks (Losing My Religion, Low, Near Wild Heaven, Endgame, Belong, Half a World Away, Texarkana, Country Feedback) captures  the great paradox of melancholy and hope that is americana, and blends  effectively with REM's unique pop know-how.  Once one skims the  surface-level popish songs Shiny Happy People, Radio Song, and Me in Honey,  the  result is astounding; the remaining tracks are pure, raw,  unadulterated emotion transmitted through the medium of  agonizingly-mournful western twang.  U2's Joshua Tree perfected the  incorporation of country's emotion into rock's soul.  OOT is a close  second.
B000000IVH|5.0|This CD marks the pepper's segueway from high tempo funk/punk (freaky styley, uplift mofo...) into sexy, lush rock (Blood Sugar Sex Magik); While maintaining elements of both.  The addition of John Frusciante and his  beautiful guitar riffs and rock-outs(listen for them near the end of most  songs) made all the difference.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This Film is so beatiful and amazing and it blows alot of the films out of the water.
B00000I41G|5.0|This is the kind of music I imagine seeing at Blues Alley or a jazz club in NYC.  Small, intimate set-- the kind of cool music that you want to enjoy over a drink.  Kenny Burrell is a great guitarist-- you can tell by  his restraint and understated grooves that keep you hooked.  The drummer on  the congas and the saxophonist play very well with Burrell and make you  want to head on over to your nearest jazz club.
B000002IHU|5.0|This album is totally awesome! Everybody pick it up!  Ratt is so cool
B00000DGUG|5.0|what an album!  allanis has produced another mind blowing album that i personally describe as a journey from ambience to rock. it is an album that has to be played from start to finish with no interuptions to get the full  effect, it can be played as a &quot;chill out&quot; album or as an  appetiser before a wild night out. i do however feel that there is  something lacking from this album and that would be the single  &quot;uninvited&quot;. it is my personal favourite but does not feature on  any of the albums, not in the u.k anyway. i also would like to see the  single as a full release including the remixes by dave seaman a.k.a  brothers in rythm which ripped up the dancefloors here in the u.k . i think  allanis has the potential to break into the ever growing dance scene but i  would never want her to stop making the music she makes; she is unique and  that counts for a lot today.  i look forward to the next album but for now  i will have to sit back and enjoy her latest triumph; mtv unplugged. keep  up the good work and enjoy YOUR journey. tony.h. - middlesbrough, england
B000002IHU|5.0|This album is totally awesome! Everybody pick it up!  Ratt is so cool
B000002H72|5.0|This album is, from beginning to end, a finely crafted work. A collection of songs which have been wrought in the classic power pop style, but with far more of the indy-rock/post-punk attitude that helped the Pixies make a  name for themselves. If you don't own this album, buy it. If you don't like  this album, give up on rock-and-roll.
B00000I8UD|4.0|I wish people would stop comparing Sylvian's solo carrier to  the Japan era. I've notice how earlier comments of &quot;Dead Bees On A Cake&quot;... that this cd lacks the magic of earlier sylvian works ... as if one could  go up to Beethoven or Mozart and question the  ability to create music...  This is a great CD by Sylvian that needs to be appreciated.
B000002O1Q|5.0|On the strength of two songs, I must give this album a perfect score. For those of you who might not know (it's pretty apparent in the production), Fire, Inc., the ensemble that performed Nowhere Fast and Tonight is What it  Means to Be Young, was the brainchild of producer/songwriter extraordinaire  Jim Steinman (Meat Loaf, Bonnie Tyler). There were three singers and a  batch of session players including Steinman himself. One of the singers,  Rory Dodd, was the male voice (&quot;turn around bright eyes&quot;) in  Bonnie Tyler's &quot;Total Eclipse of the Heart&quot; and also sang on a  couple Meat Loaf songs. Oh and we can't forget Elaine Caswell, who was  later in another Steinman project called Pandora's Box (they sang the  original version of Celine Dion's &quot;It's All Coming Back to Me  Now&quot; - it's great).<br />Because of Nowhere Fast and TIWIMTBY, this album  is incredible. They could have easily been rock opera songs and both are  deserving of worldwide recognition. A third song, Stevie Nicks' &quot;The  Sorcerer&quot; is a great song as well. Dan Hartman and Ry Cooder also  offer strong material, but really, the focus should be on Fire, Inc.<br />In  particular, TIWIMTBY should be everyone's &quot;song&quot;. It is full of  everything - a rock ballad intro that pulsates into driving drum rhythms  and an angelic chorus of vocalists. The lyrics are astoundingly evocative  and hyperbolic...yet identifiable. If you have the opportunity, I highly  recommend that you pick up this album. If the two Fire, Inc. songs had been  written for a stronger movie or even a play, I guarantee they would have  taken off.
B000002UEB|5.0|I picked up &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot; by Dream Theater a few weeks back and got interested in the whole &quot;concept album&quot; thing.  Then I picked this up for a bargain and was blown away.  Metal?  Sure it is.   Intelligent?  Absolutely.  Not something to listen to when you're in a  light mood.  They sound like Maiden with more sense and Rush with an actual  singer (not knocking those bands, also love 'em!) Wish Queensryche could've  made more albums in the same vein as this one...
B000007NWG|5.0|I got to know syd barrett`s work through a friend of mine, &amp; for that I owe him big! <br />syd barrett was a simple man, who got lost in the greedy &amp; demanding world &amp; in far too many drugs. the simplicity is well  shown on this album: not a big production, just him &amp; his guitar.  <br />but that was the real geniousty of roger &quot;syd&quot; barrett - to  make the great from almost none.  the whole album is very touching (dont be  surprised if you`ll end up crying) &amp; well delivers the feeling of a man  who gave up on this world.<br />the bonus tracks which are supposed to be bad  takes of the originally songs are a great supplement, some even better the  real song (octopus).<br />I can only imagine what could have been if syd  barrett didnt get &quot;lost in the woods&quot;. we lost a real genious.
1878424319|5.0|This is a wonderful little book.  Easy to read and tremendously profound.  I would recommed it to anyone.  No matter where you are on your path in life, no matter your education, income, religion, occupation, race, or  anything else we think makes us different or seperate this book is for you.   An easy, loving, hope-filled book with all the answers you need to live an  incredible life in four profound 'agreements'.
B00000K19E|4.0|Great concept..Extremely well done...watched a borrowed dvd probably 15 times...buying my own. Only problem I have.. Is the language (foul/blasphemous) the writers used in areas.
B000002I25|5.0|Jim, Ray, Robby, and John are definitely four amazing musicians, all four of them with musical background.  Even though they were together for only 5 years, they have left a place in rock &amp; roll history that no one can  break... their songs, 'Break on Through', Cyrstal Ship', are some of the  most influential rock and blues songs that have influenced musicians from  around the world. Even though they are not together their albums will  always be heard from every corner of the earth.
630575067X|3.0|I thouht Episode 1 could of use more acting in it then all that effects. but otherwise it was a good movie and i cant wait to see Episode 2 with more of Sam L. Jackson. I give it 3 star because of the effects. Oh yea and  also Darth Maul.
630575067X|2.0|For those of you who aren't aware of the Star Wars saga (if such people exist), this is a prequel to the other three films, taking place some years before 'A New Hope', and telling the story of the beginnings of Anakin  Skywalker.<br />Some people might have thought &quot;it hasn't got Han Solo,  Darth Vader or Luke Skywalker in it so it won't be as good&quot;.  These  people can now give themselves a modest pat on the back.<br />Certainly this  film is entertaining and has countless, amazingly detailed, CGI effects.   It's just a pity the characters aren't quite so sensational.  The two jedi  knights sleepwalk through the whole thing, the briefly-seen famous actors  are never given a chance to act and the aliens are idiotic video-game  characters.  There are a few good characters.  Palpatine is wonderfully  scheming and Darth Maul is well-designed, despite being underused.<br />But  the endless merchandise we're currently awash with only goes to prove that  this film is about money.  If you're a dedicated Star Wars fan it might be  worth a look, but if I were you I'd be content with the first three films.
0451524985|5.0|As with any good novel there are several levels on which this book may be read.  Taken factually, here a woman forsakes her incapacitated husband and takes the gamekeeper of their estate as her lover.  Pretty ugly scenario!  How can such a cruel action be justified?  Lawrence is not afraid to take  on this formidable challenge.<br />To some people there is absolutely no issue  here.  When you marry, you commit yourself exclusively to your mate.  Period!  Case closed! But in real life, the matter is not so simple, unless  you choose to make it so.<br />On a deeper level a marriage inherently has  hidden strings attached.  It requires an honest effort by both partners to  commit to the marriage, to sense their partner's needs, and to respond to  them honestly and with sensitivity.  If one mate is not perceptive, not  doing their part, not &quot;truly interested&quot; in the marriage, then  the marriage is in reality already dissolved, albeit not legally.  This was  the case with Lady Chatterly and her husband.  It was also the case with  the gamekeeper and his wife.  Lawrence had to courage to recognize and to  address this marriage problem, which probably is more common today than we  would care to admit.<br />The level at which I most liked this novel was in  the descriptions of the actual physical encounters between the Lady and her  lover.  I have not counted them but there are perhaps four or five, all  under different circumstances, all resulting in different degrees of  satisfaction.  Which suggests to me tht the sex act, in itself, is an  almost neutral event.  What gives it meaning are the attitudes and  sensitivities that its participants bring to the occasion.<br />At its deepest  level sex is a reverent act, a sacrament.  It is an uncompromising, fully  trustful yielding of one's body to the care and love of another person.  The result can be the most glorious feeling a human can experience.  It can  also be the most degrading feeling in the world.  In this novel Lawrence  follows the Lady and her lover through their progressing relationship.  The  novel can serve the reader as an inspiring view of the great beauty and joy  that a loving relationship may eventually engender.<br />Should teenagers read  this book?  In my opinion, no.  Nevertheless, they will.  But, like  Shakespeare, they will not be able to absorb its wealth.  I encourage them  to save its reading for their later years when they are trying to bring new  riches to their lives.  Sort of like saving the icing on the cake, and  eating it last.  I think Lawrence would like that.this novel Lawrence  follows the Lady and her lover through their progressing relationship.  The  novel can serve the reader as an inspiring view of the great beauty and joy  that a loving relationship may eventually engender.<br />Should teenagers read  this book?  In my opinion, no.  Nevertheless, they will.  But, like  Shakespeare, they will not be able to absorb its wealth.  I encourage them  to save its reading for their later years when they are trying to bring new  riches to their lives.  Sort of like saving the icing on the cake, and  eating it last.  I think Lawrence would like that.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The reason this film is so wonderful to those who think so is because it didn't play safe.  The morality, the pace, the characters...  Instead of being yet another crowd pleasing Hollywood movie, Eyes Wide Shut takes a  stand.  It depicts very specific types of people and situations that are as  real as they are fantastic.<br />This film is just about guaranteed to  polarize you.  You will love or hate it.  Personally, I love it.  If you  like to take your time and think; if you like to see through the surface of  things, you'll love it too.
0802130208|1.0|The author of this atrocious book has given us the most annoying character in the entire history of literature. Imagine reading the story of the spoiled little brat kid who lived down the street from you when you were  younger. The kid who always talked back to his mother and got everything he  wanted. Who wants to read about a person like this? The story itself moves  along at a terrible pace. It switches from one unfunny episode to another  with a bit of difficulty, usually relying on the main character going home  to go to sleep at the end of the chapter, and waking up to a new,  irritating adventure.
B000005H40|5.0|this cd was amazing to listen to right from the start!'blue train' puts me in a mood where i can care less about life and just sit back and relax.....the rest of the album has the same feel to it.....so if you need  a cd that will let you relax...then buy this cd...ultimately one of the  best jazz albums of all time by one of the best!
B000022TSY|5.0|This movie is essential to the collection of anyone who is interested in the 60s revolution.  On their epic journey from coke deal to Mardi Gras, the unraveling social fabric of 60s America is unfolded layer by layer.   Hippie ideals and a peaceful lifestyle are contrasted with the hate-filled  resistance of the powers-that-be.  This film is cinematically stunning,  backed by a superb soundtrack and top-notch cast (Jack Nicholson's first  major role).  Hopper ices the cake with a masterfully edited psychedelic  scene that remains unsurpassed in realism and intensity, and then hits us  with a chilling ending . . . <br />The 60s has never been portrayed with such  relevance or eloquence.
0446910201|5.0|It will inspire all to fight for what's right !  When you know that you are right,   nothing or no one should come in the way of your fight for justice. Rubin's Story has given me a burning desire to succeed in  everything I set my mind on !
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is by far the best movie of the year.  It is shot beautifuly and it has two of the best actors working today in it.  True the fighting was a little nasty at times but it went so well with the film no one should  object to it.  Everyone should see this movie.
B00000IQBM|5.0|If you have never seen this, you are missing a cinematic masterpiece...Kubrick turns A Stephen King classic into a brilliant piece of horror complete with amazing steadicam shots and some of the best music  set to a film in the history of movie making.  Nicholson makes the movie go  with an absolute classic performance along with Danny Lloyd and Scatman  Crothers....This film changed how I look at movies...I saw it when I was  nine and I haven't had a good night's sleep since...That's what it's all  about....
B000002TQV|5.0|Ok, so it's not quite as good as OKC, but then, not many CDs are. The tracks range from rockers (&quot;My Iron Lung&quot;, &quot;Bones&quot;), soft ballads (&quot;Bullet Proof...I Wish I Was&quot;, &quot;Street  Spirit&quot;) and even a slight touch of electronic experimentation here  and there, most notably on the opener, &quot;Planet Telex&quot;. It also  contains, as a music critic put it so well, &quot;the prettiest rock song  ever&quot;, which is of course &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;. Best Track:  &quot;Just&quot; (Great guitar work!) Worst Track: None!
0385486804|1.0|It appeared rather quickly that Mr. Krakauer knew very little about the young man Chris in this true story, and you get the impression he was trying to continue to ride the wave of his very successful book, Into Thin  Air.  The story flip flops between historical treks into the wilderness by  other men and Chris' journey into the Alaskan wilderness, and eventual  death.  It is confusing (and rather boring) at times when Mr. Krakauer goes  off on these tangents and loses the momentum of what he set out to  investigate; Chris' self imposed seclusion.  Mr. Krakauer makes a hero out  of Chris for acting impulsively and deeply hurting his family.  I found  Chris to be self centered and self righteous, judgemental and juvenile.  This book was a waste of time on all parts, and I couldn't wait for the  end.<br />Unfortunately we will never know much about Chris, and can only  guess at what drove him to enter the wild.  But from the little background  Mr. Krakauer uncovers, it appears he had a chemical and/or mental imbalance  of some kind.  I think his story and his family should be left alone.   Shame on Mr. Krakauer for attempting to profit from their intense loss.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Because 1) First of all it sounds great coming from metallica 2) Get a dose of where metallica got their influences from. If you listen carefuly you will find that many riffs are copied from the smaller bands. 3) because  it is a sort of a tribute album ( except the masters are paying tribute to  smaller unknown bands here ) to all those rock/metal bands    that never  became popular, but were kickass in their time. It is a great  eye(ear)opener to the fact that great bands are influenced by all types of  music not just what they play.
068484267X|5.0|This book was great. It was a very sad, deppresing tale with humor and hope keeping the family alive. At times you could feel tears forming in your eyes and at other times you would laugh aloud. It was a great book. I  recommend this book for serious reading, not at night, it gave me bad  dreams. A very great book. I can't wait to read Tis.'
0767819594|5.0|I thought this movie was brilliant.  Yes it's a little sinful and evil, but it keeps your attention throughout the whole movie!   My favorite part is the love scene between Annette and Sebastian, it's love without a doubt  and in the car ride, she makes him laugh...all too adorable.  Even though  the ending isn't a fairy tale, it's life and life doesn't always have a  perfect ending, but awww, there is justice.  Best movie, if you haven't  seen it...what the hell's wrong with you, go see it!  Absolutely LOVE IT!
0782008372|2.0|What an absolute atrocity.  The picture quality on this DVD is the worst I have *EVER* seen.  I'm fortunate to have the same edition on laserdisc, in addition to the original US release on laserdisc, and the quality in both  cases is far superior.  You'll think something is wrong with your DVD  player if you buy this version.  If you can't find the LD, go for  VHS.<br />Now, that having been said, the MOVIE is my all-time fave.  Love the  idea, love the cinematography, and love the performances of all the actors,  especially Connery.  It's true that the original US cut makes somewhat less  sense than the Director's Cut, but that's a two-edged sword.  The flow of  the original US cut was better, while the Director's cut drags a bit in  places.  Also, the US cut, while &quot;confusing&quot; is also mysterious  in a way that made it fun to watch again and again, because you had to  figure out little details that are simply explained in the Director's  cut.<br />Overall, it's a pity this DVD is such a hack job.  If it's ever  remastered (which it should be), then they should do the same thing they've  done with some other DVD titles -- allow you to select whether you want the  US release or the Director's Cut.  Also, think ANAMORPHIC!
0425170349|2.0|It seems as though this has been done before.  The same ideas, format, novel progression, and hokey idealistic themes are present here that have been in the &quot;Op-Center&quot; drivel,  only stretched out to 700 pages.   The only thing that this book has to offer is Clancy's detailed  explaination of some of today's newer gadgetry.  In fact, if one were to  review some of the earlier novels and compare it to this book, one would  have to wonder if Clancy wrote this himself or if he hired a ghost writer  to do it for him.  If you must read this book because you have been a  Clancy fan, like myself, be sure to buy the cheapest paperback that you can  find so that your disappointment can be minimized.
068484267X|5.0|This book was great. It was a very sad, deppresing tale with humor and hope keeping the family alive. At times you could feel tears forming in your eyes and at other times you would laugh aloud. It was a great book. I  recomend this book for serious reading, not at night, it gave me bad  dreams. A must-read book.
B00000HYXB|5.0|actually it can't be described by words. It is an experience. As much as 2001: A Space Odyssey was a milestone in art of film this is one in the art of music.
B00000ING2|4.0|The Hudsucker Proxy is one of my favorite movies of all time. I won't go over what's so great about it because you can get all that just as well by reading the other reviews on this page.<br />I do want to address the quality  of the DVD, however. While the DVD does offer both standard and widescreen  mode (anamorphic, no less), it decidedly comes across as a sub-par job. The  transfer is terrible, dark and grainy in places and completely washed-out  in others (the dancing scene made me wonder if something was wrong with my  player). The sound is in Dolby stereo rather than the 5.1 channel surround  just about everything post-1990 is available in. Not to mention the  complete lack of extras: no actor bios, commentary (which I would have  really liked to have seen) -- not even a theatrical trailer. For a movie of  this quality, I would have expected a lot more.<br />I love this movie, so I  got it anyway and am happy with it (after all, it won't deteriorate like  VHS). But don't expect a Matrix quality disk or anything.
B000006E17|5.0|This brutal, beautiful film is not meant for the casual viewer. In trying to indict the fascists of his home country,Pasolini has been (wrongly)accused of glamorizing their degradation of things human. I saw  this film in the theatre on it's US release. No one with a weak stomach  should consider this film. Anyone, however, with a strong interest in art  as a means of political expression,flawed or not, should see this. If  Heller's CATCH-22 points out the utter lunacy of war in a fanciful way,  then Pasolini's film is the opposite side of that-it will make you cringe  at the depravity visited upon the victims of sadistic torture. What was  Pasolini's point? Perhaps he wanted to push us to think about what we  refuse to consider is being done for us as well as to us. If you can take  it, you'll never watch a film that can equal it's ability to disturb...
B000002G8N|4.0|This is one of EC's less known works, but certainly one of the best! Everyone who loves pure rock and blues should love this album! But it's not only about that: the songs of this album are so different one from the other! The man's definitely not capable of singing only blues (as he  himself likes to say). Sheer excellence!
B00000J7JO|3.0|I've never been a fan up until now.I heard Scar Tissue on the radio a couple of times and liked it so I bought the C.D. I am inpressed with most of the music although there are acouple of heavier track which I can take  or leave.I really like Otherside which has just been released over here and  is playing all the time.I'm glad that this band seems to be writing softer  music as for me it was easier to listen to than their previous work.The  lyrics?I don't know,they seem to be a bit strange and deep in parts but  isn't that the Peppers anyway?Some pretty FUNKY sounds on here,I like what  I hear.Impressive in most parts.I am converted and am now a Peppers fan!
B00000JAQ8|5.0|The first album was original, brilliant, etc .. this ones even better. Can't wait for more.
B000002U82|5.0|If you could own only one record, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; is it. Fire up a blunt, slip into some headphones and turn up the volume, you are in for a sonic feast. (The musical textures are best experienced through  headphones). There is so much going on, your head feels like it is going to  explode. Repeated listening is mandatory. The theme running through the  record can simply be summed up as: What's it all mean? When you can answer  that question, you will be able to unlock the mysteries of life. &quot;Dark  Side of the Moon&quot; is the key. This record has taken me to places I  never thought existed. After many years of listening, sometimes 10 times a  day, my life has been profoundly changed. I have clarity and perspective.  It's all right there on the record, right there for the taking. This is the  only record that will still be played 200 years from now. Bravo, Pink  Floyd, bravo.
B0000025ZF|3.0|This is definitely not one of Waters best works, but it's such an intimate album! It must be damn hard for a musician to write something about personal, intimate feelings and experiences such as the permanent fear of losing someone so close to you. I have the feeling Waters is talking about something that really used to happen to him...this is a work about everyone of us, about our fears, paranoias, nightmares...don't you say you  never felt this kind of things - feeling that you are never going to make it, feeling that you might lose something, feeling that you might stop  breathing while you're asleep, that one day you might feel dumped and  alone...  Ok, the guy became paranoid since \\"The wall\\", and if  you don't agree with that, just listen to \\"The last cut\\" and this one. But I wouldn't say this is a bad album: it's not a masterpiece, but  it's a good work that one, not necessarely a Waters fan, could listen from  time to time.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles Davis stepped into the studio with a few friends and came out with a masterpiece that still remains after forty-plus years. This CD sets the standard for the great American art form known as jazz. Who knows how many  times and ways that So What has been covered. The entire Cd is is so  complex in its simplicity, yet it keeps you there over and over again.  There is nothing on this disc except great music. This is the place to  start your jazz collection, however, if you start here, it may truly take  years to find another that compares.
0140157352|4.0|Getting to Yes deals with ways to negotiate without giving in. As a registered nurse, I found that the book provided practical solutions for problems that arise in the work setting. It includes plans to disarm your  opponent when negotiating turns into arguing. The steps to negotiated  agreement can be used to settle disputes not only in the professional  setting, but in a personal setting as well. The book includes numerous  scenarios that demonstrate how the strategies work in real life situations.  Negotiated agreement would require time and effort, but its benefits could  help anyone in a management position
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing By Heart is an amazing film with an incredible ensemble cast.  The viewer is allowed to delve into the lives and relationships of eight different characters who appear to be completely separate of each other in  the beginning.  By the end of the movie we see the pieces start to connect  just in time to create a perfect ending.  This is a touching film about  love in our day and age--everyone can relate to at least one of the  story-lines.  The highlight of the film is Angelina Jolie (who is always  brilliant) as Joan.  This movie is a must-see.
B0000028UK|5.0|I was very impressed with this CD.  This is one excellent CD which has rock as the way it should be, laid back yet pounding!  The thing about this CD is that it's one of those where you like EVERY SINGLE SONG!   A must  get!
0440234743|5.0|This was the first Grisham book I have read and it has made me want to read as many as I can!<br />The book as an exciting begining which makes you want to carry on. The whole book is one thrill to read and I am happy to  say &quot;well done John a very good book indeed!
6303393977|5.0|This is one of the most satisfying films ever made.  The movie excels on a number of planes...impeccable cast with extraordinary chemistry, including Paul Newman, Robert Redford, and Katherine Ross...spectacular scenery and  cinematography...a serendipitous musical score by Burt Bacharach, featuring  &quot;Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head&quot;...great direction by George  Roy Hill, who later directed &quot;The Sting&quot;...and an amusing  storyline about an effusively optimistic bank/train robber, his pragmatic  gun-slinging partner, and their beautiful schoolmarm girlfriend.  Butch and  Sundance try to stay one step ahead of a faceless but relentless posse as  they wander from the American west to South America, via New York City, in  search of one more bank to rob.<br />Of all the many things to enjoy in this  film, none is better than the dialogue.  The movie won a number of Academy  Awards, including best story and screenplay.  Memorable lines abound.  Butch outlines his latest scheme to Sundance and smiles contentedly,  &quot;I've got vision and the rest of the world wears bifocals.&quot;  In a  later scene, a man named Harvey Logan (Ted Cassidy) challenges Butch to a  gun or knife fight for control of the &quot;Hole in the Wall Gang.&quot;  Butch mutters to Sundance, &quot;Maybe there's a way to make a profit in  this...&quot;  He glances over at his taller, stronger adversary and  frowns, &quot;...bet on Logan.&quot;  Sundance immediately replies, &quot;I  would... but who'd bet on you?&quot;  This is a production with flawless  artistry...a monument to the entertaining value of the medium of film.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing By Heart is an amazing film with an incredible ensemble cast.  The viewer is allowed to delve into the lives and relationships of eight different characters who appear to be completely separate of each other in  the beginning.  By the end of the movie we see the pieces start to connect  just in time to create a perfect ending.  This is a touching film about  love in our day and age--everyone can relate to at least one of the  story-lines.  The highlight of the film is Angelina Jolie (who is always  brilliant) as Joan.  This movie is a must-see.
B000003N89|5.0|Wow, I haven't heard a voice like that since &quot;Ella&quot;, how come we have not heard about this Lady in the press on TV or anywhere else, she will be one of the alltime greats I'm sure of it.
0440234743|5.0|This was the first Grisham book I have read and it has made me want to read as many as I can!<br />The book as an exciting begining which makes you want to carry on. The whole book is one thrill to read and I am happy to  say &quot;well done John a very good book indeed!
0156711427|5.0|We can read this book at several levels. Jung said somewhere that a dream can be interpreted at many levels, and every interpretation is right. (If Jung didn't say it, I did, and he would have said it.)<br /> On the  surface, Passage informs contemporary England of the state of affairs in  India. At the same time, it shows how East and West differ. It also leaves  a record for later generations about English colonialism, the relations  between Hindus and Muslims in India, social practices, and speech, and the  historian may even infer quite a bit about the industrialization and  technology of the early twentieth century.<br /> In &quot;Homo  Aestheticus,&quot; Ellen Dissanayake says, &quot;Behavior is, essentially,  choice.&quot; To analyze Forster's book (or any work of art), we have to  ask, why did the author choose these particular elements to express  whatever was in his mind? (A novel is more than Stendhal's mirror; it  expresses what the author sees, and what the author sees is decided by what  the author is.) Here we slip into deeper strata.<br /> India, the dark,  amorphous, timeless, ancient land, represents the unconscious, peopled by  unknowable, unreachable, dark-skinned masses worshipping an accumulation of  gods in a number of tongues. The identity of India as the unattainable  contents of the unconscious is indicated by the very first conversation in  the book, in which two Indians tell the third that they are dead, in  &quot;another and a happier world.&quot;<br /> Adele Quested, the noble  quest, is an intrusion from the known, civilized conscious. This female  character goes past the outposts of light into the darkness of India,  where, because she is introduced by aged Mrs Moore (more), she is escorted  into the womb of the rock at the Malabar caves by Dr Aziz (A through Z is  everything). Dr Aziz may escort her because he is not a true denizen of the  inner world (he is the third Indian, not &quot;dead&quot;), he is a modern  healer who originated in Muslim Afghanistan: a bridge.<br /> When Quested  enters the cave, she is, or is not confronted by a shadow which may have  been guiding her. In her struggle to avoid the union of male and female,  conscious and unconscious, she loses her vision (her field glasses) and,  because she rejects the shadow, the injuries she suffers (earns) are only  skin-deep; her compatriots do not permit the cactus spines to enter her  blood.<br /> Since Mrs Moore, the prescient old woman, does not assert Dr  Aziz's innocence, she dies as soon as she reaches the sea, the eternal,  unfathomable depths of life and psyche.<br /> Fielding, the educator, ego,  wishes to befriend Aziz, but Aziz, wounded, enters deeper into polytheistic  India, the unconscious which he hopes to unite, but the horses, the earth,  the temples don't want it. Fielding never marries Quested. Although the  book is titled A PASSAGE to India, practically the whole book takes place  *in* India, and yet, passage is never realized.<br /> Now it would be  absurd to suggest that Forster sat chewing his pencil thinking, &quot;What  symbol am I to use to show the quest had only superficial results? Cactus,  that's it!&quot; The book succeeds because his mind was ordered and open  enough to dredge up the effective symbol: effective for him, effective for  us.<br /> What I propose is that work which delves deep into the  unconscious cultivates psychological growth and, by inspiring internal  harmony, alleviates problems, if only by facing them. This is the standard  I would raise to distinguish good (successful) art (art which succeeds in  promoting psychological growth) and mediocre art, the product of shallow  minds.ted in Muslim Afghanistan: a bridge.<br /> When Quested  enters the cave, she is, or is not confronted by a shadow which may have  been guiding her. In her struggle to avoid the union of male and female,  conscious and unconscious, she loses her vision (her field glasses) and,  because she rejects the shadow, the injuries she suffers (earns) are only  skin-deep; her compatriots do not permit the cactus spines to enter her  blood.<br /> Since Mrs Moore, the prescient old woman, does not assert Dr  Aziz's innocence, she dies as soon as she reaches the sea, the eternal,  unfathomable depths of life and psyche.<br /> Fielding, the educator, ego,  wishes to befriend Aziz, but Aziz, wounded, enters deeper into polytheistic  India, the unconscious which he hopes to unite, but the horses, the earth,  the temples don't want it. Fielding never marries Quested. Although the  book is titled A PASSAGE to India, practically the whole book takes place  *in* India, and yet, passage is never realized.<br /> Now it would be  absurd to suggest that Forster sat chewing his pencil thinking, &quot;What  symbol am I to use to show the quest had only superficial results? Cactus,  that's it!&quot; The book succeeds because his mind was ordered and open  enough to dredge up the effective symbol: effective for him, effective for  us.<br /> What I propose is that work which delves deep into the  unconscious cultivates psychological growth and, by inspiring internal  harmony, alleviates problems, if only by facing them. This is the standard  I would raise to distinguish good (successful) art (art which succeeds in  promoting psychological growth) and mediocre art, the product of shallow  minds.
B000002HPV|5.0|I had never heard of Bjork until like a few days ago, but since then I have loved all of her techno songs, especially &quot;Unravel&quot; because I just love the cool beats.
0399143904|3.0|Good book with a non-trivial plot. The only problems I have are multi-page boring journeys into beer drinking details and family matters.
068485743X|5.0|Most books to help us prepare and sell MSS are technically centered, full of savvy about making it in the system- good MS presentation, warnings about dumb things not to do, same nuts and bolts stuff like hooks, pace,  character intro, etc. Lukeman's has all that and but lots more and his  particulars about craft are smarter than most. But what knocked me out is  that he also emphasizes the deep things that made us ever want to be  writers in the first place--our ideas about life, the joy of taking the  trouble to write fresh language, the unusual things we know, not just the  formula things we pick up around writers' workshops.  This book is a spell  binder because it has both ends of what we need--how to keep agent snd  publishers from glazing when they pick up our manuscript, and genuine  literary help, too.  This is invaluable kitful of useful, humorous, and  tasteful ideas. I am showing it to all my students.
B00001ZULV|2.0|while Phil Collins is catchy and talented this hurt the band in the long run.The Peter Gabriel Genesis was more risk taking.Phil&amp;crew just do commercial style music.it's not risky.Tonight,Tonight,Tonight&amp;Invisible  Touch are catchy but don't hold up.if you like radio hits this is for you.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I bought this cd after hearing Pretty Fly(For A White Guy) on the radio.  This is a GREAT punk cd.  I like punk cds like Blink182, Green Day, and Lit and this cd is just great.  If you fast forward past the music on Pay The  Man you will get a little spanish music remix of Pretty Fly(For A White  Guy)! Buy this if you like rock or pop!
B00000ICN5|5.0|S-T-E-V-I-E  R-A-Y, that's how.  I gotta tell you, I never knew I was a blues fan til I found this guy.  This CD showcases the master &quot;in the beginning&quot;, and I defy you to listen to him and tell me you don't feel  the same.  He's got everything from the &quot;suitable for  car-dancing&quot; Love Struck Baby and Tell Me, to the gut-wrenching,  this-is-what-blues-are-all-about title cut Texas Flood, to the  full-steam-ahead Rude Mood that, by god, makes MY fingers bleed! And, of  course, the inimitable Pride and Joy, Stevie's signature song.  Gotta love  it.
B0000025ZF|5.0|It's one of My favorite of all Waters' works, and Clapton is Just Amazing on guitar
B000002KCV|4.0|This is an album with heart! The first half of this CD reflects a more gentler, passionate side of Neil. And with back-up singer Nicolette Larson (who, of course, took Neil's tune &quot;Lotta Love&quot;, and made it a  &quot;hit&quot; of her own on her debut album), adds an even softer  dimension with her strong but not over-powering voice. The first half of  this CD dedicates itself to a more &quot;Folky&quot; sounding format. The  second half however, has more of a &quot;Country&quot; sound and is more  &quot;up-beat&quot;. A bit  unusual; esp. when it seems that every  recording artist today, gets &quot;locked-in&quot; to a certain sound and  doesn't deviate one iota from it; much to their stagnation! Bravo Neil! You  broke &quot;the rules&quot; on this one; and it's definitely a winner! A  very fine album indeed! I would recommend this CD to anybody.
B000002L82|4.0|Now I admit, at first I didn't like this album that much.  It took me a few listens to really get into it.  But once I did I completely fell in love with this album.  I found it rather interesting that an earlier  reviewing revealed that it the ORIGINAL album didn't have Blue Monday and  it's B-side, The Beach.  Those were great additions to this album as it was  turned into a CD, but even without them I'd say it stands on its own very  strongly.  Other great tracks, besides the afore mentioned, include Age of  Consent, The Village, and my personal favorite, Your Silent Face.  I don't  get it.  Why wasn't THAT song made into a hit!  I think it's one of their  most outstanding works ever!  But still, in a way it's cool that it wasn't  a hit because since it wasn't put on any greatest hits compilations, it  serves as a special treat for buying this ablum.  Power Corruption and Lies  is pretty good all the way through.  It's not their absolute best, but it's  pretty close.  Buy it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182's cd is such a rad cd!  I love the songs such as &quot;Mutt&quot; and &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot;. All you people who think their sellouts, you're plain wrong. I admit Dude Ranch is a better  album, this cd rocks!
B0000025ZF|5.0|I've bought this album 5 years ago, as a pink floyd fan i was a little sceptic but... WOW The special sound effects of the wall and dark side are there and those fealing ...!  With the guitar of Clapton The delirium of  Roger... (who keeps shinning on) At the first &quot;Ecoute&quot; i was  Hummmmmm! But after, wow wow wow. The lyrics are so good, its not the  sentiment of losingness but revenge !  Buy that one and you won't regret  it.
B000002LCK|5.0|This is an absolutely beautiful compilation that will keep your mind body and soul moving through every drum beat and musical cord.  Consisting mostly of their well-known hits, the first disc is truly an awesome listen.   There isn't a bad song on it!  The first tracks, Ceremony, Everything's  Gone Green, and Temptation, are lesser known (at least they were to me),  but they did not at all pale in comparison to Bizare Love Triangle in True  Faith, my personal favorites songs by the group.  My favorite by any group,  actually.  Oh, and if you think that the lyrics in this version of Ceremony  are hard to understand, try listening to the original version, which was  performed by Joy Division.     The second disc consists mostly of B-sides  and remixes.  Though a lot of people didn't like the second disc too well,  I still think its a great addition to the collection.  Granted it's not as  good as the first, but some of the instrumental remixes, such as that for  Thieves Like Us and The Kiss of Death are just beautiful.  And with a few  awesome sounding B-sides, such as 1963 and Mesh, even the second disc  proves to be a must have!  An excellent compilation overall.  I know I can  only give 5 stars, but I really wish I could give ten!  Because this one is  really over the top!
B000002HJD|4.0|If one man posessed the ability to express another's hidden thoughts, emotions, fears, and had the will to fulfill there meaning, it was Jim Morrison.  Jim was honest, not irreverent, when emploring us to &quot;look  in the mirror&quot; as he playfully flashed his reflection in words.   &quot;American Prayer&quot; is an honor to the grand inquisitor. It justly  fixes Jim's words with the archetype Doors sound.  Let us not forget that,  although quite arguably at times pretensious, Jim was a very young man when  he died and much moreso when the artiste became.   Jim is a friend unknown.   A friend whose speech is worth listening to.  A man whose vision was  beyond his control.  A man whose words adeptly convey to us our own  precious thoughts and passions. American Prayer is musical homage to Jim's  life and being. It's excellent.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is the queen of sweet, melodic arrangements. Her songs just soothes you and puts you in a good mood. Not forgetting her partner in crime Christian McBride, he adds the last piece to the puzzle with his  smooth jazz chords and harmonic riffs. I just love it.
0316743003|5.0|This book is page turningly wonderful.  It chronicles all the insider stuff from Lockheed's advanced research dept.  I loved all the head butts Lockheed had with the CIA as well as the stories of the techical obstacles  and the methods to overcome them.  This book is one of my all time favorite  books and best of all, it's non-fiction!
014028009X|4.0|I read this book in a matter of hours. It's funny and silly. Everyone should read something funny and silly every once in a while. I loved the satire with the weight loss and the book has a very snappy rhythm that I  particularly liked (and found myself imitating in my head). I thought the  ending was appropriate by following in a very self-aware tradition of the  perfect knight. There is, after all, no way that Bridget's shallow quest  would have found her a meaningful relationship. The author knows it, we  know it, so let's give her prince anyway. <br /><br />BTW, if you're a feminist,  and your only reason for not liking this book is because it offends your  feminist sensibilities, you need to re-examine your sense of humor.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This is one of those rare CD's where you start it at Track 1 and listen to it straight through...every track is terrific!  From the hard-driving sound of &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; to the more melodic sound of &quot;Take  a Picture&quot;, and many songs which artfully combine the two sounds, this  CD has it all.  The only downside to a production as good as this is you  have to wonder...How will they top this?
B000002ULO|5.0|I stopped buying Paul's records when he was trying to be like Michael Jackson,but when I heard,&quot;The World Tonight,&quot; on the radio,I thought I'd give him another try. I'm glad I did.This tape is the best Paul  has done since,&quot;Band on the Run.&quot; In a way,its sad,because it was  the last record he recorded with Linda. Paul's son,James plays a guitar  solo on &quot;Heaven on  Sunday,&quot; and Linda sings backing vocals. What  a great song with all three family members working together as a team. My  favorite is &quot;Beautiful Night,&quot; and the great ending that  follows.Ringo's on alot of the songs,playing drums,and singing back up.  Steve Miller is also on the album,and Jeff Lynne produces alot of the  tracks with Paul. Every song on this tape is the best. You will not be  dissapointed buying &quot;Flaming Pie.&quot;
6305627347|2.0|Crude ,rude, socially unacceptable.Somewhat funny if bathroom humor is your thing. Foul language and  flatulance for all. As the title says KEEP THE KIDS AWAY!
B000002I7R|5.0|This is Robert Plant's first solo work and maybe it's his best post-Zep effort. I love every song on this album as much as any Led Zep song. Plant' vocals are superb and every song is written and performed so  perfectly  that you'll never get tired of this music. I even can't  mention any  highlights of the album because the whole album is a big highlight :)
0064407667|5.0|I have all the &quot;Unfortunate Events&quot; books so far and I find them very entertaining. They are written in a funny and original style that I found to be very amusing. If you are looking for quick fun read you can't  go wrong with these books.
0375707972|5.0|Whenever I spot a book, movie, article on WWII it's a must read for me.  This story shows how two people are drawn together for very simple reasons during a very hard time in postwar Germany.  I truly loved it.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Mirrorball was the first Sarah Mclaglan CD I bought.  It was worth it.  Tracks like &quot;Adia,&quot; &quot;Hold On,&quot; and the others, I forget the names, are soothing, evocative, and speaks to your inner being.  This  CD is great and the audience interaction is nice too.
0792838637|2.0|Well, here it is, finally a DVD Bond movie with decent extra features.  It's just a shame that it had to be Tomorrow Never Dies, definately the weakest of the three Brosnan Bond movies.  Goldeneye and The World Is Not  Enough are classic Bond flicks and would be perfectly suited to DVDs  capabilities, but Tomorrow Never Dies is just an average, mindless action  adventure with a ludicrous storyline that Mike Myers could use for Austin  Powers Three (stolen nuclear missiles sound at all familiar?).<br />The stunts  and effects in this film are, admittedly very impressive, and are therefore  worth checking out on DVD, but there's no need for a special edition, just  buy the cheaper normal edition, unless you are dying to know how on earth  they drove that car without a driver.  Which I am not.
0345347951|4.0|&quot;Childhood's End&quot; was a well written (yet short), entertaining (yet fantastic) and thought provoking (but somehow sterile) novel. I would have preferred that the storyteller focus on two or three characters as  opposed to touching lightly on ten or so, but the novel stood strong based  on chronicling the ascension of mankind toward a &quot;universal mind&quot;  and a tempo similar to a t.v. documentary. And though the group mentality  of man as presented in the novel seemed unrealistically fatalistic (and  passive, considering the threat), its difficult for me to criticize the  depiction. Who knows what the collective psychology of earth would reveal  given the fact --not the assumption-- that we are not alone in the  universe? At this point, Clarke's &quot;Childhood's End&quot; is as  accurate a guess as any.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|I became addicted to Savage Garden after their first CD and eagerly awaited their next album.<br />At first I was disappointed in Affirmation.  All the songs seemed to blend together.  But after I had listened to it a  few times, each track stood out on its own and I fell in love with this CD  too.<br />Some songs tend to drag a little, a some are a little too  saccharine, but over-all this album is wonderful!  It all depends on your  mood really.  Affirmation speaks to the lonely little child in all of  us.<br />So do yourself a favor and buy this CD.  I highly doubt you'll regret  it.
0767836324|3.0|Okay,having read both the original JM Barrie AND the Terry Brooks adaptation of Hook, I would agree that the movie falls short of its mark.<br />Julia Roberts is hard to buy as Tink, Robin Williams and Dustin  Hoffman pull off their respective roles quite well. Maggie Smith is awsome  (and look who plays the young Wendy). Cameos abound to make the viewing  fun, and the performers do well. The visual effects are awsome, flying is  so well done you wonder how he does it, and the first view of NeverLand  demands that you have a Widescreen version of this film... if you choose to  buy it.<br />The plot, briefly, is about an adult Peter living in contemporary  society (just ignore the fact that he would be about 100 years old at this  point... IT'S A FANTASY!). He is a corporate lawyer who is fast losing  touch with his family and himself. A trip to London to see family  brings  back old enemies. Peter must go to NeverLand, fight Hook, and get his  children back. The pirates are suitably grungy and aged, but the Lost Boys  are the biggest letdown. Rather than the collection of late 19th and  turn-of-the-century children you would expect, you get a bunch of  streetwise urchins from any time period up to present day. And, hey, they  don't fly! The movie boils down to the final Pan vs Hook  confrontation.<br />Those claiming the movie is over-violent should look more  carefully. Only ONE person dies. All of the Lost Boys' weapons are the most  non-violent weapons seen. With all the sword-play, no one is even  scratched. It might have been better had there been more loss for the  audience to care about. The movie seems to dwell too long on some parts,  not long enough in others. You watch the movie to get to the moments of  revelation; Peter finding out who he is, seeing NeverLand for the first  time, Peter finding his Happy Thought and what that thought is, him finally  becoming Pan again...<br />The John Williams score is, per usual, top-notch.  The music adds emotional impact at moments when needed, heightening the  mood in others. All of his music is a great ride.<br />If you liked the movie  enough to want to buy it at all, get a clean copy that allows you to see  EVERYTHING. I myself have the Deluxe Widescreen edition of the LaserDisc,  so can only recommend getting the DVD. The best advantage would be the  ability to skip over the parts that annoy you to the punch of the story.mpact at moments when needed, heightening the  mood in others. All of his music is a great ride.<br />If you liked the movie  enough to want to buy it at all, get a clean copy that allows you to see  EVERYTHING. I myself have the Deluxe Widescreen edition of the LaserDisc,  so can only recommend getting the DVD. The best advantage would be the  ability to skip over the parts that annoy you to the punch of the story.
B000031XCR|4.0|If you are a Celine Dion fan, you will love this CD.  Her voice is just amazing.  This CD is nice because her best songs are on it along with some new ones.
6305750750|3.0|... because this film makes it quite obvious that he isn't really cut out to direct.  It had been 20 years, right? and it shows.  There seem to be a lot of racial stereotypes, even though Lucas has denied this.  And to make  up for it, the next film is going to be more culturally diverse.  There  will be an Asian character who specializes in martial arts.  Good way to  avoid stereotypes.  There are good action scenes in TPM, bu the billions of  special effects actually detract from the film.  Jar-Jar needs to die, yet  it has been confirmed that he will return for the next one.  The first 3  Star Wars films are absolute masterpieces; this one, though enjoyable, most  definitely is not.
0060194995|5.0|When I was nine years old, there were &quot;rumors&quot; that African-Americans would be moving into our lily-white community (it was a suburb bordering on the city of Cleveland). The following year  African-Americans did indeed begin moving in - and as a white child I  observed abhorrent racism for several years. The white adults were so  horrific, that I never again could &quot;trust&quot; their opinions. I  never discussed this experience with anyone, and when I first read Harper  Lee's book I was in my twenties, and read it non-stop. For the first time  in my life, here was a child who &quot;voiced&quot; the essence of what I  had felt when I was a child. Bravo to Harper Lee for her incredible  creativity and fantastic writing. This book should be required reading in  all schools in this country.
B00000099Y|5.0|Anema was the first cd that i ever bought.  I have purchased about 35 more cd's since and this cd remains my favorite.  The drumming is Stunning and the it is put together so well.
6305076626|4.0|A straight couple just driving on a rainy night, break down and walk to a nearby mansion where they are taken advantage of by some pretty odd people and even some I wouldn't classify as human. Great songs, and unlike some  comedy musicals, this one doesn't get boring. Though I must admit, it made  no sense and never will. But, that's the magic of this film.
B000002HRE|1.0|LIke it or not, this is garbage ! <br />I must confess the songs from this album that are played in the S&amp;M albun sounds great, but here in studio they are boring, commercial and heartless. Well, it´s not up to me to pay  Metallica´s bills, so they know what is best for them.
6303422020|3.0|I have two main complaints with this movie.  The first is the length.  It's simply too short.  The three stories could have been more elaborate, or they could have added one or two additional stories.  The second  complaint is about the third story.  I'm glad the Hitchiker was short, it  was a sad attempt at comedy or just deserts for an adulterer.  Old Chief  Wooden Head and the Raft were entertaining.  The Raft was pretty scary, it  shows the damage a slick can do.  Like what an oil slick does to wildlife,  but worse.
B000002JNN|1.0|THis great band has sold more than 100 million copies, so they dont jhave to (nor want to) prove nothing to no one. BUtm if youre a real AC/DC fan, think with me for a moment: what about if this fantastic band, with its  unique rhythm riffs and unique guitarrists (the Young brothers) and its  amazing rocking compositions, had a better drummer than Phil Rudd? Or a  much better bass player than Cliff Williams? (maybe theyre good, but the  Young brothers dont let them &quot;fly&quot;, I dont know). Or a singer  which coul really sing with an open voice (at least in the same league of  Bon Scott, who had none technique but a lot of energy, charisma and soul)?  Or if, only once in a while, they write a lyric with a little bit meaning  (just a little! It can be fun without being cheap!)) other than those  ridiculous sex lyrics (mainly in the Brian Johnson era)? Uau, they would  have sold 300 million!  But, the reviewer below who said this is  &quot;real&quot; AC/DC must be totally crazy!  THis Cd has only one typical  good AC/DC song, which is &quot;Moneytalks&quot;. The rest is garbage.
6304014457|2.0|I bought this video to show to some high school German students.  Unfortunately, the words displayed on the screen are in English, not German.  I didn't see any information about that before I ordered -- just  assumed since it was a GERMAN movie, the text would be in German.
B000009QPG|1.0|This CD is so bad that I cant understand why a band like this survives so long, fed by fans who think they are &quot;different&quot; or &quot;radical&quot;. Ok, theyre just skilless.
0060922583|5.0|The Holographic Universe is an excellent book in that it confirms the non-material aspect of reality, beyond the materialistic views of the human race.  It is a view of the reality of SPIRIT.  This book will help a person  to realize that there is more to reality than we are able to perceive with  our five senses.  The phenomenon of the holographic principle is an  excellent indication of how intimately we are connected with the Infinite  Creator.<br />How The Holographic Universe by Micheal Talbot is perceived  depends on a person's degree of Spiritual perception.  I think that science  has done an excellent job on describing the reality of Spirit but not  viewing it as such.  The required \\"proof\\" of scientific evidence by many  people is a typical western attitude that limits western thinking to the  materialistic side of reality and they fail to recognize the non-material  aspect of reality.  When a person maintains that he or she must have  scientific proof, they will never be able to aspire beyond the established  scientific consciousness of western civilization.  Not that I speak against  scientific evidence, not at all, but we must be aware that science has its  limits in what it can and cannot \\"proof.\\"  To make science the \\"god\\" of  your life or to have it as your only means of proof can become a fatal  mistake.<br />The Spiritual aware person who has read The Holographic Universe  will realize that our so called \\"material world\\" is in truth not as  physical or material as we think is.  The fact that atomic particles have a  waveform side to their existence indicates that there is a reality beyond  our physical world which the material world, that which we perceive with  our five senses, has to rely upon for its existence.  It cannot exist  without the energy field (Spirit) that manifests the atomic particles of  which the universe is composed including our bodies and our surrounding  reality.  It has been stated that humans only use 10% of the capacity oftheir brain.  It means that the perception of reality in the current state  of human development is only perceived in that 10% capability.  What will  the other 90% of our brain capacity do for us?  Will we see things that we  are not able to see at the moment?  Are there shapes in our reality that  exist which the current undeveloped human mind is not capable of perceiving  with its 10% of intelligence?  It may be best to keep an open mind so that  we can learn and progress faster than to think that we already know it all.   The evidence of psychic phenomena and other unexplainable anomalies is  proof that a something exists which science is not capable of analyzing,  not even with the combined power of their super computers.  They see it,  analyze it, but cannot explain what they are viewing.  I think that most  humans fail to recognize the enormity of God's infinite presence in our  reality and is obscured by personal, scientific, and religious conditioned  thinking.  God definitely does not exist between the covers of the Bible.   If it did, that would invalidate the word \\"Infinite\\" which means that  nothing can escape its presence because it is neither here, nor there, but  EVERYWHERE.
B000002UKS|4.0|I cant believe a drummer from a famous band (NIRVANA) turned into a guitarrist / singer / composer and made this great pure-rock album, full of energy, passion and simplicity, without being cheap. Amazing modern  recording!
B00000JMP9|4.0|People who have issues with opera-films, where a film is superimposed on a recording will find them here (from lip-synching to the issue of &quot;realism&quot;). I feel this film does justice to this work. The film  can only improve so much on the opera itself, and it's no news that  &quot;French opera had a bad century&quot;. There is little action in this  opera, the heroes are trapped in a passive existence. It's mainly about a  mood, and as such it is boring to watch on stage. The film brings out the  melancholic-yearning-pining-wasting-away-with-grief state of mind of its  protagonists. The outdoor shots in Prague are very beautiful and help to  whisk the viewer away to a different era, very slow in pace and full of  pathos. Dvorsky's and Fassbaender's French diction is good. Dvorsky has the  perfect voice for the role. He puts to shame all post-war rivals in his big  act III aria, and stacks up nicely even with Gigli. His top is free, the  voice is full bodied and projects the drama; he maintains a sensual quality  worthy of Di Stefano. I never noticed how beautiful Fassbaender's mezzo is;  she sings very intelligently, giving a character to what is a rather  limited role. There isn't a weak link in the Czech cast, and the conductor  Libor Pesek paces the work with the right balance between the lyric and the  dramatic. Audio quality is excellent, the video quality is better than VHS  but isn't the best (it's not as good as the Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk film,  that was shot 7 years later). Overall, this is a good way to access this  opera, which otherwise could have been delegated to the status of a dead  relic of a genre that went permanently out of fashion as soon as Puccini's  sun rose.
B00001ZT0K|2.0|The fun in this albun is the cover art!  It shows a horrible red demon (or whatever, with teeth showing in anger, for the sake of nothing, because, when you listen the music and the lyrics in the album, its all only  hard-rock, with candid lyrics about love, etc (see the 4 covers, for  example). Bizarre choice of cover art by guitarrist Mick Box. Maybe he  wanted attention desperately!
B000009EAD|5.0|Iced Earth is a band that will go very far.  With strong solid metal 10 years in the making (Burnt Offerings and Dark Saga), I expect to see them rise to great Heights with the likes of Maiden, Priest, and Metallica.   Furious and Passionate at the same time, this album screams for attention.   Their ballads are the best i've heard.  Powerful and sharp.  I've heard  comparisons to early Maiden but, it does this band great injustice because  they do have their own sound.  If anything they are a bit more refined  (more like Nocturnal Rites meets Annihilator) than Maiden's early raw  energetic Metal (respectfully).  Bottom line: this album is a must  for the  serious &quot;Metal Connoiseur&quot;.
6304712499|1.0|I am embarrassed for having seen this purile piece of filth.  Evidently this film (I'm using the term &quot;film&quot; loosely) was made for adolescents which makes it all the more frightening that filmakers would  subject a youthful mind to the sort of nonsensical gibberish that is the  plot of Spawn.  If I were live my life like Mother Theresa for another  thousand years, I could not repair the damage Spawn has done to my soul.
6304779607|5.0|Caught this movie on TBS &quot;Movies for Guys Night&quot;. This is a very poor movie which I would definitely not recommend. However, if you're in the mood to laugh at a cheesy 80's movie, this is the one for you.
0394810112|5.0|I think the book was awesome! i coudl feel the excitement as slowy more children got into disasters until it was only Charlie.<br /> The idea for the book was  excellent and it really helped me to imagine the scene and  surroundings..<br /> On the whole its one of my best books!
B000031WD9|4.0|I purchased the unrated version with the recommendation of my friends and to tell the  truth it is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. I mean its totally worth your money.
052594527X|5.0|This is the kind of first novel many serious writers ache to produce.  Chevalier effectively takes us away from the hustle and noise of the 21st Century--the omnipresent cell phones, the whirring faxes, the beeping  answering machines--into a world rich in silence and texture.  Practically  from the beginning the reader will find herself unconsciously relaxing as  Chevalier quickly brings 17th Century Delft to life: the silence of  darkened rooms, the crackle from a kitchen fireplace, the muffled sounds of  feet moving swiftly up stone stairs.<br />The heroine, Griet, is an  intelligent 16 year old  who, because of a family tragedy, is ripped from  her poor but closely knit family to work as a maid for artist Johannes  Vermeer's household.  Unlike her own home's rather straightforward traumas  (how to survive now that her father, a tilemaker, has been blinded in an  industrial accident), the superficially quiet Vermeer household seethes  with  jealously, turmoil, intrigue and secrets.  Griet comes as a maid, but  she evolves into a painter's assistant and, ultimately, muse--a  transformation that changes the direction she may otherwise have chosen for  herself.<br />Chevalier brilliantly and persuasively describes the rigor and  tedium required to maintain a 17th Century home; just reading through  Griet's daily workload is enough to make one want to take a nap.  The  divison between server and served, the fine line Griet must walk to please  her insecure new mistress and her perfidious children, make modern  sensibilities bridle.  Life, as John Kennedy liked to observe, is not fair.   And as this book matter of factly points out, it was even less so before  democracy's leavening influence.<br />My biggest regret re Chevalier's book  was that there wasn't more of it.  There didn't need to be, but I was  sorry, even with its bittersweet ending, that the book had come to an end.
B000002HIK|4.0|While not being Aphex Twin's most accomplished, it does best represent the bulk of his work. This is a difficult thing to do. Aphex Twin is probably the most unpredictable artist with any relevance in music today with each of his discs abandoning the goals of the previous one.<br /><br />Aphex Twin is not for the faint of heart, not for the listener who is looking for a catchy tune to bounce around to in his car and most of all, not for the listener that does not want to be challenged. It is often said of an artist, that he/she is a genius and rarely is it actually the case. Aphex Twin is a genius and therefore, like you would imagine carrying a conversation with Stephen Hawking might be, he is difficult to relate to for all but the most cerebral people. You don't have to be a genius to appreciate Aphex Twin, but you have to be willing to think. Aphex Twin has no interest in giving you a cathartic experience. \\"I Care Because You Do\\" is representative of this only common sentiment of the artist's work.<br /><br />The tracks will seem annoying if you merely seek to be entertained. For example, \\"Ventolin\\" has been called, \\"one of the harshest songs ever recorded\\" by the rock press and only when compared to that track does the rest of the record seem tame. It actually hurts to hear \\"Ventolin\\". This record was the first that I bought from Aphex Twin. I now have them all. If you decide to give Aphex Twin a try, I suggest you buy three of his records before giving up on him. They are \\"Selected Ambient Works, 85 to 92\\", \\"Selected Ambient Works II\\" and this one, \\"I Care Because You Do\\". If you can penatrate Aphex Twin's unnerving, often disturbing themes and his obvious disaffection for accessiblity, you will find his music endlessly rewarding for its refusal to compromise.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album has proven accessible to nearly everyone I know -- I've even used it to show my parents and in-laws (all in their 50s) why electronica is such a compelling genre of music.<br />However, it's not &quot;poppy&quot;  or watered down electronica.  Rather, by using blues and gospel influences,  Moby has simply widened the scope of his music in a way that few eectronica  artists previously have.
B0000399WI|5.0|There are few films as sublime as &quot;Shawshank Redemption&quot;.  Morgan Freeman's narration is impeccable  Timothy Robbins shall not do a better movie I predict.  This is a lazy man's prediction for  &quot;Shawshank Redemption&quot; has a screenplay based on a Stephen King  story that is flawless, acting that is awesome and directing that is  thoughtful.<br />I could waste my time and yours by giving you the the low  down on the plot, but this movie is to be seen not to be talked about.  It  is that good.  It is one of those rare major motion pictures that could be  called a poem.
630505116X|5.0|When I went to go see this in the theaters I thought it was one of the coolest movies I had ever seen.Treat Williams is great and I love his catch phrase. Treat and the black dude were my favorite characters.  If you like  to watch movies not just because they are oscar caliber but just to have  fun, this is the movie.
0684874350|5.0|I recommend this book to anyone who's looking for a great book to read. There's a little Frankie in everyone of us and the book takes us back to a time when we were younger and less fortunate. Well written in first person  prespective I recommend it to anyone who would like to write a memior of  their own.
B000003S0D|5.0|Yeah, I know, that title makes little sense, but it's just one of the lines from the title track that get caught in my head sometimes and rattles around..I love Crimson in all its incarnations, but this and Islands are  the two that I keep coming back to. Lizard is angular, abrasive, harsh,  cacaphonous, distant and off-putting, but always challenging and  interesting, just like the best music should be. I especially like the  moody title opus, with the Jon Anderson vocals sounding perfect for once  and Happy Family, the best song about the Beatles not written by the  Beatles. Pete Sinfield especially shines on Family; I, for one, have always  found his lyrics delightful and clever. It takes a singular and perhaps  demented muse to inspire lyrics like &quot;Brother Judas, ash and sack,  swallowed aphrodisiac&quot; and &quot;Saffron sabbath eyelids  bleed&quot;... Lizard is not for the casual Crimson fan; if the band never  mattered much to you then you probably won't like it. However, if you are  in the mood to have your perspectives and sensibilities altered a bit, then  get this, and listen often and well. I think you'll be glad you did.
B000002BYD|4.0|After 1996's strange &quot;No Code&quot;, Pearl Jam returned to a more mid-tempo pace on &quot;Yield&quot;.  For the first time since 1993's &quot;Vs.&quot;, there is just one wild experiment here as opposed to five.  I liked Pearl Jam's experimenting- &quot;Vitalogy&quot; was, after all,  their best album- but this was a welcome breath of fresh air before they  start experimenting again as they promised for their new  album.<br />&quot;Yield&quot; opens with the rock-into-oblivion &quot;Brain of  J&quot;.  It is basically a smarter version of &quot;Spin the Black  Circle&quot;, and has frontman Eddie Vedder raging about conspiracy  theories or something like that.  This is the heaviest song on the album,  but &quot;Yield&quot; as a whole is just a rock album.   &quot;Faithful&quot; opens quietly but then quickly becomes a power rocker;  the brilliant &quot;Pilate&quot;, &quot;In Hiding&quot;, and the  Beetle-like &quot;All Those Yesturdays follow similar patterns.   &quot;Given to Fly&quot; is the perfect Pearl Jam-meets-Led Zepplin rocker.   &quot;Do the Evolution&quot; is a strange punk song, but is the first  Pearl Jam song since &quot;Cordorouy&quot; that you can both head-bang and  dance to.  &quot;Mini Fast Car&quot; is enough of a rocker to pull back  anyone who abandoned the band after &quot;Vitalogy&quot;.<br />The soft songs  are good as well.  &quot;Wishlist&quot; is a silly repetetive song that you  will sing to nonetheless.  &quot;Lowlight&quot; is the second-best soft  song the band's ever done (&quot;Nothingman&quot; on &quot;Vitalogy&quot;  was th best).  The Middle Eastern hidden track is incredibly  catchy.<br />&quot;Yield&quot;'s rythym section is better than any of the  band's previous albums.  You'll actually applaude Jeff Ament on bass, and,  like I said on the &quot;No Code&quot; review, Jack Irons was the band's  best drummer.  Stone Gossard and Mike McCready are great as usual.<br />The  band blows it just once on &quot;Yield&quot;.  &quot;Push Me, Pull Me&quot;  is an unbearable techno experiment.  The only other thing that's wrong with  &quot;Yield&quot; is simply the fact that most of these songs are good, but  not great.  Some standouts are wanted.  Bottom line: this was the best rock  album of 1998.  Why it sold less than a million and a half copies, I have  no idea.  Where are you, old Pearl Jam fans?  These guys are back and ready  to rock
0790734060|5.0|I'm hardly one to agree with hollywood, but this is one of my all-time favorites.  One of the best blends of humor, beautiful music, drama and romance that I have ever seen.  Watch it with no expectations...don't  expect a history lesson of Mozart's life, but expect to have whatever  sketchy, tight-laced image you may have of him ripped to shreds.  Be ready  to see one of the Gods of music humanized, and brilliantly so.  The scene  to me which best epitomized his genius:  Mozart bent over a billiard table  in a disheveled house, rolling a billiard ball around on the table, jotting  down notes on paper while the ball traverses its path.  Decadent, funny,  touching.
0684869713|5.0|Many people dislike Ayn Rand's writings solely for her Objectivist philosophies, but these are the people who can't disassociate Objectivism from narcissism.  Taken as a novel, The Fountainhead is stunning.  It uses  a powerful story with clear but masterful writing to make the book  engrossing and pull you along.  Howard Roard, Rand's uncompromising hero,  is a strong model for her Objectivist philosophies.  He lives his life as  an ideal, for himself and for no one else.  He doesn't want to live off  anyone else; he makes his own life.  He is far from narcissistic; rather,  he doesn't even take credit for his greatest acheivements.  Instead, he  takes personal pride and satisfaction in the things he has created without  relying on others' praise for said things.  How is this a bad thing?  One  should not want to live vicariously through anyone except for themselves.   The Fountainhead is an amazing book, both as a novel and as a philosophical  work, so long as one doesn't forget the basic tenet: that one lives his  *own* life.  That means that while Objectivism may be a guide, it is only  the man (or woman) himself who decides how to live his life.
6305079900|4.0|Some people from the future, who wants change the  history to save all the human's life is the best  hero of the world.
630521610X|5.0|The writing behind the film is excellent, the idea of teens imitating the movies with more twists than twister. An action packed slasher movie with mystery behind it all no imortal killer just messed up teenagers. It was  impossible to guess who done the murders from the begining, you may think  you know who is doing the killings then somthing happens and turns your eye  to someone else. Overall a fantastic beginning to the best horror trilogy  around. The DVD has a few interesting special features, go for this special  edition rather than the standard DVD.
B00000J6AG|4.0|This is the sweetest song and will forever bring tears to my eyes. I first heard it in the X-files episode &quot;Closure&quot;. It captured the mood perfectly with it's blended sound and I instantly fell in love with it. I'm  a obsessed X-files watcher and this song just made me even more obsessed!
079283321X|5.0|A great movie! A great American Movie! Viewing the underdog pugilist who just wants to &quot;go the distance&quot; and finds love and self respect along the way  gives the viewer heart to &quot;go the distance&quot;  Stallone is no Brando but he can act and he shows equisite &quot;tough  tenderness&quot; here.  The entire production was pretty much his baby, so  Sly deserves major Kudos. The suporting cast is ACES!  Burgesss  Meredith-vertaile thespian makes great crusty trainer,  Talia  Shire-Shy,tender, beautiful,love interst, Burt Young- a pent up ball of  working class rage and frustration, and of course Carl Weathers-as the  mountain the Rock must climb.  How did he take all those shots to the ribs?   Had only Stallone been able to resist the sequals trap , cash cows though  they were, Rocky-with no Roman numerals would have earned a rare, hallowed  place in American Cinema, perhaps just a shade below The Godfather. Yo!
6300213714|5.0|I have seen the film in Croatia when I was 13 yrs old.  Since then, I have seen it roughly about 20 times.  This film is awesome, it epitomises the feel of togetherness and community.  I love the fighting scenes.  Normally,  I despise the violence, but from aesthetical point of view this is  brilliant.  It is well choreographed and acted and the soundtrack(got it:);  is really cool, especially 'that' tune by Mandrill. This is the film for  dreamers and is going to keep its cult status for a long, long time. Simply  mesmerising...
B00000BKDW|5.0|GIVE IT UP!  I don't think so! Iron Maiden an &quot;untalented&quot; band!  No way! Any musician that listens to an Iron Maiden cd can tell you that these guy definetly have talent; A LOT OF IT!  Do you like their  style? That's personal taste. I don't care for much, if any, of the music  from the '90's; but I sure wouldn't say that todays newer bands are a bunch  of untalented morons.! The guy from New York obviously doesn't care for  their song writing and playing... so don't listen to it. Iron Maiden didn't  become one of the biggest and most sucessful bands of all time because of  their inability to play an instrument.!  That's crazy!  If you love the  heavy metal of the '80's, you will LOVE this band!  One of the BEST bands  and one of their BEST albumns!  UP THE IRONS!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Not only does this movie NOT contain the original version as filmed by Kubrick--it is FULL SCREEN!  Can you imagine not having a widescreen version of this film?   Don't buy it!
0393312836|5.0|This book raises an eternal and crucial problem of ethical philosophy - the problem of free will, of free human choice between Good and Evil. Can a person be forced to be virtuous? Vladimir Solovyev, a great Russian  philosopher of the nineteenth century, wrote that an intent of the law is  not to transform a human being into an angel but to prevent their  transmutation into a devilish beast. The government officials in Anthony  Burgess' distopia conducted a forced metamorphosis of a morally brute  protagonist into some celestial critter incapable of doing any harm. The  result is deplorable: produced Clockwork Orange, whom nobody needs except  some unscrupulous politicians, can not survive in society based on lie and  violence. Forced Good is ephemeral and powerless before Evil.<br />The last  chapter gives a new dimension, new profundity to the story. Good, which was  impossible to inculcate from without, appears uncoerced within the depth of  the soul of adult hero supplanting Evil and Hate. The novel is full of  violence but it gives a hope: the author believes in an ultimate triumph of  Good in human being.<br />The language of the novel is positively unique. For  those who know both English and Russian its reading is a pure pleasure. The  author spells Russian words (sometimes slightly transformed) in English  letters and uses them with Russian meanings but under the rules of English  grammar. The result is stupendous: such exquisite inter-language play of  words, such splendid construction of sentences I've never met. However,  Russian translation of 'A Clockwork Orange' is rather lackadaisical, and  that only confirms novel's inimitable originality.
B00000JG41|4.0|the other Mr.Bungle albums sound like the Boredoms trying to play Frank Zappa songs,this one sounds like the Boredoms trying to play The Mavericks and  Devo songs.<br />there's nothing really original here but its still very  good, some songs are so horribley dumb you'll feel like you want to stomp  this cd's plastic guts out. one i'm talking about is the title track, sweet  charity, really now. DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!   its an ok album, check it  out.<br />and try your best not to think about Devo when you listen to it or  it will be ruined.
6305327084|2.0|Don't you hate it when a drama is labeled as a comedy? Anyway, there were only three things this movie had going for it; the script, the theme (What is considered to be a beautiful woman? ), and Micheal Rappaport's very  juvenile character as the only comic relief in this bore *sorry Rosie*.   &quot;Beautiful Girls&quot; had the potential to be a nice male soap opera,  but it couldn't hold my attention. I considered the part where Matt  Dillion's character landed in the hospital the ending and just turned the  VCR off. I'm sure that I didn't miss anything beyond that part.
6303430570|5.0|SMOOTCHIE  BOOTCHIES EVERYONE!    this  film is indicative of the working world,   dead end  jobs and a multitude of other facets of this lonely and cruel world...  and if you like razor edged humor  with some  sarcastic dope lines this movie is for you best  line  &quot;do you have  happy scrappy hero pups, my daughter loves it! &quot; randal  &quot;yeah,  obviously&quot;  later
0792151712|5.0|I love this movie!   I saw it for the first time back in '98, saw it again in the theaters, and then got it on movie.  Leo and Kate do a great performance in this movie.  The special effects were simply great,  especially the sinking.  After seeing it, I started researching on it.   <br />This is for all you people who don't like the movie. (I don't see how)If  you are wondering why the sinking was so long-that was very accurate! It  took almost three hours to sink-that's why most of the movie is  sinking.(duh.)  <br />Anyway, this movie is so very great-better than Gone  With the Wind.  I was very happy myself when the movie won 11 Academy  Awards.  Though, I will say that the drawing and the car scene was a little  mushy.  (I'm only 11)  Anyway, this movie is simply great!
0140186395|5.0|A classic, yes. A great story, yes. A philosophic treatise, perhaps. Above all, a well written novel in the tradition of great literature.<br />This is a book that I had to read over and over, and that still made me think with the tenth reading. Some of the book is biographical, the story of Steinbeck's Irish Presbyterian family especially his grandfather's move into the Valley around Salinas and his struggle to raise a family on the marginal land available when he arrived.<br />The fictional characters are the story, and the land is the story, and they are done masterfully.  Is he trying to tell a story, yes of course he is.  Is there an underlying theme, there is, and it is obvious.  Does he have a moral viewpoint?  he sure does, and this book is trying to sell it.  Is there a compelling, well written story around them to tie it all together, you bet!<br />Adam Trask, his brother Charles, Adam's son Aron, and his brother Cal.  As everyone points out, the A's and C's.  The story 'as old as man', the story of Cain and Able, of competition, rejection and revenge, first through Abel's eyes, then through Cain's.  And there's enough explicit dialog to insure that you see that.<br />That story is impossible to tell without support, and an outsider.  Support through Lee, the Chinese-American cook/philosopher looking for his own history.  The outsider, Sam Hamilton (Steinbeck's grandfather), poor where Adam is rich, rich in 'soul' where Adam is poor.<br />All this brought together by a strong narrative written by a man attempting to write his masterpiece. He accomplished his goal.  And when the world wouldn't see it, he quit writing fiction.  It's a shame.
6305750750|4.0|Back in 1980, I fell in love with Princess Leia and The Empire Strikes Back.  When Return of the Jedi came out in 1983, I was disappointed because my expectations were set too high.  In 1999 I looked forward to The Phantom  Menace with renewed expectation.  Yet in the back of my mind, I feared a  similar let-down to 1983.  That was exactly the case.  My first viewing of  the movie, at midnight of course, was a tremendous let-down.  I didn't  think I even wanted to see the movie again, after seeing the first three  movies at least 20 times each in the theater alone.  Eventually I did see  it again, and the movie got better with each viewing.  I think everyone  agrees that the visual effects are spectacular.  John Williams did yet  another excellent job with the film score.  But even though all of the main  actors are very good actors, they seem to have been limited by the script  and the director in their ability to act in this movie.  Better direction,  even with the same script, would have significantly improved the  movie.(Hopefully, that will not be the case in the next two.)  I'm not  going to harp on how terrible Jar-Jar Binks was, or how stupid the whole  midi-chlorian thing was.  I'm not even going to mention that Anakin was a  character I just didn't care about.  Let's move on to things that were good  about the movie.  Some of the best acting in this movie is left to very  small characters.  Shmi Skywalker, Anakin's mother, is performed  wonderfully.  Samuel L. Jackson, as Mace Windu, did an excellent job with a  limited amount of camera time.  As previously mentioned, the visual and  sound effects were excellent, as was the film score.  The movie keeps a  good pace and has several interesting plot twists, including dual  identities.  The many flaws should not be over-looked, but they should not  over-shadow an otherwise enjoyable movie.  One thing that should be  remembered when viewing a movie is not how good it is compared to some  other movie(because it's not as good as the other three), but how does the  movie stand by itself.  This is an enjoyable movie to sit back and watch,  plain and simple. Does is stray from the original plot from time to time .  . . definitely!  But this is an enjoyable movie experience which should not  be missed because of a few problems.  It's not Shakespeare, and there are  certainly better movies out there, but this is an enjoyable film to watch  with a bucket of popcorn and a large pop!
6305364648|5.0|&quot;True Lies&quot; is a spectacular movie, it has some of the most amazing action and stunts ever filmed for the screen. This film also has some funny comedy moments also, while the DVD doesn't have any extras to  speak of, but the transfer is great. I really like this movie.
B00000G28U|1.0|OK, last time my review wasn't posted - understandable, these people are trying to SELL these CDs. They can: if you're a sworn Metallica fan, go ahead and buy it. But if you're a heavy metal fan - I'll say only one  thing: skip ALL of Metallica after &quot;Black&quot;, and SPECIALY this  album. Making 2 CDs of covers was a bad joke, guys.
079072961X|5.0|&quot;The Fugitive&quot; is a great movie, arguably one of the best action films ever made. The action scenes in this movie will leave you breathless, from the Bus-Train crash to the staircase chase scene. Althogh this isn't  my favorite Harrison Ford movie &quot;Air Force One&quot; is.  But he still  turns in a great performance(It was worth an oscar nomination if you ask  me). But it is Tommy Lee Jones who steals this movie he steals every scene  he is in and he deserved his academy award. A great movie.
B000002U82|5.0|An Album, None The Less, but An Album isn't all that it should be. Featuring 9 songs of Great importance to Pink Floyd's Career:<br />1.(a).Speak To Me  (b).Breathe<br />2.On The Run<br />3.(a)Time  (b)Breathe  (Reprise)<br />4.The Great Gig In The Sky<br />5.Money<br />6.Us And Them<br />7.Any  Colour You Like<br />8.Brain Damage<br />9.Eclipse<br />Speak To Me as the first  half of the first track represents sound, No music on this one but it  samples all the Sound Effects used on the album:<br />Speech Parts<br />Cash  Registers On &quot;Money&quot;<br />The Part of Dinging Clocks as it fades out  of &quot;On The Run&quot;, from &quot;Time&quot;<br />Laughing From  &quot;Brain Damage&quot;<br />and The Heartbeat from the end of  &quot;Eclipse&quot;<br />Breathe Is The Second Half of Track 1, and it  represents Breathing, The Band Does a fine job with their instruments, with  a pedal steel guitar solo, and some very good organ and Rhodes Electronic  Piano.<br />On The Run is about escaped convicts and juvinille dilinquints.  Itfeatures Speach, Rick Wright's synthesizers, very little guitar, no bass,  and only something that sounds like cymbals. In The end their something  that sounds like an explosion, and it fades into &quot;Time&quot;<br />Time is  the first half of the Track 3. It is about the importance of Time. During  the fade out from &quot;On The Run&quot; it features low sounding dinging  clocks which is the same thing as what I said what is on &quot;Speak To  Me&quot;, then loud dinging clocks, an opening part where Nick Mason plays  the bongos, Vocal Part given to Dave Gilmour, and Rick Wright. A Guitar  Solo in the middle, and more vocals.<br />Breathe (Reprise) is about near  death expieriences. It sounds kind of like a mixture of Time and the  oringinal Breathe.<br />The Great Gig In The Sky is about Death, and what  might happen to you when you're in heaven. Written by Rick Wright. Features  vocals by Gospel Singer Clare Torry. Starts out with piano, then pedal  steel guitar and bass, after the drums come in, Wright plays his  organ.<br />Money is about the greatness, and not-so-greatness of Money.  Starts out with sounds of cash reigsters, and coins fallind into it. Starts  out with Roger Waters' bass, and gos into the wah-wah sound effects of both  a guitar and a Rhodes Electronic Piano. Featuring A Saxophone Solo by Dick  Parry, also the solos on &quot;Us And Them&quot;. A Guitar Solo, and ending  with speech parts.<br />Us And Them is about war. Starting with an organ solo,  that started at the end of Money. Then here comes the drums, and a sax  solo. Vocals, Piano Solo, and another sax solo. &quot;Us And Them&quot;  doesn't end, but fades into &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot;.<br />Any Colour  You Like is about the importance of color, and without it we'd be all white  without color. Starts out with Synthesizer, then goes into a wierd guitar  sound. &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; doesn't end either it fades into  &quot;Brain Damage&quot;.<br />Brain Damage is about people who are either  mentally ill or Brain Damaged. It Starts out with some mellow guitar, and  Roger Waters' vocals. After all the vocals there is a wierd synthesizer  solo, and it fades right into &quot;Eclipse&quot; when Nick Mason hits one  of the bass drums.<br />Eclipse is about the importance of the moon, and  without it we'd have nothing to light up the night, and there'd be no  tides. Featuring some loud organ sounds, and more of Roger Waters' vocals.  This song is a great way to end the album.<br />Here's everyone who performs  on this album:<br />Pink Floyd:<br />Dave Gilmour: Guitars, Vocals on  &quot;Breathe&quot;, &quot;Time&quot;, &quot;Money&quot;, and &quot;Us And  Them&quot;, Sound Effects<br />Roger Waters: Bass Guitar, Vocals on  &quot;Brain Damage&quot;, and &quot;Eclipse&quot;, Sound Effects<br />Rick  Wright: Hammond C-3 Organ, Rhodes Electronic Piano, Yamaha Grand Piano, and  Arp Quadra, Vocals on &quot;Time&quot;, Sound Effects<br />Nick Mason: Drums,  Percussion, Sound Effects<br />Other Performers:<br />Clare Torry: Vocals on  &quot;The Great Gig In The Sky&quot;<br />Doris Troy, Clare Torry, Leslie  Duncan, Liza Strike, and Barry St. John: Backing Vocals<br />and Dick Parry:  Saxophones on &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Us And Them&quot;.<br />Buy this  album, without any questions just buy it. And Listen to the sound samples.Sound Effects<br />Nick Mason: Drums,  Percussion, Sound Effects<br />Other Performers:<br />Clare Torry: Vocals on  &quot;The Great Gig In The Sky&quot;<br />Doris Troy, Clare Torry, Leslie  Duncan, Liza Strike, and Barry St. John: Backing Vocals<br />and Dick Parry:  Saxophones on &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Us And Them&quot;.<br />Buy this  album, without any questions just buy it. And Listen to the sound samples.
B00000ILDE|5.0|&quot;Aliens&quot; along with &quot;Terminator 2&quot; is a sequel that far surpasses the original. Everything about this movie is amazing, once the suspense starts the movie becomes almost unbearable, it is so intense  that you almost can't stand it. It's ironic that both &quot;Aliens&quot;  and &quot;Terminator 2&quot; are both directed by the great director James  Cameron. After the movie is over you feel tired from watching this movie it  wipes you out, but that's not a bad thing.
0887306667|4.0|Ries &amp; Trout are like 2 thristy villagers yelling 'Bellyache'. Switch up, read this book, and cop some common sense marketing tips... <br />Some are outdated... but nonetheless, it's worth your time. <br />*Crisp 100's I hand  out with a smile, a twinkle in the eye, Walt Disney invades my  dreams...wake up: Guns under my pillow, Checkmate, PaperMate,  The worst  you talk, these be the words you walk.  Cameras flashin, roll the red  carpet...meet me at the airport, we catch the Knicks game, then cause  Havoc, hit the Gym for 2 weeks, my back chiseled, meet the New Me*
0380973464|5.0|This is my kind of book. Heavy.  Weighty.  More than your money's worth.  I haven't been reading a lot of fiction lately, mostly technical books (which tend to be heavy, weighty, but MUCH More expensive).  But,  ironically, this book came at a time that it fit into a long chain of  books: Microserfs (followed by everything Douglas Coupland had written up  to that point, in reverse order), An Instance of the Fingerpost,  Cryptonomicon, The Code Book, The Number Devil, In the Beginning ...Was the  Commmand Line, (followed by everything previously written by Neal  Stephenson).  Talk about syncronicity; I received word of this book by  e-mail from a friend and by the end of the month had forwarded that e-mail  to about twenty-five other friends, of many different tastes and  backgrounds (with a cautionary note about the graphic language for some).   Why?  This book struck a nerve.  It revitalized interests I had had in  college.  No, I wasn't a hacker.  I was a math major.  And the cryptography  puzzles and inside references to folks like Alan Turing appealed to me.  So  did the insider's view of life in the techie worlds of Seattle and Silicon  Valley (including the description of Crosroads mall as the cultural center  of the game players world).  But ... I also recommended this book to  friends who were not math majors or hackers or techies, like a former Navy  Admiral who is into scube diving, or folks interested in World War II  history and conspiracies involving the Japanese and German high command.   Or people interested in Holerith encoding and the history of the first  computers.  (Again, synchronicity reigned; 2 days before starting this book  a co-worker handed me an article detailing the precedence trial crediting  the first U.S. computer implementation to the University of Iowa.) Two  things about well written books of over 900 pages with at least three  different stories being told simultaeously - (1) they are liable to appeal  to many different tastes, and(2) you get more than your money's worth.   <br />Sorry this is such a rant.<br />P.S. I had to go read a whole bunch of  other books after I finished this one to figure out what was real and what  was made up (I'd still like to find a good history of the NSA to follow up  on that).  But you can look up van eck phreaking right on the good old  internet.  <br />P.S.S. Since there are already 233 reviews of this book, I  don't expect you'll ever read this one, so I didn't put a lot of thought  into it.  Sorry about that.
B0000046MM|4.0|I'm a long time fan of flamenco music, but this is my first experience with Paco Delucia.  This disk is an enjoyable mixture of nuevo and traditional. Paco's reditions of Mantilla de Feria and Panaderos Flamencos  may not be as exciting as those recorded in the mid-1950's on the RCA label  by Esteban DeSanlucar, but the memories they rekindled made the CD worth  its price.
0920668372|5.0|This is a great book.  I read some of the reviews that rated the book 1 star. It's one of those - you either love it or hate it kind of books.  I am a VERY sentimental parent and dread my child growing up and leaving  home, so needless to say, I was moved deeply by this book.  I've read it to  my daughter many times and continue to feel emotional every time
0446525537|5.0|I really loved this book! It made me laugh, cry, and everything in between! I recommend this book to anyone with a heart. It took me less than 2 hours total to finish up this book. Read this book!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I really REALLY love this cd.  On most songs the blend of Metallica and the symphony are good.  Occationally it will flip to one side or the other a little too much, but all in all it is a very good blend.  I love how they  re-did the songs (expect for enter sandman, they should just not mess with  a good thing on that one, but hey, it's still a good cd even if i like the  orriginal recording of that song better).  Every Metallica fan is going to  dislike one song on this album becuase they dont like how they re-did it.   The cd is a little lighter (not by a whole lot, but u know they pull back a  little so u can hear the symphony sometimes) but it is still very thudding  when played loudly in my car.  It is wonderful driving muzic, musical and  yet loud, my favoirite kind of driving music.  All in all, i think the  symphony gives the band a whole new dimention and i think this a wonderful  cd and i HIGHLY RECCOMEND it.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I don't quite like this CD as much as &quot;My Own Prison&quot; there debut album.  However if you liked there debut album you will also like this one.  They are very similar...Creed has carved out it's own unique  sound and it's a good one.  For some reason there 1st album seemed to have  something that this one lacks...I can't put my finger on what exactly that  is..but it doesn't hit me as hard as &quot;My Own Prison&quot;...at any  rate if you liked there debut you'll like this one as well!
B000001Y2U|5.0|Brian Warner has beat the odds and strived for exellence. This band has gone from black and back. I am really proud to say I am a true fan of the band . I encourage this band to keep on going and accomplish all there  goals in life. It is hard as it is now in days to be judged by &quot;  Society &quot; and still get what you want from life. Mariliyn Manson's cd  Antichrist Super Star  was a great hit, and I loved it so much!. He really  expresses his feelings threw his music. If people took time and read about  Brian Warner they would really be amazed.  I have read all about Warner and  the band and it is really amazing. So strive for exellence and get the  point threw all of these narrow minded pepole.
6304045840|5.0|I have never been more impressed by a movie, particulary because of some serious alcohol problems of my own. This movie helped me overcome these problems, by reminding me what drinking can do to a person. Not only does  Nicolas Cage brilliantly portray the hopelessness and despair of the  character, he also shows the indifference and selfishness of an alcoholic.  Any one who has seen the movie must have had moments, where Ben looked like  a nice caring guy, only to hear him say something harsh and resentfull  later on. This kind of conduct strikes me as very characteristic of  alcoholics, and because of this exeptionally real approach towards  alcoholism i felt compelled to express my opinion about it. I would like to  know if Nicolas Cage did his acting sober, because if he did, he knows his  job. In my opinion he must have explored exessive drinking at some part in  his preparations, his performance was just too convincing.
B00003IPFK|5.0|While I did not experience the same level of technical problems a previous reviewer did with the quality of the DVD transfer (his may have been defective, based on his description of the problems he is having), this DVD  version represents a huge improvement over the Hallmark 4 hour VHS version  in terms of quality.  About the only problem I noticed was an occasional  audio skip (I counted 2 or 3, I think), nothing however that would prevent  me from purchasing this movie on DVD again.  Any time you have a six hour  story to watch, DVD is the only way to go.<br />The movie is separated in  sections just as it was when shown on TV, with both beginning and ending  credits for each section.  Within each section you have the choice of going  directly to various scenes, so gone are the days of tedious VHS  rewind/fastforward searches.  Anyone who loves this movie should be well  served by the DVD version, provided of course your not expecting  &quot;superior&quot; DVD transfer quality (The DVD image seemed as good as  what I viewed on TV when the series aired years ago). <br />The fact I have  already purchased one copy from Amazon, watched it and am now ordering  several more as gifts for friends, fairly represents my overall  satisfaction with the finished product.
6304045840|5.0|I have never been more impressed by a movie, particulary because of some serious alcohol problems of my own. This movie helped me overcome these problems, by reminding me what drinking can do to a person. Not only does  Nicolas Cage brilliantly portray the hopelessness and despair of the  character, he also shows the indifference and selfishness of an alcoholic.  Any one who has seen the movie must have had moments, where Ben looked like  a nice caring guy, only to hear him say something harsh and resentfull  later on. This kind of conduct strikes me as very characteristic of  alcoholics, and because of this exeptionally real approach towards  alcoholism i felt compelled to express my opinion about it. I would like to  know if Nicolas Cage did his acting sober, because if he did, he knows his  job. In my opinion he must have explored exessive drinking at some part in  his preparations, his performance was just too convincing.
B000002WFF|5.0|This Albums opens up with very soft and pretty love song, &quot;I Just Can't Help Believin&quot;, it is a classic to me of Elvis's career.  Their are magnificient dramatic bring it all down pieces on this album.  They  represent his days singing at Sun Studios, such songs as &quot;How The Web  Was Woven&quot;, &quot;Just Pretend&quot;.  They mixe his singing roots of  Blues and Country.  His live recordings, are his best music coming from  Vegas in 1970,  such songs, as &quot;You've Lost The Lovin' Feeling&quot;,  and &quot;A Bridge over Trouble Water&quot;.  Elvis's version of &quot;A  Bridge Over Trouble Water&quot; is so over powering it puts people that  love music to tears.  I listen to this album almost every day and it is the  best studio live albums of Elvis's later career.
6305364648|4.0|This film is entertaining all the way through, it starts out great, then slows down enough to make us laugh a little then takes of full-speed for it's action-packed finale. Great for die-hard action fans. The best  Cameron-Schwarzenegger movie outside the 'Terminator' flicks. Really worth  your while. Different from the normal action flick, a little different, a  little better. Jamie Lee Curtis is great in this movie and I think  Schwarzenegger gives his best performance here. But this is James Cameron's  movie all the way. From 1-10 I give it a 7.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Everytime I see this film it seems to get better.  I am glad to see that it has been restored.  James Stewart has the perfect woman to take care of him.  I mean what man would not want Grace Kelly taking care of them while  they were layed up.  Yet Stewart is more interested in what his neighbors  are doing.  This always reminds me of the way people today get caught up in  television.  Kelly brings Stewart a meal and wants to drink with him.   Stewart serves a toast to the woman across the way instead.  Come on!  Just  like people today getting emotional over daily soap operas.  Who needs real  life when we have Jerry Springer and Oprah?  I think the message here is  get out and live.  You may end up with Grace Kelly instead of becoming a  lonely neighbor yourself.
B00000DBXL|5.0|this cd changed music forever. cake's moving lyrics and awesome overall sound make them the best band to listen to, whether you like punk, rock, or (ewwwwww) pop or rap. buy this cd!
B00003Q43A|2.0|One of the most ridiculous scenes in movie history is when the Fresh Prince and Jeff (for a change I'll play a scientist in this movie) Goldblum fly into the mother ship totally unabated, connect to the mother ship's  main computer with a laptop (I guess the aliens must have an 800 number to  dial in), download a virus (appearently they don't have Norton Anit-Virus  either), and disable the entire alien fleet.  I have more trouble logging  on to the network at work!  This is only one of a number of glaring holes  in the plot that simply insults your intelligence.  Another example is when  Jeff discovers the countdown that the aliens are broadcasting around the  world to tell them when to attack.  Don't they have clocks in their  spaceships?  Can't they just say, &quot;everyone attack at 3:00&quot;?   Sometimes when you watch a movie, you need to overlook some minor defects  with the story in in order to enjoy the film as a whole, but this movie  just goes too far.<br />Yes, this film has some very good special effect.  And  yes, it does have some good action sequences, but that is not enough to  carry a bad script.  There are films out there like Terminator 2, for  example, that have great special effects and action sequences but also have  good strong scripts.  <br />Demand more from your movies.  Don't settle for  just a few exposions on the screen.
0060254939|4.0|It is a great book!  I am 19 and still enjoy the great illustrations.  It reminds me of my days as a youth when I fantasized about being in total control in a whole different world when my parents sent me off to my room  and I was mad because I was being punished and felt I didn't deserve to be  sent to my room.  I like how Max becomes king and all the monsters are nice  to him, I think that the way the monsters react to Max tells kids that they  don't have to be frightened.  If you're a beginning reader, read it!  If  you're a parent of a young child, read it to them!  The vocabulary is  understanding, and Max's wild imagination is very heartwarming to anyone  who reads it.  If you're my age, just beginning your years as a young  adult, perhaps you could consider writing a book like this.  It's not very  hard, everyone has a little creativity of their own.  Nobody should miss  out on this title, Maurice Sendak has always had great illustrations.  My  father read it to me as a little boy, and I wondered why the last page  saying &quot;and it was still hot.&quot; had no pictures.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I found this CD to be the most Versatile work Alanis Morissete has done.  In the past she has used the harmonica in almost every song.  There was a far wider variety of instruments and style.  All of the music on this CD is  very expresionate.  Alanis is telling more of her life story.  I feel like  it's an evolved extention of Jagged Little Pill.  I know this will be  another one of her CD's that I learn all the words to.
B00000JZC4|3.0|I thought the words were very powerful and his voice went perfectly with the instruments.  I personally loved the different types of drums they had in the background. It gave the song a more hip beat.  The c.d. as a whole  is good but there are a lot of same rythmic pattern (in the voice). I think  he has a sexy voice.
6304711875|4.0|This movie is extremely entertaining and extremely inventive. Filled with so much in-jokes of the horror and slasher genre that it demands multiple viewings to catch all of them. Don't be surprised if this becomes a horror  classic. Much better than it's sequels, 'Scream' is deffinetely worth a  look, it's scary and funny, great for horror fans or people who are looking  for a good scare and a good laugh. From a scale of 1-10 I give it a 7.
B00000255X|3.0|Lots of folks seem to like this record, and that speaks for itself. Hey, good music is good music. However, I think that some Dylan fans will be turned off. First of all, most of the lyrics were co-written with someone  else. For lots of us, a big part of what makes Dylan interesting has to do  with what he has to say and how he says it. <br />Another off-putting thing is  the backup vocals. Dylan's singing is unique and exciting, and the backup  vocals just sort of get in the way. If I had wanted to listen to Emmylou  Harris, I would have bought one of HER albums.<br />However, the main problem  is that, with notable exceptions, there just doesn't seem to be a lot of  emotional content, and this makes &quot;Desire&quot; seem anemic next to  its predecessor, &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot; It comes off as being  more slick than thick. Most of the songs seem unusually impersonal, for  example &quot;Black Diamond Bay&quot; and &quot;Romance in Durango.&quot;  They're fun, but they're not really what I think of when I think of Bob  Dylan. Listening to &quot;Joey&quot; leaves me with a profound feeling of  not caring. <br />All that being said, I have to admit that &quot;Isis&quot;  is one of my favorite Dylan songs and for that alone I would never give up  this record.
6305750750|5.0|Episode I is, quite simply, brilliant.  The performances are good, the storyline is great, the action scenes are unbelievable and the aliens are portrayed beutifully.  Watch this movie for the fun of it, and not keeping  one eye on the New York Times review.  If you watch this movie to enjoy it,  and not critique it, you will see that while Episode I was not great enough  for some, it is still a great movie.  Anyway, so many people went to see  it: don't tell me all these people are wrong.  This will be a classic (like  the others) for years to come.
0679405372|3.0|After completing the incredible Woolf novel &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; I eagerly dived into &quot;To The Lighthouse&quot; expecting similar (if not greater) satisfaction.  Unfortunately, from the very beginning I felt that  the stream of consciousness narration betrayed itself with the excessive  unrealistic &quot;deep&quot; thoughts and ponderings of the lesser  characters.  Sure, we all know Mr. Ramsay is a ponderous metaphysician and  we expect such soul-searching from him - but from all the others as well,  and at all times?  Every character seems to be CONSTANTLY measuring their  self worth and working out a personal philosophy while they go about their  otherwise mundane daily existence.  To be sure, we all have these  &quot;moments of reflection&quot;, but Woolf overdoes it here. I suppose  the critical eminence of the book and its assured position in the canon  still make it a must-read, but I would advise first time readers to reduce  any high expectations concerning the novel's psychological realism.
0684872153|4.0|Credit to you, Frank McCourt, for surviving the desperate childhood described in Angela's Ashes.  I have seen poverty before, but now through you, for a few hours, I've lived it.  You've slapped me in the face and  made me truly appreciate what I have.
B00002ND77|5.0|Why did Denzel miss out on an acadamy award for this film is one great mystery to me. His mannerisms, speech and passion is pure Malcolm. And his likeness to Malcolm is uncanny.<br />A gripping film which is inspirational  and confronts all Americans to the reality of racism during those turbulent  times. A special visit by none other than Nelson Mandella at the end was  surprising and very fitting.<br />This is a classic drama which you will  surely love as much as I did.
6305513406|5.0|If you're someone who likes checking out ST trivia, the DVD versions are much better than the VHS.  When I saw something unusual, I was able to advance the DVD step-by-step and to freeze frame a shot with a clarity that  is beyond most VHS tapes and players.  For example, in &quot;Where No Man  Has Gone Before,&quot; I was able to see that the headstone was carved with  the name James R. Kirk instead of James T. Kirk. I  also thought I saw  Deforest Kelly in the background of the 3-D chess scene, though I'm  probably wrong.  (Take a look at the guy in the blue uniform who's face is  briefly between the top and next level.)  However, while the DVD quality is  better, it has not improved enough to pay to replace ALL of my tapes.  I  will, however, buy the DVD versions of my favorite episodes and those I  don't have yet. As for putting only two episodes on a DVD that could handle  four, I figure it's still cheaper to buy the DVD than it is to buy two  separate tapes.  (Anyway, it isn't like we don't already know that  Paramount is a greedy corporation that seeks to bleed the fans dry.)
B000002P48|5.0|Lynyrd Skynyrd is the king of Southern rock of course. And there is no doubt that Skynyrd's best song (and one of the best songs in the world) is Freebird. Man, if you got this album for Freebird alone it would be worth   it! But this album is filled with classic Skynyrd songs. Tuesday's Gone is  one of my personal favorites. Gimme Three Steps is rather humorous  (&quot;and I'm tellin' you son that it ain't no fun starin' straight down a  forty-four&quot;) Simple Man is beautiful, and Things Goin' On is true to  life. You can't listen to this and not be in a good mood. The only thing  this album is lacking to be the perfect Skynyrd album is Sweet Home  Alabama. But still, a five-star album.
630580706X|5.0|Being John Malkovich is one of the most creative and amusing, yet deep and dramatic movie I have ever seen! It can be described well in one word: Amazing. The acting is oscar-worthy, the script is creative, the  cinematography is beautiful. This movie presented its audience with loads  of humorous science fiction, but deep inside, the heart-chilling message  leaves a thought-provoking scar. Definately one of the best movies of the  year! (and most original) Everyone must see it.
6305750750|1.0|I went into this movie with very low expectations and it could not even fulfill those.  The acting was wooden and amateurish; particularly Jake Lloyd as Anakin who was insufferable to look at on screen (sorry kid!).   The rest of the cast obviously found it very difficult to rise above a  mediocre script with childish dialogue.  The directing and pacing were  uneven and showed Lucas' long time away from the chair.  The vaunted  computer special effects looked as if they were computer special effects,  which did nothing to suspend my disbelief.  Lucas' hackneyed use of cliches  have become extremely tiring, as well as his elitism.  And, yes, Jar Jar  was especially annoying.  The only cool thing was the three-way fight scene  but even that cannot pick the movie up from one star.  I guess Jedi Knights  do not bleed after being hit in the gut with a light saber... how  convenient indeed!  <br />Finally, the lack of a DVD release until 2005 just  shows Lucas' contempt for his audience and his worship of money.  This is  one video to avoid.
B000001G5A|5.0|Ever since I first saw Amadeus 10 years ago, I have been fascinated with Mozart's music. In particular, I have always enjoyed the death mass. It is a both a beautiful and a sobering insight into the human perception of  death. I have heard several recordings of Requiem, and the Karl Bohm  rendition is my favorite. The sound quality is amazing considering the  original recording is from 1971. I have found this to be the case with most  Deutsche Grammophone recordings. I highly recommend this disc.
0395759242|4.0|Hochschild book is an intersting and thought provoking history of one of the darker sides of western history.  It does a brillant job of bringing the horror of Leopold's Congo to the reader.<br />The only criticism is that  the book spends too much time on the European and American protest  movements.  Hochschild readily concedes that the absence of a personal  historical record concerning the genocide is a limitation.  So perhaphs,  the criticism is unfair.  <br />Where the book excells is in painting a  portrait of Leopold.  He truly deserves to be included in the same catagory  as the 20th centuries most evil characters.  Leopold was responsible for  the murder of over 10 million people and Hochschild book finally gives him  the publicity that he deserves.
0156711427|3.0|Forster makes a lot of wonderful points highlighting the relationship between imperial England and India. However, the book is rather slow and boring to read.
0671042858|5.0|I can already hear the arguements of all King fans. Half will say this a great novel the other half will say it is just not scary enough. I am in the first group. Many years ago I lost interest in King's novels. They were  either too complex or bizarre. &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot;  goes back to the primary basics of story telling. This is a true man versus  nature novel, or in this case a little girl versus nature.<br />The novel is  about nine year old Trisha McFarlane who on a hiking trip with her Mother  and Brother, takes a small detour and ends up helplessly lost in the woods.  Trisha must overcome the elements plus her own vivid imagination to survive  her lengthy ordeal. Slowly Trisha learns how to survive and deal with the  fears of what nasty things that lurk the woods. Trisha's only finds comfort  in her walkman, which she can listen to the Boston Red Sox games, and be  with her hero relief pitcher Tom Gordon.<br />The story is well written and  flows so well that it it can be a one night read. As for the lack of  horror, I found that King uses one of the scarist elements out there, a  child's imagination. He takes the &quot;monster under the bed&quot;  syndrome and blows it to gigantic proportions. This can be considered  King's &quot;Call of the Wild&quot; or his &quot;Old Man and the Sea&quot;  Novel. King truly shows he still has his literary juices flowing.
0780628551|3.0|Great premise, although not exactly innovative storytelling. Good acting and great to look at. The storyline wears thin and the ending feels too predicable and easy. Acting quality is very good, which leads me to believe  a little more care with the script and pace could have made this really  good and worth seeing more than once. Entertaining though. It keeps you  watching. Good movie for a Saturday afternoon.
B0000025DD|5.0|Many years after listening to About face was not disapointed by this production.Can listen to it over and over again especially Theres no way out of here.To cut the long story short if you like Pink Floyd buy this cd  you wont regret it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This was the first cd album that I ever bought from Moby. I think this was the best album of 1999. My favorite songs are &quot;my weakness&quot; and &quot;the sky is broken.&quot; When listening, it's like you can feel all  your emotions at once. It's incredible. That's the mark of a good song and  of an album.
0783235968|5.0|This movie is definitely for guys.  But I know a lot of guys who will cry watching this movie including myself.  It's such a wonderful film.  So much symbolism.  I have watched it about 60 times total and still get teary near  the end when Ray is having a catch w/ his father.  Not too much more I can  say about it, but AWESOME!
1573226521|4.0|I've seen the movie, and I've read the book.  I can't lie and tell you it wasn't good, because i enjoyed both versions of it.  The movie was well acted by Leonardo DiCaprio as Richard, and the directing was amazing.  And  of course, the beach in Thailand, the sight was beautiful.  The book had a  lot of detail, but i didn't understand some parts of it, the movie cleared  it all up.  All in all, I recommend you read the book first, then watch the  movie.
0451169514|5.0|King's &quot;It&quot; is the scariest, most horrifying, work of terror. One finds himself checking on sounds outside and turning on all the lights in the house. You will never look at clowns the same way.  King's most  absolute best!
B000008GEF|2.0|\\"All Things Must Pass\\", essentially, was the one George Harrison album full of great moments that were truly great, not merely pleasant as good as it could be.  \\"Living In The Material World\\" is absolutely nowhere near as strong as \\"All Things Must Pass\\".  Actually, on this album, George really  sounds like he's putting a lot of effort into it, but he just doesn't get  anywhere.  He seems to truly want to make a powerful and soulful album, but  he ends up using layered, grandiose arrangements/ production to mask the half-baked  songs.  From a songwriting standpoint, he just sounds like he got too  frustrated to drive the songs home, hence the weak melodies & such that  make up the album.  I think his looser follow-up \\"Dark Horse\\",  & even \\"Extra Texture\\" are  undoubtedly better than this album.  George is very talented, really having  a way with chord progressions and effective melodies. He had so much  potential, which resulted in a lot of enjoyable albums, however he didn't  set his sights too high, which was a blessing and a curse.  The blessing was  although the music was usually slight, it was slight at its best.   \\"Living In The Material World\\" is ambitious with very  disappointing results--it's one of his weakest albums.  This album has no  REALLY solid material.  \\"Give Me Love\\", \\"Sue Me Sue  You Blues\\" & the breezy \\"Don't Let Me Wait Too Long\\" are decent tracks that Harrison fans will most likely enjoy  quite a bit, however, this is overall a really bland, tedious listening  experience.
B00000JCB3|5.0|If your having problem figuring out what cd to buy, buy this one. You won't waste your money. I swear. The coolist songs are: nookie, break stuff, and n 2 gether now. Just get it ok.
B000035Z2L|4.0|I didn't have the good fortune of seeing this movie in the theaters, so I couldn't wait to see the video.  I waited a really long time to see it.  Jokes were ruined, gags became hackneyed after hearing people talk about  them...well, finally I saw it.  I didn't expect it to be funny since I knew  all the jokes, but I was pleasantly surprised.  not only is it a comedy,  but it's also a romantic comedy.  The girls are take-charge...definitely  not the acquiescent type that we usually see in movies geared toward  teenagers.  (They don't mope around about prom...it's mostly-surprise-the  guys who do that)It's a sex comedy, number one, so don't expect any  shortage in that area.  But it's also a story about how the guys (and  girls) develop and find themselves. There are really great messages about  the correlation between love and sex and I'm sure that if guys who watch it  really listen (instead of just watching foreign exchange student Nadia)  they'll &quot;get&quot; what girls have been telling them all along.   There's a sequel in the works and I can't wait to see it- this time in  theaters with friends.
B00002E23H|5.0|Okay, so Saffron Burrows can't act. So what? Who cares! Were you expecting her to do so? I wasn't, and I got exactly the movie I thought it would be, paid to see, was in the mood for and had a great time at. If you didn't  because it was not what you expected, you ought to go to the movies more  and learn to differentiate between brain candy and serious cinema (here's a  tip: see the movie poster first; if it looks cheesy, chances are so is the  picture).<br />By the way, her acting disabilities notwithstanding, I think Ms  Burrows would make the ideal Lara Croft. Think about it, Lynn Stalmaster!
0899666930|5.0|This is the real horror book. The total masterpiece! A triumph! It's just impossible to tell in words or feelings how marvelous this book is. You can feel it only by reading it. FRANKENSTEIN is so great that I read it at  least once every year. That was the first horror book ever written, and the  only one that will remain eternal. Read it and feel why it's so huge and an  enormous reading. Exceptional.
6303481272|5.0|This movie is perfect. It has superb animation that even beats (in my opinion) Akira.  The story is good and there is tons of blood and gore and some nudity.  Need I say more? This movie is the best.
B000002MP2|5.0|I've always been a HUGE Green Day fan- They've been one of my all-time favorite bands ever since I first got into music, back in 93, a year before this great cd came out. Anyway, if you buy one Green Day album this year,  make it this one- It has some awesome songs on it- like Burnout, Longview,  Pulling Teeth, Basket Case, Welcome to Paradise, She, &amp; my favorite,  When I Come Around. No punk rock lover should be without this- Hell, no  punk rock lover should be without all 5 of Green Day's albums!
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|Every time I see this movie I am completely blown away. It has the perfect combination of great actors, great plot, and great special effects. If you have seen this movie on video, then you haven't experienced it on DVD. With  great interactive menus and excellent sound and picture. If you haven't  seen this movie, and you like the Alien, Terminator, and Predator films or  just films with excellent plots and storylines, then see The Matrix. I  can't wait for the sequel.
B000000W5L|5.0|done by Brits.  The reason why some other reviewers give this album such a low rating is because there is no pop whatsoever on it.  BUT, there's gospel, blues, country, and just plain awesome rock.  Not for the casual  music fan, but if you put some time into cultivating an interest in this  album, it easily proves to be the Stones' best.
B000003CKH|5.0|Sure Cake is weird, but they are SO good!  The first couple times I listened to this cd, I thought that it was ok.  But after getting to really know the songs, I love it now.  They songs are catchy and odd.  But it is  the oddity that makes the band, they are not like the cookie cutter bands  out there.  If you watn to hear a band with their own unique sound, buy  this cd!
0783229526|5.0|&quot;Fear &amp; Loathing In Las Vegas&quot; is yet another example of cinematic art from America's most original living filmmaker - Terry Gilliam.  It is admittedly not easy viewing, but that is an accurate  representation of the state of mind of the film's characters.  Gilliam has  always lent his films a flamboyant visual quality and that is perfectly  appropriate for this particular film.  I think that Gilliam has made the  ultimate tripped-out film that Oliver Stone thought that he had made with  &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot;.  The film is certainly over-the-top  visually and performance-wise and has memorable dialogue.  The film uses  narration in an excitingly original way.  Johnny Depp and Benicio del  Toro's performances are so outstanding that the actors seem lost in their  respective roles.  Anyone who has tripped and/or been on a trip to Las  Vegas will appreciate this film.<br />This film should be purchased in the DVD  format since it is presented in the original aspect ratio of 2.35-1 and  because the format accurately presents the film's bold colors and sound  better.  The short documentary on the DVD is an interesting addition (it's  fun to see Gilliam dressed as a shiek while directing in the desert).  The  DVD also includes a few deleted scenes including an introduction to the  film that Gilliam would have used if the Writers Guild of America had not  given him a screenwriting credit.<br />P.S. - I have to agree with fellow  Niagara Falls resident Ryan Butler on this one!
B000046PVN|5.0|This score is the ultimate in movie scores and it fit's perfectly with the best superhero movie ever made, I mean, the minute you hear the theme to this movie you know it's Superman, because it embodies the character  emotionally in every way, now how cool is that! Also if they ever do  another Superman film not having a theme modeled after this one will be a  major mistake. The music has heart and depth which will move you when you  listen to this soundtrack. It has taken many years for the complete  soundtrack to be released and it was well worth the wait. John Williams is  the best and this music proves it. And do I dare say that this theme is  better than Star Wars, I DO!
0790729628|3.0|Why certain critics are so quick to jump on the &quot;director's cut&quot; bandwagon I will never understand.  Some of film's best directors (woody allen, e.g.) would not be nearly so acclaimed without great editors.   PLEASE GIVE US THE STUDIO CUT (preferably both cuts on one disc - this is  what dvd is for)!
B00000K2SD|5.0|Well, honestly, I really didn't want to see this movie one bit, until a friend made me sit down and watch, and am I ever glad he did.  Of course the special effects are amazing, but that isn't what makes a movie.  What  makes a movie is such an intricate and seamless storyline, which this movie  really carries.  It has a strong psychological aspect, which many will  enjoy, not to mention all out action, which all the rest will love.   Overall, one of the most thought provoking and wonderful movies I've seen  in a long time.
B000046PVN|5.0|Been waiting for this for a couple of years now.. Ever since I saw the movie when I was a kid, I've loved this soundtrack - easily one of Williams' best from this &quot;period&quot; of film.  When I heard that  Rhino had gotten the rights to do an expanded soundtrack, I waited with  baited breath as they kept pushing the date back.<br />Now that it's here, all  I can do is recommend to any Williams fan - buy this CD ASAP!  Rhino did a  fabulous job on the packaging and the actual CD itself sounds gorgeous.   &quot;Jonathan's Death&quot; sends chills down my spine each time I hear  the very end...<br />Anyhow, I highly recommend this.
B000002UAO|5.0|It's impossible not to appreciate this album. Even if you don't like the songs on it, you have to remember that if this album did not come out, music would not have evolved much since the 60s. Groundbreaking in every  aspect, and just plain fantastic. An album you can listen to straight  through and enjoy every song. Possibly the Beatles' best, and maybe the  best ever.
B00002613K|5.0|I have to say that I'm terribly biased towards Magnum and I make no apology for that but this is surely one of the truly great albums and must rank alongside Bryan Adams' Reckless, Mac's Rumours and the like. From the  haunting 'Need a Lotta Love' to the powerful title track and the sublime  'Midnight', this album has the lot. If ever a track was a 'headphones on,  volume up and wallow', Midnight is it. 'Midnight' is remixed on Chapter  &amp; Verse but was produced by John Taylor ( Queen ) and you can tell -  the drumming's up and kills the sax. Forget the 'best of' compilation  albums - if you're going to get one Magnum album, get this. I bought this  in '86 and even today, it still has pride of place in a CD collection of  over 750. Get this and you can keep your lottery ticket in it - you'll  always know where it is.
6303282237|5.0|El Cid, along with Lawrence of Arabia, is one of the best films ever made.  Aside from the spectacle, its themes of honor, responsibility and devotion to duty make it a film that can be enjoyed by the entire family.  The score  is one of the best scores ever written for film.  I implore the studio to  release this film on DVD in its original widescreen format.  This is a film  to watch over and over again.
0964385619|2.0|This book is poorly written and has even worse advice.  I will never forgive the friend who highly recommended it!  Actually from looking at the other reviews I must be blind because I am obviously in the minority. I  will say, if this is your FIRST book on money and personal financial  freedom... you probably will do &quot;okay&quot; but if you are a guru to  these kind of books you could do so MUCH better.  I highly recommend The  Millionaire Next Door and Motley Fool's - You Have More Than You Think.  If  you read these and THEN pick up this book you will understand how it pales  in comparison. The author here spends most of his time bragging with no  real advice for the inexperienced.  This is not a &quot;rags to riches  stories&quot; but instead a riches to bragging story.  The goal of this  book is to try and sell you the gimmick of a game at the end. Look  elsewhere FIRST before you buy this personal finance book!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Simply put if you haven't seen &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; go out &amp; rent it, buy it, borrow it, steal it, whatever.  It is without a doubt one of the best comedies out there.  The entire cast play off each other so well,  somebody should have been nominated for an Oscar.  If you can watch the DVD  do it, esecially if you like to find out the behind the scenes stuff.  The  live comentary by Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis is great, lots of little  fun facts &amp; bits of humor  And if you are a fan of Mystery Science  Theater 3000 you can set-up the live comentary with them at the bottom of  the screen just like MST3K.  I highly recomend any fan of the movie to get  the DVD &amp; if you are a fan of comedy I highly recomend this movie.
B00000K19E|2.0|I found this movie rather trite and cannot remember much of it now.  At the time, I thought it was very similar to the Wesley Snipes vampire movie but found that much more entertaining, and Wesley Snipes much more  interesting to watch that Keneau Reeves.
B000046PVN|5.0|John Williams crowning acheivement is finally available complete &amp; remastered for the first time. The sound qaulity, well, it IS great. Considering this is a 20+ year old recording, Rhino, and esp. producers  Nick Redman &amp; Micheal Mattessino, have done a fantastic job. The sound  is much more dynamic, and stellar than the previous Warner Bros.  release<br />The 40+ minutes of additional music is great, there are some real  treats, from the energetic &quot;The Big Rescue&quot;, to the fast paced  &quot;Sonic Greeting&quot;. This album is a treat, an absolute must-have  for everyone who loves great music!
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith is right on track with this hilarious comedy.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damond star as two renegade angels trying to get back into heaven.  Linda Fiorentino is the person chosen to stp the angels.  Alan Rickman is  an angel helping Linda, Chris Rock is the 13th apostle left out the bible,  tagging along are Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  Jason  Lee is Azrael, a demond helping Ben and Matt.  This movie rocks, buy it.
0783229887|1.0|I watched this movie. I thought they lost track on the goal of the movie.they didn't stick to killing to people instead they tried killing each other.I thought the first 3 child's play were better.
0790729342|5.0|Words cannot describe how great this action masterpiece is.  It's the kind of movie you can watch a billion times.  It is so much better than star wars or anything like that.
6304196938|5.0|I sat mesmerized over how one seemingly harmless misque in the opening five minutes can alter the course of a life (The title is a clue.). Cary Grant has the style and chiseled look of Harrison Ford with the surprising  comic timing of Jim Carey  (especially in scenes with &quot;mother&quot;)   Add a screen siren - Eva Marie Saint, a very young Martin Landau  (&quot;Crimes and Misdemeanors&quot;), fantastic technicolour location  shots, and a cropduster scene now studied in film schools, and you have one  film perfect to introduce to a love interest with a home-cooked meal. For  in the world of Hitchcock, what appears in the moment is far from what is  lurking around the bend. A classic in need of a DVD. <br />P.S. - Look for  Hitchcock in his ever-present cameo in the opening sequence, shot near the  Plaza Hotel circa 1959 - a scene (and film) which is masterfully scored by  Bernard Hermann who, incidentally, wrote the score for &quot;Taxi  Driver&quot;.
6305750750|4.0|Welcome back and welcome to a good introduction to a great science fiction series.  Yes, there were mistakes made, namely Jar-Jar, but there were great moments as well.  I enjoyed watching this film with my father, my  son and my daughter.  We all liked it.  I am not going to get all upset  because Jar-Jar was a horrible character.  Sometimes in life, there really  are horrible characters around.  The Death of the two best characters  didn't even upset me.  I won't say who, in case there are a few people left  that don't know the results of the film.  When I spoke to my friends about  the film, we started off by complaining about the bad parts but by the end  of the discussion, we were ready to go and see the movie again.  I could  watch the pod race and the climactic light sabre battle over and over.  This movie may not be the end all of the Star Wars films, but it let us get  a glimpse of the past and introduced us to the characters that will sculpt  the future.  We all want to know: how a young innocent like Anakin will  become the evil and feared Sith Lord - Darth Vader, how will Palpatine make  his domination of the Galaxy a reality, how will C-3PO get off of Tatooine  and get the rest of his skin (not to mention, have his creator seemingly  forget all about him in the future), how will George Lucas get Queen  Amadala into a golden bikini, how will Jar-Jar (hopefully) meet his demise,  where are the Wookies, and will Boba-Fett make an appearance in the next  film.  Well, I would like to see the last one.  I think it is the huge  Star-Wars fans that hate this movie the most, they were unreal in their  expectations.  Heck, I'm not even sure what it was that they wanted!  I  believe that most people will get some enjoyment out of this movie.  It is  at worst, the worst of the Star Wars films and it is at best, a darn good  begining to a wonderfull story.  Try it out!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Those who think &quot;Metallica sold out&quot;, should think again.  With Michael Kamen and the SF Symphony backing them up, Metallica revisits its past, with heavier versions of their most powerful songs like Master of  Puppets, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and the heavier, bass-driven The Call of  Ktulu, etc. Some fans of Kill 'em All and Ride the Lightning, may be  hesitant to accept the new Metallica and their concerned focus on rythm  rather than brute speed and skill.  Kirk Hammet shows that he can still  pick with the best of them on teriffic solos from Battery and Fuel.   Frontman, James Hetfield's voice can sometime wander away and miss a beat  but for the true Metallica fan, Hetfield's rhytm guitar is as precise as  ever, as he puts a new life in &quot;The Outlaw Torn&quot; and &quot;Until  It Sleeps&quot;, both from the album Load. Two new songs, &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot;, are introduced, NLC has an awesome  intro with Hetfield's voice at its best in the album.  -Human, the heavier  one of the new tunes may remind some fans of &quot;The Thing That Should  Not Be&quot;, from Master Of Puppets, courtesy of bassist Jason Newsted  heavy picking. The symphony at times is too loud in the album and  overshadows Metallica's already complete songs, Enter Sandman is  overshadowed by violins and saxophones and can be much better done if this  were to happen in a studio. All in all, if you like Metallica, you'll like  S&amp;M.
B00001ZULV|4.0|This album is very, very good. The only song that isn't that great is &quot;That's All&quot;, but I'll let it pass. &quot;Turn It On Again&quot;, great song! So is Invisible Touch! I love the editing on Mama, it's very  good. Lots of great editing. This is a recommendation for new fans, or for  old. This was the second Genesis album I got, and it turned me on to some  other albums. If Domino was on their it would have been perfect.
0061091669|4.0|I was shocked to read about her childhood and how she was pushed into her first marriage. I've been a huge Marilyn Monroe fan for years and enjoyed learning more about her life. The only thing I didn't like was that the  book kind of &quot;fell apart&quot; at the end. It got a little fuzzy when  the writer was discussing her death.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This album and Revolver are simply the best Beatles albums you can buy. I tend to favor this one more than Revolver though. This album gives you so much variety! Nearly every track is a classic! The others are merely  excellent. There are single songs on this album that cover more musical  ground than most groups do during their entire career! Bottom Line: Buy  It!
0780020685|5.0|On paper, it may be difficult to gather up the effort to see this movie: 3 hours long, Black and white, English subtitles, and filmed over 45 years ago. I too was skeptical.<br />But I bought this movie, and must say that it  is now one of my favorites. It has all the dramatic effects of a  Braveheart: action, plot, romance, humor, but in a classical, less 'bells  and whistles' sense. The movie goes by slower than Braveheart, but I think  that is one of the greatest parts, because the film captures your  attention, and draws your mind in, and does not scare you away with  thundering audio or flashy visual effects.<br />Perhaps what I like the best  is the breadth and depth of characters in this film. The seven samurai each  have their own unique characteristics, including leadership, youth,  discipline, and free-spiritness; together which form a good representation  of society. The farmers too add a good part to the film, as they become  defenders of their town.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Deftones, in my personal opinion, have completely perfected the subtle whisper to blistering scream melodies which are Chino Moreno's trademark. Many try to compare the Deftones to several other bands, but as much as  people try to imitate either through purpose or by accident, few can do  what these guys can do and pull it off with such ease. Take &quot;7  Words&quot;, &quot;Root&quot;, &quot;Bored&quot;, and &quot;Engine #9&quot;  to see the vocal and guitar up and downs that make the Deftones truly in a  class all their own. They tear the roof off anything with lyrics that are  written a little differently, focusing more on the impact of the moment  instead of copping down a story. Trust me, though, you'll be too busy  breaking stuff to even worry about what their really singing about. So all  in all, like it's namesake, &quot;Adrenaline&quot; shoots up the listener's  body, and in a few seconds makes him or her feel like an uncorked bottle of  rage.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Okay,this CD has been number one long enough. I'd hate to say it,but this CD stinks. Santana gets all the credit when it's Rob Thomas,Lauryn Hill,etc. that deserve it. He's needs to give it UP! There are a lot more derserving artists that have more talent that need to be number one. I mean,I like Smooth as much as the next guy,but it's getting old!
0671027344|5.0|by far, THE SINGLE GREATEST BOOK i have ever read... chbosky gets right to the heart of the very things we were never allowed to even mutter to ourselves when we were in high school... feelings of love, masturbation,  drugs, it's all waiting to be discovered for our hero charlie... his  letters are so incredibly real, you cant help but completely understand  where he's coming from... more than anything, this book is just so damned  real that it makes me cry every time i read it... i've now read it three  times and shared it with 6 people after receiving my girlfriend's copy of  the book...
B00000APLB|5.0|This is a great collection for any fan of the &quot;Rolling Stones&quot;. A must have. My favorite pick &quot;Little Red Rooster&quot;. Mick at his best.
0571179924|4.0|i saw the movie before i read the book.the movie was excellent but the book was all right.i love the mafia!
0553260081|5.0|The Bell Jar is one of those books that stays with you forever.  Although teresa is right when she says this is an excellent book, she is wrong about one thing.  Esther, the main character, has a lot more going on in her head  than teresa let's on.  I won't give the plot away, but at the end of the  book, the reader walks away still disturbed.  She knows that Esther isnt  better, and probably will never be.  Sylvia Plath, the author, writes an  autobiography here, which has been proven. She herself did not get better,  and committed suicide later on in life.  This book is a haunting protrayl  of mental illness, and is a must-read for all young women.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I loved this movie! It was so funny and yet so romantic. I think everyone should see it and own it. Julia did a great job in this movie.
B000002W5J|5.0|Well I was there and have to admit that I only bought this album 33 years later.  Listen to the Amazon sound clips.  Either they get you there or they wont at all.  If they get you, also try Dragonfly and Freedom at Point  Zero.  The music certainly takes me back to 1966 when I first heard JA do a  White Levi's commercial before they ever had White Rabbit airtime.   Somebody to Love took me to SF for the Summer of Love.  Although I paid  passing attention to all their airplay throughout the following years, it  wasn't until I heard Stranger from Modern Times last year that I realized  there was a lot more to Jefferson Airplane than even the Classic Rock  stations would admit.  As for digitally remastered CD's, Who Cares?  JA  never tried to compete in the world of stereo separation, like all the  British bands that followed.  I think JA still doesn't know what the other  39 tracks on the studio recorder were for.  But that doesn't mean they  aren't great, and certainly deserve their place as pioneers in the 60's  revolution.
B000002W5J|5.0|Well I was there and have to admit that I only bought this album 33 years later.  Listen to the Amazon sound clips.  Either they get you there or they wont at all.  If they get you, also try Dragonfly and Freedom at Point  Zero.  The music certainly takes me back to 1966 when I first heard JA do a  White Levi's commercial before they ever had White Rabbit airtime.   Somebody to Love took me to SF for the Summer of Love.  Although I paid  passing attention to all their airplay throughout the following years, it  wasn't until I heard Stranger from Modern Times last year that I realized  there was a lot more to Jefferson Airplane than even the Classic Rock  stations would admit.  As for digitally remastered CD's, Who Cares?  JA  never tried to compete in the world of stereo separation, like all the  British bands that followed.  I think JA still doesn't know what the other  39 tracks on the studio recorder were for.  But that doesn't mean they  aren't great, and certainly deserve their place as pioneers in the 60's  revolution.
B00000I07P|5.0|I'm 27. I love the 80's hair metal scene. I like this CD a lot. My favorites are:<br />1) Wanted Dead or Alive (best song they ever did) 2) Livin' on a Prayer (excellent) 3) Never Say Goodbye (very good) 4) I'd Die  For You (cool) 5) You Give Love A Bad Name (kicks serious booty)<br />Please  pick up this CD. E-mail me at: hairmetal80@mail.com
B00000K19E|5.0|I was blown away when I saw this movie in the theaters.  Now I get blown away everyday by it.  This should come with all DVD players.  The visual effects are amazing, the fight scenes are well coordinated, and the sound  is surreal.  Unfortunately it's only in widescreen which may be annoying to  those with smaller tv's but it still is amazing.  The plot is very  complicated so don't miss a clip!
B00000I07P|5.0|I'm 27. I love the 80's hair metal scene. I like this CD a lot. My favorites are:<br />1) Wanted Dead or Alive (best song they ever did) 2) Livin' on a Prayer (excellent) 3) Never Say Goodbye (very good) 4) Social  Disease (cool) 5) You Give Love A Bad Name (kicks serious booty)<br />Please  pick up this CD. E-mail me at: hairmetal80@mail.com
6305363668|3.0|I unfortunately haven't had the privelage of seeing the original version, but I did pick up the DVD Director's Cut, which i'd be embarrased to attach my name to.  The movie drags out and the &quot;ruthless enemy&quot; seems  to have a kind heart.  The ending leaves you puzzled and instead of wanting  more you are relieved that it's over.  Despite that, the effects for the  year of this picture are fantastic and the picture quality is dazzling.   It's probably the most realistic possible outcome in a sci-fi film of Los  Angeles that I have seen.  All I can say is rent before you buy.  I wish I  did.
B000002H6C|5.0|The Elegy: the swansong of Metallica. Every song written after this album is irrelevant in the history of Metallica. The MUSIC on this album (despite the bad production) is among the finest Metallica has ever created.<br />but a  sad cloud hangs over this album because the fans know the Metallica is  about to die.<br />because these are some of the best songs Metallica has  ever created, (to live is to die, one, eye of the beholder) this is an  important album in the history of heavy metal.<br />any true fan of metallica  understands the significance of this album. and we know,  unfortunately,  what happens to Metallica after this recording. tragedy indeed.<br />R.I.P.  METALLICA 1981 - 1988.
B000002N2P|5.0|This CD is kicking mad flava baby!  it rocks!  I can't get enough of it!  It's unbeatable!  Uh ScRaMbLeD eGgS!  ShweeeeeeT CD yo homey G! Now it's upta you to buy it! buy it! buy it you sick beast!  AGH!  My assh ish  on fire!  Not the chainshaw Brucey!
B000044U4B|5.0|razor-sharp riffs, total metal assault, cuts to the bone. absolute precision. one of the best albums of the 80's.
0780626478|5.0|A fine, entertaining, funny, cute movie. All the characters are great. Alicia Silverstone's timely facial expressions are terrific to watch. There's a lot going on in this movie... lots of subtleties and hidden  messages, which makes it even more fun... you see something new every time  you watch it. One of the neatest movies I've seen in many years.
6301955595|5.0|Alejandro Jodorowosky has been making films since the 1960s.Though he has made only a handful of films(7 in all),given the quality of &quot;Santa Sangre&quot;,a visionary and haunting work,one wishes he was more  prolific.It is not possible to describe &quot;Santa Sangre&quot; with due  justice within such a small review;the only succinct way of describing  it:it as if Pedro Calderon had written &quot;Psycho&quot;,or that Alfred  Hitchcock had directed &quot;La Vida es Sueno&quot;.Influenced by Freudian  and Jungian psychoanalysis,the mordant satire and wit of Luis Bunuel and  the beautiful baroque pageantry of Fellini,&quot;Santa Sangre&quot; tells  the story of a reluctant serial killer(!) controlled by his dominating and  insane mother and details his struggle to be liberated from her.The mother  worships an imaginary saint,whose hagiography and devotion entails  repression,guilt and false self-sacrifice.The son's attempt to attain  romantic and sexual normalcy achieves(surprisingly,given the subject  matter)much pathos.The ending is transcendent and the film contains many  memorable images.Despite the criticisms leveled against the film's  violence,&quot;Santa Sangre&quot; is not gory-it artfully suggests rather  than explicates.However,if your idea of cinematic excellence are movies  like:&quot;The Towering Inferno&quot;,&quot;Terms of Endearment&quot; or  &quot;Ghost&quot;-then probably this film is not for you.However,if films  like:&quot;The Exterminating Angel&quot;,Satyricon&quot;,The Devils&quot;  and &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; are for you compelling and important works of  art,then &quot;Santa Sangre&quot; is definitely to be experienced.
B000031WD9|4.0|That movie is a very good movie, because give you back to the school, and make you remember, is very funny, and show you not only that age where you only want to have sex, and you dont want to be the only one that graduate  virgin, show you too different style of life, and that every guy found his  girl in different ways, is funny very funny, and sometime is only the true,  that type of thing that happens, but well, is a good Film, not perfect but  si good. Talking about the DVD, is very good, has a lot of extra features  for DVD and DVD ROM, if you want a Funny movie for see with your friends,  then buy this, because when the movie finis you have a lot stuff to  continue viewing, like deleted scenes and others, good film.
B0000009RX|5.0|This is probably the most inventive Zappa album ever [alongside Lumpy Gravy &amp; Weasels], &amp; certainly has among the best lyrics. To be honest I haven't even heard Pepper's in its entirety so I can't compare  that but I think side 2 of Abbey road w/ everything seguing into each other  might be influenced by this, apparently that was 1 reason why it wouldn't  get airplay, because Djs couldn't find where the tracks begin or end, I  like the album more because of that. The 1st song I heard off this was Who  Needs the Peace Corps? &amp; it is a very catchy &amp; amusing song/spiel,  along similar lines is Mother People [the lyrics are actually &quot;we are  the other people, you're the other people too&quot;], everyone &amp; anyone  can be mocked w/ good results. I like how before the song Absolutely Free  [title of the previous lp, coincidentally the same thing happened w/  contemparies Captain Beefheart &amp; his Magic Band having the Safe As Milk  album followed by a song of the same name on Strictly Personal around the  same time as this, they also mocked the Beatles on Beatle Bones &amp;  Smokin' Stones from the same lp], &quot;the 1st word in this song is  discorporate, it means to leave yr body&quot;, educational value is  abundant on this album. Harry You're A Beast is highly amusing too. An  surfy instrumental version of Take Yr Clothes Off When you Dance appears on  partner lp Lumpy gravy [phase 1 &amp; 2 of each other]. The remark about  people always giving 5 stars is sort of true but this 1 deserves it I  believe, also we like to review what we like &amp; know, I haven't reviewed  Bryan Adams yet for example. Anyway the Mothers of Invention were a  brilliant band [or should that be multiple bands?] &amp; it annoys me when  rereleases are always just filed under Z/Zappa, there should @ least be a  bookmark thing under M in record stores. Enough 'hot poop' from me.
B000000XCA|4.0|&quot;Give me a year and I'll show you what we can do&quot;, declared John Fogerty.  With BAYOU COUNTRY he proved he wasn't just blowing steam.  &quot;Proud Mary&quot; has the distinction of being THE song that put CCR  &quot;on the map&quot;, Bob Dylan said it was HIS favorite song-- and my  Dad, a part-time musician, got sick of getting REQUESTS to play it!  (Many,  MANY years later, he finally started to LIKE it.)  Also here is &quot;Born  On The Bayou&quot;, the unforgettable album opener that to this day Fogerty  opens his live shows with.  (Hard to believe it was issued as a  &quot;B&quot; side! )  And there's a rousing cover of Little Richard's  &quot;Good Golly Miss Molly&quot; where CCR makes it their own!  The album  closes with the lengthy &quot;Keep On Chooglin'&quot;, which, until  &quot;Travelin' Band&quot;, had been CCR's show-closer as well.  As an  album overall, I actually like their debut more than this one-- but it's a  close call.  (Now, um-- what exactly IS &quot;chooglin'&quot;, anyhow?)
B000007T1M|4.0|The creativity of System of a Down is best shown in their song &quot;Sugar.&quot;  The song is a loud, amazing collection of feelings of stress, wanting a way out, and grief.  I've never heard a song that lets  you vent a bad mood so well (with the execption of Limp Bizkit's  &quot;Nobody Loves Me&quot; off of their album &quot;Three Dollar Bill  Y'all$&quot;)  The other songs are just as good.  If your a fan of the  genre, then this CD is a must have.
B000000XCD|5.0|&quot;Bad Moon Rising&quot; has long been my favorite CCR song; I still recall how its appearance in the COMING ATTRACTIONS for &quot;American Werewolf In London&quot; practically evoked a standing ovation in a movie  theatre in '81 (which was cool, but started a really bad trend in  advertising).  Anyway, GREEN RIVER is just packed with great songs,  including &quot;Commotion&quot;, &quot;Wrote A Song For Everyone&quot;,  &quot;Lodi&quot; (another personal fave of mine), &quot;The Night Time Is  The Right Time&quot; and &quot;Green River&quot;.  Fogerty stands in FRONT  of his bandmates on the cover; no wonder, as besides producing &amp;  singing lead he wrote 8 of the 9 songs here!  Many have been inspired by  his songs;  for some strange fun, check out the cover of &quot;Sinister  Purpose&quot; by Zacherle and Southern Culture On The Skids on the  HALLOWEEN HOOTENANNY album!
B00003CXBK|5.0|For all of you that don't like animes, and grew up on Disney and Warner Bros, I understand you don't understand why all the fuss about this movie is necessary. But trust me guys, this movie deserves all of it. This anime  will blow you a way in every respects. Being an anime fan and have seen  many animes in my life (more than 500 different shows, series, and movies),  and have seen all of Miyazaki's films, I was a little bit skeptical on how  this film will beat all the past wonderful films. But all my doubts was  blown away when I saw just the first five minutes of the film. This film  will make you fall in love with animes, or at least Miyazaki's films. Once  in a while, you'll come across a movie that touch your heart and move you  in such way that only enlightenment and silent emotions are express.  Mononoke Hime is one of them. This is a groundbreaking motion picture event  that was composed in unthinkable depths. This film was executed with  perfection: the plot, scores, cinematography, characters, everything.   I  have seen this films more times than any body should have, and I am still  amaze everytime I see this film. If you'll only buy one anime, this is it.  you have to buy this film. NOW!
B000000XCF|5.0|&quot;Down On The Corner&quot; may be my 2nd-favorite CCR song; it always reminds me of my own neighborhood (BEFORE it went bad!) as well as the one seen on the FAT ALBERT cartoons.  Talk about painting an image with words!   And THAT'S only the beginning here.  One great tune after another!   &quot;It Came Out Of the Sky&quot;, &quot;Feelin' Blue&quot;,  &quot;Fortunate Son&quot; (a powerful anti-Viet Nam rocker that's become  Fogerty's pre-encore finale); and 2 of the best covers CCR ever did,  Leadbelly's &quot;Cotton Fields&quot; (this blows BUCK OWENS' version out  of the water!) and the folk standard, &quot;The Midnight Special&quot;.   They really make this one their own; the arrangement paints a musical image  of a train starting out of a station and getting up to speed as the song's  tempo picks up.  WOW!  (This is also the song that inspired me to take my  Dad to see Fogerty live in '97; a longtime LIMELITERS fan, he surprised me  when he said he thought CCR's version was better than theirs!)  With 3  albums in 1969 (Jan., Aug. &amp; this one in Nov.) Fogerty was clearly  working overtime-- but he wasn't done yet...!
B00004RFFL|1.0|This movie has it all:  bad writing, poor acting and cheap production.  I watched, because Johnny Depp has usually been in good movies.  This was a mistake for him, and a mistake for me to watch.  The writing was so flawed,  it is hard to comment on it's inadequacies.  It wasn't like there was a few  missing links or non-sensical scenes; there seemed to be no attempt at  coherency.
B000002KNU|4.0|I like this album a lot.  The songs are smart and revolve around themes the Talking Heads are known for--love and paranoia in our strange modern world.  &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; is a masterpiece, of course.  &quot;Don't  Worry About The Government&quot; also stands out as damn good.
6305364613|4.0|I usually skip Shakespeare films, with all the elegant costumes and language, I find it extremely hard to relate to. However, with Baz Luhrmann's Romeo &amp; Juliet, I was able to make a connection that fueled  my love for the play. The leads are at their best, DiCaprio's best film (he  showed little emotion in Titanic compared to this animated role), and a  breakthrough for Daines. The scenery is beautiful as well as the score. The  supporting roles all excel although some seen to struggle with the  language. A great way to bring the Bard to intolerant students who hear  Shakespeare and fall asleep in class. Hopefully, other studio heads will  follow this lead and make more modernized versions of Shakespeare's great  plays.
B0000047CX|5.0|How many albums can boast a line-up as amazing as Getz, Gilberto (both Joao and Astrud), and Jobim? Add in the fact that EVERY song is a keeper, and you have a truly amazing set. Stan Getz, possessor of the most  beautiful tone in jazz (sorry, Johnny Hodges), is hard to top. His playing  evokes several emotions while staying true to the music at all times. Joao  Gilberto's guitar playing and singing were extremely influential, and his  wife became a star with her effortless vocals on &quot;Girl from  Ipanema&quot; and &quot;Corcovado.&quot; Jobim's sparse piano enhances the  atmosphere of the album, and Tommy Williams and Milton Banana provide  flawless rhythmic support. How can you NOT love this album? Highly  recommended to all music lovers.
6304078145|5.0|It does get funnier as it goes but the third story is by far the funniest(&quot;The Misbehavers&quot;). I have never seen anything that has made me laugh out loud everytime I see it,except maybe  &quot;Dumb+Dumber&quot; or &quot;Something About Mary&quot;. So,simply  put,if your young enough to enjoy stupid humor(with a dark twist) you'll  love this movie.
0380973464|5.0|This book is a fabulous example of top notch sci-fi that is firmly grounded in reality.  Some of the other reviewers have complained about both the length of the book and the level of technical description in it.  To them I shall say this; if you have problems reading long books don't try  to read them, and if technical reality bothers you and you don't like  things to be fully explained try some Heinlein and stay away from real  sci-fi. But to everyone else this is a great book and well worth the read.
B000005H40|5.0|I'm a 16-year old hip-hop head who's just begun to love jazz. Everytime I listen to John Coltrane's music I feel inspiration. When I get home from a long day at school I put &quot;Blue Train&quot; in my CD-player. Listening  to it clears my mind. John Coltrane truly was one of the greatest musicians  of all-time, and &quot;Blue Train&quot; truly deserves the title  &quot;classic&quot;. Jazz is not very popular among young people today, but  everyone who says that jazz sucks should do like me and listen to this  masterpiece. It surely will change their opinion on this wonderful genre.
6305426651|5.0|Roberto Benigni's story of a father's attempt to shield his son from the horrors of the Holocaust through the use of humor and wit seems almost unbelievable at first.  But the layering of the story, from the first  meeting between Roberto's character and his &quot;princhesa&quot; to the  movie's final frames will leave you awestruck at its complexity.  Benigni  never discounts the suffering of the Jews during that terrible period of  human history.  He uses enough tension that one can only imagine the depths  to which the victims went through to keep their sanity.  However, there are  plenty of scenes that you will laugh out loud and such an ending as to make  you weep. You will never forget this picture- it is truly enjoyable for  both men and women.  Buy it!
0515123447|4.0|Thought Jack Reacher was a wonderful protagonist. Plot offered great entertainment and allowed one to indulge in a well crafted conspiracy theory. Saw a review that compared Reacher to Stephen Hunter's Bob Lee  Swagger. I cannot go that far, but I may upgrade Reacher when I read the  rest of the series. I did not find the violence offputting, after a number  of the reader reviews spoke negatively of those scenes. To me they were  pretty much brief passages except for the Sam Peckinpahlike slow motion  sequence of the final fight. While many bad guys were eliminated, their  demises were pretty much, &quot;I was here, they were there, they had these  weapons, I had these weapons, I had to accomplish this in this  manner.&quot; Then he does it. The characters, the howdoneit and the  intrigue occupy the great majority of the book...and they are first rate. I  look forward to more Jack Reacher.
0312199066|5.0|If you have an interest in the space program this is the book for you.  Not only does Capt. Cernan take you through one exciting adventure after another he also gives you unique insights into what was going on behind the  scenes and what he was thinking as these historic events (which he was  often involved in) took place.  A fantastic  reminder of what it was like  when nations were in the midst of a white hot cold war.  Gene also gives us  a view into the personal rewards and the personal price paid to be a true  American Hero.  You will have trouble putting it down.  The terror of the  space walk will give you cold chills. Enjoy!
6304493681|5.0|This movie was one of the greatest animes ever. it starts off very weird, but as it progresses, you begin to understand what goes on. get this movie if you are an anime fan, anime fan wannabe, or a manga comic fan.
B00001ODHF|5.0|WOW!   This movie is without a doubt the best movie I have ever seen.  Ash &quot;THE MAN&quot;, played by Bruce Campbell, steals the show as he uses sheer toughness, unique fighting techniques, and savy pillow talking,  to combat evil and of course, work the ladies.  Ash a simple hardware store  clerk, sneaks his way out into the country to an abandoned cabin.  While  trying to score on his babe Linda, Ash finds himself suddenly shot back  through time by an evil awaked in the forest.  Captured by Medeval locals,  through skill and cunningness Ash is eventually proven to be the  &quot;chosen one&quot; who must lead these simple people against the evil  army of the dead.  Director Sam Raimi brilliantly turns this story line  into sheer comedy using exciting and commical action scenes coupled with  over 50 of the best &quot;One liners&quot; ever heard on screen.  I can not  even begin to give this movie justice by attempting to put into writing all  that it has to offer.  I can only portray my humble opinion and advice.   One must watch this movie more than once as it gets better every time you  see it.  The full effect of its clever hillarity does not even maximize  until about the third viewing of the movie.  With these words of wisdom I  can only encourage you to rush out, grab the nearest copy you can find, and  enjoy the ride.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing by heart is one of the most romantic movies I have seen, and I have seen a lot. It's perfectly organized and intuitively acted. Charming and witty and everything you want in a romantic comedy. So many witty  phrases, that you may even catch yourself qouting it.
6302413931|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola's ground breaking vietnam epic has engrained itself in American culture for many reasons. One is the incredible cinematography that infuses a surreal, dreamy quality that takes the viewer through a  mystical time period of hatred, madness, insanity, thought-provoking  wonder. The story follows Martin Sheen. who has been sent to find the  insane Colonial Kurtz and &quot;terminate him, with extreme  predujice&quot;. The moment the film opens with the sound of helicopter  blades buzzing in the backround and &quot;THe End&quot;(music by the DOORS)  playing wimsically, the audience knows they are in for a journey. Sheen and  a group of other recruits are sent up the Nung river into Cambodia to find  Kurtz. Only Sheen knows of the missions deadly ending. As they make their  way into cambodia, Sheen begins to identify with Kurtz's unexpected yet  suddenly reasonable course to insanity. The pilgramage that Sheen makes  leads him to a symbolic, haunting, emotionally tugging finale that, while  somewhat too cerebral makes for a chilling end and reality. Look for an  oscar nominated performance by Robert Duvall and his now infamous  &quot;Ride of the Valkyries&quot; scene. THe widescreem format especially  livens this encounter. This film was nominated for best picture, won two  academy awards and was ranked #29 on the AFI's top 100 list.
0380796090|5.0|I just loved this book. While I enjoyed &quot;Bridget Jones Diary&quot; and the like, I had a lot more fun with Keyes style of writing. Like several other reviewers, I could not put the book down. I found myself  rushing home on a Friday night to finish it! (And for me...that's HUGE!) I  especially enjoyed the receipe for a date! Hysterical! I've already passed  it along to a friend and I highly recommend it to you.
B00000AFGM|5.0|it took time to absorb the &quot;noise&quot; factor...   The second time around it was   clear that Marilyn Manson's music had infected me :). I think  ~  Antichrist Superstar &amp; Mechanical Animals~  are both Great in  their own worlds.<br />A~ must have. Get it!
0385493800|5.0|I have read many of John Grishams books and this is the best one that i have read. With a very compelling story it lures you to read the whole thing and not want to put it down.
6303593666|5.0|Many people assume that Nazism somehow illegally took power in Germany during the 1930s. This masterpiece, the greatest propaganda film ever made, utterly destroys that notion. The hypnotic and euphoric hold that National Socialism, and in particular the charismatic nature of Hitler himself, held over the German people is blazingly illustrated by Riefenstahl (herself, a groundbreaking pioneer for female filmakers). Pay particular attention to the speeches, both large and small. Notice the reaction of the people and compare that to a modern day rock concert. There is virtually no difference.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Here I am in my sell-out car, sweet stereo, spinning along Mulholland, playing London Calling. Oh those first delicious jolts. Joe Strummer's coyote howl: ow ow ow ow owwww! We saw them a bunch of times when they came  through LA, Joe skanking on the monitors. This record is that dreamtime,  when bands mattered, when what we believed and thought mattered. I was in  Borders the other day when a homeless guy put on the headphones and played  London Calling 8 times in a row--he remembers too, I guess. There's never  been anything else like it.
B000002B35|5.0|I consider this album a revision of Delicate Sound (which was pretty good in itself), and this is even better. Especially &quot;Sorrow&quot; they finally got right after three tries-- this one is stunning, nothing short  of catatonic. The updated guitar solo in &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; is  also quite diverting. All the Division Bell songs are much better than the  studio versions, and DSOTM is certainly overdue for some new attention  after 22-odd years. On the negative side, Astronomy Domine was a little  flaccid, out-of-place; and I missed &quot;On the Turning Away&quot;. Manage  to ignore the idiotic little red blinker.
0684872153|1.0|I can't believe all the fuss and accolades about this book.  To me, it's a load of whiny self-pitying tripe.  Intolerable.<br />1 star is too much for this book.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is definitly my favorite Smashing Pumpkins CD. I hardly ever listen to Melon Collie that much but I listen to Siamese Dream every day. The songs can be very beautiful and dreamy and also  very hard and fast.  Siamese Dream is one of the best albums of the 90s and I recommend it to  anyone who likes alternative music or just great music in general.
B000000LZV|5.0|Finally bought a Minuteman CD. Never got them when they came out because Watt would always hand us a tape--and plus we saw them a million times and somehow their music got engraved on my DNA. This is nothing like seeing  them live, NOTHING. But still great. You don't see George Hurley flopping  his 'do, a different blue or red or blonde every week. You don't see Mike  bopping. You don't see D in his cut off khakis quivering. 1!-2!-3!-4! the  song's over and then another and another. What a troika. This CD doesn't  capture that but nothing will.
6300214753|3.0|I feel that Matthew Broderick did his best work in this film.it was cooler at the time.this film hasn't aged all that well.it was a 80's piece that was solid then but has faded now.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Alas, this was not the late, great Stanley's best movie. It only falls short of risable by a narrow margin. &quot;An intelligent analysis of human sexuality&quot;?..2hrs of pretentious psycho-babble which was so  mind-numbing as to hardly be believed....but then again I've seen Dr.  Strangelove...
630575067X|2.0|I've never been what one would call a Star Wars fan. Even so, I thoroughly enjoyed Episodes 4, 5 and 6. However, I didn't garner much enjoyment from Episode 1. I was definitely wowed by the cutting-edge special effects, but  special effects can't make up for poorly-crafted story and boring  characters. The story mostly centered around politics and things of that  nature. If I want to watch politics, I'll turn on the news.<br />One word can  be used to describe the majority of the characters in Episode 1: wooden.  Most of the characters were so rigid and monotone that I wouldn't have been  surprised if by the end of the movie they had all been revealed to be  robots.<br />Jar Jar Binks was the only lively character in the whole bunch,  and it's a pity that such a lively personality was wasted on such an  annoying character. Jar Jar was obviously made to appeal to the kids, and  that's probably the only widespread audience he appeals  to.<br />Unfortunately, there was no Han Solo-ish character to breathe some  much-needed life into Episode 1. Without characters that the audience can  care about and without even a vaguely interesting plot, Episode 1 is, in my  opinion, the worst of the Star Wars films to date. The only reason I gave  it 2 stars is that it has awesome special effects and some fairly good  action. Hopefully, Mr. Lucas will learn from his mistakes in Episode 1 and  will make Episodes 2 and 3 into films which will have significantly more  substance.
6301174240|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was a kid and was dazzled by it.  My brother and I idolized Michael Jackson.  Now that I'm fifteen, I still watch this movie over and over.  Michael had done some things in the past that most of  us did not like, but you have to have respect for him.  This movie is truly  wonderful.  You'll be dazzled by the choreography and will love the music.   Michael Jackson Moonwalker is still one of the best movies I've seen.
B0000203YT|1.0|you would think that people&amp;the Oscars would have gotten enough of this same type of film? TiTanic,BraveHeart etc.. 17,18,19 century History that has been done far to much.Joseph Fiennes is a good actor and the  overrated Gwyneth Paltrow does a pretty good job here but this film has  been done many,many,many times over.you know it's Oscar time and the powers  that be say it's time for The Gone With The WInd film.long&amp;drawn  out.all you ever get glorifed is EUROPEAN History in HOllywood.what about  other Cultures?
6305750750|2.0|Ooh, look, there plummets my helpfulness rating.<br />Anyway, this film is pitiful. Several reviewers below remarked that this is the best Star Wars film because it had the action the other three did not. If half ofthe nation takes Star Wars (the originals) as a very slow action film, I will  shoot myself. SW:PM would be a smash action hit were it released under the  title of &quot;Super Galaxy Battle Delux&quot;.<br />The plot is near  non-existent. Here is the plot: taxes are killing planet Naboo. The queen  of the planet takes off to the Galactic Senate to lobby for tax drops. She  travels back and destroys the invading armies. Happy ending  sequence.<br />Visuals in this film are the best yet. They are dimensional,  atmospheric, and they perfectly portray whatever you are currently  watching. To be exact, they perfectly underline the fact that there is no  substance to this film. Instead of good acting, mysticism, numerous  planets, romance, adventure in otherworldly environs, and some sort of  inspiring lesson, we get:<br />a) Jar Jar - I believe that he plays the role  of Yoda in this film. He has a similar accent and his role is played for  gags and slapstick jokes. I'm not saying that Yoda was all-humor, but,  agree, how many of us DIDN'T smile at Yoda's incessant backwards talk?<br />b)  storyline - a brave queen battles taxes!  A worse story could have spewed  from the PowerBook of Hollywood's stupidest hack! <br />c) insight into the  Star Wars universe - we get lots of names for their stupid devices. No  legends, no tales, just useless factoids. Oh, yes, we learn that the Force  is the collective action of microbes. [cough, cough] I am a Jedi!  [ cough,  cough] Bow down before me! <br />d) action - well, this is the touchy area  where the Star Wars pseudo-fans went nuts. How about this - the action was  horrid!  The Scarab Droids looked menacing, but I have seen the exactly  same creatures  - guess where - the Dark Crystal!  They look exactly the  same,only here they represent no threat whatsoever!  The Great Final  Battle? That was so off-the-wall!  I believe that some other  characters were more proficient in the use of the Force than Obi Wan, but  even they did not perform such ludicrous feats!  The super-merchandised pod  race? The part when Sebulba crashes is the only fun part, and even that  because of the spectacularity with which the thing explodes! <br />This is not  Star Wars. This is bad action coupled with no substance. Were George Lucas  dead, he would be turning over in his grave.
B00000K0EA|5.0|Pierce Brosnan has really breathed life into James Bond once again. Tomorrow Never Dies is one of the best Bond films to come out in a while. The action and story are absorbing from start to end. I can wait to get  &quot;The World Is Not Enough&quot; on DVD. Cheers to Brosnan!
B000002JEV|5.0|These two CD's are a better representation of Led Zeppelin's live power than the Soundtrack to The Song Remains The Same.  The first half of the first disc contains selections from several short BBC Sessions (comparable  to the sessions that comprise the BBC releases of The Beatles, The Who, The  Yardbirds, and Jimi Hendrix.)  The second half of the first disc and the  entire second disc, however, consist of two long concerts performed for the  BBC, which seem to be peculiar to Led Zeppelin.  These are what make this  CD set stand out from those of their contemporaries.  The lengthy concerts  (both over an hour long) allowed Led Zeppelin to improvise and expand their  songs and surpass the typical 3 minute song length desired by the BBC  suits.  As a result, these performances are a real treat.  These extended  live performances complement their corresponding studio tracks perfectly,  and demonstrate the amazing abilities of all 4 band members.  My only  complaint is that this release should have been 3 CD's long.  The two  concerts described above are sadly abridged.  Dazed and Confused and White  Summer are missing from the first concert, and What Is And What Should  Never Be, Communication Breakdown, and the unabridged Whole Lotta Love  Medley are missing from the second.  In addition, many additional Radio and  TV performances from other dates are missing from the first disc.  Of  course, we have been waiting 25 years for this release, so I guess I  shouldn't complain.  Anyway, order this set today.  It is as essential as  Led Zeppelin's great Studio performances.
0792140346|2.0|back during The OJ trial everybody for awhile had a Lawyer&amp;Client type of movie out during that time period.and like the rest of them it was full of Cliches.and Richard Gere's Role is no different.only Edward Norton's  role is worth seeing the film.the rest is very Predictable.
B000001EC1|5.0|An excellent CD that transcends the generations. Jon Bon Jovi's mellifluous voice, coupled with lyrics that are very true to life, makes this album one of the best to come out of the decade. The lyrics give the  audience somewhat of an insight into the lives and emotions of the most  consistent rock group of the century. Ideally, his should have been a  double CD, as there are some outstanding songs, such as&quot;Living in  Sin&quot;, that have be omitted. Nevertheless, a joy to listen to.
0446607274|5.0|Another Harry Bosch novel involves us in this unusual detective who manages to perserve his essential goodness despite everything the author, Michael Connelly, can throw at him.  In this novel it includes a bored  wife, bad cops, horrible crimes and even greater temptations.  Bosch rises  above all and we rush to finsh, turning pages with frantic energy.   Dialogue is sharp and the pace is great.  Very satisfying.
6304083769|5.0|Ghost in the Shell is one of the best anime films of all time.  Based on the original manga of cyber-punk Masamune Shiro, this film goes far and beyond what it takes to make an excellent film.  The animation is superb,  with only a few minor flaws in a few scenes.  The story is fantastic and  has the ability to question wither or not inhuman objects can have a soul.   The music is interesting and draws you into the story more than most anime  titles do.  Finally, even the dubbing is good.  This is one title that I  wouldn't mind having dubbed, and I only say this because the original cast  seems to be a little mechanical than their american counterparts.  Overall,  this is one film that older (and I stress OLDER) audiences can enjoy on  different levels.
6303257844|4.0|Forget that Keanu Reeves&amp;Sandra Bullock are in the film ( even though they have Chemistry) this film works just because of the bus alone.Reeves&amp;Bullock can't act at all.3rd tier Level at best.but the  action and adventure in this film makes you forget about them.the follow-up  film was weak.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I went to watch this film after all the fuss the media has created to find out what its all about. well, i think the films really have two different plot in it, one is the relationship between Tom cruise and nicole kidmanss'  characters and the other is more like a murder mystery, I came out the the  cinema a bit confused think what standley kubrick was trying to acheive  here.<br />The acting by the cast is first rate, nicole kidman is beautiful  regardless she's naked or not, which reminds me, she's hardly in the second  part of the film.<br />the bottom line is if you are buying this to see all  the sexy scence, fine, but the acting it's what your money pays for.
6302529867|4.0|The plot is a bit predictable, yet still suspenseful. Matt Craven (H) shows his fine talents as an actor. Since this file, he has been in other movies and TV series, but when he finally gets &quot;the role&quot; he will  be recognized for his great talent and range as an actor. At times the  photography and scenery are breathtaking on LaserDisc. I am waiting for the  DVD release.
B00001ODHJ|4.0|if you're into creepy woods , misty graveyards , funny dialogue and head smashing skeletons - buy it now
B00000K2SC|2.0|the effects make this film period.Keanu Reeves is still one of the wackiest actors ever.for effects i give the film a 4 for acting a 1/2.i have seen better Sci-Fi than this film.the film starts out tight than  drops.and when you factor in everything it's pretty average.
B00003XB8K|4.0|It is true:  if you're an Enigma fan, you won't be disappointed by this album.  It's all there, and this album more than any of his others seems to have a powerful unity pervading it--bits from other tracks keep wending  their way into other songs, indeed, even bits from previous *albums* bleed  into the CD.  The songs seamlessly lead to one another, and this album,  like the past, give you the sense of having travelled on a journey by the  end of it all.<br />As much as I admire the great engineering that went into  the thematic unity of the album, however, the themes themselves I found to  be uninspired.  Carmina Burana finds its way into the first 4 odd-numbered  tracks on the album, and though he did it quite well for the first two  tracks, I thought he could have looked a little deeper for his pieces.   <br />And, as you could draw from my title, the lyrics are painfully hollow,  and come in one and only one form:  cloying pseudo-spiritualism.  From the  redundant &quot;the eternal flame that always burns (no, really?)&quot; to  the fluffy and sententious &quot;the experience of survival is the key to  the gravity of love&quot; to the carelessly zenlike &quot;silence must be  heard&quot; to the entirety of the vague lyrics behind &quot;modern  crusaders&quot; (what are they fighting against?  Who are  &quot;they?&quot;).  The lyrics end up being a mindless grab bag of  hortatory &quot;spiritual-esque&quot; lyrics (&quot;look, listen,  feel&quot;) that communicate nothing but inspire within the listener that  there is something terribly deep beyond their superficiality.<br />I really  enjoy this album.  But it's hard to completely enjoy it when I am  constantly reminded of the cracks issuing forth from nearly every song .   *sigh*  O for the days of Enigma 1, or is that only because there were so  many more instrumentals (read: songs unpolluted by lyrics)?
0783222734|5.0|I saw this when it first came out and thought it was wonderful.  I love the part when Lex and Tim were in the kitchen, the computer technology used was breathtakeing.  I do have one problem, why isn't it on DVD?
0788811355|5.0|I really liked this movie, it made me think a lot, it was very well directed, and writen by a good Canadian boy. Ralph Fiennes was exelent, he really got robbed for best supporting actor in Schindlers List, it was good  to see him so great in this movie.
B000031XCR|5.0|Not only have I recommended this CD to all my friends and co-workers, but haven't stopped listening to it since I bought it. My favorites are: 'That's The Way It Is' and 'If Walls Could Talk'. Tf walls could talk is  brilliantly done (written and produced by Mutt Lange and Shania Twain) it  has the Shania feel, and I love it! If you buy any CD, BUY this ONE!
0553277472|5.0|This is the most valuable book I've ever read.  It gets to the soul of our society's thrust toward specialization instead of applying a Renaissance approach to the totality of our brains and spirits.  Art and science can  coexist peacefully and harmoniously if we let go and live them.
B000031XCR|5.0|After listening to &quot;All The Way,&quot; I was blown away. The peak of the record is the song &quot;That's The Way It Is.&quot; The album opens with (perhaps her best song ever) &quot;The Power of Love.&quot; I am  completely awed by the power of her beautiful voice when I hear that song.  If you like Celine Dion, this is a must-have. Even if you don't, try  it...it's awesome!
B00003000M|5.0|I just started listening to old school Reggae and I think this was excellent! Stephen Marley did a good job in producing this. The hip-hop, R&amp;B fusion with Reggae introduces generation X to classical reggae. I  think Damion Marley did a great job with the drum beats! The drum is the  essential instrument in any African music. If you listen closely you will  hear the drums going really strong. I don't think this was a disgrace to  Bob Marley. If Mr.Marley were alive today, he would no doubt collaborated  with some hip-hop artists to appeal to generation X. Bob Marley will always  be a legend and his children don't need to resort to anything desperate to  sell records. My favorite tracks are Kinky Reggae, Black Survivors, Turn  your lights down low, Concrete Jungle and Guilteness. The only thing I  disagree with on this CD is the reference to 2-PAC and Biggie on Johnny was  a good man. They were thugs, not men! Anyway, if you like reggae and R  &amp; B this CD is a must. I listen to it everyday and have started my own  collection of Classical reggae. So buy this CD and you will begin your  collection also. May God, Jah, or Allah, bless you. Peace!
B000002KBA|4.0|this album is raw, dirty and loud.... but DP was trying to catch the Hard rock directment... This IN ROCK album is much better than LED ZEP 1st album, though you cannot compare one to another. Child in Time is a  timeless song...
B00002DE0S|5.0|As an onwer of far too many CD's, this ranks number 2 on my list. The piano in this is absolutely amazing. This is a CD you will want on when you are sleeping, eating and any other time your ears can listen. It is simply  transporting. The only CD I've heard better than this is John McArthur's,  Hidden album. This Chopin is a must for any fan of his work!
1558908366|3.0|Yes, it's incredibly predictable and far to sweet for it's own good sometimes but were it not for Gere and Roberts onscreen chemistry this could have been a dismal flop or nothing too engaging. Julia Roberts  portrays a girl lost on the wrong side of the Hollywood tracks,  prostituting herself to earn some hard cash. Richard Gere plays the typical  hokie prince charming who sees it fit to lift her out of this pavement  status. While never totally believable it always seems to skirt on issues  that leave it lacking the courage of its true convictions. The director had  pure romantic comedy in mind here, thereby totally disregarding an  underbelly that could have given the film more depth. If you like your  comedy's laced with about as much cuteness and sugary sweetness as a  precosious six year old then your in seventh heaven here else others may  find it a mild, incredibly simplistic way of passing an evening.
6305603847|5.0|THE FILM<br />The film has been extremly well cleaned up for the DVD release.  It is a vast improvement on the VHS edition, it looks like an entirely new film.  The film itself is as fantastic as ever.  The visuals are stunning  and the music breathtaking.  The film is one of the most underated ever if  not the MOST. <br />THE EXTRAS<br />Their are some great extras on this DVD  release.  The interactive menus are brilliant with shots of the film  playing in the background.  This is also where the secret buttons come into  play.  In the corner of each screen you will see a picture in a box.  If  you press your number nine key it will play some music from the part of the  film shown in the box.<br />Their are two documentaries on the DVD.  One is  old - 'The other side of the wall' this was made during the film and shows  some back stage footage, it is quite informative, but dosen't look very  good.  'Retrospective' is a new documentary made especially for the DVD.   It is a lot better than the other one.<br />Their is also the 'Another Brick  in the wall part 2' video, which to be honest is a bit rubbish.  The  trailer is also included as is the 'Hey you' film footage, (This is the  unseen footage, it is not inserted into the film).  The footage is quite  interesting to watch although a lot of it was actualy re-edited into the  film. The commentary from Roger Waters and Gerald Scarfe is fabulous.  It  is very interesting to hear what they think about the film.  It also sheads  some light on the scenes that you may just have misinterpreted.  <br />Also  included are some pictures of cartoons drawn by Gerald Scarfe, and some  photos from production.  You also get four lobby cards.   All in all this  is a well worth purchase.  Even if you don't like Pink Floyd's music this  is a great film visually.
0446310786|5.0|I first read this book when I was twelve yrs. old. I found myself enthralled with this accounting of small-town southern living and because the story was told thru the mind of a child I was intrigued with the lovely  vocabulary and the startling clarity of a child's insight. Down thru the  years I would return over and over again charting my growth thru my  uncoverings of the truths written here. As a 14 yr. old I was enlightened  to what rascism was, as a 17 yr old cynic I was justified in my world  weariness,at 25 I was renewed and endowed with optimism for the basic  goodness of mankind, and now.... I am back to open this world to my  children, hoping they'll discover the warmth and beauty and create yet  another link between my heart and theirs.
B00002E285|5.0|Pink Floyd:The Wall is one of the most creative, inspiering films I've seen. It gives a look into the mind of Roger Waters, and gives insite to the album itself. I was amazed at both the animation scenes, as well as the  rest of the movie. To make a long story short, Roger Waters is a basket  case, as well as a genius. This is a must own movie.
B00000DQSF|5.0|How about that despite the creative output of The Band, only 12 (now 13) people have been inspired enough to review, Music From Big Pink.<br /> OK, I am new to The Band.  I am 27 and a victim of The Band's apparent failure to be properly remembered.  I used to have their self-titled second album, and I never got it despite being a huge Niel Young fan.  So I was whimsically browsing the music store and MFBP stared me in the face.  I knew from reading about The Band that it was the other of the most acclaimed albums by the artist, so i gave it a try.  It has since established permanent residence in my changer.  In fact, I just took it out only to listen to it while typing this for all of you.<br /> Why is it an &quot;American Classic&quot;.  Firstly,it is 'distinctfully American'.  Down-home and earthy, it sounds like it was bred in the cornfields of our once Agrarian nation.  This is not a popular word in the 90's, but MFBP is wholesome.  It is artistically nutritious..LOL...I guess I mean, substantial.  It is like an old shoe.  This brings me to 'distinctively classic'.  This record is universally relatable.  It hits you where you are without being compromising.  Sure, it has the country vibe, but I will tell you that I have not lived a year of my life in the boonies and 'Tarred and Feathered' sounds like a well-weathered rock anthem.  More importantly, I simply am incapable of singing the lyrics, &quot;Take a load off, Fanny&quot; without feeling great.  &quot;American Classic&quot; it is.  Any classic rock fan that may be becoming bored and looking to venture into other areas will have their musical roots confirmed by popping in this disc.
B00000255F|5.0|one of bruce springsteen's best albums including one of the millenium's top ten songs: thunderroad! a must for everyone who cares about rock'n roll.
B000002JPA|4.0|I noticed that after 71 reviews, &quot;Images and Words&quot; had 5 stars.  I am as much a DT fan as the next guy, but isn't that a little excessive?  I mean, we aren't talking 'Sgt. Pepper' here. We aren't talking 'Dark Side  of the Moon'  Many would argue we aren't even talking 'Fragile' or 'Moving  Pictures'.  'Images...' and 'Scenes...' are DT's best moments but I think 4  Stars is more realistic.
0767821769|5.0|I have waited forever for a fabulous movie such as this where the stepmom is a caring parent who will go through just about anything to make things workout, yet still be witty and stick up for herself. Julia Roberts was at  her best. Susan Sarandon was perfect. Whenever you hear the word  &quot;stepmom&quot; most think &quot;wicked&quot; should be attached. I am  a stepmom and know how painful it can get. We're not all bad step mothers,  some of us are stepmoms. This movie was very accurate and showed both sides  of the fence. One reviewer said children are not aloud to act this way in  real life, HA. This was a very mild case of what true step families go  through. These childrens lives are being torn apart and they will stop at  nothing to stop their pain. But as the movie shows, it's not because they  are bad, and the stepmom isn't bad for falling in love with their dad, and  once you see through the pain there really can be peace in the end with  true love and understanding. We CAN have a great relationship with one  another . Wonderful show, well worth owning. It truly showed the struggle  real families go through in a fun, humorous and touching way. I took my  stepson to see it. It was our first date. We loved it. He laughed and cried  through the whole show.
B000001FI7|4.0|This is the music you would expect to here in one of those musty, art-deco, indigo lit coffee houses! The songs presented on &quot;Dummy&quot; are sparse and harrowingly cathartic.  Beth Gibbons'  voice adds an aching sorrow that will dominate your sub-conscious for  months after you hear it. Like the cover art effectively suggests, the  music offers little rest from albums themes, emotional decay and despair.  This makes it difficult for the listener to escape being drawn into the  concentrated sentiments.  You will finish the album feeling an odd  combination of being bummed but inspired.  While Europe has been knee deep  in intelligent and affecting anti-pop such as this, America has missed much  of the revolution that replaced Nirvana's play in the mud.<br />Highlights  to preview from &quot;Dummy&quot; in your record store include  &quot;Roads&quot;, &quot;It's A Fire&quot; and the briefly aired single,  &quot;Sour Times&quot;.  I urge anyone looking for a break from music's  current creative malaise to purchase this record.  You will find it pained  and powerful.
B000003BF1|2.0|SORRY, BUT THIS WAS NOT THE ALBUM THAT WAS ON TOP TO CLOSE OUT THE SIXTIES! LET IT BLEED HIT NO 3 ON THE TOP 40 CHART,AND FADED AFTER 19 WEEKS. LED ZEPPELIN 2 HIT NO 1 FOR 7 WEEKS,CREEDENCE HIT NO 1 FOR 4 WEEKS  WITH GREEN RIVER, AND SURPRISE SURPRISE, ABBEY ROAD BY THE BEATLES WAS NO 1  FOR 11 WEEKS,STAYING IN THE TOP 40 FOR 32 WEEKS. IT'S ALSO RETURNED TO THE  TOP 100 OFF AND ON OVER THE LAST 30 YEARS AND HAS TOPPED 30 MILLION SOLD  WORLDWIDE TO DATE!  THIS IS HOW THE SIXTIES REALLY WENT OUT!  THOUGHT  YOU'D LIKE TO KNOW! LET IT BLEED HAS A COUPLE DECENT TRACTS BUT GOT  TROUNCED BY THE COMPETITION AT THE TIME.
B000005DQR|5.0|...For DJ Shadow.<br />  As an avid admirer of Reznor's &quot;The Downward Spiral&quot;, I used to say that it was this generation's, 'The Velvet Underground and Nico', in that even though the populace at large was not  ready to understand the masterpiece it was, enough people would be inspired  by it that it would eventually prove monumentally influencial.  While this  is likely true to a lesser extent, &quot;Endtroducing...&quot; is probably  a better example of the Velvet Underground role.  &quot;The Downward  Spiral&quot; was an hugely popular album for reasons that didn't dig as  deeply as the the album did, but &quot;Endtroducing...&quot; is probably  the first purely innovative record in rock/pop music since the Sex Pistols'  &quot;Nevermind the Bullocks...&quot;, and it has yet to grab the masses.  Everything about &quot;Endtroducing...&quot; has never been done before.  It is the most profound artistic statement of the decade including Nirvana.  It is completely feasable that if this record could have found an  audience, it would have become the most significant album since &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot;.  Oh well, the peeps didn't get it.  They didn't get the Sex  Pistols or Velvet Underground either.  I get the feeling that DJ  Shadow(Josh Davis) isn't quite done.
0790735172|5.0|This is the ultimate martial arts movie. If you are a martial artist like me, or just love watching martial arts movies, you will more than likely enjoy this movie.
B00000IPGT|5.0|Life of Brian may well be the funniest movie I have ever seen.  Whereas MP &amp;the Holy Grail made fun of the dark ages, this movie makes fun of the Roman Empire and Jesus, and it doesn't forget anything.<br />The Sermon on the  Mount, Roman names, jewish division, crucifixion, you name it, it's in  there. They make fun of absolutely everything worth making fun of.<br />This  movie'll leave you rolling on the floor laughing, and as an added bonus at  then end, it has the original theatrical trailer.<br />Buy this one.
6300185311|5.0|Anyone not finding this movie hysterical has need of a doctor as they are missing a funny bone! <br />Day and Hudson are priceless, as usual; buy it--you'll love it, too!
1573225517|5.0|Nick Hornby's &quot;High Fidelity&quot; is perfect in the sense that it achieves everything it sets out to do without a single miscue or hitting a wrong note. Hornby has written a brutally honest and funny novel about a  perpetual slacker who, if not careful, may miss the great boat of love. A  lot of readers will see a bit of themselves in Hornby's book, but that is  not the sole reason to read this terrific work. Rather, read &quot;High  Fidelity&quot; because it is a well-written and, above all, touching  meditation on relationships and love. Once the dust settles on the past  decade, I would argue that Hornby's &quot;High Fidelity&quot; will stand as  one of the decade's great novels--the quintessential depiction of life and  love in the time of grunge.
B00000JCOV|5.0|There isn't much to say about this album except that it's one of the best of the year. Slipknot is compiled of nine members, or as they say it &quot;nine layers of orchestrated madness.&quot; There are two  percussionists, who play on custom made titanium drums and a beer keg, a  sampler, DJ, bassist, two guitarists, singer, and a drummer. To add to  that, they all wear masks and matching jump suits with their numbers on  them. They are numbered 0-8. Each mask is different in itself and reflects  the member. The drummer has double bass drum chops that may be better than  Lars Ulrich(metallica). Two percussionists who add some nice licks and  effects. A guitarist crunching out some heave riffs and another one who  just supports it. A bassist pounding out some heavy bass lines. A sampler  who adds some cool effects. Sid (DJ) who has effects pedals while turning  tables. And finally, a singer who can sing, rap, and scream. When Corey  isn't screaming he's shows us that he can really sing (wait and bleed) or  rap (spit it out). This is the best album I have. This however, can't top  off their stage &quot;show.&quot; On stage they beat each other up. They've  suffered broken bones and stiches and the works. Watch their video Welcome  to the Neighborhood.
0553213105|5.0|I've been trying to read this book for years, but have never gotten past the first three chapters. It was so boring! But last summer, I decided to give it another try, and I'm glad I did cause I loved it!  It became one of  my favorites and I'm definitely going to see the movie.  Mrs.Bennet and  Mr.Colins is absolutely hilarious, and Liz so loveable! The humour and  romance is blended just right. I recommend anyone who have given this book  several tries to try it again. And of course for everyone who haven't. You  don't know what you're missing!
0440219078|5.0|Much like the themes of Brave New World and The Handmaiden's Tale, The Giver presents the flaws of a &quot;perfect world&quot; where everything is controlled.  And similar to other futuristic tales, this one has its &quot;hero,&quot; but in this story that hero is Jonas, a twelve-year-old  boy.  Like most children, Jonas is filled with questions.  Once he is  labeled as a &quot;receiver,&quot; the separation between himself and the  well-tuned world he was born into begins.  Jonas is forced to feel and see  things that his community has worked so hard to deny and make disappear.   The main theme that stood out in my mind is:   If things have always been  done this way, why change?  How can we change?  This is a riveting read.  I  could not put this book down until Jonas's journey was finished, at least  among my pages.  The book leaves the reader with thoughts to ponder,  possibilities to imagine, and questions to debate.  Read it, pass it on,  and make an impact in the world.  Change is sometimes needed...but we have  to &quot;see&quot; the need first.
B000002AT6|5.0|Solo Horner puede lograr un impacto emotivo tan genuino con sus scores. Legends of the fall en absoluto es la excepcin. En cada segundo del cd uno puede palpar diversos sentimetos sublimes, dejarse llevar por dulces  melodias maravillosas y excitarse con momentos de accin, que hasta  resultan sensibles tambin. El disco entero esta envuelto en cierta  nobleza, que lo alza capturando siempre la atencin del oyente, desde la  primera hasta la ltima nota... cualquier fantico de Horner no tiene  escusa alguna para no tener Legends Of The Fall en su coleccin. Y los que  jams escucharon a Horner, aqui tienen el cd perfecto para ir conociendo a  este infalible compositor de pelculas
0780626478|5.0|This is a very refreshing look at society.  To realize how different things would be without the drugs, violence, sex, and/or divorce exposed to, or experienced by, the majority of people today, this movie portrayed INNOCENCE!     To come away with a feeling means we have related to it in some way - nostalgia, wishful thinking, etc. This movie is bound to leave you with a positive feeling for which you may not even recognize.    Brenden Fraser did an excellent acting job in his demeanor regarding the whole scenario of naivete. Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacek get 10 stars for their performance. Silly and cute, they both were. I loved it and will watch many more times.    Gail Gupton, Author: 'The 31-Day Diet of Spiritual Enlightenment', and 'Seekers of Truth'.
6302238331|5.0|French Connection is indeed one of the greatest American movies ever made. Not one minute of this  film isn't brilliant. Friedkin's direction is great, Gene Hackman is superb, and the car chase is the best ever filmed.  Every cop film to come since this has ripped it off in someway. This film  expertly shows the vague line between the cops and the bad guys.  Friedkin  shows NYC as a backdrop without petrifying the background. This film is one  of the toughest, grittiest works of art I've ever seen.  The ending will  haunt you for days. Trust me, after this movie, you will have a new  favorite in the crime-drama genre. After this movie, you will leave with a  new view on the differences between the &quot; good guys &quot; and the  &quot; bad guys &quot;. Let's face it, William Friedkin is a damn genius!
0385493622|4.0|The book actually study math-history related to this problem. I found it quite enlightening and educating. It's really good in that matter, and it's an inspiration for math-studies. But as a CS-student, I think he sometimes  explained elementary math too much, which made it a bore for 2-3 pages at a  time.
6301790170|5.0|Sorcerer is a damn good remake of Wages Of Fear. Friedkin's direction delivers killer suspense and a feeling of desperation while watching this classic. Roy Scheider delivers a great performance and the music by  Tangerine Dream fits the film perfectly. If the first half doesn't make  your toes sweat, the second half sure as hell will. Much like Friedkin  himself, this film is terribly underrated.
0679746048|1.0|I don't care if I'm in the minority, so I'll have to agree with everyone who gave this book one star. I can sum up the entire plot in one sentence: the author just chronicles the mundane actions of a bunch of  one-dimensional characters, herself included. As reviewers here stated  before, this story has absolutely NO depth whatsoever. There is no build to  a climax, and no real conflict is ever presented.<br />I found myself skimming  over the long paragraphs where this woman tries to rationalize why she's a  fruitcake, which she does with annoyingly abstract metaphors. However, in  the 1st chapters, she tries to convince readers why she DOESN'T have a  disorder. The problem with this is that Girl, Interrupted is written after  everything is said and done- it doesn't coincide (like a diary). So what  makes Kaysen suddenly change her mind about her mental health? She clearly  has unresolved, unexplored opinions about herself. Anyway, 1/3 through this  book, I tossed it on my shelf. It bored me that much. And because past  reviewers reveal \\"the end\\", I'm satisfied to know I ain't missing a thing.  I'm an avid reader and HATE not finishing things, but why should I put  myself through any more voluntary masochism? <br />I know that different  people like different literary proses, formats, etc., so I have nothing  condescending to say about any reviewer who gave 5 stars. But I'm used to  reading books that stress human emotion, character motivation, and a THEME  (not just cause-and-effect plots). If Kaysen and her friends didn't have  these things in their lives, the story wasn't worth telling in the first  place (any real writer knows that). I picked this book up in Barnes &amp;  Noble because I felt that if they spent a budget making a movie based on  it, it must really be worthwhile. Boy, I'll never let Hollywood influence  my choices in book reading again!<br />The only thing this irritating story  interrupts is time that could be better spent. Check it out of the library  if you want to read it that badly, but don't make the mistake of spending  money on it.
0380977273|5.0|Bradbury at his greatest is truly a great read. Any avid reader can remember the first time they read Farenheight 451. The thoughts and issues contained in that novel were truly amazing, causing one to pay attention to  the glory our society can create and destroy. Something Wicked This Way  Comes is as wonderful.<br />The novel is ultimatly about a battle between good  and evil, or truth verses deception. The main character is confronted with  secrets he doesn't want to know and given the chance to live out long  hidden dreams. The book plays out well, leaving the reader wondering until  the last pages. <br />Most important is Bradbury's ability to describe the  elements in the novel. One could taste breath, feel the wind, and smell the  carnival. Something Wicked This Way Comes is a wonderful book and should be  enjoyed by readers of science fiction and other genres alike.
B00003Q438|5.0|I saw the director's cut in LA on the big screen.  Cost me $17.00 ($4 for the movie, $13(!) to park!) but it was well worth it.  The extended version is the only version of this film, if you ask me.  The original theatrical release is like a half-finished movie.  Only with the additional footage  does the ending make sense at all.  With the addition of this added running  time, The Abyss goes from being an OK movie to Cameron's second best after  Aliens.<br />I already have the laser version (but my player broke).  Given  the fact that at full price this DVD costs half of what it paid for that,  this is a deal!
B00000JCOV|4.0|Forget those panzee bands Korn and Limp Bizkit and go straight for Slipknot!  When I first heard them I was thinking &quot;What is this? &quot; and then after &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; and  &quot;Surfacing&quot; I was thinking &quot;This rocks! &quot;. Granted much  like Full Metal Jacket (war movie)falls apart after they leave the boot  camp, this album kinda falls apart after &quot;Liberate&quot;. Thus the  4-star rating. Up to &quot;Liberate&quot; the album is a 5-star but once it  enters into &quot;Prosthetics&quot; it is a 4-star. I dig the costumes too.  But if ya got kids or younger siblings (like me) keep it far away from em!   If you like Metal in any way then pick this up now!
630528069X|5.0|This is a great movie. Bruce Willis is perfect for the role, and the terrorist dude did a good job too. Awesome plot, great action scenes... You're stupid if you don't like this. If you do like this, I recommend  Death Wish III, with Charles Bronson. That is the only movie I've ever seen  that's better than this one. More action and lots of other stuff. See both  this one and Death Wish III, the two best movies ever.
B000002W4V|5.0|Sweet Jane/Rock 'n' Roll. Back to Back. Res Ipsa Loquitur
B00003CWPQ|1.0|This was By Far The Biggest Movie Letdown I Have Ever Experienced! This Movie was a MESS and So Poorly Done that It is hard to believe that it came from the Great Stanley Kubrick! The Only excuse I can think for this  Travesty of a Film is that Mr Kubrick must have been Sick while he was  Working on it. Where was all this Hot Sex that was supposed to be taking  place between Tom and Nicole. This Film was So SEXLESS that it should have  been Rated PG!  I actually FELL ASLEEP for a few moments while watching  this film, that is how Boring it was! There was No Plot and the Film to me  seemed Unedited, even though the official word was that Kubrick had  completed the film before he passed away! I WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE ACADEMY  FOR NOT GIVING THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE ANY OSCAR NOMINATIONS! I am shocked  that so many of the reviewer's here are raving about this film, they must  be relatives of Tom and Nicole! It is a Shame that Stanley Kubrick's Last  Film had to be this Turkey!
B000002KNU|5.0|I couldn't say it much better than Mike Farmer's review earlier...this was just one collection of tunes that really grab you in some strange way - a gem among the midst the rather bland arena rock of the time...  The 'Heads'  were geniuses of the time - despite the 'competition' of the hard-edge punk  and other non-eventful music of the time, they rose above it all with a  refreshingly original sound and solid rhythm.<br />For those new to their  music, go for this one and 'More Songs about Buildings and Food', as well  as 'Fear of Music'.  To get it all in one, the 'best of (Sand in the  Vaseline) is not a bad collection either...<br />The bottom line is that this  CD is a *classic*, and easily ranks with similar classics of the time in  this genre (debuts from the Car's, B-52's and Pretenders).
B000007MVX|5.0|Ok, this is a very musical, thematically obsure work. I think most people bought Thick As A Brick because the album was like a newspaper with all these cute sarcastic articles, and back then you couldnt preview albums.<br />Passion Play didn't have that to snare us young record buyers. so of  course it didnt do as well. But I think the material is better. Right in  the middle of it all, the music stops and Ian tells you the story of the  Hare Who Lost his Spectacles! If this doesnt appeal to your sense of the  surreal and whimsical, nothing will. If Agualung is Tull mother's milk,  then Passion Play is a big juicy .... carrot.
6302732786|5.0|This is a very important concert, for many reasons, the Glam Rock period in particular.  <br />The amazing performances of Bowie &amp; Lennox doing 'Under Pressure', Ian Hunter (Mott The Hoople) with Bowie on Sax doing 'All  The Young Dudes' a rare love moment with Bowie.<br />The highlight is Liza  Minnelli's performance of 'We Are The Champions', unlikely choice for the  concert but very appropriate as so much of Mercury's style was influenced  by the Minnelli vibe.  After she is a big part of the 70's.<br />Release on  DVD
B000003S0I|5.0|The little chime sound you hear at the beginning is a kalimba, an african thumb piano. After being hypnotized by this you will then hear a very well played, quiet, fluttering violin (the sound of lark's tongues?)Don't turn  the volume up too loud here, because you will split your speakers when the  crescendo of acid guitars come wailing into your brain. This is music of a  sort you haven't heard, a classic example of acid rock, classical mixed  with rock, and some sophisticated noisy percussion and jazz thrown in. Hey,  relax, thats just the first track.
B000002UY5|4.0|FUNK+SLAP+MR HOON=BLIND MELON, Good WORK BOYS
B000002L9B|5.0|This is the only Prince album I bothered to buy, but its got some real genius in it. All the songs everyone liked (anotherholeinyourhead, mountain) are fusion type stuff reminiscent of the end of some of the  Beatles songs(yes the Beatles!) from magical mystery tour.<br />BUT WAIT!  THERES MORE! Prince is a very sophisticated vocalist as evidenced on Kiss  (a fantastic pastiche on its entire genre)and on my favorite cut: Sometimes  it Snows in April. Listen to this cut, a hazy jazz ballad, and if you like  it, listen to 'Is it true?' a song Prince wrote for Celine Dion (yes,  Celine Dion) that she sang on her first U.S. album.<br />Prince is a genius,  not to be confused with the artist formerly known as Prince.
B0000028M7|5.0|WOW, I Cannot believe how powerful this album really is. Every track seems to be filled with raw emotion. This album stands amongst the greats such as Pearl Jams Ten or Soungardens Superunknown. If you haven`t heard of the  concept of Alice, go on and buy this..but beware this is powerfull  stuff!
B0000033TE|5.0|I enjoyed the ones that came before this one. But Brain Salad Surgery is the quintessential ELP. Even when it came out, we all knew it was special, a stretch even for this virtuoso band. The subtleties of sound allow you to  listen over and over again. You will never hear Greg Lake's voice sound any  better, or hear Emerson play keyboards any cleaner. Oh, and Carl Palmer's  drums were about 20 years ahead of their time.
B000003TAW|5.0|Whatever perspective or angle I approach this album with, I find myself Lapping up every single track like thickly whisked cream...ok , so i`ve spent days listening to it...trying to find fault...trying to find some  kind of flaw...but NO....these tunes are  endless...adorable...timeless...Weezer are indeed the Beach boys of the  ninties(o.k plus a little meat)I like this album because it makes me  happy..I like this album because it cheers me up when its rainy...I like  this album because it adds spice to an othrwise maggot infested  &quot;pop&quot; industry...Long live Buddy Holly...or Weezer rather!
0394800184|4.0|This book is one of the best predictable books written.  The words are easy for children to read and the book tells a good story.  Children want this story read over and over and never get tired of hearing it.  All the  events in the story lead up to the climax very effectively.  I recommend  this book to anyone with children.
0788812408|5.0|The Little Mermaid is a classic Disney movie. Kids love this movie, except you might have to fast forward through parts with Ursula in them.  But it still is a fun and entertaining movie for all ages.
B000002JSR|3.0|I have allways liked this album,from the time I bought it on cassette back in 1982,its a little short I thinks its 34 minutes, but it has some great songs walters walk,ozone baby,darlene and wearing and tearing, if you like  &quot;presense&quot; and &quot;in through the out door&quot; you'll like  this album, try it....
B00000JNJ1|5.0|The Faces never got the respect (or the audience) they deserved.  Despite the fact that they cracked the U.S. Top Forty only once--&quot;Stay with Me,&quot; No. 17 in 1972--over a brief three-year period in the early  seventies they produced some of the most raucus, ballsy rock 'n' roll of  the era.<br />Listen to bands like the Georgia Sattelites and the Black Crowes  and you'll hear that they owe as much to the Faces as they do to the  Rolling Stones.<br />This 19-track collection covers the Faces' entire four  studio album career--nothing from the live Coast To Coast recorded after  bassist Ronnie Lane left the band. You get three songs from First Step and  Long Player, six from A Nod Is As Good As a Wink and four from Ooh La La.  In addition you get &quot;Pool Hall Richard&quot; and &quot;You Can Make Me  Dance, Sing or Anything&quot; (which was previously available only on the  long out-of-print Snakes and Ladders: The Best of the Faces from 1976) and  the previously unreleased &quot;Open to Ideas.&quot;<br />Keep in  mind, this  is only a compilation and as such  some of your favorite tracks are going  to be missing. [Personally, I would have liked to have had &quot;Around the  Plynth&quot; from First Step, and &quot;Richmond&quot; and &quot;Maybe I'm  Amazed&quot; from Long Player.]  What you do get is the entire range of the  Faces' repertoire:  classic rockers like &quot;Stay with Me&quot; and  &quot;Bad 'n' Ruin&quot; and tender ballads like &quot;Sweet Lady  Mary&quot; and &quot;Debris.&quot;<br />Conflicting egos couldn't hold the  band together.  By 1973 Ronnie Lane left to form Slim Chance.  Rod  Stewart's solo career was taking off.  Ron Wood  would soon become Mick  Taylor's replacement in the Rolling Stones.  What is left behind is some  terrific rock 'n' roll.  Start with this well-chosen collection, but you'll  want to go back and also get their other albums because after hearing these  19 songs, you'll be wanting more.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B00000IOSU|1.0|I was very disappointed in this cd.  I knew nothing about Sarah McLachlan, but I loved the song, &quot;Angel&quot;.  I read some of the reviews here and decided it would be a good purchase.  <br />I was shocked, to put it  mildly, with the vulgar language used in some of the lyrics.  There should  be a clear warning on everything containing offensive material.<br />Plus, the  main song I was interested in was performed live, so it didn't sound as  good as what I've heard on the radio.
6301967992|5.0|First time I saw this film in the early seventies in a then popular cinema of my village, I was scared to death each time someone opened the mouth showing the vampire teeth and specially caught me the scene when Alfred and his uncle crossed the hall under its uggly and menacing paintings. I felt the same fear as Alfred. Of course I was a little boy and that was the first time I knew about vampires.<br />The film is plenty of comical moments and strange characters:<br />1.The guard of the cryp and kind of butler is a grotesque character with a grotesque candelabrum that seems an extension of his body<br />2.The innkeeper is a lecherous but welcoming man. He is very careful with his guests and always try not to make any noise when he close their room door.<br />3.The fat landlady bonhomie change on an angry way each time discovers his husband has runned away from their marriage bed to go to the room of their young maid; and she get up to chase him. By the way she has aptitudes and a peculiar and strident voice when she cry out.<br /><br />Count Von Krolock was playing chess (alone!? perhaps studying the best ways to win) when professor and his nephew arrived. Could he end the game?...(sic)...<br /><br />I only see an error to comment: when professor and Alfred are trying to pass through the window to get into the crypt, why Alfred that is less thin than professor can go through and professor that is thin as noodle can not?<br />Great actors and sets, and an original and unique soundtrack from the imaginative late polish composer Christopher Komeda.<br />I highly recommend this film and suggest other Polanski's films like \\"Cul-De-Sac,\\" \\"Rosemary's Baby,\\" \\"Frantic,\\" and \\"The Ninth Gate.\\"
B00001P4RI|5.0|I love Dead Can Dance and him, Brendan, is unbelievable! This album is perfect when yo just been dumped and need to reajust your soul and spirit! Excellent quality.
6304808038|5.0|I recomend everybody to purchase this film. I am admirer of these both great english actors. The movie is full of surprises that take place in a aristocratic english cottage. An amazing garden full of statues is were the  movie begin. Inside the cottage there is a world of fantasy with puppets moving everywhere, that seem watch impassive the duel between the two only  characters of the film. I do not miss any other actor in the movie, they  both are enough. Only great actors as them can get it. John Addison's score is as elegant and playful as the film requires.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I saw this film twice. After seeing it the first time, I just had to go and see it again. It was brilliant. The performances by all, especially Kevin Spacey, were striking. The storyline and the way it was written and filmed was amazing.
B00000IPAX|5.0|living in england, i only first heard blinkon two little sound samples from mtv.com, but from then on, i was hooked. the album has to be one of the best i've ever bought. all the tracks are excellent except maybe adam's  song which is a kind of tacky attempt at a suicide ballad. dysentery gary  is also not one of my faves, but all the others make up for it! The creme  de la creme has to be 'going away to college', 'mutt', and 'the party song'  (listen really closely at the beginning to hear a little hidden message  from mark). other good ones are 'aliens exist' and 'wendy clear'. The only  downside to this album is that its kind of short- only 35 mins longs, but  hey, quality over quantity, right? so buy it and then, if you like it,  check out some of their older stuff like 'Dude ranch'. or, buy 'short songs  for short people' and get enlightened to a whole range of really good punk!
B00001ZWTS|2.0|This is another one of those summer films that drew in countless numbers of innocent people by way of a huge advertising blitz.  This flick was especially disappointing to fans of the old sixties TV show who couldn't  help but make comparisons of Will Smith to Robert Conrad.  The film is  entertaining and funny only to those who either temporarily discard their  education and common sense or have no education or common sense at all.   The acting isn't really the greatest and the plot is so puerile and  senseless; Kenneth Branagh's character Dr. Arliss Loveless certainly could  have done better than build a large, awkward, clumsy, spider-like machine  to take over the post civil war United States.  This is just another one of  those big budget sci-fi flicks that will appeal to a Saturday morning  television audience in the future (with a little censorship, of course).
B0000025H4|5.0|True, I do hate most live performances, but I do make an exception for &quot;Unleashed&quot;. Usually. production really sucks..not here. Usually the performance is lack luster..not here. This is the ONLY LIVE cd of my  collection (1500+ metal) that is TRUE! Buy it!  Metalbear PS: Love you  Rob!  You are the ULTIMATE frontman!
6305750750|4.0|I originally went to see this film because I am big fan of Ewan McGregor but after just a few minutes I was sucked into the realm of Star Wars and loved nearly every minute of it! I believe it had a well setup plot, good  characters, and amazing special effects. At times though it seemed as if  the characters were too distant in emotion. Mainly in Jake Lloyd's  sometimes stiff representation of young Anikin. Overall you should enjoy  enjoy this film. After I saw it, I rented the original trillogy and it  brought back memories of watching Star Wars every Christmas with Dad and my  brothers. If you're not sure about buying this yet, rent it (when it comes  out) and decide then. I personally will buy it because I enjoyed the film  and it is worth paying for just to watch the pod race again. Hope I was  helpful!
0893860220|5.0|Powerful, direct, unsettling, without compare, this book brings one to edge of the quest for ones self. The only thing left is to jump.
6303327982|5.0|\\"Natural Born Killers\\" is not about glorifying violence; it's a chilling parody of the American fascination with violence.  The quick changes from color to black and white and back again, interspersed with  animated sequences, point up the satiric nature of the movie.<br /><br />Mickey and  Mallory, very well played by Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis, are two  killing machines without heart or soul or conscience; their only redeeming  virtues are their love for each other.  They aren't meant to be sympathetic  characters and they're not, but Oliver Stone's direction makes them pale in  depravity besides some of the other characters -- the sadistic warden, the  despicable detective and his morbid fascination with Mallory, Mallory's  nauseating, sexually abusive father, and above all, Robert Downey's superb  characterization of the media pimp who feeds off blood and gore.<br /><br />The last scene in the movie, of Mickey and Mallory on the road with their two  children, and Mallory about to deliver a third at any minute, underscores the whole message of the film; violence feeds on itself and begets yet more violence.  Those viewers who were most upset by the movie missed its message.  \\"Natural Born Killers\\" is a brilliant, disturbing  depiction of the shallowness of American culture at the end of the 20th  century.<br /><br />Judy Lind
1573226521|1.0|Can't believe people like this book so much. It never engaged me, never seemed believable or anything more than the stolen stories of Lord of the Flies and Robinson Crusoe combined. Lame and worst of all not even a good  beach read!
B000002H97|5.0|In this album Metallica are slowing down a bit, writing simpler, more accessible songs. Although it's not their best album, it's their defining one and songs such as &quot;Wherever I may roam&quot; are, in my humble  opinion, some of the best stuff I ever heard.
B000006NPY|5.0|I had GISH in college but gradually lost track of the Pumpkins.  They just didn't seem to remain as cutting-edge as that first album; too MTV-friendly for my taste.  All of that changed with ADORE.  Corgan released an album of  unparalleled beauty that confused the teeny-boppers but caught the  attention of an older crowd who remembers the Pumpkins when they made  daring music in the midst of that grunge-era's recycled Sabbath riffs.   ADORE showcases some gorgeous ballads and a sound which seems to pick up  where Joy Divison left off.  Works of true beauty are rare in today's  musical wasteland, but Corgan achieved one with this album.  Must be heard  in its entirety on headphones.
0790730960|4.0|Incredibly lavish, exquisitely moody, often extremely dark sequel takes a sardonic look at the Caped Crusader and a pair of emotionally tormented villains, the poignant (and mean) Penguin and the sultry, conflicted  Catwoman, both played brilliantly by Danny DeVito and the terrific Michelle  Pfeiffer. Christopher Walken also arrives as scheming Max Shreck (named  after the vampire in \\"Nosferatu\\") to assist them in their dire plans. The  plot moves crisply for about an hour, until it disappointingly falls apart  in the scattershot second half.  The film suffers from an often  mean-spirited tone, and with too few appearances by Batman himself  throughout, the story revolves around the villains rather than the hero.   Much of the action is so intense and emotional, the film can be a bit  depressing at times to watch, especially for younger viewers, part of its  target audience.  Still, there are too many juicy elements in this visually  overpowering fantasy to ignore; they're all so masterfully directed by Tim  Burton, who stamps each scene with his one-of-a-kind wizardry. The picture  is simply a marvel to look at, and does that rare thing in cinema: it  creates a world so real that stems deep within the abyss of the  imagination, so consistently impressive and truly warrants the overused  term, \\"dazzling.\\" The best visual touch is setting the film at Christmas  time, with snowy, ice-glazed visuals providing the perfect compliment to  the extraordinary visual deign by Bo Welch, creating a giant snow-globe  with a pulse.  A bold attempt has been made to make the villains into  victims, not simply evil monsters, and Michael Keaton's second (and final)  donning of the cape and cowl is a strong one. The technical credits, which  include opulent costume designs, Danny Elfman's exquisite scoring art and  Stefan Czapsky's masterful cinematography, are simply indelible. Despite  many imperfections, pic is the most unique, bizarre, and original  installment in this uneven series.
0812589041|5.0|This is by far the best book I've ever read.  I was so drawn to this book that I just finished it for my second time and will be sure to read several times more.  The way Card captures the brilliance and genius of Ender makes  this book grab you right from the first chapter and hold onto you until the  unbelievable ending.  This is a must read for all, Sci-Fi fans or not,  everyone will love this book.
6305358567|5.0|In a year overwhelmed with reminiscent films, Elizabeth rises above the rest to become one of few stunning manifestations of the Hollywood Renaissance. Certainly acknowledged by the Oscars garnering 7 nominations,  Shekhar Kapur's intimate portrait of a young Elizabeth further expands the  modern view on a distant monarch, whose maturing reign as well as taming  nature continued to dazzle the 20th century viewers.  <br />Presented here by  a superb cast led by Golden-Globe winner Cate Blanchett, early Elizabethean  era turmoil and upheavel are captured brilliantly. The lush set itself is a  feast for the eye as the audience is drawn to follow a passionate young  Elizabeth's path.  Against the dark setting of middleval stone castles, a  blooming Golden Age approahces as England expands to take control in a  world of great unrest after Catholic Queen Mary's death.  Her Protestant  half-sister, Elizabeth daughter of Anne Bolyne is placed on a throne of a  kingdom torn between religion.  Cate Blanchett does a fabulous job  capturing the details of a frustrated young woman waking to the merciless  reality of queenhood--surrounded by enemies such as Norfolk (Christopher  Eccleston).  Constantly by her side is her reverent adviser Sir William  Cecil (Richard Attenborough) who advices Elizabeth to marry for convenience  choosing a &quot;pool&quot; of ready political candidates--while Elizabeth  herself is long set on her lover from the past Sir Robert Dudley (a  charming Joseph Fiennes).  Yet just as England learns to wake up from the  mideval dream, Elizabeth learns the bittnerness of betrayal as she looks to  Sir Francis Walsingham (Jeffrey Rush)'s counsel. <br />Focusing on Elizabeth's  subtle changes of phase from fire to ice at a distant in the midst of a  grander panaroma beautifully shot, the audience gradually distinguishes her  footsteps from the shedding of innocence to a tough ruler that dares to  strike first agaisnt her enemies, to ultimately become the VirginQueen to  reign above all men.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I have listened to the score from &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; perhaps a hundred times.  Each time I ask myself, &quot;What is so compelling about this score? Why do I keep coming back to it and finding  something new with each listening?&quot;<br />I believe it is simple elegance.  The music is truly moving and the themes are beautiful.  However, it is  something more.   It touches to the heart all the complex emotion, the  love, the confusion, the excitement and in the end the acceptance and  understanding of the deep and sometimes dark story of the film. The themes  are All American. The emotion is universal.<br />For me, the test of a good  film score is when it works both as an integral part of the film and can  stand alone as an individual composition.  In this regard, &quot;The Cider  House Rules&quot; is a remarkable achievement.
B00000099Y|5.0|aenima is tools best album by far.  his voice really adds to the effect of thier music.  Tool other two albums are every good also, but dont even compair.
630575067X|5.0|I hear a lot of people dogging this movie because of the lack of a story compared to the first movies.  Well if you haven't noticed yet the first trilogy didn't have all that spetacular of writting.  The movies fall into  a classic fairy tale setting except that it's out in space instead of in  Camelot.  People you got to remeber that these are kids stories and you  have to take them for what they are intended.  Most of you all were  introduced to the story when you were a kid, and I'm sure that most of you  know that it doesn't take much to entertain a child.<br />So to enjoy this  movie you have to remember what it's like to be a kid agian.
6302453356|4.0|We all remember the classic fairy tale of Peter Pan.  But with a new twist, Stephen Spielberg yet again proves that he is the master of them all.  Robin Willams, who plays Peter, is all grown up in this movie.  He  has a wife and two children.  When Peter's grandmother starts to show him  the past of life, Peter soon starts to relaize who he really was.  He  doesn't believe any of this nonsence, but soon goes into another world of  fantasy.  This movie, I thought was great. Every child has a fear of  growing up, that they don't want to belong in the grown-up world.  With  Peter Pan by their sides, he can take them to Never Never Land where there,  they won't have to worry about nothing at all.  Such a brillant movie!
B0000027KU|5.0|&quot;Beck's Bolero&quot; is not only one of the all time greatest instrumentals in rock,but it features a John Bonham on drums,somebody named John Paul Jones on bass, and a session guitarist known as Jimmy Page  dueling with Mr. Beck.There are only a few albums that are worthy of  excessive volume,by all means, PLAY IT LOUD !  Even Rod Stewart rocks on  this he really belts them out ! Led Zeppelin fans should enjoy this as  should all fans of heavy metal.Thanks,bye.
B00002E23H|1.0|I was kind of disappointed in the film.  It was Ok, but it needed more better graphic shark attacks and better acting if you ask me.  Spilberg's JAWS was way better that Deep Blue Sea.  Why bothing going through the  trouble making another horrible film? All it's about is these three sharks  that these scientist reseachers are studying on to make them get  &quot;smarter.&quot; Suddenly, the sharks escape and start terrorizing the  people.  If you ask me, don't bother seeing this movie.  If you want to see  a shark movie, diffinatly see JAWS.
B00000JCOV|5.0|WOW...that's all I can really say!  These guys just rule!   I love this kinda stuff!  If you SLIIPKNOT fans enjoy this...check out Travail (pluto records) and Luti-Kriss (solid state records)...you'll find them enjoyable  too!
B00002E23H|1.0|JAWS was even way better than Deep Blue Sea.  Terrible acting.  It was an OK film.  But it just needed more better &quot;special effects&quot; in the movie.  All it's manily about is three sharks that these researchers are  studying on to make them get &quot;smarter&quot; I guess that's what you  would say.  And they escape the place and start attacking the people.  Bad  graphic shark attacks, I'll have to admit.  Near towards the end of the  movie, you don't know what will happen.  If you're asking me, don't bother  seeing this movie.  If you haven't yet seen JAWS, you must see that one  instead.  Way better than Deep Blue Sea.
0671015206|5.0|As a Certified Financial Planner, this book is essential to the process of gaining and sustaining wealth for everyone!
6304508611|4.0|Based upon the novel, Carrie is about a young girl just now going into her period.  Everyone hates her at school and starts to call her &quot;Creepy Carrie.&quot; Soon, Carrie starts to get out of control, and before she  relaizes the strange supernatural powers forming inside her.  She starts to  make things float in thin air.  But before she can control her anger over  the townspeople, things start to get out of hand.  A movie with suspensful  twists and turns that only can be thought up in the mind of Stephen King.
6305750750|2.0|2 1/2 stars to be exact.  This movie was not 100% horrible, it had it's moments, seeing it constantly fluctuated from o.k. to spectacular to pointless.  When I first saw the three opening paragraphs, I instantly had  a bad feeling about the movie, it seemed empty and shallow, and I wondered  how George Lucas could possibly deliver an awesome story from that  synopses, but I said to myself this is Star Wars and I trusted George Lucas  that everything would be fine.  However I realize that I have seen the  originals innumerable times, and I have only seen the Phantom Menace three  times, twice on the first day and once on the last.  I even wonder if I saw  it this much just to say that I'm a true Star Wars buff.  This movie laid  aside the original principles and when it tried to follow them, it over  killed them or did it badly.  And example of this would be Queen Amidala's  hair styles compared to Princess Leia's, Queen Amidala's hair was a little  too much, and she changed her clothes every ten minutes (this struck me as  an attempt to pick up a Best Costume Nomination).  Jar Jar was obviously  inserted to replace Chewwy, and could have been a little more likable if he  was more serious and not so much a joker, I suggest that he matures before  Episode II.  I think most people would also agree, computer generated  characters don't cut it, they look too fake, the puppets in the originals  were a lot more believable like Sy Snootles and the Bounty Hunters.   Computer generated stuff only looks good for non-organic things like  buildings.  Star Wars also thrived on characters like Boba Fett, Lando and  Yoda, and the only new respectable characters were those on the Jedi  council and they were not explored at all, neither do they say much,  actually the majority don't say anything.  I am tempted to even say, George  Lucas has in a way betrayed Star Wars fans by being too commercially  minded, concentrating more on licensing and franchising, and then says  &quot;it wasmeant for kids&quot;, which is a cop out.  Finally the Death  Star battle in ROTJ and ANH was a very intense and serious moment for the  rebellion making you sit to the edge of your seat, but on the other hand  Anakin saves the day all by an accident and it's supposed to be  funny.<br />Well enough of the cons, to keep away from being bias, I have to  admit it did not lack visually the scenery was stunning and well depicting,  my favorite is the senate chamber, the worst is the Naboo grass landscape  (it's computer generated by the way).  The Jedi battles were very exciting  and it was nice to see how they really should be (not to say the originals  weren't).<br />All the pros are action and visual elements, the things that  make commercial movies commercial.  Movies however need not these things to  make them good, it's all about the story and it's characters, when you  think about it, most movies that win Best Picture or get nominated don't  make that much money at the box office but they are undeniably great  movies.  I understand that Star Wars has to have some commercial element,  but films such as Aliens and all the other Star Wars managed to do both and  didn't sacrifice story.<br />Star Wars wasn't intended for kids, kids' (like  me) loving it was just a by-product.  The Empire Strikes Back was the  darkest of the old trilogy and the best (it didn't even have a Death Star),  if any of them, this would be the one not for kids, I hope George Lucas  follows that template.
0440234743|5.0|John Grisham is back to himself!   This is his best book in quite a while &amp; ranks right up there with &quot;The Firm&quot; and &quot;A Time to Kill!&quot;  I've read everything he's written &amp; can't wait to read  what's next.....
B00000255X|5.0|What a better tribute to &quot;The Hurricane&quot; than Bob Dylans song.  I have never heard so many great songs on one album.  Bob Dylan is successful again with Desire.  The best singer, the best songs,  Desire...you have GOT to buy it!
0440224764|5.0|This is Grisham at his absolute best.  Though, I have read and thoroughly enjoyed all of Grisham's books, this is definitely his best.  The interesting beginning sucks you in, the scheming middle keeps you hooked,  and the ending will keep you thinking afterward.  The ending is absolutely  excellent!  I was so surprised, I sat stunned for ten minutes after I  finished it.  Definitely a fast read.
0790729989|4.0|Seven is a great film, but there is going to be a re-release that is a 2 disc set full of extras and it will be on one side.
B000002UA0|5.0|Title Taken from a Chapter in the book 'The Wind In The Willows'. An amazing Accomplishment by Pink Floyd, with the original cast: Syd Barret, Roger Waters, Rick Wright, and Nick Mason. These are almost as good as Dark  Side Of The Moon, except No Dave Gilmour, No Hammond Organ but a Farfisa  Organ, No Synthesizer, and Nick Mason doesn't sound mellow. Featuring 11  songs: <br />some with themes from 'The Wind In The Willows': The Gnome,  Chapter 24, Scarecrow<br />some with lengthy instumental passages: Astronomy  Domine, Take Up Thy Stethescope and Walk, Interstellar Overdrive, Pow R.  Toc H., Lucifer Sam, Flaming<br />some that talk about Syd Barret childhood  flashbacks: Bike, Matilda Mother<br />Buy the record, CD, or Tape, you'll see  what I'm talking about, and if Roger Waters reads this he'll definitely  know what I'm talking about.
6304316267|5.0|It was made in the 80's. It's corny but I liked it. The ladies are hot in their tight suits. No nudity.
B00000G3PA|5.0|I absolutley loved this movie.<br />In a way it was similar to &quot;deep impact&quot; but it focused on different characters and it wasn't as serious. &quot;Armageddon&quot; has everything a movie needs. Adventure,  comedy, drama, and some romance. I recommend it to anyone.
B00000099Y|5.0|Ok, lets see...You're about to go to work to face one more day counting down to 4634 days before you retire , if you dont die form stress before that..You're going to put in your car either an Elvis or a Celine Dion tape  and listen to them cuzz you think they epitomise music..While you do all  that you're gonna think &quot;what a great day and what an awesome  world&quot; and you're going to ponder whether you should replace your Tv   with a brand new &quot;Megadimetron&quot; set but not before you discuss  with your pill addicted wife (or husband) whether you should bring another  child to our harmonious human environments to share all the beauty with  us..Then you will arrive at work to take another verbal beating from your  boss before you can have your lunch break where you can call your therapist  and arrange a new session..Later on this evening you will go home , sit on  the (brand new) sofa and watch &quot;Married with children&quot; while  taking care of some work you took (again) home ..Then you will probably go  to bed so you can toss and turn about for 2-3 hours before the other pills  against insomnia kick in...    In this case do not buy this cd , chances  are you wont get the point..But on second thought , no, run to the nearest  shop and get it, there's always a chance you might get an epifany..    I  can never tell whether stunning albums are for everyone.
0440219078|4.0|I thought it was an excellent book on a possible futuristic society.  It's sad the way that they do not feel or truly live for fear or being different from society.  I hope that our society is never forced to endure such an existance.<br />It shows what a society without individualism would be like  and the result of forgetting our past. It is definatly a book worth  reading.
1573225517|4.0|John Cusack is co-writing/producing/starring in a highly anticipated movie version of HIGH FIDELITY that will be released very soon, in March 2000, I believe.  My suggestion to you - read this book now, then see the movie!  I  am sure that the movie will be great, I love Cusack and he did a great job  producing &quot;Gross Point Blank,&quot; a movie I really loved.  However,  there is much about this book that just can't possibly translate to the big  screen as well as it it came across in the book.  For instance, the record  geeks in the novel are constantly making top ten best lists in the movie,  both out loud and in their heads.  (List topics range from Seinfeld to  Springsteen)  How many of those could possibly make the big screen version?   The book is also set in London and I hear they have reset the movie  version in the states.  The British sensibilty is a big part of the book's  charm.  Again, I must recognize keen anticipation for the big screen  version.  For one thing, it will be great to hear many of the killer songs  referenced in the book, and Cusack will be a charmer as the protagonist  Rob.  Still, you should read the book before you see the movie as not to  lose the memorable experience of reading this funny, relatable charmer of a  book.  Music geeks will love it.  Anyone who digs flipping through stacks  of dusty vinyl lps and has made or received a home made mix tape will find  it an endearing mirror reflection of our own lives.
0767821769|5.0|Bravo ! Encore un film  marquer d'une pierre blanche. La qualit de l'interprtation est remarquable, au point que moi, qui suis quelqu'un de solide, aie termin le film en larmes. Susan Sarandon est poustouflante. A  regarder en famille !
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I loved this album the first time I played it. I have never heard anger put so elegantly into a song, such as in &quot;Get Gone.&quot; Fiona keeps amazing me over and over. She's only 22, but an amazing artist. If you  liked Tidal, you'll definitely love When the Pawn.... I definitely have  identified with her pain in several of the songs.
0767821769|5.0|Bravo ! Encore un film  marquer d'une pierre blanche. La qualit de l'interprtation est remarquable, au point que moi, qui suis quelqu'un de solide, aie termin le film en larmes. Susan Sarandon est poustouflante. A  regarder en famille !
B000031XCR|1.0|Well personally I would give it a zero, because this cd is not even good, its just one of those  sorry cds and i hate to say it Celine Fans, but she cant even sing and write her own songs. Oh and I have to say that MARIAH is  wayyyyy better than her, sowee again but THAT&quot;S THE WAY IT IS!
B00002E233|5.0|I went to see this movie with my best friend. To us it sounded like a remake of &quot;Jaws&quot;.<br />But when we saw the movie, we realized how wrong we were about that. To both of us &quot;Deep blue sea&quot; was a  VERY black comedy, unlike Jaws. We both knew about how the special effects  were made but that didn't affect our opininon on the movie.<br />If you like  to laugh at inappropriate times, or watch people getting ripped apart by  sharks, then this is the movie for you.
B000002BBY|5.0|I haven't listen to a song more than I have to Wonderwall. Its one of those albums you are thinking about listening to even thought you're no there to listen to it.I love the recording quality as well as the mixing.  The instrumental idea is nothing but the best in this album. I reccomend  this album to anybody and everybody. These guys are like the Beatles, only  better.<br />Thank-you
6305171769|1.0|I heard that this was a good movie so I rushed out to rent it, mainly because I love horror movies. After I finished watching it I was bored and unsatisfied.<br />Because I live in Australia, this movie was rated  &quot;M15+&quot; (that's PG13+ to you).<br />I think it barely derserved to be  rated PG. It was so STUPID!  Everything, right down to the blood was  OBVIOUSLY fake and it was WAY too over the top and too hammed up to be even  SLIGHTLY scary.<br />Take my advice.... don't rent this movie unless your  DESPARATE and I mean REALLY desparate!
0684874350|3.0|As is often the case, the book is less consequential than the public reaction to it.  The latter is far more instructive than the former will ever be.
B00003000M|5.0|There are a lot of ignorants in this world that do not really understand the whole legacy of bob marley. He wanted to be loved, and he did things so people would love him. He also wanted to spread the message of our religion  around the world, and make us come out as good people, scince about 50  years ago, us rasta people were thought to be very dangerous. He wanted his  message to continue to be spread, no matter if he were dead or not. And I  think that this album does just that. It spreads his message onto a new  generation, with the help of up and coming singers. It also adds new senses  of rythm, for those people who are not into the reggae vibe. I think this  disk is something Bob would of have done himself if he were still alive.  And please people, do not critizize this album, for it is one of the only  things that has lived up to this bob marley legacy. And for that superape  man, you really are going against everything rastafarianism stands for.  It's all about peace.  Love for everyone.
B000003S5H|5.0|When was that again? January 98, London, got the Eurostar in the morning from Paris, thought the hype around Air was just a cloud over northern France, but no; it had crossed the Channel too. Just because I was in a bad  mood I sneered a lot. 2 years later it's obvious Moon Safari was the  background music of the late 90s, sophisticated, mellow, cool and stylish.  I don't approve of all these things but they're here to stay, so be it,  Air... flows.
B00003OSSL|5.0|RANDOM HEARTS was my favorite movie of 1999, but it is most definitely not a movie for everyone.  To enjoy RH, you must have an attention span longer than a sound bite.  Everything will not be spelled out for you, and you  will actually have to do a little thinking.  The movie is unapologetically  grim for most of its running time, which based on its plot, it should be.   Life is not always beautiful, as this movie so subtlely shows.  And subtle  is the keyword in describing RH.  Everything you need to know about the  characters is in the film, but it is not always verbal or blatantly  obvious.  The movie is an emotional puzzle, and if you can't put together  the pieces, you will dislike this film.  I found putting the pieces  together a refreshing challenge.  In my opinion, the ending to RH is both a  classic and a hair-puller.  That is all I'll say.<br />I'm purchasing the DVD  mainly for director Sydney Pollack's commentary and the deleted scenes.   There are a couple of scenes in RANDOM HEARTS, the &quot;car&quot; one in  particular, that I can't wait to hear his commentary on.  I'm also  intrigued to know what wound up on the cutting room floor.
630575067X|5.0|THIS WAS AN EXCELLANT FILM! I wasen't old enough to watch the first,second,or third film in theaters, but i think that watching this in the theater brought the magic of of the film even better. If you are into  films from lucas before, especially the original star wars trilogy, then  you will REALLY enjoy this. I don't understand why most people gave this  GREAT film such a bad review, saying that it was anoying with JarJar and  such, but Lucas is trying to reach out to the new generation of kids so he  can have more people to njoy the film.. It's just like when the 70's  generation saw it, Lucas reached out to everyone, aking them enjoy it, so  he thought he'd do that again with the comic releif JarJar.. Yeah, he is  annoying, but to the younger adiences it's really funny, so they have  something to enjoy about the movie also..It's not JUST supposed to be for  adults, it's for everyone, and in order to do that, Lucas made a new  character to relate to the younger fans... But, all in all, this FILM WAS  THE BEST STAR WARS YET! Ground breaking special effects, great plot, and  makes sence of the original star wars films.. This is a must see film, I  RECOMMEND IT FOR EVERYONE!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Fight Club takes you through a surprising world where nothing, not even fight clubs, are what they seem. One of the top ten films of the year, this movie is misunderstood by many who deplore its violence, yet fail to  realize that it isn't central to the movie's point.
0875428940|5.0|Out of all of the Tarot decks I've tried, this is my favorite. The art is wonderful, the symbolism easier to interpret, and the Minor Arcana's illustrations &quot;speak out&quot; more than any I've seen.
B00000IPAX|5.0|The best songs on here are Whats My Age Again, All The Small Things, Dont Leave Me, &amp; Adam's Song. Blink 182 have brought a new voice to the sound of punk rock, and I like it!
B00000K2SC|4.0|Very good special effects and a thrilling ride through a different dimension of life.
B000001IPL|5.0|This album has some of the songs the Offspring are famous for- Self Esteem, Bad Habit, Genocide, Gotta Get Away, &amp; more! If you buy 2 punk rock cds released in 1994, make it this &amp; Green Day's Dookie!
6304873441|5.0|As an adult with a scientific mind, I do not often watch animated pictures, yet this one I was glad I did not miss. To all those who complain about realism and treat this picture as a real movie: it is as much to a  movie as a fairy tale is to a short story by E.A.Poe; which certainly makes  it none the less likable, enjoyable, enchanting - faeric indeed!<br />As for  math theorems... How truly courageous it was for this American nameless  person to come out with such a witty comment! How fortunate it is, too,  that the creators of Anastasia made their characters think of better  ones...
B000002UB3|5.0|The Best!  All Beatles albums are genious! I must admit, i casually tossed this one aside after listening to my other Beatles albums, thinking that it was not as pop oriented, and essentially boring. I later realized that was  a great mistake on my part! All the songs on this album connect to  something else on the album, like the medely of &quot;Mean Mr.  Mustard&quot;, &quot;Polythene Pam&quot;, and &quot;She Came in Through the  Bathroom Window&quot;, or &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; and the  end of 'Carry That Weight&quot;. &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; and  &quot;Carry That Weight&quot; melt into each other, and it is finished off  with &quot;The End&quot;, a masterpiece that will never age...I feel it  sums up the end of the Beatles, and in the end! I really think that you  cannot be a real Beatles fan without possing this album...truly shows the  evolution of the best band of all time!
6304873441|5.0|As an adult with a scientific mind, I do not often watch animated pictures, yet this one I was glad I did not miss. To all those who complain about realism and treat this picture as a real movie: it is as much to a  movie as a fairy tale is to a short story by E.A.Poe; which certainly makes  it none the less likable, enjoyable, enchanting - faeric indeed!<br />As for  math theorems... How truly courageous it was for this American nameless  person to come out with such a witty comment! How fortunate it is, too,  that the creators of Anastasia made their characters think of better  ones...
B00003CXBK|5.0|O.K. i didn't exactly BUY this DVD, but, i DID see the movie in the theaters. I know, it's hard to find out where it was playing, but i had my brother tell me, so i went to see it. O MY GOD!  this movie was GREAT!  it  has very good background  music and background scenes. it's a movie about  man against nature. i'm tellng you that this was NOT a waste of money nor  time and that it made the most money ever made in Japan, and the second  most money was Titanic.
B00000IMCW|5.0|Okay Where can i begin ..oh i know the NIGHT OF LIVING DEAD .. I can honestly say   that after watching the 1968 version and the 1990 version,that i prefer the latter due to its black humour and strong female  lead.The cast do a great job,and the re-telling does the classic 68 version  justice...poor Ben ! Okay can anyone tell me they never cringed when  Barbara's brother hit that head stone .....?To my all time fav horror movie  ..DAWN ..hmmm i own all 3 versons (126 mins us version/euro verson  -(argentos vers),and the dir cut ..138 mins ...ive seen all 3 hundreds of  times but the 138 min version is most exellent version ..i urge all fans to  seek out this great zombie flick ..its slick ..and the film ahead never  lets you go.(im still wondering about this so-called alternate ending  ..where peter kills himself with his gun and frans head gets removed by the  heli-blades..)i can never ever get bored of watching the dir cut and just  may give it a whirl again tonight...cause &quot;when theres no more room in  hell,the dead will walk the earth..&quot; Now Day of The Dead is a great  gore filled explosive ending that shocks all..its  a very closed in movie  with enother strong female lead ...dont be fooled this movie is a real  punch in the gut ...!  very very gory...cool ! ive heard many ppl say that  Dawn is a slow starter ,i can see there point (slightly) but as the first  20 mins skip to the first zombie bite...and that famous basement scene..its  begins to run faster and you get a real picture of all the cast as they  come together for a couple of months of living hell..the shopping mall was  a great place to begin and end this movie ..the cast begin to wonder if  there is any point in escaping because basically &quot;where the hell  to?&quot; Never forget this movie was made in 78 and still can deleliver  a  huge impact on new viewers ,see it now see it soon ... come on George give  us a 4th one ..please ? After all i can maybe offer a title for it ..how  about &quot;DAWN OF THE DEAD 2-HUMANS ON THE RUN
6305205620|5.0|Ok metallica is by far the best band in the world. I own the DVD and VHS of Cunning Stunts. If you just have a VCR get the VHS cause well it is metallica and they are good on any format. The VHS edition is just the  concert on the tape. It is a superb concert and sounds excellent on the  stereo. If you have a DVD player and have not gotten the DVD edition. DO  SO. It has the superb concert that is shown on the VHS tape and they threw  in alot of bells and whistles like behind the scenes and different angles  so you can watch any of the bandmembers you want for the whole song. (This  is only on 3 songs probably due to the large amount of DVDs required to do  all songs) Either way get one or the other dammit!
6302909651|2.0|This is not a good film. If you like Sharon Stone I recommend 'Casino', and if you like Tom Berenger I recommend 'Platoon'. The film could have been much better, voyeurism is a provocative subject but it isn't well  executed in this film. You can see the final conclucion a mile away, and  the ending is not satisfying. Rent it first. From a scale of 1-10 I give it  a 4.
B000002UAC|4.0|This record is a great piece of simple rock 'n roll. It is simplistic compared with later records, though it is quite a leap forward from 'Please Please me'. It has double tracking, pianos, organs and bongos. The  originals are great and you get the 'Roll Over Beethoven' and 'Till There  Was You' covers as well. An album that gives anyone with an interest in the  group a good feel of The Beatles' beginnings.
0064471837|5.0|\\"It was Kerrigor. The soldiers who'd barred the door lay dead around him, pale flesh islands about a sea of darkness. He had no shape now, but there were semi-human features in the great ink-splash of his presence. Eyes of white fire, and a yawning mouth that was lined with flickering coals of a  red as dark as drying blood.\\"  When I read this part of the book,  Sabriel, by Garth Nix, I thought it was neat the way he used certain words  to describe things. One part I liked was when he said, \\"The soldiers who'd  barred the door lay dead around him, pale flesh islands about a sea of  darkness.\\"  The reason I liked it so much is that it's original and  colorful. I liked the way the author phrased it: \\"pale flesh islands about  a sea of darkness.\\" I also liked it when he used the words: \\"semi-human  features in the ink-splash of his presence,\\" when he (he being the author)  was describing Kerrigor. It's just great language when he said, \\"ink-splash  of his presence.\\"  In conclusion, Garth Nix is good at using  descriptive language.
6305537798|5.0|I'm a big fan of shakespare and thrilled to see a mondern version of one of his better plays. 10 thinghs is funny and romantic at the same time. It might have been made for a younger audiance, but the same message got  acrossed,  &quot;love is full of surprises, good and bad.&quot;<br />I also  think the director pick just the right actors for their parts.
6301697707|5.0|This movie is in my personal top 10 - which just shows how much I enjoyed it. It may not be art, but by gum, it's cracking good fun. The comedy is suitably black and nasty, the tension is very palpable, and the concept -  well, the concept may not be absolutely original (what is, these days?) but  it is very good. I think very highly of it as an example of how good a  horror movie should be, ironic, intelligent, sassy, smart and well-acted.  The monsters are JUST this side of credible, which makes it all the more  riveting. Last night, I was walking across three deserted football pitches  on campus and suddenly remembered this movie - and had to keep reminding  myself that it was JUST a movie. That is the sign of a successful  &quot;beast&quot; horror movie. It relies upon common sense, a humourous  screenplay, actors who do not ham any more than is necessary, and a general  atmosphere of cracking good fun. Brilliant stuff.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is the most incredible movie I have ever seen. It may not be completely historically accurate, but the storyline is superb, the score is fitting and very moving, and the overall effect is a knockout. Some gory  battle scenes do not detract from what is one of the best movies ever made.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I really like this cd.  It is well worth a listen.  The songs &quot;Whats my Age Again?&quot; and &quot;All the Small Things&quot; are the best ones.  These guys are great and very talented.  I think anyone who likes their  kind of music should buy this.
B00002E23H|5.0|I thought this moovie was excellent, but why do all the great looking girls always die? WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY!   That was the onlly bad thing about it.  Movie gave me some dreams I'm tellin' you.   Awesome!  Or maybe I'm just partial to shark movies.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd is awesome.  I love all the songs, especially Nookie, Re-Arranged and Break Stuff.  I think this cd is well worth a listen.  Everyone should get it. Fred Durst and the others are really talented!
B000002KO3|3.0|Not the right music for dancing but this album has good/interesting lyrics and beat.
6305750750|4.0|When George is going to roll out the DVD format for his movies?  I think that we have waited long enough.
B0000399WI|5.0|leonard maltin says this movie is hollow ,predictable and overlong...leonard maltin is a very silly person..i think hes hollow ...shawshank redemption is the only movie that my dad has cried to....so  there you go....a modern classic
B000002H97|5.0|hai...beb you are really give me inspiration ,thank you for all and when you create a new album  i still waiting for... i hope ..better albums.. ok   .... chow beb.
B00002Z88D|4.0|The boys of Metallica have said it over and over again, and they are true to their word: in the music business, innovation keeps you alive.  Metallica have long since departed from the slash and burn tactics employed  on &quot;Kill 'em All&quot;, and have even drifted away from the lengthy,  intricate compositions of &quot;... And Justice For All&quot;.  Throughout  their career they have been tweeking their image, and pursuing their  creative interests through their music, and that is why Metallica are still  the kings of metal, and why they haven't gone the way of many of their  metal contemporaries (G'n'R, Flotsam and Jetsam, etc.)  &quot;S&amp;M&quot;  is a firm statement by Metallica that they can still blow their fans and  audiences away, while changing styles from 80's thrash to a more  contemporary 90's metal/alternative fusion, and pursuing new creative  outlets.  The San Francisco Orchestra turns an already powerful Metallica  song into a thundering, menacing, beast that raises the hairs on the back  of your neck, and sends lasting chills up and down your spine.  The  orchestration mixes with some songs better than others (the older tunes  better than the newer ones), but all in all, you are left with a collection  of Metallica's greatest songs, risen to a level previously unattained by  any other hard rock group.  &quot;S&amp;M&quot; is another example of  Metallica's eternal status as the kings of metal.
B000002KNY|5.0|this album is one of their best works. they are truly the greatest band ever.
6301661737|5.0|This movie is fine, I like it! Hope you enjoy it as well
1573226521|4.0|I thought the movie was pretty good so I read the book.  And I wanted it to be good, but overall I really wasn't impressed that much with it.  <br />If you are looking for page-turner, this is not what you are looking for.  If  you like travel, then you might like it.  It's interesting, let's leave it  at that.  Not one to burn the midnight oil over.<br />As for Garland, his  first novel is good, there is no doubt.  Maybe it's just me, but I didn't  like the first person throughout the whole thing...it read like a diary or  something.  If I want to read a diary, I'll read Anne Frank's(or my  sister's!).  The book is good, but could be better.  I would have given it  3 stars, but the ending is good, better than the movie's, so I added one  more.  If unsure, save some money and just see the film.
6303471714|5.0|This is fun and a great workout! I started using this tape 2 years ago. I'm always a little sore (in a good way!)the next day even though I've done this workout a thousand times! The variety is great. The pace is sometimes  fast but you can take it at your own pace. I also have her next challenge  but I much prefer this one!
B000007ODM|4.0|This is a wonderful CD.  I first heard the recording when on a vacation in Israel.  It was played as the processional at a beautiful wedding.  During the entire trip I tried to find it.  I couldn't find it anywhere.  Not  knowing the artist or song didn't help.  While at the airport preparing for  my flight back to the US, I heard it playing at a music store in the  airport gallery.  It is a wonderful CD with upbeat music.  I find it  relaxing and good music to sleep with.
0780626966|5.0|if your going to buy any dvd this year, this is the one you should get, if not for the movies, then for the 8 disc. it gives you all the stuff,right from the mouth of the people in the films and beyond, plus it has a game  that is so awesome,it's a must have for any dvd/ horror collector.           p.s. if anyone out there has pass the labyrinth please let me know at  freddy_49002@yahoo.com with your e mail address so we can talk.
B000002UDB|5.0|Filled with many classics. This was my favorite album of theirs after Sgt Pepper. Fool on the Hill, Walrus, Strawberry Fields, Penny Lane....  Lots of good ones. I highly recommend this to all Beatles fans.
0881030856|5.0|I loved it! I couldn't stop reading it! It was so creative and unique! It is and will stay my most favorite book! Hats off to Richard Adams, a sheer genius! I can't wait to read the sequel!
B000002UDB|5.0|Filled with many classics. This was my favorite album of theirs after Sgt Pepper. Fool on the Hill, Walrus, Strawberry Fields, Penny Lane....  Lots of good ones. I highly recommend this to all Beatles fans.
B00000258J|5.0|strong music. if youre thinking to buy this consider buying the Hard Again/I'm Ready/King Bee [BOX SET].
B000005YZM|5.0|I'm so happy to see that this is enjoying a revival. Every song here is a classic. &quot;Care Of Cell 44&quot; has got to be the best pop song of all time.   <br />If you like this, you may want also want to check out THERE'S  GONNA BE A STORM by The Left Banke. They were the O&amp;O-era Zombies'  American counterparts.
0679721037|5.0|No matter what your views of the atomic bomb are.  Whether you think Japan deserved the bomb, or Truman did it to save lives and end the war, or that the bomb was really nuclear diplomacy: you should still read this book.  A  tiny little book that shows the human effects of the bomb.  Well written,  short and to the point.  This is a must read.  Anyone who is interested in  WWII and the bomb needs to read this book.  I thank my US History since  1945 Professor, Dr. Crawly for assigning us this book.
068484267X|5.0|What an eye-opening memoir for our all too materialistic society.  The astonishing living conditions of Frank McCourt's early childhood would shock anyone in current times, however, they rose to meet these economic  challenges with humor and a will to succeed.  Gives us the reality check we  all so desperately need!  Frank McCourt brings us through his childhood to  young adulthood with such a force - you find it quite difficult to put the  book down.  Makes you yearn for 'What happens next?...'
0385472951|2.0|That was my third try on Grisham's books, and the last one. Yes, I did enjoyed it... some sentences. The book is dull, the plot is boring and the characters are the most unreliable people you might deal with during your  life. Believe me, Grisham says by the middle of the book that people with  at least a little bit of culture speaks French in Brazil. He should makes  better on reseaching for his next book. People who has a bit of culture  here speaks English or Spanish. No French, for God's sake! I really can't  understand why John Grisham is the most successful author of the planet. I  see no reason for that. By the way, I do. Grisham has something called  &quot;marketing&quot;. During 24 hours a day you see the word GRISHAM  throbing in your head, because all the communication means are saying his  name, for you to buy his books. People turn his books into movies with  famous people. Sellers are instructed to say his books are interesting.  They aren't even readable! The problem is: people are so blind that buy  everything that media tells you to buy. There are so better authors on the  genre out there and people just don't see this. But if he's so famous, he  might have something good to offer. Yes, he does. THE TESTAMENT is really  an interesting book. But he's not the God in paper people want him to be.  His books are just common ones. Nothing special and easily forgetable.
B000020617|5.0|This latest album by the foo fighters has most definately been written to entertain the light music taste of the British as this is their most poppy album yet. However, don't let this deter any of you hardcore rock fans that  think pop is weak and it is the rock rejects that fall into that category.  This album is a piece of genius by ex nirvana drummer Dave Grhol and the  team. The first three songs on here could send your babies to sleep with  the brilliant vocals from the aforementioned genius and learn to fly is one  of the best songs of the year. This album can entertain everyone with  hardcore tastes to those who prefer lighter music.This is a must buy CD.
0140186395|4.0|This book is not as famous or as widely recognised as The Grapes of Wrath or Of Mice and Men, but it is interesting that the author considered all previous books as 'practice' for the great novel of his life, which is East  of Eden. (Journal of a Novel: The East of Eden Letters)<br />This novel,  together with Burning Bright, is my favourite of Steinbeck books.  <br />It  runs in two parallel story lines - one of the Trasks where the Cain and  Abel fable is replicated in two generations; and that of the Hamiltons,  Steinbeck's own maternal family - the telling is fun and full of affection  and great tenderness, especially the portrayal of Samuel, Steinbeck's  grandfather. The effect of the parallel stories, which cross only very  tenuously gives the effect of a very great scope of the novel, a full sweep  of history, and place and time immortal.<br />I could give a very bland  description of what happens - but I won't because it is a poor copy of what  Steinbeck does a thousand times better.  What I can write about is that  reading this story (and I have read it many times) always gives me a full,  satisfied feeling.  I think it is because it covers the great extremes of  many themes, and all in between.  Great good, and monstrous evil; love and  hate ... all mixed up in a complex soup, which is perhaps as simple as any  experience of life.<br />Ironically, my favourite characters are the very very  good Samuel, and the very very bad Cathy.
B000007OY0|5.0|I can't review this film, I lose all elequence when talking about a film I love this much. I will say that Morgan Freeman's voice over is the best voice over in history. Among my favourite passages in this singular  masterpiece is the sequence of Brooks trying to adjust to life on the  outside, looking for his bird in the park, its one of the most sublimely  moving sequences in film history, and underlies the films central theme ,  which is voiced in a great scene by Freeman &quot;These Walls are funny,  first you hate them, enough times passes, you come to depend on  them.&quot;Meaning in life, people liiving in terrible conditions for a  long enough period of time might actually go back to them voluntarily if  they don't do something about it soon enough.(I did mention that I lose all  elequence, so no apologies). A lesson that is delivered by Andy in a payoff  so beautiful that I would kill to see it again for the first time, yet  strangely enough never loses its impact on repeated viewings. Right now ,  I'm in the process of hunting down people who haven't seen it, so I can  show it to them and see it again through their eyes.Unquestionably the  greatest film of nineties(much better than its oscar compition Forest Gump  and even Pulp Fiction), it, along with Midnight Run,The Thin Red Line and  Goodfellas , is my all-time favourite movie. See it now. Then see it again.
6303913903|4.0|Showgirls is a movie that really divides you,some of its elements are fantastic other not that much,i believe if they were careful in some points it would be greater.The dance routines are fantastic and fast,the bodies  great,the music is really really good,the plot is great but they could have  modified some scenes,for example the rape scene in the end could have been  a little more covered not so broadened,the actors are very well chosen and  it shows reality and fast rhytms,i do not know if reality is really so bad  or that people involved in such a life are so ambitious and ruthless.But i  think it worth more than what is said,many people say bad stuff but i do  not think they really paid attention more than what meets the eye.Check it  that is my advice.
B000002J1S|5.0|I have endured what can only amount to an incalulable number of hours of music, and of many differing styles.  I was amazed at the Beatles &quot;White Album&quot;, as were many countless others. However, it ranks  little in comparison to this masterpiece by Genesis, which remains  indelibly stamped into my mind.<br />It was sad to see the route taken by the  group hereafter, albeit some of their music during Collins' reign, was  surely memorable.  But times have changed again, and I see a resurgance of  my interest with the appointment of Ray Wilson, who conjures up memories of  Peter Gabriel so vividly.<br />The roller coaster ride provided on the  &quot;Lamb&quot; is a truly wonderful experience of differing emotions, and  has left me in a semi-hypnotic state, since I first heard it.<br />Nothing  else can or will ever touch this album in terms of musical variety and  spleandour.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is definetly one of the best cds of all time. It has all cool songs and if you don't have it and are a fan of punk rock, GO OUT AND BUY IT NOW!  You won't be disappointed and it will definetly be worth  your money!
0684803356|4.0|Slowly slowly, little by little, the tensions between the characters of this novel build to reveal the incredible and hopeless predicament they find themselves in. I can empathise with those who do not like Hemingway,  he is an acquired taste. But push on with this novel. It is far FAR better  than the endlessly dull Farewell To Arms, the scene where the old woman  recalls the way the Fascists were executed by the peasants is just  electrifying, and haunts me to this day. Of all Hemingway books I've read,  this is my favourite.
6304675348|5.0|Scream is the best horror movie! When it first was released in theaters in 1996, I didn't expect much from it because horror movies weren't that popular. But I saw it anyway, and it was phenomenal! With it's TV-friendly  cast, pop culture references, and cliche-breaking scares, Scream has  redefined the horror genre, and will go down in history as a cult hit!
B000002A3T|5.0|On recommendation, I bought Dark Side Of The Moon by Pink Floyd, my first album by the band. I had heard this was their best. Not on your life. I listened to The Division Bell and was stunned.  I could not believe what an  amazing album I had just purchased.  I had heard that Floyd were &quot;past  it&quot; from the 80's onwards, but unless I am missing something pretty  major, I do not find this to be the case.  The lyrics, vocals and music are  amazing. It's epic and an all round classic. My only criticism is that this  album is &quot;overproduced&quot; in the way that it sounds exactly as it  should do, if that makes any sense. Some will find this bad. I on the other  hand see it as a great thing. Do not believe a word people say when they  tell you that this is inferior to other Pink Floyd releases. It isn't true.   I will leave you with one piece of advice, which I think you should take.   Buy this album. Goodnight.
6304938276|5.0|Scream 2 definitely lives up to the success of the original!   Like the original, the sequel has all the pop culture references, the humor, and the scares that made it one of the most popular horror films of all time!  Although, the ending could've been a little better. It seemed as though the  decision as to who the killers would be was decided by pulling names out of  a hat. Other then that, it was awesome!
B00003CXA6|5.0|Truly a great American classic about one the greatest defining moments in American history. This movies shows both sides of the cause and even lets viewers in on the fact that the South did not fight necessarily for slavery  as schools like to teach, in fact as the movie points out slavery would  have been abolished had the South won.  But points out that the South  fought against something that many Americans feel today-The Intrusion Of  The Federal Government-into our personal lives and telling what us we can  and can't do rather than it being the way our government was supposed to be  with the people in control of states and the states in control of the  Federal Government. No matter what side you feel is right this movie shows  both sides with a fair and impartial light that illuminates men fighting  for what they believe and by our American forefarthers standards then none  can be wrong. Truly a great movie with great acting and great action that  makes you feel like your there.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|It's really amazing to see the growth that Ms. Apple has gone through since her last album.  First and foremost, she's learned to smile...both for the album photos, and in her music.  Although masterful, her last album  seemed to try too hard to be dark and deep, and the end product came off as  restrained.  Perhaps an indication of the emotional &quot;holding  back&quot; she was experiencing at the time?  I don't know that much about  her personal life, but she seems a lot more free and expressive on this  album and not so worried about how &quot;dark&quot; she looks and sounds.   It seems as though she has finally found the balance between being dark and  light, and the result is a better album.  I sincerely look forward to  anything this young dynamo has to offer us in the future.
B000001EAQ|5.0|I remembering watching MTV one night, and they kept on playing all the music videos by U2.  When &quot;Discotheque&quot; came on, I was amazed by the sound.  I then bought the album when it came out in March.   &quot;Mofo&quot; was a cool song to me!  &quot;Staring at the  &quot;Sun&quot;, &quot;Please&quot;, &quot;If You Wear That Velvet  Dress&quot;, &quot;Gone&quot;, and &quot;Last Night on Earth&quot; are  really new great songs from U2.  They really, to me, found what they were  looking for on this album.  The music ia a whole lot different from the  others, but this one is their third best.  &quot;POP&quot; really didn't  get to many good reviews when it came out.  Everybody thought U2 was going  to end.  You have to understand the only way you're going to like this  album is if you're a huge U2 fan like me.  If you all of a sudden like U2,  then I wouldn't let this be your first album.  I would recommend  &quot;October.&quot;  &quot;October&quot; fully explains early music of U2.   You have to get the flow of their music.  Let &quot;POP&quot; be the last  album you get from U2.  But if you don't want to take my advice, and if you  really want it, nuy it right now!
6305750750|4.0|Gosh, what a great movie. . .  What is good about it?  The story!  Yes, the story.  If you feel that the movie is about a young boy that will eventually become Darth Vader, you are wrong.  Its not about Anakin.  The  action surrounds the Trade Federation blockade of Naboo.  I won't spoil the  movie for those that haven't seen it, but there are motivations behind this  blockade.  If you have seen this movie, think about this for a moment and  then re-evaluate. . .<br />The acting?  This is a spot of contention.  I feel  Liam Neeson, Natalie Portman, Ian McDiarmid and Pernellia August are  wonderful!  Ewan McGreggor doesn't get a chance to shine as he does in  other movies (for lack of participation.)  He only has about 15 lines  total.  <br />All technical aspects of the movie are outstanding.  I won't go  into much detail here.  Just read some of the other reviews. . .<br />Was it  perfect?  No.  At first I didn't like Jar Jar, but he's grown on me since  my first viewing. Jake Lloyd is not up to the task of showing emotion  (especially when saying goodbye to his mother) in his acting.  The  Midiclorians turn Star Wars into Star Trek.<br />Is it worth seeing?   Definitely.  Is it the best movie of all time?  Definitely not.  Does it  live up to all the hype that the media, fans and Lucas poured on us for  months?  How could it?  <br />I cannot understand how people can say they  didn't like this movie.  It has everything a movie needs: Plot, characters,  action, music, suspense. . . Those that say it doesn't have these elements  weren't paying attention. . .<br />Go see it.  Decide for yourself. . .
B000002H2H|5.0|ok, I dont normally give five stars for albums but for this cd I really just had to! It's an album that is just plain old how do I say it &quot;AMAZING&quot; , it really just a great album with awesome guitar  playing and Lars Ulrich is awesome at the drums and James Hettfeild lyrics  are great, so the bottom line is that this album is a timeless masterpeice.  It is the best Metallica album of ALL time without a doubt.
0679746048|5.0|This book is gripping from page one with honesty and a true-life story.  It takes the reader through an emotional journey, while staying within the confins of a mental hospital.  This book is as real as it gets, which  causes the reader to honestly stop and evaulute their own personal lives.   It is one book that comes highly recommended.
0151001634|5.0|I recently read this book with my class and I have to say this is the most interesting, powerful book I've ever read. The way Keyes displayed Charlie's emotions before and after the operation he had was just a  wonderful way to let you know how he felt. There were a couple metophoric  paragraphs in here that made you feel as if you were Charlie and I had to  read them over and over again to get the picture.
6303443192|5.0|amazing, they're playing so natural and make me feel that a vampire is not a zombie, but human too. they can feel, hurt, happy and love somebody.
B00000K458|4.0|An interesting album for Hawkwind, and one that must've come as quite a change to fans in 1974. After &quot;In Search of Space,&quot; &quot;Doremi Fasol Latido&quot; and &quot;Space Ritual,&quot; (all of which I'd give 5  Stars) this was a bit more progressive in terms of songwriting, and a bit  less forceful in terms of sheer lysergic-effects pedal driven overloads.  While I don't agree that this is Hawkwind's best LP, it is  one of their  last excellent albums (&quot;Warriors on the Edge of Time&quot; being the  very last of their classic United Artists album run). <br />In case they ever  re-release these records as domestic CDs, I'd rate them as  follows:<br />Hawkwind- 4 Stars In Search of Space- 5 Stars Doremi Fasol  Latido- 5 Stars Space Ritual- 5 Stars Hall of the Mountain Grill- 4 Stars  Warriors on the Edge of Time- 4 Stars<br />(from that point on, I'm unable to  advise).
B00001PE4D|5.0|I believe that this movie is ahead of its time, and that's why it has had such mixed reviews.  I have not been captured by characters like this in a long time.  It's  also a clever adaption of the novel if you've read it  before like me.  Amoral people are the most interesting people to watch and  no one is more amoral than Kathryn and Sebastian.
B000000XCH|5.0|CCR's 5th album must have been the PEAK of their run;  so many great, inspired songs here!  After the sprawling borderline-progressive opener &quot;Ramble Tamble&quot; it's almost a greatest hits album!   &quot;Travelin' Band&quot; (on my short list of &quot;loudest songs ever  recorded&quot; and the current show-closer-- what could POSSIBLY come after  it?), &quot;Ooby Dooby&quot;, &quot;Lookin' Out My Back Door&quot;  (definitely a Buck Owens fan), &quot;Run Through The Jungle&quot;, &quot;Up  Around The Bend&quot;, &quot;Who'll Stop The Rain&quot; (remember when BOTH  sides of a 45 were &quot;A&quot;-side material?), &quot;I Heard It Through  The Grapevine&quot; (a version that stands well against Marvin Gaye's AND  Gladys Knight's-- isn't it amazing that at 11:05 it doesn't seem &quot;too  long&quot;? ) and &quot;Long as I Can See the Light&quot;.  WOW!
0440234743|4.0|John Grisham's books have always succeeded in entertaining me, and The Testament is no exception.  This story doesn't take place in the typical Southern setting, which was kind of a nice change.  Rather than focusing on  some complex conspiracy or riveting courtroom drama, this story deals a lot  with basic human nature, particularly greed, which is equally interesting.  There is also a distinct relgious element to the story.  I am not a  religious guy, and I was impressed at Grisham's ability to deal with  religion without sounding &quot;preachy&quot;.  The Testament is a good  example of the fact that Grisham is not just a &quot;formula&quot; author,  and I would recommend this book to anyone, whether they are a Grisham fan  or not.
B000000XCK|4.0|CCR's 6th album was the only one on which John Fogerty wrote EVERY song.  But maybe by this time he was over-working himself?  Some cool stuff here:  &quot;Sailor's Lament&quot; (real bouncy), &quot;Chameleon&quot; (with  those horns, it sounds a bit like Motown or Stax!), &quot;Born To  Move&quot; (ditto).  There's also &quot;Rude Awakening #2&quot;, an  organ-based instro which definitely steps into the &quot;progressive&quot;  mold (perhaps TOO far?).  Amidst this are the outright CLASSICS, &quot;Have  You Ever Seen The Rain?&quot; (wonderfully covered years later by Bonnie  Tyler) and &quot;Hey Tonight&quot; (funny, both of these were on the same  45!).  I note the cover picture is dark, unlike their earlier ones-- and  Tom Fogerty has an angry scowl on his face.  How often these things reflect  what went on behind the scenes!  Tom left CCR right after this.  Maybe the  band would could have held together longer if they'd ALL just taken a nice  vacation from all that hard work?
6305750750|5.0|This is a great movie, and fits in perfectly with the rest of the movies.  I have absolutely no idea why this movie was nominated for worst movie of the year!  This story fits right between Empire and Jedi.  Mainly the only  problem with the movie was Lloyd's bad acting skills.  Jar Jar Binks is an  incredible character, and should win an award for his performance.  Ahmed  Best was awesome as the voice of the computer animated creature.  A MUST  SEE!
0385486804|5.0|I loved this book.  It's one of the most original and satisfying works of non-fiction I've read in a long time.  Mr. Krakauer writes beautifully, and he did an amazing amount of on-the-ground research to unravel the mystery  of Chris McCandless, a very remarkable, if difficult, young man.  <br />Having  just read the 1-star review below by the anonymous person from Freeport  Maine, I can't let his/her negative observations pass without comment.   First of all, Mr./Ms. Freeport accuses Mr. Krakauer of writing &quot;Into  the Wild&quot; in order to cash in on the success of his bestseller  &quot;Into Thin Air.&quot;  This is somewhat unlikely, because &quot;Into  the Wild&quot; was published more than a year BEFORE Mr. Krakauer wrote  &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;! <br />Also, Mr./Ms. Freeport opines that  McCandless's &quot;story and his family should be left alone.  Shame on Mr.  Krakauer for attempting to profit from their intense loss.&quot;  The only  problem with this opinion is that the McCandless family has stated publicly  that they are extremely glad Mr. Krakauer wrote &quot;Into the Wild.&quot;   <br />In early 1996, a month or two before Mr. Krakauer went to Mt. Everest, I  saw him give a lecture/slide show about &quot;Into the Wild&quot; at a  Borders bookstore outside of Baltimore.  At the beginning of the lecture  Mr. Krakauer introduced Walt and Billie McCandless, Chris's parents, who  were in the audience that night.  After the slide show I approached them  and told them how much I admired their son.  Then I asked them what they  thought of Mr. Krakauer's book.  They said they were extremely grateful  that Mr. Krakauer had written it, because &quot;Into the Wild&quot; had  answered many riddles about their son that had been troubling them--riddles  that would have otherwise gone unanswered.  Mr. McCandless even admitted  that in some ways Mr. Krakauer had probably come to know Chris better than  they knew him during the last years of his life.  Both Mr. and Mrs.  McCandless spoke quite highly of Mr. Krakauer's integrity and his skill as  a journalist.
B00000K19E|2.0|I very muck liked the movie when I went to see at the theater.  But when I bought it on DVD. The pausing through out the movie kind of made you mad.  I would not buy it on DVD.
6305750750|5.0|Back in 1977, George Lucas pushed Hollywood's bar of quality up quite a few notches with &quot;Star Wars&quot;.  For the past 22 years, Hollywood has been desperately trying to knock it back down.<br />In a day and age when  most TV shows and movies fall short of our expectations, &quot;Episode One:  The Phantom Menace&quot; is a much needed sigh of relief.  It's a great  film for kids and adults (who haven't forgotten how to be kids!)  <br />If  you're looking to buy this movie on home video, please get the widescreen  edition.  (other formatted editions chop off about 43% of the screen.  In  other words, you can't put a long, rectangular screen into your square TV)   <br />If you have a surround sound system, you're in for a real  treat!<br />Anyways, Lucas may not be the world's greatest director, but he  does have an excellent sense of screen composition.  Similar to &quot;Star  Wars&quot;, &quot;Episode One&quot; has that old comic book / Saturday  Matinee Idol appeal.<br />Similar to &quot;Star Wars&quot;, the acting is not  Shakespearean, but it IS charming.  Lucas put it best when he said in an  interview, &quot;...it's an uncynical film in a cynical world.&quot;
0385334206|5.0|when i think about the fact that someone i care about has not read this book, i almost start to cry.  when i think about the fact that an ex-girlfriend of mine may have the opportunity to read this book, i start  to cringe.  chances are, i don't know who you are, but i love vonnegut so  much for writing this book that i want him to get as much money as he can  from you and anyone else.  best book ever written.
B0000024UX|5.0|I have been a Simon and Garfunkel fan since the first time I heard &quot;The Sound of Silence&quot;. I have all of their albums, and all of Paul Simon's, after they parted. This is one of their best, not just  because it won 6 Grammys, but the quality of every song. We all know how  good &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Waters&quot; and &quot;The Boxer&quot; are.  You will be pleantly surprised by &quot;The  Only Living Boy, in New  York&quot;, &quot;Song For the Asking&quot;,and one of my favorites  &quot;So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright&quot; which is melodically beautiful, and  lyricly wondrous. You will love every song on the album.
B000001Y42|5.0|This is it.  Limp Bizkit's first relese.  And boy, does it shine, much more than their second album.  From the hardcore rock of &quot;Faith&quot; to the mellower sounds of &quot;Sour,&quot; this album shines so much you  can see your reflection in the booklet.  This is a must-have.
6304708491|5.0|I adore this movie! It never gets old and every time I watch it I see something new that I didn't notice before. I got it for Christmas (1999)and didn't expect to like it all that much because my dad had said it had a  weak plot but when I did watch it I laughed so hard I couldn't breathe (the  only down side was then I missed some of the other hilarious jokes)Recently  while at a fellow beatles fan's house I made her watch Help and she loved  it so much that we watched it three times!The music is awesome and is the  kind that gets super-glued in your head . Thanks to me my neighborhood  loves the Beatles! Ringo is FABULOUS!
0783229372|4.0|Yes, the plot was somewhat shallow, not too much excitement, until the very end of course. You were not afforded the opportunity to bond with any of the characters like you do in Titanic. However, this film gives us the  opportunity to see and somewhat experience, what it was like to travel   during a long gone era in a giant and luxurious airship. The outside views  of this giant and majestic flying machine piercing the clouds, flying over  icebergs and its arrival in New York city, coupled with the very good  stereophonic staccato of the engines are magnificent. The stereo effect of  the creaking interior supporting girders worked very well also. Add to  this, the fact that the airship dipicted was not a movie maker's dream, but  in fact a real flying machine that actually existed in our history and  crossed the Atlantic to both North and South America several times. The  fact that the Hindenburg did suffer the tragedy, though probably not for  the reasons depicted in the film, also adds to the interest. These things  coupled together, more than compensate for whatever lack of plot or other  types of excitement there was. The insertion of B&amp;W archival film of  the actual disaster, with the actual voice of Herbert Morrison of Chicago's  WLS into the final scenes worked very well and reaffirmed the reality of   this disaster so many years ago. I gave this film 4 stars only because of  the shallow plot and characters. I highly recommend it though. I would love  to see a Hindenburg film made with 2000 movie technology and a plot &quot;a  la Titanic&quot;.
0793518326|4.0|This is a great book.  There are some mistakes but none that are too bad.  Where else are you going to find such a resourceful book?  If you like the Beatles, get it.  But i must emphasize the fact that the print is small!    So small that chords written in TAB are staggered.  Also, the TAB notation  is a little strange.
6304057709|5.0|This is my all-time favorite movie.  The wonderful performance by Alan Rickman as the noble and romantic Colonel Brandon is one which should not be missed.  The scenery/photography is spectacular, and Emma Thompson did  us all a favor with the screenplay -- true to the spirit of the novel.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is a great album!  Buy it!  I just wanted to address the people like an earlier reviewer who &quot;gave up&quot; on Metallica after Load and said that any &quot;true&quot; Metallica fan should do the same.  Get a  Life!  I have every Metallica CD except Re-Load (which I will buy soon)  and I love all of them.  The new stuff isn't as heavy as the old stuff but  its still great.  Even if you don't like it as much you shouldn't say that  no &quot;true&quot; Metallica fan would listen to it.  You're the one who's  not the &quot;true&quot; fan.  A true fan is someone who sticks by their  favorite band even if their last album or two wasn't as good as their old  ones.  All bands soften up a bit as the age, look at the Stones, how many  hits have they had since 1980?  It happens to everyone, and Metallica is  still a great band.  S &amp; M is a great album!  Even if they aren't the  heaviest band in the world anymore, they are still the best band in the  world!
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams shines again with the newest Star Wars soundtrack.  The music for The Phantom Menace is powerful and suits the movie well.  My favorite song is 'Duel of the Fates'.  You can feel the power of this song,  and almost see the climatic lightsaber duel.  <br />If you love truly good  music, buy this album.  You won't regret it.
6303212379|5.0|Way to go Spielberg! This movie is one of my favorites.  I guarantee you or your kids will love it.  I don't know one kid that doesn't want to go on an adventure like the one goonies went on.
0784010188|5.0|James Cameron's Terminator 2: Judgement Day was the mega-hit blockbuster of 1991. Starring Linda Hamilton, Robert Patrick, Edward Furlong, and Arnold Schwarzenegger as the infamous T-800, the film has become one of the  most beloved ScFi/Action films of all time. The sequel to Cameron's cult  classic The Terminator (1986), the film picks up the story ten years after  the failed 1985 assaination of Sarah Connor. Sarah (Linda Hamilton) is now  locked away in a federal assylum, and John (Edward Furlong) is living with  a unloving foster family. As mentioned in the film's mythic introduction,  another terminator has been sent through this time to kill John as a boy.  However, another terminator, ironically played by Arnold Schwarzenegger,  has been sent to protect him. The concept of machine fighting machine for  the existance of the human race was a artisitc mastersroke. The menace and  invinciabily of Robert Patrick's ominous T-1000 adds the hyperkinetic spark  that make this film so thrillingly fun. This innovation gives the film the  creative edge and orginality to equal the first Terminator in both  intensity and emotional impact. One of the most important ScFi films of the  1990's, Terminator 2: Judgement Day is an intellectually intensive action  epic with much more philosophical impact than your average popcorn movie.  Buy the awesome DVD verion immediately.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I am not a big anime fan but I loved this movie.  A friend who is a big anime fan told me about it.  I thought I would give it a try.  I was surprised on how good it was.  I loved it.  Great storey!
6302293553|5.0|Ni! If you like movies that are so stupid there funny, then you should see this movie, but i say see it anyways though! But the thing is, if you watch this movie and you dont really like this kind of comedy, you have to  remember that its s'posed to be stupid and fake. i found Monty Python and  the Holy Grail the funniest movie next to Austin Powers! If ya dont like  it, i fart in your general direction! I will leave you with these words,  Ni, Peng, and Nee-Wom!
0451169514|5.0|King has actually created a character for almost everybody here: the smartass, the fat kid, etc. The ending is very trippy.  I'm not gonna say what it is and spoil it for everybody, but it's gonna make you start  looking pretty hard at things just to make sure that they're there. Even  though it's long, you don't want it to end.  I know most people don't like  the movie, especially if they read the book first, but I still think it's  pretty cool.  Another thing, tied in to the first few sentences - when you  read this book, you can find charcters that are so much like you that it's  almost as scary as Pennywise. While reading one of the passages where  Richie uses a bunch of his voices to smart off, I actually recognized a few  that I used! I didn't name them like he did, but even so.  Then the  taped-glasses thing - my glasses were the exact same way when I was reading  it! Like I said, the book is verry trippy, but also cool.
6305807086|5.0|I was enthralled with the fact that I could never see exactly where this halarious and blisteringly original film was going.  1999 was a great year for movies, but this one goes down as my #1.
B000007S5B|1.0|de salvo is being generous. if not for the rabid doors cult and media hype, most of the work of this band would have been dismissed long ago. this album in particular illustrates clearly why jim morrison made on looks  and cheap p.r.--farcical concepts, lame song structures, lazy playing, and  'poetry' that sounds like the disjointed ramblings of a drunken crack head.
B000031WD9|4.0|Paul Wetz has created a suprisingly touching account of modern teenage sexuality. It tells the story of four teenage boys that make a pact that before they graduate from high school they will finally lose their  virinity. At first, the gross sight gags are both hilarious and  distracting. However, the film unexpectedly becomes a moving seriocomic  tale of maleness in the 1990's. The performances by Eugene Levy and Chris  Klein are especially relevant and moving. American Pie is actually a  sophisticated teen character study masquerading as another stupid teen  comedy. See the gags, embrace the characters, and enjoy the insightful  narrative of the Weitz brothers. Beware of the pale ale.
6303965415|4.0|The touching performances by the actors helped bring about this marvelous tale of true love.  I enjoyed it immensely; the odd cinematography, however, was probably the only aspect that prevented me from enjoying it  completely.  Other than that, I highly recommend it!
6303192459|5.0|I am a huge fan of Audrey Hepburn , &amp; Breakfast At Tiffany's .  Even though I'm only 12!, I immediately saw that she was so much more talented than most actresses of this time . Her portrayal of Holly Golightly was  fantastic , George Peppard (Paul Varjak) was also excellent! This movie has  something in it for everyone, comedy , romance , &amp; drama !  You have to  see this movie!
B00000IQV6|1.0|Tom Shadyac's directed this shameful, self-indulgent, sickly sentimental, andexcessively un-articuate mess of a movie starring Robin Willams as the &quot;wonderful&quot; humanitarian doctor Hunter &quot;Patch&quot; Adams.  Patch Adams begins similar to Penny Marshall's Awakenings, also starring  Robin Williams, with a picturesque view of a melancholy scene complemented  by a somber musical score that lulls the audience into the mood of the  film.    Opposite of the artistic intensity and depth of Marshall's  Awakenings, Patch Adams never objectively confronts its overwhelming  sentiment over its subject matter, and it never creatively strives higher  than to portray this eccentric character as some sort of saint or  incrediable do-gooder. There is nothing wrong with dedicating a motion  picture to an intriging or incrediable human being. Patch Adams fails by  impossibly glorifying the main characterbehind all descet suspenion of  disbelief. The film has no obesevable formula-less plot, self-examing  moral, or exuse for all of its ugly and disgusting romanticism for a  fundamentally contraversal character.      Patch Adams falls miserably  short of film artistary due to its lack of seeing the greater cinematic  riches of looking deeper into the character and not just delievering  another movie sterotype. DVD package is extremely well-done, but I don't  reccomend the DVD, tape, or the movie.
B0000004V2|3.0|These guys certainly had the '60s groove down pat.  They updated it somewhat with a slight early '90s feel,  but not much.  Most of this is nothing we have not heard before, some 30 years ago.  They do a masterful  job, instrumentally if not vocally (Ian Brown's voice is no great shakes),  and the songs are very well-crafted.  But take it from someone that owns  more '60s albums than I can count, and also ALL of the Stone Roses'  recorded output, including rarities and Japanese pressing: Yes, the Roses  had a great sound, which is why I bought their stuff.  But it is really  ibreaking no new ground here.  So I subtract one star for that.    Another  star is subtracted for the lyrics.  If you have never read the lyrics to  these songs, look them up on the Internet and see what you think.  I find  that they range from meaningless, to disturbing, to possibly even both.   Many of the lyrics make absolutely no sense to me.  I don't know what they  are talking about.  That is sometimes OK -- I don't know what a lot of  Beatles or Dylan songs mean either, for example.  But the difference is  that even when Beatles or Dylan songs were obscure, at least they *seemed*  to be meaningful.  There were hidden layers that you could grasp, and the  words were intelligent.    Stone Roses' lyrics just have a lot of words like  \\"dark,\\" \\"hate,\\" \\"naked,\\" \\"tear me  up,\\" \\"despair\\" and so on, even in songs with titles like  \\"Mersey Paradise.\\"  They are not well-written, and it just gets  me down to read through them.  So, another star subtracted for bad,  depressing lyrics.
B000002ADT|5.0|I have been a Miles Davis fan for many years. My favorite for a very long time has been &quot;'58 Miles&quot;, that is until I found &quot;Kind Of Blue&quot;.  The simplistic and effortless style that Miles and the  &quot;guys&quot; deliver this wonderful music is nothing less that pure  genius. If you have ever thought that you would like to try Jazz,  definitely start with Miles Davis and definitely let &quot;Kind Of  Blue&quot; be your magic carpet to the beautiful land of Jazz!
0792836634|4.0|I am a great fan of this series but this is probably my favourite edition in the series.It is a very original story-Charles lee ray chased into shop and is about to die when he see's a good guy doll and using voodo magic  transforms his soul into the doll.Brilliant story a must see for child's  play fans.
0790729652|5.0|In 1989, Tim Burton directed his phenominally successful big budget take on Bob Kane's mythical comic book series, Batman. What surprised the entire civilized world was how intense, dark, and mystically provocative the film  turned out to be. The casting of Jack Nicholson as the Joker proved to be  the production's masterstroke, though the choice of Micheal Keaton as Bruce  Wayne/Batman turned out to a lucky break as well. Tim Burton's usage of  updated German Expressinism and Film Noir morphed what could have been a  standard superhero movie into an elaboarate exploration into the dark  interior of modern metropolitan societies and trumatizied adults. There is  a searing honesty to Bruce Wayne's saddness and underlying alienation over  the brutal loss of his parents by street thugs so long ago. Keaton's  emotionally stiffled face shows all the loss and pain in every scene he  appears. The hyestrical dementia of Jack Napier's tansformation into the  Joker is so colorfully recreated for Batman with such comical flourish and  enthusiasm that Nicholson creates another one of his unforgettable screen  personas. Nicholson's Joker maybe a sterotype but he is a lavishely  entertaining character that obviously propelled the movie more than any  other element. Watch Batman for its unapprecaited gothic atmoshere, zany  performances, and genuinely magnificent atmosphere. This was Tim Burton's  entrance into mainstream cineama as a considerable talent, and even eleven  years later the film is still an enchanting walk into the macabre mind of a  master filmmaker.
B000002WU9|5.0|FIVE YEARS LATER AND I STILL REALLY HAVEN'T HEARD AN ALBUM THAT CAN TOUCH THIS ONE. PLAY THIS CD STRAIGHT THROUGH AND YOU'LL LOVE EACH AND EVERY TRACK. &quot;ONLY BUILT 4 CUBAN LINX&quot; IS HIP-HOP.
6303454488|5.0|I have watched music performed, I have listened to music performed, but never have I felt music performed until Bob Dylan.  I have loved him for 30 years and if this video doesn't make you fall in love with Bob Dylan you  never will.  I can watch this video over and over and still not understand  how one man can have so much talent inside.  This video is a must for  anyone who appreciates the man and his lyrics and his unyielding ability to  make you feel his music.
0790731231|5.0|This movie is a masterpeice.It is top of my favourites list.It has a great cast and and brilliant acting.It is a very realistic look at the life and times of gangster Henry Hill from his childhood to the end of his career as  a gangster.A brilliant movie and i would reccomend this to anybody who has  a spare couple of hours
014028009X|5.0|I can't get enough of this book.  I read it over and over.  I savor it and can't wait for the sequel.  Helen Fielding is amazing.  She &quot;gets&quot; it and tells the story of most young single women out  there.  It's an anthem for those of us out there trying to get by.  It's a  wonderful book.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Why does this master need to bring in today's latest artists, most of whom may very well turn out to be no more than just fads? I say more of what he did on &quot;Lotus,&quot; long cohesive exciting solos much along the lines  of what Coltrane did for the sax.
B000046PVN|5.0|As someone who grew up with this soundtrack, I can honestly say I've listened to the Warner release thousands of times. There was a point where I gave it a good listen at least once a day for several years, finally falling off to about 75 times/year(I'm 31). As a an adolescent my only source for the soundtrack was either the movie or the Warner LP.  I actually made copies from a hi-fi stereo VCR in the early 80's just so I could have the film version of the score, but it was ruined by dialog.  Then there was the warner release on vinyl. I had a few prints of the record set in perfect condition and used a very expensive phono along with a nakamichi deck and metal tapes. My teenage years were in pursuit of the best walkman and headphones so I could listen to it on the go.  This is pretty sad. Perhaps I should keep my name anonymous just so my friends don't discover what a die hard I am for this soundtrack. Finally in '92, the Warner version was released on CD, but it was horribly degraded. Many more dropouts because they used the original master to print the CD and it had not been well preserved nor restored in any way.  There was also more hiss and less dynamic range. It was inferior to the LP. It was very sad and my initial excitement about getting it on CD faded quickly, especially when I discovered it was missing tracks. So now it is today, 4 days after the Rhino release. I received my copy from Amazon 2 days ago(thank Amazon, it was shipped very quickly!). I am on at least my 30th listen through the entire soundtrack. What can I say? It was more than I could have possibly hoped for. The restoration is on par with the Star Wars Trilogy. There are no dropouts and very little hiss. It sounds like it was recorded yesterday. A previous reviewer thought it wasn't much better than the warner release. I suggest they go back and recheck their ears or equipment. As an expert on this soundtrack and a *neurotic* audiophile, I think I can say with much justification that thisrestoration is as good as technology today could have done. It is nearly perfect to my audiophile ears. Now on to the content. Not only is it restored to chronological order, it includes many bonus tracks of ORIGINAL NEVER BEFORE HEARD JOHN WILLIAMS!! This is enough in itself to buy the soundtrack even if nothing else had been done. The first few times listening to it I had goosbumps. The sound quality is so incredible. The remix brings out new symbols and strings never before heard with headphones. It is clean and dynamic. Flaws?  There are some. A few tracks have a little hiss. There is a change in like they were piecing together two different sources for the same track and that was the transition point. It is fairly noticeable with good headphones(mdr-v6). There are a few other minor glitches, but not enough to even slightly color my enjoyment. I also wish the jewel case had been enlarged enough to fit the booklet *INSIDE*, but this is such a minor quibble, especially since I will be making a digital copy to mini disc in the next day or so and put the original back on the shelf so it is perfect for years to come(the packaging that is). In all, by far the best soundtrack restoration I've ever heard. I only wish I could give it 10 out of 5 stars. It is true a soundtrack can fly!
B00003IPFK|4.0|It is finally nice to get the entire Lonesome Dove epic on DVD.  While I have to agree that the picture is not as pristine as I would have liked, it is definitely better than the VHS version that I own.  The sound is Dolby  Digital mono, but surprisingly good. <br />One thing to note - the movie  breaks at the same break points that the mini-series did when broadcast.   After approximately 1.5 hours, the credits roll, and then the next section  starts.  Not that bad, but a little clunky.  The interview snippets with  Larry McMurtry are kind of insightful and nice to have.<br />Robert Duvall is  really incredible in the role of Augustus (Gus) McCrae.  The man is the  character. I found I was laughing to myself all over again at Gus's western  philosopher dialogue, and wishing that we all thought a little more like  him.<br />If you loved the VHS version and want a better copy, buy this DVD.   Though not crystal clear, it is an improvement over my old VHS copy and  with instant chapter access, much more convenient to view.
B00000JCB2|5.0|i love the song Nookie!  I could listen to it all day &amp; all night!
0767814622|5.0|Mignight express is a great movie. I don't thimk that it exaggerates a lot because we all know what was happening in Turkey some 20-30 years ago. If you havn't seen it buy or at least rent it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica sure pulled a rabbit out of their hats this time.  This CD is great!  Instead of doing a normal greatest hits disc, they team up to play some of their best songs with the San Fran. Orchestra.  The songs seem  quicker and more upbeat with the orchestra in the back.  Hats off to this  amazing disc!
6302732786|5.0|hearing George Michael do SOmebody to Love was a great Moment on this set.ELton John&amp;Axel ROse Dueting was something special as well.it was a great tribute.Seal,Annie Lennox,Bowie,ETC.. made this a Special COncert.
B000000W74|5.0|Even though John Lee Hooker does not need any help when he talks the blues, he brought in some excellent backup: Santana, Booker T., and Van Morrison, which alone should pique your interests to at least take a listen  to this disc, if not buy it outright.  Overall, the disc has a fairly  mellow/slow feel to it with tracks like &quot;Too Young&quot; and  &quot;We'll Meet Again&quot;; however it does pick up a bit with &quot;One  Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer&quot; and &quot;Kiddio.&quot;<br />If you need a  relaxing, laid back, excellent blues CD to add to your collection, I highly  recommend you make room for this one in your library.  You won't be  disappointed.
B00000GAMF|3.0|This album had a sense of greatness to it. What I like about Marillion is that they're a 70's sounding band. Unfortunately on this album it's almost as if they tried too hard to make an epic album.Interestingly, they spent  alot of time recording (re-recording?) the album- see the liner notes.  Finally, I think the lead vocalist could shut up once in awhile-ala U2. The  band has alot to offer instrumentally.
1558908455|5.0|I looooove this movie. It's funny, scary and it keeps you at the edge of your chair. Quentin Tarentino &amp; George Clooney are wonderful!  It is a good movie, I give it 5 stars - watch it!
6303394000|5.0|i really dug the openness of BOB FoSSE.he was flawed and IndulGent but also a Genius.the dancing is wonderful in this film.the film is still quite Remarkable to me after all of these years.Roy Scheider does a solid job  here.
6304493681|5.0|Great storyline. Fantastic score. One should try listening to the analog recording of the soundtrack (in laser disc format) the music will blow your mind.
B000005S0D|5.0|If there is one album of Camel to have this is the one. Beautiful and powerful, it ranks in my top ten albums of all time. Some great instrumental work. If you like Pink Floyd and Alan Parsons add Camel to  your collection - they're better.
6304539282|5.0|George Lucas is a god! The god of film-making! This classic science fiction trilogy is a timeless masterpiece that may bring girls into sci-fi. I haven't seen it nearly enough times! I have kept count and it's 1,000  times. To me that is not enough. The experience is overwhelming, the  lightsabre battles, the space wars, the loveable characters, the wickedness  of the dark side. To me it has numerous genres! Action / Adventure / Comedy  / Drama / Fantasy / Horror / Romance / Science fiction Sir Lucas is my  idol! It was an honour to simply view Star Wars: Episode 1 - The Phantom  Menace, which was also a classic. I would love to own all of them in  different sets, only then my life would be complete. A true classic for all  time!
6301174240|4.0|The King Of Pop has great moves in Smooth Criminal.i though Michael Rocked the Beatles Come Together.in fact more live performances and this would be a standard 5.this video showcases a Great Artist.there will never be  another MICHAEL JACKSON.he is a one of a kind Artist.
6305342741|4.0|Okay.  Make no mistake.  This is not Star Wars or Star Trek. It has elements of both, but this film comes out on it's own.  I saw it for the first time way back in 1979, and I have the video cassette.  This movie  usually gets shortchanged.  The acting is not the best, the script leaves  little to be desired, but the overall presence of the score,special  effects, and art direction more than make up for the imperfections.  The  cast and direction are'nt bad either, but the film can be a little slow at  times.  Still, I would recommend that all sci-fi fans give this movie a  chance and see it at least once.  I think you'll enjoy it.
0790735199|5.0|Enter the Dragon - the greatest martial arts movie ever made. Bruce lee has no equal in this exciting, HongKong/American made movie. Many,many martial artists have tried to be the &quot;next Bruce Lee&quot; nobody has  even entered the same level of this man's superhuman speed &amp; skill. If  you like James Bond without all the gadgetry that bond needed to get  himself out of trouble, you will enjoy this movie! Lee depends on nothing  but his hands &amp; feet (and a couple of weapons he manages to procure  from some of Han's unfortunate henchmen), it is only his total skill that  allows him to virtually destroy anyone who stands before him. It is  unfortunate more scenes were not written for him, for he is a believable  dramatic actor as well. One of the most gratifying scenes in ANY martial  arts movie, is when he totally humiliates Ohara. Bruce becomes like water  and flows with Ohara's every movement and intercepts everything that is  thrown at him. Finally, Ohara is so frustrated he lunges at Bruce with two  broken bottles (they were real glass by the way)only to have them kicked  out of his hands. He then knocks Ohara to the ground and stomps him into  the dirt. The look on Lee's face as he lands on Ohara's chest is too  disturbing for words. If you want to see the &quot;real&quot; superman in  action, see this movie!
0684874350|1.0|I did not like this book at all and I cannot believe that so few people share my opinion. Mr Mc Court's description of the Irish people does not fit at all with those I have been acquainted with since I married into an  Irish family 40 years ago. The Irish I know are all very dignified people,  they respect themselves and others, they are sincerely religious, albeit  somewhat parochial, they raise their children with a great sense of  morality, and I must say Irish women especially are strong, hard working  and very honest. There was not one person in this book who had any  redeeming value whatsoever. I have to admit that it was extremely well  written, the description of poverty was well rendered in all it's abject  truth.  So maybe this book was Mr. Mc.Court very personal experience, it  does not represent the Irish as a whole. What are Angelas'ashes ? What fell  from her many cigarettes?  Why did this book get such a high prize?
B00002E23H|1.0|this film is a bad 2nd rate reject of JAWS.as Great as Samuel L. Jackson is he can't save this mess.neither can LL.COOL J.this is good for putting yourself asleep to.
0425170349|5.0|This is one of Clancy's best and should be read by all of his fans. Though it is long (Almost 900 pages) it does read fast and for the most part is interesting. Some parts drag but these are far and few. If you have read  Clancy before or want to reading him than this is the book. If you really  like it try the game titled likewise and the sequel Rogue Spear both of  these while not having many of the same people or missions are just as good
B000031XCR|5.0|I like her voice. It's very good voice. I wouldn't include Frank Sinatra on this album. The minute Frank opened his mouth, he ruined Celine's song. It was going so sweet, and Frank had to open his mono-tone dead voice. HE  CANNOT SING!   CELine DION needs to start acting her age and doing the  disco songs she was famous for and that made her where she is today. She is  too much from old man influence, Singing them old man songs like all the  way,just to please her husband. But I love all the others like THATS THE  WAY IT IS...whoa, i love this song , especially the club re-mix. I shake up  my booty a few times in a nite-club to this song. GO CELINE GIRL-FRIEND!    She needs to leave her old husband and get with a young cute stud, like  Madonna stlye, listen this is very important cuz she done say her mate  influence her musical stylings, so it's cool what i said. This will  influence her singing materials and hey the woman can s-a-a-ng. The girl  got it, now the girl must do a little dance number to make the young crowd  shake their booty in the night club! Remember all them disco songs she used  to do that got her famous, shaking up them booty in the nite-clubs!
B000002I25|5.0|This album is so complex, so riveting, so inexplicitly mysterious...it is impossible to put into words.<br />I know a lot of people say Morrison was such a burn-out, he had nothing going for him, blah blah.<br />Jim Morrison  tested at genius levels in High School. His poetry seemed illiterate and  self-indulgent to those who were not smart anough, and were too blunt, to  understand his poetry. <br />Jim's voice is soothing and relaxing at times,  and howls in rage at others. <br />Moving on to the musical section of the  Doors, Ray Manzarek, possibly the best keyboardist in the history of rock  and roll, bursts into melodic leads throughout and makes the songs truly  wonderful.<br />Robby Krieger, the most creative member of the doors and  really the best bottleneck/flamenco guitarist ever, leads a chaotic and  enjoyable second hand to Manzarek's keyboards. Robby's near FIVE MINUTE  jazz solo in &quot;Light My Fire&quot; pretty much sums it up. This guy can  play.<br />John Densmore is without a doubt the most unrecognized drummer in  Rock and Roll history. He plays Latin and Jazz beats, and is never above  adding in an excellent drum lead-in at the end of a riff. His playing is  extraordinary on &quot;The End&quot; but really he is majorly responsible  for the songs being as good as they are. Being a drummer myself, I know  John wasnt fond of playing the bass drum, but he definately makes up for it  in his snair/single tom beats.<br />Every song on this CD is perfect. From the  bassy guitar opening to &quot;Break On Through,&quot; to the pop-charm of  &quot;Twentieth Century Fox,&quot; this CD has it all. Songs about deep,  depressing aspects in life (&quot;End of the Night&quot; and &quot;The  End&quot;) to songs that include Morrison poetry (&quot;The Crystal  Ship&quot; and &quot;Soul Kitchen&quot;) to those simple pop songs about  girls that were trademark sixties (&quot;Twentieth Century Fox,&quot;  &quot;I Looked at You&quot; and &quot;Light My Fire&quot;).<br />There is Jazz  solos (such as in &quot;Light My Fire&quot;), and some excellent blues  (such as &quot;Back Door Man&quot;). Nothing can compare to this album.  <br />Here now are my favorite studio Doors CDs, in order:<br />The Doors<br />The  Doors/LA WOMAN<br />The Doors/STRANGE DAYS<br />The Doors/THE SOFT PARADE (very  under-rated)<br />The Doors/WAITING FOR THE SUN<br />The Doors/MORRISON  HOTEL<br />Although EVERY SINGLE Doors CD is great. Let me tell you this: The  Doors never did a bad song. They will forever be remembered as the GODS of  60s Rock and Roll.<br />Forget The Beatles. Forget The Stones. Forget Jopplin.  They were all great bands, but they were poster boys. Jim Morrison's lyrics  were real, they had emotion. This music is truly something sacred,  unmatched by all immitators. <br />&quot;There are things known and things  unknown, and in between are the doors.&quot;<br />-Jim Morrison
B00003CXC7|5.0|This is one of the best directed movies I've ever seen, and deserves its place on any &quot;best of the century&quot; movie lists. This is Hitchcock at his best.
B00002Z88D|5.0|i never thought i would have heard metallica with a full orcestra, now i have i think it is fantastic and one of the best albums of the late 90s
B000021XS0|5.0|This albums ties with Awake as my favorites. The songs are all soulful, captivating. The story so masterfully told through the lyrics holds you in suspense until the final song. And James LaBrie proves that he possesses an  incredible vocal range, singing with a confidence and assurety that was  most lacking in their last studio album, Falling Into Infinity, and  especially their live CD, Once in a LIVETime. But here, he's hypnotic,  stunning, melodic.  The music is also a work of brilliance, with complex  but fluidly interwoven arrangements. The high points of the album are the  powerful Scene II: Overture 1928/Strange Deja Vu, Scene III: Through My  Words/Fatal Tragedy, and Scene VI: Home. The only real low point for me was  the overlong Scene IV: Beyond This Life. Buy the album! Support this band!
6305537542|3.0|This movie still scares me up to now. I just never got to see Michael Myers unmasked. If I do see him without his mask then I wouldn't be as scared. The music scares the creep into me. This is a good movie to watch  in the theaters. Just make sure you are with someone.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is my favorite Beatles CD. I am so moved by the melodies and different styles. The tracks from &quot; You never give me your money&quot; on just blow me away.&quot;Here comes the sun, I want you, because - they  are all so beautiful, moody and rocking. I think its a tragedy this  amazing,most talented band split up - I can't imagine what they could have  offered.
6305750750|5.0|This Movie was excellent!  Im so glad they made it different than the other ones. Dont get me wrong, the others were great to but why would I want to see the same stuff over and over again, the cast (especially  Natialie Portman) really apealed to me! And the Special Effects are  awesome, who goes to a Star Wars movie for a good story any way? GIVE ME A  BREAK!
B000002LBH|4.0|First off, let me say that this is an excellent album.  There are tons of great songs here.  However, what troubles me is that sum of it all seems to be less than its parts.  This should be a 5-star album, but it falls a  little bit short.  The main problem is that it comes across as a greatest  hits album.  (Admittedly, this album is a collection.)  However, I think  the songs could've been arranged in a better order than they were.  It  seems a little top heavy; most of the best material appears in the first  half of the album.  This not only makes the weaker songs stand out more  (although, I hesistate to use the word &quot;weak&quot;), but it also tends  to diminish the greatness of the stronger songs.  It's almost like the  great songs work against the album as a whole.  Again, I think this problem  may have been solved with putting more thought into the sequencing of the  tracks.  (I guess that might be solved by using the programming feature on  your CD player!) Also, because of the &quot;greatest hits&quot; feel, the  album seems to lack a mood and/or aura.  It comes across a little bit  cold.<br />However, there still are a lot of great songs here.  There's no way  it deserves less than four stars out of five.
0440234743|5.0|The testament is a book you will not want to put down. It is well researched and the main character Nate has his problems. Nate the character is so well written he comes alive in your mind the story wants to jump off  the page and come alive.
0964385619|5.0|The hard road often becomes easy.  The easy road often becomes hard.  This isn't one of those self-esteem books that promises greatness.  This is a simple book that explains assets and liabilities.  When you understand the  difference and then acquire assets you will become wealthy.  This is not an  easy process at first, but a slow and steady progression in the right  direction will change your life according to Kiyosaki.<br />The book also  explores the question &quot;What is money?&quot;  Money is an idea.  When  you understand the idea of money you will treat it accordingly.  I cannot  say enough about how this book puts you in the frame of mind to build  wealth.  If it doesn't change your thinking, you will no doubt continue  your life as a consumer in debt.
B000002I53|5.0|This album is a great place to start if your looking to jump head first into the genre of jazz.  Elvin Jones is the greatest drummer of our lifetime, and pushes Coltrane's sax to the brink of disaster and the outer  reaches of another spiritual world.  My Favorite Things is an experience,  one that will get you rolling on John's train of melodic bliss.  Rhino/Atlantic does an excellent job of remastering the original tapes, and  the liner notes are superb.  &quot;Summertime&quot; will blow you away if  you have any grasp of your mind, and the cohesion on this record flows  well.  A superb job, much appreciatio to Rhino, and Coltrane's fabulous  rhythm section of Jones, Steve Davis, and McCoy Tyner.
630575067X|5.0|For someone who sees very few movies in the theater, and who owns mostly Disney (other than the original SW trilogy) on VHS, holding my breath for this movie was odd.  I do not usually go to the theater simply because I  cannot stand hype;  I avoided hearing too much about this movie beforehand  so that I would not be disappointed, and apparently it worked.  My  complaints about the story itself are minor... I too was irritated by  JarJar, but my 4 year old, who understands the complexities of no plot more  complex than say the Little Mermaid, loved him, and told me to hush in the  theater when I groaned after his 5th idiocy in as many minutes.  And I too  wanted more of Darth Maul, especially fight scenes, however I understand  why this was not so.   Remembering my original reaction, at 7, to Luke's  opening whine, er I mean, line, in New Hope, I can't honestly say that this  movie was worse in dialogue.  I personally didn't become a fan of SW until  I read the books, and I realize now this was because the worlds and  characters simply did not seem real, I saw right through and was distracted  by the cinemetography.  That really cannot be said about this episode.   Although some parts are obviously digitized if you aren't caught up in it,  it is more surreal than unreal.    Because I have the other 3 memorized  &lt;g&gt;, I caught some discrepancies in the story, but not enough to make  it so the story doesn't work.  And although the movie isn't as  &quot;dark&quot; as some wanted it to be, artistically this had to be so:   how else would viewers see the tragedy of the boy from prosphesy?  The  story must NOT be dark, except a little foreshadowing, until the prophesy  starts turning.  And as far as the complaints about the mysticism gone once  we learn the force is caused by micro-organisms, I found this to be the  most fascinating element in the movie.  Lucas used an X-file-esque  explanation for that which cannot be explained, and increased the  implications instead of killing them.<br />For anyone who was a casual watcher  of the SW originals and expected to finally be caught up in the magic by  this film, or anyone who tried too hard to create their own fantasy, I can  see how it would be a let down.  For those who enjoy mythologies, and  understand the complexities involved in making them work, and for those who  enjoy a movie with action and fight scenes with a plot that is not able to  stand alone (it isn't supposed to!), this movie is an excellent one.  And  for those of us who simply enjoy Star Wars, and remember the surprise of  its success when originally released, this movie is a welcome addition.
B000002IHD|5.0|Otis Redding is one of the five most influential figures in rock n' roll.  His voice, heavily embedded in the gospel ranting of the south, is a powerful and spiritual experience, and the Stax rhythm section, playing  hard, gritty rhythms, giving Otis the room to move.   It's a sin more  people don't own his records, because his sound shook up Motown and  inspired Aretha, Van Morrison, Al Green, The Stones, The Allman Brothers,  and the list goes on forever.   Otis Blue is Otis' definitive statement.   Sam Cooke's A Change Is Gonna Come is turned inside and out into a pleading  ballad.  Ole Man Trouble, Respect, and Down In The Valley are all raving  tunes, with Al Jackson and Steve Cropper feeding off eachother and the  power of Otis' voice.   This is one of the top 20 records I have ever heard  in my life, and I've heard quite a few.   The sound quality is good, and if  your going to buy one Otis album, this one will give you more of a picture  than a greatest hits collection.   An amazing piece of soul.  It would  never get better than this.
B000002VQQ|5.0|&quot;horses&quot; was the first horse to reach the finish line of the great 70's new york &quot;punk&quot; groups.  patti smith is not so much a great poet as a heavenly weaver of words and sound -- using spontaneity,  improvisation, passion and rimbaud to create the greatest lyrical  experience in rock since dylan's &quot;blonde on blonde.&quot;   &quot;gloria&quot; and &quot;free money&quot; are arguably the only  &quot;punk&quot; things on here.  but &quot;birdland&quot; and  &quot;land&quot; defy and slip out of any clothed categorization, winning  us all over with aethereal contingency.  smith's imagistic shaman doo-wop  in these tracks is matched with some very atmospheric music, particularly  great guitar from lenny kaye and great keyboards by richard sohl.   &quot;break it up&quot; features the swansong guitar debut of tom verlaine.   bonus -- for purchasing this masterwork you get a free robert mapplethorpe  print!
B0000062FL|5.0|Columbia/Legacy has restored some of the best music in its catalogue, and this album gets a royal treatment.  The three bonus tracks are from a live performance and give you a taste of the band's stage persona, but the sound  quality is tweeked to perfection, if you have the old one, this is well  worth the price. This album is essential to anyone concerned with an  eclectic mix of rock. Blues influences are predominant, but the mix of  jazz-fusion and Afro-latin rhythms make every track listenable and  exciting.  If your going to buy one Santana album, this is the one to start  with, then go to his first and third albums.  The rest will work out in  time.   A wonderful remastering to one of the greatest albums of all-time.
6305076626|5.0|I MUST HAVE WATCHED THIS MOVIE ABOUT 1000 TIMES! IT HAS OUTSTANDING MUSIC AND A GREAT STORY LINE. I KNOW ALL THE WORDS TO THE MOVIE.WHENEVER I SLEEP AT A FRIENDS HOUSE WE ALWAYS ACT IT OUT. I DEFINETLY RECOMEND THIS MOVIE  FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
B00000DFRS|2.0|I cannot begin to tell you how disapointed I am in this album!  I heard all of these songs on the radio so I went out and bought the cd and all of these songs sound different.  The whole reason people buy albums is because  they like what they hear on the radio and this is definitely not it. My  suggestion would be to buy the singles because they have different  varieties of the songs, do not buy this album.
B000002W9P|5.0|When listing the faults of this album I can find only one.......it is far too short.  From beginning to end it is a true powermetal ride....from the powerful I'm alive, to the Scorpions type &quot;a little time&quot;, this  album just takes you in and doesn't let go.  A true masterpiece of  guitarwork on &quot;Halloween&quot; that proves that Hansen and Weikath  were the best one-two punch of all time......a must have!
0140544518|5.0|This book is fabulous for any age group.  Young children will enjoy hearing the wolf, of &quot;THe Three Little Pigs&quot; tell his tale of woe.  A great book for teaching pre-teens that there are two sides to every  story, and you can't always believe the first story you hear or everything  you read.  Adults will appreciate it for it's fresh look on a classic old  tale.
6304493681|4.0|Insofar as the technical aspects, that is to say animation, sound, and music, this film achieves a level of excellence in the highest rank.  The drawback to me is the story.<br />It seems that in the attempt to be  metaphysically challenging, the creator conjured up a somewhat ambiguous  plot which resulted in characters that feels cold and distant to the  audience.  The sentimental content is hollow and one does not come away  with any sense of inspiration or emotional impact that are found in many  other classics of Japanimations.
0790729989|4.0|Seven rides in on a barrage of an almost slashed to death movie genre - the serial killer flick. Way up there at the top of them all we have classical chillers like Psycho and The Silence of the Lambs to the  pompously ludicrous teen slashers of late, um Urban Legend, I know what you  did Last Summer spring to mind. So were does Seven mangage to fit into all  of this. Seven is buy far one of the most cleverly written and disturbing  chillers around. Serial killer John Doe (Spacey) deserves his place along  the psycho hall of celluloid fame amongst the likes of Hannibal Lector and  Norman Bates. When a body is found by the two leading protagonists, Pitt  and Freeman, all evidence points to the new emergance of a sick and twisted  mind. It soon becomes clear that the killer is using the seven deadly sins  as his modus operandi, in order to cleanse the world of all its past  misforgivings. In your face direction by Fincher and one of the most gut  wrenching climaxes ever seen on film will jangle the nerves and leave you  shaken and stirred. Spending 2 hours in the company of a complete madman  has never been more haunting and unforgettable as Seven, the exeption being  Lector in the Lambs. Not for the squeamish or faint of heart.
6305014140|5.0|Though the plot is somewhat predictable outside of a few instances, the richness of the characters results in the sort of emotional impact that exemplifies the best in Japanimations.  The sentimental content is quite  fulfilling and the technical excellence of the animation itself cerntainly  does not distract one from that content because of the seamless integration  between story and picture.<br />This is not just eye candy, it is a complete  and moving experience.
0790731940|3.0|For it's duration time Maverick deals many a good hand in the laughter department stakes. Based on the classic 60's T.V series (so many movies now days are) it takes it's cue from how the good old west was once fun and  shifts it into high gear for the action packed nineties audience. It  suceeds, almost. Gibson is the title character, a  cleverly smooth  gambler/con man who's quite nimble with a gun but far nimbler with his  mouth. His wits are matched par exellance with the introduction of  Annabella Bransford (Foster), who's given new definition to the way the  game is played. Gibson and Foster are both great when together, both having  a natural flair for situation comedy. When the final stakes are set, the  biggest poker game of the year, the jokers are out to play and the cards  are indeed wild. All the leads equip themesleves wonderfully with southern  accents and the setting embraces the west of yesteryear but the plot leaves  far too many loopholes and the running time dosen't quite help conceal  them. For undemanding fun this is the perfect treat, and a glimpse  (labourously) into a wild and untamed west.
B000002NHN|5.0|Her voice is more powerful then Enya's, there is a tinge of sadness, a darkness and a joy. The music takes you to far away lands that are as strange as they are familiar. Book of Secrets is celtic and Renaissance,  dark and bright all in the same clutching and fleeting moment. <br />This  music is angelic and you will never stop listening to it.<br />Loreena  McKennitt's &quot;Book of Secrets&quot; is #2 on my top 4. Second only to  Sting's, &quot;Brand New Day&quot; and even better than Keith Jarret's,  &quot;The Melody At Night With You&quot; and John McArthur's  &quot;Hidden.&quot; <br />They never leave my CD changer.
0440234743|2.0|I found The Testament the least enjoyable of Grisham's books.  It is as if he &quot;got religion&quot; and wanted to share the word in good missionary form.   Some of the book was informative, however.  His description of the  Pantanal in South America was interesting.  For this reason I gave the book  two stars. I generally pass on the Grisham books to friends but won't be  recommending this particular one.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is the cornerstone of any jazz collection; this is the place to begin if you are a jazz neophyte. If you are unfamiliar with jazz this is probably what you imagine jazz sounds like. Miles Davis was important not  only for the great music he made but also for the incomparable sideman he  worked with-such as saxophonist John Coltrane, here. From the classic,  swinging opening bars of \\"So What\\" to Miles' signature muted trumpet in the  ballad, \\"Blue and Green\\" this CD best summarizes all that is great about  jazz. Over the last few years the Columbia/Legacy label has begun an  incomparable reissue program of Miles Davis' 50s and 60s albums. This, and  the other reissues, contain restored cover artwork, great re-mastered  sound, original liner notes and current reflections on Miles' work. The  sound re-mastering on this CD is first class. You will hardly believe that  this was recorded in 1959-the sound is so clear and warm. I cannot  recommend this CD enough!
B00000DGUG|2.0|In between recordings, Alanis lost something along the way, but gained something else.  That something she gained was maturity and a way with words.  Her words on the album are powerful, and much stronger than on her  first.  But yet that something she lost was everything that helped Jagged  Little Pill swallow 16 million fans!  This album seems more  of a journal  or a documentry than an album. Gone are the great sounds mixed with her  agressive lyrics.  Uninvited made me yurn for a follow up, but this is not  a follow up.  She is a different artist here, and that is a bad thing in  her case.  Pill was a cd that was one of the top 10 albums of the 90s, but  here she seems to change, thanks to her indian voyage.  There are some good  songs!  Thank U is great, and Joining you and So Pure are also worthy of  Alanis' name.  But the rest of the songs on the cd are nothing like Alanis'  first cd!  Are You Still Mad tries to bring back that fire from You Oguhtta  Know, but it fails to hit the same cord.  I applued artists for changing,  but she seems to change to the point where she is someone different.  The  cd is worth buying if you are a die hard fan, but if you are trying to get  a follow up to the succesful Jagged Little Pill, you might want to get  another perscription!
6303402348|4.0|The very interesting story of an autistic man played by Tom Hanks. He makes the most of what he has that's for certain.
0060926317|1.0|The protagonist claims to have spent a brief amount of time with a culture she knows nothing about.  If this really happened, I imagine that some serious hallucinogens were used or the author was experiencing some sort of  psychogenic fugue in which memory of her events has been heavily  distorted.<br />The book is unbelievably pretentious and poorly written...I  think I wrote a book similar to this  when I was in fifth grade about a boy  who lived with a wolf out in his backyard...My teacher let me read it in  front of the class...Morgan's messages have been heard before.  There are  many religions that have similar beliefs as hers with written languages and  literature as old as time.  I suggest reading some of these.  There is  nothing inspiring in this...yes, we know that we are destroying our  environment and losing touch with nature...yes, we know that.  <br />The  mutant message from down under is simple: In America it's easy to make  money from recycled wishy-washy cliches and new agey drivel...I can't wait  to see the made for TV movie...
B000035Z2L|5.0|American Pie was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen on sex. It was as good as it gets. As for buying either the rated or unrated version goes....they both are basically the same except for a few extra scenes in  the unrated version. If you're in the mood to buy or see a funny movie  about sex, American Pie would be an awesome choice!
6305399212|5.0|At first, I was a little aprehensive about the Special Edition.  I thought that they had to have taken out the footage for some reason.  I figured it would be pretty bad.  Boy was I wrong.  The Special Edition added a lot to  the story.  It showed why the aliens didn't attack the barracades.  It  showed how the colony got overrun.  I enjoyed this movie very much.  For  any fan of the Aliens movies, or for any fan of good ole action flicks with  its share of kokes, this is the movie for you.  I recremend this over the  other one just because it explains how things heppened better.
B000003TAR|5.0|This is Nirvana's best album, and I think is one of the best albums ever made. &quot;Heart Shaped Box&quot; is essentially a perfect song. However, it is not the only song that is great. &quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot;  is under  appreciated, as well as &quot;Very Ape&quot; and &quot;Milk It.&quot; This  is definitely an album that you should buy.
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's third album is an intense infusion of hard metal edged speed combined with beautifully orchestrated melodic values.  This album helped Metallica's successful climb to the top of their genre.  Also the last  album to feature the amazing bass playing of Cliff Burton, this album  established Metallica as a heavy metal super power.  With only mimimal  support from radio around the country, Metallica let their music speak for  itself.  With songs ranging from the perspective of a soldier in Disposable  Heroes to that of an incarcerated mental hospital patient in Sanitarium,  Metallica sends through it's lyrics a powerful message.  More than just  your average speed packing metal album, Master of Puppets shows Metallica's  broad range of musical talent.  This is album is a MUST for every self  respecting rock music aficionado.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing by Heart is a terrific movie. After renting it at the video store I had to run out and buy it! I've lent it to almost everyone I know and they all loved it! It's a beautiful portrayal of love, life, and family. I  found it to be a wonderful feel good movie that brings hope to all that  have the same sort of problems that the characters run into. Each character  (including my two personal favorites: Anderson and Jolie) were outstanding.  They bring true feeling to the story and without each and everyone of them  it wouldn't have meant as much. I will cherish this movie forever!
0767903811|5.0|Bill Bryson did a fantastic job on this book. It tells a accurate (and hilarious) view on American and English culture. He brings up intresting points, that you'd never think about. Like his other books, he sees things  in a thoughtful yet funny way. He is not your typical travel writer. While  some of his writing get's repetitive, most of it remains fresh and humors.  Anyone who enjoys a funny look at culture, travel, and people's behavior  will enjoy &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America  After Twenty Years Away&quot;.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing by Heart is a terrific movie. After renting it at the video store I had to run out and buy it! I've lent it to almost everyone I know and they all loved it! It's a beautiful portrayal of love, life, and family. I  found it to be a wonderful feel good movie that brings hope to all that  have the same sort of problems that the characters run into. Each character  (including my two personal favorites: Anderson and Jolie) were outstanding.  They bring true feeling to the story and without each and everyone of them  it wouldn't have meant as much. I will cherish this movie forever!
B00000FCBC|4.0|I make no apologies about my trashing of &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;.  I never will.  But at least now we have something that reminds us of what this band used to be: the world's greatest garage band.  <br /> Some of their choices of covers are absolutely insipid (&quot;Tuesday's  Gone&quot;? &quot;Turn the Page&quot;? PUH-LEEASE!) but some actually  improve on the already great originals (&quot;Die Die My Darling&quot; -  what a shame that Cliff couldn't be around to participate on this one).  Of  the two discs here, the second one is the prime cut of beef, although the  Motorhead songs are largely ruined by the worse-than-bootleg  recording.<br />If nothing else, this thing's worth buying for &quot;So  What&quot; alone, an old ditty by the Anti-Nowhere League that has a very  good chance of NOT being played on your local AM radio.
034538072X|5.0|I love history, especially European History, but most books are pretty difficult to get through.  This book was definitely the easiest history I've EVER read and I would recommend it to anyone who'd like to find out  more about this notorious king!
0060273224|5.0|I just finished reading this book.  It was fantastic!  Garth Nix did a great job portraying the characters of Sabriel, her father, Mogget, the dead, and all the others.  I especially like the point at the end where all  the loose ends tie together.  Make sure you read the prologue and the  epilogue, because it clues you in.
078311513X|5.0|This movie has the best chase scene I have ever seen in a movie and is worth watching for it alone.  It involves Texas State police presented in a fairly good light chaseing down C. Thomas Howell whom they believe is a  horrible serial murderer.  He's not but they don't know it yet.  The scene  involes several police cars and a helicopter.  Brilliant.  Excellant story.  Riveiting and belleiveable.  Rutger Hauer is a great looney.
0789420708|5.0|What a timeless and inspired story! This book looks stunning and will be loved by everyone in your family. A MUST!
B00000JZC4|3.0|As did alot of people, I bought this album for the song &quot;Take a Picture&quot;, and was slightly disappointed with the rest of the content. I had to listen to it a couple of times for me to get kinda into it. But,  it definetly wasn't the winner that I had anticipated it to be.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Yes, it is a greatest hits collection. Yes, it contains songs that any Sarah fan havs heard many many times over. No, it is not the same. And, perhaps most importantly, no, it wasn't made &quot;for the money.&quot;  This is a superb piece of music, different from her recorded songs in that  it is filled with much more energy than the dignified restraint so popular  with her CDs. &quot;Adia,&quot; here with its quietly intense, pleasatily  morphed vocals, is a satisfying alternative to her mellow version on  Surfacing. &quot;I Love You&quot; seems more sad and lonely than the studio  version, as if Sarah is standing alone and whispering to the mirror.  &quot;Possession,&quot; however, is much more rough and powerful (due to  McLachlan's effortlessly determined voice) and (my personal favorite)  &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstacy&quot; is pure perfection, with its  impressive guitar and drum work rounding out McLachlan's passionate  singing. In short, this CD is so good because it's the same, brilliant  Sarah, packaged in a more intense package that's suitable for energetic  listening, rather than the quiet solitude her studio music could more fully  be appreciated in. Now, we have the best of both worlds.
6305750750|2.0|If you like special effects and want to see THE best Jedi fight of all the Star Wars movies , then I recommend buying the movie.Otherwise, just wait until it comes out on HBO and they give it  50 times a week.It's not worth  buying.
0425156842|4.0|Sophie's World by Jostein Gaarder provides the ameteur student of history, philosophy, or the social sciences with a powerful narrative that captures the entire 3,000-year history of philosophy in a mere 500 pages.  On the  one hand, this book entices the reader with a page-turning plot that melds  your reality with Sophie's world; on the other, it provides the most  synoptic history of philosophy ever written.  This book is sure to provoke  healthy debate within the mind of its reader.
B000002J1S|5.0|In the mid 70's, I overheard &quot;Back in NYC&quot; playing in my brother's room, and was immediately fascinated by what seemed to be the most interesting-sounding rock music I'd ever heard.  Listening to the rest  of the album only confirmed my impressions, which I've recently had a  chance to reinforce with a CD version to replace the long worn out  album.<br />Simply put, this is a masterpiece!  Often lumped in (unfairly)  with Yes, ELP, and other often pretentious progressive rockers, Genesis  proves with this album that they not only had these groups' musical ability  but could also sustain interesting content over 4 full sides (100+ minutes  of music).  Even the &quot;fillers&quot; here -- the instrumental sections  between songs -- are carefully thought out, and believe it or not hide some  exquisite melodies.<br />Some albums reward repeated attention by the  listener.  In no other rock album is this as true with &quot;Lamb.&quot;   It was great in 1975, and it's great today.
6304675348|5.0|I remember seeing this movie in its opening weekend just because my friends wanted to see it. I was completely unprepared for how terrifying it is. I was too afraid to be home alone for a while - and even answering the  phone with people around made me nervous! It's clever and amusing, and  keeps you guessing (and on the edge of your seat) right up to the end. This  one is definitely the best of the series (Scream 2 being the worst). Don't  see it unless you want to be scared.
B00000634L|5.0|wonderful.  i can't even describe how much i love this album.  bran van 3000 definately fits in about every genre of music.  i usually hate rap (esp. &quot;white&quot; rap) but i love this album.  it is great to listen  to while driving -- in fact, that's when it's at it's best.  i recommend it  to anyone who likes alternative music or hip hop stuff.  it's just a really  fun album.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Sadly, I saw this movie immediately after reading an article on Kevin Spacey which gave away the ending. I was so mad! I really NEVER would have guessed. I don't know where to begin - everything was just so perfect,  whether it be the acting, writing, etc. It draws you in early on and never  lets go. The ending will definitely surprise you (just don't read any  articles about it first). The acting is brilliant - especially Kevin  Spacey. He truly deserved that Academy Award for this.
6301008960|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It really brings you back to high school and is very accurate in many ways.  Makes you wish that he kissed her in the car under the stars and the African Ritual Dance is  absolutely hilarious.  Hope they re-release it soon.
B00002Z88D|4.0|First, I'd like to say that the idea was a good, the orchestration is well-done, &amp; the overall album is a success... BUT, they excluded the one song that SHOULD have made it on the list Michael Kamen compiled for  the album. How did &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; not make it onto that list?  Was it that Kamen couldn't get it to sound right, or did it just slip his  mind. <br />But before I go, I'll tell you what's right with this album. The  sound quality of both Metallica &amp; the Orchestra are phenomenal! The way  the 2 sounds blend together are, well, fanastic! &quot;The Call of  Ktulu&quot; does do Cliff Burton justice. However, they could have left  &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; off of the final product. Still, &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot; would have made this all the more worthwile.
6304675348|5.0|I LOVED IT!                               IT WAS SO SCARY!               IT WAS AN EDGE OF YOU SEAT MOVIE!                                         BUY IT!
B00001OH7Y|5.0|Hi, I'm a teenager. I bought this album a few months back at the recommendation of Amazon. I'd like to say that this album sounds so very fresh to the ears of someone (e.g. Me) who wasn't yet born when this album was first released. The music is brilliant. The lyrics are  thought-provoking. It holds it own with the ever-fantastic &quot;Berlin  Trilogy&quot;(The Eno collaborations, for those who don't know). Even  though I'm young, I know a great Bowie album when I hear one.
0783204914|5.0|FIRST OFF I'D LIKE TO TELL MOST OF THE OTHER REVIEWER'S THAT THE NAME PACINO HAS NO H A FEW PEOPLE GOT IT RIGHT BUT MOST OF YOU CAN'T SPELL AND PUT DOWN PACHINO AS HIS NAME. BUT ASIDE FROM THAT THIS FILM IS ONE OF THE  BEST OF 1992 AND THE THE BEST OF THE DECADE IT ALSO CONTAINS PACINO'S BEST  PERFORMANCE AS BLIND LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRANK SLADE AND THE SCENE WHERE  PACINO DOES THE TANGO WITH GABRIELLE ANWAR IS ONE OF THE BEST SCENES EVER  FILMED.
B000002UBU|5.0|This cd is one of the greatest cds of all time.I'm am only 11,but my mom recalls standing in line for 4 hours the day the record came out.She still has it today and I loved to listen to it over and over again.Unfortunetly  my record player broke a while ago and I have been looking for the cd  everywhere.I finally found it here and I was introduced to other great  songs like &quot;Vincent&quot; and &quot;Sister Fatima&quot;.These are all  greta songs, and I love them dearly.To anyone who is reading this,I  sincerely recommend this cdd,and if you buy it I know you will enjoy it.  Thank you and good bye.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine out does herself everytime she puts out a new album. This is a wonderful collection of all her best..She is the best,glad she is Canadian.
6305750750|3.0|Okay, let's state it plainly.<br />To those of you who think this is the greatest film ever made: get a clue.  This was not a perfect picture.<br />To those of you hailing it as the worst waste of film you've ever seen: don't  overreact.  It wasn't that bad.<br />There's more to the plot of this film  than many give it credit for.  Why do we care about some dumb trade war  over taxces and tarriffs?  We don't.  But that's not the point.  The entire  plot was simply a means to an end--the first step in the rise to power of  the Empire.<br />Palpatine orchestrates an otherwise unimpressive trade  dispute to gain control in the Senate.  Palpatine is also Darth Sideous,  Sith.  Thus, this film represents the beginning of the Sith's seizing of  power, the first seeds of the evil Empire that dominates by the  second/original/whatever trilogy.  At the same time, Lucas introduces  Anakin Skywalker, who also dominates the second trilogy--both thru his  presence as Darth Vader, and thru his offspring, Luke and Leia.<br />Thus, it  is a more complex plot than it seems on the surface.<br />Sure, there were  midichlorians (lame!) and Jar Jar (lame!) and a horrible first 20 or 30  minutes.  But the minute Qui Gon and Watto shake on the Pod Race bet, this  film takes off, and becomes a pretty good space opera ... which is all Star  Wars was ever meant to be.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is full of emotions.  They really try to express how they feel about everything. I'm sure they could go with out all of the swearing but it really adds to the effect of their music.  If you are a rap/rock fan  this is a must have for your collection.  Slipknot is is one of my favorite  cds  it rarely comes out of my cd player.  Definately a must have for hard  rock fans all over
B000002KD9|5.0|I don't just say this because it is the popular thing to do. I have everyone of his albums, and this is the most consistant one of them all. One reviewer mentioned songs like the title track and &quot;Tell Me  Why.&quot; But don't forget &quot;Don't Let It Bring You Down.&quot; It is  one of the best songs Young has ever written. As for &quot;Southern  Man,&quot; I have to agree that this is one of the weakest songs on the  album. But, if that song is weak, just think how strong the others are.  This is simply a masterpiece by a legendary artist.
0783235380|1.0|I have a beautiful home theatre which I spent over$50,000.00 on. I was so excited that I didnt care what movie I put on, so I let my wife choose.    Big mistake!   It was absolutely boring and I thought the actors went  together as well as Matter and Anti-Matter. I thought it was so bad that I  dont even want to talk about it anymore!
B00000K2UX|5.0|Iam a Wrestler and this cd gets me pumped up and ready to win I would say this cd is better than the Rocky. When this cd is put on during practice some off my other teamates will slack off But this cd gets me supercharged  and ready to beat anybody.
0440211727|5.0|I have read several of Grisham's books and they are all wonderful, but this is the best I do believe. Different from other Griaham books, I highly reccomend it to people that like Grisham and even those who don't.
B00000IQMT|4.0|This CD is one of my favorites. I love the movie and the soundtrack is even better. If you like the movie you'll like this CD. The best track on this is #2 &quot;Duel of the Fates.&quot; It sets the mood for this awesome  movie.
B000000W5N|1.0|To the reviewer who asked why Beatles fans attack the RS.Maybe you should ask the  opposite.Go to any Beatles review and youll find stones fans galore attacking the Beatles out of pure jealousy.Fans of the Beatles are  generally very secure,its the Stones fans who are usually jealous and  bitter.Why?I dont know. Maybe its there(beatles)inate superiority that bugs  them I dont know.But overall this is an OK CD.
1558908382|5.0|I usually refrain from synopses, but this movie deserves it.<br />John Cusack is a weary hitman (&quot;I killed the President of Paraguay with a fork; how have you been?&quot;), Minnie Driver his jilted prom date turned local  D.J. (&quot;And here's the Specials. Doing . . . one of their  songs.&quot;). Dan Ackroyd is a rival mercenary (&quot;We'll go upstairs  together and cap daddy!&quot;) with Alan Arkin as Cusack's shrink  (&quot;Take a deep breath and realise that this is you breathing.&quot;)  The ever wonderful Joan Cusack rounds of the cast as her brother's  other-worldly secretary (&quot;It's a Greenpeace boat; it'd be so  easy.&quot;)<br />Not enough? Throw in lashings of dead-pan banter, a dollop  of high-octane shoot-outs, sprinkle with one of the most realistic and  slick hand-to-hand combat scenes ever to grace the screen, and garnish with  a kickin' 80's soundtrack. <br />Serve cool. Very cool.
B000000W5P|1.0|Not better than TSMR.The Stones always seem to be copying someone,the fab four in the sixties bowie and the bee gees in the seventies.Though the stones are at their best when they try stuff like the discoish Miss You and  the latter Emotional Rescue as well as the earlier acid stuff on TSMR,and  forgot the stodgy R&amp;R. Would have been good had they done a cover of  All You Need is Love.They could have done a video with the Beatles sitting  at THEIR feet.NOT!  This is an OK CD but if your not a Stones nut your  better off with a compilation and that way you dont get any filler which  the stones are notorious for.Try Hot Rocks,Rolled Gold or Rewind.
0790733226|4.0|Contact is a film about the battle to get to space, and what we might find there. It's not attempting to prove or disprove God, or the value of science. It's not trying to tell us that all politicians or priests are  bad. And it's not trying to be &quot;Lost in Space&quot;.<br />What  &quot;Contact&quot; is: a moderately thoughtful and carefully constructed  essay on possible first contact and problems therein. It's got some cheesy  mechanics in it (love-story, arbitrary ending), but, frankly, you expect  that. It does provide beautiful and, more importantly, integral special  effects, and some nice acting from a few cast members. Not all, mind  you.<br />I find it difficult to believe that anyone who watches this film  with tolerance and an open mind could object to it. Obsessive Christians'  only complaint might be that there are atheists in the movie. Grow up -  there are atheists in real life. Obsessive scientists might have trouble  with depictions of science as faith. Get real - the issue isn't science,  but personal belief.<br />If you can shed a few preconceptions, and are  willing to watch something a little deeper than &quot;Batman and  Robin&quot;, then you should enjoy &quot;Contact&quot;. If not, then just  don't watch it. But you'll be missing out on an important debate.
6305603847|5.0|This DVD brought out absolutely everything Roger Waters was thinking about when he created the Wall.  The commentary was awesome.  To finally have every last scene explained to you from the man himself was truly awesome.
6305169187|5.0|I have watched Armaggedon on Sky before and i thought it was brilliant because of the acting and the actors/actresses. (Especially Ben Affleck!) The movie itself was entertaining and cool and i insist that you go and buy  it or video it!
B000002UZ1|4.0|Obviously Mr. Green (see review below from the canadian, T. Green) does not understand music. While the Bum Bum song is cutting edge, I do not feel that it has the diversity nor staying power of a classic such as the White  Album. Therfore, I would not rate the Bum Bum song as being better than the  White Album (although it is close) Thank you.
6305169187|5.0|I have watched Armaggedon on Sky before and i thought it was brilliant because of the acting and the actors/actresses. (Especially Ben Affleck!) The movie itself was entertaining and cool and i insist that you go and buy  it or video it!
B00003CXBK|5.0|Rare is it for a film, animated or otherwise, to impact you so deeply that you sit in your chair, unable to move, as the end credits begin to roll; stunned at what unfolded before your eyes, what you have just had the  pleasure of beholding - of experiencing. There or two other anime features  that have done this to me. One was Studio Ghibli's heart wrenching  masterpiece 'Grave of the Fireflies' and the other was Studio Gainax's  groundbreaking 'The End of Evangelion'. 'Princess Mononoke' has taken a  place as one of the best films ever created, or should I say dreamed.  'Princess Mononoke' is a dream come true.  <br /> I will not go into the plot  because I feel everyone should go into this film with an open mind, with no  preconceived notions, as I did. Sure, I had a faint idea what the basic  premise was, but nothing had prepared me for what I saw on that screen.   <br /> Mononoke was previously in limited release, showing in small/art  theaters in the top 20 markets (LA, NYC, Chicago, etc.) Miramax had stated  that if it did well in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area then they would go  ahead with a full release. Sadly, Mononoke bombed in this market, so many  people will never be able experience the film in the theatrical ratio  Director Miyazaki originally envisioned. If any Japanese Animation deserved  national theatrical release, it is this one. The animation is, in every  sense of the word, stunning. Far surpassing traditional Disney animation in  terms of CG ingenuity and attention to detail. <br />  The film is only  rated PG-13, but it is really borderline 'R'. The themes and emotions it  deals with will go right over the heads of younger viewers. Plus there is  some intense and often times violent action. Decapitations become a common  trend in the film, and there is a particularly graphic sequence in which a  hog like animal begins to spew blood from its body. In the screening I  attended I noticed one boy, around 6/7, bury his head in his father's  shoulder. Afterwards, I couldn't help but overhear and younger girl saying  to her dad &quot;You didn't tell me it was going to be scary...&quot;.  Mononoke is not a child's cartoon, it is serious adult animation with  imagery and dialogue to back that up. Speaking of the dialogue, there is *a  lot* of it. The film spans more than two hours, which will be too long to  keep most second graders interested. <br />  As far as dubbing is  concerned, it was [surprisingly?] done quite well. Probably one of the best  dubs, actually. The translation is excellent and the voice-lip synch is  nearly flawless. This is one anime where the dubbing won't detract from the  enjoyment of the film. <br />  As you probably have figured out by now, I  am very excited about Mononoke. I can't help but call the film completely  and utterly perfect. From the epic story to the breathtaking animation,  Mononoke succeeds on all levels. Any film buff that is a film buff deserves  to see this, and this film deserves to be seen.
B00003W8NM|5.0|One of the things that bothers me the most is when people review things that they do not fully grasp themselves. People say Fight Club lacks any true meaning and that it's just violence. Pick up the book, and you'll find  out yourself. Watch the movie...it's right there in big bold letters.  <br />Fight Club is another Fincher classic. Beautifully shot, the camera work  is something to marvel over. Fincher takes you from point A, to point B,  then back to point A again at a breakneck speed which will leave you  wondering what will happen next.<br />As for the violence. The violence, the  &quot;fight club&quot; is in no more than twenty minutes of the movie. Even  when it is in the movie, it serves it's own point and purpose. And  no...that point and purpose is not violence. <br />The main focus of this  movie that all the critics choose to blindly ignore is the inner struggle  within a man [Norton] to find a purpose in life and to find himself. He's a  man stuck in normality. Stuck in a world where we're all just consumers and  he's sick of it.<br />When he meets Tyler Durden [Pitt] he finally is able to  come to a self realization and that realization is that we're not our jobs,  we're not our clothes, and we're not our cars et. al. <br />If it takes a  smack in the face to see this...then so be it. <br />As for the movie not  having any qualities that will urge you to see it again...ha! I saw this  movie in the theaters opening night and went on to see it two more times.  Am I a violent man? Nope, never even been in a fight. Does this movie make  me want to get in a fight? Definately, not. If anything this movie shows  the consequences in fighting. From Norton losing a tooth to Angel Face  getting his face beat in and losing all his beauty. <br />If anything the  message of the movie is that you have every right to fight....fight  anything or anybody you want. Just be willing to except the consequences,  like everybody in the movie had to.
B000002HRE|4.0|ReLoad is a great CD.  The only real thing I didn't like about it was that it got slow sometimes. The majority of songs are upbeat and fast, with catchy phrases like &quot;I'm chokin on the bad seed&quot;. The Vocals are  good, and the guitar solos are great. Lars brings good drummin for an  awesome CD. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Metallica. Not too  much swearing in the music, but when they do swear, it's usually bad.   Overall, I give it a four because, while good, I liked about 4/5 of the  songs.
B000008GEF|3.0|At least half of &quot;Living in the Material World&quot; is up to the superb standards set by &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, which is saying a lot. The other half is rather forgettable, but the good stuff is worth the  price of admission. I wish they could have seen fit to include &quot;Miss  O'Dell&quot; as a bonus track though!
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is the First Maiden album (perhaps even the First Metal album) I was ever introduced to in High School back in the 80's. I becamre a die hard fan shortly afterwards. This album is the last of the first 5 early  sounding albums and definitely some of thier best work. This is a  definitive album as thier last of the pure guitar sound which they  displayed up until and including this album. unlike somewhere in time  (thier next album) where the band begins experimenting with guitar  synthesizers (or what many in these reviews have refered to as keyboards).  If you've gotta have thier best stuff, this should definitely be in your  collection, as well as every album they did before this.
B000035Z2L|5.0|A very funny comedy about high school teenagers and their dealings with a very important topic-sex!  The plot of this film is quite similar to previous movies about high schoolers; the time is updated to the late  nineties.  There's plenty of sex-related situations contained here, but  limited enough to keep this film from earning an NC-17 rating.  This is one  flick just about anyone from teenage and older can relate to; it will  entertain and might make you recall your own teenage experiences!
B00000BKE0|1.0|Okay, I'm not sure what happenned here I bought this one though and tried really hard to &quot;get into&quot; it. This was the album that made me realize that my love for &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; The Band, was not as  strong as my Love for &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; the music. This album is a  huge step down from thier traditional sound. They totally break thier  promise which I read years earlier in a tour book of I.E. &quot;trying to  avoid the AC-DC sound&quot;. They went from the intelligent lyrics, and  sound of 7th son to this almost sell out sound.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I think her album was higly sophisticated and should be awarded a grammy.I think she is full of talent and so far I think Tapestry is her best album.
B00000BKDZ|3.0|I was a diehard fan from hearing Powerslave and then going backwards to research thier earlier stuff. It's interresting to hear the transition from Dianno to Dickinson, and love all thier stuff. While this album isn't in  thier first 5, (which I consider over 15 yrs later as thier best) it's  probably thier last &quot;decent&quot; album. I'd still buy this one but I  could also live without it. It can be said that this album is a slight  improvement over Somewhere In Time, but it begins to become obvious with  this one as well, that these great musicians are starting to run short on  ideas. Hey it happens to all great bands eventually. It was after this  album and hearing thier next two albums that I began to realize I wasn't so  much an Iron Maiden Fan as a fan of good music. If you like good music this  is the last maiden album I can recommend.
B000005J56|5.0|I was told of this CD from a friend, not knowing the history of the &quot;group&quot; or the music other than the album had recently won a grammy and that Ry Cooder had alot to do with the fact that these guys were  playing together. I was skeptical st first but I am open to all sorts of  music. I first played the album while driving in my car with my wife and a  friend and we instantly realized we had a hit a goldmine! I was so  impressed with this album, I told everyone who cared and they loved it, I  also saw the Buena Vista Social Club movie which gave me a rich insight  into the history behind the musicians and the music I was listening to.   GREAT ALBUM!
B000002ORU|5.0|This is an incredible box set. How can the above reviewer say it was &quot;slapped together&quot; to make a quick buck (&quot;The Who Sells Out, again?)? The BLOODY thing comes with a 72 page booklet.<br />I truly had  forgotten how much I love The Who until  I heard this collection. I never,  ever listen to &quot;classic rock&quot; radio, and if I did, I'd probably  only hear Baba O Reilly or Won't Get Fooled Again. The &quot;Oldies&quot;  stations would never play &quot;I Can't Explain&quot;, although it's  innocuous and catchy.<br />So I bought this. I saw it at a record store, yes a  record store, not online, and was flooded with memories of Meaty Beaty Big  and Bouncy introduced to me at the tender age of ten by some stoner  neighbor. But I never thought of them as one of the greatest. The Stones,  of course, but The Who? Well, yes. Compare this to any of the Beatles  collections. If you were trapped in a restroom for the rest of your life  (I'm sick of the desert island scenario) which compilation would you rather  have? Which has more substance, more diversity, more, can I say this,  cajones as rock LEGENDS?<br />I just bought The Kids Are Alright here at  Amazon. I can't wait to see it again. It's been 15 years.<br />By the way,  Rock and Roll Circus wasn't aired because Mick Jagger was angry that The  Who blew them away. True story, I'm told.<br />Thank you, and rock on....man.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Not only is this one of the best horror movies ever made, its also the debut of one of the most kinetic and exciting directors ever. Even though it was made on no money, the makeup effects are great and Bruce Campbell  hints at the total insanity his performance would bring to Evil Dead's  successor. One of the few movies ever to actually frighten me, Raimi really  builds up the tension with his careful use of all the horror movie cliches,  creaking doors, smoke etc., but puts it all together to make a spooky  atmosphere that'll have your heart in your throat. The gore flies as Ash  tries to stomp out the demon threat, (I made my uncle vomit with this  flick) and he almost succeeds. This is a true horror movie classic, shows  what a bunch of college guys with some karo syrup and a camera can do. The  DVD extras are great, a total must-see, buy it NOW!
B000003TA4|5.0|After about 350 reviews, what can I say?  Nothing! There is nothing to say, it's a legend, and for that matter, evryone should have (at least) one copy of that disk at home!
0790734850|4.0|I have to agree with some of the reviewers expressing disappointment in this movie, or at least empathize with them partially.  In its whole, it's not the mindblower its awards would have you believe.  However, it is  nonetheless a wonderful film.  It gives remarkable, rare glimpses into  human nature and police politics, and the story itself is fantastic; full  of twists, turns and thrills.  Kevin Spacey is, as usual, spectacular, and  if anything, I think his is the only underrated performance in the film  (though by no means are the others under par).  Jim LaRegina's comments  below are pretty much bang-on for me: I thought the Ed/Lynn scene was the  start of the film's minor deterioration; up until that point, the movie was  astonishingly brilliant.  After that, however, there are definitely too  many plot holes.  I haven't read the book, so I don't know if it could have  to do with the alterations done for the movie adaptation, but in any case,  you can smell Hollywood all over the last half-hour or so.  Anyway, this is  a wonderful film, not 5-star but 4, that deserves multiple viewings and a  good chunk, if not all, the laudatory comments it's received.
B000000W5L|5.0|Nobody could possibly be expected to put out a &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; every time. This album should be heard as it is: sloppy,dirty,grungy and when you think of the Stones,that is what they should be like.We ain't  talkin' 'bout no Backstreet Boys here.They could've worked on the songs a  bit more but &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot; and &quot;All Down The Line&quot;  and &quot;Happy&quot; and &quot;Rocks Off&quot; and the rest still come off  rocking harder than ANYTHING they did after Exile.So if rock music is what  you like get Exile. If you prefer bland pop you might want to get Emotional  Rescue, featuring the songs not good enough to be on Some Girls, whose  leftovers made it onto Tattoo You.
B0000009SY|5.0|Where do I start? This album is pure genius. All these songs are musically intense and complex, yet he throws in his own unmistakable humor that will leave you both hysterical and sentimental at once. I really wish more guys  had the balls to make records like this. Of course, if you're a listener  who is more concerned in looking cool while your listening to something,  then you can skip this in a second. And good riddance dammit. On this  record, Frank satirizes how the public labels rock and roll as the devil  nowadays. And it's amazingly scary how ahead of his time he was.     Aside  from all the humor and irony in his lyrics, Frank and his band are amazing  as always. &quot;Watermelon In Easter Hay&quot; is a truly awesome guitar  solo, that every guitarist should get a chance to hear. What makes this  album truly unique is how you can sit down for the entire length of the  album and get totally lost in the music. Sitting down and reading along  with the lyrics while listening to it is an amazing experience the first  time around. It's almost like watching a movie in a way, except with  legendary musicianship and unmatched satirical humor. So if you've never  had a chance to sit down and get enveloped in Frank's music, buy this album  and it'll change the way you think about what rock and roll should really  be. And for Zappa fans, do I really have to reccomend this album to you?   Either way, this is a classic compilation that undoubtedly deserves a spot  in your CD collection. Enjoy this cuz' they don't make em' like this  anymore!
B00000K19E|5.0|I OWN ABOUT 30 DVD'S, BUT WHEN MY FRIENDS COME OVER THE ONLY REQUEST I EVER SEEM TO GET IS MATRIX. TURN UP THE SURROUND SOUND, SWITCH OFF THE LIGHTS AND LET THE BASS AND SPECIAL EFFECTS BLOW YOU AWAY. THIS ONE IS A  MUST FOR YOUR COLLECTION.
0515127485|3.0|I enjoyed very much the first part, where the true thrilling factor were the ghosts of Stalinism conjuring over Russia's future. Then something happened to the author (I guess this is the greatest mystery of the book)  and once Fluke and his journalist pal leave Moscow, the book degrades into  a cheap &quot;page-turner&quot;. Understanding institutional violence under  Stalinism is no easy task, but the answer cannot be sought in the  Archangelsk tundra. The Guy who lives in the wilderness, and who owes his  discursive identity to Stalin, is a recycled version of Huxley's Savage, in  &quot;Brave New World&quot;; but Harris (or whoever wrote the second part  of the novel) has no time to develop the idea into a full-blown allegory. I  enjoyed the portraying of the various &quot;Soviet&quot; dinosaurs as much  as I did enjoy the atmosphere of the post-communist Moscow: the analogy  with Weimar is quite to the point, but it so happens that Harris, in search  of some more &quot;twist&quot;, hits on the remote control, and takes us to  the Tundra, where everything is much simpler. The premise is wasted, the  reader frustrated.
6305307261|5.0|Is Coppola's &quot;Dracula&quot; a tad overproduced for your tastes? &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; with its cast of exquisite faces a bit too 'Hollywood'? Lesser modern vampire movies (think &quot;Fright Night&quot;, &quot;Lost Boys&quot;, or even the flimsy Hammer flix) taking too many liberties with the Gothic theme and going for cheap shocks? Well, if this is how you feel, then &quot;Nosferatu&quot; might be the vampire movie for you ... a gorgeous dreamscape of sublime images (Caspar David Friedrich comes to mind more than once), set to a soundtrack of haunting beauty. Rather an understatement in its overall style, this atmospheric gem of a movie is very low key and yet utterly creepy. Herzog clearly does homage to Murnau's original, but it's more than a remake, it's an enhancement ... like being able to hear the music on an ancient shellack in HiFi after all.
0780628551|1.0|This movie was the poorest excuse for a film I'd seen in a long time.  It's poor plot and plot development managed to almost put me asleep.  In the midst of such great films as The Matrix and The Sixth Sense its sad  that a production studio would even let this title be released.  This movie  is a great choice if you need something to lure you into a trance and then  make you fall asleep.
0553278355|5.0|I have just re-read Sylvia Plath's, &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; having first read it some 20+ years ago as a teenager.  Now, as then, it flowed gracefully before me as though I were sitting beside a stream, watching  water move, instead of words across the pages of a paperback.  Plath's  unmatched mastery of metaphors astounds.  Her grace and style and ease make  &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; seem like one is hearing one's own thoughts; her  thoughts and her words would be my thoughts and words in a parallel  situation.  They would be the thoughts and words of women all around the  world, were we all so articulate to communicate them as efficiently as does  Plath.  Style, it seems, was her greatest weapon.<br />&quot;The Bell  Jar&quot; is Sylvia's  autobiography-meets-enough-fiction-so-as-not-to-make-my-friends-and-family-ticked-off-at-me.   She remarks in one passage about some works of writing being such that she  loved them so much that she wished she could climb in, into the pages,  between the lines as though between the opening of a split rail fence.   &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is like this.  The reader feels they know Plath --  she is like the best friend you always wanted to be more like.  Her story  here is not simply an interesting compilation of anecdotes, but a  friendship and connection with a young woman too brilliant.  Because there  is such a thing.<br />I highly recommend this book, and ANYTHING and  EVERYTHING by Sylvia Plath.  Seldom has so gifted a writer placed foot upon  this planet.
B000001FI7|5.0|I can't believe that this CD was out for all these years before I discovered it a few months ago, and it hasn't left my CD player yet.  Beth Gibbons expresses so much heart-felt aching in her singing, and it blends  absolutely perfectly with the deep, bassy organs, record scratching and the  numerous other sounds on this album.  It confounds me the way that this  album manages to sound so old and yet so modern at the same time.  The  sparseness of the organs and Beth's voice on Roads as she coos &quot;oooh,  can't anybody see / we've got a war to fight&quot; leads to perhaps one of  the most haunting tracks I've ever heard, while there is complete and utter  hopeless desperation in her voice in Sour Times.  Meanwhile, &quot;It Could  Be Sweet&quot; sounds almost like something heard on a Sade album.  Even  though the album changes a bit from track to track, it is consistently  brilliant from the first track to the last, and deserves a place in every  CD collection.
0920668372|5.0|I've used this book in the classroom in five countries.  Parents, children, co-workers, Ministry of Education folks have come to love this story for its absurdity and positive message.  Imagine your mother picking  you up and rocking you back and forth; imagine picking up your mother!  The  young learners I work with in ESL situations just love it when I substitute  names of class members into the story - truly, a book for the young and  young at heart!
B000023VR6|5.0|I just got this CD two hours ago and it's already one of my favorites!Eminem rules and Dre still knows how to rap like it ain't funny.
B00000DHRX|5.0|The whole album is awesome it goes from songs of WHAM all the way to the latest hits!  Its awesome!  I have wore holes in my CD's.  YOU GO GEORGE!  Its definitely well worth it. I also bought the VHS and DVD, the videos are  amazing.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Before Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs closed its doors in Nov. 1999, they did a limited pressing of their newer titles, including two Who discs.  They unfortunately are very rare, but worth it.  Anyone who has ever heard a  MFSL gold CD (such as U2's Joshua Tree) played against the standard release  knows what kind of amazing difference there is when the original master is  used directly to produce the CD. A great disc.
630575067X|5.0|First of all, PLEASE do not pay ANY attention to all those idiots who call themselves critics but aren't able to understand a masterful film such as this. If you cannot feel the Force in this film, it's not because of the  film, it's because of you. The entire Star Wars saga is a warm and  beautiful story for people who can still open their heart for a wonderful  story such as this, and who have no need for postmodernistic cynism and  other depressive ways of expression. This film is a unique achievement, a  timeless story with some of the greatest characters, music, special  effects, atmosphere and simple beauty that the world of storytelling has  ever known. Love it, I know I do.
B000002HMH|4.0|I cannot believe how many people have given this album a hard time. Just because Metallica came into this album after having put out 5 speedier albums doesn't mean that this one should be in any way similar. Sure some  songs seem a bit slow and not at all what we thought Metallica to be but  hey I guess if they like what they do then really what we (the  fans/listeners) think doesn't really matter. Personally this album marks a  stand against narrow mindedness of most so called &quot;hard-men of heavy  metal&quot;...give this album a chance cos some of these songs are truly  epics...for example 'Outlaw Torn' and 'Bleeding Me' are up there with the  likes of 'One' and 'Fade To Black'. Anyway this stuff will grow on you I  can assure you.
6301247485|1.0|This was the worst movie that I have seen in a long time.  The one star in my rating of this video goes to the beginning of the credits, which were very well done.  I did not enjoy any of the actors, in particular those  playing Tom Buchanan and Myrtle Wilson.  He was too sedate, and she was far  too melodramatic.  The movie as a whole was far too melodramatic, due  inpart to the horrendously intrusive music (Watch for Gastby silloetted  againt a sunset, and listen to the music; you'll laugh out loud).  This  movie makes a mockery of possibly the best book I have ever read.  Best  line &quot;I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it  and push you around.&quot; -Daisy
B00001QEE9|5.0|I'm so glad that they are doing the Disney movies on DVD now.  The quality of the picture and sound are excellent.  We've added this to our DVD collection along with all of the other Disney DVD's.  I have almost all of  the Disney movies on video... and hope to continue to add to our DVD  collection
B0000035E7|5.0|This album will give you the intense felling that only Nirvana can give you.  The riffs and hard and pleasent and it rocks!
0767817478|5.0|I'm going to break an arrow in favor of Godzilla. Of course, I admit that Mariah Pitillo and the New York major are unsupportable (they, especially she, seem coming from a class about how trying to look like an actress  withouth remotely seem it), that Jurassic Park model is omnipresent and  that the plot could be better. But Godzilla is so real... you can feel it  breathing. It's no longer a monster. It's just an animal that do what it's  supposed to expect from it. I was not scared at all; I was amazed to see  that huge being just walking, eating, jumping, running,... It was more real  than some humans in the plot! What sense has the ancient Godzilla? Apart  from being a cult movie, it's absurd. In this new Godzilla, I was really  afraid for its integrity. I really didn't care about the humans. Godzilla  would have been better if he (or she?)just went on living and reproducing!  That would be more original. The five stars are for the real artists of the  movie: the special effects creators. Critic tend to dismiss effects, but  these are so admirable as the work of a plot, screenplay or an acting.
6304083769|5.0|HI,when i watched this film when my mom got it for me it hit me as one of the best anime movies i have ever seen. The animation ran smoothly,the art was brilliant and the characters still had those large eyed looks kinda  like this ^_^. the only problem was the storyline was hard to follow but im  still going to give it 5 stars because it is still a cool movie. Enjoy all  you anime &amp; manga fans !
B000001DZQ|5.0|What incredible feelings and emotions a guitar can rise when Buchanan plays. To me, the most amazing thing is the honesty in the sound and the intention, more than the unobjectionable virtuosity.  Simply superb. I  thaugh he was the Vincent van Gogh on music. Great selection. I reccommend  you.
0385493800|5.0|When i start reading this book,since it is my first inspirance whith John Gricham,I was sceptic.But now i am going to buy more of his books hoping to find something this much interesting.I recomend the book&quot;  Testament&quot;, to everyone!I am sure you will enjoy...
0156528207|5.0|This slender charmer has long been a favorite--since I read it high school French class.  The golden-haired boy--an interstellar traveler--touches a responsive chord in many hearts: the fox who wants to be tamed by him; the  stranded pilot who sketches for him when he'd rather be repairing his  plane; even the small snake who offers to speed his journey home. Adults  and young readers alike will treasure this gentle tale. <br />  Critics--those  pompous and serious adults--debate St. Exupery's intention in this  tiny  masterpiece.  Is it a fairy tale or an astral fable?  Is it a vehicle to  offer subtle criticism of Society's foibles, cleverly disguised as a  children's story?  Is the author trying to Entertain or to Instruct--or  just gently offer us a nostalgia trip?  Sometimes we jaded adults yearn for  the simplicity and faith of childhood.  Perhaps we need to see the world  with our hearts, as the Essential is often invisible or blurred to our  eyes. For when we can bring ourselves to sacrifice &quot;matters of  consequence&quot;, only then will we recognize our moral and social  responsibilities in life.  St. Exupery's delightful sketches enhance our  literary pleasure.  Perhaps you will regard the stars (and roses)  differently after reading this.
6303913881|5.0|Showgirls happens to be one of my favorite movies.  Campy?  Ridiculous?  Maybe, but there is something about this movie that wants me to watch it over and over again.  Could not wait to see the movie on its release date.   Am a dancer myself in Las Vegas and can safely say that the backstage  goings-on are NOTHING like real life.  My personal favorite scene is when  Nomi auditions for a spot in the chorus of GODDESS.  Know the dialogue by  heart.  And would give anything to be an extra in SHOWGIRLS 2...
0131103628|4.0|Undoubtedly the most authoritative book on C and that should come as no surprise seeing who the authors are BUT definitely not a book for beginners. This book is great for someone who has taken at least 1 C  course.
6305609691|1.0|This was the worst war movie I have ever seen and is too historically inaccurate and very unrealistic. I felt I couldn't get into it. It had a totally unrealistic plot also. I don't recommend this movie to anyone
B000002UB3|5.0|Although it was not their last Album, it was their last great album together.  Abbey Road is a fantastic mixture of the fab four's melody and fine individual efforts.  George Harrison proves that While My Guitar  Gently Weeps was not a fluke on the preceeding White Album.  His Something  and Here comes the Sun are brillant and make this album what it is.  Come  Together is a classic.  This Album can be listened to for hours upon hours  and not lose an inch of flavour.  Which is why this album is so good.
B000002L9Y|4.0|This album was an excellent album. I thought it was an awesome twist using synthesizer sounds, unlink previous albums &quot;Rumours&quot; and such. Tango in the Night was over-all a very good CD. None of the Songs  disappointed me. &quot;Big Love&quot;, &quot;Seven Wonders&quot;, and  &quot;Everywhere&quot; are my top favorites. However, &quot;Tango in the  Night&quot;, &quot;Little Lies&quot;, and &quot;When I See You Again&quot;  are still excellently written songs. One of my major disappointments in  these songs were the lack of lead guitar. Compared to other albums, it  didn't compare at all. For it being Lindsey Buckinham's final Fleetwood Mac  album, I think he should've impressed me more.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul was the Album that marked the transformation of the Beatles.  It has a divine mix of classical Beatles and Dylan influenced Beatles.  The songs are classics and are very deserving of the excellence that they have  recieved over the years.  This Album although not their besst is among the  top 5.  The lyrics of Rubber Soul open up the tital wave of talent that  went into the recording and writting of the next albums.
B00000163G|5.0|Tupac has shown his true fans what rap means, he is my favorite rapper and god bless his soul!  he will be remembered and love from relatives, family, friends and fans. You will really enjoy this cd.
B000002UA9|3.0|Good, but not Great.  It is a good mix of some original and non-original.  The two singles on it make it listenable.  The Album is good to listen to if you like the early beatles, but it is a stark difference to the stuff to  the stuff that they would produce latter.
B000001AKM|4.0|What if &quot;love, oh love&quot; is schmaltzy. That's just vintage Richie. This is my favorite new track, it got an updated melody, an uplifting beat, I found myself singing it out loud.
B000002UAR|5.0|I my opinion this is the best Beatles album.  The album combines the tones of A Hard Day's Night album with the attitude of the time and the various influences that they were getting into and involved with.  Many songs are  memorible and the emergence of Harrison as a writter is preimminent within  this album.
6304994540|5.0|Yeah, the F-word is uttered about 500 times, the lead character is either drinking or smoking grass all the time, and the core plot was probably written on a couple bar napkins at 2:00 a.m.  But this is a laugh-out-loud  masterpiece, full of both subtle humor and farce/slapstick. To those who  are tired of unfunny Hollywood comedies (does the name &quot;Adam  Sandler&quot; mean anything to you?), this is a breath of fresh air.  Marvelously inventive in its concept and presentation, with dialogue that  almost demands that you watch the movies again.  The fact that I came of  age in the 60s and was a dedicated stoner for a number of years undoubtedly  enhanced my appreciation of this flick. But anyone with a taste for  over-the-top humor and quirky characters will love it. While Jeff Bridges  was quite good, John Goodman's character is the most memorable in recent  memory. BTW, after seeing this movie, you'll never be able to think of the  drink &quot;white russian&quot; without laughing.
B000002UAF|5.0|A Hard Day's Night is the the best of the early Beatles.  It is the first and only album that is completely Lennon/McCartney as the song writers and the first of many Beatle only song writers.  This album is from the film  and various other singles and features four number 1's and at one point in  time the top 4 songs on the charts.  The mix is wonderful and the tone is  perfect.  This album marks the height of Beatlemania and this album is  worthy to be the released album at the time.
B000002J09|5.0|That's what caught Me. It takes awhile for music to sink into me, three, four listening are the almost-absoloute minimum.  Often its more.<br />But I fell in love with The guitar Solo from 'Stairway' the moment I heard it.  I  was driving, and I recall putting the volume up considerably.  Its a  magnificent piece... the only solo I can think of too match is the one in  the Pixies' song, All Over The World. The rest of the album is great, too.   those guys can play!   the lyrics are powerful 'I'm waiting for the angels  of Avalon, waiting for the Eastern glow' ( I think)<br />I keep humming 'makes  me wonder'
B000002UAU|5.0|This Album is the great.  One of the greatest albums in the English speaking world and possibly the greatest Beatles ablum.  Each song on this album is a classic and the album is wonderfully mixed.  A wide range of  influnces can be heard on the album and that makes it so great.  The bottom  line about this album is that it is catchey and has the ability to catpure  the full range of emotions that we have.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Listen, I have to admit that Dude Ranch was a little better than this, but this cd is one of the best compilations of songs i have ever heard. It is awesome and if u like pop, punk, rock, or just like trying out cd's this is  definitely a must have. Buy it!
B000002UAI|3.0|Three songs on this album makes it desireable, but it is the Beatles.  The covers are getting a little old and is a step backwords after writing all their stuff on A Hard Day's Night.  A massive step backward from the  previous, but fairly stright forward for an early Beatles album -- Good and  not Great
B000031WD9|3.0|I don't get it. Why are Americans so nervous when it comes to sex. There's even a rated and unrated version of this movie. There was some nudity visible, but that's about it. Maybe this explains why the movie wasn't a  big hit in europe. Anyway if you're a european and you had a normal  teenage/highschool period, this movie isn't a lot of fun.
B000002UDB|5.0|This album incorprates the singles of 67 and the songs from the film.  It has a great mix and the quality of the music is among the best in the Beatles.
0316920045|1.0|I was half way through this publicity stunt before realizing the joke was on me and any other fool who purchased this &quot;novelity.&quot; It should have been titled &quot;Private Joke,&quot; because only the author and his  therapist know what the hell the point of this book is.
B000002UAC|3.0|Good first impression on the US market, but not as good as A Hard Day's Night.  All my Loving is enough to buy this album though.  It has I Wanna Be Your Man which made the Rolling Stones.
0375405208|3.0|The first Follett book I read was The Pillars of the Earth, probably seven or eight years ago. I don't really remember too much of that book, but for years, the sentiment has been with me that it is the best book I have ever  read.  Now, after a long hiatus from Follett, I came back to The Hammer of  Eden. It's not a bad book -- and I think a lot of the reviews here are  overly critical -- but I just don't have the same awestruck feeling  following this book that I did after Pillars. It should be said that  Follett at his worst is better than most authors at his best. This really  is a decent book to read, and is quite entertaining -- but it must be  disappointing for readers already used to Follett's other majestic works.  So, I guess if you haven't read anything else by KF, go ahead and read  this; you'll like it. But the Follett connisseurs out there who have been  spoiled by his astounding works like Pillars may be disappointed.
B000002UB6|4.0|The last album by the Beatles is not their best, not is it their worst.  It falls in the middle and it is a good investment for some of the great songs that are on it.  An intresting mix of tension with the music and it  is obvious with in the music of this album.
630575067X|2.0|I, like many others waited long and hard for Star Wars 1 to come out.  I was extremely disappointed. In the first trilogy released, while there were three movies that were separate movies but tied together, Star Wars 1 just  seemed like the first installment in a miniseries.<br />The inclusion of  Jar-Jar Binks as a main character was, at best, a travesty.  He has neither  the warmth of R2D2 or the bumbling antics of C3P0.<br />I can only conclude  that, should George Lucas insist upon making the rest of the trilogy in  this vein, he'll lose more and more fans.  And should he continue to make  the last trilogy in the line, there'll be no one left to watch.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album is fantasic.  George Harrison proves he is an excellent song writer with WHile My Guitar Gently Weeps.  Ringo, John and Paul are also stellar in this album.  Some of the Beratles catchiest tunes are from  this Album like Rocky Racoon and Dear Prudence.  This double album gives us  a good birthday song and can be dedicated to many fine woman in our lives:  Purdence, Martha, Saidie and Julia among others.  There are some grrat song  titles and some not so great.  The bottom line is that this album is great.   It has a good flow and excellent mix.
0380002930|5.0|I studied this book &quot;Watership Down&quot; in my 8th grade English class back in 1984 and still have the book today.  I even read the sequel a couple of years ago and it is very entertaining just like the original.   Talking bunnies may sound crazy, but once you pick up this book, you will  definately change your thoughts and be entertained!
B000035Z3K|3.0|I think that 'Dracula' is a little bit slow-moving, and it isn't scary at all. I prefer the Spanish version.
8429434852|4.0|&quot;El desorden de tu nombre&quot; is a good read, thought provoking, good comentary on the state of the contemporary mind, and universal.  If you are a North American and you think that only the French and the English speaking have neurotic mindsets and affinities for worrying themselves to a  frazzle over who we 'are', then this novela will be a surprise.  It's the  first contemporary Spanish novel I've read and I'll be reading more from  this series.  It's good intermediate to advanced Spanish reading; so much  better than reading Spanish translations of American novels.
0767824571|5.0|I think that 'Monty Python and the Holy Grail' is one of the funniest movies ever. I've seen it lots of times, both at the movies and at home on DVD, and I love it every single time. I laugh just thinking about it.
0679746048|3.0|I couldn't wait to get into the inner workings and life happenings of the characters in this book. However, before that happened... the book ended. I loved the photocopies of admission papers and how the author enlightens us  on just how easy it is to be committed. I just wish there was more to this  book. Huge typeface with very little actually happening... Story,  Interrupted.
0684857219|3.0|This contains a variety of bodyparts exercise  and clearly states the uses of each exercise and weaking point training of each bodypat. This informtion is quite comprehnsive and outstanding.  But I think that some  types of exercises have been  outdated which is easy to cause injury. In  addition ,the exercise program advised in the book is too strenous in which  muscles is trained too many sets and too frequent.In fact, many latest  researches show that training muscle 2 or even 1 times for advanced  bodybuilding is most effective because will grow only durning the  compensation period.Training without enough recovery will lead minimum  growth of muscle.Training the same muscle too many sets can give rise to  break down of muscle protein.The book is poorly organised and the  information of the books is not based on scientific researches
B00000DMJF|1.0|This albums is just bad. Beatles fans may think it's inventive but it's really nothing more then a copy of the music that was coming out at the time. The only listenable songs are poppy sap like the rest of their hits.  The rest are bad immitations of Dylan's lyrics and the sound of The Rolling  Stones. The Backstreet Boys of the 60's.
6305750750|5.0|For those of you that though that this movie was &quot;A failure... Not as good as the first three... or was just plain a bad movie with a lousy plot&quot; I just have a few words for you, YOU HAVE NO IMAGINATION this  was in fact what it was a PREQUEL not the a similar movie or a remake to  the Orignal.  George made an excellent movie setting up what is sure to be  the best installment of the franchise.  This film is justing setup the  ground work for the rest (and this is what most people that don't like it   don't understand, it even sets up the orginal trilogy). Remember Star Wars  was a story that stated in the middle. And we are FINALY experiancing the  begining...
B000021Y74|2.0|Actually this isn't really even a movie, it's a really long music video.  Maybe it's an advertisement, I don't know.  All I can say is that a good movie requires a few things first and foremost:  an engaging story and some  interesting characters.  This film lacks both.  The director is a trickster  of sorts who depends on neat stylized filming techniques and devices that  attempt to cover up the fact that nothing's really happening plot-wise.   Sorry, but the &quot;alternate-scenario&quot; theme just didn't work.  At  the end of the movie your left wondering why you bothered to even watch the  first two thirds.  Maybe I missed the point.  Is there a point?  Somebody  please enlighten me.
B000009ED0|1.0|What kind of CD is this!  Does he think hes cool?  0 songs good!  ertarfi.  Im making no sense like kid rock.  Some role model he is.  Ignore the 1 star, he deserves 0.  GOOOOOOOOOO LIT.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I love Creed's music, and I loved their first CD too... When this CD came out I bought it right away and I love it!  I don't quite think it is better than their first CD (I think they are both excellent)... Definately worth  buying!
6305499365|4.0|I've just started studying an MBA in the U.S.(I am going through my second semester), and I saw this film a couple of weeks ago. The first ten minutes did not tell me anything good, since it seemed one of those low budget, &quot;C&quot; type, uninteresting comedies that invite you to switch channel. <br />I am glad I didn't, because we eventually had a lot of fun with the dialogs and situations, a long discussion after the film was finished, and I saw lots of things that have to do with my management courses... <br />Very recommendable, either to de-stress, or to realize that THAT (all the bad karma and nonsense by people who just want to control you and your life) is what you want to avoid, by all means. On the job, or in everyday life...
B000006045|5.0|I suppose I am a bit of a heretic, but this disc is my favorite of Massive Attack...<br />Strangely enough, the first time I listened to it, it didn't do much for me.  Not much really stuck out other than Elizabeth Frasier's  always haunting vocals.  <br />Then I gave it a spin &quot;properly&quot;, in  the wee hours, cruising the streets and freeways of my city  --  its dark,  bass-rich atmospherics lodged deep in some nether-region of my mind and  haven't left in the year and a half since.  <br />Truly haunting!
6305750750|1.0|Okay, so maybe killed is a bit to harsh, but then again, you have to pay me to see the next one. I mean, pay me alot. First off and formost, I felt that this filmed used computor animation as an excuse so people will look  over the bad side of things. Apparently the script was so bad that it  seemed like Jar Jar was added in so people would be more concern about the  how annoying he was than how bad the film was. George apparently forgot how  old most Star Wars fans were, the first film came out in 77, that means  like late 20's mid 30's. Even for a 12-13 year old, it seems more like a  film for kids who still watch Barney. Then lets look at all the problems  between the first film and this film. This film would've been so much  better if it at least stay true to its sequal. Problem between 1 and 4 #1:  HOW COULD ANIKAN BUILD C3P0 IF THEIR WERE OTHER TYPES OF THE C3 robots. #2:  IF THE FORCE IS EVERYWHERE HOW CAN THEY MEASURE IT. What can I say, how  many films are there that seems like the living things on the set were  filler. To complete the headline, Lucas, don't think you are all that  great, you killed your own series, and now, all we have is 2 hours of  wasted time. Why don't you go back to making films that work with the  original, heck, let's burn this thing. Make a new one, one that is not so  kiddy. In the end, Lucas forgot that it's not only kids going to the  movies, it's everyone. Perhaps people could forgive Jar JAr, if this film  was any good, but instead, you get a film that's like Tresspasser {a  computor game}. They both look beautiful, but all you get is an empty  experiance. Well Georgey boy, you killed one of the greats.
B00000K0EA|2.0|&quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot;, the second 007 flick to star Pierce Brosnan, is one of the most action-packed Bond films, but is also one of the weakest. It would appear that the producers confused James Bond with  Die Hard, as the film appears to concentrate solely on action sequences at  the expense of good old Bond classicism.<br />As for the plot, it is just a  remake of &quot;The Spy Who Loved Me&quot; with an attempt by a  megalomaniac to inaugerate a nuclear war (this time between the UK and  China) and the plot device about a top secret encoder is lifted directly  from that film (where it is a submarine tracking system). Michelle Yeoh  also appears to be a Chinese Triple X (but less pretty, obviously). For  this reason, TND lacks originality.<br />But even worse is the fact that  there's too much brutality. Rather than the normal dose of casual violence,  we're treated to the appalling sight of the protagonists literally whacking  each others' teeth out. More Die Hard reverence comes in the form of  Carver's henchman Mr. Stamper, who first guns down a flock of stranded  British sailors murderously, and then, at the film's climax, attempts to  smash Bond in a scene that makes me retch....(especially the line &quot;I  owe you an unpleasant death, Mr. Bond).....<br />There is some saving grace in  the villain, Eliot Carver, a Randolph Hearst-type media mogul who plans to  spark a nuclear disaster that would see him benefit from the media  coverage. Michelle Yeoh is a Bond girl that can deliver some, but her fight  scenes are rather overblown and are not for Bond girls. Other high points  include Vincent Schiavelli's performance as assassin extraordinaire Dr.  Kaufmann, Sheryl Crow's title song, and there is plenty of entertainment.  Pierce Brosnan pulls it off with flair. So in summary, TND works as an  action film, but not as a Bond film. If you're looking for a good Bond  film, watch Goldfinger or The Spy Who Loved Me as this is one of the weaker  007 efforts.
B000009O8A|2.0|I saw this film on it first release in the UK at the age of 25, shocked at the time yes. On seeing this again so many years later, the base degradation is still there the amature direction and production is still  there, but the impact is not, how the world progresses!   The sound and  vision quality on DVD is on a par with VHS not bettering but equalling. The  content although has the same macho / sadistic impact that denies women the  right to say no, until you tip the scales.  The final comment, women are  the equal partners of men, but misuse or abuse and, well ?  watch the end  of this. but if you abuse you deserve.
B00000J2L7|5.0|I originally didn't want to see this film(I am 14 and it is black and white, you know how it is)but my parents made me.  Before it was over I was asking my parents if we could go out an buy it the next day.  My favorite  part is when Gen. Buck Turgison(George C. Scott)tells the president(Peter  Sellers) that US bombers are going to attack their targets inside of  Russia.  Scott's facial expressions in this scene alone make this movie one  to see over and over again.  This is a film for all ages(although a few  parts might go over a youngster's head), and I can't recomend it enough.
B00000IMCW|4.0|Picture is just great, sound is good. What I dont unstand, is the fact that theres now more of the scene with the false Policemen. But they appear suddenly, and nobody knows where they came from. Despite that its  still a good and scary deal!
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've always been a music fanatic, but I never knew what quality jazz music was until I listened to this album.  I first heard about 30 seconds of her on the West 57th Street program, and bought this album the very same night.   I've worn it out because I love it so much.  I'm also going to see her in  concert next month!
0783113943|4.0|I'm the same age as Gia, and consequently remember many of the covers she appeared on. In fact, my college roommate had one stapled to the wall above his desk. This movie was greatly disturbing to me because while viewing it,  I kept wanting to reach out and help her. Angelina Jolie was utterly  convincing in every facet of the film. Few films leave me wanting to know  more, but this one certainly did. I hesitate to call this a great film, but  if films are made to stir emotion, and introspection then it is certainly  worth viewing.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is one of the great movies of the decade. Destined to become a classic. All the performances are flawless, it has some funny moments but the powerful ending will disturb and move you. Outstanding direction by Sam  Mendes, beautiful cinematography and one of the best scripts of recent  years combine to make this a powerful and rewarding experience. The scenes  with Kevin Spacey and Mena Suvari are gems. Kevin Spacey and Anette  Bening's performances are flawless and oscar-worthy, so is Sam Mendes  Direction. I was surprised at the young actors too, Mena Suvari gives a  surprisingly good performance and so do Thora Birch and Wes Bentley. See  this movie!  From a scale of 1-10 I give it a 10!
0140177396|1.0|I thought this book was pretty dumb. It had no point. It is a wase of money. It is vulger. I don't like it.
6305176299|4.0|This is really good, as far as action movies go. Great characters, great pace, great sound, nice action-sequences and special effects. This is one of the best action movies of recent times, it really satisfies if you're  looking for a non-stop adrenaline rush. If you like Keanu Reeves I  recommend 'The Matrix', if you like Dennis Hopper I recommend 'Blue  Velvet', and if you liked 'Speed' also see 'Die Hard'. From a scale of 1-10  I give it a 7!
6304698526|5.0|This film is a classic and should be bought.It is my favouritefilm of all time.
0784011605|5.0|This is simply the best movie I have ever seen. Special thanks to the man who made this movie absolutely astonishing, Michael Nyman. This movie contains the very best love scene and single scene, possibly best ending as  well in the world.
0684874350|5.0|After reading this biography, I have to worn others that it will surely reach your heart and soul.  It will make you laugh while your brushing away the tears in your eyes.  While reading, I was reminded of other books of  such testament of will of the human spirit, such as &quot;City of  Joy&quot;, &quot;A boy called it&quot; and its sequels, &quot;The Lost  Boy&quot; and &quot;A Man Named Dave&quot; and even the fiction, &quot;Gap  Creek&quot;.  They are beautiful stories, not because of their content, but  because of the will and determination of the subjects to take the worst  life has to offer and triumph.  &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is written so  beautifully that I can certainly understand why it received the Pulitzer.   I have just ordered &quot;Tis&quot;; I have to know what happened to  Frank(ie) after he landed in America.  I have no preconceived ideas how  this book will compare to &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; since it is a  continuation of a life, and one in America as compared to a childhood in  Ireland.  I am the cheering section for this entire family, especially  Frank.  Of course, we know Frank went on to write (with that good fist) a  Pulitzer prize winning autobiography! but how he arrived at that success is  a &quot;must read&quot; for me.  Thank you, Mr. McCourt, for sharing your  story.  You've certainly enriched my life on many levels.
B000002KO3|5.0|If there ever was a Talking Heads album that belongs in every self-respecting collection... this is the one. The funk side makes Al Green seem like a toddler with a sense of rhythm - the sweat just pours from the  speakers. The 'other side' (I know this one still from that old vinyl) is  completely different in sound and style, with Once in a Lifetime as a kind  of transitional track, smack dab in the middle. This album is still as  fresh now as it was twenty years ago. Age does not always wither what is  good and right.
B00000425L|5.0|I concur with Mr. Davey. The excellent performance of these Rachmaninov pieces is enough to consider Mr. Ashkenazy one of the most important living pianists. To the risk of being hieratic,  Mr. Azkkenazy's perfomance of the  Sonata No. 2 is more passionate, moving and deep than Horowitz's. There is  no doubt to it. My heart accelerates and my head is about to explode every  time that I hear this piece.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Lots of people are saying this film is blasphemous and anti-religious, and that it pokes fun at God.  Do you know WHO says that?  The people who have NEVER seen it and only think it does that because the 700 Club told them  so.  In reality, this film is very well researched and even though it has  some wild parts as far as religion goes, you'll know when it's just a joke.   And when he's being serious about religion, you're sitting there thinking  &quot;yeah, he's right&quot;!  It's meant to be fun and intellegent.  This  is not a Jim Carrey &quot;slap myself in the face 20 times to get a  laugh&quot; kinda flick.  It's smart, intellegent and funny.  But I'll be  the first to say, if you can't laugh (even just a little) at  religion...then don't waist your time (and for that I pity you).
0671042858|2.0|This is another example of Stephen King writing well but not writing his genre. The writing is first rate and the characters are good but the story was certainly not up to snuff.  So I say again, PLEASE STEPHEN KING GO  BACK TO WRITING HORROR!
B000002HIK|5.0|I Care Because you do is one of Aphex Twin, Richard D. James', best CDs I've ever heard.  It is obvious that he puts his all in to everything he does but this one hits the spot.  If you were to buy any Aphex Twin CD  other than singles or EPs this is DEFINATELY the one.
0380789019|5.0|This book was wonderful.  It had great characters and wonderful description.  It was truly worthy of Neil Gaiman.  I have seen again and again how great this author is and here is just another example.
B000002BE9|4.0|they cool. stay in school. (that's some serious anger one comment back.
0783226063|5.0|Few scifi movies have captured peoples imagination as much as this movie. This isn't of the independence Day variety.  This is the good stuff.  The .44 calibur killer type that when your done you have to watch it again and  still your not sure what you just saw.
B00001ZTE5|5.0|Just like my title said,hands down,the best Blondie album ever. I first heard it 20 years ago and I was hooked,if you don't have it,and you like great music,buy it NOW! You'll be glad you did.
B00000I9MK|5.0|It may be difficult to choose between all 3 Belle &amp; Sebastian albums, and if you don't have to choose, you should definately buy all 3.  if you do have to choose, i recommend tigermilk.  after listening to this album  just once, you will find yourself singing these songs all the time.  the  lyrics are beautiful and some are even comical when listened to closely.   the true genius of belle &amp; sebastain is the way they poke fun at being  musicians and social outcasts while they weave interesting lyrics with  catchy tunes.  What results are truly enjoyable albums.  this cd will never  leave your cd player!
0790730960|4.0|I think this film plays like a miss understood comic book.You have wonderful sets ,great stiff acting but a scrip that could only be about 12 page long.so ,yes the movie does drag out some,but hey,if you are in the  mood for the cape crusader then you could do worst(Batman and Robin mean  something?)
0553266306|4.0|This excellent book deals with the psycology of a kill. We are given an insight into the mind of the otherwise sectretive blond Englishman, the hired assasain of General Charles de Gaulle,and in his obviously disturbed  but brilliant mind we can see how such a person works. A brilliant piece of  writing by Forsyth! The plot is past moving and involved, with the rapidly  crumbling and desperate OAS pinning all their hopes on this Englishman,  while the no less than compelling French detectives stop at nothing to find  him before his bullet finds the President. Between these two factions the  Jackal moves silently, going about his deadly purpose with a singular and  cold manner, chilling the reader with his efficiency and intelligence. A  wonderful book, unputdownable.
0440219078|5.0|I loved this book!  It is about a boy who lives in a &quot;community&quot; where there is no poverty, no pain, no hunger.  Every year there is a ceremony for children who turn different ages.  This year is the last ceremony for Jonas (the &quot;boy&quot;)and a very important one.  It is  the year when Jonas gets a job picked for him.  He gets picked the reciever  of memories. He starts to see colors and learns about hate and war.  I'm  not going to give out the end so read it for yourself.   Note: gifted  children handle this book better than others.
0790729628|5.0|As sci-fi goes, this ain't half-bad; in fact it's great
B000001DTM|5.0|I was astonished that critic Ben Wener of the Orange Country Register somehow left this superb album off of his Top 20 CDs of the 1990s list. What was he thinking?<br />Like a swirling black hole, this album totally  pulled me in, leaving me spinning and falling in a mad, crazy, creepy world  of love gone wrong in countless ways. The lyrics are better than great. The  playing is passionate and flawless. The song, &quot;So Cruel,&quot; the way  it builds and simmers and threatens to fall apart is the best evocation of  aching sexual obsession ever recorded. Then, before you recover, here comes  &quot;The Fly,&quot; and then, if you're not already lost in some vicarious  fever dream, you've got to get through &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot; with  Bono chanting uncertainly, &quot;It's alright, it's alright, it's allll  right, she moves in mysterious ways ...&quot;<br />The album is relentless. It  beckons. It seduces. It assaults. It makes you think. It makes you not want  to think. It sets you free, but leaves you feeling vaguely paranoid. You  keep going back to it, to groove out, to try and unravel it. But the more  you try to unravel it, the deeper it pulls you in, much like the city of  Berlin that it was recorded in, much, alas, like dark, forbidden love  itself; the kind that always breaks your heart, the kind that keeps you  awake at night years after that last kiss.<br />I gotta' go listen right this  minute!
0780624890|5.0|Snipes Rocks! Killer moves - no nonsense, just get in there and hack, slash and eviscerate!<br />Great for tension relief, and a whole lot of fun!
6305627401|5.0|Quite Possibly the funniest movie of 1999. Always viewable, will stay in your head long after viewing
6304083769|4.0|An interesting storyline -may be a bit overhyped by the ad campaign leading up to its release.<br />Still worth watching, and, IF you choose to add it to your collection, go on ahead.
0345350499|4.0|First of all, this is an excellent fantasy novel about the Arthurian legends.  Every time I've read it, it left my imagination whirling for days.  Mists of Avalon has a wonderfully unique perspective from Morgan Le  Fay's point of view as well as a cool spin on the whole spread of  Christianity during the time period. The only thing that disturbs me is  that the book is so good at blurring fact and fiction, that people tend to  forget that at the heart of it all is a fantasy novel.  There is actually  very little fact about Celtic history or religion in the book.  It would  surprise some fans of this book to learn that the Celts were probably more  warlike than the Romans, as tolerant of women as the Saurcens, and no more  nature respecting than any other tribe of people in the world at that time.   Marian is writing good FANTASY here people.  Writers like Morgan Llywelyn  do a better job at getting the facts strait about the Celtic people.  So  before running off to go paint blue crescent moons out your foreheads after  reading this book, do some research :)
0590353403|5.0|I have read over a hundred reviews of H.P (Harry Potter). And most of them say you have to read it!  I would have to say that I surely agree, every one knows that you have to read it.  It is not just about reading it that  counts, what counts is going into the wonderful details that are there.  Over the times that I have read H.P, I really enjoyed the admirable  descriptions and emotional events.
B00002MZ12|4.0|Alanis Morissette's Unplugged album is an incredible look into her musical maturity.  She is an extraordinary artist who has tapped into a unique musical outlet that has captured the hearts of millions of listeners, and  this album exemplifies this.  The normal songs we all know have taken on a  new, deeper character that gives another meaning.  &quot;I was Hoping&quot;  is a haunting song delivered with force and conviction.  &quot;That I would  be Good&quot; is an anthem of sorts that speaks to every human.  The  popular, &quot;You oughta know&quot; has taken an acoustic shape, but by no  means is anyless potent.  And who could forget, &quot;Uninvited&quot;?   This song is another canvas which Morissette fills with her voice, offering  chilling tones.  What can I say?  It's an incredible album.  If you like  her other albums (the angst and the soulful) this is another direction of  her music, guarenteed to please.
B000003TA4|5.0|Some people say that this album is over-rated.  Well, whatever you do, don't listen to them, because they couldn't be more wrong.  This is such an amazing album.  Obviously my favourite song is the infamous &quot;Smells  Like Teen Spirit&quot;, but that doesn't mean that the rest of the songs  pale in comparison.  Not at all.  I love every song on this album, so take  my advice:  buy this album!
B00000J7JO|4.0|ilike ilike ilike alot bob marle
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd truly is a masterpiece. It contains the influential scar tissue and around the world but also has some of the old style chilli's in songs like californication and i like dirt. For any true and not so true fan of  the band this is a must have cd. They are lyrical genius' and they combine  that with some great slapping techniques on the bass. Buy this cd.
B000002J2D|5.0|After reading these reviews, I've noticed that you either love this album or you hate it.  I love it; I also don't understand how anyone can hate any of these songs (well, a few aren't all that great).  Anyway, the main  reason this album is great is because, even though it's more commercial  than anything they had done before, it maintains Tony Banks's trademark  synthesizer works.  There was more here than any other previous album  because, since Hackett just left, the group didn't want to rely heavily on  Rutherford's lead guitar.  Mike does have a pretty cool solo in  &quot;Burning Rope&quot;; any Hackett fan has to admit that.  It sounded  like the group did this album in a cave or something because Collins's  vocals, Banks's synthesizer, and Rutherford's guitars all seemed to be  echoed; it's an awesome sound, and it's the reason this album is in the top  5 of anything they've ever done.  I'd only put Gabriel's last two albums  and Collins's first two albums ahead of this one.  If you don't have it  yet, get it; you'll love it!
B000002BE9|5.0|Anyone who doesn't like this album is probably jealous of her success, or maybe a fan of the Backstreet Boys.  This is real music and Fiona is no sell-out.  I can't believe how powerful her voice is coming from such a  small frame.  All I can say is &quot;I'm a Shadowboxer Baby!&quot;
B00003CWXW|5.0|This cd is in my opinion the best Rage cd yet.  Every song on this cd work together well and make it one of the greatest cds of the 90s.  The extra song is No Shelter, which is a great song, but I don't know if it's worth  10 more bucks.
0767811038|1.0|The acting was just terrible! They completely destroyed the book. One thing I think stinks about the movie is the fact that the weaponry looks like world war II stuff. Is this movie supposed to be about the future?
0790742780|3.0|I enjoyed this film because it is so often the way I feel living in Switzerland. Switzerland is so beaurocratic with the most silly laws, you just cant' help feeling like Douglas. To the film ... on the one hand he is  the bad guy because of the way he goes about things; on the other hand he  never asked to be rubbed up the wrong way. In each case, he is correct is  what he believes in. What is wrong when he accidentaly sits down for a rest  on that gangland's piece of turf ? All he is trying to do is get home after  a hard day at the office. His love for his child also wins sympathy.  I  good film, but nothing more than that.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album has struck me in more ways than I can recount here. While the Pumpkins are not my favorite band, they certainly pulled a big one here with Mellon Collie. I've owned the album for 3 1/2 years and never tire of  it's incredible sound. There is not one bad song on this album. My favorite  band is Led Zeppelin, but their hits are scattered. All of the pumpkins'  albums have been incredible and i think this is the only way they beat out  zeppelin in my mind. This album Ranks among such greats as Zeppelin's  &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot;, Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; and Green  Day's &quot;Dookie&quot; as far as listenability is concerned. If you own  one CD your entire life, this ought to be it. In fact I know a guy who owns  One CD, and thank god for him he picked this one. '60's: the Rolling  Stones, '70's: Led Zeppelin, '80's: ok we won't go there, '90's: THE  SMASHING PUMPKINS
B000000OF6|5.0|This set still remains to be the best greatest hits compilation of all time.In this set you will find the songs which have changed the history of rock n roll and has influenced many rock bands.The sound quality is  excellent and I belive this set is a must-get for everyone...
B000023VR6|4.0|This album puts together the tried and tested winning formula which made Dre's first album a classic. Dope beats, funky samples and rhymes that capture you and dont let you go. However dont be fooled into thinking this  is an update of the 1992 classic, its not. Its not as gangsta as I would  have liked it to be and it does not have the same attitude the first album  had. Another thing is that Dre and Snoop don't shine enough. He leaves it  to Hittman and Kurupt who are good but dont live up to the original duet of  Snoop and Dre. Chronic 2001 is a phat album but doesnt deliver the punch of  the first.
0688002307|5.0|I read this book every now and then since I was 17.  Every time I find new meanings, angles and metaphores.  This book is different every time because you are different every time.      I like the way it juggles three or four  storylines at the same time weaving them perfectly.<br />  You need to be in  the right state of mind to read it, if not, it´s just confusing and just  plain difficult.      I highly recommend it to anyone with an open mind  ready to look at things in different light.<br />  It perfectly brings the  modern way of thought about science and art into perspective.  It transmits  the simplicity of beauty and the role quality plays in every decision we  make.<br />  Definetly a must.
0804106304|4.0|I think that this book was wonderful.  It gave me an idea of the different lifestyles that are lived and the things that every ethnic race has to endure.  I believe that every student should be given the opportunity to  broaden their horizons by learning about other cultures.  I also believe  that Amy Tan did a wonderful job portraying the lives of women and their  children.  Only because it gave a description of four different lives and  their problems and solutions to the world around them.
B0000025BL|5.0|I will always remember the first time I heard BAT OUT OF HELL.The album is like a cinematic sequence,a kingdom of theatre/rock music,that will without a doubt live forever.Jim Stienman the man behind the songs comes up with a  fresh new look in the music industry,writing the ultimate car crash  song(Bat Out Of Hell) the ultimate car sex song(Paradise By The Dashboard  Light)and using almost every cliche known to man created the best album  ever,with the motorcycle guitar of Todd Rundgren,the willing but confused  Ellen Foley and the singing of Meat Loaf that was able to bring the  violent,passionate,rebellious and heroic songs of Steinman to life. Meat  Loaf and BAT OUT OF HELL will be remembered forever and is a definate album  for the album collection. If you havent got it your missing out on a piece  of history that sold more CD's than any Beatles or Elvis album.
6300215717|5.0|I have to admit. This movie did make me cry for at least 20 minutes after it was over. I kept sobbing into the pillow saying, &quot;Why?&quot; But that's how much the movie affected me. Audrey Hepburn's auru of charm and  girlish enthusiasm bubbles through this movie, making it one of my favorite  movies with her in it, other than 'Breakfast at Tiffany's'. This is a  &quot;must-see&quot;.
B00003CXCT|5.0|When I was younger, I loved this movie.  The special effects were good for 1977.  The movie won 6 oscars, and lost Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Origional Screenplay to Annie Hall.  Nice to watch.
B00000JYGX|5.0|I just saw this show in Quebec province a few weeks ago, but I've been hearing the music since the original company debuted in Paris. The players are amazing. The songs touch my heartstrings. The characters are so  well-developed, by the end of the show everyone was crying and singing  along. Bravo Luc Plamondon and Richard Cocciante!
0440180295|5.0|I read this book four years ago, so this is what remains of it as a shadow of my original impression. Sure, it's a very strong anti-war story, but what else is it? Prerequisite is Palm Sunday, where Vonnegut explains the  origin of his interest in Germany and Germans. Billy Pilgrim is a symbol  for all of us are aware and insecure enough to feel disconnected because we  have no roots (our connection to old pre-immigration culture has vanished).  If you find this book hard to read then maybe you have no such trouble to  be American today: you're not 'unstuck' because you fit. People who feel  unstuck from modern consumerism and all its idiocy might say that they feel  like they're from some place else, like 'outer space'. Anyway, following  the Holocaust and also the far less important but still very sorrowful  allied destruction of medieval architecture in Germany, the ending of the  book in Dresden is believable-the old Wirt worrying that people need food,  drink, and shelter and offering it. Sister book/complement to Schlacthof  Funf is Mother Night, where maybe Vonnegut imagines himself on the other  side-? I was in A-burg when the opera played Schlacthof Funf in Munich and  didn't bother to go. I had read that Vonnegut didn't go because they  invited him AFTER constructing and planning the opera, but not before.
B00003CXA4|5.0|This movie was vibrant; full of all the emotions that people all over the world have felt as a result of the big-headedness of the British and their deteriorated crown.  I don't condemn the British, that would surely be  immature.  But their history (or lack thereof) is another story.  Jai Hind.
0553573403|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read!  I have read things like The DragonLance chronicals (all four of them) All of the Drizzt Do'Urden books by R.A. Salvator and all of David Eddings books and I find this set of  books the best so far!
6305176299|5.0|I love Keanu, and in this movie he's the man you want to have in your life.
B0000214F0|3.0|Everyone knows that this film is controversial, erotic, hard-core, disgusting, stimulating, and so on. But it is also pretty funny! For example, whenever Guccione wants to leave his mark on the on-screen  procedings, the musical score is an orchestral version of Sinatra's  &quot;My Way&quot;! <br />I think it was thoughful of the filmmakers to use  Penthouse Pets as actresses. <br />The &quot;Making of...&quot; featurette is  worth the price of the whole movie! Guccione's monologues look like they  were recorded in his house which looks like it was decorated by someone  with more money than brains... or taste. But it is perfectly fitting with  his unbuttoned shirt, gold chains, disco look! This is a hilarious snapshot  of the absolute worst of the 70's! Then there is his &quot;I am sooooo  studly&quot; look as he tries hard to use big words and appear intelligent.  He DID do it his way! He da man!   ...I guess...<br />But if you're looking  for artistic content or historical accuracy, you best look elsewhere.
0440234743|1.0|I gave up on Grisham after reading The Firm, The Pelican Brief. The Client and The Rainmaker.  I kept trying to discover what all the fuss was about and decided to give it one more chance.  After reading The Testament,  however, I am more disappointed than ever.  I was able to finish this book  only by skipping through the last half very quickly.  I was unable to  determine whether this story ws intended to be a travelogue, a spiritual  tale, a legal &quot;thriller&quot;, or a human character study; perhaps  it's all four rolled into one, and in only 400 or so pages.<br />I, too,like  many other reviewers, liked the beginning of the story with the will and  death of Troy Phelan.  However, once the story proceeds to the Amazon it  bogs down terribly.  The ongoing &quot;soap opera&quot; of the Phelan  family seems right out of daytime TV.  A family this dysfunctional could  only exist in that environment.  The ending is anti-climactic and not very  original.  I don't understand the point of the story.<br />Never again will I  waste my time on a Grisham title.
0140282033|5.0|I found Chocolat to be a magical little journey and couldn't put it down.  The story of Vianne Rocher is a modern day fairy tale about how certain people pass through our lives and transform our world.  I found Joanne  Harris's writing detailed and penetrating, portraying a small village  existance reflective of struggles everywhere.  What I liked best about the  book is that it is without any modern day cynicism or sarcasm, and is not  meant to be seen as overly pragmatic and ultra realistic.  Its the magic  and illusion that makes the novel so great.  For readers who complain it is  not real enough of a French Village, they have completely missed the point,  they should be reading a Fodor's travel guide instead.  The great thing  about the book is that it could take place in any small village.  All in  all, a brilliant piece of writing!
630428540X|4.0|Travolta is everywhere, and he just keeps getting better and better. Here, as a man transformed by fate, he gives one of his most subtle and electrifying performances ever. <br />One evening, at a party to celebrate his  37th birthday, George stumbles outside, mug o' beer in hand, and is bowled  over by a strange light in the sky. Is it a U.F.O. or is this country  bumpkin seeing things? George's (and the whole town's) true astonishment  comes when he discovers that now he's able to break secret government  codes, predict earthquakes, and read four or five books a day. And in his  free time he's designing cars that run on fertilizer. Now that's what I  call getting the most out of your education.<br />Eventually the yokels turn  against and reject what they can't understand. George becomes an oddity,  some even believe a prophet. He's rounded up the feds, studied like a lab  rat, and then left to deal with the consequences of his miraculous  metamorphosis.<br />Phenomenon attacks its subject in an unpreachy,  down-to-earth way that makes believability a given. Always engaging and  life-affirming, it forgoes most of the mumbo-jumbo these kinds of tales  often ply us with and takes on a simple, unassuming, and utterly affecting  tone. And that's no hocus pocus.
B000000WA4|5.0|Amazing is all i have to say about Mellon Collie. Billy Corgan is the &quot;John Lennon&quot; of or generation and it shows on this double disc. Every song is great from the hard rock almost metal &quot;Tales of a  Scorched Earth&quot; to the soft ballad &quot;Lily&quot;. In almost all the  songs it seems like Billy knows what your going threw or what you have gone  threw and is very comforting. The album also shows Billy's interest in  techno/rock as you can see on &quot;1979&quot; and &quot;love&quot; which  he will later use on &quot;Adore&quot;. Another great thing about it is how  great the piano is, seeing that Billy had only been playing for about a  year when he wrote the parts. <br />Well that's all I have to say about the  greatest band in the world and one of the greatest albums.
B000002ACR|5.0|The Byrds are in my opinion America's greatest band of the 60's and &quot;Younger than Yesterdy&quot; is their best album. 10 of the 11 songs here are amazing and five(&quot;So you want to be a Rock and Roll  Star&quot;, &quot;Renaissance Fair&quot;,&quot;Thoughts and  Words&quot;,&quot;My Back Pages&quot; and 'Why&quot;) are 60's classics.  Gary Usher's production is perfect.  Columbia's 20-bit remastering is  better than the original vinyl and I own this album in perfect mono etc.   This new edition adds David Crosby's terrific &quot;Lady Friend&quot; which  never appeared on an original Byrds album.<br />One day VH-1 will list the  Byrds higher than 95 out of 100 on their list of the top performers in  history and The Rolling Stone Record guide might even mention Gene Clark's  name (he is not on &quot;Younger Than Yesterday&quot; but is remarkable on  &quot;Turn, Turn, Turn&quot; the second best Byrds album) In the meantime  if you do not own this CD and you like 60's rock you will be very happy to  add this album to your collection.
B00003CX95|5.0|There are enough reviews about the content and quality of this film, so I'll share my personal experience only.  Braveheart completely enveloped and consumed me.  In my humble opinion, there is no piece of literature,  film, art, or music that matches its profound demonstration of the human  experience: honor, fear, heroism, love, betrayal, friendship, justice and  injustice, villainy, humor, sadness, brutality and cruelty, vengeance,  loyalty, perversity, adversity, conflict, leadership, valiance.  <br />I fell  so hard for the movie and William Wallace in particular that the final  Wallace scene destroyed me emotionally for a few days.  It was  similar to  the effect of Nicholson's character in Cuckoo's Nest or Newman's in Cool  Hand Luke, only to a much larger degree.  To some extent we all live  vicariously through movies, but Braveheart had me roaming Scottish hills  and valleys like none other possibly could.
B000000OUJ|4.0|Liquid swords is by far the heaviest and most creative Wutang project to this date, maybe rivaled by Only bilt 4 cuban linx. Da gizzuh may not yell all hyped with fury like raekwon or ghostface killa, but he is lyricall  more menancing and it shows with his lyrical sharpness on liquid swords  laced over eerie twisted prodution by the RZA. Result: the most ground  breaking Wu-tang project.
6304504012|4.0|In Evita, Madonna pulls off what few stars with her notoriety can: she almost makes us forget who she really is. Evita opens gorgeous and glowing. And guess what? Madonna has to carry the picture. Can she act? Well, she  can sing and act at the same time, and that's good enough for me.    What keeps this salsa-tinged soap-opera afloat is an ingenious device that  comes in the form of Che (Antonio Banderas), a South American everyman:  he's a waiter; he's a reporter; he's a revolutionary. He provides the story  with a conscience. And let me tell you, this story needs one. Eva and Juan  Peron (Jonathan Pryce), you see, captivated a country desperate for  stability in the late forties. Argentina under their leadership was, in the  end, arguably better off but definitely better looking. <br />That attention  to style also seems to be the aim of director Alan Parker. His eye for the  visually operatic is flawless here. Whether she is handing out ill-gotten  money to the poor, or standing on a balcony tearfully protesting her  worthiness, Evita (and Madonna for that matter) is one of the best at  stroking and stoking the emotions of her people. Parker presents this  seduction marvelously. Overall, Evita casts a charming spell, but the core  of Evita the woman remains a mystery. Maybe it's better that way.
B00000J7S8|1.0|Diana Krall has no chops!  I know this is harsh, but come on.  In the old days they used to record these songs using people who could sing.  Diana Krall doesn't sustain a line and has no dynamic range.   In fact, she  sounds like she's struggling somtimes -- it's painful to listen to.   Obviously talent is a disadvantage when it comes to Grammy contests, record  sales, etc.  I guess people don't want to listen to those who really have a  gift for singing.  Perhaps it makes people feel bad if they have less  talent than a performer, so instead they choose to listen to  ordinary-at-best perfomers like Diana Krall.
0553274503|5.0|I had to read this book for class in high school, but now (college and graduate school later) I still enjoy it.  It's one of my favorite books.  Beautifully written, and the TV movie on CBS last night did not begin to do  it justice.  Trust me, this will be one of your better &quot;darn I have to  do it for school&quot; books.
B0000033WC|5.0|One of the Velvet Underground's best. Songs like Sweet Jane, New Age, and Rock and Roll are among VUs best. This album is a MUST HAVE!
B000000OF6|5.0|Where do I start?  It's hard to say what I loved most about this CD.  I definitely love Freddie Mercury's voice.  Who doesn't?  I think he was a brilliant songwriter.  His voice is so electric, and Brian May's guitar is  awesome! I especially love the songs &quot;We Are the Champions,&quot;  &quot;Killer Queen,&quot; &quot;Play the Game,&quot; &quot;Good  Old-Fashioned Lover Boy,&quot; and &quot;Don't Stop Me Now.&quot;  Those  are just my favorites.  I hope that whoever reads this considers buying it,  because it is such a great CD.  If you love Queen as much as I do, you'll  want to buy it today!  When I first heard Queen, it was &quot;We Are the  Champions&quot; and I thought, &quot;Who's that?&quot;  I wanted to know  some more of their music and along the way I heard &quot;Bohemian  Rhapsody&quot; and loved it!  I thought that song was so creative, sad,  with great guitar.  There is a story in the song and I thought Freddie's  voice was so beautiful.  That's how I came to love Queen!  I guess  I should tell you about why I like the songs I said I love.  I think that  &quot;We Are the Champions&quot; is a classic.  It's a song that can make  you feel good when your day isn't going well.  &quot;Killer Queen&quot; is  cool and has really good lyrics, although I'll be honest when I say that  the first time I heard it I couldn't understand him through the whole  thing.  &quot;Play the Game&quot; has a soft touch to it.  I like the tone  in Freddie's voice and I like the feel of the song.  &quot;Good  Old-Fashioned Lover Boy&quot; is a great song, and the thing I love most  about it is the idea of him being a really smooth guy and how he'll take a  girl out and have a good time.  &quot;Don't Stop Me Now&quot; reminded me  about Freddie's life, how he was going too fast and he didn't slow down in  time. It just seems rather ironic to me when I hear it. I hope this has  been in a way helpful to you.  I wanted to be helpful, but at the same time  I wanted to share withyou my love for the most diverse band that ever  lived!
B00000JCRH|1.0|This so-called &quot;great&quot; album is extremely overrated. Overly-long, droning songs, ridiculous lyrics, neanderthal-like grunting from the singer...is this music? Try Load or Re-load to hear how a metal  band should sound.
6303422020|5.0|Yesssss, they don't make 'em like this too often. This movie is truly bone-chilling! I love all 3 stories on here, the best one is definitely The Raft, followed by The Hitchhiker, and last but not least The Indian story.  Rent this baby, or better let, just buy the freakin' tape, watch it super  duper late, and sit back and embrace True horror! This one is alot better  than the 1st one. The Raft story alone is worth buying, have the pleasure  of viewing this enormous-grotesque looking blue blob that floats in the  water, and is in desperate need of some fresh blood! The 4 scared teens  have to escape this death trap somehow... Some other movies worth checking  out are... Necronomicon:Book of The Dead, Bodybags. Creepshow 2 rules!
B00000FCBC|5.0|I just got a haircut yesterday. Does that mean I sold out
B000001U3K|5.0|This is by far Lou Reed's best solo album. This album can even be compared to The Velvet Underground's albums. I first bought this album because it had the song Walk on the Wild Side on it. After listening to the album,  that song is possibly my least favorite on the album. It is a great song,  but there are other songs that are even better, such as Andy's Chest,  Satellite of Love, NYC Telephone Conversation and Wagon Wheel. Every song  on the album is incredible. If you are a fan of Lou Reed or VU, this album  is a MUST HAVE!
0517122707|5.0|Imagine...someone saying such an awful thing (Mr. Gallen's review).  Mr. Gallen, I am glad that you are not in charge of the publishing world!  <br />I almost never read fiction, but a close friend asked me to read  &quot;Confederacy&quot;.  I laughed MORE reading this book than I did when  reading &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; twenty years ago!  I have since  recommended this book to many people, ALL of whom would agree with me.   Sophomoric, and even grotesque at times...this is truly a very funny read!   I couldn't put it down and read the entire book in one day.  The hardcover  edition offered here is a bargain, but the softcover is a little larger  size and bigger type font making it a little more comfortable to read  through.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Wow!  This is the best cd i have ever listened to. The songs that Darren sings are so true.  I listen to this cd over and over again.  I wouldn't call this album boring.  It has a high variety of music, some slow and some  are fast.  I recommend everyone buy this cd even if you don't like Savage  Garden.  The lyrics of these songs will touch your heart especially the  song &quot;I Don't Know You Anymore.&quot;  This is just a great album and  i'm enjoying it tremendously!
B00000099Y|5.0|Never in my whole life have i heard anything like this! the band melts together in a near perfect sound on the first listening, and grows on you from there.  my suggestion, cut the track numbers  this should be  experiensed as the symphony that it is.
6305750750|3.0|I do not want to slam the movie for what I think it should have been.  I am sure George was happy with it or at least mildly so in order for it to be released.  I did think that it could have used a bit more development,  and there were a few things that could have been left out.  (Jar jar, most  of the Gung gan battle with the droids) The only problem with this movie  really was that the first three were such intense movies, with characters  of such presence that they made it a very very hard act to follow.  I  applaud Mr. Lucas on his choice of actors and actresses, but I think there  was just something lacking in their performance.      One of the great  things about Star Wars IV was the dark undertone.  Phantom just seemed made  more toward the 6 to 15 year old crowds, than the broad spectrum that makes  up the Star Wars Fan Clan.      In closing I would like to give my whole  hearted thanks to Mr. Lucas for allowing the \\"Star Wars Phantom Menace\\" to  be seen here in Kuwait on post, other wise I would still be wondering what  all the huha was about.  Thanks from all the military and civilians that  work over seas protecting the interests of the greatest nation on Earth.
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menace is the first step into a larger world!This movies had only set the stage for the others 5.The Mid-Clorian thing is a foreshadow for the Clone Wars.I think Jar-Jar is great and for the ordinare movie goer  he was the best charater of the movie.TPM rules, SW is the greatest Saga in  Movie History.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I just bought this cd yesterday, and I must have listened to it about 30 times already!  This cd is great for just laying down and relaxing, or hitting the dance floor.  I highly recommend this cd because of its great  songs, like &quot;Gravity of Love&quot; and &quot;Smell of Desire.&quot;
B00000J7S8|5.0|When I walked into a bookstore yesterday to browse, this CD was playing.  Within minutes I was hooked.  After the sales associate directed me to the Diana Krall section, I knew I had to have this CD.  I have listened to it  non-stop since then.  I was thinking I had stumbled onto a relative unknown  - so imagine my surprise when I found out her CD was the number three  seller on Amazon. (Gee, where I have been!). Guess I'm not the only one  with great taste in music. From the captivating 'Let's Face the Music' to  the soulful &quot;Why Should I Care&quot;, this CD explores all emotions.   This is my first Diana Krall CD, but it will certainly NOT be my last!
B00000JCB2|5.0|this CD is the best ever! with all the hits like nookie and re-aranged, even my mom likes this stuff! Buy it!
0060974176|5.0|I read this book while working for a major software firm--it was fascinating to me that Toyota could update their automobiles faster than  we could bring out a new operating system.   <br />This study of the world  automotive industry by a group of MIT academics reaches the radical  conclusion that the much vaunted Mercedes technicians are actually a  throwback to the pre-industrial age, while Toyota is far ahead in costs and  quality by building the automobiles correctly the first time.   The lesson  that it cost more to fix it than to build it correctly should be applicable  to a lot of industries--not just manufacturing.  The description of the  marketing information system that Toyota uses was very enlightening.   They  involve the entire company in generating marketing feedback. Even dealer  sales staff spend time working on the new product teams.  Trust me, very  few high-tech firms methodically collect feedback from their customers, and  none have a system this comprehensive.  <br />This is not just a book about  lean production--this is guidance in understanding how your business  operates and delivering good products that your customers want.
0783225849|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 gothic horror classic changed the way filmmakers viewed their occupation and enhanced film audiences expectations as far as what the movives could do. Before Psycho, Hollywood was in the dying days  of the age of sentiment. Hollywood produced pictures that were sentimenal,  emotional, and concerned about showcasing the human condition. Psycho with  the savagry of Mother Bates butcher knife hacked through Hollywood  sentiment and created the age of sensation. 60's movies such as Bonnie and  Clyde, the Birds, Rosemary's Baby, Midnight Cowboy, Butch Cassady and the  Sundance Kid, and the Wild Bunch are among many examples of how sixties  filmmakers became liberated due to Hichcock's magnificant diffance of  convential film guidelines with Psycho. As for the film's structure,  musical accompaniment, direction, film editing, and acting performances,  the film masterfully excels at all levels and is one of the important films  in the last 100 years. The grandaddy of the modern horror movie and the  inspiration for modern screen violence, Psycho is still a one of a kind  Hitchcock masterwork. The DVD is exemplemary edition to your DVD or video  collection.
052594527X|5.0|This historical novel smoothly weaves fact and fiction into a fascinating tale about 17th-century Delft, Jan Vermeer and a young woman's coming of age. It's a rich story that should be read slowly and savored, and at that,  it ends too soon.<br />Midway through, I went to the library and checked out a  Time-Life book about Vermeer in order to have copies of his paintings  beside me as I read about them in The Girl With a Pearl Earring. It doubled  my reading pleasure.
6305311463|1.0|This movie is the perfect example of how profit driven studios occasionally forget that soulless, poorly executed, infantile, two and a half hour trailers can be hugely commercially successful if marketed  correctly.  Many people refute my condemnation of this movie by saying that  they go to the movies to enjoy themselves not to see important or artistic  works.  First of all, seeing intellegent, inspired and creative works  pleases me more than anything else, the feeling I get when I leave the  theatre is like nothing else.  I didn't enjoy this movie for a second.  It  sickened me.  If people truly enjoy movies like this (it made $200 mil  domestically) I don't understand how this does so well, when intellegent,  well-crafted and yes, highly entertaining movies like the insider make $30  mil.  Nixon barely registered at the box office.  If this is the choice of  the American people, the future of art is bleak.
0440234743|5.0|I am Grisham fan, so of course i bought the testament when i saw it, but i found this book better than the most, it was not only complex and exciting as normal, but the characters were much more different than most of his  books, which made was a great reading experience.
B000002GQK|5.0|Every fan of the Blues has his/her own favourite album, and obviously we all feel very passionate about them.  This is my personal choice.<br />The Blues left the majority of sixties performers after &quot;Go Now&quot;, and  ventured into more cerebral work.  I guess they figured that there were  only so many ways to sing &quot;ohh baby I love you so much&quot;, and  wanted to tackle other issues.  Happily, they never let questions of  philosophy obscure otherwise beautiful arrangements and haunting  vocals.<br />I was transfixed the first time I heard &quot;You Can Never Go  Home Anymore&quot;. After inadvertently recording it, I listened to it time  after time after time.  Even without the words, it seems so complex and  wonderfully layered. <br />That would have been reason enough to buy this  album, but there is so much more.  &quot;The Story In Your Eyes&quot;,  &quot;Our Guessing Game&quot; and &quot;One More Time To Live&quot; show  the inimitable Blues' style that help carry the album.  The vocal harmonies  areas pleasing as anything one would want to hear.  The orchestrations are  sometimes delicate, sometimes massive.  The words make you forlorn and  other times filled with hope.  It is just one glorious song after  another.<br />Back in the day, some of us were critical of the Blues for not  being able to recreate in concert the same precision of sound as their  studio word captures (duh!).  This is what I was always looking for from  them.  This album set the bar so incredibly high, that no one could  possibly get over it.<br />Forget about lighting the joint another reviewed  suggests. Put this on in an otherwise quite place and enjoy some of the  best music the era had to offer.
B000007OY0|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen! my grandma reminds me of Warden Norton she always says you get 2 things from her: Discipline and The Bible. Tim Robbins is a good actor but he did a stellar performance in  this!<br />Morgan Freeman did a great job in this too along with his other  movie called Glory about the Civil War. great movies!  I liked this better  than the green mile actually But Tom Hanks is the man of that movie!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Another great album from Zach de la Rocha.  His loud and confident voice speaks out against the money-grubbing capitalists of America with a hard rock mixed with rap style.  The collection of songs on the album are  excellent, especially &quot;Sleep Now In the Fire&quot;.
1573226521|5.0|I have to truly admit that I have not read such a detailed and fun-filled book in a very long time! &quot;The Book&quot; not only can bring images to the mind but can make you feel the scenes that Alex Garland tells you! Once  I read the first few pages, I was captivated and couldn't stop reading. You  must read this book that brings you onto an island that was forbidden to  enter...
B000002GQK|5.0|Every fan of the Blues has his/her own favourite album, and obviously we all feel very passionate about them.  This is my personal choice.<br />The Blues left the majority of sixties performers after &quot;Go Now&quot;, and  ventured into more cerebral work.  I guess they figured that there were  only so many ways to sing &quot;ohh baby I love you so much&quot;, and  wanted to tackle other issues.  Happily, they never let questions of  philosophy obscure otherwise beautiful arrangements and haunting  vocals.<br />I was transfixed the first time I heard &quot;You Can Never Go  Home Anymore&quot;. After inadvertently recording it, I listened to it time  after time after time.  Even without the words, it seems so complex and  wonderfully layered. <br />That would have been reason enough to buy this  album, but there is so much more.  &quot;The Story In Your Eyes&quot;,  &quot;Our Guessing Game&quot; and &quot;One More Time To Live&quot; show  the inimitable Blues' style that  carry the album.  The vocal harmonies  areas pleasing as anything one would want to hear.  The orchestrations are  sometimes delicate, sometimes massive.  The words make you forlorn and  other times filled with hope.  It is just one glorious song after  another.<br />Back in the day, some of us were critical of the Blues for not  being able to recreate in concert the same precision of sound as their  studio work captures (duh!).  This is what I was always looking for from  them.  This album set the bar so incredibly high, that no one could  possibly get over it.<br />Forget about lighting the joint another reviewed  suggests. Put this on in an otherwise quite place and enjoy some of the  best music the era had to offer.
044100590X|5.0|I love sci-fi and the worlds great authors can create with words and a little imagination.  And this is by far the best sci-fi book I have ever read and I'm sure will ever read in my life.  One person said that this  book was only good if you hadn't read many sci-fi books &quot;(i.e.  18)&quot; I read this book when I was 16 because my father suggested it to  me.  He waited till he believed I was old enoungh to understand and really  comprehend the depth and meaning of the book.  In my now 20 years I've read  over 150 different sci-fi books and still nothing compares to DUNE.  To all  you people out there who don't understand this book or the characters or  who have to flip back and forth to find out meanings of words(like the  context clues weren't enough) then all of you must just be a little less  intelligent than the rest of us because it takes someone with intelligence  to understand the complexity of such an absolute masterpiece of literay  genius. If you don't understand then I guess your mind just isn't  intelligent enough to grasp or understand ideas such as honor, destiny, or  even an idea or a cause that you feel strongly enough about to do  something...then I can't and will never understand you people I just wish  you could see what the rest of us do.<br />I feel sad for you who can't  understand this.  I hope someday you will.
0783216084|5.0|Is this Spielberg's finest film? Well, it's my favorite of his, that's for sure. It is brilliant in every way, and shows how a movie doesn't have to sacrifice plot and character for action and suspense. Spielberg should've  watched &quot;Jaws&quot; before directing his &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;  travesties. Imagine how great those films could've been if the characters  were half as interesting and combustible as Brody, Hooper and Quint. Even  the minor characters, like Mayor Vaughn, and Brody's wife Ellen, as well as  Mrs. Kintner, come to vibrant life on the screen that in a way that is  often absent from current blockbusters.<br />&quot;Jaws&quot; touches a primal  fear in humanity--that the sea is an alien planet and there are things  beneath its placid surface that want to eat us. When I was a kid it was one  of those films that was inescapable--before I saw I was worried for week,  wondering if you could die of fright (I was 7, forgive me!) It did scare  me, but it also exhilirated me, and inspired my deep and lasting love for  movies.<br />By showing the shark in as few scenes as possible Spielberg  allows the tension to rise to unbearable heights. Having such colorful  characters allows us to escape into the film. The climax is terrific, a  blueprint for later action movies. This film is proof that escapist  entertainment need not be mindless or offensive by appealing to the lowest  common denominator of so-called film fans. This film is a classic--although  it is regrettable that people see great white sharks as monsters; any  documentary on them on tv shows that this is simply not accurate. Still, I  won't even go into a swimming pool at night!
6305609691|4.0|good war flick but not really a good story about vietnam. i know
B00000K2SC|5.0|A fantastic film star rating 9/10. Its has loads of excitment and violence, one of my favorite films. My favorite character is Neo the chosen one, its Great I don't know what I would do without it. signed Mercio.
B000002KOY|5.0|Crazy Horse achieve a sinister, gritty edginess with this album -- perhaps in part because Jack Nietsche (who worked on several Stones albums in the sixties) took part in the recording.  They do a great slow-grind version of  Gone Dead Train by Randy Newman (whose equally good pumped-up version  appears on the Performance soundtrack along with Jagger's Memo From  Turner).  Each song is distinct and memorable and affecting.  Danny Whitten  was a terrible loss.
6305627401|5.0|South Park comes to DVD in what can only be described as unexpected intelligence and even less expected amounts of profanity. However, the tactful use of language is done so intelligently and so critically of the  world (from Saddam Hussein to hip hop rappers), you hardly realize how  trashy it truly is. South Park's only downfall is that it loses momentum  going into the last half. Although it's still smart and funny, the first 15  minutes leave you laughed out and soon you find yourself spoiled and  wanting more. Overall, my pick as the funniest movie of the year overall.
B0000024SI|4.0|I subtract one star from this album because much of it doesn't make one bit of sense.  For all of the Dylan devotees and critics that have called him one of the century's greatest poets, I have yet to meet anyone that can  actually tell me what the heck most of these songs mean.<br />Filling your  songs with bizarre imagery and meaningless word couplets is no great crime  in and of itself.  Dylan strings together words that at least *sound*  intelligent and *seem* to mean something, on the surface.  And heck, what  does the Beatles' &quot;Come Together&quot; mean, anyway?  But to have this  sort of very literate-sounding nonsense revered as great poetry, as great  meaning, as great statements....well, sorry, but I have a problem with  that.<br />A previous reviewer says to listen to &quot;Desolation Row&quot;  over and over again to get the meaning.  Well, no matter how many times I  listen to the many verses of that song, it still makes no sense to me.  I  mean: &quot;Einstein, disguised as Robin Hood/With his memories in a  trunk/Passed this way an hour ago/With his friend, a jealous monk/He looked  so immaculately frightful/As he bummed a cigarette/Then he went off  sniffing drainpipes And reciting the alphabet&quot;<br />SAY WHAT!
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty epitomizes all the elements that can and do make film a unique art. Aside from a natural chemistry between the entire cast and a storyline that grips you to an ending that might possibly be one of the  most suspenseful whodunit's ever, the photography is the real beauty. The  use of juxtaposition and the subtle theme of making the ordinary beautiful  are tastefully and extraordinarily captured. Not since Pulp Fiction do I  think a film has so significantly raised the benchmark of ingenuity and  creativity. Best movie of the year hands down.
0684872153|5.0|Angelas Ashes was a book that kept me glued to it's pages. It was told in such an honest and refreshing way that you could feel the true human emotions brought to life through Frank McCourts memories. It makes you take  a look at your own life and how lucky you are.  The charactors from his  past are brought back to life with such vivid recall, you feel like you've  grown up with them yourself. Frank McCourt is a true inspiration to life  and the American dream. His sequel &quot;'Tis&quot; is just as satisfying,  after reading Angelas Ashes you'll surely be craving to read 'Tis.
