B000002UDD|5.0|This is probably my favorite album by Megadeth, just about all the songs are fast,heavy, and killer solos. The only exception would have to be 502, which i think lyricly it could have been better but the music still rocks! In To The Lungs Of Hell is perfect for an intro to this album, Set The World Afire is my favorite really good riffs solos and lyrics of the worlds own demise, Anarchy in the UK although i'm not a punk fan i think they did a good job of adusting it to metal settings, Mary Jane my favorite next to Set the world Afire - this song is a great headbanger song, 502 once again sticks out a little but the music still rocks, Liar this song is killer with extreme solos, Hook in Mouth another favorite cuz i don't know i ran out of words, it just a great song with political lyrics that just kick [hiney], all and this ablum is one of Megadeths greats!
B00005JKZT|5.0|This was a fabulous movie.  It had a lot more action in it than the first one did.  In this movie, Aragorn begins to emerge as the King he is. He has a longing to go and become King.  He also is lost,  he has told Arwen to go to the Gray Havens and not come and marry him.  Frodo and Sam, \\"befriend\\" Gollum, and his takes them to Mordor.  They also meet Faramir,  the brother of Boromir.  Gandalf returns, and meets up with Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas and tells them that Merry and Pippin are safe and not to fret.  When Aragorn, Gimli, Gandalf and Legolas reach Rohan,  the sword maiden falls in love with Aragorn,  who refuses to return her love for the hurt he still feels. All in all a great movie,  worth being in the theater for three hours.
B00004U28G|5.0|Whatever happened to movies that were just plain FUN?<br />This is a hilarious movie that never gets old, despite the fact that it was released in 1982. Big name starts (at the time) Burt Reynolds, Dom Deluise, Sammy Davis Jr., Dean Martin, Farrah Fawcett, Terry Bradshaw, Mel Tillis, Roger Moore, Jamie Farr, and...some unknown guy named Jackie Chan, all race against each other in The Cannonball Run, a race from sea to shining sea.<br />This movie is way better than its sequel, the Cannonball Run 2.<br />Fans of Smokey and The Bandit, also starring Burt Reynolds, will love this movie for the cars, the women, and the laughs. Buy this movie!
1559408855|3.0|...I believe it is irresponsible for any human being to close their eyes to acknowledging human nature, whether it be happiness, sadness, fear, or the most unthinkable modes in which one satiates pleasure.  Because when we ignore these very facets of human nature, we in turn ignore ourselves.  The wretched and terrible things that happened in this movie are depictions of what happens all the time in REAL LIFE (far worse even - the rape of Nanking, slavery in the US, women being kidnapped and sold to European prostitution rigns, Rwanda, etc.): these are vices that have been existent in our species since the beginning of time (Don't believe me? Well take a look at the Bible as a historical document).  Now I'm not saying that you should show this to a child, but I am saying that this is a MOVIE, nothing more than one, which is perfectly responsible to watch if the viewer has a strong sense of what's right and what's wrong.  Pasolini was religious, and he had a strong sense of morality - what he intended for this film was to show us what happened to his people in Salo under the reign of the Mussolini fascists.  The content of art (yes, this is art!!!) should never be taken into account in it's criticism.<br />Plus, the claim that this is the most disgusting and disturbing story put to acetate is dubious.  Take a look at some of the undergound animations that come from Japan - now those are far more disturbing.<br />With that said and done, I think this was an average movie at best.  Reasons?  Well for one, given it's explicit content, it was boring.  I was never grabbed into the narrative the way all great movies do.  Not one character was developed fully in any way, and a lot of the their motivations are not fully believable.  We see through a static camera looking at a group of characters, who for the most part are static throughout most of the film.<br />Yes the cinematography is gorgeous, and yes the set design was great -  but that does not merit this being a goodfilm.  Some of the worst films ever made had great set designs and cinematography (e.g. Less than Zero, XxX)  I don't care if people say that Pasolini intended for there was no real structure or character to give it a voyeuristic/documentary feel, all forms of story telling need these elements.  This was lazy film making in my eyes.  Definately not a masterpiece.
B000069HK2|5.0|i was totally blown away when i got this cd.  My first impression on &quot;The Used&quot; is when i listened to Buried Myself Alive it was really good.  When I listened to the taste of ink it wasnt all that great but when i kept listenin to it itgot better and better and now is my fav. song of all time! jus go out there and buy this cd be4 u lose out!
0783225547|5.0|I remember seeing this movie in the theater, and I think the signature moment, for whatever reason, was when the elevated ramp leading onto the interstate buckled and collapsed during the volcanic earthquake preceding the main eruption.  It was so unexpected, so horrific (people in cars plunging to their death when the road literally falls out from beneath them), and yet so realistic -- this would obviously happen during an earthquake.  The entire earthquake sequence was so violent and devastating -- the way buildings just collapsed outward into the street, etc.  It was awesome to watch on the big screen.  The pyroclastic flow was remarkably well-done -- a volcanic eruption is among the most viciously powerful displays in nature, and the filmmakers did an exceedingly good job of showing this.  I agree with numerous other reviewers that the \\"driving over the molten lava\\" was completely ridiculous -- the tires indeed melted, but I would think the gas tank would explode, and just the sheer heat would cause the vehicle itself to fail structurally.  Oh well.  The dog leaping into the truck at the last possible second was inordinately cheesy, as was Pierce Brosnan's \\"oh you rascally little scamp!\\" facial expression when this happened.  The whole sequence is horrible, truly.  Apart from those few minutes, however, the movie is very enjoyable and well-paced.  I seriously doubt a vehicle without tires (or even with them) could outrun a pyroclastic flow through narrow town streets, but they managed to make it look pretty realistic all the same.  Brosnan and Linda Hamilton both turned in really good performances.  Hamilton was particularly effective and believable as a town mayor, a vulnerable woman abandoned by her husband, and a good mother.  The kids were entirely convincing, too, and their presence added a great element to the story (much like the two kids in Jurassic Park did).  For the squeamish, there's a part at the end where Brosnan's character suffers a compound fracture of his arm bone, and it's grisly to see.  I shudder every time.  All in all, this is a great movie, very escapist, and although completely fabricated in some ways, altogether scientific and realistic in others.  The music is also great and fits in very well.  Highly recommended.
B000006P8I|5.0|This much underrated early debut is a must for any Bowie fan. Though the music at this point lacks the sophistication of his later work, the lyrics are brilliant and the production is excellent. His early work shows him to be one of the wittiest lyricists of his time. This album is a thoughtful jab at all the pretensions of the 60's. It makes a connection with far stranger artists such as the Bonzo Dogs and Frank Zappa, but is more clever and dignified than either.<br />Somehow, this album makes the whole rest of Bowie's career fall into place, and made me even more mindful of the underlying wit present in all his other albums. This album may seem strange at first, but it grows on you. I find myself loving it more with each listening, which is odd for an album full of \\"novelty songs\\". It proves to be so much more.<br />I would also recommend The Deram Anthology 1966-1968 as a more complete collection of early Bowie recordings, but some of the added songs were unwelcome intrusions next to the coherence of this album as it was originally released. I myself own both and wouldn't part with either of them.
0380789019|4.0|Gaiman's Neverwhere is a new type of Wonderland adventure.  Contemporary in both setting and attitude, the tale runs under the city of London, sometimes surfacing in its streets and buildings, in a most dangerous and dark way.  Comparison with Alice and her adventures seems inevitable.<br />As with many protagonists in such stories, Richard Mayhew moves from the world he knows to one as alien as another planet, quite by accident.  As Twain said, &quot;No good deed goes unpunished.&quot;  And Richard is severely punished when he loses identity and place.  His only choice is to escape into the maze of this other world in hopes of finding himself and the world in which he was comfortable.<br />The characters are vivid and the reader either hates or loves them.  With the exception of Richard.  Considering what has happened to him, it is not surprising that he would let others control his actions.  However, a more proactive character might strengthen our attachment to him.  But he is neither hero nor anti-hero.  The world Gaiman has created under the very feet of Londoners is fascinating, following its own rules of behavior and its own level of violence and revenge.  There is magic there, both dark and light.  A world in which we would only want to spend a short time.<br />Readers who enjoy this tale might also enjoy the bizarre horror novels of Chet Williamson, and of course, the Adventures in Wonderland.
B00005QHPQ|5.0|Enrique Iglesias is one of the best male singers ever. Even though my natural lenguage is spanish, I prefer Enrique's music in english.<BR>\\"Escape\\" is an album that captures you as soon as you play it. The first track \\"Escape\\" makes you feel like dancing, the lyrics are good and the rhythm is even better, the same happens with songs like: \\"I love to see you cry\\", \\"Don't turn off the lights\\" and love songs that are also included on this production, such as the Top 3 \\"Hero\\", are very good.<BR>Enrique doesn't have a good voice but he knows how to make his music a hit because of the rythms, the production, the lyrics and his style.<BR>He must be the most talented cross-over artist, even though he's spanish, he's english is very good and that's something very strange with spanish people. Enrique won a Grammy award (\\"Best latin pop album\\")back in 1996 with he's first album.
B00005JLSE|4.0|My very first Broadway show ever was Chicago, starring Gwen Vernon, Chita Rivera (who also appears in this movie) and Jerry Orbach.<BR>That was almost 30 years ago.  This movie is a remarkable and excellent adaptation of that show.  Although I still don't think that Richard Gere can really dance, I do believe he did an excellent job of convincing the audience that he actually can and did. (I sat through the movie twice to determine if he really was dancing.)  I believe that Catherine Zeta-Jones deserves the Academy award for her performance in this movie. She was truly outstanding in her performance.
B00006F7S4|5.0|Beck has always, in my eyes, been a concept musician. Meaning he writes wierd music. In his new record, he has made a sound that everyone can relate to, and frankly I like it.
B00007JVBI|4.0|This album is about half comprised of just gorgeous, real meaningful songs-- the first three are some of my favorites-- and a few others that may or may not appeal to you as much. It's a very bare-bones sound, all the way through. Her voice has a tendency to stick in your head, what is often described as &quot;haunting.&quot; Overall, certainly a disc worthy of being added to the collection.
B00004Z459|5.0|I first heard about Linkin Park from my brother who said that his friends were listening to it and described them as &quot; A group that sang what was already being said in a high octave (In The End)&quot; They are more than that, however. They are people who understand the pain of life and heartache. And I have to say it, they can say it quite bluntly, but they do it in a mature manner without being vulgar, with the exceptions of High Voltage and X-ecutioner's Style. They also emphasise that they can't do this life thing alone, they must count on something more than their mortal being (By Myself). They understand what life can be like and they deal with it on no uncertain terms. Thumbs up.
B000089RVX|5.0|I'll admit that when I first heard &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; on the radio I glossed over it as another overrated song by just another &quot;dark, tortured&quot; band.  But after hearing it on the radio a couple dozen times, I was intrigued by Lee's vocals.  I checked out the website, listened to the album samples half a dozen times each, and became drawn even more.  Lee's voice is hauntingly beautiful and the rock overtone to their music, oddly enough, blends well - it doesn't clash at all like it seemingly would.  The lyrics aren't something to be overlooked, it reaches into you.  Evanescent this band is not.
0783225849|5.0|This is the movie all horror film makers strive to be like.  I found this to be Alfred Hitchcock's most visually challenging film with its significant imagery.  The most effective part of this movie was that it was filmed in black & white.  Color would have made this movie too brutal and unwatchable back in 1960.  His film editing techniques of the shower scene were innovative at the time and are now standard for today's movies.  I've watched this movie at least 20 times now and I keep learning more and more about his direction.  If you're a film director wannabe, watch and learn from the master!!
B00005JM93|2.0|Mainstream Snuff Film (sort of)<br />This film left me shaken and very confused. I work in the film business and after watching the film I was suddenly very worried about the direction of \\"entertainment\\" in general. I've seen violence in film before. This is different. Just because I'm deeply distressed by the intensity of the images, does it make this a \\"good\\" film? Will we be seeing more of this, simply because it's effective? (I suspect so - it's the modus operandi of visual media).<br />Irreversible gives us the dubious opportunity to feel what it might be like to see a man murdered savagely and graphically in front of us. The atmosphere created just prior to this extreme moment is choreographed to be as unsettlingly realistic and unpredictable as possible. It's like watching a real moment, bled of any sense of artifice.<br />Thanks to Jean-Christophe Spadaccini (who created the heads which are destroyed,) and to Mac Guff Ligne (the Paris based fx house which augmented the effects digitally) we are witness to all the horror that one might expect to see in a snuff film. Without the intensity of the violence, the film serves as a sophomoric, manipulative revenge drama. Sophmoric because, without time reversed, we have a film about a sexy girl with a complex life who we get to see graphically raped, and then follow the more dynamic storyline of the attempt by boyfriends to find and kill the rapist. Unlike Haneke's \\"Funny Games\\", there is no insight behind the audacity.<br />The rape scene, the other aspect of this film's notoriety, is far less troubling than the earlier(subsequent) murder. There is no voyeurism at play here and there is thankfully (a little) more restraint in depiction. However, the fact that the film cares more about the interests of macho rage and its more aggressive possibilities than what women endure from rape is problematic. More so since the beginning of the story (the end of the film) is all about her, at least as a visual/sexual archetype.It's seems like once she's battered to a pulp she's no longer visually useful to the real story.<br />The philosophy behind it is troubling, too, for several reasons. Nietzsche has often been trotted out by intellectuals in France (particularly during the period that Mr. Noe was in high school). Morally untethered power as a challenge to established authority and as an effective social critique seems to underly his published justification for making this film.<br />However, in real terms, Gaspar Noe is on record as wanting to make a Hollywood Porn Film - \\"Irreversible\\" is what he ended up making.<br />...
B000002MIY|4.0|I know that this wasn't released under \\"Steely Dan,\\" but just one listen and you hear that the feeling's there. Just a great disc to let play through, lots of fun to hear. I picked it up for pretty cheap and I've gotten a lot of satisfaction out of it. I recommend it highly.
B000002KHY|4.0|James Taylor has a smooth voice that makes comparison to other artists difficult.  He's not flashy and he has a lot of songs that maybe you forget about, but really love to hear.  &quot;You've got a friend,&quot; is one of those songs, you love to hear it but you might not buy the album.  &quot;Fire and Rain,&quot; is probably his best work, but the other songs on this compilation are also worthy of attention.<br />I usually don't go for greatest hits/compilation albums, but this is a fine exception.  I can't wait to finish Vol. II and post a review for that as well.
0151008116|5.0|The most interestingly different and good book that I read all year, and I've read eveything good this year!  It would be hard to find a book with better writing , more magic, and such a good story as this.
B00000IPAX|5.0|What are all you people talking about? This is not only the greatest Blink 182 CD, but also one of the best pop punk albums ever! C'mon, I mean &quot; What's My Age Again&quot; &quot;Going Away to College&quot; &quot;All The Small Things&quot; or &quot;Wendy Clear&quot; those don't do it for you? I bought one of their first CDs ( before travis) and it was awful! I never listen to it,(no offense guys, I love you) but they have indeed learned how to write much better music since then. If you don't own this CD I suggest you seek help IMMEDIATLY!
B000002B7V|5.0|Jake E. Lee has to be one of the top guitarists in the world. The way this album was written for guitar is just undescribable. Any pro musician would know, pulling off Jake E. Lee live is a feat in itself, no false chords or BS. I am talking true reproduction, note for note. Jake's riffs can be a challenge from hell! Even Yngwie Malmsteen agrees, Jake is a monster! The one song that really stands out technically is Never. From the opening staggering broken time riff to the monster solo. and that's just one of the songs! This album will always get 5 stars...
B00008AY3L|3.0|I'm not quite sold on this disc after about five listens-- there don't seem to be any standout tracks, just a lot of typical Ben throughout (not that that's a bad thing). I wasn't too high on Burn to Shine and I'm not sure that this album is much of an improvement. Just sort of standard all the way through. Worth buying if you're a Harper fan, though. Just perhaps not his best work. I don't like what he did with &quot;My Own Two Hands&quot;-- he turned a beautiful outro, which you can hear on Live From Mars, I believe, after Burn One Down, into a jammy, reggae type song. Not my cup of tea. Again, a decent album but nothing noteworthy.
B00005OAIE|1.0|I am not sure why anyone, except my mom, would purchase this cd.  I listened to the whole thing with my dad when it first came in the mail after my mom ordered it and we couldn't determine when on song ended and the next one began.  Eventually we just figured its an album of one track.  The guy thinks he's the man, but he's just a dave matthews wanna-be without a band.  He should find a band and think up some new songs.  IF you're a girl you'll probably like it.  buy OAR or Dispatch, but stay away if you're looking for music.
B000002GJ7|5.0|Nobody can play the electric guitar like this guy. Impossible rhythm parts, hyper fast soloing and awesome harmonics, all played at the same time he sing the second voice. The songs are basically heavy riffs with glam chorus, but much more power full than clasic glam bands.<BR>I highly recommend this CD specially for the guitar fans. If you like Van Halen, youll love Nuno Bettencourt.
B00004VW35|5.0|It is a pity that Neil had upset so many people in the American south with some of his early songs - listen to Lynyrd Skynyrd's Sweet home Alabama - because he showed with this album that he could record traditional country as good as anybody. Perhaps it was because of those early songs that this album did not achieve the level of success that I had hoped it would.<br />The album begins with an outstanding duet version of Wayward wind. It features a lady called Denise Draper who is otherwise unknown to me, but sounds a bit like Dolly. Upon first hearing this track, I looked for an album by her but could not find one, so she remains an obscure mystery.<br />Next come Get back to the country, the first of four tracks featuring Waylon Jennings and Are there any more real cowboys, a duet with Willie Nelson. The fourth track, Once an angel, features a chorus of background singers including Gail Davies.<br />The remaining tracks are mostly solo, though Waylon can be clearly heard on three of them. Of those, Bound for glory, a classic road song, is a true duet. The others are essentially Neil solos with Waylon contributing here and there. California sunset doesn't feature Waylon but it is a great, upbeat fiddle song.<br />The whole album is uplifting in mood and features plenty of steel and other traditional country instruments. I don't play it as often as I once did but it remains one of my all-time favorites.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|Probably the best CD I've bought thus far in 2003. Everything's just a standout, with the possible exception of In My Life. Bridge over Troubled Waters is great, Sam Hall is great, Desperado is great. Cash fans and non-Cash fans alike, this album is too good not to have.
B00005JLRT|3.0|The crew of the Enterprise-E squares off against the evil Shinzon (Tom Hardy), who, with the aid of a powerful starship, is out to settle a score against both Romulus and Earth.  Finally, a TNG movie allows some change--actually, quite a bit of change--in the lives and circumstances of our characters rather than returning them all to the kind of eternal stasis that is common to episodic television.  This is a quality that always made the classic Trek films feel like events--Kirk was promoted off his ship, Spock died, the Enterprise was destroyed, etc.  TNG films have always gotten that wrong, right from the first one, in which they were still flying around in the same ship and wearing the same uniforms from the TV series.  Now Berman and Co. seem to have finally clued in to that fact, but it feels like too little too late.<br />Final verdict: this is a passable but disappointing adventure.  Some good action is undermined by dark sets and a stagy feel to the proceeding.  And what's up with Worf?  He has been returned to duty aboard the Enterprise without explanation, although the finale of the Deep Space 9 series showed him becoming a liaison between the Federation and the Klingon Empire.  It's a shame that the filmmakers chose to ignore that logical and well-developed bit of character evolution just so that he could stand around in the background for one more tired film.
B00006F7S4|5.0|THIS ALBUM YES IS ABOUT A BREAK UP,AND HEARTBREAK.IF YOUR NOT INTO THE LYRICS.THE INSTRUMENTS ALONE,AND THE THE GUITAR,DRUMS,AND STRINGS.BECK HAS BLEENDED FOLK AND SPACE ROCK IN GREAT ALBUM. THIS I THINK IS BECKS MASTERPIECE. ITS NOT A COMERCIAL SUCCESS,BUT WHAT GOOD ARTIST CAN DO THAT KNOW.OK COMPUTER AND SEA CHANGE OUR THE ONLY ALBUMS THAT CAN EVEN COME CLOSE TO ANY GREATS FROM THE 60'S AND 70'S.PEOPLE THINK ODELAY OR THE VERY FISRT ALBUM IS THE BEST.BUT THIS IS JUST DAMN GOOD. IF YOUR  AHUGE OK COMPUTER FAN. THIS ALBUM IS SOMETHING TO LISTEN TO.
B00005LOUS|5.0|HEY, JIM CARREY, NEED I SAY MORE. THE GUYS NUTS! I LOVE HIS FILMS, THERE ARE A FEW I DO NOT HAVE, BUT I'LL FIND THEM. THIS ONE'S A RIOT, BUT THEN ALL HIS FILMS ARE. I JUST WONDER HOW HE IN REAL LIFE. HE IS SUPER IN THIS FILM, HE PLAYS THE GRINCH VERY, VERY WELL.<BR>A GOOD BUY!!
B000069HK2|5.0|dude if you've never heard the used you're missing out. it doesn't matter what kinda music you listen too you'll fall in love with the used.from soft music to hardcore screaming. this is one of the only bands that can take a violin and screaming and make it sound perfect!!! GET THE CD!!!!!
B00006SFLV|5.0|My So-Called Life has been my all time favorite TV show since it first aired on ABC in 1994.  Amazing characters, great story lines..I could go on and on.  I've been waiting for them to FINALLY release this DVD set,and when they did I was ecstatic!<br />If you loved the show when it first came out, or fell in love with its reruns on MTV back in the mid 90's, I definitely recommend this DVD set.<br />Someone who wrote a previous review asked why this DVD set cost more than other other TV show sets such as Buffy or Felicity, Here's why:<br />This DVD set is the ENTIRE season! The show only made 19 episodes, and was canceled after the first season. So eventhough you're paying more money, you're getting the complete season. Unlike Buffy and Felciity DVD sets that you have to buy the seasons separately, and spend even more money.
6305810109|5.0|Someone once ridiculed me because I said I loved this \\"old person's movie\\".  Indeed this movie lacks the sex and violence and sarcasm that dominates today's Gen Xer's video library. But does that make it a film intended strictly for the geriatric crowd?  Heck no!!  It's one of THE best movies I've ever seen. Perhaps it's because I grew up in a small Illinois town, pop. 550.  Perhaps it's because Alvin Straight reminded me so much of my own dad puttering around on his tractor.  Perhaps it's because it was so realistic and sweet...whatever the reason, this movie touched me down to the core.<br />I love films based on real-life.  Sissy Spacek is cute and believable as Rose.  Her stuttering and simplistic portrayal made me feel Rose's pain.  And Mr. Farnsworth's interpretation of Alvin is stunning.  He is a simple man, there's no doubt about it.  Anyone who would jump on a tractor and drive himself hundreds of miles without investing in a bus ticket or thinking to go to the local church to ask for a ride is someone who clearly doesn't accept charity.  He probably never considered himself needy.  This was his last goal in life, to mend fences between he and his brother.<br />Who didn't grab a hanky at the last scene when they finally reconcile in their quiet, simple way?  Too many words pass between people today.  If everyone was an Alvin Straight, we'd be doing a lot more thinking and a lot less yammering away.<br />I could rave on and on about this movie, maybe because I'm a country girl at heart.  It's a family movie, although young kids will probably get bored.  It's not fast-paced, and if you're looking for a climax, you're probably not going to get it.  However, if you and your sweetie just want to cuddle up while watching something sweet and adorable and redeeming for the human soul, this is it.  And the soundtrack is a MUST.  \\"Rose's Theme\\" is the best song on the track although all the songs are beautiful and fitting.
B00006JIA4|5.0|I got into QUEEN back in 1976 when a A DAY AT THE RACES was released and bought every album up to THE GAME. I lost interest in the band for a long time until THE MIRACLE and then INNUENDO (which is a BRILLANT!!!) I thought I had all I needed from QUEEN and then I was given The Platinum Collection and I was blown away. So many well crafted and performed songs that I am kicking myself for not staying in touch with what the band was doing. IT'S A HARD LIFE, HAMMER TO FALL, A KIND OF MAGIC and HEAVEN FOR EVERYONE are just a few of the tracks that stand out fron this collection and I just pop all three discs in the player and let the magic happen. I would recommend this to anyone looking to get into QUEEN. I'm going to complete my QUEEN collection with the albums I have missed over the years.
6305949980|1.0|I hate everyone who said this movie [stank] because it was SCARY! I watched this foul excuse for a film when I was seven or so and I wasn't scared, nor was I last year when I borrowed it from a friend. It had aweful music, a [silly] plot, and [bad] voice acting. I had no idea the stitch-girl thing was talking. I thought she was just making a mumbling noise. Also, for all the people who said Santa got 'tortured,' please define the word \\"torture.\\" When I think of torture, I think of bleeding and screaming and death, not rubbing a feather to someones foot. I hated the Batman movies. I loathed Edward Scissor-Hands. I abhored the Nightmare Before Christmas. If you have an ounce of intelligence in your brain, then use it to NOT buy-or watch-this movie. In fact, find the nearest store with a copy of this movie and run, not walk, but RUN in the opposite direction.
B000050IE6|5.0|This a progressive black/death concept album, and have no doubts, it is easily one of the best cds ever.<br />The songs on this are long, progressive, and very diverse. They spread from acoustics with clean vocals to pummeling double bass  and growling, from all different kinds of feel, and delivered with excellent musicianship. These songs show perfect song writing. This album is genius.<br />There is not much i can tell you about this album, you must hear itto believe it.
B00005J4HH|5.0|Wow. This is like Jeff Buckley meet The Cooper Temple Clause. I heard Jeff Buckley singing and I thought wow. I heard CTC playing and I thought wow. Then I heard Muse-Origin of Symmetry and it was like the most extraordinary composition of the two all rolled into one. <br />New Born is one of my favourites on this album. I mean, it really is faultless. I'm usually one for heavier stuff, with throat-throttling screaming like death-metal, but even I couldn't help admiring the clenched cleanliness of his voice.  <br />This is a must for all listeners who can call themselves fans of music.
B000065U1N|4.0|This film avoids all speech making and sentimentality that has become a common occurrance in many modern war movies. Black hawk Down does one thing and that is capture accurately the feel of the atmosphere and intensity in that awful day in Somalia where 18 American soldiers lost their lives<br />This is probably the most definitive film on modern warfare and features slick equipment such as night vision and the latest weaponry, all adding to the realism. This DVD is somewhat flawed because of its lack of special features. I suggest, if you really love the film, to wait a few months when Revolution studios will probably re-release the film on a separate DVD. This film is intense, featuring about 2 hours of non stop action and gore.
0425156842|5.0|For someone with a Master's Degree in Philosophy and an avid reader of the history of philosophy, I found this book to be quite good and interesting.  Gaarder makes even the most complex philosophical ideas seem simple and concrete.<br />I have already added it to the reading list of my AP European History class.  This is a good introduction to the &quot;nuts and bolts&quot; of the history of Western philosophy.<br />Anyone interested in learning about those ideas that have shaped the Western Heritage should read this book.
B000089A07|4.0|Indeed, after the horrible Hannibal of 2000, Lecter seems to be finally back in his top form. Here he is again behind bars for what else, eating people. However, we are introduced to Will Graham, the FBI agent who captured Lecter. Ed Norton does a solid job supporting Anthony Hopkins. <br />The great performance of movie is Ralph Fiennes' Francis Dolarhyde. Here we see a man in conflict with himself; deciding to struggle to maintain his humanity or metaphysically transform into the man-Dragon (William Blake's painting). One can hardly feel sorry for this man as he brutally murders two families, but we do gain sympathy after seeing his remorse. Ralph Fiennes has been often an overlooked actor and may even be one of the best in America (his work in The English Patient and Schindler's List were oscar worthy). <br />This film, thank god, stayed away from the pointless gore of Hannibal and may have even surpassed the Silence of the Lambs in terms of depth. These characters are all double sided unlike the pure evil of Silence. Norton is a man with a curse who outwardly seems calm, but inward is struggling to stay in control. Lecter is polite and charming outwardly, but his evil lurks not far from the surface. With the amazing characters and frightening atmosphere, this may just be one of the best movies of 2002.
0451207521|4.0|Just prior to the D-day invasion, a intrepid group of women parachute into occupied France. Their mission is to pose as cleaners and destroy the German Army's main telephone exchnage. These are the Jackdaws - an all female sabotage team.<br />They are led by Felicity Clairet - Flick to most people, and they are hunted by the relentless Major Dieter Franck. Franck is the most interesting character in the piece. While he is not assigned to the gestapo, he is every bit as cunning and ruthless to achieve his goal of breaking the back of the resistance. When he is not consigning people to Sergeant Becker (the Gestapo torturer) or humiliating people with his sadistic games, he worries about his wife, children and mistress.<br />Franck is a monster without conscience. Through out the book, he manipulates people unfortunate to fall into his clutches into revealing their secrets.<br />Follett is at his best when he returns to a war time novel replete with harrowing escapes, near misses and spot on drama.<br />Douglas De Bono <BR>Author of ROGUE STATE
B00005QGAZ|5.0|Who hasn't heard this album? I'm not for sure but this is one of my all time fave albums one that I own and my dad owns (his is the orginal record, mine's a remastered CD). This is THE album that has withstood the test of time and people just can't get enough of it even though Michael has changed...majorly. <BR>All the songs on this album are incredible, a work of art. It's sooo hard to choose which song is your favorite because they are all done so well. I guess if I'm forced I have to say &quot;Billie Jean&quot; but I really groove with &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'&quot; oh and when &quot;Thriller&quot; came on at one of my friend's party the whole room went biserk. &quot;Beat It&quot; is rockin' as well along with &quot;PYT&quot; and I love the lush ballad &quot;Human Nature&quot;. This album is Micheal at the top of his mountain of fame (wish he could return to this but we can't have everything)and it couldn't have been more than a thriller. :)
B00004S8Q9|5.0|I just found out this disc was available in the US and...boy is it worth every penny! First of all, the sound quality is much better than both the debut and Voodoo Highway! This thing was recorded live to tape in the studio and it is raw and crisp (did I mention incredible)! All the songs are well written and the playing is inspiring, some of the tightest music I've ever heard. Ray Gillen never sings better and you can hear almost a sort of soul searching on such cuts as Healer and Lord Knows. There is not a weak cut here, standouts include Healer, Tribal Moon, The River, Dog, Fat Cat and Lord Knows. I've had this dics for almost a month now and it has been cranked almost every day(so far). Ray is at his best, Jake just literally shreds (case closed), Greg Chaisson is one helluva bass player and I really like Jeff Martin's drumming here, the guy has really good timing and he thumps. This is a must for any true rocker, it does cost a bit but it is a must buy!! Hail to Badlands for giving us one last rock masterpiece!!!Thanks Ray....
B00005QGAX|5.0|Gosh! I remember being a tiny little thing and begging my dad, the music collector, to &quot;Play Michael Jackson, daddy!&quot; I loved this album and when I got older I got the CD. To this day it's one of my prized albums. The music was so raw and vocal driven but still there are some holes, like it wasn't totally up to par with &quot;Thriller&quot; or &quot;Off The Wall&quot;, it had a bit slacking off at some points but still it's one album that is one of Michael's best, I mean this album extended Michael's fame even further. My favorite song has to be &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;, it's so raw and demanding. Then some goonies (Alien Ant Farm) tried to make it a rock song, proves you just can' remake a Michael song no matter what your genre. &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot; is great with a doop woop twist while &quot;Dirty Diana&quot; and &quot;Bad&quot; are funky. &quot;Man In The Mirror&quot; is inspirational (and one that they used as a theme for a class that I took on &quot;succeeding in high school&quot;? Okay...) and &quot;Speed Demon&quot; is driven, no pun intended. This album is really one that will be in my collection and one that one day I hope that my kid will be asking to play.
0385720920|5.0|whitten with amazing imagination, it's one of the best books i've ever read. it's very artistic and sexual and twisted. Every adult with a normal life should read it. it's such an inspiration.
B00003CXSP|1.0|Other reviewers have already covered all the bases, but I feel I have to say something about this cinematic prostate exam. Avoid. This film massacres the book. It leaves out important characters and events, and completely changes the story(the ending). Even if you've never read the book and don't know what you're missing, avoid anyway! Hannibal Lecter is NOT scary outside his cell. It's a huge mistake to show the things he does. By not showing you and simply telling you-like they did in Silence Of The Lambs-your mind can fill in the gaps with the most horrible and terrifying things imaginable. That worked! Showing him does not! And what's with Julianne Moore? Why does Hollywood think that using a different actor for a role played by a previous actor/actress isn't going to affect anything? Jodie Foster was half of the friggin' movie! I'm sorry, but when they switch actors it is just not the same, especially such a memorable role in a classic film. Why not just replace Egon with Adam Sandler for Ghostbusters 3? So, if you know what's good for ya, run screaming. It's not scary or suspenseful. My mother's tupperware party had more thrills.
B00008LDPU|5.0|On the Matrix homepage, you can view two of the shorts that will be on the DVD -- The Second Renaissance part 1, and Program.  Two more, Detective Story and Second Renaissance part 2, will be coming out in the next few months before the DVD's release.  Also, Last Flight of the Osiris is being shown right before Dreamcatcher in theatres now.<br />This is an incredible collection of short anime/animated movies, authorised by the Wachowski Brothers, that fills out the universe of the Matrix.  I highly recommend picking up this DVD when it's released if you like either anime or the Matrix!
B00005JLSE|5.0|I have now seen this movie SIX times and I am still not tired of it. This is the most amazing movie I have ever seen. As someone who doesn't usually like musicals, I went to this movie with the expectation that I wouldn't be that impressed. Boy, was I wrong. The actors are great. Each and every one of them did tremendous jobs with the singing, dancing, and acting. I was especially impressed with Richard Gere's performance as opportunistic lawyer Billy Flynn. I also am not usually a fan of Richard Gere, but he is an incredible singer and actor. . . . there was also a terrific tap dance number that made me fall in love with him! I was also surprised at the talent that was demonstrated by Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger, and Queen Latifah. The direction in this movie was also the best I have ever seen, especially for a musical. . . this director definately deserves an Oscar for this one! As an obsessed fan, I also own the soundtrack and would definately call it the best soundtrack I have ever heard! So if you haven't seen this movie, you are missing out. The acting, dancing, singing, the costumes. . . there isn't one bad part in the entire movie!
B00005QZWI|5.0|This Soundtrack is great company for your imagination and mind scape. I sew, and making costume reproductions from LOTR movies is one of my favorite things to do..listening to this CD is a must when doing so because it really keeps you inspired. My favorite tracks on this CD are: Concerning Hobbits (from the beginning of LOTR-FOTR in the shire with Bilbo), Many Meetings (from the arrival at Rivendell), The Council of Elrond Featuring &quot;Aniron&quot;(theme for Arragorn &amp; Arwen played during the romantic bridge scene in Rivendell), Lothlorien (from arrival in Lothlorien), and May It Be (enya) (from the credits). I suggest buying the soundtrack for the Two Towers as well, so that you can continue your mind scape journey to the next installment of the story!
0441172717|4.0|I recently bought this particular edition (some 25th Anniv. special) of the book.  It's very cheaply produced.  There are several typos, including one page where an entire line is printed twice.  The type changes size throughout, so that occasionally a line will be a point or 2 smaller than the one preceding it, and the margins aren't quite right, leaving too little space between the text and the binding on many pages.  This book was made to be read once, quickly, and thrown out.  If you want something that will last a little longer, get another edition.
B00007BH5C|5.0|This Soundtrack is great company for your imagination and mind scape. I sew, and making costume reproductions from LOTR movies is one of my favorite things to do..listening to this CD is a must when doing so because it really keeps you inspired. My favorite tracks on this CD are: The King of the Golden Hall (This theme runs through the film starting when Eowyn sees Arragorn for the first time outside the great hall, she's standing alone with the wind whipping through her hair), Evenstar (theme played during Arragorn's dream sequence back at Rivendell), Breath of Life (played when a vision of Arwen kisses a wounded Arragorn lying by the river), Isengard Unleashed, and Gollum's Song &lt;this woman almost sounds like Bijork&gt; (from the credits). I suggest buying the soundtrack for Fellowship of the Ring as well, so that you can continue your mind scape journey from the beginning to the next installment of the story!
B000005HO0|5.0|This is the only official album with Mayhem´s &quot;true&quot; lineup. Dead was one of the best vocalists ever, so don´t waste your money buying &quot;De mysteriis dom sathanas&quot;, because the vocals there cannot even compare to Dead. <BR>If you wanna hear songs like &quot;Freezing Moon&quot; the way they were supposed to be, buy this one.<br />R.I.P. Per Yngve Ohlin
0743216458|5.0|Band of Brothers, by Stephen Ambrose, is the story of E (Easy) Company of the 101st Airborne Division in World War II.  It's a very personal account, as Ambrose conducted numerous interviews with the surviving members of the company and uses those interviews to imbue a sense of closeness to the action and the men who went into that action.  It's a very effective book, though it does seem to be \\"history lite.\\"  I'm not really sure why, because Ambrose has obviously done a lot of research in producing this story.  Perhaps it is because it's not a typical history book with documentation from all over the place.  Instead, he seems to have used only a couple of sources besides the men of Easy themselves.  Then again, is that a bad thing?  Personally, I don't think so, at least not in this case.  Ambrose is not attempting to write a history of World War II.  He's writing the story of a group of men who formed relationships and bonds that would carry them through the rest of their lives.<br />I found this book fascinating.  Most of the history books I have read have been very abstract, telling about the moving of units and what they did and how successful they were in battle.  They always have some personal angles involved, either talking about letters written home, or some personal stories of valor.  Ultimately, though, they are about the battles themselves.  These books can be very interesting.<br />Band of Brothers tells us everything about a group of men and how they fought.  We get to laugh with them, we get to see the horrors that they have seen.  We also get to see the incompetence that sometimes becomes prevalent in wartime.  Ambrose doesn't pull any punches, and neither do the men of Easy to whom he spoke.  They are very outspoken about the people they didn't like.  Not just people, but also nationalities.  One thing to keep in mind when reading this book is that the only impression of nationalities that these men had were when they were going through territory, wondering whether or not they would be running into enemy fire at any time.  Some people of these nationalities may take offense at some of the statements in this book.  One fault with it is that Ambrose doesn't really make clear whether or not these feelings are just the feelings of the men at the time, or if these feelings have stayed with the men ever since.<br />The descriptions of the action are just incredible.  Never before have I seen war from this perspective.  While I have seen graphic descriptions of combat before, this story takes the reader to a much deeper level.  We get to see the fear and the determination of these soldiers, the comradeship that forms among them.  We get to see individual episodes of action in each battle, we see friends die, we see true heroism, and how situations can get messed up in an instant.  We also get to see the foibles of the men, how some of them got drunk at every opportunity, how they dealt with war and what it did to them.  It truly is remarkable.<br />One other thing that is missing in this book, to an extent, is a sense of context to these events.  Ambrose does provide this occasionally, especially when talking about Market Garden and the plight of the British paratroopers in the city of Arnhem, but he's not always successful in doing this.  I wasn't expecting long passages about what was going on elsewhere, but there are times in this book where the action seems very isolated from the war around the men.  It's a very narrow view, and while it is understandable since this isn't a history of the war, it does make the actions of Easy seem a little removed.<br />There are few maps in the book, but they do the job.  They are at the front of the book, and they consist of a map of northern France and England, a close-up map of Utah Beach (the beach behind which Easy dropped on D-Day), a close up view of Market Garden, and close-up view of Bastogne.  They do the job, letting you follow a bit of the action.  I don't know if itwould have been possible, but it would have been nice to see some maps of the cities involved in the battles, so we could get a sense of what the men of Easy were doing in each battle.  But again, that may not have been possible, so I won't hold it against Ambrose.<br />I really liked the chapter talking about the men after the war.  I felt it really solidified the relationship that the reader has with these men.  You have spent the rest of the book getting to know these men and seeing the horrors of war with them, and now you get to find out \\"the rest of the story.\\"  It adds the perfect climax to the book, and reinforces the feeling that this is a personal history of a group of men and not a history of warfare.  Some of the fates are tragic, but most of them just got on with their lives.  It was nice to see.<br />Ultimately, this is a very valuable book for anybody who likes reading about warfare.  It adds a very personal touch to the whole thing.  There aren't long descriptions of blood and guts, but you do see just enough to feel the tension along with these men.  I feel like I know these men, and I'm proud to know them.  They put their lives on the line for freedom, and they did it willingly and without question.  They didn't like it, but they did it anyway.  Seeing their story told in such a manner was a wonderful experience.  So what if it's history lite?  It's a valuable story and it's wonderfully told.  That's all that matters.it would have been possible, but it would have been nice to see some maps of the cities involved in the battles, so we could get a sense of what the men of Easy were doing in each battle.  But again, that may not have been possible, so I won't hold it against Ambrose.<br />I really liked the chapter talking about the men after the war.  I felt it really solidified the relationship that the reader has with these men.  You have spent the rest of the book getting to know these men and seeing the horrors of war with them, and now you get to find out \\"the rest of the story.\\"  It adds the perfect climax to the book, and reinforces the feeling that this is a personal history of a group of men and not a history of warfare.  Some of the fates are tragic, but most of them just got on with their lives.  It was nice to see.<br />Ultimately, this is a very valuable book for anybody who likes reading about warfare.  It adds a very personal touch to the whole thing.  There aren't long descriptions of blood and guts, but you do see just enough to feel the tension along with these men.  I feel like I know these men, and I'm proud to know them.  They put their lives on the line for freedom, and they did it willingly and without question.  They didn't like it, but they did it anyway.  Seeing their story told in such a manner was a wonderful experience.  So what if it's history lite?  It's a valuable story and it's wonderfully told.  That's all that matters.
B00008DDXC|5.0|I ove Harry Potter. Its NOT just 4 kids. It is for Adults too. They make the movies look like they are 4 kids. ut hey if your an adult you will fall in LOVE with those books! i read all of them. IM DYING WAITING FOR THE NEXT ONE TO COME OUT!<br />...
B0000894RZ|5.0|I've known her for over 10 years, from her shocking hit like ' All Around the World' to the recent movie - SWING. I'm almost 30 Yrs old single man, but whenever I hear her voice, I can almost feel the THING, the something special that made me her fan for so long times. OK. I still love Hard Rock, Jazz and recently Classical Concerto stuff. But her music is still enjoyable, refreshing and making me feel like to be a college freshman again. These days, there are so many talent-less singers esp. in USA. She...is still having that THING. If you've been a long-time fan of her like me, you're going to love this CD. If you don't know anything about her, it's definitely worth to try, and surprisingly her 10 yrs old song is actually much better than recent stuff for teen-agers. IMPORTED version also has additional mixed tracks. Also, don't forget to check out my favorite Lisa's album ?Affection &amp; Real Love.
0440237688|5.0|A wonderful book written by Lois Lowery.  The Giver is about a little boy growing up in a very different environment than children are accostomed to today.  The book very discreatly deals with problems facing our world today.  The main character does however encounter one problem.  He must make a decision based on his observations.  Lois Lowery never tells the reader exactly what he decides, instead she leaves the book open-ended for the reader to make up their own mind.
0792164903|5.0|I was actually very pleased with this movie, it had a little bit of everything for everyone. The backgrounds and foggy, rain soacked, atmosphere that Tim Burton portyras are dazzaling. All the characters are perfect and near the end you dont know who to blame for the murders. All in all this movie was very well done and i would definatley recconmend it for anyone.
B00005JKG7|3.0|This is a pretty nice movie, more like a classic.<br />I did not know that and bought it, it is an older movie so it will not shock you with special effects available in current movies...<br />I would recommend renting it before buying it.
6304057709|4.0|This classy adaptation of Jane Austen's novel stars Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet as the Dashwood sisters.  Left out of their father's inheritance, they must rely on finding suitable marriages.  Thompson is the reserved one who feels things deeply, but masks her emotions, while Winslet is the passionate one with the more lively personality.  Both become involved in complicated relationships with men, each pursuing love in their own ways.  Both actresses are terrific in their roles.  Thompson is a particular standout, and the scene at the end when her true emotions surface is a great moment.  The supporting cast of English actors all add greatly to the atmosphere and quality of the film.  Thompson is also the writer, and she incorporates humour and a real grasp of the characters' inner feelings.  The sets and costumes are all perfectly rendered as well.  But what I enjoyed most was how the film communicated what the characters weren't saying.  I appreciate not having everything spelled out for me.
078062582X|5.0|A fun comedy, I would thik made with a pretty low budget, but still worth seeing and if you like Demi Moore it is definetly worth buying it.<BR>In the unrated version you will see some more nude scenes compared to the original.<BR>It is definetly the sexiest movie for Demi Moore's fans.
B000002LSV|5.0|Since over their extended career this Texan music sensation has contributed many musical efforts, only one disc doesn't really do the band any so-called hit justice. In comparison, however, with the majority of compilations available out there, 18 cuts on the CD provide a generous or well above average listing. No question the CD has skipped out such popular cuts like TV Dinners, Stages etc. but at the same time includes their unmistakable famous recordings Tush, Sharp Dressed Man, Legs, Gimme All Your Lovin', Rough Boy, Cheap Sunglasses and La Grange - on their own supplying enough listening excellence for most entertainment audiences. Their version of Viva Las Vegas also has revived my personal Canadian interest (apart from New York of course and countless other American cities distinguished by one or more talented, bustling characteristics) towards a most significant show/entertainment capital of Western society. A 4-Star compilation with minimal complaints and a set deserving to be included among all Rock`N Roll collections. The accompanying `movie producers` displayed on booklet pages no doubt get independent star voting as Miss Musicals of the Year...
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is a must for everyone who likes action movies. I am not a big fan for Keneau Reeves, but this movie is the most anyone could expect from this kind of movies ever, under any point of view.
B000002G87|5.0|This is one of my top 5 rock albums of all time. I won't even bother going through all the songs like I usually do. Quite simply, they are ALL GOOD. This just personifies &quot;essential recording&quot; and no self-respecting fan of classic rock should be without this album! &quot;Layla&quot; and &quot;Bell Bottom Blues&quot; are two of the most emotional songs ever recorded.
0792844882|5.0|I think this is a very sexy movie and that it is all it really wants to be, so for its kind it definetly deserves a good rating.
0061020710|4.0|Since \\"discovering\\" the books on a trip to England about 12 years ago, I've been hooked. The Colour of Magic (English Spelling) is a refreshing, ironic twist on the common fantasy novel - and funny to boot. <br />On re-reading, I had to drop it to 4 stars, only because Terry Pratchett's newer works have raised the bar for writing in general.<br />One of the most famous fantasy series around, they are still fresh with 25+ books so far written. Enjoyable, enigmatic, you even have to think occasionally.<br />Cheers,<br />BilFish
0783225857|5.0|Robert Mulligan hardly directed any films of note, which is what makes To Kill a Mockingbird such a pleasant surprise. It is a stunning film, a fable of fear and prejudice told with striking visual flair. The haunting shadows and eerie hues of Russell Harlan's camerawork evoke the myths and nocturnal fears of childhood, and Elmer Bernstein's quintessentially American score supplements the imagery well, creating a film laden with atmosphere.<br />Harper Lee's story follows a lawyer (Atticus Finch) who puts himself on the line to defend a black man accused of rape in the 1930s deep south, told through the eyes of his two children, who are on a journey of their own to overcome some lesser prejudices of their own. The young Mary Badham and Philip Alford give excellent performances.<br />The subject matter is bold for the time, and there is little evidence of the kind of bowdlerization that plagued many other films of the same, and an earlier, era. The heart of the film is very simple: It wants very earnestly to show us that prejudice and bigotry are nothing but those childhood fears, borne of ignorance, and resolved by those brave enough to step beyond the barriers, confronting their fears, and, in so doing, finding that differences are nothing to be scared of.
0790729725|5.0|These are not men of honor, but ruthless back stabbers who don't hesitate to betray close friends for a few pieces of silver. Ray Liotta splendidly portrays Hill as a man who joins the mob as a teenager for the excitement and fast money. Those like Jimmy Conway (Robert Di Niro) and Tommy De Vito (Joe Pesci) befriend Hill in their own dubious manner.Check out streetbrawls.com for real action Hill looks upon them as brothers, but it seems they merely perceive him as a fellow party animal who aptly carries out his responsibilities to the group. Lorraine Bracco as Karen Hill is a woman who marries her man knowing full well about his dangerous side. Hill introduces his wife to drugs and often places her in harm's way. Their marriage is a never ending dysfunctional disaster. It totally redefines the meaning of family values.<br />This is not a film for someone seeking a romanticized depiction of organized crime. These people are monsters who prey on their fellow citizens.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|Wow, never have I seen a movie that came so close to what it was \\"really\\" like to grow up in the 70's!! The music was like I was sitting on my front porch in 1972, and I was floored!! Unfortunately, not everyone can say they experienced that great time, but this movie is a definate close second! The actors were right on the mark with clothes, and the music was exact. They say you can never go back, but you can (even if for 2 hours) with this movie!!! Bravo Cameron Crowe!!
B000002A3T|5.0|It amazes me how many people consider themselves to be Pink Floyd fans but do not own this CD.  This album clearly demonstrates that Roger Waters was not the only musical genious in the group.  Make no mistake, this is the best Pink Floyd album.  Every song is brilliant and moves the soul without resorting to some of the gimmicks (track 9, Keep Talking, is an exception) and preachy lyrics that Waters employed in his music.  In track 10, Lost for Words, David Gilmour is anything but lost for words and takes an apparent jab at his old bandmate Waters in the final verse.  The song concludes with an irresistable guitar solo.  The final track, High Hopes, will send a chill up your spine and leave you to reflect on chances that you may have blown in your life.  Jerry McCulley's review is way off base.  This album is very different from all of the Pink Floyd albums that preceded it, and thus, it should not be held in the same light.  To say that Divison Bell &quot;is not a great Pink Floyd album&quot;, is simply rediculous.
B00005B36H|1.0|you like listening to a whole lot of nothing for what seems like an eternity. I think I'm the only person who realizes that this album is at least 85% music. That works for some people, but I personally can't stand it.This album sounds like a modern-day regurgitation of the acid-tripping late 60s, early 70s [bad] rock. Such as---and I know I'm going to get crucified for this but---Dark side of the moon and any of the late Beach Boys [stuff.]<BR>I'm sorry, but I need lyrics to accompany my music, and it would be nice if I could here them over all the \\"genious and creativity.\\"
6305627347|5.0|I notice something new every time I watch this movie.
B00005AFMT|4.0|After retiring King Crimson after recording the \\"Red\\" LP in 1974, Robert Fripp felt the group accomplished all it could both musically and lyrically, thus going out with a monstrous bang at that point. Fripp, along with guitarist Adrian Belew, stick bassist/synth player Tony Levin and drumming ace Bill Bruford, reformed a new and revitalized Crimson lineup (with only Fripp and Bruford returning from the previous 1970's lineup) in 1981. This fantastic foursome released three albums in the 1980's, beginning with \\"Discipline\\" (otherwise known as the 'other' \\"Red\\" album). \\"Discipline\\" shows Crimson at its most in-depth and at its most productive musically, even after a nearly seven-year absence, and with half of its lineup including two new members to boot. Fripp demonstrates unique guitar sounds on \\"Discipline\\"'s opening track, \\"Elephant Talk\\", while the rest of the band is solid on \\"Frame By Frame\\". Belew writes some of his most romantically profound lyrics on one of Crimson's more bluesy numbers, \\"Matte Kudasai\\". However, things get more decadently tense on the remaining instrumentals - especially \\"Indiscipline\\", where Fripp, Belew and Bruford each display a virtually insightful musician's clinic, which blends together rather professionally. Ah, but the bass/stick synth talents of Tony Levin need not go unnoticed here on \\"Discipline\\", either, as he brings a jarring presence to the forefront on yet another instrumental, \\"Thela Hun Ginjeet\\". \\"The Sheltering Sky\\" also brings with it its own musical notariety, complete with subtle nuances as deep as the midnight sky. Tony Levin also puts in a noteworthy performance on the latter track as well. The self-titled instrumental (Another one? How discreetly delicious and thoughtful of these guys!) adds yet more depth and \\"Discipline\\" to Crimson's repertoire, and closes out the CD on a strong and positive note. The LP sleeve version of \\"Discipline\\" contains a bonus track, a reprise of \\"Matte Kudasai (alternate version)\\", sort of a continuation of the third track. Of the three albums King Crimson released in the '80's (\\"Discipline\\", \\"Beat\\" and \\"Three of a Perfect Pair\\"), the first and the third offerings make for strong bookends in both the musical and lyrical department, while the middle entry falters due to splattery and disjointed production for the most part (except for \\"Beat\\"'s two strong instrumentals \\"Sartori in Tangier\\" and \\"Requiem\\"). Even though Crimson's usually strong jazz intricacies are neatly tucked away beneath the new wave and bluesy introspections on \\"Discipline\\", it is still the strongest effort of their '80's outings, but still doesn't quite match up with their 1970's musical majestics. So, \\"Discipline\\" yourself to get off of that sofa, and make a trip down to your retailer and purchase this title today. If you miss the bygone era of vinyl-type packaging without the plastic black discs inside, then the LP sleeve packaging of \\"Discipline\\" is definitely the way to go!a continuation of the third track. Of the three albums King Crimson released in the '80's (\\"Discipline\\", \\"Beat\\" and \\"Three of a Perfect Pair\\"), the first and the third offerings make for strong bookends in both the musical and lyrical department, while the middle entry falters due to splattery and disjointed production for the most part (except for \\"Beat\\"'s two strong instrumentals \\"Sartori in Tangier\\" and \\"Requiem\\"). Even though Crimson's usually strong jazz intricacies are neatly tucked away beneath the new wave and bluesy introspections on \\"Discipline\\", it is still the strongest effort of their '80's outings, but still doesn't quite match up with their 1970's musical majestics. So, \\"Discipline\\" yourself to get off of that sofa, and make a trip down to your retailer and purchase this title today. If you miss the bygone era of vinyl-type packaging without the plastic black discs inside, then the LP sleeve packaging of \\"Discipline\\" is definitely the way to go!
B000002UAO|5.0|These words were spoken by Sir Paul McCartney in The Beatles Anthology book.  After a year of touring, another movie and winning the MBE award in England (an honour John was the least of all appreciative), the Beatles found time to record a quality album of all original music, not to mention more innovative and introspective than anything they had ever done before.  Brian Wilson was listening in and was impressed with the quality of each song (it inspired Pet Sounds, which would counter-inspire Sgt Pepper).<br />The lyrics of John's &quot;In My Life&quot; are more mature and intelligent than any love song written at the time.  &quot;Run For Your Life&quot; is just a chauvenistic ditty written by John (who dismissed it as a throwaway, though it is catchy).  &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; is John's 1st non-relationship song, depending on whether or not you count &quot;Help!&quot; (we'll save that for another review).  It was written about himself.  &quot;Girl&quot; is a rather bittersweet song about unrequited love towards a strong-willed woman whom John wonders why he's even interested in.  &quot;Still you don't regret a single day.&quot;  &quot;The Word&quot; is one of the 1st peace and love &quot;hippie&quot; anthems (with a harmonium played by George Martin).  &quot;Norweign Wood&quot; is about an affair John supposedly had with someone while still married to Cynthia (no, not Yoko, as he would meet her the following year) and features for the 1st time in rock history the sitar as played by George.  <br />George gets 2 songs here.  The 1st song is the cynical&quot;Think For Yourself&quot; (heavy on the distortion) which is about a fickle chick (it could be interpreted as being directed at some of the fans George was unimpressed with).  &quot;If I Needed Someone&quot; is more upbeat lyrically (&quot;Carve your number on my wall and maybe you will get a call from me&quot;) and musically (with his jangly 12-string intro).<br />&quot;Drive My Car&quot; is an upbeat piece by Paul.  The upbeat Motown inspired melody complete with a &quot;Beep beep beep beep yeah!&quot; chorus belie a tongue in cheek tale of a woman looking for a good time and gets offered a job as a chauffer (Paul would use this later in drunk driving ads: &quot;If you've been drinking, you can't drive my car or anyone else's!&quot;).  &quot;Michelle&quot; may not be the strongest track (Paul was probably trying to appeal to French speaking fans) but it's catchy enough.  &quot;Wait&quot; was written and recorded during the Help! sessions but found its way on this album.  &quot;You Won't See Me&quot; is a catchy song about unrequited love (penned and sung by Paul).  &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; is a rather bitter song directed at Paul's then-girlfriend Jane Asher with a rare organ solo by Ringo. <br />&quot;What Goes On&quot; (Ringo's sole vocal performance) features the 1st ever partial song credit by Richard Starkey (aka Ringo).  It's basically a country and western style number co-written with John and Paul.<br />Compare this to Help! (not necessarily the US soundtrack which is only 1/2 Beatles music), which was recorded a few months before Rubber Soul, and I guarantee you'll hear the progress!
B000089RVX|5.0|Ok, so im a complete spaz, because up until the video aired on MUCHMUSIC USA, I had never heard of this group. I was up on night pondering the possible uses of spam as A bio weapon, when I noticed a wee pale raven haired lass... scaling a very tall building..in her pajamas no less. well, im embarrassed to admit it, i was intrigued, so i put my spamwhich down and took a listen. well even in the haze of my pre dawn spam induced insomnia, i knew i was hearing something special. The video is breathtaking and i found myself upset, and a little gassy when it ended. i wanted more.  I ran to sam goodies and purchased the album. This is not the norm for me. when it comes to music, im usually more finicky then a 63 year old grandmother with an swollen kankles at a garage sale full of bio degradable knee high hosiery. But because i was so intrigued, i thought that the group deserved to be listend to again... The entire album is a hit. of course i have my favorites, such as \\"Bring Me To life\\". i like it dispite that it was on the daredevil soundtrack and thereby tainted with the name of Ben \\"bezelbub\\" Affleck. The album is consistant. And, Amy Lee has a brilliant voice and has incredible control over it. Songs, like \\"taking over me and My Immortal\\" display the wealth of feeling and talent that went in to making this album. Its an amalgam of haunting Celtic rhythms and edgy guitar grinding and baleful soul singing. Yes it can be described as Sarah Maclachlan meets linkin park... however those are just lables. This group presents a sound that is hypnotic. its like ive been waiting to hear a sound as completely engrossing, yet ruggedly compelling for the longest  time... and until i heard it, i didnt know i was waiting. I recommend the album...but not the spam.
B0000004V2|5.0|I can't explain it. Though I typically check my watch when a tune plays past the three-minute mark, consider guitar noodling a sign of the apocalypse and spent the last decade worshipping at the altar of American indie rock, I think this record, with its arena rock aspirations and 10 minutes tracks, is the best album of the past 20 years. Hands down.    I used to think that my affection for this record had something to do with the fact that I went to school in London during the height of the rave scene. But there's something more here than mere nostalgia. The hype you've heard is all true. Pitch perfect vocals, genius guitar and a rhythm section that almost seems to have invented the drum and bass. But that doesn't begin to explain the magic and joy of this record--the way it transcends a specific time and place and still sounds so relevent. Not a dance record, but so incredibly danceable (even without the drugs). Not a punk record, but with the same earnestness and purity of purpose. Not a pop record, but impossibly catchy. There isn't a bad track on it; in fact, it's a challenge to even choose a favorite. Any one of I Wanna Be Adored, She Bangs the Drum, Sugar Spun Sister, Waterfall or I Am the Resurrection gives any great single in rock history a run for its money. Prophetic of everything that came out of Britain in the following decade, it leaves them all in the dust.     Perhaps the only contemporary band that approaches the layered sound and harmonic complexity of The Stone Roses, The Beta Band, is still a mere shadow (and hey, I think the Beta Band is very cool). Some of the Elephant 6 acts compare when it comes to melodic sophistication and the ability to revive tired psychedelia, but even Neutral Milk Hotel's brilliant In The Aeroplane Over the Sea sounds uneven when you  compare it with the flawless accomplishment of The Stone Roses' debut album.    Needless to say, I consider this an essential recording. As essential as air.
B000002H33|5.0|the title of my review says it all. I can still remember last summer when I got Ride the Lightning. I was really into nu metal but Lightning helped reform me (sigh). Well so much for the reminisincing. Anyway I thought nothing could top Lightning. But I was wrong when i got this masterpiece. This kicks it up another notch from Lightning. It adds a sense of melody, while still keeping it heavy. Heres a song by song review.<br />1.Battery-The acoustic intro is misleading. This track just hits you with such a heavy force. Lars shows off what could be some of his best drumming.<br />2.Master of Puppets-Its eight minutes of Kirk's best riffs. That nice melodic interlude is so wonderfully crafted. It shows how much they have matured (Load and Reload are not maturity)<br />3.Thing That Should Not Be-Darker, slower song. I love this song, but i tend to skip it sometimes.<br />4.Sanitarium-Yep Metallica can make power ballads. The lyrics really paint a picture in your mind. Kirk's opening solo shows a more mellow side of him.<br />5.Disposable Heroes-Eight minute war song. I cant even begin to think how they learned to play this on guitar.<br />6.Leper Messiah-Heavy almost anthem-like. James' voice is just booming with authority. Begins at a normal tempo ends at a quicker one.<br />7.Orion-Enjoyed Call of Ktulu? Youll LOVE this one. So many tempo changes i cant keep up.<br />8.Damage Inc.-Gotta love Cliff's haunting bass intro. That guy really had a sound of his own. Again dont be fooled. This song is even heavier and faster than Battery. The drums are awesome I dont think Lars ever topped his performance on this one.<br />If youre a metalhead this better be the first cd i see in your collection. Its a shame Metallica got so greedy. How id loved to have gone to school when Metallica was all about the fans. Their music had life but that life was killed in late '86 when Cliff died in a bus crash. Justice was good, Black album was average. But anything after that...well theyrerich now so they can have anything their hearts desire. But its too bad we wont get what we desire: the real Metallica. Had this been in '96 i still may have had hope, but with the Napster thing that hope is no more.
B000089RVX|2.0|This is the group that is getting an obscene amount of buzz, for what appears to me to be no apparent reason.  True, Amy Lee has a voice on her, but so do many.  The sterility of the music surrounding her is really surprising.  The overproduction and lackluster guitar work is in perfect evidence.  It's the tired traditional quiet verse-loud chorus given no new spin except for that a female is blasting her lungs out.  Metal shouldn't sound like it has no passion, to put it bluntly, it shouldn't sound ready-made for radio, which sadly this does, and not in a good way.  Whatever, I'm done.
B000002HMH|1.0|i almost wanted to cry. Last summer was my rebirth. I bought Ride the Lightning and all my nu metal cds just went out the window (not literally). Then i got Kill em All. Good, but no Lightning. Then I bought Puppets. It was almost as if Lightning did not exist. That September I started school as a changed man. My need for more Metallica grew and i got Justice and again I thought it rocked, even though Cliff was gone. I finally got the courage to buy the Black album and i thought it was also good. Anyway long story short (bit too late for that huh?) I never really got into wanting to buy Load and Reload, when about a month ago my friend burned me a copy of Load. I decided \\"what the hell\\" I nearly burst into tears to see what my favorite band had become. King Nothing was probably the only decent song. Aint My Bit*h was just [weak.] Bleeding Me was probably the first Metallica song i wanted to end. Until it Sleeps had a music video?!? 2x4 had gone by without me knowing. House That Jack Built? Dont even ask. I was in denial for awhile, but then i heard I Dissappear on the radio and i knew tha Metallica had sold out. There was no denying it...Why couldnt i be a teen in the '80s? When Metallica was Metallica? When they made no MTV videos, werent rich, no Bob Rock, no short hair, and James had Kill Bon Jovi taped on his guitar (which baffles me why they got Bob Rock, Bon Jovi's producer) Instead Im stuck with airhead teens that think Linkin Park and Avril Lavigne are cool. The more I hear Avril on the radio the more i know that metal will die out. Change is needed my friends. Change is needed......
B0000041Q3|3.0|The title of the review says it all.  Sutherland is MISCAST.  She has a beautiful voice, but she is no Nilsson.  Her high notes pale in comparison with Nilsson's.  Dramatically, she is also miscast.  Here is a comparison between Sutherland's performance on this set and Nilsson's performance on her first recording of the opera.  After Calaf answers the first riddle, Nilsson sounds annoyed and condescending. Sutherland just sounds mad.  Sutherland's \\"In questa reggia\\" sounds strained compared to Nilsson's version. Nilsson sounds appropriately aloof and powerful. Sutherland fails to sound aloof and powerful.  The phrase \\"Non tentar la fortuna\\" is handled powerfully by Nilsson. Nilsson sounds sincere when telling Calaf to not attempt the riddles.  Sutherland, on the other hand, sounds strained by the tessitura. Therefore, the phrase does not convey the appropriate meaning. Nilsson's high notes are rock-solid. Sutherland's high notes are weak in comparison.  So many Sutherland fans say that Nilsson fails to melt in the last duet. This is FALSE.  She melts as well as one could hope for.  Nilsson's last high note, on the word \\"amor\\", is rock-solid and perfectly pitched as it soars to heaven. Sutherland's high note starts off shaky and only becomes focused at the end. To state it simply, Sutherland is taxed by Turandot's high tessitura, most of the part is written around high C, and she is out of place dramatically. Also, Sutherland never sang Turandot on stage.  Therefore, to call this set the first choice for this opera is ridiculous.<br />The rest of the cast is fantastic. Unfortunately, with Sutherland on board, this set cannot really be recommended with a clear conscience. I find Pavarotti to be an excellent Calaf.  In my opinion, he is equal to Björling in this role.  His voice is also bigger than Björling's. Caballé makes an excellent Liù.  She is better than the estimable Tebaldi.  Tebaldi is good, but Caballé is astounding.  Her excellent phrasing, peerless vocal control, and ravishing pianissimos make her unbeatable in this role. And of course, she has an unbelievably beautiful voice. Mehta is the best conductor for \\"Turandot\\". His pacing is absolutely perfect.  Climaxes sound excitingly loud. Besides Caballé, this set has only one other advantage over Nilsson's first recording of \\"Turandot\\".  That is the sound. RCA's Living Stereo sound is congested and the climaxes are weak.  Nilsson's huge voice was done an injustice by the sound. Decca has superb sound. If only Nilsson could have recorded her second \\"Turandot\\" with Pavarotti, Caballé, and Mehta instead of with Scotto, Corelli, and Molinari-Pradelli. Of course, we all know that Caballé is superior to Scotto and Mehta is a far better conductor than Molinari-Pradelli. It's personal preference regarding Pavarotti and Corelli.
B00005NNU4|5.0|I am not a music critic (but I play one online). Shame on all the   so-called critics who ignored this great album because it was not released by a major record label.<BR>I am a loyal fan of Terence Trent D'Arby (TTD) aka<BR>Sananda Maitreya. The Wild Card opens with TTD's trademark intro/trailer that essentially sums up what the album is all about.<BR>\\"...Fundamentally sound my karma's coming round, fundamentally blue<BR>except when I'm with you my soul's excited\\", he sings in<BR>a mellow voice accompanied by what sounds like a<BR>banjo (to my untrained non- music critic's ears)<BR>before launching into \\"O Divina\\", a paean to women and<BR>to all those positive stereotypically feminine<BR>traits \\"...Perhaps you've seen her or been her or are<BR>her.\\" The somewhat jazzy big band sound of this first<BR>cut is a fitting opening for a collection of love<BR>songs that celebrate femininity in all its incarnations.<br />Throughout the album TTD's singing is mature and<BR>self-assured; not flashy and full of inappropriate vocal<BR>pyrotechnics without true feeling a la Aguilera et al. He<BR>hits the high notes only when required and uses the<BR>full range of his voice to great effect including his<BR>falsetto, which is probably passé in this age of<BR>rediscovered machismo. This is soul singing at its finest. He<BR>is not afraid to bare his feelings <BR>with a vulnerability that harkens back to the golden<BR>age of soul music. Otis Redding, the original \\"Mr.<BR>Pitiful\\" would be proud. <BR>All of the familiar TTD themes<BR>are here - spirituality, lost love, loneliness, hope<BR>redemption, positivity. Happily, there is no profanity or<BR>dissing of women and no references to \\"booty\\" or<BR>\\"thongs\\". This is thinking man's soul music that you can<BR> use to nourish  friends who are fond of junk food<BR>but occasionally need and appreciate home cooking.<BR>This is music that will stay with you long after the<BR>song has ended, full of poetry and wonder and<BR>surprisingly lacking in rancour or any hint of bitterness (which would be understandable given that an artist with his talent can't get a major label record deal).<BR>He invites us in to his \\"Dark Places\\", a recurring<BR>theme for TTD, to assist in \\"slaying my dragons by<BR>trying to love them\\" but he doesn't wallow there.<BR>Instead there is a candle burning, redemption at the end.<BR>Which suggests that by confronting our demons we can<BR>overcome them. And if all else fails just \\"Go on an let<BR>your scream out\\". And he does on the \\"Inner Scream\\"- a<BR>soul scream like Aretha's \\"Amazing Grace\\" or Al Green's<BR>\\"Belle \\" that is ultimately healing and redemptive<BR> <BR> The aptly titled Sweetness opens with a breathtaking chills down the spine intro, \\"s-iiii-n-g your magic spell into my ear...\\" And<BR>sing he does.. This is one of those<BR>songs that remind us of the power of music to inspire<BR>and to heal. \\"I find a shelter in your wings\\" and \\"if<BR>it were not for your sweetness, I would not know who<BR>I am \\" Be Willing continues the uplifting<BR>spirituality theme. The way he emphasizes \\"RE\\" in<BR>\\"fearlessness is a fountain that RE decorates the dark\\" and the<BR>little flourishes throughout this song are reminiscent<BR>of Aretha's sometimes quirky but always effective phrasing.<BR>One of the stronger songs that showcase<BR>the beauty and strength of his voice and poetry is Shadows. Like<BR>Stevie Wonder on Songs in the Key of Life, promising<BR>love \\"until the day that Mother Nature says her work<BR>is through\\" in Shadows TTD promises in a more<BR>eloquent fashion to stick around until \\" your shadows<BR>disappear\\". Comparisons to Stevie however highlight one<BR>aspect of TTD that is missing from this album - there is<BR>none of Stevie's Living for the City anger. TTD invites us<BR>in to his dark places but we never really get to see<BR> them. <BR>As promised in the intro the album showcases a mature confident artist expressing his soul's excitement at the never-ending wonder that is life. This is a wonderful album!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Absolutely flawless album. This is what rock is all about. Eddie Van Halen is uindeniably the best guitarist ever.
0812550706|5.0|I'm not going to give a plot summary since about every other review serves to do that.  All I can say is after about the third chapter I could not put this book down.  This is saying a lot, considering that the chapters are short, as Card does an excellent job introducing his characters quickly and effectively.  Kids will like this book because of the games that the children play in the book.  However, the deeper meaning behind this book is what makes it so interesting.  Card does not simply infuse his commentary on politics, war, emotion, and reason.  Rather, he depicts a character that embodies much of the human struggle, and allows the reader to sympathize.  Without giving too much away, Card makes us question if it is possible to acheive greatness while remaining innocent.  On a side note, I must admit that my favorite part of the book had nothing to do with Ender or the games.  I loved those parts too, but the most interesting thing to me was how his siblings gathered power as political writers on internet boards.  <br />One thing a more perceptive reader of this book will pick up on is that there is no inherently evil character.  All the so-called \\"bad\\" characters are antagonists merely because they overemphasize one aspect of human nature or because of misunderstandings.  I wanted to keep this short and that I will do, only saying that this book raises many questions without too much emphasis on answering them.  A good read with great questions, I definately recommend it.
B00000I8BX|5.0|Fear Factory are either my favourite or one of my favourite Heavy metal bands. This Industrial Death Metal band used to be Death Metal, present in their first album and concrete album. But when they got the additional electronic sounds, it got much better. This is prob one of the best heavy metal cds done, the beginning is amazing with shock and edgecrusher. (notice the double bass). Fear Factory are maybe the only band that can fuse drums , base, and guitar at the Same time, and thats pretty impressive with the double bass drums. With the extra tracks its even better, the remake of Cars by Gary Numan is amazing.
B0000029GA|5.0|OK, some cats come on here saying don't believe the hype, or that the album lacks beats, but they don't know what they're talking about.  One cat even had the temerity to compare the Illmatic Nas to Eminem.  To question the beats on this album is to show your stupidity in relation to the hip hop game.  DJ Premier is known as one of, if not the best producer ever along with Dre.  One is the best on the east, the other on the west.  Large P is also thorough on the beats, and this album has nothing but the best beats.  The lyrics are fresh, hungry, and still steeped in the streets. <br />The best albums in hip hop history all came out right around the same time : 1994.  Illmatic, Ready to Die, Southernplayalistik, Illadelph Half Life and Reasonable Doubt each vie for that title.  In reality, it comes down to the debut albums from the Kings of NY, BIG and Nas.  BIG had filler on his album, and stupid skits.  Illmatic is just pure hip hop from beginning to end.  A 40 minute oasis of what hip hop should always strive to be.  A window to the streets combined with storytelling ability and lyrics that weave themselves together seamlessly.  <BR>New York is Hip Hop, and this is the best NY has ever produced.<br />Don't ever forget, this album is widely acknowledged as the finest in the history of hip hop by all the wisest rap scholars.  You think some joker from Toronto or Washington State knows more about hip hop and what's raw than the sages of hip hop culture?  I think not.
B00005A46T|3.0|I thought this cd was good, but the Slipknot album had a much better sound to it, though there are some really good songs like ...Heretic Anthem. As a maggot of Slipknot I expected the same nine man band line up, and agression that this Des Moins band holds, and you still get that on the album Iowa. I hope that their next album will be better.
6305252521|5.0|This is one of the best, most original movies I have ever seen. The movie is about a man (Jim Carrey) who is the main star of a TV show that he doesn't even know he's on. Taken from an unwanted pregnacy, starting from even before birth, he's been on this show, rightfully called The Truman Show. Eventually he starts noticing things that are a little weird, and finally figures out that there is something going on and he's the only one that isn't in on it. Watch to see what happens, you won't regret it.
B0000033WC|5.0|I'll preface this by saying that I started listening to the Velvet Underground after buying the High Fidelity soundtrack and hearing &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; elsewhere.  So originally I bought it for 3 songs, and now enjoy nearly every one of them (sorry, but &quot;Hold your Head up High&quot; just doesn't fly with me).<br />The first disk, up to track 10, is the original &quot;Loaded&quot; album.  Excellent stuff!  The remainder of this disk is mostly unreleased tracks and 2 early versions of &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;  and &quot;Hold your Head of High.&quot;<br />I believe I enjoy the second disk more than the first.  The second contains outtakes and rare takes of the first cd.  Favorite track has to be the &quot;Sweet Jane (early version)&quot;, if only because it has 800% more cowbell than anything else ever produced.  <br />Sloppy at times, but always entertaining, this cd will probably not the area surrounding my CD player for quite a while.
B00008JLKL|4.0|I just need to quickly mention that it's rather difficult to describe this kind of music in words. Ask amazon.com to put up short clips. Here's a very general description: Era is medieval chants mixed with classical music with a modern twist to it.<br />The CD starts with \\"The Mass\\", which is basically a slightly uplifting remix of \\"Divano\\" (off the Era 2 album) with samples from Carl Orff's \\"O' Fortuna\\". <br />Vocalist Lena Jinnegren (from Era 2) returns on the next track called \\"Looking for Something\\". Both the lyrics and music are fresh, simple, brilliant, and uplifting. Lena also sings on the next song, \\"Don't Go Away\\". It starts with a male solo and gradually works up to the entire choir, then to the vocal performance. This song is currently featured on the official Era website if you want a glimpse. It sounds a bit more contemporary to me, and will probably get a lot of playtime on the radio.<br />\\"Don't You Forget\\" is rather unique. It's a soft and quiet song that starts out with two English adolescents, boy and girl, talking to one another. Brilliant lyrics and the entire song is based on \\"Don't U\\" off the Era 2 album.  Vocals by Lena Jinnegren. \\"If You Shout\\" has a more pop/modern feel to it mixed together with Gregorian chants and has a bit of electric guitars in it as well. In my opinion, this track sounds more mainstream than the rest of the songs on the album. Vocals by Lena Jinnegren. <br />The next track, \\"Avemano\\", is literally identical to the original version appearing on the first Era album. \\"Enae Volare\\", though, has been remixed to give it a more fresh feeling. It is much more uplifting than the original and has more vocal effects and electric guitars in it. In short, it just sounds more \\"modern\\" than the original on the first Era CD. \\"Sombre Day\\" is a classical music piece. It contains no vocals or chants. Nothing special about it. It's dark and deep. \\"Voxifera\\" is another  piece heavily influenced by classical music. Mixed together with the choir it packs a lot of energy and gives you the feeling as though you're right there, in a concert hall sitting so close to the stage.<br />\\"The Champions\\" is also heavily influenced by classical music. The pace is greater than \\"Voxifera\\", and it also has trumpets as well as other classical instruments.   <br />Overall this is a very interesting album. I definitely recommend it to anyone who bought Era stuff in the past, and even to mainstream listeners who are just looking for something different. The only thing I really didn't like about this album is the way it was mixed. My goodness, you think that musicians at least listen to the final result. Most of the tracks on this CD are squashed in terms of dynamic range and the music distorts often. What a shame :(
B000000WJZ|5.0|This album absolutely defines 90's alternative rock.  They have a sound that has not been heard before nor can be imitated.  Billy Corgan can rock hard or sing with a soft sound that touches your soul. It's full of catchy pop songs but that's not a bad thing!  And I just love the way he harmonizes with bandmember D'arcy on a few of the songs.  It's not often that the male/female harmony works so well in rock. It's reminds me of few songs by the band &quot;X&quot;.  I believe this is their best album and the best alternative band of the 90's by far.
B000000WJZ|5.0|With the release of the incredibly underrated Gish, The Smashing Pumpkins instantly became one of the most fascinating indie acts to emerge from the late 80s.  However, while the debut LP succeeded in delicately crafting a unique blend of grungy guitars and MBV dream pop aspirations, Gish still barely scratched the surface of the Pumpkins' wildly ambitious core.  It wasn't until the band's following LP, Siamese Dream, that the Pumpkins' amazing potential fully gave way to an aural avalanche of achievement.  With Butch Vig at the production console and group tensions running at an all time high, the gushing torrents of emotions and talent struck a perfect, hypnotizing harmony.  The guitars flow with staggering might, the drums pound with menacing precision, and Billy Corgan's voice rings out in a shrill, sweet angst ridden declaration.  And yet somehow, all the dozens of layered riffs and piles of synthesized distortion manage to create something supremely beautiful at the heart of their frenzy, channeling despair and anguish into hopeful introspection instead of direction-less aggression.  This unnatural blend of hope and despair, beauty and power is idyllic to the point of surrealism, soothing the senses in a way that defies description.  The songs contained within this single disc symbolize a dawning of acceptance and a realization of emotional equilibrium, but most important of all, Siamese Dream marked the point when The Smashing Pumpkins changed from being great to truly awe inspiring.  Still the single greatest triumph of Corgan's tortured adolescent soul, Siamese Dream will forever stand as one of Indie Rock's most inspiring masterpieces, destined to prod the imaginations and massage the souls of countless generations to come.
B00008977N|3.0|I love this concert.  At least the VHS version.  I have been waiting for this DVD for two years and I am very dissapointed. The grainy video is distracting, and the concert is different than my VHS version. The tempo is not the same, and the energy seems less intense.  I guess if I hadn't watched the VHS version so much I wouldn't care, but I love that video.  Maybe one problem is the Dolby 5.1 mix which (on my system) supresses Paul Cole, which is a big negative to me.  It is still one of the greatest concerts ever (IMHO). Guess new isn't always better...
B00003CX9S|4.0|Absolutely wonderful! A must see film. The story of John Merrick is an incredibly touching and though provoking. Everybody is great in his or her roles. Beautifully shot and produced.
B00005JKHN|5.0|This is the best of the Fairy Tale films Disney has ever done, with Beauty and the Beast a close second. The thing that makes this the best is the Villian, Malificent. She is still the best villain they have created and so far has never been topped.<BR>The songs are lovely AND until The Little Mermaid and beyond was the first time they gave the prince a name besides \\"Charming\\" as well as a good character instead of just being there to get the girl at the end....and his horse Samson is wonderful.<BR>Simply a delight.<BR>I do have one comment about the review of the foreign DVD 2-disc set.<BR>Sadly there is NO guarantee that what has been released in Europe will be what we get in the US and vice-versa. For example the Legend DVD here in the US is far superior to the European release, with more extras etc.. And the Brotherhood of the Wolf DVD released in Canada is a 2 or 3-disc set instead of the one disc we got here in the US.<BR>So watch this listing and make sure this has what you want before you just assume it will have the extras they get across the big pond....
B00000DFSK|5.0|First and foremost this is a great album full of 14 of their most well-known singles from their first decade of their career and shwocased the pinnacle that they reached with 1987's &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; with unforgettable anthems like &quot;With Or Without You&quot;, &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, and &quot;Where The Streets Have No Name&quot; and also lifted some tracks from their critically panned &quot;Rattle &amp; Hum&quot;. There are also many great songs outside of these albums too like &quot;Bad&quot;, and &quot;New Years DaY&quot;. <br />However, I feel that this CD hardly offers anything new outside &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot; which I don't find all that remarkable by U2 standards. This CD almost feels like it was rushed and sloppily put together by means of shortening some of the songs and it ruins them by doing that. They could've put in &quot;Gloria&quot; and some songs from &quot;October&quot; too. However, while I don't recommend this edition, I highly recommend going for the 2-CD edition of this album with the second CD of 15 B-Sides as they are great songs. Still overall, I must say that this album was better executed than the 1990-2000 collection was.
B000001FE0|5.0|Despus de 3 excelentes discos (First-Horizontal-Idea, sin considerar los 2 australianos), los Bee Gees alcanzan su madurez y su punto mximo de creatividad en 1969 con Odessa. En medio de problemas internos que terminaran luego en una breve separacin, los hermanos Gibb, Barry con 22 aos y Maurice y Robin con slo 19, entregan en este disco grandes temas con una densidad y orquestacin pocas veces escuchadas antes. Pese a ser un lbum doble alcanz el puesto 20 en EE.UU. y el 10 en Inglaterra, transformndose en el ltimo xito de su etapa &quot;clsica&quot; (1969-1973). Entre las canciones la ms destacada es Odessa, que con siete minutos y medio demostr que ellos tambin podan hacer largos y elaborados temas sin caer en la monotona. Resaltan tambien Melody Fair, I Laugh In Your Face y Never Say Never Again, aunque en realidad casi todas las canciones aportan, tal vez los 3 temas instrumentales sean excesivos, pero al mismo tiempo le dan a Odessa ese toque monumental que el tiempo se ha encargado de reforzar. No slo el mejor trabajo de los Bee Gees, sino uno de los mejores del Pop de los aos 60's.
B00006AFUR|5.0|30 Seconds to Mars is a great band and their self-titled debut album proves it. I love this album, because it has a sound similar to the one produced by bands like Orgy or Deadsy, only heavier. \\"Capricorn\\" is the big single of the album, but it's hardly the best. The songs on this album are pretty heavy, like I said before, but with the industrial death pop sound mixed in, it manages to actually be pretty relaxing at the same time. \\"Buddha for Mary\\" and \\"Year Zero\\" are just a couple of the amazing songs on this CD. The lyrics are pretty deep, but the vocals really stand out in this album. Don't pass 30 Seconds to Mars up. Their album is definently worth a listen. Catchy, deep, full of electronic music with still a heavy tone, and fun at the same time, I give this CD five stars.
B000005ITX|4.0|I've noticed a pattern among rock groups of varying permanence and talent. Just about all the groups that started out raw back in the late sixties developed into major contributors to American culture, or at least classic rock. Witness: The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Who, Love and The Yardbirds. All started out sounding like they recorded their first few albums in your garage....but after perhaps two or three albums, all these groups developed a polish that they never lost, and often improved to the point where they became legends.<br /><br />Other groups were not so lucky, especially those groups that came out with truly stellar or very good first albums, PHENOMENAL second ones, but then lost it after the second. The Bee Gees, (though they survived and improved much later,) Cream, Hendrix, The Mothers, The Doors, and 70s groups like Heart, Angel and Fleetwood Mac are examples of this type....<br /><br />Love started out with a completely basic first album with very few, if ANY hummables on it, then came their second and you could see flashes of genius in original songs like \\"7 and 7 Is\\" and \\"Stephanie Knows Who\\"...then came their masterpiece, an album with NOTHING but hummables on it..<br /><br />\\"Forever Changes\\" pretty much shows that Love pretty much paralleled The Who in development in the early years of both groups...putting out a VERY raw first album, a second album that was a quantum improvement on it, and then following it with their all out number! Both albums were much more orchestrated than the preceding two for both groups...were both somewhat conceptual in nature, in the case of the Who's \\"Sell Out\\", parodying pirate radio stations and AM aesthetics in general was the theme, in the case of \\"Forever Changes\\", observing the passing scene seems to be the theme, as the group comments on people they've known, political mindsets they don't like and the condition of society on the whole.<br /><br />Arthur Lee and another edition of Love came out with a follow-up album after this called \\"Four Sail\\" that you'll be hard pressed to find, but you can hear the pick of the album in the John Cusack movie \\"High Fidelity\\"<br /><br />\\"Forever Changes\\" isn't like any other album of the era, with the possible exception of the first Spirit album, (Bryan MacLean even bears a resemblance to Randy California!) And it's NOTHING like any of the albums of its label, Elektra, which, at the time, was THE counterculture bastion for music by the likes of Judy Collins, The Doors, Tim Buckley, The MC5 and a HUGE mistake in concept, a group named \\"Clear Light\\". This is a label that shot itself in the foot by later adopting groups like Bread and Queen, until they turned into just another record label trying to make money any cheezy way they could.<br /><br />\\"Forever Changes\\" is a relic of a more innnocent time!led \\"Four Sail\\" that you'll be hard pressed to find, but you can hear the pick of the album in the John Cusack movie \\"High Fidelity\\"     \\"Forever Changes\\" isn't like any other album of the era, with the possible exception of the first Spirit album, (Bryan MacLean even bears a resemblance to Randy California!) And it's NOTHING like any of the albums of its label, Elektra, which, at the time, was THE counterculture bastion for music by the likes of Judy Collins, The Doors, Tim Buckley, The MC5 and a HUGE mistake in concept, a group named \\"Clear Light\\". This is a label that shot itself in the foot by later adopting groups like Bread and Queen, until they turned into just another record label trying to make money any cheezy way they could.    \\"Forever Changes\\" is a relic of a more innnocent time!
B000002MZ6|5.0|Mike Oldfield's Songs of Distant Earth has got to be one of the most incredible CDs of this type of music that I have ever experienced and it IS an experience not just music to listen to.<BR>This cd enhances just about any situation you find yourself in, be it romance <wink..wink> or just relaxing. ...<BR>I learned of this cd watching a documentary about interactive music cd's back in the early days but it doesn't work on my pc, my only regret, but the music more than makes up for it.. I can make my own interactions!!  :)<BR>Enjoy!
B00008LDPU|5.0|I don't even like anime that much.  But I am a HUGE fan of the Matrix.  After seeing the two shorts that are currently available at [the website] I have to have this DVD.  Running time is a bit short, but it's packed with extra features.<br />If you're a fan of the Matrix, get this now.
0671027344|5.0|This book is one of those books you just can't put down. My friend started reading it and then i borrowed it before she was done, so when i got started she was like AHH I NEED IT BACK so i was just completely in suspense until she finished it. but once i got it. i was like pure reading all the time. in every class at school, on the bus, when i got home, until i finished it and even then i just didn't want to put it down. I totally want Stephen Chbosky to write another book because his writing is just soooo incredibly amazing. It is so beautiful i just wanted to experience every aspect of charlie's life. get this book..you'll never put it down. in fact i've read it 4 times now and it still is amazing and beautiful...
0316666343|1.0|I can't believe I did.  And I can't understand why this book has stayed on the best-seller list for as long as it has.  I finished it only because I hate to not finish books.  I didn't care a hoot whether or not the murderer was caught.  And guess what?  He wasn't.  What a lame ending.
0062515675|1.0|The book is a mish-mash of meditation techniques (like \\"mindfullness\\"), cogitive self-help (\\"think positive thoughts\\"), time managment (make a list of things you have to do), and common sense (exercise and diet).  Mostly a waste of time, though a few little aphorisms did stick in my mind. For example: most people on theoir death beds do not say \\"I wish I had spent more time at the office.\\"  If you are interested in any of these self help techniques you would do better to buy a book specifically on that method. Sharma is not a charlatan, but definitely on that side of the spectrum of self help gurus.
0425098478|5.0|This is quick reading for people who have to manage others. Much of it is just reconfirming prior notions you probably already held, such as respect others, but there are also creative ways to manage that are portayed here. I would say all managers should take a glance here because it only takes an hour and a half to read anyways.
B00005J6T0|4.0|True Blue was Madonnas third album and probably one of her most important album of her career. It would tell wether she could still continue her sucess as a major pop star.<br />She proved it and True Blue produced 5 hit singels. There of 3 us no. 1 hits and became the queen of pops biggest selling album of new material. <br />True Blue opens with the albums biggest hit Papa Don´t Preach, a great track written by Brian Elliot and has become one of all time 80´s classic. <br />Open Your Heart is a great pop dance track that is now all time classic Madonna song. Britney Spears performed it at the movie Crossroads and is one of the best tracks of this album ( the video is also nice). <br />White Heat is the third song. The song was never released as a single but deserved to be a top 10 hit. <br />Live To Tell was Madonnas second ballad to become a hit single and it´s one of the greatest Madonna tracks and is almost 6 minutes long. <br />Where´s The Party as the title says it all. A great party track that is easy to dance to.<br />True Blue. The title track. Not very good song. It supposed to have a late 50´s early 60´s wibe to it and suceeds perfectly but she sings it awfully.<br />La Isla Bonita. The song never hit no.1 but has become one of Madonnas classic hit. She performed it at her last tour ( the horrible Drown World tour)<br />Jimmy Jimmy. The Worst track on the album. They should have skipped that one. But it´s fun song anyway.<br />Loves Makes The World Go Round. This song sounds a lot like Where´s the Party. It adds more salsa sounds to it and is a really good track.<br />Overall True Blue is one of Madonnas best album. A Lot better than it´s predicessor Like A Virgin ( which is just painful to listen). The songwriting is a lot better. She works with Patrick Leonard who knows how to compose and produce brilliantly and her old buddy Stephen Bray. Why doesn´t she use them more because she is doing horrible music today. <br />Anyway a great pop albumthat is worth the buy. Thank You
B000066F6H|1.0|People are running around saying how cool. Why? This is not artistic. This is .... A complete waste of my time to listen to (all nearly 30 minutes of music--aka EXTREMELY short CD). There may be some talent here, but it needs to be honed by a serious sound engineer and some brilliant producers. That's all I have to say about that.
B000002UAR|3.0|A Lot of things has been said about Beatles Revolver. Most people will say that its their best album. I have to admit I dont like this album as much as I Like Sgt Peppers And Abbey Road. The only songs i really liked were Im Only Sleeping, I Love You To, She Said, She Said, And Your Bird Can Sing and Tomorrow Never Knows. I Though the songwriting wasnt up to pair and they relie more on production and experimental than songwriting and often it becomes anoying and not to enjoyable. As much as  I Liked Rubber Soul Revolver isnt very good follow - uP. Luckily they released Sgt Peppers a much better album which doesnt relie on being so psychadelic or forgettable.
B00005JKNC|5.0|Jim Carrey continues to amaze as his acting skills develop. The film was additionally informative...my teenage daughter had only heard of McCarthyism through history textbooks...now she knows first-hand of the witch hunts of the 50's.<br />A truly poignant movie.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt Peppers released in the summer of love became one of the most succesful,influentia,critical aclaimed albums ever made and still sounds fresh to day as it did 36 years ago.<br />All The songs here are really good. Nice good rock and pop songs with all kinds of instruments and great arrangements. The Beatles outdid themselves on Sgt Peppers. Do I Have to mention the cover art. Classic<br />Sgt Peppers Lonely Heart Club´s Band is a classic album that everyone should have because it´s not just one of the most influential rock n roll records of all time. It´s also one of the best albums ever.<br />The Beatles have two album in my top 10 list. This one and their greatest achievement Abbey Road. The Beatles were a fantastic band and are not overhyped nor overrated by any means.<br />Overall a fantastic album 10/10. Sgt Peppers is a must have.
B000006ZGF|5.0|This CD proves that the Gibbs have the amazing ability to keep making new, incredibly beautiful music. The new songs use different kinds of backgrounds, all beautiful. The CD is filled with wonderful new sounds and I could listen all day. This is the best ever!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Great collection of The Beatles no.1 hits. From 1963-1970.<br />What can we say about The Beatles that hasn´t been said before. They made great songs. They revolutionized the music industry. They are the influential band in history of rock n´roll and what more. They´re ...fantastic.<br />This is not a collection of all their hits. Just no.1 hits so for those who weren´t satisfied with this collection and said it didn´t include some of the best songs. Why bother to buy it. It sayes no.1 on it and is supposed to be collection of no.1´s anyway a great collection if you are starting on the beatles.
0553103547|4.0|I am not about to call this the best series ever.  Too many people did that with Jordan's 'Wheel of Time,' and are embarrassed about it now.  I will say that this is the most 'post-modern' work of the fantasy genre.  Sci-Fi looked like it was running away with it (don't believe me? read Ursula Leguin's preface to 'The Left Hand of Darkness.'<br />Heroes that begin to take on mythic proportions are not guaranteed to make it to the end of the book.  Villains that have every possible vice are not necessarily beyond redemption as the story goes on.  Remind you of any large western hemisphere nation since the Kennedy assassination?<br />Martin scrupulously avoids 'deus ex machina' cheats to keep his plot-line going.<br />I'm witholding judgment on the entire series until it's completed, but I IMPLORE Martin not to follow the example of Robert Jordan.  Finish this project soon, and then create another (pre-quels, fine; same world, different time period with new characters, fine), but don't bolt this one down to the &quot; 'Rack' of Time.&quot;<br />Read it, enjoy it, and take a breath of fresh-air.  This one is worth the time spent.
B0000004V2|5.0|What Can I Say. This album puts you in a good mood.<br />The Stone Roses selftitled Album is one of the best album i´ve ever purchased in my entire life. It is definately a 5 star album. Every song is flawless. The production is amazing. The music and the lyric are brilliant and the performance is a top notch. <br />You cant imagine after you have listened to it that it was recorded in just a few days with very limited budget because it is so well put together and produced. <br />This is a must buy for every music lover out there and if you don´t have this album in your record collection you must buy it now because you won´t regret it. The Stone Roses made an ultimate classic album that they should be proud of. Even if they never followed it with another great album.
B000075BFK|5.0|First of all, people need to learn to make up their own minds.  I must admit that I was one that was hesitant to purchase this cd because of all of the negative comments that surrounded it.  I will admit that at first listen you are immediately given a weird feeling at some of the arrangements of some of the songs.  But when you listen to the cd again you instantly see how relevant a man like Tupac Shakur still is today.  I am a huge fan of Tupac (and to everyone that thinks he's coming back, honor his memory... not a mirage!)<br />The cd is very tight!!  People have said that they don't support Trick Daddy and Tupac on a song together, but the song is tight! <BR>Furthermore, to address the Nas/Pac situation, Pac \\"squashed\\" that with Nas before he died.  Fatal(of Pac's \\"Outlawz\\")said that he was with Pac at the MTV awards and Pac told Nas that 'some stuff is about to go down and just don't get involved'.  People need to understand that Pac was a fighter, but he was far more verbal in his assaults.  He also understood the power of media and used it to his advantage.  He even knew that \\"Biggie\\" didn't have anything to do with his shooting.  If everyone listens, they'll know that he was upset with \\"Big\\" because he felt like \\"Biggie\\" knew that they were going to harm him and he didn't warn him.  So all of this about \\"Biggie\\" being a better rapper or Pac being a better rapper c'mon ya'll that's apples and oranges.  We need to support Pac in any thing that he does...Period!  The cd is banging just listen to it.  It really grows on you and you need to understand that these producers tirelessly put forth their best efforts for Pac.  Of course everyone isn't going to like it.  For the diehards, it's a must have.  Some of the banging tracks are: still ballin', when we ride on our enemies, changed man, fair exchange (both mixes), military minds (don't sleep on it), mamma's just a little girl, never b peace, whatcha gonna do, late night, thugz mansion, my block, better dayz...hell I told you it's tight.  Listen to it twice!!!!!!!!!!     Pac lives on in our hearts!!
B000002TQV|5.0|released in 1995. The Bends became one of the most dearing, ambitious and interesting albums of the decade and earned Radiohead huge applaud from critics and music fans world-wide.<br />The compositions are amazing, lyrically it´s flawless. The perform the music so well, the production is top notch.<br />It still sounds fresh today as it did 8 years ago and every song on it is flawless. It´s Radiohead most strongest yet most accesible album.<br />It´s heavy, it´s fun, sad, poetic , unique and beautiful.<br />An All time great album that everybody needs to have in their record collection.
B000004712|5.0|Those whose disapprove of the CD are tasteless and need a jazz tutorial. Herbie Hancock is my fav. pianist since the deaths of the late Eroll Garner and Duke Ellington. <br />Herbie has refined his masterful style with New Standard. In the opening track (the best) the warm and deep ambiance brings a setting to the dynamic improvisation Herbie provides while Jack effortlessly puts down the beat with heat. Mr. Brecker was impressive if not suburb. John was better with Miles Davis (when Mike Stern played also) but still is superior to other jazz guitarists. The second grove is intricate. Noriegh Wood is an atmospheric ballad and refreshing after such scenic play. After that it's yours to decide. But if you want to listen to a virtuoso showcase of the now greatest pianist to walk the surface of the earth. Hugely recommend the Dejohette, Hancock, Holland, Metheny in Concert. You will be awe-inspired by the inexplicably stellar music played. The video/dvd is all you will need if requiring entertainment. Anyway this CD should be another weapon in your jazz arsenal.
B000089CJI|4.0|This is not Death Cab for Cutie, any attempts to make any connections will be rendered useless. Despite having 1/2 of Death Cab for Cutie, it bares minimal similarities. Most of them lie in the vocal stylings of Ben Gibbard, even then, he does not quite have the breathy sweet airyness I have become such a fan of. Having Gibbard not as guest, but a full fledged member of the Postal Service, the lyrics are stunningly weak but do not impede on the general mood of songs or even quality. Despite that, this is the closest any band had come to intelligent electonica. As an enjoyable pop record, this ranks high and will consume your afternoon and head.
B00003CXXM|5.0|In the commentary on the DVD, Matt Damon admits that this production's intention was to make a gripping film, not one that is faithful to the book.  Director Doug Liman who did \\"Swingers\\" in 1996 & \\"Go\\" in 1999 accomplishes that with flying colors.  Tony Gilroy who was the screenwriter for \\"Devil's Advocate\\" and \\"Dolores Claiborne\\" works with W. Blake Herron to produce a screenplay that takes Ludlum's novel as a starting point.  The film is fast paced, moves quickly, is gorgeously photographed on location in Prague and Paris, and is a handsome DVD package to add to your collection.  Matt Damon as Jason Bourne surprises us with his action ability while showing the perplexity of someone suffering from amnesia, thrown in an ever-changing situation where his past literally threatens his every moment.  Chris Cooper who just won the best supporting actor Oscar for \\"Adaptation\\" and has played increasingly interesting roles in \\"Horse Whisperer,\\" \\"October Sky,\\" & \\"American Beauty,\\" does an excellent job as the manager of a secret program called Treadstone that networks assassins worldwide.  He becomes increasingly agitated until his assassination clears the way for Jason's ultimate freedom.  Franka Potente who played Johnny Depp's girlfriend in \\"Blow\\" and is a major German filmstar does a great job as the gypsy-like Maria who is enlisted by Bourne and becomes his willing accomplice.  Clive Owen who was so noticeable in \\"Gosford Park\\" doesn't have a lot of lines, but has one of the film's most memorable moments in his death scene in the wheatfield.  Julia Stiles isn't asked to do much, but is interesting in her supporting role as Nicolette who runs Treadstone's Paris office.  This is a film like a roller coaster.  The DVD's deleted scenes are interesting with the one with the psychologist being one I felt could have easily added to the film.  The alternate ending lead me to believe the director picked the right one, but was interesting to view.  I never was absolutely clear on why the agency insisted on Bourne's assassination.  This is a great rainy-day film that I'm pleased to have in my collection.  Enjoy!n why the agency insisted on Bourne's assassination.  This is a great rainy-day film that I'm pleased to have in my collection.  Enjoy!
B00005QIPH|2.0|It truly isn't the derritiveness that irks me, it is the blatant desire to put style over substance. It's impossible to ignore the fact that this  combination has been done several time and done better but as a pure enjoyability and longevity standard, this album ranks low. <BR>Even if the album were under the most suited production, it'd rank low. Their youth could possibly be a deciding factor in this. The low-budgetness of the album does not serve as a support to the album. The low budget only allows their flaws to be held out cleanly.<BR>The thing instantly held to mind is lukewarm. Half done riffs, half done passion in the vocal and lukewarm response.<BR>This is reccommended to anybody who has the money to blow, maybe. But anybody looking for pure passion, innovatation or whatever else has been slagged on to this band can find it elsewhere.
0345440900|5.0|I bought this book when my baby was 3 months old and I didn't think I could survive another month.  I was exhausted from carrying my dear son around all day and not getting any sleep. The Baby Whisperer is the only book I could find that gave me real answers on how to help my son get what he needed to be happy. Not just vague ideas like let him cry it out- the author is not for that but how to kindly help your baby sleep in his crib and also be on a schedule so you can better interpret his needs.  The Baby Whisperer helped me enjoy my baby more and made us both much happier.
0140185232|5.0|The Razor's edge a book written by W. Somerset Maugham is very unique. This book is not your traditional novel where the author feels that every page is a masterpiece. In fact this book is just the opposite where Maugham comes out and says this book is not like the rest. Maugham tells the reader straight up that his book is misgiving and if you are looking for your traditional story line where everything is scripted get out now. But if you decide to stay on for the ride and read this book I promise you will not be disappointed. <BR>This book covers a vast amount of time where the reader gets a good idea of how the world is changing. The book starts out in Chicago in the mid 20's. The stock market is booming and possibilities are endless for anyone interested in making something out of themselves. This book carries on all the way to around the mid 40's no one can really be sure. As time goes on the reader gets to follow characters on an amazing journey through the streets of London, the slums of Paris, the beautiful beaches of Marseilles, the temples of India, libraries of Bonn, all the way to a ranch in Texas. If you like to learn about different people and place this is definitely worth a read.<BR> Through out your journey you will be introduced to many characters. First we have Maugham who plays a rather respectable English author. Maugham acts as the narrator of the story keeping the reader up to date with constant updates. All the characters are written about on an account of Maugham interactions with them and or interviews conducted with them. We have Larry fresh out of WW1 who is dealing with emotions he does not know how to handle and a thought in the back of his mind that just will not leave. Larry is your all around young man whom immediately becomes a favorite of all the readers. Larry is engaged to marry Isabel a spoiled rich girl who is very materialistic. Along with Isabel we meet Elliot her uncle whose only concern in life is his social status, in factit inadvertently kills him. We also meet the man Elliott would rather have his niece marry Gray. Gray is your stereotypical man of the 20's, caught up in his success of the stock market and very eager to start a family. Further along the way we are introduced to some more characters like Suzanne Rouvie who is a \\"professional mistress\\". She sleeps with man after man until she ether gets tiered of them or the men have no use for her. And finally we get to meet Sophie who meets some tragic circumstances in life that has sent her in to a rage of drinking and promiscuity. All of these characters centrally revolve around Larry and his impact on them.<BR> Focusing around Larry the plot revolves around his quest for knowledge and the people he helps and influences along the way. Ever since the war ends Larry becomes obsessed with finding the answers to the philosophical and religious questions he constantly thinks about. Larry starts out his quest not really knowing what he is seeking but by the end of the book you come to understand that Larry eventually satisfies his thirst for knowledge and wisdom, which brings him the happiness, he has been longing for. In the end the reader will not be dissatisfied with the results of everything that has happened and will be satisfied with the overall outcome of events.<BR> Overall I love this book and could not and would not ask for anything more. Though this book has its flaws I find that when a book is to perfect it is no fun. Mangham's characters are not only easy to relate to they are interesting and not predictable. If you like to travel while you read then this book is good for you. Maugham has an excellent talent of making his writing speak to all classes of people where everyone form the popper to the king can relate to some aspect of the book. Nothing was left unturned. Any questions you develop eventually get answered one way or another. There is no real negative aspect I can write about this book because the only bad partis the book is to real but that is exactly what I love about it. The Razor's Edge is accurate testaments to what it is like to go against what people feel is the right path and just leave your own trail. In the end there is a Larry in all of us.
B00003CXXP|2.0|When i went to the rental store, i picked up the movie AI, curious to see how it was, undaunted by an unusually harsh M.A.D magazine spoof of the movie.  As I went to the checkout line, someone approached me and told me that I shouldnt waste my rental money.  Thinking that i may have different tastes, I still moved forward instead of renting a different movie like Saving Private Ryan(which I hadnt seen at the time).  I rented the movie, and when i got home, i opened a case.  A note fell out.  It said, &quot;Don't even bother watching this film, not only is it confusing and shallow, but it is also depressing.&quot;  If only I had listened.  I popped in the DVD.  Then, a blinding sensation came to my senses as I realized i couldnt take a movie like this.  I gave up at about the point where they were slaughtering AI systems, at least thats what I THINK they were doing.  I partially liked a few graceful moments in the film, so it is not as low as worth of 1 star, but it is barely worth a rental, and I dont suggest it for children, as they will be incredibly saddened by it and will have fits of depression, like my cousin who watched it(he had the problem for a couple days).
B000005IRG|5.0|I admit I'm a johnny come lately re this album. I discovered it while reading the rollicking oral history of New York punk PLEASE DON'T KILL ME. Wow, it took two listens for me to be floored and for this to immediately become one of my all-time faves. If you've never heard this band, at first you may think it sounds sort of familiar and not that interesting and possibly dated. But if you're really listening, it'll suddenly clock you on the head that the reason it all sounds so vaguely familiar is that a huge chunk of music that came after Television is deeply indebted to their maverick songsmithing. The music in here is so alive and kinetic and packed with a)incredible lyrical guitar work by Verlaine and Lloyd; b) overall inventiveness/playfulness/headboppingness; c) punk attitude coupled with AOR song lengths; and d) what at first may seem like odd lyrics but with each successive listen become increasingly clever and witty and sparkly and brain-lodged. Killer album. All-time classic. And I recently saw them perform at Irving Plaza in NYC and they were incredible. Glorious dual guitar jams that just blew me away.
B000068TPN|5.0|First of all, before I say anything, I love the movie and the book.  I just wanted to point out to mr. Norcross Georgia that this was a nonfiction event, so the &quot;plot holes&quot;(I failed to find any) were really just what happened(with the exception of that final charge, which was a little corny but not too much so.) Also, the United States lost 362 men, or somewhere near that number, and i believe the Vietnamese lost 3200(im not too sure on that figure).  Im not sure if you distinguish this from fiction or reality, because the 7th Cavalry DID manage to fend off 2 and eventually 3 battalions for 3 days and eventually defeat them.  I simply want to clarify that this is no fiction, ok, my 2 cents are up.
6305897786|1.0|This film had a simple plot that didn't seem to make time to explain virtually anything. For instance, a girl follows around and helps out the main character for the entire movie and they never make clear who she is or what she's trying to do. At the very end of the movie, the main charcter and this woman have sex outside a burning castle for no reason that myself, nor my peers could find. For me, the movie did not make a lot of sense and I considered it a waste of my time.
0679411585|5.0|If you know someone who simply loves war, and I don't mean being respectful for it and the people who fought in it, but simply love war for the blood, gore, and whatnot, buy them this book.  They will never speak of war again.  I devoured this book, as I have great respect for the men who fought in Vietnam and little respect for those who sent them there.   This book does something that those warmongers of friends that you may have(I do :( ), it teaches them that war is not cool.  The sadness in the movies that most of us pick up is masked from them by the explosions of blood that they notice during the sorrow.  This story shows no blood, but truly reveals the horrific details of what those men had to do to defeat the hoardes of North Vietnamese and Viet Cong soldiers.  A must read, whether you are into war stories or not.
B000067CPX|5.0|although i characterize myself as an \\"old school\\" RHCP fan - i love this CD - from the singles Cant Stop and By The Way to the songs like Cabron its totally a great CD - I love it - they are amazing and will continue to make awesome music no matter what and this CD is no different
B000002MVT|5.0|I am 50 yers old and been playing electric blues/rock most of my life. I know the real thing from the counterfeit, and Billy Gibbons is the &quot;real thang!&quot; When ZZ Top first started becoming popular I was playing in the Memphis tennessee club circuit and the word was getting around about this little blues band from Texas that had been gigging in the area which featured a really hot lead guitarist. When i saw them at the Memphis Coliseum I found out what people were talking about. That's the reputation that they had at the time........hot and funky texas blues. I'm glad this CD was released because it is a good picture of where the band seemed to be heading in the early days. The CD is worth the price paid just for the first three songs alone. Billy Gibbons can play the blues! Nuff said!
0064407667|1.0|What is the big deal?  This is the most stupid story line I have ever read.  I personally believe that all real life is boring, but if fantasy isn't your cup of tea (for me it's a big gulp) then read something more real lifish at least.  You have to be pretty low if you are reuced to reading a story about the awful tortured lives of children.  I am writing this review to tell people that even though these books are so poplar not to read them.  Also heed the warning on the back cover which literally says if you like a book with any happiness in it at all then don't read this.
B00006J3WH|5.0|this buffy episode is the greatest thing ever. I have seen every episode up to this (so far...still going strong) and this is by far my  favorite since the Buffy Angel Chronicles. The comic relief is necessary in the depressing series where everything goes wrong for buffy. listening to it brightens my day. i wouldn't reccomend it unless ur a buffy watcher and have seen this episode. otherwise i don't understand how you could enjoy it. James Marsters IS SO HOT!
B00006F83Y|5.0|From around here no one knew who Q.O.T.S.A. were. Recently they came here in a concert and blew everyone away. Ever since they came out in 1998 i have been a fan and with every knew cd release they seem to be getting better and better. If you want to buy a cd that is not the same as all the rest you MUST buy this cd. It's music varies and plus you have a cd of the band that is making history as we speak. You will not be disappointed and if you are then you don't like AWESOME music.
1558216847|5.0|First I really liked this book.<br />Second there have been a lot of reviews about whether anyone could have made this trip, well without giving the story away, some didn't make it. But it never ceases to amaze me what the human body can endure if the mind pushes it hard enough. I suspect that the distances mentioned in the book are too long. &quot;How far did we walk today Bob? Well we walked all day, my legs hurt, probably 20 to 30 miles!&quot; So much for estimating distances when you don't have a map or any clear idea where you are.<br />Third, crossing the Himlalaya Mts, I suspect that they lost track of time and crossed just as winter was ending. Rather than in Feburary. This would explain their meeting sheep herders up high in a cave. Hardpack snow would be difficult to cross in just moccosins but drifting snow up to a foot or so it could be done. This is the footware of the Native Americans in the Northeast.<br />Fourth, the desert part, this is hard to believe lasting 2 weeks without water, as the lack of water should have finished them off after 4 days. But part of water loss is tempeture related and they may have been more on the edge of the desert than the map in the front of the book makes out. Plus these people's bodies were well hardened to abuse by their previous time in the camps and the journey to the desert.<br />Fifth, the stay in the Soviet Stalinst justice system sure reads like all the other books. Now either Slavomir still bears the scars of this visit or he doesn't and from his tale I can't imagine anyone makeing this up. It's not a pretty site and not one where he's anyone's idea of a hero.<br />So all in all I'm inclined to give Mr. Rawicz the benefit of the doubt and to ask any other doubters why lie? And if he did, well how did he manage to get from Poland to India?<br />Anyway its a great read.
0609610570|1.0|This book minimizes the value of individuals and turns them into detail oriented drones. And, his main example (Richard Brown) of how things should be &quot;Executed&quot;, was just ousted by the Board of Directors at EDS. Look at his performance before buying this book.
B000089J0R|4.0|i bought this cd at a store as a random cd.  it looked cool and the name was good.  but the quality is more than skin deep.  this is a phenominal metal album.  it has speed skill guitars, cool lyrics that remind me of rhapsody and the vocals are really dead on.  i would recomend picking this up.
B00005JKLZ|4.0|I origionally did not see The Time Machine because I never see movies where I knew the ending. (Missed Titanic at the theaters too.) When I did see it, I was amazed and entranced. The sound tract was hauting and beautiful. The time machine floating through time in it's bubble of light was facinating. There was so much action, I didn't realize it was only 95 minutes, and I wanted more!
B00005RY7X|3.0|This really is a half-hour beer commercial. Non-stop screaming, chanting, and just loud rocking. The lyrics are as basic as possible, but fit the music well. It's hard to say who Andrew sounds like, but it's definitely not all the hair-bands people keep mentioning. I actually like this quite a bit, especially when I'm feeling pumped and mindless, and obviously in the mood to party. \\"She is beautiful\\" is my favorite track. The disc is a bit short, but that might be a good thing since it's so repetitive. I do think it has the coolest cover art I've seen in awhile.
B0000029GA|5.0|I've listened to east coast my entire life.  This is the truest album to East Coast ever.  If you want an artist who's true to the game and true to his roots NaS' Illmatic is it.  You can almost envision him scrawlin his rhymes while sittin on a bench outside Queensbridge lookin back on his life.  The amazing thing is that he was only 20 when he wrote this.  Unfortunately, he set the bar so high on his first album that every album from that point on would be compared to it - hurting his future more than helping.  Other than Biggie's \\"Ready To Die\\" it is standard for East Coast rap at its finest.
B000002HJD|5.0|...The Doors as a band represent what is the best not just in music but in art. It is easy to say, and perhaps true that The Doors were made up of three musicians and one odd, troubled poet. Throughout The Doors catalog of releases there are glorious highs and some flat lows, but that is because Jim Morrison was not a singer, not a hit-maker, he was a man who bled life into his art... Jim would be just as content to sit quietly on a beach and read as he would be to belt out Light My Fire one more time. His words scream of the era he lived... Did you know freedom exists in a school book?<BR>There are tons of artists that can sit and produce a top 40 effort in search of [money]. This is as close to what Jim Morrison wanted and in a way it is a gift from the remaining Doors to Jim the poet... and it is a gift to the listener as well. The Doors are Dali and Monet, Picasso... the music is not as important as the attempt, the mood, the release. Elektra will never sell millions of copies on AN AMERICAN PRAYER... all I care is that I bought one.
B000002KDO|5.0|I am a huge fan of sabbath. I do like them with ozzy only because of his strong vocals. This album shows that sabbath is a great, musically, wonderful band and is the most talented of all. If you like Black Sabbath this is an album you should have in your collection.
B000006NPY|3.0|Adore certainly features some great mellow songs, but one can only tolerate them for so long, especially Pumpkins fans. Corgan has a great voice, which he takes advantage of in this album. The problem is that there isn't enough creativity here; what has always drawn me to the Pumpkins is that you never got too much of one thing. Fast, hard rocking songs were accompanied by more mellow tunes so that you got a good balance of the two. This isn't present at all, and I constantly found myself dying to hear some sort of 'Geek USA' type of song just to get my blood flowing. Jimmy Chamberlain, in my opinion the best drummer in modern music, is absent and replaced by mostly synthesized drumming. This elminates a unique flair the Pumpkins have on their other albums, and for me this CD was only valuable in putting me to sleep. 3 stars simply because they're the Smashing Pumpkins, otherwise I wouldn't rate it so high.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This is such a great movie!  Even if you're not a fan of musicals, you have to see it.  The comedic value alone is enough reason to see it.
B00006EXDM|5.0|...at last properly remastered.  Of the SACD remixes, this is the only one I have so far, but I was most heartened to see that the reissue series was comprehensive.  I don't think the UK versions of such albums as Aftermath and Between the Buttons were released in America on CD when ABKCO did the first round of CD remasters in 1986.<br />No matter--they're all here now.  Even better news is that these are hybrid SACDs, so they can be listened to on regular CD players (good news for such as me, as I don't have a SACD player yet), and as such, they still sound pretty damn good.  And now that the Stones' back catalogue has been remastered in this format, how about the Beatles (what say, Capitol/EMI?) next?  And perhaps putting the first six albums into twofer formats, so that the CDs will truly be worth the price we must pay for them?
B000089RVX|5.0|The music and lyrics are stunning. Amy Lee has great vocals. I recommend this cd to anyone looking for a return to great rock and alternative music.
B000002UYZ|5.0|This was the album that gave me my introduction to the Beatles, and by extension to rock 'n' roll in general, at the tender age of 5 the year this album was released.  (Thanks, Dad!)  These all are essential Beatles tracks, and they led me to search out the original albums--one of my prized Christmas presents in 1979 was a UK vinyl version of A Hard Day's Night, especially as the UK albums were impossible to find until Capitol's reissue campaign began in earnest in 1987, setting to rights the Beatles' back catalogue once and for all.  Now they need to do as ABKCO did with the Stones and remaster the lot for SACD.<br />My one real complaint with the CD version of 1962-1966 is that, between the two discs, you have a total of about 63 minutes of music.  You would think that EMI would have had the sense to compress this set to one disc, thus lowering the price and making the album a bit more accessible to the CD-buying public...but that's where thinking would get you. :)  Nevertheless, the red album is a gem, and the best starting point for Beatles beginners there could ever be, along with the blue album (1967-1970).  Rock fans, teach your children...and get them started with this classic collection.
B000059WOD|5.0|These guys are the only good rap-metal group out there. You should get this one along with their new one Meteora.
B00005JLF5|5.0|What really can I add to what has already been said? I started watching Deep Space Nine in the middle of it's fourth season. So when I found out that they were putting the series out on DVD I was really excited. I'd finally get the chance to see the beginning. I absolutely love the first season and cannot wait for the others. Some of the episodes are a little weak. But others, like Duet, and If Wishes Were Horses, and Progress are some very compelling episodes. Over all, I am very pleased with the work they did with it, and can't wait for the other seasons. If you are a fan of other series. I guarantee you'll like Deep Space Nine. Which makes me wonder if they'll do Voyager like this.
B00005OAIE|5.0|Love the album.A mature work from a guy so young. Excellent. I recommend this to anyone with a great sence for matured pop to buy it. Caution: This is not hip hop or rap.
0676973779|5.0|A delightful excape.  The author leaves you to wonder if he crazy or brillant after the first two chapters, but if you continue you are sure to think he is brilliant. For busy people I reccomend this book, it is sheer delight!
B000003S0B|4.0|I didn't know what to expect when I purchased IN THE WAKE OF POSEIDON a couple of years ago.  What I heard was their debut album's companion piece, much the way Genesis' WIND AND WUTHERING is the companion piece to A TRICK OF THE TAIL.  What breaks the stride of this CD are the short \\"Peace\\" interludes.  \\"Pictures of A City\\" is the slightly softer younger brother to \\"Schizoid Man\\".  \\"Cadence And Cascade\\" is Crimson at its prettiest, deapite Gordon Haskell's obvious nervousness.  Greg Lake turns up the volume for \\"Cat Food\\", while sounding quite funereal on the title song.  \\"Devil's Triangle\\" is a bizarre take on Holst, with some of their own work thrown in.  This album is NOT a carbon copy of the previous one, as some would make it out to be!
0316666343|5.0|This was the first work of fiction I have read in 4 years.  I can't say I loved it, it was disturbing to read while stuck in a hospital on bedrest, but it was very good.  I have already loaned it out and have a list of people waiting to read my copy.  For a person that doesn't typically read fiction, I did enjoy it.
630441403X|5.0|Leaving Las Vegas is a dramatic and moving commentary on the low point of human existance. Incredibly performed Nicholas Cage and Elizabeth Shue will draw you in as they spiral to lows beyond what many of us can imagine.<br />* not appropriate for children
B00005NWLO|5.0|It brought back memories to listen to those old songs. And hearing it live made it that much more enjoyable. The quality of the CD was perfect. I also had good dealings with the Amason Market Place dealer MGK351. Thanks again.
B00005JM93|1.0|A piece of dung in an artistic package is still a piece of dung.  This was the most SICKENING work of cinema I've ever seen.  Unless you find enjoyment in watching a rape scene in which a man forces violent anal sex on a weeping woman at knife-point, I urge you to steer clear of this one.  I'm not talking a slit-second visual flash to let you know what's happening ala Pulp Fiction, but several excrutiating minutes (felt like an eternity) of uninterrupted, graphic rape followed by beating - great, guys.  An afficionado of foreign and art films (even 'tastefully violent' ones), I went to see this movie without knowing the nausea I was in store for.  Don't make the mistake I did - stay away.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|General George S. Patton Jr. (1885-1945) was one of America's most outstanding generals and strategists during World War II, but his tendency to speak very candidly and crassly often got him into trouble with the public and higher ranking officers.  Labeled by newspapers as \\"Blood & Guts\\", Patton demanded discipline from every soldier under his command.  He loved to study about ancient battles and saw himself as one of many reincarnations of various warriors who had fought battles throughout 2000 years.  He loved war and knew nothing else.  Beginning in 1942, General Patton commanded forces in North Africa fighting against the occupying German forces under the command of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel.  Following victory in North Africa, he commanded the Seventh Army during the joint invasion of Sicily.  British forces that also invaded Sicily were under the command of the revered Field Marshal Sir Bernard Law Montgomery.  Following the allied invasion of France in 1944, General Patton was given command of the Third Army and swept across France at record pace.  His juggernaut was also successful in relieving the beleaguered American troops trapped in the city of Bastogne, France.  He was also one of the first American commanders to discover the horrors of Nazi concentration camps.  Considered by many to be a prima donna, he had no tolerance for any soldier suffering from \\"shell shock\\" or \\"battle fatigue\\"; instead he labeled such as a coward.  He wrote a book entitled \\"War As I Knew It\\" that was first published in 1947, two years after his death from a car accident.<br />Based upon the two books \\"Patton: Ordeal and Triumph\\" by Ladislas Farago and \\"A Soldier's Story\\" by General Oman N. Bradley, director Franklin J. Schaffner created the film \\"Patton\\" in 1970 starring George C. Scott as the outspoken General Patton, which earned him the Oscar for Best Actor in a Leading Role.  (Scott refused to accept the Oscar on the grounds that he did not consider himself to be in competition with other actors.)  The film begins with Patton standing before a giant American flag and giving a speech to troops that have been placed under his command.  Following the speech, the film documents Patton's life between 1942 (when he begins fighting Germans in North Africa) and 1945 (shortly after the defeat of Germany).  <br />Aspects of the film that well depict General Patton were the competition that he felt with Field Marshall Montgomery (Michael Bates) and personality conflicts with General Bradley (Karl Malden). Of course, since the actual General Bradley consulted directly on the film, the portrayal of Patton could be regarded as being slightly biased.  Also depicted were Patton's slapping of a frightened soldier (Tim Considine) whom he also accused of being a coward, as well as candid comments made in Knutsford, England, that made Patton a public relations liability for the Allied Command.  Sadly, not shown in the film was the liberation of the concentration camp at Buchenwald by the Third Army.  There, General Patton was the first American commander to order nearby German civilians to tour a liberated concentrated camp: a precedent adopted by other American field commanders.<br />Franklin J. Schaffner received the Oscar for Best Director for \\"Patton\\" and the film also won Oscars for Best Picture, Best Editing, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Best Sound and Best Writing.  It also received nominations for Best Cinematography, Best Music and Best Visual Effects.  At 170 minutes, the film does not seem too long.  Instead, the various battles were done very well and George C. Scott's excellent portrayal of General Patton is completely engaging.  Overall, I rank \\"Patton\\" with a resounding 5 out of 5 stars and highly recommend the film to everyone.  General Patton was instrumental in the Allies' decisive victory over Nazi Germany in 1945.
B000002KZA|4.0|ever since i heard &quot;blue&quot; by eiffel 65 i fell in love with the sound they have and after i'd bought some of there cd's i found out that they're huge fans of a group called &quot;depeche mode&quot; i had to hear them because i wa ssuch a fan of eiffel 65.well,they're not what i excpected but they have grown on me a lot and i can honestly say i can't think of anyone else who sounds like this (i hope eiffel 65 doesn't think they do...)<br /> anyways i bought this vinyl yesterday at vlaue village for only a buck fifty i wa spretty excited then i came home and read reviews on it (because it wa slate and i couldn't play it) and it had pretty bad reviews but i was very surpirsed when i first heard it! it's so dark and moody,my faveorite tracks are &quot;everything counts&quot; (of course) and one of my faveorites is &quot;pipeline&quot; it's so raw sounding and pretty ambient it really makes me feel i'm right there watching a bunch of working in the depths it's supremly cool in my opinion.the other song i really like is &quot;shame&quot; it's got a synth line that's just really cool and the lines &quot;it all seems so stupid,it makes me want to give up,but why should i give up,when it all seems so stupid&quot; really sounds strange becauase it seems to go backward on itself,it's really neat.the music is terribly innovative for the 80's! it's realy great songwriting,and it never goes where you excpect it to.if you seen this for a bargain like i did buy it!what do you haev to lose? if you see it for half price i still reccomend it,but it's not for everyone so i'd say be cautious to pay full price.
B00005AUBA|4.0|Rock action es el disco mas &quot;comercial&quot; o mas facil de escuchar hasta la fecha, una de las razones es por que la mitad de las canciones tienen voz y la musica no es tan densa como por ejemplo en &quot;young team&quot;, en el cual era completamente instrumental y el disco en si giraba en un cierto estilo mas monotono que este ultimo. <BR> En &quot;rock action&quot; se encuentran varios instrumentos,tanto acusticos como electricos como electronicos lo cual le da un matiz a la musica bastante diversa entre tema y tema, incluyendo obiamente, como ya es sello del grupo, canciones de mas de siete minutos en el cual el juego de improvizacion y experimentacion juegan un papel muy importante en la resolucion de la cancion.<BR>  Aunque este disco tenga tan solo ocho tracks uno no queda con gusto a poco al escucharlo, sino que al contrario, le dan ganas de escucharlo de nuevo. Lo que si hay que hacer notar es que la manera de cantar del vocalista es muy rara (en ingles), tanto asi que no se entiende bien lo que trata de expresar, pero en fin, un buen disco para dias calmados.
6305546789|5.0|Friday the 13th, Nightmare on Elm Street, Prom Night, Urban Legends, Jeepers Creepers, Scream, and every other knife-wielding maniac on the loose movie owes their existance to one movie - Halloween. And not surprisingly, this is the best out of all of them, as well as one of the scariest films ever made.<br />In fact, I'd say that this film goes beyond being a mere movie. The acting, the simple yet gripping plot, the characters and music, the cinematography and the attention to detail...this movie is flawless. I daresay, this film is a work of bloody, scary art - and while it'll scare you, it's also one of those movies that'll make you think after you watch it. For this movie has what 99 percent of the other hack-n-slash movies lack - intelligence.
B000002JSR|4.0|Led Zepplein's &quot;Coda&quot; is often cast off as a hodgepodge of extra throwaways that were released together as an attempt to milk the mighty Zeppelin cash cow, even after the breakup of the band in 1980. Released in 1982, &quot;Coda&quot; is a gem. &quot;We're Gonna Groove,&quot; &quot;Ozone Baby,&quot; &quot;Darlene,&quot; and Wearing and Tearing&quot; are fun rock and rollers that should have appeared on &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; or &quot;Physical Graffitti.&quot; &quot;Poor Tom&quot; is a tasty, acoustic &quot;Zep. III&quot;-type number. &quot;Bonzo's Montreaux&quot; makes Zeppelin drummer John Bohnham sound like a 10-man drum line with its crashing snare taps and booming bass. And there's also a live recording of &quot;I Can't Quit You Baby,&quot; which seems like a redundant listen after picking up &quot;The BBC Sessions.&quot; But it showcases Zeppelin's live sound during the early 70's, which was an entity unto itself. And, &quot;BBC&quot; was released nearly 15 years after &quot;Coda,&quot; which makes &quot;BBC&quot; the culprit for that effect. The only number from this album that isn't overtly enjoyable is &quot;Walter's Walk,&quot; which is distortion-riddled noise. Overall, however, &quot;Coda&quot; was worth purchasing. 7 of the 8 tracks from this album are highly enjoyable, and would put pretender albums like &quot;Great White's Greatest Hits&quot; to shame. And this is supposed to be a collection of extras.
B000089RVX|1.0|More minimalist nu-metal guitars, cheezy synthesizers, angst-ridden vocals, etc. etc.<br />And not unexpectedly, this CD has the same rhythm throughout -- the same rhythm that's been used throughout all \\"rock\\" music of the past 5 years:<br />Boom ^ ^ ^ Clack ^ B' B' Boom Clack ^ ^ Clack ^ ^ B' (repeat).<br />It's torture already.
0140185232|4.0|The Razors' Edge<br /> The Razors Edge is an inspirational novel about a young man who is living in a post WWI life. The young man, Larry Darrell is in search of the meaning of his life. The sacrifices he makes throughout the novel to find his meaning are very audacious. The author, Somerset Maugham goes into deep detail about the characters and events that occur in the book, giving you the full-fledged feeling of actually knowing these people. Maugham presents his impeccable writing abilities by keeping his words flowing one into the other, which results in a fast, simple, and sensational read.<BR> Throughout the novel the reader is placed in several locations across the globe including Paris, the Riviera, Germany, London, and Chicago, IL. Maugham describes each setting as if he has been there and explored the places, again helping the reader feel the area, instead of just reading about it, the reader almost experiences the places. <BR>The women that Maugham describes in this novel are not thought of too highly. The woman that Larry is in love with, Isabel is only attractive because of her dazzling beauty. Isabel seems to be the only decent one described in the whole novel, of the other main female characters, Sophie is promiscuous and shamelessly degrading, Susan is right in Sophie's path, she was described as a drug addict, and careless about her life. This is one fault that was noticeable in this novel; Maugham appears to be sexist towards women.The last, and my favorite character in the novel Elliott Templeton was described as serviceable, hospitable, and very wealthy. Elliott had only one goal, and that was to improve his position in an amoral society. Elliott was admirable because even though he was a family man, he kept on working for himself, and for no one other.<BR> The Razors Edge creates an often funny and enjoyable novel about the exploration of spiritual satisfaction. This novel is a masterpiece of incredible ideas that are still floating around today. Larry is not the only one with the dilemma of \\"finding himself\\" on his shoulders. In the end, it almost feels that the book should not end and I do believe that this novel deserves a sequel of equal quality.
B000002MT0|4.0|&quot;Come&quot;, in my opinion was the LAST great offering from Prince, where just about every track is interesting. I can't say that for any of his later offerings. The Gold Experience comes close. Emancipation, although it features some real gems, some of it is STANDARD R&amp;B. When was Prince ever &quot;standard&quot;? <br />Favorite track on this CD? I dunno. That's why this CD is so good. This is a Prince fan's album, because only a Prince fan will be able to dig it. It's a shame that it has to be that way, but I think only intellect of a Prince fan would allow them to enjoy this album. And if you can find it, get the &quot;Space&quot; maxi-single. The &quot;Universal Love&quot; remix is a friggin work of art.
B00005V9QJ|5.0|I have been a fan of Sade's for many years now and I have to say that \\"Lovers Live\\" is one of the best! You can't go wrong with music by the super-talented band, Sade, who shares their name with their beautiful and gifted lead singer.<br />In the CD, Sade takes you through a journey through they're many hits and some new songs from their latest CD, \\"Lovers Rock.\\"<br />Any fan of Sade's should own this album! If you want to listen to some of the best music ever made, buy this album!
B00006JJ1O|4.0|I'll try my best not to be drone. The CD comprised of a series of rock songs and a couple of ballads offers listeners a variety of listening.Aimed more for the younger crowd with songs like &quot;Not Gonna Get Us&quot; and &quot;All The Things She Said&quot; offering GREAT driving beats, and &quot;Stars&quot; having a more mellow tempo the CD has a great listening selection. The CD also offers 2 songs in untranslated Russian, those being &quot;Nas Ne Dagoniat&quot; and &quot;Ya Shlos U Ma Ya.&quot; If you are into the rock scene this is a great CD choice.
B00005AWMF|5.0|I absolutely love this CD! \\"The Best of Sade\\" has all of the great hits performed by this incredible band and it's beautiful lead singer. Each song conveys such emotion that you cannot help but get caught up in the lyrics and the melody.<br />Any fan of Sade should own this collection! I would also recommend this CD to people who aren't familiar with Sade and its music, but have a love of R&B. You will not be disappointed with this CD!
B000001EXR|1.0|This is without doubt the worst Kiss album ever alongside with \\"Psycho circus\\". The band have jumped every musical trend since the late 1970's (disco, hair metal, grunge) and this release show it's all for fame and money - not music! I'd like to think that there once was a musical honesty that made albums like \\"Kiss\\", \\"Hotter than hell\\", \\"Destroyer\\" and \\"Love gun\\" among others so good. But with a lot of weak and uneven albums, Kiss have really hit rock bottom with this awful effort. The calculating (of especially Gene Simmons?) have just proven that the band have totally lost their soul and I don't think it's possible for Kiss to ever make a come back. Too bad the band didn't quit earlier when they had some dignity left.
B00006LLNU|2.0|I hate to say it but, although they are very talented and write some great music, especially instrumentally speaking, Sigur Ros ruin it all with smarmy, pretentious, overdramatic, and feminine sounding vocals.  The music is hard to take seriously with that terrible crooning all over the place.  At least it's all gibberish and you can't understand what he's saying. Either they should go instrumental or find a woman if they want feminine vocals.  I still dig the distorted bowed guitar sounds.  Listen to Mum instead.
0790729377|4.0|As a southern girl I love all movies made about the South but this  is supposed to be New Orleans and everybody sounds like they are from New Jersey. Marlon Brando doesn't even attempt an accent. Which annoyed me!Vivian's performance is very convincing and you will want to slap her throughout the movie for being such a weakling. At the time she was  mentally ill which probably adds to her performance . Her husband thought playing Blanche onstage for 8 months would help her illness..... I know it's funny.
B000002H72|5.0|I recently popped Doolittle back into my cd-player after leaving it for a few years.  Each time I come back to it, it sounds completely fresh.  More than 13 years old and it still blows away everything labelled \\"alternative\\" today.  The Pixies made it look easy to be emotive, silly, funny, and sexy all at the same time. Black Francis sounds a bit like Adam Sandler, but he grabs your attention in a way that's urgent and never annoying.  Kim Deal's bass and vocals round out the mix perfectly, as in \\"Tame\\"'s breathy chant or the sweet chorus of \\"Here Comes your Man\\".  Doolittle's dementia never comes at the cost of impeccable musical sense--that's what makes it so astounding.
0790729377|4.0|As a southern girl I love all movies made about the South but this  is supposed to be New Orleans and everybody sounds like they are from New Jersey. Marlon Brando doesn't even attempt an accent. Which annoyed me!!! Vivian's performance is very convincing and you will want to slap her throughout the movie for being such a weakling. At the time she was  mentally ill which probably adds to her performance . Her husband thought playing Blanche onstage for 8 months would help her illness.Lol. I know it's funny.
0425179877|5.0|I picked up this book out of interest in the Apollo program (thanks to Ron Howard and Tom Hanks).  I just wanted more details, but found out I have an interest in the entire space program.  This auto-biography of Gene Kranz's years at NASA reads like a well-written novel.  It's a great first hand account of the early years of the space program.  From Mercury to the final days of Apollo, this book is a fast paced thrill ride from start to finish.  It shows the unwavering intelligence, engenuity and shear willpower of the American people.
B00007G1ZC|4.0|I saw this \\"movie\\", Yume, which is more like a collection of 8 shorter vignette type cinematic experiences based on the dreams of Kurosawa, some good some nightmarish, on the whim of a self-confessed 'intellectual' friend from Tokyo. The first time I went through the whole DVD with a very open mind but failed miserably to see the exalted direction or deep meaning that a Kurosawa movie is supposed to convey. Although I did notice the stunning visuals.<br />However, I have seen this movie about 2-3 times since, and I truly believe this is one of the most beautiful films ever made. I guess Japanese \\"art\\" may be growing on me a bit because a lot of their writing and filmmaking would seem to a non-native as a little, er, pointless. This movie, too, is characterized by extraordinary photography, and long periods during which very little occurs. There is no plot as such - a series of eight situations (dreams) which are virtually tableaux. From time to time people do things like dance in a stylized Japanese manner for a very long time.<br />A fare of this genre is perhaps not for everyone, definitely not for the masses because the masterly cinematography carries a lot of the story and Hollywood has brainwashed most of us into needing a lot of dialog or action. If that's what you're after, you won't find it here. But I am sure it will make you think about life.<br />Among other things, it has commmentary on war, the environment and the fragility of the earth. Overall, a very effecting and in the end hopeful movie. My DVD was still in original Japanese (I had expected it to be a dubbed version) and what little dialog there is, is subtitled for the English speaking viewers. The imagery though is absolutely lyrical and transcends language or geopolitical borders! Needless to say, I am smitten with Kurosawa and have since seen IKIRU, RASHOMON and DERSU UZALA -- grand films by a master film artist.<br />One parting word of advice -- this film needs to be seen in the letterbox format as it was intended.mat as it was intended.
B000002LR6|5.0|\\"Psalm 69\\" is yet another outstanding Ministry album, starting off with one of my favorite songs: \\"N.W.O. (New World Order)\\"--the title and voice samples taken from a Bush Sr presidential speech, as heard in the black-and-white mantra: \\"good and evil / right and wrong.\\" It gives you a strange sense of deja vu considering America's current situation. And speaking along the same lines, \\"Hero\\" is worth mentioning as well--a military-esque song about death, destruction, and war. Another favorite of mine.<br />Gibby Haynes from the Butthole Surfers joins Ministry's ranks in \\"Jesus Built My Hotrod,\\" by adding some rather funny, playful lyrics and singing. And who doesn't like the same-titled song as this album: \\"Psalm 69,\\" the sexually perverse, sacrilegious song with a Tammy Fay Baker sound-alike speaking in the background? Definitely entertaining, even though the gap in the middle ruins the breakneck pace of the song.<br />The album wraps up with a great apocalyptic, no-singing track. The last two songs, \\"Corrosion\\" and \\"Grace,\\" could probably be considered filler, but I really like them. Very atmospheric.<br />As usual, the lyrics on \\"Psalm 69\\" are arousing and profane (but only if you can understand them, since they aren't included in the booklet) and, at times, comical (like with \\"JBMH\\" and \\"TV II\\"). All-around, this a terrific CD, settling a bit on the doom-and-gloom side, Ministry-style. Worth listening to if you're an industrial-metal fan.
B00005AQGH|4.0|This is probably 2Pac's most popular release, besides maybe All Eyez On Me. This Is also one of Pac's Greatest Releases.<br />Everybody gives this album great reviews, and anyone that dont, simply hasn't listened to this album very carefully. Or Is just not 'Real' 'Pac fans. <br />Though In My Opinion Not a great release it still stacks up as a good 'Pac release. That I can listen to over and over.<br />Here's My Song Ratings:<br />1. Bomb First (My Second Reply) - **** Outta 5. Great Intro to Hail Mary, Plus A Great Hardcore song, and message.<BR>2. Hail Mary - **** - Good Song, love how the intro fades into this song.<BR>3. Toss It Up - *** - Not one of my favs. on the album but worth a listen.<BR>4. To Live And Die In L.A. - **** - Love this song and the lyrics.<BR>5. Blasphemy - **** - Great Song And Lyrics. <BR>6. Life Of An Outlaw - *** - Good Song.<BR>7. Just Like Daddy - **** - Love this song, listen to over and over again<BR>8. Krazy - ** - Worst Song on album. But i can still listen to it.<br />9. White Man'z World - **** - Great Message and Lyrics in this Song.<BR>10. Me And My Girlfriend - ***** - One of the best tracks on album.<BR>11. Hold Ya Head - *** - Good Song, could've been better.<BR>12. Against All Odds - **** - Good Song, Beats and Lyrics
0440237688|1.0|Lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society. Gradually the 12 year old boy,Jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be, and boldly decides he cannot pay the price.<br />Parents should be cautioned it has detailed murder of an infant and any sane minded parent should not let their children read such a disturbing story I as an adult was shaken by the contents of this book and makes me wonder how Newbery awards are granted ?????
B0000027RL|5.0|Back in the early 90s this was one of the best cds out there.  Now in the new millenium this is one of the best cds ever.  Pearl Jam found the right formula for success, and captured raw energy that they have yet to duplicate.  Maybe the reason for the success of the album is how one can emphasis with Vedder's lyrics.  If you don't own this cd and you like rock, you owe it to yourself to pick it up.
B00004TL21|5.0|This is record number three for the Deftones and they still have it. With this record, the Deftones have proved themselves with the likes of Tool as definitive Hard Rock Prog (progressive) music. The Deftones is what a band should be, a group of musicians that can read each other musically and bring something forward with there chosen instruments to contribute to a song. That is why everything the Deftones have touched has turned to gold. Their new album is no exception. With this record Chino (the Deftones' singer) took a new approach to writing lyrics. All the songs are scenarios; stories told through the narrative that is a great singer. Some of these are having sex in a high-speed car (Passenger) and the life of a kid in high school (Teenager), in Digital Bath there is the tale of a man leading a woman in a seductive manner to a bath where she will be electrocuted. In Knife Party (a song that came from real life) there are people that run around with knives and throw them around in a playful way. At this point if you are thinking to yourself that some of these scenes sound stupid I really don't blame you, but they are told in metaphoric ways. It isn't come here, get in the tub, here comes the toaster or get a knife and lets throw them at each other. In comparison to their previous records I truly cannot compare. They are all great albums and all different and that is really the beauty of the Deftones. Each record you get has a different part of this group. The only main difference in this CD is that DJ Frank Delgado joined the group full time from his appearances on Around The Fur, which adds an aspect of completion to all the songs on White Pony. By that I mean that if there was something that could be added to the songs he added it. Trust me, if you have seen a video by the Deftones and liked it you will like this album and all of the others they have done.
0140185232|5.0|The Razor's edge a book written by W. Somerset Maugham is very unique. This book is not your traditional novel where the author feels that every page is a masterpiece. In fact this book is just the opposite where Maugham comes out and says this book is not like the rest. Maugham tells the reader straight up that his book is misgiving and if you are looking for your traditional story line where everything is scripted get out now. But if you decide to stay on for the ride and read this book I promise you will not be disappointed. <BR>This book covers a vast amount of time where the reader gets a good idea of how the world is changing. The book starts out in Chicago in the mid 20's. The stock market is booming and possibilities are endless for anyone interested in making something out of themselves. This book carries on all the way to around the mid 40's no one can really be sure. As time goes on the reader gets to follow characters on an amazing journey through the streets of London, the slums of Paris, the beautiful beaches of Marseilles, the temples of India, libraries of Bonn, all the way to a ranch in Texas. If you like to learn about different people and place this is definitely worth a read.<BR> Through out your journey you will be introduced to many characters. First we have Maugham who plays a rather respectable English author. Maugham acts as the narrator of the story keeping the reader up to date with constant updates. All the characters are written about on an account of Maugham interactions with them and or interviews conducted with them. We have Larry fresh out of WW1 who is dealing with emotions he does not know how to handle and a thought in the back of his mind that just will not leave. Larry is your all around young man whom immediately becomes a favorite of all the readers. Larry is engaged to marry Isabel a spoiled rich girl who is very materialistic. Along with Isabel we meet Elliot her uncle whose only concern in life is his social status, in factit inadvertently kills him. We also meet the man Elliott would rather have his niece marry Gray. Gray is your stereotypical man of the 20's, caught up in his success of the stock market and very eager to start a family. Further along the way we are introduced to some more characters like Suzanne Rouvie who is a \\"professional mistress\\". She sleeps with man after man until she ether gets tiered of them or the men have no use for her. And finally we get to meet Sophie who meets some tragic circumstances in life that has sent her in to a rage of drinking and promiscuity. All of these characters centrally revolve around Larry and his impact on them.<BR> Focusing around Larry the plot revolves around his quest for knowledge and the people he helps and influences along the way. Ever since the war ends Larry becomes obsessed with finding the answers to the philosophical and religious questions he constantly thinks about. Larry starts out his quest not really knowing what he is seeking but by the end of the book you come to understand that Larry eventually satisfies his thirst for knowledge and wisdom, which brings him the happiness, he has been longing for. In the end the reader will not be dissatisfied with the results of everything that has happened and will be satisfied with the overall outcome of events.<BR> Overall I love this book and could not and would not ask for anything more. Though this book has its flaws I find that when a book is to perfect it is no fun. Mangham's characters are not only easy to relate to they are interesting and not predictable. If you like to travel while you read then this book is good for you. Maugham has an excellent talent of making his writing speak to all classes of people where everyone form the popper to the king can relate to some aspect of the book. Nothing was left unturned. Any questions you develop eventually get answered one way or another. There is no real negative aspect I can write about this book because the only bad partis the book is to real but that is exactly what I love about it. The Razor's Edge is accurate testaments to what it is like to go against what people feel is the right path and just leave your own trail. In the end there is a Larry in all of us.
B000002H6C|5.0|Although Metallica was without Cliff Burton during this recording (R.I.P) Jason Newsted is not audible in this album. BUT, the tracks are amazing. Some will argue that this album is too progressive, but when you listen to it, it's perfect. Every song is so chock full of energy, making me feel like it is about twice as good as Master of Puppets. From beginning to end solid as a rock, very good solos, DRUMS are fantastic, extremely well done. I can guarantee any metal fan will adore this album, just listen to it a few times all the way through, and pay close attention to every note, it's perfect!!
B000060P79|5.0|How could anyone say the lyrics are meaningless . the song ''Perfect'' alone can put those words to shame . This  does have a familiar sound to gc and blink but some people dont mind . not everyone is looking for those bands ''no one knows'' or  wants to fit a punk ''genre'' or a trend . some of us are not 14 year olds and really dont have the time to care or resoen. If you are looking for a cd thats fun and has some heartfelt songs , this cd is for you . Give it a try .
B00005QZWI|5.0|The only problem I could even come close to finding with this score that has something for everyone, is that the songs that were used in both FOTR movie trailers were not included on the disk as well.( By the way, if anyone knows where i can get hold of thos songs, please email me). Mt personal fave, The Breaking of the Fellowship.
B000000WFF|5.0|This album rocks! It's upbeat tunes get me going whenever I am having a bad day. ALL of the songs are really catchy and a lot of them are great to dance to. Even though Spice Girls arent making records anymore, their old stuff is classic. They are talented group of women!
B000069AUI|5.0|This is the best CD i ever purchased. &quot;The Scientist&quot; is a great song. BUY THIS CD
B00006RIO7|1.0|<BR>So sorry folks, but after hearing Michael Douglas's wife sing, if she should ever try again, please let it be in Sing,Sing, the Prison. Talk about poor, and Zellwigger, also needs to pick up both the pace and the FEELING a few hundred rpm's.<BR><BR> This cast is BLAND! The music is great, and true to the original stage work. If there is a high spot, it has to be Queen Latifa's \\"When you're good to Mama\\". The \\"Cellblock Tango\\" is bearly audible in it's first few bars. I had to turn up the volume to 72 to even hear anything, then I had to turn it down again, when the Ladies finally decided to project their voices. <BR><BR> Want a great version, buy either of the Broadway or London Cast albums. They are full of LIFE, Vitality and FEELING! ANY other cast beats the movie cast hands down!!!!<BR><BR> That's Hollywood's main problem when they do a Musical. THEY RUIN IT! Ruin it, by placing big current names in parts that the ACTORS should NEVER have been cast in. Come on, this Film's cast must be on Vallium. <BR><BR>So, BUY CHICAGO,<BR><BR> THE Original CAST, with Gwen Verdon, Chita Rivera, Jerry Orbach (Law & Order, F/X, the Fantastics), or<BR> the Revival cast with, Bebe Neuworth(Frasier) and Ann Reinking, James Naughton and Joel Grey. <BR> or  finally,<BR> The London cast with Ute Lemper.  <BR><BR>THESE ARE GREAT RECORDINGS you are sure to love even better than this Prozac soundtrack version.  That's where YOU ARE SURE TO FIND, \\"ALL THAT JAZZ!\\" <BR>Sorry I Spent my money on this one!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Van Halen's debut album served as the blueprint for all future spandex-wearing, hair-bleaching, Jack Daniels-guzzling heavy metal prototypes and in an era of disco and punk rock, made good old-fashioned loud and melodic rock and roll cool again. All the classic metal themes are here: satanism (\\"Running With the Devil\\"), unapologetic misogyny (\\"Aint Talkin' Bout Love\\" and \\"Jamie's Cryin\\"), pyromania (\\"On Fire\\") and sexual irresponsibility (\\"Feel Your Love Tonight\\"). Embedded in the grooves of this album was an implicit warning to parents in 1978 (many of whom were still hoping their kids would get into Crosby Stills and Nash or Cat Stevens): \\"Be afraid, be very afraid, because even though you thought the world was safe again after Led Zeppelin released that tame \\"Presence\\" album nobody bought and stopped touring, Van Halen is here to make rock dirty and nasty again.\\" Not since Tony Iommi and the early years of Black Sabbath were there so many memorable riffs on one album. Guitar sorcerer Eddie Van Halen and dynamic vocalist David Lee Roth square off in the ultimate battle of hedonistic showmanship. For better or worse, rock would never be the same again.
B00000633U|4.0|probably the most homogenic LP from Marx. He does it well on the ballads and on the &quot;tough&quot; tracks. I like to hear this one from the start to the end.
B00005OAA6|5.0|Living in the UK myself, one can get tired of seeing Victoria in the media for every other reason than that of her music. However I'd like to take this opportunity to let America know how good this album actually is.<BR>For those of you who've read her book, you'll know that this album was a real effort, and a personal endevour that Victoria is really proud of, having worked with Toni Braxton's & Whitney Houston's writers (Whitney has since borrowed 'Whatcha' talkin' about?' - track 10).<BR>The heart-warming ballad 'I.O.U.' was written for David. <BR>The baby giggling on the beginning of the sweet melody 'Every little part of me' was Brooklyn in the studio. <BR>'Unconditional love' is the best song in my opinion - it's just perfect in every way. And, there's some smashing 'R&B' in there too.<BR>Even if you hate Victoria, her perserverence with her career despite all the odds should melt the coldest of hearts. Please give her a try - England would love to see her do well, despite the grief we give her. 5 Stars for the debut album.
1400034779|5.0|The mysteries aren't all that mysterious--but within a few pages, you realize how unimportant that is. This book is really about its characters, particularly the sensible, moral, and very likeable Precious Ramotswe, founder of the No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency. It's also very much about Botswana--\\"a place of peace\\"--with its kind and caring people, acacia trees, deadly snakes, and limitless blue skies. Smith tells the varied stories contained in this book in a simple, almost folk-talish fashion, with flashes of humor, cultural insight, and political observations. I'm hooked, and I can't wait to read the sequels.
B00003CXQX|5.0|Of all of the animated films Disney has released in the 21st century, \\"The Emperor's New Groove\\" just might be the best thus far. The story centers around a young, self-centered South American emperor named Kuzco who rules his kingdom with the motto \\"it's all about me!\\" Kuzco's perfect world is shattered when his disgruntled former advisor, Yzma, casts a magic spell on him that turns him into a llama and plans to do him in. To regain his human form, he must work together with Patcha, a humble and steadfast peasant, and get back to Kuzco's palace before Yzma finds them and finishes the job. The result is a fast and fun irreverent comedy with a smart script and great acting. Eartha Kit and Patrick Warburton, who play the evil Yzma and her dim-witted sidekick Kronk, are a highlight of the film. Both bring the characters to life wonderfully and provide some of the film's funniest moments. While not the most artistic or technologically advanced film Disney has ever released, it is certainly one of its most fun. I would recommend this for just about anyone looking for a great comedy.
0783229100|5.0|THE STING gives us another example of the excitement Paul Newman and Robert Redford can generate when they work together. George Roy Hill who directed them in BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID duplicates his earlier feat with this highly acclaimed movie.<br />The story is about two confidence men who seek revenge and profit from the wily gangster who is responsible for the death of one of their buddies. Robert Shaw is superb as the East Coast mobster who is the target of the big con game being pulled off by Newman, Redford and their pals. The plot has enough twists to keep the viewer interested right up to the surprise ending.<br />THE STING won Academy Awards for Best Picture, Director (George Roy Hill), Original Story and Screenplay, Art Director, Adapted Scoring, Editing and Costume Design (Edith Head). Nominations were received for Best actor (Robert Redford), Cinematography and Sound.<br />The Oscar for Best Actor in 1973 went to Jack Lemmon for his performance in SAVE THE TIGER.
B00004YA66|5.0|All I can say is....Wow.  Well actually I can say more than that.  I totally loved this movie.  The storyline is fantastic.  Makes you wish you could have that chance with a lost loved one.  The icing on the cake is having two HOT men playing the leads in this movie.  I can't think of another actor who could have played the killer better not even Christopher Walken and that says a lot.  Anyone who has loved suspense should love this one.
0425152251|5.0|This book was given to me along with a bunch of other second-hand ones by an English teacher. Since i homeschool, he wanted to give me something to read. I wasn't really interested at first, but flipped through some of them and got hooked. &quot;Sohpie's World&quot;, is so amazing, I would have never thought about the concept Gaarder put in, about we, the people being just part of story, where the author is &quot;creating&quot; our future as he pleases. I have read and re-read the book, underlined the good parts, and then i wrote some of my own philosophy. It really made me look at life in a total different perspective. I love this book. I still can't believe how deep it is...
B00004Z459|4.0|im completely changeing this review.  Now, im not a fan of this badn really but i have to pay my respects.  They are very cutting edge, revolutionsary, and unique.  This have a genious/ revolutionary sound that is great if you like the style of music.  so if you like the style it is definately pick this one up.  They invented their own sound and i have to respect them....thats about it.  ive give it 4 cause they are at the forefront of this new style of music.
B00003CXDB|5.0|As we enter a new era of \\"reaga-nomics\\" of tax cutting and deficit spending, most people will find this movie well worth a second look. The amount of energy packed into this film is infectious. There are outstanding performances by Michael Douglas and Charlie Sheen. The supporting cast of Darryl Hannah and Martin Sheen are delightful. When I wrote my book \\"Futures For Small Speculators\\" I immediately thought of this movie. Every trader has two demons that successfully hinder his trading fear and greed. This movie delves deep into the psyche of what it takes to be a trader, but it falls short on the side of ethics and morality. I can watch this movie a dozen times and find some new insight.
B00008DDSC|4.0|This movie is so wonderful.While not for everyone, I wish I could say it was for everyone, but it certaintly isn't.A lot of people will be turned off, or uncomfterable by the subjects presented in this movie.But if you have an open mind, then you just have to see this movie!!Even though it goes into sadomasochism(did i get that right),and the acts of dominants/submissives, you certaintly do not have to be involved with any of these acts in order to love this movie.I mean, I'm 13, so I obviously don't  have any experiences with these themes.Like I mentiones previously all you need is an open mind.I expected this movie to take sadomasochism and make a big gag out of it, but it didn't.It dealt with the topic so sensitively, that for the first time in my life, I started to view these people not as sick people, but just as slightly irregular regular people with different needs.But I believe that sadomasochism is just a sub-theme, and that the real theme of this movie is,living,being happy,or in this case becoming happy.We start out with two broken characters, and together,they can live healthy, if slightly different lives.Maggie is just magical,and such a special and unique presence.I believe she makes the film what it is.We view her transformation from a bruised,closed-up little girl, into a confident,acceptive of her own-differences young woman.She has such a future ahead of her.James Spader tends to act a bit too silly to overcome his good looks, but overall, he turned in a great performance. I just wish that the movie would have had a bit more of a bckround on James Spader's character, and that the ending was a little too spontaneous for me.This movie was funny,sad,quirky,and totally heartwarming.It looks at love from a different level, not just the one that we've been fed with over the years.In the end, they're just two people, who,together, accept themselves for what they are, and come to realize that they ain't that bad.You gotta see it!!!
B000089RVX|5.0|That is exactly how this CD left me.  After listening to a few clips of the songs on this CD I automatically had to go out and buy this CD.  So, I went out, at 8 in the evening, and bought it.  I brought it home, and was definatly NOT dissapointed.  One of the few CDs that I own with a female singer.  Amy's voice is quite haunting (reminding me of Poe just a bit), and the music is great!  This is one of my CDs that I can tell is gonna be worn out by the end of the year!
0140185232|3.0|From the book The Razor's Edge, and the author name is W. Somerset Maugham. The book is mainly about a man named Larry and his quest to find spiritual path in life. Larry's quest was helped because of World War 1 and having a friend to save his life for the cost of his own. <BR>The settings in the book are perfect for the time of the book. It ranged from; Chicago, France, Germany, India and Texas. All this places have their own oar and have a special meaning. The book covered the years of 1920's to the early 1940's. But sometimes it skips years. Maugham writes about the places with the up-most description. <BR>The jest of this book was influence on a few people they are Isabel, Elliott, Sophie, and Larry. Isabel is a robust lady who lonely wants the material things of life. Elliot is a writer and tries to improve his wealth and position in society. And the free spirited woman named Sophie. She had the hardest time by tragedy and degradation. Larry was the lonely person you could relate too. But he was also a person who you just understand by a social group. <BR>The book evaluation to me did not rank very high. I just could not get into this book. I do give Maugham credit for writing this book because of its format and the way he tells the characters to us. Overall this book was well written and can catch the reader's eye if you like books about wealthy, arrogant people, and the people who are care free and don't have a penny.
1881273156|4.0|The book is intended for couples, but the ideas are applicable in nearly any relationship. In fact there is a chapter at the end for parent-child relationships.<br />The premise of the book is that each of us has a natural way of both expressing and understanding love, and that those natural ways fall into five different styles, or `languages.' In most cases we are married to a spouse whose natural language is different from our own. So when we try to express love to our spouse in our own language, it falls on deaf ears, so to speak. (In my own case I express in `acts of service', and my wife understands `words of affirmation'.) The theory is that this miscommunication starves the marriage relationship. But if we were to learn which language our spouse understands, and then use it consistently, we would improve our marriages tremendously.<br />Yes, I read this book at the request of my wife; thus lending credence to those who claim that a man won't read a marriage book on his own. But regardless of motivation and initiative, I'm glad I read it. While perhaps walking close to the line of being too simplistic, Chapman offers an easy to understand model. And the book also strives to be easy to apply by offering plenty of suggestions to help the reader get started in doing it. Expressing love consistently and over the long haul in marriage is by no means an easy proposition, but I think this book offers great help.
B0000508U6|5.0|Heartful, ethereal sounds that bring such beautiful harmony back into the pop picture. A self-proclaimed top 20 cynic, I usually run the other way if an album has sold so well to the masses. Occasionally, I am overwhelmed when the general public gives it up to a remarkable act that is so worthy of the praise. Coldplay burst on the scene with greatness. This work is haunting, lush and melancholic; but also uplifting and joyful. Their sense of melody and original creations of sound put them in a category (not to offend Radiohead, who are great in their own way) all their own.<br />A delightful work.
B000089CJI|5.0|After hearing the Dntel song &quot;(This is the Dream of) Evan and Chan,&quot; one can conjure up how fantastic electronica and indie can sound.  When I first heard that song I wished Ben Gibbard did more involving electonic tracks, and it seems as though my wish was granted.<br />The Postal Service is the dream of Ben and Dntel's Jimmy Tamborello.  The lyrics and music create an atmosphere very different to what is generally heard in electronica and indie rock.  Lyrically this isn't Ben's best in terms of content, but it's better than most singer/songwriters out there.  What it seems the lyrics are trying to is to compliment the music itself, not overpower it.  This is most evident on the last track &quot;natural anthem,&quot; where there is about 4 minutes of music before any singing starts.  The music of Jimmy Tamborello is a lot more refined and less glitchy than his Dntel work.  I'm not going to compare it to electronica artists like Aphex Twin or Photek because it's functioning to compliment the lyrics of Ben and create the atmosphere of this album.<br />This is beautifully produced music from two artists in their own right.  The Postal Service is not incredibly innovating lyrically or instrumentally.  What makes this album innovative and five-star worthy is the fusion of both these aspects.  This is a defining CD in that it has set a precedent for all similar types of indie/electronica music to come.
B00004Y635|4.0|Not really scary but lots of fun. Entertaining and funny. Score 98/100
0066214122|4.0|Crichton is a genius.  Prey is not the best of his recent works, I give that honor to Timeline, but it is close.  It is an exciting story full of technical theory.  If you like Crichton, you will love this book.  If you like realist SciFi, you will love it too.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has my unqualified recommendation. It has some of the best action, stunts, and visuals I have ever seen. The story is good also. It has good acting by Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne's parts. What is The Matrix? Well, the people who live, in their day in and day-out world, believe it is real. But it isn't real, it is just a mere software program, to shield our eyes from the truth. That software program that we believe is real, is called The Matrix. What is the truth? Well, sometime in the early 21st century, mankind celebrated over their marvel, their creation. AI: Artificial Intelligence. A singular consciousness that spawned a whole new race, of machines. They don't know who struck first, people or the machines. But it was us who blackened the sky, because we believed that without an energy source as abundent as the sun, they would die. The human body generates more bioelectricity than a 120 volt battery, combined with a source of fusion, the machines had found all the energy source they would ever need. So, the machines created fields of endless fields, where humans are no longer \\"born\\", we are grown. The machines created a \\"program\\" to control the people inside The Matrix. They can do things that seems impossible, like dodge bullets and other things. These \\"programs\\" are called Agents. Anyone who has fought an Agent, has died. When The Matrix was first built, there was a man born inside it, who had the ability change whatever he wanted, to remake The Matrix as he so fit. He was the one who set the first humans free to the real world. That man died, but an oracle said that he would return, to free humans from The Matrix, because as long as it exists, humans will never be free. So, Morpheus found Neo, who Morphues believes is \\"The One\\". But is he? An action movie at its best, that has stuning action scenes that no one can out do, except for maybe The Matrix Reloaded, the sequel. So go out and rent this movie, for you will not regret it.
B00003CX5P|2.0|After 16 years, Star Wars fans finally got the first episode proper of the popular film franchise. Sadly, it failed to deliver on nearly every front. While Lucas' special effects are once again top-notch(although many other movies nowadays have equal or better effects), the screenplay and acting performances are insultingly bad. Okay, so the only Star wars actor/actress to ever be above DUD is Alec Guinness(and Jar Jar Binks gives the most convincing performance in this movie), but the script here is offensive. We have stereotypical charcters representing Asians, Jews, etc. and the whole thing is rather offensive. I'll give it two stars for great effects, but it really detracts rather than adds to the Star Wars legend.
B00006RAKP|5.0|The definitive Elton John CD.  It has all the hits &amp; if you are a big Elton fan, you will not be disappointed.  This is the first EJ CD I ever bought &amp; I am really enjoying listening to it. Get it for yourself or for any Elton lover on your list.
6305089957|4.0|This is a good sequel to a good original. Again this is a good movie 2 watch during the night. <br />SCORE: 98/100<br />Original lovers will like this.
6300182452|5.0|A man no one knows rides into a town with a shady present and past.  People in Lago seem paranoid and some are guilt ridden.  As the show continues you start finding out why.  Three men are hired to protect the town, especially from the three outlaws the town double-crossed who will be getting out of prison soon.  Strangers aren't welcome here.  But Eastwood is here to settle a score, that's why the sound of whips make him flinch.  After Eastwood guns down the three men who are \\"protecting\\" Lago, they need someone else to take their place.  Eastwood is reluctant to accept their offer until the appointed sheriff tells him he can have anything he wants that the town has to offer.  Before it's all over he makes them sorry they asked.  But he does accomplish what he came to town to do.  Watch for Geoffrey Lewis, who's been in other Eastwood movies and played his brother in \\"Every Which Way But Loose\\".
B00003CX5P|2.0|After 16 years, Star Wars fans finally got the first episode proper of the popular film franchise. Sadly, it failed to deliver on nearly every front. While Lucas' special effects are once again top-notch(although many other movies nowadays have equal or better effects), the screenplay and acting performances are insultingly bad. Okay, so the only Star wars actor/actress to ever be above DUD is Alec Guinness(and Jar Jar Binks gives the most convincing performance in this movie), but the script here is offensive. We have stereotypical charcters representing Asians, Jews, etc. and the whole thing is rather offensive. I'll give it two stars for great effects, but it really detracts rather than adds to the Star Wars legend.
B00000IQC8|5.0|this is a terrific movie!  I think most people have problems with the dry wit and the fact it's in black and white, but I find all of it greatly deep and fun to watch.  I cant find a single reason why anyone wouldnt want to watch this!<br />oh, ps... try to avoid the alternate ending... it's a true depresser!
6305291446|4.0|Entertaining with a good cast. Original scream queens back! Score: 89/100
B00007BH3Y|5.0|Phillip Glass is such a prolific, accomplished composer that he is actually the Beethoven of our time. He has already composed brilliant music, such as the scores to such films as Tod Browning's \\"Dracula\\"(Bela Lugosi version), Cocteau' \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" of which he also composed an opera of, the documentary \\"Anima Mundi\\" and the mysterious, mystic symphonies.<br /> Phillip Glass has composed elegant chamber music, and makes use of this in The Hours, as well as the twentieth century music technique of minimalism. The Hours is scored for a chamber orchestra, violins and a piano. The music perfectly captures the haunting, reflective, serious nature of the film. After all, the film, based on Michael Cunningham's book, is a tragedy containing pain and struggles, death and the less romantic but life-affirming aspects of reality. Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) commits suicide by drowning herself in a river after a lifetime of feeling herself an outsider, Clarissa Vaughn (Meryl Streep) feels the pain of her husband's suicide, an Aids victim and poet and Laura Brown (Juliann Moore) is a troubled woman who abandons her family.<br />Especially striking are the opening \\"The Poet Acts\\" and \\"Morning Passages\\", but the score seems to be more expressive, more dark in \\"Why Does Someone Have To Die ?\\" and in the final segment \\"The Hours\\". The haunting piano passages almost recalls Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata- a haunting three notes that become variations. Three is a significant number in the film because we are watching, to quote the film, \\"the lives of three women in a single day, and in that day, her whole life\\". <br />The climatic scene of Virginia Woolf's suicide in the river is accompanied by appropriately somber music and seem to echo even her last words which she wrote to her husband and publisher Leonard, \\"Always the years between us, always, the hours\\".I thought the music was the best from the movies and encourage its purchase and addition to your collection.
B00005R2BG|5.0|I was at first scared to approach this movie after seeing the previews on T.V, still one day I flipped through my channels and stopped at Moulin Rouge I stood there for about a minute thinking about the previews I saw and realized this could be awesome. Not thinking twice I quickly pressed select and saw the ending (Where Satine died, how sad). Then not long after that I knew the charatcers names, the storyline, and almost all the lyrics. The story begins like this: 1900 in the city of Paris we zoom over Paris to find the adult Christian curled up in a ball holding a bottle of wine in his hand, Christian decides to type his story about the woman he loved that was ...dead. Paris a year back Christian travled from London to go to Paris to seek his fortune as a English Writer, while pondering at his typewriter an uncouinscous Argetnina fell through his roof, he was shortly followed by Toulouse, a dwarf who was rehearsing a play with his friends. Next thing Christian knew he was standing ontop of a ladder standing in for still uncounicous Argentina. Everyone started arguing about what Toulouse would sing about, everyone started bickering and thinking hard all the sudden Christian started singing THE HILLS ARE ALIVE WITH THE SOUND OF MUSIC.  Everyone fell in love with Christian's wonderful voice and words he sang they decide that Audrey and Christian write Spectular, Spectular together still Audrey filled with rage and left the apartment. The four knew that Christian should write the show, Christian at the same time tried to escape the Bohmeins quickly stopped him and ask him if he believed Beauty,Freedom,Truth and Love? Christian said yes to all of them espicelly above them all love (Let's skip ahead to the good part). Christian soon falls in love with Satine still The Duke is head over heels as well, shortly after saying she will leave happily with Christian , Harold stops her and tells her straight out that she is dieing. Satine then knew she had to protect Christianin anyway possible even if she had to hurt him (emotionally. Satine dresss in her black dress and rushes over to Christian's apartment and tells him that she can't see him , because she wants to stay with The Duke. Christian becomes heart broken that following night while rain poured down Christian ran in front of the Moulin Rouge screaming his true love's name. The two guards punched Christian down and soon Christian passed out, luckily for him his good friends The Bohemeins took him under there wings espicelly Toulouse who stayed by Christian's bedside to see if he awoke from the fever. Christian felt like he had to shut out Toulouse for a while , and return to the Moulin Rouge (Even though ailing) one last time. At the end you know she dumps the duke, goes for Christain.. she dies ... The End. I know I skipped more than a few details I just like the good parts, (When they found him is my favortie part , don't know why). I love this movie, the music in the movie and every single scene is the best (Expect when Christian gets angry with Nini and Toulouse I hate those two scenes they make me cry, again I don't know why). See it, rent it , buy it for Easter. Happy Holidays and Good - Luck finding another copy of this film.
0800187792|5.0|I loved this movie and now own it for myself, smply because of the fact that it is such an aweing film.  Along with th best, most inspiring plot I've ever seen in a movie, it also has a soundtrack beautiful enough to make you cry.  Anyone who wuldn't like this movie would hae to be crazy.  I haven't heard a bad review of it yet.
B000059XYM|4.0|Hilarious with raunchy humor. 2 raunchy but good. Score: 95/100
B00006RIO7|5.0|Jazz appeared in the music scene in the 1920's, although its seed seemed to be budding by the turn of the century and early 1900's, especially with ragtime and the \\"jazz\\" quality of such composers as Ravel and Stravinsky. When people think of the 20's, the mythic world that F. Scott Fitzgerald's \\"Great Gatsby\\" envisioned comes to mind- decadence, promiscuity, extreme alcoholism, nightclubs, flappers and gang mobsters. Chicago in the 20's was most defintaly a perfect setting for a music that emphasizes the decadence of the 20's. With Prohibition enforced, beer barons and mobsters reigned supreme with their selling of alcohol and the new trend in music called jazz swept America by storm. <br />The musical Chicago has undergone many changes but remains a popular favorite. The fact that it won Best Picture of 2002 proves that point. The soundtrack to the Miramix motion picture has the hit numbers, including bonus material of modern \\"rap\\" beat with Queen Latifah and Lil Kim singnig. The film starred Katherine Zeta Jones as Velma Kelly, a free-spirited nightclub dancer, Renee Zellwegger as Roxie Hart, the innocent-faced and vacuous young woman accused of murder and Richard Gere as her lawyer. The songs have become famous, mainly through the stage musicals of the 70's and the recent up-to-date film. It struck a chord in the 70's, in the wake of Richard Nixon and the Watergate scandal, because the press had an important role in the event, just as the press manipulates truth nowadays in order to attain power- the scene of John. C. Riley holding the strings to the puppets in a puppet show clearly represent that in strong cinematic symbolism.<br />These songs are all here on this cd, with vibrant spirit and \\"all that jazz\\". They include Chicago's anthem \\"All That Jazz\\", \\"Roxie\\", \\"The Cell Block Tango\\", \\"Nowadays\\", \\"Class\\" and \\"Razzle Dazzle\\". Chicago is a popular favorite and won several Oscars. Personally, I would have selected The Hours or Frida for Best Picture and Best Score.
039472903X|4.0|I was afraid that it might be a bit outdated, and while some of the statistics are no longer relevant, it proved that a good book with classic ideas can never go out of style.
B00005RY7X|5.0|A.W.K. just wrote the single best party album EVER.  'Nuff said.
B0000039LE|5.0|Scary. Focuses more on the scares than the violence/gore. Fun. Score: 98/100
B000002UYZ|5.0|This collection contains the highlights of their career from Love me do, which was a British top 20 hit in 1962, to the end of 1966. Love me do became more successful later - it topped the US charts in 1964 and reached the UK top five when re-issued as a single in the eighties.<br />The Beatles were very good musicians, but what set them apart from everybody else was their songwriting. In those days, it was normal for songs to be written by people who did just that, leaving others to record them. Perhaps people assumed that performers would be too busy to actually write their own material, but the Beatles proved that it could be done. Indeed, they were so good at it that they had enough songs left over for others to have hits with covers of their songs. So here you get the Beatles' own version of Michelle, which topped the British charts for the Overlanders, as well as many songs which became hits for the Beatles.<br />The songs that were released as singles varied from one country to another. For example, Eight days a week and Yesterday were both number one hits in America, but neither were released as Beatles singles in Britain. Instead, Yesterday was a hit for Matt Monro while Eight days a week was given to Alma Cogan. Nevertheless, some songs were number one in both countries, including I want to hold your hand, Can't buy me love, A hard day's night, I feel fine, Ticket to ride, Help, Paperback writer and the double-sided coupling of Day tripper with We can work it out.<br />Such is the strength in depth that most of the songs here are famous. The only possible criticism of this set is that, with only 65 minutes of music, it could have fitted on a single CD. A better idea would be to add extra tracks. There are other songs from this period that were hits for others, including Do you want to know a secret, I wanna be your man and Got to get you into my life. Other songs, such as I'll follow the sun, If I fell, Act naturally, I've just seen a face, Here there and everywhere and For no one, have been well-covered down the years. All of these and others could be added to this set without reducing the quality.<br />Despite the running time, this is still an outstanding compilation of music by the Beatles, the most important pop group of the twentieth century.everywhere and For no one, have been well-covered down the years. All of these and others could be added to this set without reducing the quality.<br />Despite the running time, this is still an outstanding compilation of music by the Beatles, the most important pop group of the twentieth century.
B000063COX|4.0|What true heavy metal was all about in the early 80's and one of<BR>the best bands to showcase that was Iron Maiden. Their first<BR>intial release brought out some great heavy tracks that took<BR>aggression in music to a whole different level songs like &quot;Sanctury&quot; and the ever enduring classic &quot;Running Free&quot;<BR>that put this band on the map. Still good to listen to.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Honestly, I'm not a fan of anime movies, but when I first watched this film, I was amazed. Everything was fantastic, the plot, the characters, and how Hayao Miyazaki payed so much attention to detail in Chihiro's quest to save her parents, and aid Haku. This movie is great for young and old, and I'm sure you would love this too. Hayao, you have really outdone yourself this time!
6304675348|4.0|Classic. Fun. A bloodbath. It's all good. Score: 98/100
006092988X|5.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a classic in every sense of the word. Betty Smith has brought us a compelling story of the Nolan Family who lives in Williamsburg Brooklyn, in the early 1900's.  I really enjoyed reading this book and the story and its characters will live on in my mind for years to come.<br />Francie Nolan is the main character of this book and we follow her and her family thoughout all the hardships that befall them. Money is not very plentiful in the Nolan household but yet somehow this family knows how to take a loaf of stale bread and turn it into a feast.  We learn how Francie makes it through her teenage years and her story is of hope and survival.<br />I truly enjoyed reading this book, it was well written with a lot of great characters especially Francie, Aunt Sissy and Katie.  This is the type of book I could read again and its one that I plan to hold on to for a very long time.
B000084T18|4.0|First off, if you are going to criticize someone and say that they can't sing, and suggest they can't read. How about YOU learn to SPELL! Rediculous? what word is THAT??? How about &quot;ridiculous&quot;, look it up in Websters Dictionary, if you need to. You say this very talented man, can't sing.Umm that is why he is called a RAPPER! He raps, not sings. Well Frank Sinatra didn't exactly &quot;sing&quot; and he was known as a genius. If you listen to Frank once,(You can borrow my double cd if you'd like) you'll see he almost talks but in a quicker tempo so it sounds as if he's singing, sure he sings once in a while, but you say that 50 cent is what is wrong with this country. The man is doing better than you obviously, and you are one of them people who is looking for someone to blame for their own failure in life. Do us all a favor and go to Sweden as you said, because you can't spell~&gt; &quot;rediculous&quot; and &quot;concieve&quot; ?? Where did you learn to spell? Once again its RIDICULOUS and CONCEIVE! Illiterate people like you is what is wrong with America, not 50 cent. We spend our money and time on education and you still can't spell.<BR> Every musician has their own style and 50 cent's style is what makes him great and what makes him successful. You should do the same, develop a uniqueness about yourself then you too can be a millionaire, because not knowing how to spell won't get you far in life.<BR>  A GREAT cd, I suggest for the people who download the cd, the add the bonus tracks featured on the import cd.<BR> 4 Stars, because every artist can improve in some way. Overall a great cd to listen to while driving out and about.
B00006JJ1O|3.0|I don't know if the girls of t.A.T.u. put this album out for shock value or what have you, but at any rate, they do make pretty good music. The hit song \\"All The Things She Said\\" is definitely the best song on the album, and \\"30 Minutes\\" comes in<br />at second. But the way they put this album together is kind of weird.<br />Technically, although this album has eleven tracks (or twelve, counting the video track), there are only eight real songs on here. Tracks 9 and 10 are Russian versions of \\"All The Things She Said\\" and \\"Not Gonna Get Us\\", respectively, while track 11 is an extended version of \\"Show Me Love\\", which isn't exactly the greatest song on the album. And another thing, I have no problem with the girls' lesbianism, but is that all they ever talk about? Sure, they don't always say it in so many words, and the melodies are pretty decent, but it gets a little boring after a while.<br />So, while this album is flawed, it's not a waste of money. The production is tight and the lyrics are introspective, but the subject matter is too familiar track after track. At least you can still tell the girls have talent.
006097625X|5.0|Scott McCloud does a fantastic job explaining the history, potential, and inner workings of comics as a medium. I was especially impressed with his concise descriptions of visual theory and its particular applications to comics. Occasionally I felt that McCloud's treatment of a topic could have been more fleshed-out (the chapter on color, for example, or his concluding idea of comics as a particularly good form of communication) or that he made some unnecessary generalizations (his definition of art was a bit trite and even misleading). On the whole, though, McCloud's ideas are sophisticated and he is able to communicate them with surprising eloquence to both the art historian and the general public. In fact, though I am an art historian, I learned a good deal from this book.<br />McCloud's decision to use the comic format to present his ideas is ingenious, and I doubt that prose alone would have been able to deliver his messages with such clarity. The one drawback to the format is that I fear it will only appeal to those who already value comics, and that as a result those who most need to hear what McCloud has to say never will!
B0000640VO|5.0|I didn't think it was possible to make you feel all warm and fuzzy without being corny and having a dumb plot. Then I saw Amelie. This movie is truly wonderful, full of wonder. The sweet, impish Amelie is a perfect romantic comedy protagonist. She's all the things that a heroine should be but something about her gives the character a strange, shy edge. It is fantastic but not so fantastic that it's too out there. And it's FUNNY, really funny. And it's got so many fun little details about characters and things. And oh. It's so hard to maintain a respectable air to my review when I love this movie so much.<br />I don't think it's possible to dislike this movie.<br />Romance-cheesiness+good acting+interesting characters+clever dialogue+beautiful imagery and color+great plot=Amelie
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah has a beautiful voice! I'm so jealous. :) I think she should be more recognized and people like Christina Augelera shouldn't. I mean Christina has a good voice and all, but she dresses horribly!Norah at least has morals. And that's what I really like about her.
B00008IHN1|4.0|I saw drumline in theaters with my girlfriend, both of us are into music of all types and i believe you have to appreciate music, especially marching bands and precussion ensembles, to appreciate this movie. While the plot and acting leave much to be desired the sole music and marching band preformance of the movie make it intresting enough to keep your attention.  There are many flashy \\"stick tricks\\" that the main charicter preforms that make this movie exciting.  This combined with the element of competion that existis between the bands makes this movie enjoyable and stimulating.  I would recomend this to anyone who enjoys the preformance aspect of being in a marching band, and to anyone who enjoys precussion instrauments.
006092988X|5.0|This is a touching and realistic portrait of a young girl, living in the slums of New York at the turn-of-the-century. Francie Nolan is a loveable character, one who overcomes adversity and prevails. The narration, sense of place, believable characters and historical presence are all excellent.<br />A novel with a similar tone is &quot;Marjorie Morningstar&quot;.
B00005UW9T|5.0|I thought this was a great movie. The fact that it was by Disney, and a musical with an awesome love story made it all the more worthwhile for kids and the older ones. It might not tell the whole tale, which is okay, but what little kid is going to know? And the songs were amazing. Anyone could pick up the soundtrack and know every word. Great job, Disney!
B00005ALNI|3.0|It took me 20 yrs. to finally get around to seeing this movie.  Frankly, much of it was lost on me (though I did think Tom Berenger/Sam's Weber's attempt to jump into the seat of his convertible was hilarious).  It seemed that at least two thirds of the action of this movie was the characters sitting around sipping white wine, smoking pot, listening to oldies, and lamenting their friend's passing and their own slowly dissipating lives.  Perhaps the problem lies in the fact that I'm Generation X; I may have held a deeper appreciation for this movie if i were a Baby Boomer.
B00006AW2J|5.0|After listening to the Stones for quite some time now, I started replacing the old Vinyls, and Tapes with the remasterd cd's. I popped in Beggars Banquet, and from the opening bongo rhythms of \\"Sympathy For The Devil\\" to the last few chords of \\"Salt Of The Earth\\" I couldnt believe my ears. What have they done to my favorite album?!? Clearly, they made it so much better. The mixes are right, and the attitude is no other, Beggars Banquet is the best Stones album you can own. Besides Forty Licks, anyone intrested in the Stones should give this one a whirl. I didn't feel like typing out the best tracks on the album, just look at the track listing, and you'll see ALL of the standouts(if you catch my drift).....
B000002B2T|5.0|There is a world of side-project bands out there to listen to, but Mad Season's Above stands out as a truly once off piece of genius.  Staley's vocal stylings are reason enough to buy this, but other than that; the music is both gentle and caustic, simple and mesmerisingly complicated.  From the opening track 'Wake Up' you will be taken on a ride inside your own head, one narrated by Layne Staley and driven by the great and underrated genius of the band behind him.  So BUY IT! and then lay back and just trip...
B000002J1L|5.0|I just can't get enough of listening to this underrated classic from one of my favorite bands. I generally prefet the Phil Collins-era CDs over this album but that still doesn't take away from how much fun this CD really is. My favorite song is &quot;Return Of The Giant Hogweed&quot; with it's menacing musicianship and hearing Gabriel sing about predatory plants causing havoc on mankind! &quot;Harold The Barrel&quot; is the funniest song that Genesis has ever performed with a silly vibe and lightweight mood even if it's a bit brainless by Genesis standards. This CD, not &quot;Selling England By The Pound&quot; is where Phil Collins made his vocal debut. He can be heard on the gentle but short track &quot;For Absent Friends&quot;. I personally find it to be average in my opinion but he would put out unbelievable music during his days as a lead singer. The production of this album is terrible and sinks it down a little but still, it's an essential Genesis album. Go and get it!
0553801511|5.0|I've read all five books in this series and am fairly discriminating. But IMHO, you can go wrong with any of these. Start with the first series and read books 1-3 before starting this series. Who are they kidding?? You MUST know Fitz's history before trying to get into this series.<br />Anyway, its true that this 2nd book is more of a plot builder for the last book but that's great. There are so many excellent parts to this book. Wow!!
B000002J1L|5.0|I just can't get enough of listening to this underrated classic from one of my favorite bands. I generally prefet the Phil Collins-era CDs over this album but that still doesn't take away from how much fun this CD really is. My favorite song is &quot;Return Of The Giant Hogweed&quot; with it's menacing musicianship and hearing Gabriel sing about predatory plants causing havoc on mankind! This CD, not &quot;Selling England By The Pound&quot; is where Phil Collins made his vocal debut. He can be heard on the gentle but short track &quot;For Absent Friends&quot;. I personally find it to be average in my opinion but he would put out unbelievable music during his days as a lead singer. The production of this album is terrible and sinks it down a little but still, it's an essential Genesis album. Go and get it!
1573229725|1.0|I enjoyed Sarah Waters other books very much and thought they were well-written, clever, compelling stories. This book is not only disappointing by comparison but it is hopelessly trite, silly, preposterous and boring by any measure. It is hard to imagine that such a gifted author would turn out something like this. Some friend or editor should have saved her from this embarrassment.
B000000WA4|5.0|Billy Corgan, one of the most progressive musicians of the 1990's, went against the norm and encouraged The Smashing Pumpkins to release a double album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. A daring move, but not an unexpected one from the band's hairless lead singer.  This album not only ecompasses a wide scale of human emotions (anger, forlorn love, feeling the effects of fame), but it also is a landmark in a decade when musicians like Green Day and Nirvana were celebrated for keeping their songs short and sweet. The first disc is the more angry of the two, having songs like &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; and &quot;Jellybelly&quot; to follow the Pumpkins powerhouse tradition. The second disc is far more intimate and forlorn; some of it's best moments lie in &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby&quot; and &quot;Lily (My One and Only)&quot; when the facade that usually accompanies a rock band doesn't seem to be present. It may have not been as successful commercially as it was artistically, but from this reviewer I recommend buying this album for anyone who favors a band who don't follow the crowd.
B000002KNU|5.0|This ranks with the great album debuts &quot;The Chirping Crickets&quot; by Buddy Holly, &quot;Elvis Presley&quot; by Elvis Presley and &quot;Meet the Beatles&quot; by the Beatles. The album from 1977 is not like the trademark Talking Heads work. Instead, of new wave and ominous sounding songs it's a happy, bright and cheerful album. Only &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; is obviously, from the title, ominous sounding. David Byrne contributes strained voice to his singing along with playing his guitar with odd tunings. On &quot;Uh-Oh, Love Comes To Town&quot; the band sounds happiest, with marimbas in the instrumental break. &quot;New Feeling&quot; captures the Talking Heads as a hard rock group the way they sounded in downtown New York in the clubs. &quot;Tentative Decisions&quot; and &quot;Happy Day&quot; sound the same, less happier, but still cheerful. &quot;Who Is It?&quot; is the shortest song on the album, and probably the most simple, too. It has a funk sounding bass line accompanied by a stiff-sounding guitar. &quot;No Compassion&quot; is another hard rock-sounding shouted song with something I can't quite understand about &quot;still functioning like you used to,&quot; and &quot;be a little more selfish, it might do you some good.&quot; The last tunes are quite interesting, &quot;The Book I Read,&quot; the humorous &quot;Don't Worry About the Government&quot; and &quot;First Week/Last Week...Carefree&quot; which features a saxophone. &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; is the single from the album and the only ominous-sounding song, too. The final is a fast, wild happy tune called &quot;Pulled Up.&quot; This is great!
0375823352|5.0|To be blunt, \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" is not a book for everyone. By defying long lasting stereotypes and overwraught cliches, Philip Pullman presents us simply with a coming-of-age story set amidst grand battles of good and evil, a mythical blend of science, physics, and theology, and characters that challenge you at every turn of the page.<br />This book picks up the minute where \\"Subtle Knife\\" leaves off: the death of Will's father, Lyra mysteriously vanished, and the war revving up. The story starts from there, and takes off running. The writing is brisk and challenging on every page. Blurring the lines between good and evil, Pullman suggests that you can't classify a person as good or evil, but only their acts. It's a complex thought, and very daring, and very not \\"for everyone\\", which brings me to my next point.<br />I can absolutely see where Christians, or people of any faith, would have serious problems with these books. There is an epic struggle against the one they call \\"The Authority\\", which stages events for Lyra's development in the future. Some people don't take kindly to any literature that dares to challenge God. I respect that fear, but disagree with it. It is in the challenge that illuminates our own beliefs and faith.<br />I believe such a story, taken in one way, could never sway someone who was truly faithful away from their beliefs, and condemning them into a life in hell. Possibly our positions arre very precarious, and one little push could send someone tumbling into the deep pit fires. But I prefer to view my faith as illuminated by certain challenges, and it's in the questioning that you discover the deeper meanings that always were there.<br />Not to say that this book does that. You could read this book with a thousand different interpretations. The ending is quite interesting, and something  that I didn't predict would happen did, and as a reader, it's always nice to be surprised. But religious allegory, it isn't, but simply, a coming-of-age story, and am amazing one at that, of a little girl who finds her purpose in life.<br />I'll be thinking of this book, and the entire series, for my lifetime to come.ge story, and am amazing one at that, of a little girl who finds her purpose in life.<br />I'll be thinking of this book, and the entire series, for my lifetime to come.
B00005JM93|3.0|The camera is alive throughout the film. Its frantic, dizzying, floating movements will either hypnotize you, force you to vomit or question what the hell you're actually looking at on screen (I'm with the latter). Eventually, in a couple of scenes, the camera sobers up, only to present us images that will totally horrify and repel us.<br />The most infamous scenes, as everybody knows, are a rape and the beating of a man with a fire extinguisher. These scenes are violent in a way that Hollywood violence is not. And even though there are \\"good\\" characters defeating a \\"bad\\" character in the film, we are not cheering in the same way that we root for the action hero to destroy the villain.<br />Hollywood presents violence of an \\"attractive\\" sort. We don't cover our eyes while watching somebody get shot, beaten, or blown up. The realistic consequences are absent. Yet, in IRREVERSIBLE, one of the friends of a raped woman vengefully bashes the face of the rapist with a fire extinguisher until he is literally faceless. We, the audience, are terrified by this. We want the character to stop, rather than continue.<br />The following sequence involves a rape, that is uncut and (reportedly) seven or nine minutes long. The genius of the sequence lies in the performance by Monica Bellucci. Her terror is executed to shockingly realistic effect (as is the case with every other performance in the film). But why did Gasper Noe, the director, shoot such a scene for so long?<br />People ask a similar querie as to why filmmaker Larry Clark depicts young adult actors in the nude. Well, I think it's because he's brave enough to actually make films about sex and depict it in a \\"realistic\\" light (otherwise, why write a film about sexuality at all?). And that's what Gasper Noe is trying to do with this film, only he has made a film about the negative results of violence; unwatchable and totally graphic.<br />But this is a film. Film is fictional. Yet the whole point of going to the movies isto disregard the fact that what's on screen has been staged. And to watch IRREVERSIBLE is to see something that is beyond cinema, yet obviously very cinematic ( i.e. the ever mobile camera).<br />Will I see this film again? Probably not. Am I glad that I saw it in a theater? Yes; the film is an aural and visual experience a la REQUIEM FOR A DREAM.<br />However, the violence and acting is so amazingly realistic, that I just might return to it (not soon) to admire that aspect of it.
B00000294R|5.0|Although gunned down at twenty-two, in his first record, <BR>\\" Lifestylez Ov Da Poor and Dangerous,\\" Big L opens up the new direction of hip hop in the early 90's. This record was before its time and reps the pre Nas flow .  L switches back from rapid and quick to conversational flow. He spits about the rough life in the, \\" Danger Zone,\\" and his gangsta persona that would later take his life. The production is clean and at no point would the listener think that L was younger than 18 during the making of this record. Beats in this record are produced by C. Boogie, Buck Wild and guest appearances include Cam'ron aka Killa Kam, and a quick spittin' Jay Z. His up tempo and aggressive flow is what grabs you on this record, and you feel like your in on something nobody else has heard. The record needs to be a purchase from you, and is a classic such as, \\" Illmatic,\\" or, \\" The Infamous.\\" Big L stayed under the mainstream lights, but if he could have broke before his death we would all be chantin' his name instead of whack emcees takin' the pop charts right now.
B00005JLXC|3.0|Based on the MARVEL comic book series, DAREDEVIL is a visually stunning adaption, but it lacks the good-natured fun of the recent CB movies like X-MEN and SPIDER-MAN. Mixed reviews haven't dampened it's commercial output however, seeing the latest film in the long string of superhero movies being one of the more succesful. Directed by Mark Steven Johnson, Daredevil centres around a young boy who loses his sight in an accident. Ben Affleck plays the title hero who uses his other over-developed senses to fight criminals. Whereas Tobey Maguire was perfect for the role of Spiderman, Affleck fares less well, playing a visually-impared superhero. The villians including the up-and-coming Colin Farrell who does an excellent job as the lethal Bullseye. Michael Clark Duncan does little more than order people around and while Jennifer Garner (Elektra) provides eye candy but little else. Overall, it's eye-popping and cool, but lacks the wonder and excitement of previous MARVEL films.
B00004Z459|5.0|brilliant, and not the standard fodder of early teens, as so much of nu metal is. <br />it's sophisticated, thought-provoking, and full of skilled variety - check out the way the chorus melody (\\"there's something inside me...\\") is slid, with knife-like precision, through a wall of sound at the end of \\"Crawling\\" (track 5). <br />the lyrics are worth considering in their own right. let's take a look at them.<br />the opening track, Papercut, gives us the main themes of the album, darkness and betrayal: \\"the sun goes down I feel the light betray me.\\"<br />what is the nature of this darkness? it grips and won't let go: \\"the darkness holding me tightly.\\" it confuses and consumes: \\"there's something inside me that pulls beneath the surface consuming, confusing.\\" <br />we are being asked to consider a life that is wounded (\\"these wounds, they will not heal\\"), and, though externally normal, internally, is in disarray (\\"i make the right turns but i'm lost within\\").<br />what part does the outside world play in all this? well, the outside world's a bother. it's something one has to lie to to get by in: \\"the sacrifice of hiding in a lie.\\" this seems to be particularly the case as far as relationships are concerned. for this band, relationships are, or have been, bad news. partners are vampires; they feed on you: \\"find another place to feed your greed\\". the fear is of becoming as ruthless and selfishly demanding as the partner \\"maybe someday i'll be just like you, and step on people like you do.\\"<br />another major concern is time. it has been commented that the catchy nature of In the End's melody is a draw to a more mature audience. but surely it is also the lyrical content of the song, with it's focus on clock-watching: \\"time is a valuable thing, watch it fly by as the pendulum swings...the clock ticks life away.\\"<br />so, how does the sufferer of this life in darkness react? well, he is \\"slow to react,\\" owing to the fact that he's out of strength, \\"my life, my pride is broken.\\" in such circumstances, he clearly doesn't have many options available to him. he can only wish. and what he chooses to wish for is important: \\"wish I could find a way to disappear.\\" at this point, any reasonably literate listener will be thinking of the character in Bret Easton Ellis's debut novel, Less than Zero, who is so troubled by and drawn to the advertising sign 'DISAPPEAR HERE'.<br />what else does the character wish for? \\"i wanna shut the door and open up my mind.\\" the request would seem to be for illumination - a closing down of the outside world, and an opening of the doors of perception. this is in keeping with the faintly mystical melody Linkin Park chooses to open Reanimation with, which carries a strong sense of the wearing down of a life over time to its finest, purest elements.<br />overall, i'd say there's real strength in these lyrics and in the music that accompanies them; this is a band with something to say, and with sufficient musical and verbal eloquence to say it. that, for me, is why they will endure long after the thirteen year olds have moved on to the next 'big thing'.
B00004YX39|5.0|You've got to hand it to Walter and Donald.  Album for album, I may have listened to their music more than just about any other music in my life.  Every Steely Dan album invites MULTIPLE listens because the songs are so beautifully arranged.  \\"Gaucho\\" is no exception.  I could listen to Jeff Porcaro's drum ruffs on the title track all day long!  Elsewhere, Bernard Purdie's \\"Purdie Shuffle\\" on \\"Babylon Sisters\\" make it the hippest cruising song, while the stellar piano solo on \\"Glamour Profession\\" is just so RIGHT.  The remastered version sounds so much better than my worn out cassette.  I guess I'll be forced to buy remastered versions of all of Steely's catalog, but at the rate I listen to their albums, it'll be the best return on my money possible!!!!!
0871137380|4.0|From the dozen Hellfires launched on a mud house where the clan elders are gathered for a meeting to the terrible violence unleashed on the angry citizens of an abused city by a panicking group of US soldiers, this book doesn't paint a rosy picture of the US military machine.<br />Maybe the quesion posed by the last reviewer of What They Do, Why They Do It is best answered by the book itself: <BR>1. kill people,<BR>2. They don't even know.
B00005AAFS|4.0|This is probably Rammsteins Best CD!!! I loved their other ones ,E.G. Sehnsucht, Herzeleid, and Live Aus Berlin, but this one shows them for lack of a better term as more mature artists.  With songs like Mein Herz Brent-My hearts broken, and Feuer Frei!-Open Fire! I mean Damn!!! they're so full of energy!!! and life!!!  One of my favorites Rein Raus-In Out is a great song!!  and once you've seen the lyrics to Zwitter-Hermapherdite translated you'll get a good laugh!!There is only one song on there that i wish was better and thats Nebel-Mist its not that i don't like it its just that it is a little slow even for me!! overall this CD is an awsome purchase!!!!
B00005JLSC|5.0|I absolutly loved this movie. I saw it with my sisters and I had a blast. I can't wait till it comes on DVD. I was very impressed with all the singing and dancing. The plot was funny and spicy. It had very interesting costumes, scenery, and dance moves. I reccomend it to anyone who loves a really funny musical movie. I was practicly dancing in my seat. After the movie I had to go out and by the soundtrack. I've listened to it so many times, I know all the songs by heart. I was very impressed with everything in the movie. I hope it wins a lot of Oscars, it trully deserves them all!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|As I scour the endless number of reviews for this movie, most of them strike chords within me, the same chords that were ringing in my head as \\"Mad World\\" ended and Jena Malone waves at Mrs. Darko with that faint sense of recognition on her face.  This recognition was a bond born of a sacrifice by a man they barely knew; a sacrifice that saved them from certain death.  <BR>     This movie is quite simply man given a chance by God (Frank) to not only see that he in fact will not die alone and many people loved him for who he was but how one man's actions affect the whole world around him; he gives Donnie the opportunity to give back to those he ends up loving so dearly at the end.  <BR>     I believe Richard Adams didnt know the effects of this final product.  His ideas about time travel, Manipulated Living, etc. are wonderful but I believe such higher ideals are being explored here.  Fate vs choice, agnosticism vs faith, isolation vs community    This film is bathed in all of these elements.  Just like any Cameron Crowe movie, this one has no genre, no pigeonhole that so many of these reviewers need to satiate their desire for mediocrity in film.  These one star reviews are humorous at best, embarassing at worst.  Just admit you had no idea of the depth this movie was trying to open your eyes to.  I say watch it again   and then again    then again.  Try to remember the despair and angst your teenage years cast upon your soul.  This movie is not for the weak-minded, small-minded, or close minded.  But, if you are truly interested in watching one mans struggle with his own humanity as well as his foreknowledge of the future(think Kazantzakis'Last Temptation of Christ), as well as his struggle to eliminate isolation through a discovery of God, Donnie Darko is for you.  BTW, skip the deleted scenes; they just narrow the possibilites of intrepetations.
B000001C6M|5.0|Show no Mercy is the best albulm by the best heavy metal band.  This albulm heavily influenced my own music ambitions, especially &quot;Tormentor&quot;, &quot;Metal Storm/Face the Slayer&quot; and the most underrated and perhaps the best song by Slayer: &quot;Crionics&quot;.  This Albulm as a whole is rather underrated and deserves a spot among early Metallica and early Black Sabbath as one of the best of the genre.
0671024256|5.0|&quot;On Writing&quot; is more than simply a book about writing, it is a primer for loving life.<br />I must admit right away that I am not a Stephen King fan: I have not read any of his books before this one!  I did enjoy several movie adaptations of his work AND I was not brave enough to read the pages from his *frightening* books.<br />So I was quite intrigued by this thoughtfully written, very funny, self reflective book which is as much as a love story as it is about the craft of writing.<br />Deeper than Mr. King's love of writing, I experienced his satisfying, long love for his wife, Tabitha.  I find myself curious about HER work now as well!  Also, I connected with the LOVE of writing simply for the joy of writing...as well as the healing quality of writing....simply for writing's sake.<br />Read it!! Read it!! Read it!!
B000062YAY|5.0|This live albulm is remarkable for both its execution and its song selection.  It contains almost all of the best tracks from Slayer, minus a few from Show No Mercy, and is unbelievable in terms of the tecnical skill and musicianship.  Considering how complicated and difficult Slayer's music is, it is amazing they pulled off theirs riffs live as tightly as they did.  Some of the songs, such as Postmortem, The Anti-Christ, and Die by the Sword, are even faster than on the original albulms, enhancing the music even more.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Ok, when Limp came out with 3 dollar bill, I thought it was cool, Faith was a great song.  Then came Nookie which wasnt as good but alright, then came Rollin.  This song is Horrible, the cd is horrible.  They badly need a new single that will blow us  away!
B000062YAZ|5.0|This is one of the top two Slayer studio albulms, second only to Show No Mercy.  I prefer the older Slayer albulms because the riffs and lyrics are more intelligable and less cacaphonous.  As a hard rock guitarist, these songs greatly influenced my own albulm.  Slayer simply redefined heavy metal, and no one else has ever surpassed what they accomplished, nor do I think anyone ever will.
B00006LLNV|5.0|I was quite impressed when Elliot Goldenthal got the Golden Globe for original score, he was running against big composers such as Elmer Bernstein and Philip Glass. Then again at the Oscars he managed to win over Thomas Newman and John Williams. Well I cant say anything about the music in the movie, because &quot;Frida&quot; hasnt opened in Brazil yet, but I bought either way (I always buy nominated scores). What I can say is that the mexican spirit indeed is in Elliots compositions. I was astonished with some very unusual tracks like &quot;La Cavalera&quot; and &quot;Solo Tu&quot;, which captures your senses in a strange way. Some tracks have the sample of the theme song &quot;Burn it Blue&quot; which was beautifully sung by Caetano Veloso and Lila Downs. The lyrics are quite beautiful so is the composition. It isnt only a score CD, it has also some mexican artists that collaborated to create an atmosphere that takes your imagination through the mexican scenario. Salma Hayek herself sings in a song called &quot;La Bruja&quot; a rendition of a very popular song from a group called &quot;Los Vegas&quot; that sing with her as well.<BR>Highlights (speaking about the score itself) go to &quot;The Journey&quot;, &quot;Still Life&quot; and &quot;Burning Bed&quot;.<BR>It is wonderful and youll be flabbergasted.
B00005KAQP|5.0|Just take a look at this brilliant cast. All of them are true artist and i believe the last film that Mary Wicks made before she died.  She is unfailing in her comic-relief nun who was in my mind, the most expressive comedy actress ever.  The film itself is light with a breath of fresh air. The re-worked songs for the nuns is outstanding with a beautiful orchestra to back them up. This is another Hollywood hit film that is a joy to watch over and over again. Or just skip to the songs that you like. The sound in DVD is wonderful especially if you have a 5.1 or 7.1 system.
B000069AT7|5.0|If I could only own one DVD, E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial Ultimate Gift Boxed Set would be the one. The Extra Features are endless. This is easily the greatest motion picture of all time! Also the greatest DVD ever assembled. Enough Said!
B00000K3D4|5.0|I could watch this one over and over again! Its a really neat well presented family movie. David Bowie is wonderful at playing the role of the Goblin King. This is must see movie for those who like something out of the ordinary
0375414053|5.0|I read this book from Stockholm to LA while on business travel.  I laughed out loud and sobbed out loud.   The flight attendent asked me if I was ok.  I was so embarrassed.  I am a mother of two and a sales director for a high tech company.  I liked that Kate was real - warts and all.   Yes,  it would have been a nice ending for her to triumph with it all.   But she grew up and didn't want it *all* the way it was working for her.   I can't believe all the judgemental reviews from everyone.   God,  it is just hilarious fiction that I would still recommend highly to all my working mother friends that I can't find time to go to lunch with.
0553213105|4.0|I am ashamed to admit it, but, yes, I have been reading for over 25 years and this is the very first time that I have ever read Jane Austen. None of her novels were required in high school, no literature class that I took in college used any as a text, and I had never thought to pursue her for sheer entertainment. It is quite sad, actually, for I find Austen much more accessible than some of the classic that I did have to wade through, including Wuthering Heights and The Scarlet Letter. Austen has recently seen a resurgence in popularity, likely due to the recent BBC and Hollywood adaptations of her books, including the Emma Thompson vehicle Sense and Sensibility.<br />Pride and Prejudice was Austen's second novel, following the success of Sense and Sensibility. Its original title was--and I'm not making this up a la Dave Barry--First Impressions. To my taste, this would have been a much more apt title, but it had been used by another author before Austen could get this book in print. The story is about the five Bennet sisters, who, while not orphaned or penniless, have few choices as to husbands because their father's estate is entailed on a male heir, and they have no brother. The father seems to have resigned them to their fate, but their mother wastes no opportunity to arrange a good match for her daughters. The two oldest--Jane and Elizabeth--are level-headed and quite understand the position that they are in, but the youngest three are flirtatious and giddy, a bad combination in winning society's eye. Disasters ensue when eligible bachelors Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy come to town, as well as the officers of the ---shire regiment.<br />The reason First Impressions would have been a better title is that each character--not just the main two, Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy--is constantly assuming things about other characters based on their initial reception of them. Mr. Darcy, in the country, is too proud to dance with any of the young women because of his mistaken impression that they are all declasse; Elizabeth forms her prejudices about Mr. Darcy because of her first meeting with him and this dance snub. The townsfolk think the best of Mr. Wickham because his first impression on everyone is quite favorable. And on and on and on.<br />Very interesting, but it goes on forever, as the characters can never be quite direct given the mores of the time. That does not mean that they can not be insulting, as a particularly vicious exchange between Lady Catherine and Elizabeth shows. I'm glad that I have now broken my Austen fast, but I think that I can wait awhile before digesting any more.ession that they are all declasse; Elizabeth forms her prejudices about Mr. Darcy because of her first meeting with him and this dance snub. The townsfolk think the best of Mr. Wickham because his first impression on everyone is quite favorable. And on and on and on.<br />Very interesting, but it goes on forever, as the characters can never be quite direct given the mores of the time. That does not mean that they can not be insulting, as a particularly vicious exchange between Lady Catherine and Elizabeth shows. I'm glad that I have now broken my Austen fast, but I think that I can wait awhile before digesting any more.
B00005NOOH|4.0|Omitted from this collection is the poignant plea from Sir Lawrence Olivier to watch the episode, \\"Genocide.\\" However, the extra bonus material, probably not shown on television since the original series was aired in the 1970s, ALMOST makes up for this omission.<br />Even though I already own the entire set on tape, I purchaed this set for the bonus material.<br />Fans of the late Stephen Ambrose may enjoy viewing his young long-haired countenance as he expertly dissects the causes and effects of the Second World War. My favorite quotes of him include his analysis of the Potsdam Conference and his describing the end of World War II as the culmination of a \\"European Civil War.\\"<br />Many of the interviewees appeared in later documentaries, but  \\"World At War's\\" presentations are by far their best.<br />Some negatives:<BR>While it may become tiresome to hear Jeremy Isaacs repeating his \\"Welcome to the World At War\\" greeting at the start of each episode, his short explanations of the processes and difficulties encountered in the production of the series are fascinating.<br />The disks ara all double-sided, which may be irritating to viewers with DVD changers, i.e., one must constantly turn over the disks in order to maintain the continuity of the series.<br />I wish there was a CD of the series' score.
1563894696|3.0|This graphic novel gathers together all 13 issues of \\"Batman: The Long Halloween\\", written and drawn, respectively, by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale.  The story revolves around Carmine \\"The Roman\\" Falcone, the ruthless head of Gotham's fiercest gangster empire.  The Roman is responsible for countless murders, hijackings, and crimes throughout Gotham, but authorities have never been able to convict him (most of the graft-ridden city is either on his payroll or bribable).  Batman, along with a young Captain Gordon and headstrong District Attorney Harvey Dent, is determined to rid Gotham of Falcone's corruption, but he soon learns that a mysterious figure may have already beaten him to the punch:  a serial killer, known only as \\"Holiday\\", is currently on the loose in Gotham and preying on members of Falcone's extended \\"family\\".  Batman, Gordon, and Dent now face a combined problem: bringing Falcone to justice, while also ending Holiday's deadly spree.<br /><br />One of \\"The Long Halloween\\"'s primary goals is to provide backstory on Gotham's crime lord past, and this is where the novel truly shines.  Readers finally get to see the crime organizations that controlled much of Gotham in the early days (this dark past was hinted at in other Batman stories, but it's more fully explored here).  In addition, \\"The Long Halloween\\" contains a fascinating retelling of Harvey Dent's past, which will be warmly welcomed by fans of this sometimes morally-dubious friend of Batman's.  Unfortunately, readers hoping for a significant glimpse into Batman's own psyche will be sorely disappointed; Batman remains a cipher throughout most of the novel, speaking always in a terse, stacatto rhythm and providing little in the way of a glimpse into his mind's inner workings.<br /><br />While \\"The Long Halloween\\" is competently written, it suffers from a lack of originality and a workman-like narrative drive.  The ideas explored here (Italian gangsters and serial killers) are mildly intriguing within the larger context of Gotham, but Loeb doesn't infuse them with many new twists, so they remain tired cliches in this story.  Also, in an attempt to give an \\"epic\\" feel to this saga, Loeb introduces many of Batman's most infamous foes into the mix (The Joker, The Riddler, The Scarecrow, and The Mad Hatter are just some of the villains on display here).  However, the characters are introduced and then dispatched so quickly by Batman, that they don't provide any real sense of drama (in fact, at times, they almost seem to be there for comic relief, which doesn't seem quite right).  I think this story would have benefitted from focusing on a much smaller handful of villains, rather than the scattershot approach it takes.<br /><br />I similarly found the ending of the story and the mystery to be somewhat unsatisfying, although I acknowledge that this is a matter of individual tastes.  While it's interesting to see Batman (and Gordon and Dent) involved in such a bizarre murder mystery, the story doesn't play fair with the standard \\"rules\\" of the genre--some may say this makes for a breath of fresh air in the Batman universe (and the mystery genre itself), but I think it amounts to a bit of a cheat for trusting readers.  In the end, it's difficult to tell just how ambiguous Loeb intended certain elements of the mystery to be; in fact, there's a convincing argument to be made that some of the ambiguity is merely due to sloppy storytelling.  Gotham and the larger Batman universe provide fertile ground for this style of mystery, but \\"The Long Halloween\\" ultimately fails to deliver on that promise.larger context of Gotham, but Loeb doesn't infuse them with many new twists, so they remain tired cliches in this story.  Also, in an attempt to give an \\"epic\\" feel to this saga, Loeb introduces many of Batman's most infamous foes into the mix (The Joker, The Riddler, The Scarecrow, and The Mad Hatter are just some of the villains on display here).  However, the characters are introduced and then dispatched so quickly by Batman, that they don't provide any real sense of drama (in fact, at times, they almost seem to be there for comic relief, which doesn't seem quite right).  I think this story would have benefitted from focusing on a much smaller handful of villains, rather than the scattershot approach it takes.<br /><br />I similarly found the ending of the story and the mystery to be somewhat unsatisfying, although I acknowledge that this is a matter of individual tastes.  While it's interesting to see Batman (and Gordon and Dent) involved in such a bizarre murder mystery, the story doesn't play fair with the standard \\"rules\\" of the genre--some may say this makes for a breath of fresh air in the Batman universe (and the mystery genre itself), but I think it amounts to a bit of a cheat for trusting readers.  In the end, it's difficult to tell just how ambiguous Loeb intended certain elements of the mystery to be; in fact, there's a convincing argument to be made that some of the ambiguity is merely due to sloppy storytelling.  Gotham and the larger Batman universe provide fertile ground for this style of mystery, but \\"The Long Halloween\\" ultimately fails to deliver on that promise.
B000084HAJ|5.0|I admit it, I love this performance. I have the CD and the video and both have been played to death. The DVD brings the extra versatility of that medium, such as the ability to go to any part of the performance quickly, or to Gardiner's interesting essay on the piece. My one minor quibble is that the red shifts in which the Monteverdi choir are decked out seem to glow; they do this on the video, and I was hoping that DVD would tame it. Alas, it seems to be a flaw in the filming.<br />The performance remains an absolute knockout, IMHO simply the best ever recorded. Followers of the devotional school, who go for Andrew Parrott's minimalist version, hate it and will stay away. Those who like the CD will absolutely adore this, with choir, soloists and instrumentalists making full use of San Marco's acoustics and odd nooks and crannies. The orchestra (the English Baroque Soloists, with 5 players from His Majesties Cornetts and Sagbutts) is quite small - it's amazing how so few players can make such a racket in such a big space. The stars of the show is the Monteverdi Choir itself (singing from memory, without scores), which is simply stunning. You'll never hear the big choral numbers such as \\"Nisi Dominus\\" and \\"Lauda Jerusalem\\" sung with such precision and excitement - they give me goosebumps on my goosebumps.  And in the middle of it all is Gardiner, obviously having a ball. Three cheers for Archiv for bringing back this brilliant record of a unique event.
B0000025D0|5.0|To listen to this album cranked way up at ten while driving down a highway is to experience rock and roll and the american dream about as absolutely as you can.  Every range that rock and roll evokes and that America evokes will surface:  freedom, power, rage, joy, love, strength, god.  It's all in here for you to discover.  <br />Unless the listener is barely alive or unable to process any type of emotion, &quot;Badlands&quot; is guaranteed to bring chills of joy throughout your body.. just wait for that motorcyvle sounding blare of a riff coming off Bruce's guitar in the second verse. <br />Highly Recommended
B00004T9UH|3.0|Being an owner of the explicit Marshall Mathers LP, I can say that it is way better! I am reviewing this album for one song, which is the Kids. I find this song hilarious, and one of Eminem's catchiest and greatest songs. The kids that do vocals in the background are funny, and they sound like the kids from South Park. The song is great! Oh, and by the way, if you can, get the unedited LP. It's better and \\"Kim\\" is a great song. Its not on the album because it is too explicit.
B0000025T6|5.0|This is a startling gem. Absolutely amazing, haunting, and beautiful at the same time.  \\"Nebraska\\" is an acoustic triumph, a basic folk album on which Springsteen has stripped his art down to the core.  Bruce tosses the E Street Band to the  wayside, whips out the ol' acoustic and \\"mouth harp,\\" and sings sad songs of murder, fear, jealousy, revenge, hopelessness,  poverty, and familial unrest.<br />The lines \\"well, sir I guess there's just a meanness in this world\\" and \\"nothing feels better than blood on blood\\"...... Classic<br />Highly Recommended!
B00007E8V4|5.0|This is not a B-sides album, there is NO filler. this is possibly the best and most political album since rage against the machine's debut. i recomend this even if you are not a SOAD fan. I wasnt till i heard Boom! <br />GO GREEN PARTY!!!!
B00000255F|5.0|This is it, the best rock album in the world.  Every song is a classic.  There's so much atmosphere in these songs that it's unbelievable.  I first heard this album a few years ago, when I was in my early twenties and trying to find out where I should go with my life.<br />This album is for any guy who's idea of heaven is a cold beer, a great girl, and a the need to get away.  It's absolutely perfect.<br />Highly Recommened!
B000069HK2|3.0|A reviewer recently said this cd was overrated. How? almost every single reviw for this cd has been a good one of how much emotion it has.<br />This cd is not bad, it has some hooky songs and the musicianship is sub par<br />but emotion? This cd is about as emotional as a bloodhound gang cd. It has no emotion. You want emotion check out From Autumn to Ashes<br />My guess is that the majority of the people who write these reviews are tenny boppin 12 year old girls anyway
1573222038|5.0|I picked this book up on a whim, never having heard of the author before. Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down! I stayed up for three nights straight and gulped it down- the characters are solid and real, the plot surpasses the promise of good twists, the love story is affecting and gorgeously portrayed, the villain is slick, twisted and infuriating... I immediately went and got her other two books and am in the middle of Affinity. Sarah Waters is the kind of writer I have not experienced in years- her words transport you to another place and time and truly you don't want to come back to your world when you are done with her novels. I can't wait for her future novels.
B000050XEI|2.0|This CD was a major disappointment - nothing new or memorable.  Enya's voice is as clear as always, but the music here is a third rate repetition of other CDs that she has made.
B00006H67M|5.0|Excelent recording, Eumir Deodato made one of his best albums here with participation of musicians like George Benson in Love Island, Harvey Mason on drums, and a sort of great artists, very good arrangements in Tahity Hut, San Juan Sunset, Love Island, and engineered by Al Schmitt one great master, this album evocates peace, romance, and good atmosphere, if you are a Deodato fan you must take this CD, congratulations to WEA for re mastering this production in CD.
B00003XAVA|5.0|Well, this is the gem of the entire CSNY catalogue! Crosby and Nash never sounded better, never played better, never wrote better, and their back up band was spot on from the first note to the last. I remember walking down Bloor Street when I first heard this from a record shop. I was hooked. I wore out 6 vinyl copies of this. <BR>Crosby and Nash seemed positively liberated from the chains that went with being in the Supergroup that was more ego than substance. For all of Neil's posturings, at this point in their career, Cros and Nash were the best songwriters in rock music, touching on themes of life, death, love and environment with a poignancy any writer would sell their soul for.<BR>\\"Carry Me\\" has come back to me as a source of comfort several times when I've lost friends to Aids/Cancer/Tragedy. \\"Mama Lion\\" is a wonderful tribute to a lover who has so affected your life that even though you are no longer with him/her, it is their positive influence, not the negative that lives with you, eh Nina? \\"Wind on the Water\\" is the quintessential environmental track, and Nash hit his zenith here as a creative writer. Sheer profundity as Cros would often comment. \\"Cowboy of Dreams\\" would reference Neil more accurately than anything I've ever heard or read. The musicianship is a wonder to behold on this: looser, now that they were both free of Stills' maniacal control issues and Neil's passive aggressive mind games, this is the essence of what David and Graham were capable of.<BR>Live, they were tremendous during this period. That probably fed Crosby's ego enough to convince himself that he was handling his drug problems. Six to nine months after this, he was teetering on becoming useless as a creative songwriter. Well, this was still to come. <BR>At this point, with this release, they were brilliant. It is evident in the confidence seen on their faces in the cover photo, and it carries all the way through every single track. Well done, a true diamond.
B0000029DD|5.0|This song makes you believe... believe in the power of music, in love, in sensuality, in angels, in beauty, in the genius that was Jeff Buckley. The most perfect and stirring CD I've ever heard.
0767853636|5.0|OMG! words can begin to explain how i feel about this movie. Ever i since i was a little girl i could not go to bed with out watching annie. Even now, i watch it to remmeber my childhood.I have watche dit so much that my tape is about to break that's why i bought it on dvd. when i saw the new annie that was made i thought as a annie fanatic that they total [messed] it up.This is a must buy!!<BR> thanks <BR>little oporfin annie( J )
B00000AFFF|5.0|If this CD doesn't make you cry, you have no heart. Touches every aspect of the human heart and relationships and man, can it sting!! Don't listen to this CD after a breakup unless you're into torture. Perfect.
0767853636|5.0|OMG! words can begin to explain how i feel about this movie. Ever i since i was a little girl i could not go to bed with out watching annie. Even now, i watch it to remmeber my childhood.I have watche dit so much that my tape is about to break that's why i bought it on dvd. when i saw the new annie that was made i thought as a annie fanatic that they total [messed] it up.This is a must buy!!<BR> thanks <BR>little oporfin annie( J )
B000005IS1|5.0|The MC5 carried around a distinctive aura about themselves which transcends directly into their music. loud, brash, and curiously soulful; Kick Out The Jams attacks from all sides. Although extremely punk in it's context Kick Out the Jams crosses genre borderlines to create a mix of revolutionary sound. The intensity of both muscian and crowd can be captured and shared with the listener, something that most live albums fail to achieve. In short, one of the best.
0767853636|5.0|OMG! words can begin to explain how i feel about this movie. Ever i since i was a little girl i could not go to bed with out watching annie. Even now, i watch it to remmeber my childhood.I have watche dit so much that my tape is about to break that's why i bought it on dvd. when i saw the new annie that was made i thought as a annie fanatic that they total screwed it up.This is a must buy!!<BR> thanks <BR>little oporfin annie( J )
0140185232|3.0|The Razor's Edge<br />          After reading a deep novel. I was a little hesitant about reading this book, the Razor's Edge, by Somerset Maugham. I didn't think that this book could compare to the magnitude of my previous book. I was unfair to the book and it's author, because I had this mindset, especially in the beginning of the book. Once I read this book I could change the previous negative statements I had about this novel. This novel has many unexpected twists.  <br />          Larry Darrell is a young man when the reader first starts to read about him. Larry returns home to Chicago form World War I. He is a on a spiritual journey because of the war when his friend gave up his life for him. Where everybody he interacts within his society are materialistic. This is very typical of us Americans. When he decides to go on his quest, this is viewed as the incorrect thing to do by his peers. This book also takes place in Germany, India, UK, and France. If you decide to read this read this book you need to keep the mind set that after World War I people were losing faith in the American way. <br />          Another unique part of the book is how the author himself is a character in the book as a narrator. He is involved with the story but at the same time he is not. Elliot on the other hand is very annoying and he kind of reminds me of Mr. Collins from Pride and Prejudice. Isabel the lady who is the women Larry is in love with. She is really simple she is the only decent character in the book. I also like how Larry does not care what people think about him. <br />          I liked this book because I think anybody that can relate to a character, at one point at another. I could relate to the main character, Larry, because I am graduating and unsure of what I want to do in life. I felt I fit right in his shoes and I was Larry. People always want big cars and big houses. I also wonder about the mysteries within. The author is also very descriptive, this has its prosand cons because he makes you feel like you are in each country, but at times he can be too descriptive.
0767853636|5.0|OMG! words can begin to explain how i feel about this movie. Ever i since i was a little girl i could not go to bed with out watching annie. Even now, i watch it to remmeber my childhood.I have watche dit so much that my tape is about to break that's why i bought it on dvd. when i saw the new annie that was made i thought as a annie fanatic that they total screwed it up.This is a must buy!!<BR> thanks <BR>little oporfin annie( J )
0060900075|5.0|This book is in the top three mind-expanding reads I've indulged in. The kind of book which made me question the reality I knew. And at the same time, it reminded me of my \\"oneness\\" with sights, sounds and ideas around me. Aldous Huxley's writing style took me to a place I'd been to before. And explained to me the beauty of it in a way which blew my mind.<br />I highly recommend it for fans of psychedelia and new age ideas.
6300182193|1.0|Reviewer was on honeymoon at St Michael's island offshore Cornwall, SW England, which served as the set for Castle Dracula while the exteriors were filmed. The evenings included watching the count's carriage being raced up and down the beach by sinister coachmen obviously under instruction to whip up publicity. So we faithfully trooped in to see the film on its first night and regreted it. A major letdown after the book, and a letdown as a film. None of the beautiful exteriors, spectacular sundowns or landscape of the Cornwall coast make any appearance, while much effort is wasted on fake atmosfere; and as for the acting, observing the furniture had more merit. Sorry.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Right now, this album is sitting at 4.5 stars, which means two things to me: 1. The people who are giving it less than 5 stars haven't really listened to it or don't understand it. 2. No album should have a 5 star rating.  <BR>This album might not be catchy and easy to grasp, but it is rewarding on many levels and worth investing a few listens.
0140157352|3.0|This is the first book I ever read on negotiating, and at the time I found it extremely good.  However, since then, I have read both Shell's &quot;Bargaining for Advantage&quot; and Cialdini's &quot;Influence&quot;, and found those two books immensely better than Getting to Yes, for a few different reasons.<br />Number of stories - in Getting to Yes, the authors do not offer enough stories to burn the concepts into the reader's mind.  I personally think stories are the best way to communicate something like negotiating.<br />Actual psychological concepts explained - Getting to Yes is a summary of findings, and it never explains why certain things work.  Without a deep understanding, it is not clear when the concepts work and when they don't.  Especially in Influence, you really get to understand how to persuade someone by remembering the core psych concepts.<br />If you are just looking for a quick intro to negotiating, this is a decent book.  If you would like to actually understand people and how to influence them, this is too basic.
0316666343|5.0|I started reading this book on Saturday night and finished it by Sunday afternoon.  I could not put this book down.  With this storyline, you will hate yourself for reading such a great book so fast.  It has both the mystical and reality ends of life intertwined into a story you will never forget.
B000002NIW|5.0|All you have to do is put it in your CD player and hit play. From track one to the last, there is honestly not one bad track. My favorite album from the deftones!!
B0000039QA|2.0|Truth be known. BIG was NOT the king of Eastcoast hip-hop as much as he was credited for(or at least never on Puffy's label). The entire label is based on using premade samples from oldschool artists', that's not being original. Not only that, but lyrics lack substance horribly and serve for very little meaning. You can't consider yourself a king of hip-hop if all you're doing is biting off other artists' beats. Perhaps if BIG was under another label with better guidance, be could have easily been a much better artist, perhaps even be alive today.
B00005JKN9|5.0|Gangs of New York is one of my favorite movies i have ever seen. Lewis was great and i hope he win the acedemy award. I normally don't like decaprio but i thought he did a great job in this movie. The music was also amazing especially at the begginning. It really gets you in the mood for this great movie. i highly recommend this movie
B00005JKZV|3.0|...In the first movie, I completely understood why Tom Bombadil had to be left out, sad as it was. That is a scene which even in the book is rather isolated and ultimately has little to do with the advancement of the plot. <BR> Why, then, did you choose to make changes in the Two Towers which not only were very contrary to the spirit of the involved characters, but actually SLOWED THE MOVEMENT OF THE PLOT DOWN!!? If Faramir had behaved as intelligent and honorable as his character was written to be, poor Frodo and Sam wouldn't have had to spend half of the movie going to some place in which, in Sam's own scripted words \\"everything feels wrong. We're not supposed to be here!\\" Faramir is much more in control of himself than Boromir. He understands the peril of the ring, and decides to let the hobbits continue on their duty... he NEVER TAKES THEM ANYWHERE AGAINST THEIR WILL!!!<BR> The Ents... they have the Entmoot and decide, eventually, that they are very, terrifyingly, angry with Saruman, and they also decide to go after him. Forcefully. Treebeard is not tricked like some weak foolish old man into \\"walking by\\" Isengard. The march of the Ents is ferocious and implacable. Not delayed.<BR> It would actually have allowed you to make it a tighter and more accurate movie to stick closer to the book in at least those two respects. Instead what we have is an oddly timed movie that takes too long to get to the conclusion... which unfortunately, due to time constraints, was left for the beginning of the third movie. God knows how you're going to have to mangle the third book to finish the movie now. The scouring of the Shire is a shining moment in most fans minds... if that is left out, you will have completely disregarded the love Tolkein had for his characters.<BR> But other than all that, well done.
B0000039PW|5.0|iight first of all in my opinion, this is to me the best lyrical rap album ever to be released. i mean this album is so SICK ,i mean the lyrics are SICK and the beats are SICK!!! when i first got this album, i mean i started laughin because how the way he said his lyrics and how he does his flow , it juss put a smile on my face.not only that he also wrote every song in this album, now thats what i call KRAZY!!!i know no one else can do it like him. i remembered when he first picked up the mic and juss said anything and he killed everyone with his words.thats why he inspired me to be a rapper .to me, biggie is my favorite rapper in history. the kid from bed-stuy will always live on with his music and his life, RIP BIG . on the bottom i have the ratings for every song.....<br />these are ratings from one to five<br />1.N/A<BR>2.4.5/5<BR>3.5/5<BR>4.5/5<BR>5.5/5<BR>6.5/5<BR>7.5/5<BR>8.N/A<BR>9.5/5<BR>10.5/5<BR>11.4.5/5<BR>12.5/5<BR>13.5/5<BR>14.5/5<BR>15.4/5<BR>16.5/5<BR>17.5/5<br />this album also beats nas's ILLMATIC but the album is still krazy.cop it and this one too. PEACE
B00001QEBQ|1.0|Perhaps I'm being harsh to award this only a single star when it's clear that this is another of my little errors, but this falls so wide of the Moulin Rouge mark that I was hoping for that I feel honour bound.  <br />A tip: to anyone looking for something other than an animated film, about someone called Mulan, steer well clear.  I know I will in future.
B00000IMCW|1.0|don't waste your spare time on this film!
0553382179|4.0|This book is very poorly written. Most obvious is the fact that the writing simply does not flow well, but there are other problems. It is not particularly well-organized. At times it seems illogical: for example, the author says not to make rules because rules don't work, and on the very next page says, &quot;here's the rule&quot;. Something will be defined one way one time and another way another time. Some things are not explained as well as they should be. There is an overreliance on testimonials from her fans. The snippets of the author's personal story are disjointed. And the author has a strong tendency to present examples without giving the underlying principles they are meant to illustrate or the problem they are meant to be suggested solutions to. As with the differing definitions, the reader can easily figure out what is meant, but a better writer would have made it clear to start with.<br />In spite of all this, the book still deserves a high rating. Why? The material is great. Flylady's system of starting slowly and building routines works. The tone is always supportive, and there are some perhaps unexpected yet commonsensical insights packed in there: perfectionism can create messy houses, martyred attitudes don't help anyone, a clean home is a blessing on your family. <br />Other reviewers have already mentioned that some people will be offended by Flylady's God-talk. Surely an equal number will find her personality grating. She is always supportive and encouraging and has a healthy &quot;No whining allowed&quot; dictum, but she is also regrettably sappy. This is the type of woman who has the guaranteed-to-induce-retching habit of referring to her husband as DH (Dear Husband). 'Nuff said. But please don't let your differing religious views or your disdain for feminine sappiness prevent your getting the book.  If you're even considering getting this book, chances are you need it. You'll thank Flylady (bad writing, sappiness and all) when you wake up toa shiny sink and a peaceful home.
1400034779|5.0|This is a lovely, lovely book.  It's extremely readable, with deceptively simple prose.  If you've ever visited Africa...or just dream of going...this book is for you.  Mma Ramotswe is my new hero...a self-described &quot;fat lady detective&quot;...the only one in Botswana.  The author's love of this lovely African country and its people is apparent in every lyrical phrase.  It's a jewel of a book, and shouldn't be missed.
B00003CXSP|1.0|I have to admit that Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore are 2 of the best actors out there! But this movie was the worse movie...I would never want to see it again! I admit there was some good acting but...[yuck]! I wouldnt recommend it to anyone! Red Dragon and Scilence of the lambs though, that is a different story
014017821X|4.0|To begin, with the exception of the eponymous story at the beginning , these stories are the stylstic masterpieces of a miniaturist virtuoso.  These renarrated fairy tales are nuanced stories that give the reader pause to reconsider his or her sexuality and the inherent violence and danger attendant upon it.-And then, perhaps, to reflect that the fairy stories in their original form were less explicit forms of the same thing for children....As the writer Djuna Barnes puts it in Nightwood, \\"God, children know something they can't tell; they like Red Riding Hood and the wolf in bed!\\"<br />  The first story, is, to my taste, the only failure here.  It's a bit too heavy-handed and obvious, and the imagery and phraseology borrow too much from Poe, particularly from his \\"The Fall of The House of Usher.\\"  They leave you straining for an impact which is just not there.  That said, the rest of the stories are erotic/metaphysical gems in which the reader can peer into his or her own sexuality in its many (mostly crimsoned) facets.<br />  There is a subtle but deep undertone here that, in some way, our sexuality makes us all otherworldy ghouls and outcasts from the civilized world.  As the narrator puts it in \\"The Lady of the House of Love,\\" \\"The end of exile is the end of being.\\"-In other words, our sexuality  metamorphoses (one of Carter's favourite words and themes)us into vampires, werewolves and sadistic murderers, if only in our imagination, and frequently in life.<br />  An exqusite book to pique anyone's interest into his or her sexuality and its implications, both in the realms of action and imagination
B00005JL96|4.0|I liked this Disney movie, first one since the Lion King. It's cute, fun and hilarious. First time in a disney movie a woman is potrayed realitically, which gives the movie an extra star. Lilo, is SO cute, and is so clever. The beginning sequence is horrible though, the whole outer space scenes are unbearable. As well as many of the Alien characters, except of course Stitch, and the mosquito one. The movie is laughed-packed, with Elvis music, and even some tears. It is original, and hits close to home. Disney did well, It's been a while, and it will be a while for the next. It's great for little kids, the movie's not only great but the DVD has some great features, including one on how to do the Hula. If you're a kid at heart, or have some small fry around think about getting this Disney.
0694003611|5.0|I love this book!  I memorized it from all my years babysitting and hope my 3 month old daugher will love it as much as I do!  It was the first book I bought for her and we were given another copy as well.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|Requiem For A Dream is the most beautiful, eye-opening, and hurtful movie that I have and probably ever will experience.  I went through every possible emotion watching this film.  Hate, Sadness, Anger, Happiness, Jealousy, Lust..... It can go on and on and on.  But the main point of this film is to show what a life of drugs can do to us.  How it will grip us, and not let you, pulling you into situations you dont want to be in..... until it is to late.  <br />You feel so bad for these characters, you want to help them, and tell them to stop, but all you can do is sit, watch, and let the tears roll down your face.  It is that powerful.  Other than the story that is a major eye-opener, the movie is filmed wonderfully, from the director of \\"Pi\\".  I dont believe that I saw one single bad camera view in this whole movie.  And much of the film is showing as if the character is standing still, while the world around them is in fast forward.  The camera work of this flick is great, and any fan of great filmed movies will drool over this work, that is after they cry from the story.<br />If this film does not open your eyes to the harms of drugs (especially heroin) to your body, mind, lovelife, and just plain life, you are crazy.  This is the biggest eye opening movie since \\"KIDS\\" and will leave you hurt days, even weeks after viewing.  But that is the objective.  We should feel this way, why?  I guarentee you will not touch drugs after this film.
B000001FZK|4.0|This album is close to perfect. Well developed songs that play out over long but not too long periods of time keep you interested and enthralled throughout. I don't think of Portishead when I hear Talk Talk but more of Steve Winwood when he was with Traffic (especially on Ascension Day. The warm organ with the full Winwood like lyrics create a jazzish, rock-like and at times electronic treat. Warm, professional and tight Laughing Stock goes into spacy depths only to return with vocal hooks that give you the goose bumps...Very Good
B00005OMTT|1.0|I often still listen to Enigma's first album titled MCMXC a.D. and find myself enthralled in it's Greatness.  One would think the artist behind this piece of work was of stunning brilliance.  In progression though if you listen to the follow up album Cross of Changes you still see the Greatness, but it seems to be losing it's glow.  A major difference Michael Cretu the man behind Enigma begins singing on tracks.  His voice is similar to that of many 80's hair bands.  Scratchy, falsetto, with a hint of hysteria or urgency as it forces the lyrics out.  <BR>This worked for one song, &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; the main single on Cross of Changes.<br />Then comes Enigma 3, the third album.  Bolstered by the success of &quot;Return To Innocence&quot; Michael Cretu's ego begins to take over and his voice, screechy, scratchy, falsetto, with sense of urgency is found on the majority of tracks.  Gone is the professional female vocalist from the first two albums.  Suddenly what was once Greatness has crashed down back to earth.<br />The fourth album &quot;The Screen Behind The Mirrors&quot; while not great was better than Enigma 3.  It still contained far too much of Michale Cretu's voice and often relied on samples of classical music to give the album any sort of depth.  The absolute low point of this album is the truly horrific track &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot; in which Cretu screeches out a Christian rock screed on being a missionary.  It was so low a low point on this otherwise &quot;ok&quot; album that it ends up weighing this album down to a despicable level of mediocrity.  <br />As a result nearly half of the tracks on this &quot;Best of&quot; (term used loosely) album are substandard.  Just by Enigma MCMXC a.D. if you want to spend money on Enigma.  If you still want more grab &quot;Cross Of Changes.&quot;  But for your own sake, don't throw away your hard earn cash on garbage like Enigma 3, The Screen Behind The Mirrors, and &quot;Love, Sensuality and Devotion.&quot;
B000000WCV|4.0|Don't get me wrong; I love Daft Punk. Daft, in my mind, are the greatest techno (or whatever the music is) artists of all time. Their debut album is fascinating, different, and original. Funky, soulful, yet...<BR>...Repetitive?<BR>Yes, this is, by far, the most repetitive album I have ever heard. <BR>Take &quot;Rock 'N Roll&quot; for example. BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM over an over again at a very high tempo, along with a scratching noise that gets louder and louder in fast motion. This goes on for about seven minutes.<BR>&quot;Rollin 'N Scratchin'&quot; is quite similar to &quot;Rock 'N Roll&quot;, in that they have very similar names and very similar, ear-bleeding, muscle-twitching scratching effects repeating over and over again, this time for EIGHT minutes.<BR>Songs like &quot;Daftendirekt&quot;, the funky introduction to the album, and &quot;Around The World&quot;, are what really stand out, and who can forget &quot;Da Funk&quot;? <BR>But &quot;Alive 1997&quot; is much better than &quot;Homework&quot; in that it is the best live show I have ever listened to, plus, &quot;Alive&quot; is like a 45 minute remix of the entire &quot;Homework&quot; album, and trust me, the remix is awesome.<BR>But if you are sticking to repetitive analog sounds exploding over and over again, buy this album, and may I recommend Mr Oizo's &quot;Analog Worms Attack&quot;.
B00005NWM3|2.0|i thought this cd would rule from what evry1 was sayin about it but then i bought it and i relized it wasnt worth it. it has three good song and the rest just dont stand on their own. i wouldn't recomend this cd unless ur a hardcore nickelback fan.
B00008H2LB|1.0|Okay - where can I start? This CD is the biggest waste of money. I listened too it and was morally disgusted. <br />Not only does the music sound terrible, the lyrics have no musical meaning.<br />Avoid this album.
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert's classic sci-fi epic Dune should not be skipped over by anyone interested in the genre.  The planet Arrakis is so fully realized through the words of Herbert that it becomes a three dimensional landscape in the mind.  The characters all develop logically throughout the novel, and Herbert is not afraid to kill off a hero.  Everyone in this novel has multiple motivations, some noble and some ignoble.  The ability to convey a plot as complicated as this in a believable way with non-static and human characters marks this as a classic.
B00005MP58|5.0|This is probably the greatest movie that I have ever seen!  The adaptation of it from the novel is superbly accurate and well done.  I watched it when it first aired on A&amp;E and again just recently, and I have to say that its magic still captivates me!  It portrays wonderfully the complex interactions between courting males and females that were not only true in Austen's time but in modern times as well.  Speaking as a &quot;chick&quot;, when you get right down to it, every woman longs for a &quot;Mr. Darcy&quot; in shining armor (or, should I say shining &quot;Pemberley&quot;?)!!
B0000027RL|5.0|Go back to the rock golden age, circa 1990.  Whiny vocalists are in ever since the British punk invasion, enter Pearl Jam and frontman Eddie Vedder circa 1991.  Pearl Jam was a breath of fresh air amidst endless clones of The Clash and Dead Kennedy's, as in the stuff was good, and actually held lyrical value.  (The word \\"pain\\" is only used once on the entire CD) and most of all, the commanding presence of Vedder's vocals that bring this band together.  Listening to \\"Ten\\" in its continious entirety is almost a narrative   of sorts, opening with a loud bang (Once) Rsisng power (Even Flow, Alive, and the moody \\"Black\\") The emotional climax (Jeremy) and then winds down to \\"Deep\\" a powerhouse, arguebaly the high point of the CD and finally into Release, the numbing conclusion, and it exits on the exact same notes it entered.  Half of Ten's greatness is the track ordering, this isn't the CD you use a program button for.  The other half of the greatness is, of course the music.  In typical 90's fasion guitar solos are a dime a dozen, and Ten exhibits marvelous musicians.  Vedder takes his lyrics and sings with power and emotion, the kind of vocal that can really make a great band, and both the music and vocalizing run together to create a solid expierience.  Most people who call themselves rock fans already own this CD, and for good reason.  12 years after its initial release, it's stiull selling like mad.
B000021YQV|5.0|This is a truley amazing cd!  The style of Arabic type singing on nu metal is amazing, original and well-blended!  The powerful music delivers a great preformance<br />-Prison Song- their trying to build a prison for you and me!5/5<BR>-Needles- cool 4/5<BR>-Deer Dance- alright 4/5<BR>-Jet Pilot- really cool 5/5<BR>-X- cool 4/5<BR>-Chop Suey!- The best song ever! 100/5<BR>-Bounce- real cool 5/5<BR>-Forest- cool song 5/5<BR>-Atwa- great!! 1000/5<BR>-Science- cool 5/5<BR>-Shimmy- real cool 5/5<BR>-Toxicity- sweet 100/5<br />-Psycho- cool 4/5<BR>-Aerials- real cool<BR>-Arto- real cool tribal song 5/5
B00005O3VC|5.0|I would just like to clear up a few issues that some of the sadly misled reviewers seem to harbor about this brilliantly funny film. First of all, I am deeply puzzled as to why an obvious farce (key word here: \\"farce\\") of medieval high-romance-type-stories must retain any modicum of historical accuracy.<br />By admitting confusion about the \\"mistakes\\" made in featuring a Trojan Rabbit, depicting Arthur and his knights as not having real horses, the fautly information regarding the actual weight African swallows are capable of carrying, and (here's a shocker) there IS NO castle Anthrax (!!!), some reviewers run the risk of making themselves appear terribly, terribly (and I am very sorry to have to say it) stupid. <br />For those of you who have apparently been losing sleep over these, and other questions raised by the movie, I offer a response. (And I'm really hoping the guy who was confused about the swallows carrying the coconuts was just kidding.)<br />The hilarity of this film is appreciated best by those of us WITH a solid understanding of British history and the actual legendary accounts of Arthur and his knights in medieval Britan. What makes it so funny is how it spoofs off the often ridiculous excesses of the tales. Knights being so incredibly \\"chaste\\" and determined to find the Holy Grail as to ignore a castle stuffed with gorgeous swooning virgins are found all throughout the pages of Malory's \\"Morte d'Arthur\\" and the tales of Chretien de Troyes. Read anything about Sir Galahad and you realize how intelligent the comedy is. A few other historical spoofs: seemingly impossible-to-kill knights (the black knight), Lancelot's vigor with his sword getting him into trouble as he valiantly kills scores of people with one stroke, mysterious knights in woods who demand a sacrifice (the knights who say \\"ni!\\")... etc...<br />Of course, there are a few extra Monty Pythonisms thrown in, such as amazing Killer Rabbits, Tim the Enchanter (who is Merlinesque, anyway) snubbing Frenchmen and a ridiculous witch burning, but everything is directed to the intelligent viewer who can watch it all and laugh out loud while still respecting the legends and stories the Pythons are making delicious fun of.<br />Oh, and by the way, clapping coconuts together instead of having real horses? That's FUNNY!! It isn't meant to be confusing! Please locate your missing sense of humor as quickly as possible!<br />I think this movie is hysterical, and worth watching. Those of you who feel otherwise, well, \\"I blow my nose in your general direction!\\"
B00007JMCX|5.0|Many may call it dull and disjointed, too abstract or just give it a pass, since they haven't heard of it anyway! But they'd be missing a great movie, a unique and intellectual work of art. And that it is. I myself have never been much of a sci-fi fan so I don't particularly enjoy movies about space when they're too complicated and technical, but THE MAN WHO FELL TO EARTH is written in such a simple, but meaningful way- unlike most films nowadays- that makes it ageless, even after 30 years it cannot be considered outdated. Another thing I admire about it is a certain touchy feeling it has; it's hard to explain as it's so surreal, something out of this world! The first time I saw it, I was left with a sense of confusion and melancholy even, without consciously knowing why.  I can't rally say I completely understand it to this day because there are so many hidden messages and feelings that make each time I watch it a whole new experience!<BR>Despite my being a Bowie (super-) fan, I think everyone looking for a new experience in an interesting, smart and thought provoking, non-linear film should definitely buy the special edition DVD! It's worth every penny because it's a movie you can't just watch once, the VHS edition does not do it justice and the 2nd disc offers a very interesting and helpful `Watching The Alien' documentary!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Chester Bennington, Mike Shinoda, Joe Hahn, Pheonix, Rob and Brad have really done it again!!! A Sweeet follow up to \\"Hybrid Theory\\" for real!! This sophmore album is just a step up the ladder for Linkin Park. Check out all the tracks except \\"Nobody's Listening.\\" That one could have been left out. The whole record has that harsh LP sound that you just know when you hear. Trust me, Buy it, love it and whatever you do...don't lend it out!
B000063CPL|5.0|To those people who support \\"Live After Death\\" as maidens essential live recording (I am aware that this is 9/10ths of the maiden fan group). Im sorry, your wrong. Bruce Dickinson has transformed from the averege singer(and thats the nice way of saying it) into something out of this world.<BR>In Live one/Dead one/Donnington Bruce just cant be bothered. Im sorry, but he doesnt try at all.<BR>Now he, and the rest of the band are reborn. After seeing the DVD i can say that Dave Murray is still one of the greatest guitarists your going to see, janiks not far behind, and adrian is as technically apt as ever. Steve harris and Nicko are, of coure, irrepressable.<BR>The only man u can see a differance in is Bruce. I beg older maiden fans to listen to this with an open mind and see hoe much he has improved. He ruins the live after death album.<BR>If your new to maiden, then i would make this my first purchase. Its a sound of the greatest live band ever playing together, and in a world becoming more and more obsessed with Rock'n'roll, Nu-matal and other flashes of the industrys pan, its great to see this band still going, and indeed, at their best. <BR>UP THE IRONS!!!
B00008H2LE|4.0|The new LP album is typically LP. It's an awesome album, but not totally new compared to Hybrid Theory. Some parts are a bit heavier, but other parts have a more mellow feel to it. Also, hiphop is still in it! All in all one of the best rockalbums of this year.
B000084T18|5.0|I must admit that, as I've seen in some of the other reviews, every song on this CD isn't great...but what album do you know of that has 15+ great songs? I don't know of many.<BR>   If every song on the album besides \\"In Da Club\\" sucked, it would still be good just for that song, which I would say is the best rap song that has come out in a LONG time. I also like \\"Wanksta\\"(of course), \\"Don't Push Me\\", etc.<BR>   The only song I didn't care for much was \\"Heat\\". The beat just sounded too generic...cause similar beats are used in way too many rap songs.<BR> I think, considering his attitude, reputation, and talent, he can be #1 for a long time in the\\"rap game\\"...if he doesn't get arrested; As far as I'm concerned, he's making the rules in the \\"rap game\\" these days.
0060090367|5.0|I loved this book , it is one of my all time favourites! you really cant go wrong with marian keyes!!! if you like these books you will definielty love sophie kinsella's series of a shopoholic.
0395645662|1.0|This book is simplistic and sounds like it was written by some child. The ideas present within this novel are unformed and not clearly thought out. This book tries to be another 1984 written in the style of Albert Camus' The Stranger, but winds up sounding like the Unabomber's Manifesto written in the style of Dr. Seuss.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Just like the title says....get it or regret it.  This album rocks.  Linkin Park definitely out-did themselves on this one.  Different emotions mixed in here, but still keeps the linkin park originality.
0440178002|5.0|SHOGUN and AZTEC are the best historical epics ever, in my opinion.  SHOGUN is fast moving, takes place in a society we don't know much about, has engaging heros and villains, is stunningly detailed and well-researched, and is quite violent.  These days, historical epics also spend a lot of time on sex, and SHOGUN comes from a more old-fashioned time, so it is fairly tame in that respect, but for violence, you'll be hard pressed to find more.<br />The book is insanely long, and yet as it begins to reach the end, and you realise it's almost over, you'll be sad.  You want to keep living with these great characters.<br />Sorry I'm not summarizing the plot again...that's been done quite well here several times.  I just want to chime in with my heartiest recommendations.  It is flat out one of the most entertaining reads you'll ever find.  Not great literature, but an absolute classic of its genre.
B00005JLSC|5.0|I admit I was highly skeptical when the casting for this movie was announced. Richard Gere? Queen Latifiah? Renee Zellweger??? It didn't help that for the past couple of decades Hollywood has really screwed up most of the few musicals that they have attempted (Diana Ross as a 30-something schoolteacher Dorothy in The Wiz still makes my teeth and head ache).<br />But one day, bored and feeling kind of down I decided to check out what the fuss was about. Wow, what a surprise.<br />From the opening scenes and notes of All That Jazz, the movie grabbed me and never let go. Much has been said about the talents of Catherine Zeta Jones and I agree. But for me, the real revelation was Renee Zellweger, an actress I had previously dismissed as one of those personalities who achieved celebrity by default. Granted Zellweger lacks the experience and polish of Zeta Jones but for someone who has never sung or danced before, I found her performance to be outstanding. Her renderings of Funny Honey and Nowadays are beautifully effective.<br />Queen Latifah was also great as Mama Morton and you'll be humming Cell Block Tango well after you leave the theater. John C. Reilly's Mr. Cellophane is another highlight. Richard Gere was adequate but his was the weakest role.<br />I can't wait for the DVD.
0385504209|5.0|Symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris on business when he receives a startling phone call...one that will change his life.<br />Renowned curator of the Louvre Jacques Sauniere is found murdered, and worse is the shocking clue found at the murder scene.<br />Robert Langdon is not sure why he has been summoned to the scene of the crime, considering he never met the dead man, but upon arrival it becomes clear...Sauniere has left a bizarre message mentioning Langdon's name.  As the investigators question Langdon, a gifted  cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, enters to help sort through the clues and the riddles, but within minutes she is explaining to Langdon a  shocking tale  of conspiracy.<br />Langdon and Sophie are now on the run trying to uncover a mystery that links Jacques Sauniere to the Priory of Sion, a secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and DaVinci, among others.<br />The race for answers will take Langdon and Sophie through the cathedrals and castles of Europe until they discover the shocking code hidden in the works of Da Vinci, a discovery that will unearth a secret that has been concealed for centuries.<br />`The Da Vinci Code' is THE must read thriller of the year.  This novel cooks with layer upon layer of  secrets, rich detail, a creepy secret society, devil worship, and a meticulously plotted mystery.  The cover  of  `The Da Vinci Code' should come with a warning...Caution beginning this novel will result in the loss of sleep.  From page one you are thrust into an intrigue filled thriller that does not let up for a second, it's as smart as it is suspenseful, and readers will be hard pressed to not finish it in one sitting.<br />Dan Brown has crafted one of the most intelligent and original thrillers in years.<br />Fans of smart, fast-paced thrillers should dive into this one.  There is no doubt that `The Da Vinci Code' will sky rocket up the bestseller charts and make Dan Brown a household name.<br />A MUST read!<br />Nick Gonnellaead!<br />Nick Gonnella
B00005JLH2|5.0|This is a wonderful portrayal of the hard work that goes into a \\"simple\\" halftime show.  The movie dedicated just enough time into showing the friendships that form between band members from spending so much time together, the rivals that come up not only between band members but between bands, and how any one flaw in one person can mess up the whole band.  \\"One band, One sound\\" was their motto and the way to get to that one sound was played out wonderfully.  Any former marching band member will feel their pain when they all have to run track because one person messed up.  I also appreciated how each section leader told their group that they were the glue that held the band together.  There is a romantic story line that runs along behind the story of a drummer with big dreams.  In the end, the title of the movie comes out with a big drum battle to determine who will win the BET classic.  This drum battle alone will make you want to see the movie again the next day, and is the main reason I'll be buying this movie the day it comes out.  I hope there will be more band movies coming out, this ones a classic!!!
B00008LOS1|4.0|As a life long Who fan who has included among my life's work the collecting of all Who tracks available, I am torn by this disc.  &quot;Life House&quot; was a legendary rock &amp; roll undertaking, and its legend comes, in part, from the fact that Pete and the boys were never able to make it work despite years of trying. Accordingly, I love having these additional tracks.  However, listening to them makes it clear that this legendary undertaking doesn't live up to its billing.  It is truly sad how pedestrian it all seems in light of the fact that Pete was sure he could change the world. <br />Great songs?  No question!  But the best ended up on Who's Next, and listening to the unreleased material proves why it was not released.  As a Who fan, I am glad to have it.  As a music fan, it is non-essential.  I guess I'll just put it in the bin with &quot;London Symphany Orchestra Plays Tommy,&quot; &quot;Rough Mix&quot;  and my many re-issues of &quot;Live at Leeds&quot;
B00008H2LB|5.0|Once again this band strikes a cord in my soul with their first release of new material since \\"Hybrid Theory\\". Meteora is set at a faster pace then there first album, but it still delivers an emotional punch through stunning lyrics and playing. Check out \\"Easier to Run\\",\\" Somewhere I Belong\\" and \\"Breaking the Habit\\" in particular. Also for all you parents out please notice that this album (like LP first) doesn't have a parental advisory sticker for explicit language.
B00008LOS1|4.0|As a life long Who fan who has included among my life's work the collecting of all Who tracks available, I am torn by this disc.  &quot;Life House&quot; was a legendary rock &amp; roll undertaking, and its legend comes, in part, from the fact that Pete and the boys were never able to make it work despite years of trying. Accordingly, I love having these additional tracks.  However, listening to them makes it clear that this legendary undertaking doesn't live up to its billing.  It is truly sad how pedestrian it all seems in light of the fact that Pete was sure he could change the world. <br />Great songs?  No question!  But the best ended up on Who's Next, and listening to the unreleased material proves why it was not released.  As a Who fan, I am glad to have it.  As a music fan, it is non-essential.  I guess I'll just put it in the bin with &quot;London Symphany Orchestra Plays Tommy,&quot; &quot;Rough Mix&quot;  and my many re-issues of &quot;Live at Leeds&quot;
B00005JL7Q|5.0|Ok I admit I was forced to watch this the first time but I was floored by how good it is! It's rare to find a movie with so many unexpected plot twists and all aspects are top notch. It really is a new classic as mentioned in other reviews. I watched it 20 nights in a row before tiring of it =)
B00008977N|2.0|I've been waiting for this concert to come out on DVD since the launch of the format.  Hoping that it would improve on picture quality (which it does, slightly) and match, if not improve on the sound of the laserdisc were the primary reasons.  The sound on this DVD is not the same performance as either the CD or the Laserdisc (I've not heard the VHS).  While the quality of the sound is subjective, and a different set of compromises from the previously mentioned versions, what's alarming and extremely disappointing is to watch one performance while hearing another.  It's reverse lip syncing.  What we see is an energetic live performance full of life and excitement.  What we hear is live sound way in the background with studio sound in the &quot;foreground&quot; from a &quot;performance with little energy at best.  It's lifeless and awful.  Previous versions on good gear will move the viewer to tears, or raise goosebumps, this is a mockery of the live performance it attempts to convey.<BR>The fidelity of live performance is never the same as studio recordings.  What make live shows work is the complete performance, warts and all, if you will.  The laserdisc and CD are not great from a pure fidelity standpoint and some folks will complain about that as always (they want live to sound like the album, sorry.)  The previous versions were &quot;enhanced&quot; with some studio gimmickry, and some pretty serious compression, but at least we got to see and hear the performance more as it happened.  I had hoped the DVD would be better, I hadn't guessed it would be taken back to a studio a butchered.<BR>It appears Peter Gabriel is getting poor sound advice.  First was the announcement that his catalogue was being re-released in the questionable, at best, SACD format, and now this.  <BR>Too bad, as a consumer, you aren't given a choice between the &quot;sing along&quot;  audio version we have here and the sound from the actual show as two audio choices instead of the DTS/Dolby Digital options.<br />Make sure you know what you are buying.<br />I vote with my dollars and support my favorite artists with loyalty.  I can only hope this will be re-released someday with the performance we are seeing in the film in tact.  I'll buy that one too.
B000084T18|5.0|Yeah, its true, he couldnt live up to the hype... But who can? This cd is definitely a banger, and the standout tracks to me are \\"in da club\\", \\"21 questions\\", \\"if i cant\\" and \\"heat\\". Dre did some excellent job here. Only thing that i would have expected to be done better is the guest appearances. MORE G-UNIT!!!
B00008977N|2.0|I've been waiting for this concert to come out on DVD since the launch of the format.  Hoping that it would improve on picture quality (which it does, slightly) and match, if not improve on the sound of the laserdisc were the primary reasons.  Like most filmed concerts, it favors being shown on analoque displays with minimal processing.  Video scaling just can't handle the lighting and color of most stage events.  The picure is notabley quieter than the laserdisc version.  The real bad new is that the recorded sound on this DVD is not the of same performance as either the CD or the Laserdisc (I've not heard the VHS).  There is a different set of compromises from the previously mentioned versions, what's alarming and extremely disappointing is to watch one performance while hearing another.  It's reverse lip syncing.  What we see is an energetic live performance full of life and excitement.  What we hear on the DVD is some compressed live sound way in the background with layered studio sound in the &quot;foreground.&quot;  The studio sound is of a performance with little energy at best.  It's lifeless and awful.  The laserdisc and pressumabley VHS versions on good gear will move the viewer to tears, or raise goosebumps, this is a mockery of the live performance it attempts to convey.<BR>The fidelity of live performance is never the same as studio recordings.  What makes live shows work is the complete performance, warts and all, if you will.  The laserdisc and CD are not great from a pure fidelity standpoint, but they were &quot;live&quot; for the most part.  The previous versions were &quot;enhanced&quot; with some studio gimmickry.  The track:&quot;In Your Eyes&quot; on laserdisc being obviously rerecorded with some of the flaws evident on the DVD, only to a lesser extent.  There is plenty serious compression too,  but at least we got to see and hear the performance more as it happened.  I had hoped the DVD would be better, I hadn't guessed it would be taken back to a studio and completely recorded over again.  This is not &quot;live&quot; anymore.<BR>I can only guess that Peter Gabriel is getting poor sound advice, the technical aspects of his recordings has generally gotten better over the years.  There was the announcement that his catalogue was being re-released in the questionable at best SACD format which is some cause for concern for those concerned with fidelity, and now this.  Where these decisions come from is an unknown, but we have no choice in the matter.  We want to hear this music, so we buy them as they are. This concert is absolutley stunning.  We just don't get to hear it on the DVD.<BR>Too bad, as consumers, we aren't given a choice between the sing along audio version we have here and the sound from the actual show as two audio choices instead of the DTS/Dolby Digital options.<BR>Make sure you know what you are buying.  This is NOT live sound.<BR>I vote with my dollars and support my favorite artists with loyalty.  I can only hope this concert will be re-released someday with the performance we are seeing in the film in tact.  I'll buy that one too.  The show is that good.
B00007E8V4|5.0|Soad take us back in time with this album I love this album and anybody who likes metal or soad should have this there's not one song on this album I can say sucks people may ask what are these songs about cause every body knows all of soad's songs have a meaning whether u believe or not chic N stu if can get is about advertising basically and pizza is something that is advertised alot Innervison to me is about self happiness or in another words soul searching bubbles to me is about the economy especially between the citizens and goverment Boom! is just about war galore Nuguns is a hard song to understand I think it's about prositution ADD is just about the fake american dream Mr Jack is about Police brutality IEIOAIO to me is about the 4 of July hmm and 36 is about fads and how people don't want to be there self Pictures my fav song I think is about people see therselves in a certain perspective Highway song this is a hard song to figure out I think it's about drinking an driving *uck The system is self explanatory Ego brain I think is about nature and how most americans don't know a good thing till it withers away Thetawaves is about society to me Roulette the oldest song on the album is a simple love song and Streamline I think is about Armenian genocide while serj says most the lyrics he writes he does'nt payattenion to sometimes mean stuff but pick up the album it's nice and if u have a diagreement with my song meanings e-mail me please I would like to hear the opinions of other fans
B00008H2LB|3.0|Linkin Park is known for their first cd, Hybrid Theory, which is a plethora of studio enhanced rock hits. Well, if you like manufactured music, this cd is for you. Yes, I am sure its going to have the same sort of songs. In fact, there are songs on this album which have the same chord progressions as some of their previous hits from their first album. It is definately a studio ploy to make more hits. For example, track 13 &quot;Numb&quot; will be the predecessor to the single &quot;Crawling&quot;. It's not a bad cd, but its very generic.
B000069HK2|5.0|I'll review every song individually and give it a rating to give you a better taste of the CD broken down. Then I'll summarize it at the end with a final grade:<br />1. Maybe Memories - 90/100<br />The intro song is a hard one. Intense vocals and clashing drums fill the background for the duration of the song. Around 1:40, it lightens up and Bert sings a few higher pitched notes. Overall a great start.<br />2. The Taste Of Ink - 93/100<br />The radio song and single. Also one of the most lyrically filled songs. The chorus is a memorable one and the medium-intensity song comes off extremely well.<br />3. Bulimic - 85/100<br />Not one of my favorites, but still a great song. One of the hardest (chorus at least) on the CD. Mellows out for a while in the middle, specially vocals, but comes back.<br />4. Say Days Ago - 92/100<br />The song that the Used usually begin their concerts with. A definite hit, and another pretty hard song. Sounds somewhat similar to song #1, but slightly better in my opinion.<br />5. Poetic Tragedy - 94/100<br />The mood of the CD flips a 180* and this mellow song kicks in with its soft guitar and bass rift beat. The chorus is a bit harder, \\"A sinnnnger, A wriiiter, hes not dream of going nowherre..\\". Classic.<br />6. Buried Myself Alive - 95/100<br />Definitely one of the more catchy songs on the album, simply because of the chorus. \\"I guess its Okay I puked the day away!! I guess it's better that you trapped yourself in your own wasy!!\\". Nice!<br />7. A Box Full Of Sharp Objects - 94/100<br />A hard song. Also the 2nd single from the album. Great lyrics and vocals throughout. Definitely NOT a skipper.<br />8. Blue And Yellow - 97/100<br />My personal favorite track on the CD. I love everything about it - the beginning guitar twings, the vocals, lyrics, and chorus. Sing to this one 'til your voice box gives out! Not as hard as many on the CD but just as intense in its own way.<br />9. Greener With The Scenery - 96/100<br />A perfect followup to the previous track and an instant classic. Probably the most memorable chorus on the CD besides for The Taste Of Ink. \\"Run we go around in circles...\\". Everything means so much.<br />10. Noise And Kisses - 96/100<br />Another classic. One of the best songs on the CD. Starts with some awesome drums then continues with great vocals by Bert. Chorus is awesome... argg! Play it loud!<br />11. On My Own - 94/100<br />The softest song on the CD, and it comes off near-flawless! Guitar is played to perfection and the production on the track couldn't be better. Amazing.<br />12. Pieces Mended - 89/100<br />The CD ends in a pretty hard song - with the chorus being the hardest. \\"Marry Me, stay the same, love me and try to say you never will...\\". Pretty short but leads to...<br />*Bonus Track. Choke Me - 84/100<br />For a bonus track it's a pretty good addition. Not nearly as good as most of the songs on the CD in my opinion though. Extremely hatd vocals and clashing instruments. It's still good music though.<br />OVERALL RATING: 94/100<br />OVERALL GRADE: A<br />Summary: The Used suprised me more than almost any debut CD I've ever heard. I don't consider myself an easy reviewer, but even so, almost every song is deserving of a top notch grade. It's amazingly great music, nothing less. The songs all have that intense appeal but each one stands out on its own at the same time. If you like hard rock, punk rock, and... well, any kind of rock, Go out and buy this album!ck and an instant classic. Probably the most memorable chorus on the CD besides for The Taste Of Ink. \\"Run we go around in circles...\\". Everything means so much.<br />10. Noise And Kisses - 96/100<BR>Another classic. One of the best songs on the CD. Starts with some awesome drums then continues with great vocals by Bert. Chorus is awesome... argg! Play it loud!<br />11. On My Own - 94/100<BR>The softest song on the CD, and it comes off near-flawless! Guitar is played to perfection and the production on the track couldn't be better. Amazing.<br />12. Pieces Mended - 89/100<BR>The CD ends in a pretty hard song - with the chorus being the hardest. \\"Marry Me, stay the same, love me and try to say you never will...\\". Pretty short but leads to...<br />*Bonus Track. Choke Me - 84/100<BR>For a bonus track it's a pretty good addition. Not nearly as good as most of the songs on the CD in my opinion though. Extremely hatd vocals and clashing instruments. It's still good music though.<br />OVERALL RATING: 94/100<br />OVERALL GRADE: A<br />Summary: The Used suprised me more than almost any debut CD I've ever heard. I don't consider myself an easy reviewer, but even so, almost every song is deserving of a top notch grade. It's amazingly great music, nothing less. The songs all have that intense appeal but each one stands out on its own at the same time. If you like hard rock, punk rock, and... well, any kind of rock, Go out and buy this album!
B00008H2LE|4.0|I got this album a day before it was supposed to be released and I have to say that they have lost some of their edge compared to Hybrid Theory. But if you're an LP fan then you'd probably buy this album anyway. <BR>I'm not saying their bad, I think this album is fairly good, just don't have such high expectations.
0060012218|4.0|Though a fictional piece about a group of teen-aged gay comrades, author Brent Hartinger's \\"Geography Club\\" is less another coming-of-age story and more a reflection of the sometimes ponderous social and educational restrictions on today's teens struggling to validate themselves despite their same-sex preferences. The \\"Geography Club\\" here is intended to do just that, but peer pressure and rejection force it to become Goodkind High School's Gay-Straight-Bisexual Alliance. Given current court challenges to some schools' prohibition against such alliances, Hartinger seems to have tapped into a contemporary nerve. It's a realistic portrayal, and Hartinger's characters - Russel Middlebrook and school baseball stud Kevin Land, both of whom give in to a mutual attraction to each other - can be Everyman's teen-aged kid. Russel and Kevin, working hard to keep their covert relationship hidden, nonetheless are found out by three other teens who, coincidentally, are also gay. In trying for some degree of acceptance, even from each other, the enclave establishes the \\"Geography Club,\\" designed purposely to be so boring that no one will join it, thus protecting the hidden purpose of the club. It's only when social forces collide to bring the small gay group out into the daylight that the \\"Geography Club\\" meets a challenge from peer and educational prejudices. Hartinger's character development is incredible, and his injection of occasional expletives are by no means gratuitous but instead serve as a mirror of real life. Though the reader need not be gay to try to benefit from the book's sublimial message, it is a potentially important wakeup for the gay teen struggling for peer, parental and self-acceptance, and to parents who might get a clue to how crushing a weight their childrens' closets can be.
0451196716|5.0|i would have to say this is maybe Stephen King's best normal novel(meaning don't include The Stand or the Dark Tower). in my opinion, this is the scariest of all of his books, hands down. it delves deep into the human psyche and really makes you care about a few of the characters, and when they leave the story, it's a sad day indeed. anyway, it's short, so if you're one of the rare few that don't get into it, you won't be in for too much suffering. i recommend it to anyone that's ever read a book.
0802130208|1.0|I read this book at the insistence of a &quot;friend&quot; who wanted to know what I thought of it. After reading several chapters and not finding it engaging at all, I told her so and tried to give it back. She wouldn't take the book back until I had finished it.<BR>There are many books in this world that, once you begin them, you can't put them down. With this book, once I put it down, I found it extremely difficult to pick it back up again. <BR>This book has absolutely nothing whatsoever to recommend it. It is without a doubt the single worst piece of literature I have ever inflicted upon myself. The characters without exception are unlikable and, not merely bland, but actively unpleasant, with the worst of a bad lot being Ignatius Reilly himself. There is no plot to speak of, just a series of increasingly hostile encounters between Ignatius and everybody else unfortunate enough to meet him. It is utterly incomprehensible to me how this book even got published, let alone won a pulitzer. It is incomparably bad. <BR>Do not waste your time.
B00008H2LB|4.0|This is a solid cd but coming from a hardcore linkin park fan, it just doesn't cut it. There are a few real good songs but the album simply can not compete with Hybrid Theory. Two of the tracks are wasted. It's too short and the music is just a little boring. It's worth buying but you may be a little disapointed like me.
6301390725|4.0|When Disney released Mary Poppins, other studios tried to copy it. They did so horribly. Only Disney can come up with a fitting follow up to Mary Poppins. That movie is Bedknobs and Broomsticks. Walt Disney was planning this movie while Mary Poppins was in production. The movie is about an apprentice witch and three children, who she is assinged to take care of duting the NAZI bombing of London. There are many good musical and dance numbers. The Portabello Road number is outstanding. There is an outstanding underwater animated sequence. Of course the soccer game is a complete riot. The scene at the end where Angela Landsbury animates the Armour in the musuem and leads them in an attack against the invading Germans is also very funny. In all this a very charming movie with some very good songs.
B000051VWW|4.0|one of the most unique voices in music, accompanied by the talent and artistry she has come to be known for...Several words can describe how great this CD is, but i choose this one....AWESOME!!!<br />sade never disappoints...the wait was definitely worth it.<br />BTW:  she's even more AWESOME and SPECTACULAR live...
B000089RVX|5.0|Truely innovative, and a joy to listen to.  This band has such a great range of musical style, each track is like a new experience of the groups abilities.  Amy has a beautiful, beautiful voice.  I enjoy all of the songs, but am more a fan of the harder ones (tourniquet, haunted, imaginary, going under).  The sound in these songs reminds me very much of linkin park, one of my favorite bands, but with less screaming, which can turn be a turn off for some people they wont experience with Evanescence.  Amy can scream, whisper, hell, she couldn't sound bad if she was trying.  Buy this CD.
B00001NFCY|5.0|After getting this CD a few years ago, it has remained one of my all time favorites. It has some of the old sounding Creed for the first few years and a taste of what was to come in Weathered. Here is a song by song review<BR>1.Are You Ready(4,5)-A good start to the cd, but not the best.<BR>2.What If?(5,5)-Tied for the hardest rocking song on the album, very cool last 2 minutes.<BR>3.Beautiful(3,5)-An OK song, a good chorus and ending.<BR>4.Say I(4,5)-Kind of haunting, talks about a destroyed world or somthing.<BR>5.Wrong Way(3,5)-This song never really caught my interest,OK<BR>6.Faceless Man(5,5)-A very good song, I like how the drums come in and the ending is basically like all good Creed endings<BR>7.Never Die(2,5)-This doesn't really belong after #6 and is a little wierd<BR>8.With Arms Wide Open(4,5)-The harder rock version of the song,the strings version is the radio one<BR>9.Higher(5,5)-Creed will probably be remembered for this and With Arms Wide Open, great opening, great chorus, and overall great.<BR>10.Wash Away Those Years(5,5)- My personal favorite on the album, it starts off slow then gets lounder until the climax where Scott's vocals really soar, listen you'll see what I mean.<BR>11.Inside Us All(5,5)-A good closing for the regular cd, the chorus is really good and Mark singing in the back ground is great.<BR>12.With Arms Wide Open[strings version](5,5)-The megahit, a very moving song with great everything and a syphony in the background.<BR>So with that in mind, know Creed is definately one of the best bands out there if not the best, and that this is considered by many to be their best.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Just got this album today.  Absolutely incredible.  I love how the songs lead into each other so the flow isn't interrupted.  They all sound great, too!  Reminds me of hybrid theory, and helps me to forget about reanimation.  Some of the tracks deviate a bit, such as session - there are no lyrics, but it's still awesome.  My favorites are easier to run, faint, and of course the single somewhere i belong.  The shouting may turn some off at times, but I dont mind it.  Definitely a must have.
B00008H2LB|4.0|well this cd is not really as good as the original one, but it has some good moments.  for example song #6 &amp; 7 are really good, but it's obvious that somewhere i belong is the best song on the cd.  not bad for a cd but i think it will get old quick!
0671027344|5.0|First all I would definitely reccomend this book to anyone who enjoys reading about the the struggles that come with the high school years and all the pain and pleasures they bring. This book chronicles the high school experiences of a boy named Charlie who keeps a diary of events so desciptive that you feel like you are experiencing them with him. I do not read books that much but when I got hold of this book I honestly could not put it down. From the first page it drew me in and got me hooked because I knew what he was going through because I have been through high school and could relate.  <BR>     I found this book to have many merits and far fewer shortcomings. The first merit that stood out to me was the language that is used. Many books use language that is not fit for the audience that is reading the book butthis book uses the language that a boy in high school would use, therefor making it fun to read and also a lot easier to understand. The language gets quite graphic in some places so you have to be a little open minded in order to not be offended.<BR>     Another merit of this book that I picked up on was that it discusses topics in depth and does not skip over the topics that are considered taboo in today's society. In his diary, Charlie discusses such contraversial topics as homosexuality, drug usage, sex, feelings of guilt, domestic violence, and even death. I liked that this book delves into these topics pretty deep and shows how they affect Charlie. From Charlies point of view nothing is black and white or right and wrong because he is constantly getting different messages about situations. His lifeline in this book or the thing that makes him feel at peace is The Rocky Horror Picture Show and a special song that makes him feel infinite. Everybody can relate to this book because we have all been through the hell that is the high school years.<BR>     The last but not least merit that I will discuss is the format in which the book is written. One ofthe things I like about this  book is instead of having a 15 page paragraph it has many short journal entries that are not super long so it is easier to read and not get tired or bored. I have discussed many merits of this exceptional book but one thing I could not find was any shortcomings. I liked everything about this book and personally did not find anywhere in the book that I thought needed improvements. <BR>     I would reccomend this book to anyone who likes to get involved in a good book that deals with real life situations. Charlie and author Stephen Chbosky take you on a rollercoaster ride that is constantly up and down. This book is passivtiy vs. passion and just a great all around book. Highly, highly, reccomended.
158788772X|4.0|I know it's a clique, but I really have a hard time putting this book down.  I say have instead of had because, as many times as I've read it, I still love to pick it up from time to time.  My limited vocabulary really can't do justice to why I'm so fascinated by this book.  There's something about the way Puzo draws the reader inside of the inner workings of this brilliant mafioso and his empire that's really compelling.  Really the only down side for me was that I felt myself relating to and sympathizing with the criminals, something I'm generally loathe to do.  Great book!
B00008H2LE|5.0|i think linkin park pulled it off with this cd. i didnt think anything could be on the same level as hybrid theory (their last cd). def should pick up meteora. great cd.
B000002E5J|5.0|It's an amazing CD, especially the brazilian version, that has 5 bonus tracks (versions in portuguese of Un Poco De Amor and Estoy Aqui and remixes of Estoy Aqui, Donde Estas Corazon and Un Poco De amor). All her Cd's are great. If you wanna know a little about the beggining of her carrer, this is the cd for you. All the lyrics are great and written by her. Enough with these pop blonde &quot;singers&quot; that only go to the studio to put them bad &quot;vocals&quot;. That's why Shakira &quot;conquered&quot; America. She's the best representant of the latin music and culture.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Ladies and gentleman, Linkin Park has definitely done it again!!! Meteora is incredible! If you liked Hybrid Theory you will definitely like this album! The music is more complex, the lyrics are more msture and the cd is great! Linkin Park is definitely the best band out there and will definitely be around for a while!!!
B00007JMCX|5.0|Many may call it dull and disjointed, too abstract or just give it a pass, since they haven't heard of it anyway! But they'd be missing a great movie, a unique and intellectual work of art. And that it is. I myself have never been much of a sci-fi fan so I don't particularly enjoy movies about space when they're too complicated and technical, but THE MAN WHO FELL TO EARTH is written in such a simple, but meaningful way- unlike most films nowadays- that makes it ageless, even after 30 years it cannot be considered outdated. Another thing I admire about it is a certain touchy feeling it has; it's hard to explain as it's so surreal, something out of this world! The first time I saw it, I was left with a sense of confusion and melancholy even, without consciously knowing why.  I can't rally say I completely understand it to this day because there are so many hidden messages and feelings that make each time I watch it a whole new experience!<BR>Despite my being a Bowie (super-) fan, I think everyone looking for a new experience in an interesting, smart and thought provoking, non-linear film should definitely buy the special edition DVD! It's worth every penny because it's a movie you can't just watch once, the VHS edition does not do it justice and the 2nd disc offers a very interesting and helpful `Watching The Alien' documentary!
B000001FI7|5.0|I don't think there's a record I've heard in a while that has such a strong unifying &quot;vibe&quot; to it like this.  It's pretty refreshing, actually; I'm getting tired of groups who seem to never have some unifying sound behind them.  It seems even the great Radiohead aren't really ones for conssitency, as even on one album the styles vary wildly (Kid A, for example).  Here, Beth Gibbons and Co. have really etched out a style of their own, combining a '40's noir style with downtempo electronic beats, orchestration, and the occasional squalling guitar.  Unintentionally, I suspect, branded with the label &quot;trip-hop,&quot; this music still seems one of a kind no matter how you look at it.<br />&quot;Mysterons,&quot; the kick-off for the album, is the best example of their mastery and technique.  With a sci-fi, quasi-wailing Ondes-Martenot from Star Trek line going through it, Gibbon's trembling, on-the-verge-of-breaking voice carries a plaintive melody that's hard to resist.  Same goes for their one hit, &quot;Sour Times,&quot; which with its spy-film soundtrack sensibilities and longing vocal still packs some strong emotional punch.  &quot;Strangers&quot; picks things up a bit, with a driving beat and synth tones giving Gibbon's impassioned vocals some oomph.<br />Everything's a gem on here; even the tracks which seem most obviously filler benefit from their trappings and become just as catchy.  &quot;It Could Be Sweet,&quot; though overtly Sade-alike, has a delicate smoky atmosphere that's hundreds of times more subtle and adventurous than anything she's ever done.  &quot;Numb&quot; has an almost bratty vocal to it and a strangely Jamacian sound to its beat and tempo.<br />The two classics on this record, though, &quot;Roads&quot; and &quot;Glory Box,&quot; are what launch this record to immortality.  &quot;Roads&quot; is probably the most emotionally simple and sincere song I've heard in a long time, with a muted beginning building up to a steady beat and lush orchestration, as Gibbons reflects on alienation, loss, and passion.  Towards the end as the song nears breaking emotionally, a gentle bassline brings everything back to earth.  Simply awesome.  &quot;Glory Box,&quot; on the other hand is more direct in its longings, as Gibbons pleas to &quot;give me a reason to be a woman,&quot; over a bluesy beat, strings, and bass, maybe suggesting to her nameless lover that this is something serious and not trite.  As the beat deconstructs the song, Gibbons wails &quot;This is the beginning of forever and ever,&quot; we can't do anything but take her, and her band, seriously, as one of the greatest collections of musicians of the 90's.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Meteora is a solid follow-up to Hybrid Theory. While still recognizable as Linkin Park, this album sounds almost experimental in its use of a greater variety of samples, instrumentation, tempo, and rhythm.  On the album you'll here Asian-sounding samples, an orchestra, and punk influences on various tracks.  While not seemingly laden with mainstream singles as the first album, Meteora still offers some very strong radio-friendly tracks (as well as some misses).  The standout single Somewhere I Belong offers a smooth transition to this new album from Hybrid Theory with its &quot;classic&quot; Linkin Park interaction between vocals/rap and guitars.  Other standouts include the rock ballad Easier to Run, punk-influenced Faint (which sounds like a song from another artist which I cannot put my finger on), the &quot;pushing-me-away&quot;-like Numb, and the Hybrid Theory-feeling From the Inside.  Somewhere I Belong is probably the Crawling of this album, in that it may not truly reflect the rest of the album.  All in all, Meteora is a strong album which is recommended for those who really enjoyed Hybrid Theory but who are not afraid of a slight change of pace.
B00005JLZL|5.0|Acting is excellent, story is great and very moving.  I will be very surprised if this movie is not nominated and subsequently wins the 2003 Oscar for Best Picture. It brought out a mixture of intense emotions I've never before experienced from watching a movie.
B00003CXDV|5.0|It's probably not a good idea to write a review just to take issue with Amazon's editorial review, but I have to say something about their characterization of Fred Kwan/Tech. Sgt. Chen (Tony Shaloub) as a \\"dimwit\\". Kwan/Chen isn't a dimwit, he's just very, very \\"Type B\\"; a doctor would never sedate him, because that would merely be redundant.  That difference of opinion aside, this is one of the best sci-fi satires ever made. One of the reasons it is is that it works on two levels: on the one hand it satirizes Star Trek itself (watching Tim Allen manage to pull off parodies of both William Shatner/Capt. Kirk and Patrick Stewart/Capt. Picard at the same time is, I think, priceless) and on the other hand it satirizes the whole \\"Trekker culture\\". Both satires are affectionate, though, there's no ridicule here, and ultimately we realize that both feed on each other; the stars need their fans just as much as the fans need the stars of their favorite show. Wonderful acting by all the principals (in addition to Shaloub, Alan Rickman and Sigourney Weaver are simply superb (and I hope I look even 1/4 as good as Weaver when I get to be her age), and the rest of the cast work together as a tightly knit ensemble). This is one of the few movies I've seen in the past 20 years that was worth full price at the box office; get out your credit card and order this DVD NOW!!! You won't regret it....
1573229725|5.0|I enjoyed this novel more than any I read last year. The characters are well developed. The plot contains many twists and turns. The love story is well done. It inspired me to read Sarah Waters other two books. Although I enjoyed them as well, especially Pushing the Velvet, I think this is her finest. After I finished Fingersmith I learned that Sarah Waters is often considered a lesbian novelist. Although that is true, Fingersmith will satisfy readers of all sexual orientations. As a heterosexual male, to the degree that I considered the sexual content of Fingersmith at all, it was to realize once again that love is love, no matter what its sexual orientation.
B00008H2LE|4.0|its good but not as good as hybrid theory or reanimation...its still sick though
B00008H2LB|2.0|Because the first record sold so well, I wasn't expecting the second record (I'm not counting Reanimation) to be much different. Of course, Linkin Park wasn't going to change a winning formula. When I heard the first single, &quot;Somewhere I belong&quot;, I knew I was right. This is sad and alright at the same time. It's sad because there wasn't much originality to begin with in Hybrid Theory (if you thought Linkin Park offered something new to the world, you probably just listen to radio music). At the same time, it's alright because, like it or not, this music is really catchy.<br />I'm not going to talk about all the songs here. If you heard any of their songs, you know what the others sound like. I'm just going to point out some of the similarities between the records. First, &quot;Easier to run&quot; sounds exactly like &quot;Crawling&quot;. Same intro, same structure, similar chorus. Second, &quot;Faint&quot; tries to be the second &quot;Papercut&quot;, but is not nearly as good. Finally, &quot;Session&quot; is so much like &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot; it's not even funny. I tried to find a difference but I couldn't.<br />With all that said, it may seems like I hate this record. I don't. But I hate the fact that I don't hate it. I want to dislike it, but it's so damn catchy I'll just have to listen to it until I get bored with it. Good thing is, it probably won't take long. Bad thing is, there's a good chance I'm going to be hearing a lot of this record in the coming months, whether it be from my friends or from the radio.
B00001OH7P|4.0|After released 4 albums. 1 that didnt do anything and the others that were critically aclaimed but sold moderately.<BR>Bowie decided to release a concept album as the space boy Ziggy Stardust. Ziggy S. was a step forward for Bowie and made him a cult superstar. The songs are well played and crafted and interesting and powerful. His songwriting is brilliant and the band Spiders are one hell of a great musicians. A Great album that shouldd be in every music lovers record collection. Also check out the 30th anaversery edition. It has a really good blocket and extra songs ( if you dont plan to buy the Ryko Disc.)
B00001IVOF|5.0|this is an incredible album. buy it trust me.
1881273156|5.0|I rarely give out 5 stars but this one deserves it. An easy read and will certainly change your relationship for the better. If it doesn't, either you are extremely sensitive to your partner or you are an oaf.<br />Also recommend The Romantic's Guide -- another 5 star book that has positively impacted my marriage.
B000003N7K|5.0|ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL IF YOU LISTEN TO MUSIC, PERIOD.<BR>That is all that needs to be said.
0679745203|5.0|The English Patient is like a present under the Christmas tree.  It is beautiful at the start, and fills you with anticipation, awaiting what is to come.  It is a many layered story.  Hana, the nurse and the nameless English Patient inhabit a villa north of Florence, Italy near the end of World War 2.  Soon, two new characters, Caravaggio a thief and Kip, a sapper are introduced to the plotline.  As they all live their lives at the villa, Ondaatje feeds us snippets of their pasts and how they came to the villa.  The novel is well-written, and easy to get into.  It is an experience I won't soon forget.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I had already heard five tracks several weeks earlier, as a result of the bandbuilder.com website, so I kind of cheated.  But the release of the album still had me shaking with anticipation...and it did not disappoint, and in fact gave me, personally, something even more.<br />The \\"Foreword\\" sets the tone for the rest of the album, with breaking glass, leading into the first display of rage, \\"Don't Stay,\\" showcasing Chester Bennington's ability to scream.  This is followed by the \\"calm-down,\\" if you can say that, called \\"Somewhere I Belong,\\" the current hit single on MTV.  It is quite a contrast from some of the songs from Hybrid Theory, where there was no hope, but the lyrics from this song can be said to have that \\"light-at-the-end-of-the-tunnel\\" feel.  \\"Lying From You\\" is a justification of manipulation to get away from someone, and Mike Shinoda's genius lyrics are amazing:  \\"I can't forget about the criminal I am/Stealing second after second just cuz I know I can.\\"  The heaviness of \\"Hit The Floor\\" is certainly a step up from Hybrid Theory.  The style of \\"Easier To Run\\" reminds me a little of \\"In The End,\\" but it still is a decent song.  \\"Faint\\" is also one of those change-ups from Linkin Park, where the lyrics actually talk about wanting a relationship.<br />The unique title \\"Figure.09\\" seems mask the fact that it sounds wayyy too much like \\"One Step Closer,\\" although the manner in which the lyrics discuss regret in getting into a relationship reflects the uniqueness of the title.<br />\\"Breaking the Habit\\" is, in my opinion, something special.  You keep waiting for the heaviness to come in, but the lyrics totally reflect the music and the title.  Chester talks about not wanting to scream and how he is confused, and so he is going to \\"break his habit\\"...just like the song has taken a total left-turn from typical Linkin Park style, sounding more like alternative music and nothing at all like hard rock.  Just because there is no heaviness, however, doesn't mean itisn't a good song...it is!!!<br />\\"From The Inside\\" is a great song that shows the pain that lack of trust of the world can produce in someone, although lyrically there is nothing groundbreaking.  \\"Nobody's Listening\\" is another break from the first album, with heavy guitar riffs mixed in with a flute playing in the background to a hip-hop sounding beat, while Mike Shinoda showcases his emceeing skills.  \\"Session,\\" Mr. Hahn's DJ Track, while still an instrumental, seems to actually have some emotion that is parallel to that on the rest of the album...unlike \\"Cure For The Itch.\\"  Chester's vocal range is amazing on \\"Numb,\\" and it is complemented by a piano in the background.<br />Overall, the only flaws on this album are two songs sounding a little bit like two from the last one, but if you can overlook those and remember that those two songs were actually really really great, and that this album shows numerous exciting new directions that Linkin Park could take with their music, then you are in for a treat.
B00005AQGH|5.0|The lyrical content on here may not be as inspiring and groundbreaking as it was on Me Against The World, and his delivery and hooks may not have been as great as on All Eyez On Me...but just the same it's 2Pac and he doesn't fail to deliver at all.  In fact it's almost better that he's more angry and violent on this cd as opposed to the way he was in the past, because he proves with this release he was the most versatile rapper in history...no one could put down battle tracks like he did, and they are here in bulk.  Don't get me wrong, his artistic ability is still VERY evident here, as Me And My Girlfriend is a song-long metaphor about Pac and his gun...and Krazy conveys his feelings about how times have changed greatly in his life up until that point.  <BR>To sum it up: not his best, but still manages to outshine basically every other rapper's best offering out there.<BR>R.I.P. 2pac
B00008H2LB|4.0|I had already heard five tracks several weeks earlier, so I kind of cheated.  But the release of the album still had me shaking with anticipation...and it did not disappoint, and in fact gave me, personally, something even more.<br />The \\"Foreword\\" sets the tone for the rest of the album, with breaking glass, leading into the first display of rage, \\"Don't Stay,\\" showcasing Chester Bennington's ability to scream.  This is followed by the \\"calm-down,\\" if you can say that, called \\"Somewhere I Belong,\\" the current hit single on MTV.  It is quite a contrast from some of the songs from Hybrid Theory, where there was no hope, but the lyrics from this song can be said to have that \\"light-at-the-end-of-the-tunnel\\" feel.  \\"Lying From You\\" is a justification of manipulation to get away from someone, and Mike Shinoda's genius lyrics are amazing:  \\"I can't forget about the criminal I am/Stealing second after second just cuz I know I can.\\"  The heaviness of \\"Hit The Floor\\" is certainly a step up from Hybrid Theory.  The style of \\"Easier To Run\\" reminds me a little of \\"In The End,\\" but it still is a decent song.  \\"Faint\\" is also one of those change-ups from Linkin Park, where the lyrics actually talk about wanting a relationship.<br />The unique title \\"Figure.09\\" seems mask the fact that it sounds wayyy too much like \\"One Step Closer,\\" although the manner in which the lyrics discuss regret in getting into a relationship reflects the uniqueness of the title.<br />\\"Breaking the Habit\\" is, in my opinion, something special.  You keep waiting for the heaviness to come in, but the lyrics totally reflect the music and the title.  Chester talks about not wanting to scream and how he is confused, and so he is going to \\"break his habit\\"...just like the song has taken a total left-turn from typical Linkin Park style, sounding more like alternative music and nothing at all like hard rock.  Just because there is no heaviness, however, doesn't mean it isn't a good song...it is!!!<br />\\"From TheInside\\" is a great song that shows the pain that lack of trust of the world can produce in someone, although lyrically there is nothing groundbreaking.  \\"Nobody's Listening\\" is another break from the first album, with heavy guitar riffs mixed in with a flute playing in the background to a hip-hop sounding beat, while Mike Shinoda showcases his emceeing skills.  \\"Session,\\" Mr. Hahn's DJ Track, while still an instrumental, seems to actually have some emotion that is parallel to that on the rest of the album...unlike \\"Cure For The Itch.\\"  Chester's vocal range is amazing on \\"Numb,\\" and it is complemented by a piano in the background.<br />Overall, the only flaws on this album are two songs sounding a little bit like two from the last one, but if you can overlook those and remember that those two songs were actually really really great, and that this album shows numerous exciting new directions that Linkin Park could take with their music, then you are in for a treat.
B0000039QA|4.0|I'm not being close-minded when I say that 2Pac was better...I'm being real.  Biggie was truly great himself, however, as this is one of my favorite albums.  R.I.P. Biggie
B00008H2LB|5.0|this the best album linkin park hhas made to this date please go buy this album it will make your life that much better
B00005AQE8|5.0|In my opinion, the greatest hip-hop album of all time.  That's not to say that it isn't very close with some other awesome albums, but this one takes the crown as far as I'm concerned.  And this is coming from a true New Yorker, so you kno I didn't come to this decision easily.  <BR>R.I.P. 2Pac
B000005HO0|5.0|you've been warned. this is how the album starts. after one or two minutes of silence where we only hear the audience and euronymous' soundchecking. this is the classic mayhem lineup and the only official recording of it. despite the horrid production there is still plenty of good stuff and buzzing to hear, and the band delivers. Dead's interpretation of &quot;funeral fog&quot; is memorable but all the remaining songs are just as amazing. i'm just fond of 'funeral fog', being my favorite mayhem song (along with their more recent &quot;ancient skin&quot; from the '97 ep). this concert has magic, believe it or not i dont care. and this is what 'Mediolanum capta est' is lacking (but it makes up for it with thunderous sound, production and dazzling musicianship). it's still worth the five stars but i'm still waiting for a mayhem concert that would combines the filthy atmosphere of 'live in leipzig' with the sonic inferno of 'mediolanum...' i can only imagine how many dozens of stars such a record would be given as a rating...
B0000039PW|4.0|Yo classic hip hop right here...Pac might've been better, but that dont make this any less to listen to...one of my favorites
B00008H2LB|4.0|Thanks to WinMX, I had Meteora a week before it was released.  Thus I've had to time to listen to it and get a feel for the album as a whole.  I think it's a very strong sophomore release.  The sound quality is top notch and whoever engineered and produced it should be given a pat on the back.  The style hasn't changed much from Hybrid Theory, but many of the songs have a unique sound not copying their debut effort.  This album is very hard rock, with a few primarily rap songs thrown in.<BR>Best Songs: Don't Stay, Somewhere I Belong, Lying From You, and Easier to Run. Though I downloaded it, I feel it's worth buying and am going to do so.  If you liked Hybrid Theory, you should buy Meteora.  Though it's 36 minutes, Meteora's 13 songs offer diversity and satisfaction.
B000005JA8|5.0|Lester Bangs LOVED this album (I was thinking of cutting and pasting his old Rolling Stone review here; read it), partially because it was truly \\"free.\\" He was right. <BR>I don't think that this album is particularly bizarre: it seems perfectly natural to me. It's actually a bit surprising how conventional much of this album is, what with the songs having actual riffs and the lyrics being about things instead of just full-on edge-of-consciousness free-for-alls. But I suppose 80 minutes of no structure or beat at all would be a bit hard to take. Things actually improve as the record goes by. It certainly isn't boring, which is a term better applied to the majority of slick pop orchestrated by \\"normal people.\\" Donnie and Marie are fine, my friends, but they are hardly \\"challenging.\\" And at least Beefheart gets a reaction from people: most music just slides on by and no one ever gets worked up [stuff] like Creed and Tool I've written notwithstanding.<BR>Anyway, I'm sure this will scare your parents a whole lot more than any \\"punk\\" or \\"Satanic\\" heavy metal. Buy it. I dare you.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park does it again!! a great cd full of hard vocals and even harder guitar's. all in all its a well put together album.<BR>This one should be added to your collection, it was worth the wait.
B000005IRG|5.0|This definatly the best cd that television ever produced. (Even it's a close matchup with adventure, the self title and of course the blow up). This album is really the one that created a limit before and after the 70's. This is not a commercial group. They just love the music. It is known that Richard Loyd and Tom Verlaine spent 1 hour for each song of Marquee Moon, to tune their guitar. <BR>If you like good rock/punk music, (such as the sex pistols, the ramones, fugazi, Richard Hell, led zeplin, Black Sabbath, Mike Paton...) and not the poor commercial  music that we have today such as the Red Hot, Limpbizit, Korn.. (by the way these were exellent groups before, but they just felt somehow, that money was more important then music). Anyways, all Im trying to say is that this the real thing. This, my friends, is music.
B000002HD5|5.0|Sadly, I forgot about ths album.  But after hearing it again recently, I realized how powerful this CD is.  <br />This came out nearly 10 years ago during my first year of college.  A crazy time for an 18 year old and these songs just bring back the memories.  Every song is well done and is filled with emotion.  There isn't a bad apple amoung the bunch.  By far their best album.
B00008H2LE|5.0|One word describes this CD.......WOW!!!  Not only have I heard this CD 5 times today (and i just bought it 3 and a half hours ago)...i can't beleive how well this album was put together .  In my opinion the best songs on the CD are... \\"Don't Stay,\\" ...\\"Somewhere I Belong,\\"...\\"Hit the Floor,\\"...\\"Faint,\\"...\\"Breaking the Habit,\\"...and \\"Session.\\"  This is one of those Cds that will not leave your CD player for a very long time.....go out and buy this album now....you won't be dissapointed!!    BIG UPS TO LINKIN PARK!!!!
B0000640VN|1.0|Well, this was definately a chick flick from beginning to end. You don't really even need to see the movie. You pretty much know the beginning from the end from the title.<br />A new york woman gets mixed up with a guy from earlier in time. Like 200 years earlier. He doesn't know really what is going on and she thinks he is kinda wierd. He shows some old time shivelry by treating her like a lady and she falls in love.<br />But it wouldn't be a true love story if there wasn't a fight and separation. So he goes back to his time and then she realizes what she lost, travels back and they live happily ever after. <br />Same old story, different scenery. If you want to see this movie just rent a film with previews for this show on it. You will see all you need to from that.
B000089RVX|5.0|ok, first off DO NOT associate this band with Linkin Park. I think it's a shame that many people will only hear &quot;Bring me to Life&quot; and immediately think that it's just Linkin Park with a female singer. This group is miles and miles above anything Linkin Park has ever done. The heavy clash of the guitars from the &quot;guys&quot; and the hauntingly beautiful vocals from the &quot;girl&quot; make an incredible combination that is felt throughout the album. And speaking of Amy Lee, her voice is just spellbinding. The two ballads &quot;My Immortal&quot; and &quot;Hello&quot; are excellent and highly emotional songs. I think that &quot;My Immortal&quot; may just be one of the most beautiful songs ever. This band also excels at simply great almost goth style rock. My favorites include &quot;Going Under&quot;, &quot;Whisper&quot;, &quot;My Last Breath&quot;, &quot;Haunted&quot;, &quot;Imaginary&quot; and of course their current radio hit &quot;Bring me to Life&quot;. That may seem like a lot of favorite songs, but each is amazing in its own way. I VERY rarely ever give out a 5 star rating to a band, but Evanescence really is just that good. <br />Check 'em out. You won't regret it!
B00005JL7Q|1.0|First of all Hugh Grant? Why? <BR>This is a film that makes absolutely no sense and has abosolutely nothing of value in it. It quite frankly put me to sleep faster than Moulon Rouge, and that didn't take long. This is what seems to be a british attempt at comedy which failed miserably. I can't handle Hugh Grant any more than I can handle watching someone vomit. And for someone to pay him to actually put him on the big screen is absoulutly absurd to me. If you seriously want to walk away from a movie being less intelligent than when it started, then watch this moive.
0446677450|5.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad has become the single most successful-best selling financial book ever---and for good reason; the advice works. It tells people not what they want to hear, but they need to hear.I also recommend Rich Dad's Guide to Investing which offers better investing strategies than just blindly buying mutual funds or listening to your broker without rhyme or reason.I wish you continued success!
B00005YTFG|5.0|I loved this movie. When I stayed with my friend's house we watched it,at first I thought it was boring but then out came Satine (Nicole Kidman) and when she fainted i really got into it and I loved it! Nicole Kidman is awesome and she has a great voice! Ewan McGregor is a great actor he also has a great voice. I highly recommend this movie,it is by far one of Nicole's best movies. Go Nicole!      signed a big fan
B00008H2LE|5.0|Meteora is totally amazing. I was afraid that wasn't going to match 'Hybrid Theory' but hell it does!! I didn't really 'feel' Somewhere I Belong but I am happy to report that this album rocks. The rapping-v.cool (they have slightly improved) and the melodies and beats are rocking:(Session-the only instrumental is excellent similar to 'The cure for the itch' on Hybrid theory/Reanimation). Overall I think probably because I was expecting too much from Linkin Park but it does take a few listens to fully feel the music, if you get what I mean...<br />Meteora also comes with a DVD (extra costs) and a bulky booklet with various pictures and song lyrics. Go buy it!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Hot Damn!  Linkin Park has done it again, and returned more daring in stylistic experiments than before.  The tracks display incredible range, from ragged, to symphonic and eccentric (don't believe me--check out &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;), then blend the extremes together.  And less experimental songs like &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; will keep the mainstream audiance.  I needn't say more, just get the CD and see for yourself.
B00008H2LB|5.0|How they managed to make a better album is beyond me, but they actually did it. This album is amazing from beginning to end. From the hard rocking riffs of &quot;Don't Stay&quot; to the calm, pleasing intro beat of &quot;Numb,&quot; the album just takes you and never lets you go. Stand out tracks include &quot;Lying From You,&quot; &quot;Faint,&quot; and &quot;Breaking the Habit.&quot; These are only my favorite tracks, but rest assured that every single track in the album is great. If you liked the first one, then you absolutely are gonna love this one. If you are one of those who thinks Linkin Park is not worth listening to, then don't listen to it. You're the one missing out on great music. It's great to see artists who can make music that is this creative. This album, along with Metallica's and Radiohead's new albums will probably be the best releases of 2003.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Wow.<br />From the first few seconds of Don't Stay (Foreward isn't a song), you'll be hooked. Immediately you're immersed in the new Linkin Park sound; a much heavier, rougher, and ultimately more inspiring sound that reaches new heights and shows just how far this awesome band has come. Chester's voice reaches a new level of despair, pain, and eventually confidence. Mike's rapping sounds great as always... but the music just keeps getting better!<br />Next up is the hit single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, which sounds the most like Hybrid Theory (LP's last album). It's a great song, with all the things that make LP great, but it's not too different. Still, it's good.<br />Next is Lying from You, which has the most memorable chorus I've heard in a long time... &quot;You.... / I wanna be pushed aside / so let me go... let me take back my life, / I'd rather be / all alone / anywhere on my own / cause I can say / the very worst part of you / is me...&quot; Simply put, this is Papercut for a new generation of fans!<br />Though Hit the Floor is certainly no less of a song talentwise, I'm just not particularly fond of it. Too rappy, is all.<br />However, everything is pushed aside when you hear the unbelievable opening to Easier to Run.. easily Linkin Park's most chillingly brilliant opening ever. An amazing song!<br />Next is Faint, which is the most unique song on the album. This is something new, different, and completely awesome. Dance beat + guitar = cool.<br />Then... Figure.09... which absolutely rocks my world. If this was the end of the album, Figure.09 would be one of the best songs Linkin Park had ever done. As it is, it's one of my top three favorites... this one is worth the CD alone!<br />Breaking the Habit: Chester singing alone; he does it extremely well. This is another truly great song, about truly important issues (suicide in this case). The chorus reminds me of anime theme songs for some reason...<br />From the Inside: Instant classic. Definitely aLinkin Park hit; possibly a classic song of 2003. This will live on for years, as Crawling has. &quot;TAKE / everything / FROM THE INSIDE / and THROW it ALL away...&quot; Whoah. Again, this is worth the price of admission :)<br />Nobody's Listening: my least favorite, because I'm not too fond of that much rap, but it's GOOD rap. I have much more respect for Mike's skills after hearing this track. <br />Session: instrumental, but a damn cool one. Much better than Cure for the Itch. Just makes you want to groove!<br />And finally... we arrive at Numb. Simply put, Numb is one of the best songs I have ever heard. It is epic. It is a masterpiece. It is what we all knew Linkin Park was capable of. From the opening, with the Shakuhachi, you'll see why it's so powerful. Every second of it is just awe-inspiring. I just got chills when I first heard it... this song is UNBELIEVABLE. The chorus just hits me so hard...<br />Buy this CD. If you liked Hybrid Theory, you will not BELIEVE how good Meteora is. It's so good that even though I downloaded the leaked tracks early I went out to buy it the day it came out--this is a work truly worthy of purchase. The only downsides are that it is short and may have more rap than some fans are used to... but you can't claim the album is bad--it's seriously one of the best complete albums I've heard in a long, long time, and although some may claim that it doesn't reach the peak of In the End or Crawling, songs like Numb, Don't Stay and Figure.09 actually (in my opinion) go so much further than Hybrid Theory ever did in showing the depth of human experience. Meteora is an album for changed times; an album that shows so much compassion, so much heart, and so much pain.. it will take you on the biggest rollercoaster ride of your life!
B000006TRV|5.0|All in all this a tremendously ugly album! The music, much of it ranging from morose/somber to angry and frustrated, is a perfect background for the poetic story of Roger Waters semi-fictional character. A character based loosely on his own feelings about growing up without a father (WWII) and partially on Syd Barrett, the band's original front man. The Wall is a fascinating and artful interpretation of what happens to a generation robbed of strong father figures. This album is one of the darkest pieces of popular music ever written and undoubtedly will go down in the annals of musical history as a unique masterpiece.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Listen, Hybrid Theory was by far one of the most significant productions released for the rock genre in a long time. It took leaps and bounds over the competition. Now that Meteora is released I have found musically that the cd contains the same great samples and lyrical content; one thing is missing. The length of the overall cd encompases roughly 36 minutes which falls short of even a &quot;short&quot; cd's length in general. Basically, Meteora is simply too short and does not leave the listener with a sense of completeness and Hybrid Theory did. Both of Linkin Park's cd's are musically fantastic, however, Meteora lacks the overall completeness that is severally required. They took two years to produce and record this cd, why in the world would they feel that 36 inutes is enough. Thank you for your time. Tampa represent.
B00005A0N5|5.0|I wasn't expecting this. I hadn't heard of Nightwish anywhere before and just happened to be browsing through links from other bands I like when I happened to read a review of this album and it mentioned that Nightwish had an operetic female singer. Being a huge fan of the mixture of classical and metal I figured this might work, so I bought Oceanborn and Wishmaster. <br />I can't begin to recommend this album enough. But first a warning, if you're into hard, head banging metal and that's the only way for you, don't bother buying this. These songs are about mood and atmosphere not energy and raw agression. Although I have received \\"you're crazy\\" looks from non-metal fans for saying it, the only real way to describe this music adequately is to call it hauntingly beautiful. Tarja's vocals are mind blowing. They are inspiring, powerful, serene, intense, majestic, haunting & clear all in one. It's not something that can be described, it's something that has to be heard. If the opening track \\"Stargazers\\" doesn't awe you the first time you hear it, I don't know what will. <br />What is amazing in this album is that there is a great variety of song styles. No two songs sound anything alike, yet it all blends together perfectly natural as an album. From the opening track which has a majestic, fast tempo to it, to the soft and serene \\"Swanheart\\" to the powerful and aggeresive \\"The Pharoah Sails to Orion\\" and ending with a haunting \\"Walking in the Air\\", there is not one bad song here.<br />If I have to find something to complain about it is that the male vocals on two songs (narratives) take some getting used too. Although I've grown used to them by now and do think they add to the diversity of the music and are a good contrast to Tarja's vocals( especially in the second half of \\"Devil & The Deep Dark Ocean\\" which is just incredible) I hated them the first few times through. It felt as though they interrupted the spell of Tarja's haunting vocals. I don't feel that way anymore.<br />Wishmaster (the follow up album to Oceanborn) has another song with male vocals in it which also has the same effect. While I do recommend Oceanborn over Wishmaster, you couldn't go wrong by buying either one.<br />There's nothing negative I can say about this album besides my initial problem with the above mentioned narratives. If you're like me and you're a long time metal fan who lives in North America and has been let down by all the ... bands on our continent and are just realizing that Europe is thriving with brilliant metal bands, buy this album NOW !!! It's unlike anything you've heard before and it will enthrall you.
B00002E285|5.0|Whoever reviewed this movie and had something negative to say about it must not understand the true meaning! Being a Pink Floyd fan, I saw this movie, bought it on the spot not even knowing what it was about, and watched as soon as I got home. When it finished, I was in awe. Never had I pictured Roger Waters' life being soo immense. This movie helped me understand why Pink Floyd writes the way they do. This record blew me away along with the movie. It's one long story on Waters' life. The music from the Wall fitted perfectly with the movie word for word. I guess only the true cult fans of Pink Floyd would understand it, but if you don't even know much about them, this movie is worth seeing just for the mind [game]
B00008H2LE|5.0|My friend bought this cd for me at 10 this morning and i've been listening to it ever since. After an awesome debut cd and a cool remix cd, i was afraid that the expectations for this cd would be high and i would be let down. after i heard somewhere i belong, my fears were mostly gone, but now i'm just in wow after listening to this cd. it's really good and i would recomend anyone who likes linkin park to buy it. also if you've not been a fan you should definatly download it and see if you like it and if you do go out and buy it. I can't wait to watch the dvd!!!!!!!!!!
B00008H2LB|3.0|I'm not a big fan of mainstream music. Im far more into hardcore/metalcore type stuff, BUT, i had to give LP credit when Hybrid Theory came out. The use of sampling and melodic engineering was a definate ear-catcher. Being that it sounded like a lot of time was put into Reanimation, i had higher expectations for what would be done with Meteora... Don't get me wrong. They still have the catchy verses and didn't change their style, but this CD seems to be much more simplified. Also, they seem to have drifted from their hip-hop side they use to kinda have (if you'd even call it that). Im disappointed to not hear so much of the keyboards and sampling that carried much of the tune. It just seems far more bland than their previous attempts... I'd say theres maybe two more singles left on the CD (aside from Somewhere I Belong), if even that... 3 out of 5 stars is almost being too generous. Pretty much, all the songs go along the same lines. Chester singing (or attempting to scream) the chorus, and all other vox done by Mike. You would think they would try something different from time to time and mix it up a little... I myself have spent years around music, being in a touring band, and spending days in the studio, and it's not too difficult to pop in some ProTools on the computer and make some new material that hasn't been done yet. Bottom line, i think more time should have been spent on this recording.
0395177111|5.0|The Hobbit takes place in a fantasyland called Middle-Earth.  The story is about a hobbit that goes on an adventure with a group of dwarves to steal their treasure back from a dragon who stole it from the dwarves a long time before this.  The main character is Bilbo, a hobbit that lives in the Shire.  Other main characters are Thorin, leader of the dwarves and heir to the gold that a dragon named Smug stole from his family, and Gandalf, a wizard that added Bilbo to the group and helped them as much as he could on their adventure.  The story is about Bilbo, who gets stuck with an adventure being a thief.  Which is funny because he has no clue how to be a thief or even to steal from someone.  He and a group of 13 dwarves lead by Thorin go on an adventure and steal the dwarve's gold from a dragon.  The whole trip across the mountains led them to many little adventures, with trolls and goblins and other creatures of Middle-Earth.  My favorite character is Gandalf because he is very smart and knows everything about everything (well pretty much, anyway).<BR> At one time I was much like Bilbo.  Not really afraid to have any adventures, just saw no reason for them.  Then I got to High School and that all changed.  Much like how Bilbo did, with a friend showing him the way.  Gandalf started him on his adventure and a friend named Bobby started me on mine.  Bobby taught me that taking a risk every once in a while wouldn't do much harm and that changed my whole life around.  Much like how Bilbo met Gandalf, I met my friend.  Bobby was a friend of one of my family members.  Just like Gandalf was Took's friend, who is one of Biblo's family members.  Right when I met him he began changing me.  He showed me many adventures and changed my life much like Gandalf did for Bilbo.<BR> When I first opened the book I thought it might be a little strange, but the book was amazing.  It is now my favorite book.  It is very hard to pick a favorite part in this book because there is so many, but if I had to pick, the part where Bilbo starts killing all the spiders and names his sword Sting.  Tolkien writes so well I could see this part taking place in my head.  And if I had to change one thing I would change the lack of information.  I want to know more about Beorn and the Necromancer.<BR> I think if someone likes to read; they will like this book.  It is so much more then a fantasy, more like a life lesson. But you have to be willing to let your imagination go.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
B00007H1Y2|2.0|I too am a fan of the Buena Vista Social Club phenomenon, and I too looked forward to hearing what Ry Cooder had found, again. Like a few other reviewers, I found the playing somewhat uninspired. For those familiar with the classic &quot;Patricia&quot;, was this version anything but ordinary? Did you not anticipate one new riff, one new angle to this tune? Track 7, &quot;Bodas de oro&quot; is the best of the cuts. Now for the surprise: At the beginning of track 11, &quot;Boleros sonambulo&quot;, I hear this incredible piano, so I go to the liner notes, and there is NO piano listed! Ry Cooder is given credit for electric piano on 2 tracks, but NO piano for Track 11. Listen carefully, it is, undoubtedly, yes, it is REUBEN GONZALEZ! Yes, it's him, and unmistakeable! What a find! Please, give us more before he's gone...
0425107469|5.0|Rarely have I picked up a book where I was unable to put it down until finished.  This was such a book.  The story was engaging and well written.  It was thrilling, scary and thoroughly enjoyable.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Hybrid Theory was one catchy album. The songs were addicting and just fun to listen to. Meteora is even better; the tracks here are way more entertaining, heavier, and they have better production. However, the problem once again is that the album is too mainstream and formulatic. Because of this, it ends at a short 36 minutes. Every single song follows the same verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge, chorus, end, formula. The musicians in Linkin Park are obviously not pros, but in any case, they are good at what they do, and that is making catchy and addicting songs. If your a fan of Linkin Park, your going to wet your pants after listening to Meteora; it easily blows Hybrid Theory out of the water, and it also proves that while Linkin Park are mainstream, they are indeed good at what they do, and they certainly do seem to care about their music, as none of the tracks here are filler. Thumbs up. <br />Best Tracks: \\"Faint\\", \\"From the Inside\\", \\"Breaking the Habit\\", and \\"Numb\\".
0060987464|5.0|At a time when I was most bored by my schooling and my family life, including my many apparent social short-comings, I found this to be an excellent opportunity to become aquainted with an individual hated by hypocrites I come in contact with daily. This became an addicting interest in an artist amongst fools who look to an uninhabited cross, emptied by an other man persecuted for his &quot;radical&quot; impact on a society also inhabited by &quot;equals&quot; of inferior wisdom. I would recommend this for reading to anyone confused by Marilyn Manson, his drama and theatrical presentations feared by mothers everywhere a show is played. This book made me realize what to look for in people, not they're false smiles, mint-green suits, happy demeanour and the like. I now see people for who they are, flawed creatures that share problems I once believed I was exclusive to. I wish to express my deepest thanks to: Mr. Manson, Brian Warner, Anton Szandor LA Vey, and Neil Strauss.
0812550706|5.0|This book is a must read for all science fiction fans. The story is interesting and compelling, and the characters are very well written.<br />The book is very well written and the plot is straightfoward so it doesn't ever get bogged down, yet there is enough depth to the characters and the story to be an extremely interesting read.<br />The evolution of Ender from a picked-on outcast to a proven leader is very compelling.<br />Even if you don't like science fiction, this is an excellent book. This is one of the few books that I've ever re-read (after reading Ender's Shadow), and it was just as good the second time.
B00008H2LE|5.0|This Album rocks !!! Linkin Park has done it again with Meteora. The songs blend perfectly from one to the next. No need to skip tracks Just pop it in, sit back, and prepare to be awed !!! Thumbs Up 100%
B000002L42|5.0|I'm not all that familiar with Steely Dan's early work, but Alive an America is surely the best I've heard from them. Dennis Chambers on drums simply makes the whole thing a little bit heavier and much more interesting. In for instance Two against Nature the drums are just so monotonous and non-creative. <br />The saxophones, horns, guitars and backing vocals adds freshness as well. The sax-guitar triplets duel in Bodhisattva is impressive, and if that tune doesn't do it for you I don't know what would. Other songs that I remember thinking of this CD is Green Earrings, Reelin' in the years, Josie, Peg, Third World Man, Kid Charlemagne...well, you get the picture :)<br />Don't hesitate to buy this CD if you want something else, may I say, something more, than the old Fagen-Becker sound.
B00007AJGH|4.0|how is that vista series can put together so many extra features, and not put on the trailer? It would be interesting to see how the studio advertised this movie when it came out back in '88. Other than that, no complaints.
B000001DTM|5.0|This is quite possibly the best rock and roll album of all time. This album is a must have for true rock fans. It contains the great rockers &quot;Zoo Station&quot;, &quot;The Fly&quot;, &quot;Even Better Than The Real Thing&quot; and &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;. It also has great ballads, such as the immortal &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Love Is Blindness&quot;, &quot;Whose Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses&quot; and &quot;Trying to throw your arms around the world&quot;. This album led to one of the greatest rock tours of all time, the Zoo Tv tour (which I highly recommend you buy in addition to this album). This is a classic album which remains timeless and inspiration even after a decade has passed since it was released.
B00008H2LB|5.0|this cd is as tight as the first cd, i would recommend it to anyone that likes linkin park.  Its basically the the same as the first cd- same type of music that Linkin park makes.  ALL the songs are new the only thing is the cd is only like 34 mins long, but its better then nothing!!
B00008H2LE|5.0|This album is truely amazing, i have it and advise everyone who is into this sort of music to buy the album. Its the best album i have heard for a long time. This wipes the floor with other albums they've produced! Buy quick while stocks last! you will not regret it!!!!
B00005JLSC|5.0|I am a huge movie freak, and i have seen just about ever movie ever made, Chicago is one of the best directed films ever, if not the best.  I totally urge you to see this movie. IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is my first review, and honestly this is the first album I've purchased in the past year or two.  I bought the CD+DVD version, which comes in a nice boxed set.  Instantly I noticed the great artwork that created somewhat of a mysterious and dark tone.  When I first loaded the cd...it began with a slow beating, making me wonder what would come next.  Soon the guitar began droning and drums beating, along with the great vocals by Chester and scratching by Joseph.  The cd lives up to what they said it would be...darker and heavier than hybrid theory.  This album also had more of a &quot;rap&quot; sound, especially near the end.  Although I like Hybrid Theory better, this is still a great LP.<br />Being an avid Linkin Park fan, I wish the cd was longer, but after watching the included dvd, you can see the work and effort that was put into this.<br />One of few cds I can play through without skipping.
B00008AY3L|4.0|This album is strong, as you would expect from Ben Harper.  However, some of the lyrics feel forced, particularly on When She Believes.   Picture of Jesus, gets tiresome as well.  That being said, the album is as good as any new album you will find.  Harper's music is solid as always.  Few can compete with his musical talent.  The overall diversity and musical styling seperate this album from his past albums.   From soul, to folk, to rock, to funk, Harper shows his skills here.
B000089RVX|5.0|This album is awesome.  I don't generally do reviews, but in this case I make an exception.  I have played this around quite a few friends the results have all been positive, ranging from &quot;Paula Cole with an edge&quot;  To &quot;Garbage, only better&quot;  Buy this album.
B000002C1V|5.0|You shouldn't worry about if this is the last of the real Pink Floyd's albums or the first by Roger Waters. In fact the contribution of Waters to Pink Floyd always was more important than that of the rest of the members... unless you think the lyrics are not important.<BR>The Final Cut is a fantastic album, but you need to have time to enjoy it: you should dedicate to it entirely; you just cannot put it on the player and do something until some poppy jingle will come out.<BR>Of course, you won't like it if the Pink Floyd albums you like are the post-Waters ones. But those are not Pink Floyd albums...
6301562178|3.0|The Towering Inferno is definitely one of the best of the disaster movies and I reccomend it to anyone who likes to watch these types of movies. The dialogue and some of the acting are a little cheesy but some of the acting is very good especially the acting from Paul Newman and Steve McQueen and most important of all are the special effects which are very impressive. I had this on tape, taped it off of AMC but it was taped over so I might buy the movie on DVD someday.
6305807086|2.0|Original? Yes! Entertaining? No! What turns out to be a great idea becomes a terrible movie. BEING JOHN MALKOVICH has a great premise,but the execution suffers from a dreary romance and some downbeat characters. The idea of going into that tunnel and ending up in the mind of a second rate actor, then being forced onto the New Jersey turnpike is funny the first time, but it doesn't go anywhere. The love triangles are not worth looking out for and the characters (especially Maxine/Catherine Keener - -who played the same kind of \\"@#$%\\" on an episode of SEINFELD) are not sympathetic. Also, Cameron Diaz looks awful. As usual,John Cusack plays the same character he always plays in most of his movies except in this film, he looks like a bum. The ESPN commercials using the idea were funnier. A movie to watch just one time and that's it!
B00005QW5X|5.0|Tied of Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals that have no musical originality?  (Nothing against ALW - he has his place.)  This is what musicals should be!!  Fun to watch on screen (or stage) but also good music that you want to listen to anyway.  John Cameron Mitchell is fantastic and irreverent.  If you liked Rocky Horror, you'll love this even more.
B00008H2LB|3.0|You know I had high expectations for Meteora.  I absolutely loved Hybrid Theory.  I was very excited about Meteora.  However after listening to the whole album.  The songs are just plain horrible.  This is another example of a band with a new album and only a few tracks are worthy of listening to. Everything else sounds the same which is a shame.  Maybe next time Linkin Crap
0783228317|5.0|Amazing stuff, this was. My friend and I watched it while downing shots of Bicardi and cookies, and it was a totally hilarious flick, the way Raoul talked, and the unpredictable crazy antics of his lawyer. I constantly find myself telling people not to ...with me, I am Ahab, and warning friends not to stop here, this is bat country. The only flaw that I see in this movie is that it lasts a bit too long, so you're at the stage of getting bored and turning it off. That aside, it was a great flick.
B00008H2LE|5.0|simply impressive, tremendous. we can say that linkin park have made a great album. about the songs we can say that the best are ....i can`t decide beacuse all the songs are really great!!.<BR>linkin park is probing that is one of the best new rock bands in the united states.really impressive the use of different sounds and the vocals are tremendous!!
B00005AAFS|5.0|The best Rammstein album of them all, I think. It lacks some of the grating punch of some others, but this is the only one that I can listen to all the way through and not skip any on. It has eerie intros, which sound most un-Rammsteinish, and then the guitars kick in, and you realize that this is indeed who you're listening to, and begin to headbang.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I doubt that this World War II series will ever be equalled. Many factors had to be brought together to make an epic such as this. Words fail me in an attempt to praise this series sufficiently. After seeing several episodes on HBO I knew I had to have my own copy of the series in its entirety so I could dissect and review it slowly, part by part, at my leisure.<br />I bought the DVD package, then bought a DVD player so I could watch it. It has been worth every dollar invested.<br />The story line and dramatization depicts E company of the 101st \\"Screaming Eagle\\" Airborne Division from the time it was formed and trained in Virginia, and all the way through the battles it fought, from D-Day to the end of the European war and the capture of Hitler's Eagle's Nest at Berchesgarten.<br />The episodes are pure reality and the events really happened. Most of the dialog consists of the same words as they was actully spoken by the real troopers who somehow lived through it.  This series tends to leave the vewer stunned and pensive for a few minutes after the screen goes blank at the end of each episode. This is largely because the surviving troopers, who are now very old men, supplied first hand accounts of the events depicted, the descriptions of what it was actually like. and much of the dialog, word for word still engraved in their memories after so many years. Each of them was given a copy of the script to review, comment on, and correct. The actors were selected, in part, by their resemblence to the young paratroopers, as they were over fifty years ago.<br />This series should be required viewing in every American high school curriculum. Aside from breathtaking entertainment, it allows the younger generations to see how horrible war can get, and the debt all Americans owe to the young men who fought and died to preserve our freedoms. The only film that even remotely came close was the much shorter WW-1 true story, \\"Lost Battallion.\\"<br />The viewer gets to know the men's names, their personality characteristics, their strengths, and their weaknesses.  The characters eventually become almost like family to the viewer.  When a leg is blown off or a seemingly fatal shot is taken to the head, the viewer is genuinely upset, and later relieved when word comes that the trooper somehow survived in the hospital. This is war reality at its best, without actually being in it.<br />The cinematography and musical score are sensitive and virtually perfect.  The series was filmed in muted color, neither black and white, nor full color, but a perfect blend of both, setting a perfect mood for the time and events. Hanks and Spielberg really outdid themselves on this series. It sets a high water mark for the cinematographer's art in skill, sensitivity, and accuracy.<br />I would add more praise but must stay within the 1,000 word review limit. Nothing I can say can do it adequate justice, anyway.<br />Get this series; you won't be sorry.  But be prepared for a dose of war reality.
B00004TJLD|1.0|save your money. this is Not a DVD-audio or DVD-video it is a DAD what ever that is. my first generation cd sounds better.this is a poor excuse for a multi-channel disc.
B000063DI8|5.0|I've noticed a lot of people badmouthing this album, but I think it is GREAT! What is everybody's problem? The only thing a little different about this album from other Maiden albums is that it is more raw and direct. The songs are shorter (most are between 4 and 5 minutes long), and there is very little presence of synths or layered tracks. The other thing that people complain about is the replacement of guitarist Adrian Smith by Janick Gers.<br />However, despite what you may hear, this is a great set of 10 songs! If I had to, I would pay the price of the whole album just for \\"Tailgunner.\\" It is my favorite song on the album, and from its opening riffs, it is entrancing. The two singles are \\"Holy Smoke\\" and \\"Bring Your Daughter to the Slaughter.\\" They are also very good; they have a tongue-in-cheek humor that is rarely present in Iron Maiden's music. These, and the others of this great album, rock in a straightforward fashion.<br />That is not to say that there are no classic-sounding masterpieces! The title song is brilliant, and the main riff is one of Maiden's best ever. \\"Run Silent Run Deep\\" and \\"Mother Russia\\" are two more of my favorites.<br />So what's this about Janick Gers being so terrible! I think he is great, and honestly, he's not as good as Adrian Smith, but that doesn't mean he's a bad guitarist. The only real fault that I can find in this record is in \\"The Assassin.\\" This is a great song, until the chorus comes along. I will admit, the chorus is rather flat. But the rest of the song is brilliant!<br />It saddens me that so many Maiden fans will dis this album so terribly. It is great. Take it from a REAL Iron Maiden fan.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I just bought the new Linkin Park cd last night, and musically it is incredible.  The samples are beat, the beats are harder and more complex, the lyrics still contain their usual biting qualities, but there is one thing lacking:  This cd is in total only 36 minutes long.  For a band that took 2 years to make this cd, that is a short time.  I realize with touring and pressures from the record company, and Reanimation, etc., that the time to write this cd was limited, but had this cd been a couple tracks longer, or maybe even some of the songs 30-40 seconds longer, this cd would be on the same level as Hybrid Theory.  Despite all that, still an incredible cd.
B00008H2LE|3.0|When the first Linkin Park CD came out (Hybrid Theory), back when I still thought they were just &quot;Lincoln Park,&quot; I was impressed and thoroughly enjoyed an awesome CD.  I continued to enjoy Hybrid Theory for a while.  It was only until they got insanely popular that I got a little annoyed with the 6, but no, they were still cool.  Even with &quot;Reanimated&quot; I had to admit that Linkin Park is a band that could go places, trying new things with their music with the ability to appeal to a wide-range of music-audiences.  It's about that time that &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; came out.  The first single off the new album from Linkin Park was right up their alley, and was a nice calm song.  The lyrics were pretty much in the same style as their previous stuff, so with that I decided that I would be a little skeptical with &quot;Meteora&quot; because I wanted to know whether their new CD would try new things, or just stick with what they know to sell records.  <br />-The first track on &quot;Meteora&quot; is &quot;Don't Stay.&quot;  It's a fairly normal &quot;Nu-metal&quot; type song, with a lot of places to compare to another &quot;nu-metal&quot; band &quot;Adema.&quot;  The best reaction I've gotten out of it so far is &quot;eh, it's alright&quot; with a little bouncing to the beat, but we'll see how I like it as time marches on.<br />-Song 2 is &quot;Somewhere I belong.&quot;  Like I said, very angsty, so normal Linkin Park.  Again, nice, but not horribly impressed.<br />-The third song, &quot;Lying From You&quot; has some nice sounds, good vocals, and is one of the songs I'm enjoying more on this album.<br />-&quot;Hit the Floor&quot; is kind of a boring song, with some 311 type sounds, that don't really work.  Not much to this song, same notes basically throughout the entire song.  Nothing that I haven't heard before in terms of hard-metal songs.<br />-&quot;Easier to Run&quot; is a nice little ballad that isn't quite like anything they've tried before, and I think it works.  Good music, and the synthesized orchestral sounds add to create a nice little atmosphere.<br />-&quot;Faint&quot; starts out with a little &quot;Chemical Brothers&quot; style beat, before entering into the main song which is pretty fun, good beat and pace, again some similarities between them and Adema.  The &quot;hear me!&quot; screaming about 3/4s of the way into the song are kind of annoying, but after you get past that, this song is cool.  It also has a nice &quot;Filter&quot; feeling, that goes well.<br />-From what I understand, a lot of people are really like &quot;Figure.09&quot; even calling it the best Linkin Park song ever, but I think it takes too much from &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and finishes with &quot;Paper Cut&quot; to be good, but that could be why people like it so much.<br />-&quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; has a nice synthesized-guitar sound, and this is another nice little ballad.  Again, more good orchestral sounds, and Mr Hahn provides a very cool beat.<br />-&quot;From the Inside&quot; is another easy song that that after a few listens really grew on me, again a little &quot;One Step Closer&quot; edge near the end, but it looks like that's just the Linkin Park style.  <br />-&quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; makes me want to join those people, because yeah they are nice rappers, and they try with the japanese flute-y type sound, but that gets annoying and they get a little too pompous with this song.  I'm definately gonna skip past this song when I can after I buy the CD.<br />-&quot;Session&quot; gives a very mysterious vibe and is another awesome instrumental from Mr Hahn.  <br />-&quot;Numb,&quot; the final track of &quot;Meteora&quot; has a &quot;Crawling/In the End&quot; feel, that &quot;ain't too shabby&quot; but is unimpressive when all is said and done.<br />The verdict?  Linkin Park could definately go places, they have good ideas, and bring a good sound to the rap-rock genre.  Unfortunately, &quot;Meteora&quot; isn't a step in any real direction for them, showing potential, but is really a lack-luster performance in my opinion.  Will people like this CD?  Sure, but it's not going to reach as many audiences as before.  Will this CD do well?  Yeah, Linkin Park has a massive following, and in general for good reason.  I mean, I'm not a professional music reviewer, and I can really only tell you how I felt about each song, and overall, all I can really say is, &quot;eh, it coulda been worse.&quot;  Sure, I'll head-bang to it, but Linkin Park hasn't really brought anything new to the table.<br />... maybe the remix album will be ok...
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is another great album by Linkin Park. Now usually artist sell millions like Linkin Park on their first album and make a ... secnd album knowing people will buy it because the public thinks it will be as nice as the first but Meteora is even better then Hybrid Theory. Now I heard they had 30 tracks and narrowed it down to these 13 tracks which is kind of disappointing, I wish they made it a double disc and put all the 30 tracks on it but these 13 tracks are perfect and I haven't found one bad song. This is a definitly buy, and if you don't get this album then you don't like music period.Anyways I can't wait for the next Linkin Park album and i sure hope we won't have to wait 3 years for a new one but this should hold me for awhile!?!
B00005TT77|4.0|The albums starts off beautiful, then gradually fades from there (with one notable exception.)  Did the producers do this on purpose, knowing that we hear the first few songs ten times as often as we do the ones at the end of a long disc like this one?  Except for  &quot;don't let me down&quot; and &quot;we can work it out&quot;,  you can take everything after number eight and leave it on the studio floor.  <br />But there are some true gems in those first eight.   Aimee Mann always sounds a bit wry to me, and that adds an intriguing twist to the ohsohappy lyrics of two of us.  Sarah McLachlan's voice is perfect for Blackbird, somehow.  <br />Is it possible to do a Beatles song better than the Beatles?  I once heard Huey Lewis sing Oh! Darling, and you know that's what Paul wanted to sound like.   The Wallflowers might pull it off with &quot;I'm looking through you.&quot;  They have a tightness and energy the original version lacked.  And the Stereophonics version of &quot;Don't Let Me Down?&quot;  Again, you know that's what John and Paul were shooting for.  But Paul has always been a crooner, not a belter.   Why all the early discs are painful in spots.   <br />A good disc, lots of worthy stuff here.  But not all good.
B00008H2LE|5.0|I loved Hybrid Theory.  That was a remarkable album.  So Meteora had a lot to live up to, and it does.  The first 4 songs are merely okay.  They sound like nothing that hasn't been done before. But then the album explodes into a sonic rollercoaster.  Songs like &quot;Easier to Run&quot; and &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; focus more on acutal singing, while others have a mean flow and great screaming vocals.  Overall, I'd say the album is a lot more musical than Hybrid Theory, but still delivers the punch that Hybrid had.  It far surpasses the debut album and I'm sure it'll be another hit!  In addition to the songs I mentioned above, check out &quot;Numb&quot;, &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;, and &quot;Hit the Floor&quot;!
B00007H1Y2|5.0|Now while, the CD has many \\"good\\" tracks... the CD excels with kller tracks, 11, 12, and a great rendition of 5, They're  a great sound on the dual guitars, that plays each note like it was the last, that the killer tracks have a sound, an aura, a atmosphere that taking your \\"run-of-the-mill\\" CD stero player Live via CD Technology to the ocean breezes, and the long island ice teas, and the dolar stores of the carrabiean-paradise-No.1 literacy rate in the W.Hemisphere- 50's style Packard driving- dance halls of Cuba, w/legendary tracks created by the island's musician-technicans.... that is all ... .that is all....ahh NO! That's just the beggining.
B000007UA4|1.0|The only song worth listening to is &quot;Finer Feelings&quot;, hence the one star.  This album was a waste of money.  I'm so glad Kylie's music got 30 times better after this record.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park return with an album that surpasses Hybrid Theory in every way possible...you all heard somewhere i belong....but trust me.....that's just the start of an album that has serious guitar riffs, complex lyrics that weave in and out of your brain, and some mad beats...Lying from you is incredible, to the moody easier to run which has hard hitting lyrics...<br />Breaking the habit sounds like an 80's tinged tune, with Chester using his voice to good effect, and topping it off with Numb, an incredible tune, that leaves you wanting more from the band...<br />This album is a MUST buy...get it now...my only criticism is the albums too short running under 37 mins........just like Hybrid Theory....
B00008H2LB|3.0|Not as good as 'Hybrid Theory' but still deserves 3 stars. 'Lying From You' and 'Faint' are the songs that make the CD worth buying.
B00007KWHN|5.0|I bought this last week in Singapore, knowing that I had owned previous atlantic remasters (and cassette too). I knew I won't be dissapointed. The sonic enhancement of this Rhino remaster truly brings the song out. Yours Is No Disgrace sounds like a song recorded within the last 5 years. It was so fresh! Bruford play of drums is very noticeable. Howe's guitar in the background can be quickly recognized - compared to previous remasters version. Overall - recommended for all YES fans and completist!<br />My only complaint is that we need Rhino not to confuse the fans. For example, I've bought DVD-Audio Fragile with America as extra song. As I've got the DVD version, iniatially I didn't want to buy the CD-remaster version, but now Rhino package it with &quot;early rough mix&quot; of roundabout (whatever the hell that is). It's clever - because some true completist (even among the completist) will be forced to buy the CD version when they already own the Atlantic version, the DVD-Audio - and in my case, the cassette version (ok, quality suffers).
0684857219|5.0|YOU ONLY NEED TO KNOW ONE THING!!! THIS IS EVERYTHING YOUR LOOKING FOR. In 800 pages it leaves nothing out. It covers everything you need to know. I bought it and read it twice in the first week i had it. It's never on the shelf. (it really deserves the status of \\"Bible\\").<br />An awesomely informative book with plenty of good advice and many exercises stacked with pics and advice and the correct movements. It's not just for bodybuilders anyone going to the gym just to become more energetic, powerful and muscular needs to read this book. Bodybuilders today are only now realising through scientific studies what Schwarzenegger has know for years. <br />Someone here said the training schedule was insane well i went on it and i was a hardgainer, tall and very underweight. I've only ever used a weight gainer because of a lack of eating on my part through the student lifestyle. But through the level 1 training i was getting bigger, stronger and staying cut. <br />The training is incredibly cleaver. It's designed so you can workout more and give the muscles previously worked a two day rest period minimum, some muscles being given light work or rather more of a streatch the next day at the most. Plus it has power exercises included for total body strenth and mass with specific exercises chosen so that your also flattening the stomach and building hard awsome abs throughout the workout.<BR>BUY THIS BOOK AND CHANGE YOUR LIFE!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Awesome album!!!<br />No sophomore jinx for Linkin Park.  This CD will be the CD of the year.  Hands down it just kicks ....  You have to pick this up, it will blow you away.  It is a bit heavier than Hybrid, but that's not a bad thing.
B00005JKZT|5.0|This is one of the best films ever and I anticipate the release of this DVD and the third part of this trilogy.
B00008AY3L|3.0|Ben Harper's played many guises in his career. Griot. Lovelorn balladeer. Soul man. Sensitive rocker. Lonely California folkie. Political and Spiritual singer/songwriter. Lenny Kravitz without the tight pants. But unlike Kravitz, he doesn't look like a bad SNL sketch when playing such diverse musical personas, Harper always had grace and a sense of humility. His most consistent work, 1995's Fight For Your Mind, is the best showcase for Ben's immense pluses. Tight, dense jam band-styled instrumentation; a strong, varied hold for different styles- \\"Another Lonely Day\\"'s sparse sunny optimistism to \\"God Fearing Man\\"'s epic, laid back bluesy introspection- and an overall mellow, thoughtful and peaceful whole that held the album together. Ben's proceeding followups- 1997's Will To Live and 1999's radio-aiming Burn To Shine- were great but consistency wasn't on the order. After a stunning live album, Mr. Harper's back in effect with \\"Diamonds on the Inside\\", album number five in nine years. Consistency still is elusive yet....Diamonds on the Inside still holds up but not without, it's problems.<br />Opening with the Bob Marley-impersonating funk-informed reggae groove of \\"With My Own Two Hands\\". The song is so Summery and playful yet still in check, that it makes for say, one of Ben's best performances since \\"Women In You\\". In fact, you wish that the entire album held the same progressive, warm, and loose weight that \\"Two Hands\\" does. Instead we go into decent but meandering water. Up next is \\"When It's Good\\", a simple Weissborn shuffle similar to Will To Live's Homeless Child. But do the lyrics have to be so trite??? (\\"When it's good/ It's oh so good/ And when it's gone, it's gone!\\"). What happened to the man from Fight From Your Mind whose lyrics had such poetic flare? That's one of the set's problems. Sometimey lyrics. In fact, that's the albums' major problem. This is lyrically one of Ben's weightless efforts. (Did Lenny ghostwrite some of these couplets, you wonder).The anthemical title track has a subtle emotional center that's effective but trite lyrics leave it sounding like something Chris Robinson and the Black Crowes would do on a good day. Lyrics aside, DOTI has some really great moments, some that stike a new direction for Ben yet still sound familiar. The tender ballad \\"Touch From Your Lust\\"( but.....the title....what the hell??...how hackneyed...lemme stop ranting about the lyrics and do the darn review for these people) ranks up there with Burn To Shine's  fluid \\"Two Hands of A Poetry\\" and WTL's \\"Ashes\\" as a lush sentiment that's sincere. \\"Amen Omen\\" is pretty much the same with a sensitivity that seems true not just in a ploy to get some panties collected. Classic Ben. Even when he tries to imply a new tribal sensibility to \\"Picture of Jesus\\" with the legendary South African vocal act Ladysmith Black Mambazo, it sounds real. An accapella with that tried and true spirituality, Ben actually displays his trademark dignity. Yet another guise that doesn't get laughed at. <br />Another new guise is Getting Funky as witnessed with \\"Bring in the Funk\\". Yeah, \\"Ground on Down\\" and \\"Mama's Trippin\\" had a strong choke on rootsy `70s California funk but try some P-Funk inspired funk. It's a so-so tenture. A** shaking yet too tepid to truly get down. Hearing Ben chant, \\"Stay Black! Stay White!\\" sounds just too questionable to be truly embraced. Ben's too laid back to be `give up the funk' yet this experiment isn't comical. Although \\"Bring The Funk\\" is a questionable moment, the torrid \\"Temporary Remedy\\" and \\"So High So Low\\" sound bad. Not too bad, but bad. (Did Virgin put two Lenny tracks on this copy-protected disc???). Uninspired radio-aiming affairs that Ben's way above. \\"Everything\\" has a head bopping, cheerful simplicity but still  sounds decidedly Bon Jovi-like. <br />Diamonds on the Inside winds up to be a sturdy yet not brick-strong testament to Ben's talents. If it wasn't his laid back charm and his admirable strength,it would be a flat out disappointment. Not for BH beginners. And the weakest of his albums so far(please, Ben, I beg you, don't go downward on us!) but not a washout. <br />Well at least, he doesn't try to rap. <br />(This disc is copy protected thanks to EMI's new anti-copying CD protected. Although I've had the album since late January, I think that copy protection is unnecessary but nothing for fans to put a shallow tag such as \\"sell out\\" to the man's name. My friend told me to add that so there it is!)
0312962118|5.0|I picked this book up at an airport when i was a sophomore in high school. I must've read this book three times. loved it. Heard a company in LA bought the rights and is now making a movie. can't wait. however books are always better then movies. hope the movie does the book justice. awesome read. i'm reading sands of sakkara now. and i want to buy resurrection day.
B00006F7S4|3.0|Okay, now that I'm bored today and writing some reviews on here out of it, I have to say sorry for blasting this album the way I did. I couldn't stand Beck for the longest but six years later, I can get into Odelay and Sea Change isn't his most consistent but still a strong album which is erased of the classic David Bryne-esque take on Black music and cynicalism and is an attempt to make a timeless heartbreak album like some of his heroes, Neil Young and Gram Parsons. Beck sounds good sad. And who would have thought? The same goofball that made the brilliant \\"Loser\\"? Beck still is overrated and music publications calling this all kinds of classics and best albums of the year are exragations(sp.)but Beck has skills. <br />Now everyone, clap for me, for being a big man and apologizing. Sorry Beck.
B00005AAFS|5.0|~I've been a fan of Rammstein since their very first cd, Herzeleid. I've waited 2 yrs for Sehnsucht and another 2 for Mutter. And I find the wait well worth it. Rammstein spend 2 yrs on every cd and those 2 yrs have been well spent. Sehnsucht topped Herzeleid, while Mutter topped Sehnsucht. Their amazing guitar riffs and keyboards are held together by the energetic beats of the drums and followed by the sensational lyrics of lead vocalist, Till Lindemann. Mutter is a cd that is hard industrial~~ rock, and yet, at the same time, melodic to the ears. This has been their best cd yet and even so, I would still recommend the following:<br />Herzeleid<BR>Sehnsucht<BR>Live Aus Berlin~
B000001GK9|3.0|I've read so much praise about this CD over the years that I finally bought it. The playing is nowhere near immaculate (not that I'm surprised) and the overall fluency and tempos are boring. Where the performance is saved is the 4th movement- the intensity is incredible. Perhaps it's worth it to have 3 bad movements in exchange for 1 of the greatest ever.<br />Fortunately, I obtained the recent BPO recording with Abbado. There is no question that Berlin is FAR superior now than it ever was. They are able to toss off the most incredible passages with computer-like precision, but also a richness that Karajan (at least not on record) never achieved. As a string player, I'm aware of the high-wire acts the Berlin strings put on, and they put every other orchestra to shame. The winds are full of character, while the brass and percussion are equal to the Chicago Symphony in its prime.<br />Last but not least, Abbado proves the himself as the greatest Mahler conductor of his generation. Karajan, as much as I admire him, did not bring the same commitment to Mahler as he did to many other composers (especially opera).
B00005NGAL|4.0|This DVD has been a good world traveling companion.  It's nice to fire up a couple of numbers while waiting between flights or during a flight when a full movie would just be too long.  The entire cast did a fine job and met the challenge of making the transfer from stage, where you perform the whole show in sequence, to video, where they did small segments over and over.  It's too bad that the people responsible for staging weren't more aggressive at continuity checking.  Some of the editorial cuts that show continuity errors were probably just for shortening the piece, but some are just bad continuity from one filming of the scene to another.  \\"Mistoffelees\\" suffers particularly badly, to the point that the continuity glitches are downright distracting.  There are also quite a few places where the sound doesn't synch well with the players.  Still, the music,  choreography, makeup, and the acting are very good, and, it least for me, I've really enjoyed watching the background action more after several viewings, and the players who weren't the focus of the scene are doing fine business that supports the scene without upstaging the main action.  As far as the DVD layout goes, I really feel that the chapter break for \\"Mistoffelees\\" is badly mis-set, capturing too much of the Macavity fight.  I would also have set the \\"Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer\\" break slightly earlier to catch the first laugh and \\"shh.\\"  Regarding \\"Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer,\\" it is really too bad that the big hack taken out of the middle wasn't put back in for this \\"ultimate\\" edition.  Jo Gibb and Drew Varley did such a nice job with what you get to see, that I really would like to see the whole number (even if Webber didn't want to alter the cutting of the feature, it could have been included on disc 2 as a deleted scene)..  You see a bit of the missing section in the excellent \\"Making of Cats\\" documentary on disc 2.  The individual interviews on disc 2 are also fascinating and entertaining.  The makeup sequence is also nice (it helps that the music sequence used is one of my favorites).  .I would have liked to have seen more normal face/stage makeup pictures for the cast, although there are several between the documentary and the makeup sequence.  As someone who never got to see \\"Cats\\" on stage, I really appreciate this DVD.
1881273156|5.0|In his book &quot;The Five Languages of Love&quot; Dr. Chapman makes the reader view their relationship in ways they never thought of before. In fact he even gives examples where partners knew what was wrong but not how to fix it and by realizing what their language was they were able to work their relationships and marriages out. It was a wonderful read full of heartfelt expressions from a counselor to his patients, that came through as more of a friend to friend one-on-one style, or the shoulder you wish you could cry on kind of read. It was full of fresh information that will make you reconsider how you've viewed your relationship no matter how long you've been together. I was very pleased to find it was not another dry, textbook example of statistical facts and hypothesis put out for you to draw your own conclusions about. In fact he shows time and again real cases where this method works even in the worst situations! It is a terrific read that I finished in a few hours and will be sure to pass along to my friends. I can't wait to get started implementing what I've learned.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Have you read Bret Fetzer's AMAZON review yet? Start there...it's dead on. I'm just here to simply gush on and on about this series. I have never been so moved by a movie of any kind. <BR>Because of the mini-series format, the viewer is given the time needed to venture into the minds of the young men of 'Easy Company', an airborne infantry unit that took the brunt of almost every major European battle in WWII.<BR>The elaborate character development here is second to none, and you truly get the chance to meet most of the key players in Easy Company. This is what pulls you in. The narrative first person view-point is magnetic. <BR>The troops of Easy immediately become your friends, and you worry about them. And for good reason. <BR>Band of Brothers takes you to a hellish boot-camp experience where you feel their hatred for Easy Company's overly-brutal Captain Sobel. You get to parachute into the hell of D-Day in Normandy in the middle of the night. You push through France, and reach Bastogne. Bastogne is the most brutal, realistic, and unnerving WWII film-sequence(s) ever shot. You freeze in the foxholes for days with summer gear in the middle of winter and you cover up in your foxholes while you endure countless shellings from the German army. You lose many 'friends' in Bastogne. You were there. <BR>I won't ruin the rest...I have to stop myself now as I could go on forever. Band of Brothers went on to receive many awards, but I still think that the amount of publicity it received pales in comparison to what it truly deserved. I read the book 'Band Of Brothers' by Stephen Ambrose (the mini-series is based on the book), and I think this ended up enhancing my 'relationship' with the characters. I'll finish with some very bold statements. This is clearly the best mini-series ever produced, and is also the best war movie/mini-series ever created. It's all in the 'relationships'.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park hasn't disappointed me yet.  Once I heard &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; on the radio I was blown away.  LP gets better and better every time.  If you liked there first CD &lt;Hybrid Theory&gt; you'll definately like this one.  If you don't have this CD yet I'd suggest you get it soon before they are all gone.  So go pick it up at your local best buy/circuit city.
B00005JM1D|4.0|\\"Old School\\" brings back the fun and irreverence of the days of \\"Animal House\\" that so few movies seem willing to revisit.  Comedy these days seems built around 'paint-by-numbers' formulas or 'let's see how much we can gross people out' shock characteristics.  Current releases like \\"Boat Trip\\" and \\"Bringing Down the House\\" fall in the former category while any movie involving Tom Green or the Farrelly Brothers falls into the latter category.  In \\"Old School\\", it's refreshing to see a movie that takes a 'devil may care' attitude with its plot and characters while also have the common sense to push the envelope where appropriate without ever crossing the line (following \\"Animal House's\\" lead).<BR><BR>   In \\"Old School\\", Mitch (played by Luke Wilson) is depressed after a breakup with his longtime girlfriend.  He moves into a new house near the local college campus and his two best friends, Beanie (Vince Vaughn) and Frank 'the Tank' (Will Ferrell) decide to cheer him up by using his new house to throw a wild 'freedom' party.  In a party complete with nubile co-eds, binge drinking, and a performance by Snoop Dogg, the party becomes legendary and draws the ire of the college dean, who just happens to be some nerd that Mitch, Beanie, and Frank tormented in high school.  He attempts to take the house from Mitch by claiming it can only be used for campus-related events.  This sparks Beanie's imagination to create the most unorthodox fraternity in existence to circumvent the dean's ruling.  From there, \\"Old School\\" engages in the type of 'us against the administration' hi-jinx that made \\"Animal House\\" such a riot.  <BR><BR>   Will Ferrell gives a performance worthy of John Belushi with his Bluto-esque take as Frank the Tank, whose relapse back into his college days fractures his brand new marriage.  Yet, it doesn't seem to affect Frank too too much.  Ferrell, as witnessed by his years on Saturday Night Live, is one of the more gifted physical comedians performing today.  He has the lunacy of a Jim Carrey without any of the pretentiousness or self-importance that seems to plague Carrey.  Vince Vaughn gives another winning performance as a typical, sleazy salesman type who remains just enough on the side of respectability that you still like the guy.  It's classic Vaughn.  Luke Wilson's performance isn't quite as memorable, but his lovable-loser demeanor fits the role of Mitch perfectly.  There are a number of other supporting characters that, while barely more than one-dimensional, make this film a winner (Blue, the 80-year fraternity pledge is a personal favorite).  <BR><BR>   With world events becoming more somber and depressing and with movies becoming increasingly disappointing, it's quite a relief a no-frills good time can be had at a theater.  \\"Old School\\" lets the audience feel that kind of relief.
B00005JJX8|5.0|There is nothing more comforting for a film viewer then to be in the hands of a master. unless it is to be in the hands of a master so confident of his abilties that he stops pushing, lets up on the throtle and just lets tumble out of him the instinctively great within him.<BR>In to catch a thief you have a hitchcock at the hieght of his carreer, in between cinematic triumphs, and endowed with stars, and settings to compliment his impecable style. In thier roles of support in hitchcock movies actors and settings can easily be thought of as the orchestra undergirding the soloist in a brilliant violin concerto. In the case of to catch a thief the soloist has decided to let up on the more histrionic flourishes of his technical skill (which are always welcome but not always needed) and really let his orchestra shine without sacrificeing one iota of his own virtuosity.<BR>You can definitely see hitchcock at work in this movie which one might guess would detract feom such relatively light subject matter but what actualy happens is that his ability with mood and suspense serves to bouy the subject matter far above the level of its tonal companion pieces.<BR>His use of camera, music, economy of dialogue, veiled eccentricity of character really take the engine of the exotic romantic comedy and lifts it far beyond where had ever been before or is likely ever to go again. <BR>Then of course there is, grace kelley...nuff said.
0671688782|1.0|..<BR>Holding your child is a wonderful, nurturing, and yes, even a healing act.  It's something that parents do naturally.  Dr. Welch's \\"holding therapy\\" however, is not some extraordinary cure, or even little more than a hyped up program based on disproved theories such as the work of the Tinbergens and Bruno Bettelheim.  Theories, which claim that autism is caused by the parents, by a lack of \\"bonding.\\"  These outrageous and extremely detrimental claims have since been disproved.<BR>While actually doing the \\"holdings\\" with your child I really do not believe to be detrimental, please also try some other more active approaches.  Learn about you child.  Try \\"The Me Book\\" by Dr. Lovaas, or \\"Handbook for Treatment of Attachment-Trauma Problems in Children\\" by Beverly James.  And continue to hold your child, but please at least search for some substantial proof of success before you decide to join the \\"God Bless Dr. Welch\\" cult.
B00000AFHM|5.0|This was the first Belle and Sebastian album I listened to, and it remains my personal favorite (though all are exceptional, especially Tigermilk).  There's nothing objectionable about any of the material, but understandably this Scottish-indie folk group won't appeal to everyone's tastes (a quick glance at prior reviews will show that).  Their soft, delicate vocals and cautious, sometimes guarded instrumentation can turn off the passive listener...even put you to sleep.  But the hooks are there, and they're powerful enough to grab hold and not let go.  All tracks have good pop sensibility, and the lyrics (at times) are quite sharp, witty, and refreshing even when they lean towards being inscrutable.<br />&quot;It Could Have Been a Brilliant Career&quot; isn't a particularly strong song to start off the album, but B&amp;S have a tendency for slow, modest beginnings in their previous works.  It's a bit pedestrian, but is catchy enough after several listens.<br />&quot;Sleep the Clock Around&quot; is one of the album's high points.  Again starting slow (and kind of reminiscent of Men Without Hats &quot;Pop Goes the World&quot;), it builds to a staggering crescendo....where synthesizers, horns, percussion and bagpipes take the song's thematic motif to dizzying heights that will lift you, if not force you, off your feet.<br />Isabelle Campbell sings \\"Is it Wicked Not to Care\\", and (contrary to popular belief) she CAN sing.  She (as well as Murdoch) is apparently Drake and Dylan-inspired, with a soft silken murmur that is very 'listenable' and lovable....but perhaps the very humbleness and quietness of B&amp;S vocals make it hard to determine if their voices are actually worth anything.  The song itself is sincere, with passages that remind me of Drake's &quot;Northern Sky&quot;, what with it's Will You Love Me 'Til I'm Dead? verse and all.<br />&quot;Ease Your Feet Into the Sea&quot; is tranquil and very atmospheric.  It opens as a gorgeous love song...'Ease your feet off in the sea, my darling, it's the place to be'...but curiously takes an about face and becomes a dreary, bitter recant of a forlorn relationship that hints at suicide.  It never feels uneven, however.<br />Other notables include &quot;Seymour Stein&quot;, a tale of unrequited love cleverly mingled with a tongue-in-cheek apology to a record exec who was stood up by one of the band members.  Strange, but somehow it works.  &quot;Dirty Dream Number Two&quot; and the title track are the high-water marks of the album in terms of harmony, musical arrangements, and lyrical imagination.   &quot;The Rollercoaster Ride&quot;, a near 7-minute send-off, is a brilliant conclusion to a mostly brilliant album...it magnificently builds to a climax of proportions seldom seen since the Beatles closed Sgt. Peppers with 'A Day In the Life.'<br />It's a blessing that, while B&amp;S seem to take extraordinary efforts to remain obscure and hidden, the treasures of their musical ideas nevertheless propagate throughout the world.  These guys are too good to remain unknown.
B00008H2LB|5.0|For about 3 years now we have been waiting for the release of a new (original) LP CD.  I just bought my copy of Meteora today (3/25/03) and I must say I was not awed by the songs, but they were still good.  There are a couple of songs that lack Linkin Park's past amazing quality but a few that are very good.  My personal favorite song on the CD would be &quot;Don't Stay&quot;.  This song combines their old talents incorporated with new skills.  Another stand-out song would be &quot;Easier To Run&quot; for it's calmness with a nice melodic rythem, ear candy indeed.<br />Good yes, however; there are a couple of songs that stand out for their plain feeling.  Some songs sound shallow and not very well vocalized as past songs.  Another problem I found that followed up their &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; CD, they still don't seem to get their songs past about 2:30-3:00.  If you're a true LP fan all the songs are worth listening to, however you may not find yourself as happy as with previous LP albums.  I would recommend this to any rock fan though.<br />Final Verdict:<BR>Worth the wait-Yes<BR>LP expected quality-Questionable
B00008H2LE|5.0|I bought this CD today and I was very awesome.  It is alot more hip hop but is one of Linkin Parks finest.  It also has alot of extras and is well worth the money.
B000068FWC|5.0|Being a major fan of SUPERTRAMP myself- I don't understand why many other Supertramp-fans consider it silly or even redundantly preposterous to say that this is the best Supertramp LP, and IS the album that makes it proper for one to start and be introduced with for the music of Supertramp! I got introduced to this album myself, and have become a big fan of SUPERTRAMP and Roger Hodgson ever since. Among the ten tracks in the album- 4 have become top ten hits: \\"Goodbye Stranger\\", \\"The Logical Song\\", the title track, and \\"Take The Long Way Home\\". However, contrary to what's being popularly claimed about the album that it is a commercial one, the album is not as that commercial at all, but perhaps the reason for it being reputed as to be so is maybe only because of its commercial success. The lyrics in the songs dabble mainly about getting burned out, social alienation, and longing for things that aren't really easily accessible in one's humdrum living <hits home - heheh>. The other non-commercial songs in the album that are remarkable are: \\"Lord Is It Mine\\", \\"Just Another Nervous Wreck\\", and \\"Oh Darling\\" (not the Beatle-title). \\"BREAKFAST IN AMERICA\\" appropriately opens with the track \\"Gone Hollywood\\" which properly introduces the listener for what's in store thematically on the entire album sorta. The other couple of tracks-- \\"Casual Conversations\\" and \\"Child Of Vision\\" may be passe quite a bit, but still they held some lyrical lot of sence that may impress an attitude of half-seriousness like throwing-away-the-towel..  but is still quite substancial.<br />Ranks number 8 on my all-time personnal list of favourite albums:<BR>#10= AD (KANSAS' Kerry Livgren's band project) Art Of The State<BR> #9= F O G H A T  Live<BR> #8= SUPERTRAMP Breakfast In America<BR> #7= KEITH GREEN For Him Who Has Ears To Hear<BR> #6= Antonio Vivaldi's 5th Concierto performed by the Monte  Verde Orchestra  <BR> #5= QUEEN A Night At The Opera<BR> #4= L E D  Z E P P E L I N  (1971)<BR> #3= BEATLES Srg. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band<BR> #2= U 2  The Joshua Tree<BR> # 1 =  JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR (original motion picture soundtrack)<br />--furthermore, the good SUPERTRAMP album to follow \\"Breakfast In America\\" in your collection would be the double-live album \\"PARIS\\" (w/c's next To \\"Breakfast...\\" would be the LP that is good for one to be introduced to the band); \\"Even In The Quitest Momment\\"; \\"Crime of the Century\\" (beats PINK FLOYD's humongously over-rated \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" any day), and \\"Crisis What Crisis\\" down to \\"Famous Last Words\\" respectively - before you hit out to score the rest of their other albums. <br />Say, could anyone re-issue these albums on CD with bonus tracks?Got 'em on Vinyl - tee-hee.
6301707974|5.0|In 1986, on a whim, I rented \\"Return to Oz\\" from one of my local video stores, remembering the hype behind it...(Paul McCartney endorsed it by visiting the set and getting chummy with little Fairuza Balk...many write-ups before release,) and was pleasantly surprised by just how good it was. A few years later, I was working as a clerk and assistant manager of two video stores and every customer I recommended it to loved it as well!<br />This was the first truly good movie to come out of the Disney factory after \\"Jungle Book\\" at the time it was made and released, and the difference between this and all those dreadful \\"Love Bug\\" movies, (as well as ill-advised disasters like \\"Gus\\",) is phenomenal! The film is a jewel-like production with flawless casting, art direction, music and acting. It was Fairuza Balk's first movie and she acquitted herself well, but she was also supported by major talents like Piper Laurie, Sophie Ward, Jean Marsh and Nicol Williamson. The era portrayed in the movie, as in the books, is the late 19th century, and it's captured perfectly by the film's art direction crew. The music, by David Shire, might actually have you comparing it favorably to the MGM original, perhaps with you even preferring it! Will Vinton's Claymation special effects are excellent. Oh, and the Jim Henson organization also had a lot to do with the way this movie looked, so now you KNOW it's good, don't you?<br />Back when it was current, believe it or not, Roger Ebert and the late Gene Siskel actually PANNED this movie, stating, erroneously, that it came off like a \\"cheap remake\\" of the orignal....\\" NOTHING could be further from the truth! If anything, just the reverse is true....\\"Return's\\" art direction easily blows away the MGM version. The music, as I stated, is EASILY as good, and the acting is on a par, at least! Perhaps, partially thanks to that S&E review, the movie did poorly at the box office and immedaitely became obscure on its first video release. Its SECOND video release was a poorly done EP recording with mono sound. The present release is in stereo and SP, but for some truly odd reason, isn't being releaseed by Disney video anymore. Go figure.<br />Eisner should be kicking himself down Melrose Avenue for letting this one slip through his fingers, since it was his pet project after he took over Disney.<br />Characters you and your kids might like are:<br />Melina, the wise-cracking hen<br />Tick Tock, the \\"Army of Oz\\", essentially a clockwork robot guardian for the imaginary kingdom.<br />Jack Pumpkinhead, voiced by Brian Henson, Jim Henson's son, now the head of the Henson Company. Another scarecrow, made by new character Ozma, but brought to life by another new character, the evil Princess Mombi, played by Jean Marsh and Sophie Ward.<br />The Thing With The Head of a Gump, a inanimate collection of things put together by Dorothy and her friends to escape from Mombi's palace. It has the best lines in the movie.<br />The Nomes...spirits that live within the rocks of a kingdom downroad from Oz, ruled by a blustering, selfish, condescending, paternalistic king who ALSO lives in the rocks. This character, as well as the condescending, paternalistic head psychiatrist of the asylum are both played by Nicol Williamson.<br />Ozma, a charming little girl who befriends Dorothy, (Balk,) when her Aunt and Uncle ill-advisedly committ her to an asylum for her \\"strange dreams about a world that doesn't exist\\". Though the name of this girl outside of Dorothy's dream is never revealed in the film, Dorothy recreates her as Ozma, the true queen of Oz, in her dream during a period of unconsciousness brought on by a turbulent escape with her from the asylum during a violent storm. This is essentially the entire \\"Oz\\" portion of the movie.<br />Please, ignore Siskel and Ebert and rent or BUY this movie. And laugh at Michael Eisner for letting it fall into the hands of another video releasing company!<br />PS: Be warned...Princess Mombi mightbe a little hard to take for some younger children, but older kids should be able to handle it.t be a little hard to take for some younger children, but older kids should be able to handle it.
B00006JIAF|5.0|When I got this CD I had already gotten the most popular albums by the premier garage bands: \\"Veni Vedi Vicious\\" by the Hives (good the first few times but gets really old after that; 3/5), \\"White Blood Cells\\" by the White Stripes (first four songs are wonderful, the rest are good but not quite as much so; 4/5) and \\"Highly Evolved\\" by the Vines (very, very good, great mix of hard and soft songs; 5/5).<br />Then I got this CD. All I've had to say about is this: absolutely love the album, absolutely love the band. Every song on here is wonderful and original in their own special way, and yet they flow so well from one to the next. And no I've listened all the way through this song many, many times and it hasn't gotten old at all. And no again, the processed vocals of Julian Casablancas do not deter from the songs. In their own special way, I really can't describe how, but the songs wouldn't be as good without them. They just fit with the songs. There is no reason to go through the songs and discuss them because I would have the same thing to say every time. I will say that my favorite songs are \\"Is This It\\" and \\"Last Nite.\\"<br />But what do I think about the DVD???<br />Wonderful as well. The CD just wouldn't have been the same without it. It showcases the band's attitude in a great way and never goes away from that. Tell me, in what other band would the lead singer try to mess up the other members playing their instuments? And where else would you find a guitarist like Nick Valensi dance around in antic movements onstage? And where else would you find a guitarist like Albert Hammond, Jr. stick his burning cigarette in his guitar strings for safe keeping? I can't think of any other bands with these qualities that the DVD showcases so well. Favorite video: \\"Someday\\" for its wonderfully portrayed bar scene and its hilarious \\"Family Feud\\" rip-off. I'm serious, I watch this DVD once every day. It's that good.<br />All in all, a magnificent combination of the album and theDVD. If I could I would give it a 6/5. But considering I can't do that, I'll have to give it a 5/5, even though it's so much better than anything else out there. Trust me on this one.
B00008H2LB|5.0|The CD is AWESOME. Love every track especially track 05 and 10. The sampling and mixing is better than hybrid theory but I think overall their first album is better. Even if your not a linkin park fan go check this album out.
B000002UA9|5.0|Enjoy the only Beatles album performed by (then) unknowns. Every other album was recorded after they were celebrities.<br />The sonic quality is amazing. George Martin was unsure how to record a rock band, so he applied his expertise in recording classical music (in the acoustically perfect Abbey Road 2) and taped the lads live!<br />This was basically the Beatles live show. It was recorded like jazz, live with no overdubs. The result is a masterpiece -- and part of Rock and Roll history. Enjoy!
B00008H2LB|5.0|I was very apprehensive about this next album release from LP, simply because the first one was spectacular and I didn't think they could equal it let alone top it. This is just as good if not better! LP kicks some serious azzz!
0380789035|3.0|I like Gaiman's fantasy work since it seemed more adult in nature than some authors. Deep thoughts, philosophy, and a more hallucinogenic approach to &quot;other worlds&quot; than say, Mercedes Lackey.<br />American Gods has those traits as well--wonderful writing, sympathetic main character, wit--but is bogged down by a fatalistic air that makes the book kind of depressing. The gods are interesting, the plot is complex... I couldn't stop reading... yet when I finished the book I felt I needed to cleanse my palette with something light and fluffy and silly.<br />So, if you're a fan of Gaiman or dark fantasy, read. But keep something silly on hand for afterwards.
B00005JLSE|5.0|I am not a movie critic, but I believe that a movie needs a star for entertaining, another for a deeply developed theme, one more for artistic skills, a fourth for great performances, and a final for a great coordination of the parts.  This five star movie will definitely keep you out of the day to day life, giving fun to the spectator. Based on a hard theme, where crime and corruption are the central focus of the scheme, the artistic development of the film transforms it into an exiting drama, where the performances got a great level of achievement. The women in the film, actresses, singers and dancers, were all simply extraordinary, and the climate created by the artistic directors was very delicate, and elaborated, making beautiful refferences to criminal attitudes and antisocial behaviors.<BR>About the direction, all I can say is that Rob Marshall did a great job, placing all the parts of the movie all so well together, and giving the movie a great and complex binding between the musical format and the screen.
B000002H33|5.0|\\"Master of Puppets\\" defines speed metal. While hair medal bands such as Twisted Sister, Def Leppard, New York Dolls, to name a few, were cluttering up the radio in the 80's, there was a band called Metallica that defined REAL rock and medal. Songs off of \\"Master of Puppets\\" such as the fast and blistering opener \\"Battery\\" to the last kick-!@$ song \\"Damage Inc.\\" will most likely have you thrashing your head back and forth. Even though most of the 8 tracks are lengthy, Hetfield and the gang keep it interesting with changing guitar riffs and smashing, fast drum beats. Every song is a classic and Cliff Burton was absolutley amazing. (It's a shame he died in a bus accident in September 1986. Metallica would probably not have gone in the musical direction they went in the mid 90's) It's also a shame Metallica didn't get any radio play until the Black Album. Back to the subject, \\"Master of Puppets\\" is still just as awesome to listen to as it was in 1986. No one's cd collection is complete without this gem of rock history.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|Over the years, Johnny Cash has entertained scores of listeners with a brand of music that cannot be considered merely country. Which brings us to this album. This is not country, rock, or any other stereotypical classification of music. It is the sound of a genius putting the final touches on his masterpiece. There is hardly a weak track on this album, which is amazing for the fact that the genius here is over 70 and considered by some critics as \\"over the hill.\\" For those of you who haven't seen the \\"Hurt\\" video or heard the song, it is a cover of a Nine Inch Nails song. Not only did the video make my eyes misty, I cry when I even hear the song (which I play frequently). Johnny also performs a staggering version of \\"I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry\\" with guest vocals from Nick Cave. I have listened to a lot of music over the years, but I have never heard an album that moves me as much as this one does. Go buy this CD today... and hide the razor-blades!
B00005JL3A|5.0|I thought this movie was great.  Just because it's based off of a game doesn't mean it has to have EVERYTHING in it that the game had.  The acting was great, with Milla Jovovich giving a spectacular performance and Michelle Rodriguez doing great as well.  The zombies, and dogs look very good while the licker looks alright.  The director, cast, and some of the crew actually did play through the Resident Evil games to get a feel of what the game is like and to know what it's about.  Be waiting for the next part in Resident Evil where Alice will meet Jill  =D   Anyways, I really do recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys action flicks or the game.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park's sophomore effort (or Jr. year depending on weather or not you count ReAnimation) is defeintly amazing. There is no doubt that if you enjoyed HYBRID THEORY you will like this album. But it may take a few listens to convince you. The songs contain less hate this time around, but the powerful message contained within each song is still very relavent to LP's young listeners. The stand out track is &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; this song just plain rocks-out, but it's a different kind of rock-out, you gotta give it a listen. <BR>This album deserves a premanate place in you CD changer, it's a great CD to sit down and think to. Maybe we should take the CD to Meteora and really think, and prove that Linkin Park is indeed One Step Closer to finding their own answers. Because this CD leaves us waiting for their next efforrt, and more unanswered questions...
6305127638|5.0|Star Trek: First Contact is TNG's best movie behind Nemesis. This one has it all. Drama, action, good acting and spectacular special effects. The Borg are back after 6 years when they attempted to destroy earth in the thrilling 2 part episode \\"The Best of Both Worlds\\". Alice Krige was chilling in her role as the Borg Queen and Picard was kicking some serious ...! The most awesome scenes in the film would have to be the opening battle with the Borg and the Federation fleet, the fighting throughout the decks of the ship and Picard, Worf and Hawk on the sensor array. Another part that stood out for me was when Zefram Cochran met the Vulcan's when they landed. It felt so real it sent chills down my spine. Anyway, First Contact has to rank as one of the very best Trek movies and you should not pass this up!
0783229526|5.0|This is quite possibly one of the funniest movies I have ever seen in my entire life! Raule Duke and his attorney Doctor Gonzo set out to report on a motorcycle race and end up in search of the American dream.  Depp and Del Torro give the preformance of a lifetime. I still watch this movie to the day and pick up on something that I missed the previous time.
B0000844I8|4.0|I've always loved the movie Stargate and was thrilled when I heard of the \\"ultimate edition\\". I was a bit disappointed when I watched it. The picture quality was nowhere near as good as I had hoped. In fact, it was quite poor. However, the sound was amazing. I also enjoyed the extra features and deleted scenes. Fans of the book will love it just for that.<br />I gave this DVD 4 stars for the extra scenes and features and it really is a great movie.
B0000640VO|5.0|....P>I saw Amelie first in the theater, but my real appreciation is for the DVD.  The transfer to DVD is almost legendary, it is done so well.  It helps to start with the magical direction of Jean-Pierre Jeunet, who oversaw impeccable camerawork and a script loaded with charm into the film you will see on the DVD.  It was obviously a labor of love, and Jeunet worked nearly as hard on the special features that accompany the film on the 2-disc set.  The audition tapes, the story of the \\"home movies\\" within the film and the chats with Jeunet and the cast are all captivating.<br />Jeunet successfully uses voiceover as a tool in the film, allowing the viewer to quickly react to the situations encountered by both child and adult Amelie.  He's artistically clever with his music, with flashbacks, and with dream sequence to give you a series of interconnecting events, all leading up to the theme of redemption and the enjoyment of life through the joy you give to others.  In particular, the use of photos, the booby traps for a local grocer with a nasty temper, and the delightful traveling garden gnome are creative and funny.<br />There would be no story without Audrey Tatou, the whimsical actress who embodies Amelie.  Audrey Hepburn at a young age, she is incredibly charming and quirky.  It will be interesting to see if her career takes her beyond this, a signature role.<br />You'll love owning and watching Amelie, it is one of life's small treasures!
B00006G8HX|4.0|Star Trek 3: The Search for Spock continues the story about the Genesis devise and Spock's rise from the dead. After hearing from Spock's father that Dr. Mcoy can save Spock's life, Kirk steals the Enterprise with the help of his crew against his Admiral orders and sets out to save his friend. This is where the real adventure begins when the Klingon's hear about Kirk's plans and rush to intercept Kirk and find the secret behind the Genesis device. Christopher Lloyd did exceptionally well playing the Klingon Kruge and the battle between Kirk and Kruge around the end of the film is worth the price of admission. Even though Kirk is forced to destroy the Enterprise and his son is killed by the Klingons, he is able to rescue Spock and Saavik. This Star Trek entry was good but not as good as the next sequal in the real Trek trilogy (Star Trek 2-4) The new Special Edition DVD is great and includes some interesting bonus material. So if you have'nt yet pick this up and add it to your Star Trek collection now.
0440236738|5.0|I'm out of breath from this engrossing novel.  Coben writes a book with more twists and turns than any I have ever read.  You might think you have the story figured out, but trust me you don't.  Perhaps, as I did, you figured out one small piece...but that is the joy the book--the surprises.  Will Klein is one of the most fundamentally decent leads I have come across in quite some time.  The book is engrossing, I literally could not put it down (and when I had to, I missed it!).  Coben's fun and insightful prose makes the book worth more than the price.  Squares, a fantastic character, deserves a book of his own.  Coben has won himself a new fan and I hope many of you will join the club.  Will Klein deserves that much.  You will laugh, cry, and cheer.  Cheesy sounding review?  Maybe, but every word is true.
0679746048|5.0|I think the title of this review says it all, short and sweet! I read this book in about two hours and LOVED it. I bought this book wanting to see how far off the movie was. I was surprised at the differences between the two. I recommend this book to anyone who watched the movie and wondered what Susanna was writing in her journal, how well the characters were portrayed, and just who made it out &quot;by the 70's&quot;.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that was written in 1960 by Harper Lee about Jem and Scout Finch growing up in Maycomb County, Alabama. Their father, Atticus, is a well-respected lawyer who is assigned to the case of Tom Robinson. Tom Robinson is an African-American man who is unjustly charged with committing a crime against Mayella Ewell, a white woman. Although Tom Robinson's case is predictably lost because of the racial and prejudicial beliefs that existed at the time, Atticus feels obligated to accept Tom Robinson's case. Atticus Finch is a strong person who is well ahead of the times, who believes in Tom and who wishes to help him as much as possible. He also wants to set an example to his children against the prejudicial beliefs that they are growing up around. Besides Atticus, Jem and Scout, there are many other important characters in the book, especially as it progresses.<br />As the book advances, the characters change. They evolve, become more or less important, and fall in and out of the story. For example, in the first part of the book, Miss Caroline is one of the main characters. She is Scout's first grade teacher, and it is in her classroom that Scout faces the first injustice done to her. Dill, who spends summers with his aunt, Rachel Haverford, in Maycomb, is also an important character in the first part of the book. He plays an important role in being a friend to Jem and Scout and brings out more information about Boo Radley. On the other hand, Boo Radley does not play an important role consistently throughout the book. In the beginning, he leaves gifts for the Finch children. After he can no longer do that, he is not heard from until the resolution of the novel, when he saves their life. Miss Maudie, the Finch's neighbor, is important through out the book. She is always around the help the children and shares her wisdom. Calpurnia, the black woman who works at the Finch's household, is also important throughout the book. She serves as a good example of the African-American community to the children. Another member of the household is Aunt Alexandra, Atticus Finch's sister. In the midst of the main conflict, she moves to Maycomb to live with her brother's family. At first there are many conflicts, but soon Aunt Alexandra is loved as part of the family in her own way. She is supportive of her brother, Atticus, even when she disagrees with him about the Robinson case. Atticus's client, Tom Robinson, is very important to the plot of the story, although he is not the main character. When the conflict is examined, he is the main protagonist. The Ewell family is in the story more than Tom, although they are featured as the antagonists. Other characters are Judge Taylor, who presides over Tom Robinson's case, Heck Tate, the county sheriff, Mr. Underwood, owner of The Maycomb Tribune, and Mrs. Dubose, an elderly neighbor. <br />Although this book was published in 1960, it is set in the 1930s in Maycomb County, Alabama. It is a town that is full of southern pride, where everyone knows everyone else, where rarely does someone leave, and where judgments are formed about people from their last name. Because each family has a position in the county, and each person in that family just follows in the way their ancestors lived and behaved. Each class just keeps to themselves. It would seem like the town was divided into the townspeople, the Negroes, the country folk, and the people who live in trash despite their skin color. This story could happen anywhere, but the setting definitely accelerated the pace and depth of the plot.<br /> The author's purpose was to write a novel that explored the issue of prejudice in a way that everyone can feel and relate to. By writing through the eyes of a young girl from ages six to eight, it allows readers to look at complex, controversial issues in a simple, innocent way. Scout asks simple questions such as \\"Why? Why does this happen? Why is this going on?\\" Harper Lee makes the readerfeel angry at the twisted prejudice that existed for so long. I think that the author accomplished her purpose the instant her successful book was published and later won the Pulitzer Prize.<br />I can understand why this book has become a classic piece of American literature. The book conveys many emotions and completely shows the injustice and desperate feelings of humanity. The first half of the book focuses on building the atmosphere of the town and of the Finches and other residents. You learn of the school, the neighbors, the opinions of the town, and become familiar with the important character's lives. Then, you are thrown into the midst of Tom Robinson's trial. The whole community must face their personal prejudices and angry feelings of injustice and helplessness. You can see how the behavior of others affects the feelings and opinions of a person. I think that this is an important book that still holds a lot of meaning.
B00005JKHP|3.0|Well, after watching the Director's Cut version of &quot;Star Trek: The Motion Picture&quot; I slightly had a better understanding behind the film, despite the slow pace and average acting. Released in 1979, 10 years after the original series of Star Trek ended, Kirk and crew face a new alien menace while cammanding the recently out-fitted and improved Enterprise. The first part of the movie where the Klingon ships get vaporized by some sort of alien energy storm was an awesome sight to behold. I have heard people say that they hate this movie for it's boring pace and lack of action. Well, I have to admit that it took some determination to get through the movie in one sitting but I did ,in a way, enjoy it. The bad points of the movie is of course the slow pacing, the bland and dull looking new uniforms, the occational bad acting and the scence of that this is going nowhere. However, the good points is the excellent score by Jerry Goldsmith, the cleaned up special effects by the new Director's Edition and the bonus material, which include deleted scenes, trailers, interviews and much more. My point is, watch this movie staright through beginning to end and see what you think. It's not that bad.
B00008H2LB|1.0|this is like a gaping hole in my colon, a mix of green deep-lunged phlegm covered with specs of blood and various body fluids. That is the best way to describe Lincoln Pork. So bad and ridicuously cheesey, it literally causes intestinal pain. This is Poison for the new milenium, Triumph with a turntable, Survivor without Rocky. Just lame, uninspired corporate rock. If you are a vacuous braindead automoton looking for the album all your little friends will have, go buy it. Hey wait, wasn't that the same strategy they used to sell Pokemon ? Down with corporate rock.
B00004Z400|5.0|Most bands on their second or third album [fade] out by experimenting and straying away from their fan base.  Deftones did the honors of experimenting, yet they still kept the style on the level.  They strayed from the path, yet they still found the way.
B00008H2LB|5.0|i dont know what to say, but this has some great music, and great songs, i suggest you buy it if you liked hybrid theary!..
B000002H97|5.0|The Black Album was the first Metallica cd I bought, simply out of curiosity. My friend was a huge fan so he suggested I pick up a copy of this. Man, was I stunned. The opening song \\"Enter Sandman\\" with it's powerful guitar and bass riffs and James Hetfield's growling vocals, had me cranking my stereo up until my bedroom windows blew out. Well, not quite but I have to say that even though Metallica went in a different musical direction with their 1991 Black Album, they did one hell of a job writing these kick-ass songs like \\"Sad But True\\", \\"Holier Than Thou\\", \\"Of Wolf & Man\\" and \\"Wherever I May Roam\\" (The first song I ever heard from Metallica) Anyhow, Metallica's original formula of thrash/speed medal of their previous albums has not really been heard of since 1988's \\"...And Justice For All\\". Metallica has so far been going at a slower rock approach but the Black Album showcases their best work since their best years in the 80's.
B00005QW4K|1.0|Don't get me wrong: Get Army of Darkness even if you have to sell your beloved collection of shrunken heads to buy it. Just don't buy the BOOTLEG EDITION. It's shady marketing. It includes \\"extra footage\\" and \\"the original ending\\" (I didn't know this was different than the theatrical release's ending.) Anyway, if you remember seeing this at the theater way back when or on TV at some point, you'll be underwhelmed with its lame \\"director's cut\\" butchering of the ending as well as its complete lack of good extra features. Apparently bit parts in Ghost World and other films weren't enough to pay the bills, so Bruce Campbell endorsed and contributed to this piece of garbage. I gave mine away to someone who doesn't know the difference.
B00006RINF|5.0|A wonderful introduction to this great Italian band. Christina sings wonderfully throughout the CD and their male singer isnt half bad either. A great mix of rock and gothy style metal, it has something for almost any rock fan.
B00008H2LB|4.0|We all agreed that their first LP &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; was an all around great cd, with tons of sweet tracks.  I honestly thought that some of the lesser known tracks were better than the popular singles.  So will this cd be the same, in your face extravaganza.  The answer is, no.  This cd I feel takes a more serios turn towards the music and also and even more hip-hop spin than before.  Though it is still a good cd, I feel that some of the previous fans might be let down a bit, but then again, you might love it.  I like it very much and actually my favorite track is the second one &quot;Don't Stay&quot;  Overall this cd takes a less gruff look at problems and is definately a better buy than the cd by Evanesence (a little to Goth for me) if you are looking for thing same feeling with some more guts.
B0000683DH|5.0|After the mixed reactions by Star Trek fans and critics alike about the first Star Trek movie, Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan was released in 1982. It instantly became a huge hit, not only with devoted fans and critics but also with people who weren't fans, and for good reason. Khan is back to seek revenge on Kirk and an incredible battle insues between the two \\"old friends\\". The part where the Enterprise and Khan's ship playing cat and mouse in a nebula was full of suspense and it was brilliant. This movie has everything that makes up a good film. Action, drama, suspense, emotion and great music. The ending was a complete shock to fans and it was indeed heartwrenching to see a beloved character die. But it was not to be, fortunatly. Many fans thought this was going to be the last Trek movie and here we are over 20 years later with now 10 movies made. Without a shadow of a doubt, Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan remains the most thrilling Trek film to date and most likely will be for a good long while.
0061020680|5.0|This has to be the best Terry Pratchett book I've read to date. If Death taking on an apprentice isn't wierd enough then just wait, as you read you'll discover the oddest, and funniest, things about the life of Death. I love this book and so have the people I lent it to. If you enjoy light hearted comedy, fantasy, or satyrs then you should READ THIS BOOK!<br />((well that didn't sound like an infomercial))<br />~Lupus
B00008H2LE|2.0|I liked the first linkin park album but this follow up album is [bad]. It is slow, depressing and has no quality at all. The first release off this album is 'Somewhere I Belong', and i should of known that if that was the first release the rest of the album wouldn't be much better and that was the case. To put this album into perspective take the worst songs off of the adema album, the hoobastank album and crazytown's first album and you have a quite pitiful follow up, I have given this album two stars because quite simply thier first album was that good; the phrase 'One Album Wonders' certainly comes to mind. I suggest to anyone even thinking of buying this album KEEP YOUR RECEIPT!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000025DT|5.0|I was about three years old when I first heard ELO.  Among the first songs I knew were Telephone Line and Livin Thing.  Needless to say I was hooked on ELO forever!  This album is outstanding from start to finish, and the songs fit together perfectly.  Each song on this album is sensational and a crucial part of the album, making every moment truly memorable.  Not even the Beatles best work is a patch on A New World Record.  A must for all ELO fans.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Not only is this one of the most entertaining action films ever made but the Ultimate DVD Edition is probably the best DVD released so far! It's got an overwhelming amount of info about James Cameron's making of the film, everything about the film and the list goes on and on. There is over 6 hours of bonus material. Incredible. Anyway, about the movie, it is a continuation of the Terminator saga where the T-1000 is now the protector of the future human leader of the resistance, John Connor, instead of the ruthless killer in the previous movie. T2 is laden with eye-popping action and special FX and also powerful emotions. I can't think of one thing I dislike about this classic movie. If you have not seen it, You my friend have been living under a rock for the past 12 years. Pick up this awesome T2 DVD ASAP!
B00006RIO7|5.0|I saw the movie and it took my breath away. It was fabulous and I think it deserved the best picture academy award. I now am in love with the soundtrack. The music is amazing.
B000088E6D|5.0|After watching countless individuals on MTV, and the Grammy Awards passing for singers, my faith in good music is renewed with the talent of Michael Buble !  His voice and delivery are as smooth as anything you would want to hear. I'm waiting for the next CD. Check this out !
B00008H2LE|4.0|My first listen of this CD was filled with anticipation and high expectations. At first I thought it was awful and I was ready to rip up Linkin Park for getting so big and then releasing a mediocre record because they are going to sell millions anyway.But honestly, after the 3rd and 4th listen something clicked. Once you realize that LP has a formula that makes them sound the way they do and accept the music then this album becomes a pleasure. There are heavy tracks and some lighter, more melodic ones. A few have interesting drum tracks and backing samples. Overall I would recommend this CD to anyone who liked the first CD. I think as an overall album is concerned this is a bit more diverse which I found more rewarding for repeated listenings (which will be quite alot, since their next record won't be until another 3 years)
B000069AUI|5.0|Wow, what can I say. Coldplay has shown even more musical talent with their 2002 release &quot;Rush of Blood to the Head&quot;. After hearing &quot;Yellow&quot; in 2000 I thought I might check out this new band. I was not dissapointed. Songs off of parachutes like &quot;Don't Panic&quot;, &quot;Shiver&quot;, &quot;Spies&quot; and &quot;Trouble&quot; made me a fan and I looked forward to their next cd. This is amazing. Chris Martin's soulful, pained singing about lost and hopeless love drifting over intricate guitar hooks and piano melodies is pure bliss to listen to. Highlights of the album include the single &quot;In My Place&quot;, the dreamy &quot;Clocks&quot;, the guitar driven opener &quot;Politik&quot;, the sad but brilliant &quot;Scientist&quot; and the amazing epic &quot;Amsterdam&quot;. The only song I didn't really care for was &quot;Daylight&quot;, which kinda sounded reminiscent of Beatles material but just did not click. Besides that, this album is a masterpiece. Coldplay are only going to get better and more talented in the coming years.
B00006690G|5.0|this is by far the best eminem album. it even better than marshall mathers lp. the best song on it is white america, business, the kiss, say goodbye holywood, without me and say what you say. dr dre can be proud
0380018179|4.0|I highly recommend this to anyone interested in adding modern classics to their reading list.  It's well written, engaging, and well plotted.  It has many elements of good literature: irony, drama, tragedy, humor, and every aspect of human life.  And surprisingly it is a quick read despite the hefty length.  This also was written by someone who does their homework.  How could someone get all those details of sheep farming/herding in Austrailia without some research?
B000089RVX|5.0|This CD is awesome... very good 5 stars. Amy Lee has created a style that is amazing to listen to. My only warning is that while this style is amazing it doesn't change much from song to song. So if you're already tired of hearing Bring Me To Life on the radio, chances are you're not going to like the rest of the CD.
B000000OQF|5.0|Mark McGrath (lead singer of Sugar Ray) said, \\"Grunge didn't kill hair bands. Guns N' Roses killed hair bands, because their music appealed to hair band fans, and stole them away, but it was substantive music that people who hated hair bands ALSO liked.\\" So this album is arguably more historical than Nirvana's NEVERMIND. What impresses me is, aside from the quality of the playing, the compositions themselves are very good. Good songwriting here.
B00008H2LB|3.0|I was skeptical with all the success of their first record, Hybrid Theory, that Linkin Park would fall prey to the notorious sophmore jinx on their second studio effort of original work. I'm pleased to report that for the most part Meteora will not disappoint.<br />It is a strong second effort that will grab the listener from the opening guitar riff of 'Don't Stay' and continues to build on the first single and third track 'Somewhere I Belong'.<br />Other standout tracks our 'Easier to Run', 'Faint', and 'Breaking the Habit'. The latter two incorporating orchestral strings recorded in the studio. 'Breaking the Habit' will figure to be the breakout single from this record similar to the way 'In the End' did off of Hybrid Theory.<br />The only problem with this record is that it breaks down after track 9. The record falls into filler material with the forgettable 'Nobody's Listening' and instrumental 'Session'. The last track 'Numb' attempts to go out with a bang similar to Hybrid Theory's eerie closer 'Pushing Me Away' but comes across as a clone to 'Crawling' from the first record.<br />My one other gripe is the overall length of the record. Clocking in at just under 37 minutes it goes by too fast. Linkin Park shows enough creativity and flexibility with their song writing and musicmanship that it is somewhat a letdown to have each song end so abrubtly. <br />Bottom Line: Buy the record. It is very similar in most ways to 'Hybrid Theory'. It is very listenable and gives you basically what you expect. They don't break any new ground but for Linkin Park that is a good thing since they already did that on their first record.
0375414053|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. I am a stay at home Mom of 3 kids and I was still able to relate to this character.
B00008H2LE|5.0|This new CD i just bought and brought home, and i must say, that i am amazed. I am a HUGE Linkin Park fan, and after first listening to it, i love it...no question.  Especially the songs Breaking The Habbit, From the Inside, Easier To Run, and of course, Somewhere I Belong, are by far the best....and Numb is really good too.  Though there are a few songs i dont like, the cd is still definitely worth the price, and i recommend it to anyone.
B00008H2LE|2.0|wow, my original review was way off from what i think now. at first, i was blown away by this. after about 10 listens at the most, though, it started to get old. fast. their lyrics are subpar when compared to their past works, under whatever name they happened to be going by at the time (Xero, Hybrid Theory, etc.). Gone are the open-ended songs, full of imagery and begging to be interpreted however you wanted to. Now, the lyrics are so straightforward and unoriginal on most songs, it's almost enough to make me sick. it's like LP teamed up with an emo band to write a lot of songs on here. i'll give it two stars because there are a few good tracks, namely Faint and Breaking the Habit, and the DVD was entertaining. but please, for your own sake, stay away from this. go buy Reanimation instead, or better yet, go and get Waking the Fallen by Avenged Sevenfold, which is easily the best album of 2003.
0440237688|1.0|Newberry Awards are most useful for telling a reader which books to avoid. This is an example of a 'book' that wins an award for appealing to literary intelligentsia rather than because it's a 'good read'. There's no sense of wonder, no sense of adventure, but everything is very *PC*.<br />Go buy \\"White Fang\\" or \\"The Yearling\\" <BR>Read something by Mercedes Lackey, R. A. Heinlein, H. Beam Piper or David Weber. But for goodness sake, please don't buy this book on the same principle of *not* feeding stray cats. It only encourages them to stick around and reproduce.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is a great cd for all linkin park fans. They haven't changed their sound much, but this cd has a different vibe to it than does hybrid theory. I'm going to see these guys at the summer sanitarium tour with mudvayne and deftones! I can't wait. This CD is heavier in than the last record. It is a definate must have for any LP fan. It also comes with a great bonus DVD that shows they making of the record. Go Pick it up!!
B00006RU5B|5.0|Rage Against the Machine was one of my favorites from the beginning of the run to the very end.  The fusion of so many styles was ever-refreshing.  If you did not listen to Rage because of the quality of the music, you had to pay attention because of the message.  Ears always raised when Zach de la Rocha screamed.  <BR>Now different ears raise when Chris Cornell sings.  I hope that the members of Rage and Soundgarden gain more fans from this effort.  I think it more likely, however, that us 20 and 30-somethings that grew up with the two groups that have fused here will better appreciate this album.  As we grow, our music grows as well.  That is not to say that it sounds like Rage and Soundgarden got &quot;old&quot; and made an album, but rather they matured.  This is possibly the best musical effort that the members of Rage have put forth, despite the fact that it has lost some of the edginess of the Rage albums.  Yet even though the in-your-face hip hop element is absent, Audioslave still breaks new ground.  This album is metal.  This album is alternative.  This album is classic rock.  This album is mellow.  This album is pop.  Most importantly, this album is talent, both musically and lyrically and none in the world of rock have made its equal this year.  As more and more new bands release music that sounds the same as numerous others, Audioslave dares to be different.  MTV and the Grammys will, in all likelihood, not appreciate the effort, but the millions of rock fans will.
0451169514|4.0|This is a pretty good book, though I wouldn't rate it among King's best.  He seems to lose me a little with his super long books, like this and &quot;The Stand&quot;.  I would have preferred 300 or 400 pages instead, as this would have improved the pace considerably.  Surprisingly, though, I found this to be a pretty quick read in spite of the 1000+ page length.  I'd say the strongest point of the book is character development, as King manages to bring these folks vividly to life, and I felt like I was friends with them by the end of the book.  Another strong point of the book is the creepiness of the monster- the &quot;it&quot;- if you will.  I felt this was one of King's scarier creations.  Overall, definitely worth a read, especially if you're a King fan.  Avery Z. Conner, author of &quot;Fevers of the Mind&quot;.
0375823360|5.0|The Golden Compass is such a great book to read.I can't get my eyes off the book,I just keep on reading.I really excited because I just started reading the second one.Lyra seems like a real person to me.I like the way Lyra's world is,having daemons.Now that totally rocks.This book is just full of surprises.
B000002NHN|4.0|Unlike most fans here who own all her albums and think this is a weak turn, i feel just the opposite. This was the first Loreena album I bought, and after buying all the others, I saw some shadows of brilliance and even some brilliant moments in the early ones, but quite frankly, they were rather boring and less intellectually lively, as well as having arrangements that were too traditional. For a while now, she has been experimenting with combining many cultural sounds, which I extol her for.<br />This album contains the Mummer's Dance (which is far better than the radio version becaue it sounds more natural), which falls as a close second to my favourite track &quot;Marco Polo&quot;, whcih is an all-out ancient Middle eastern jam! :&gt;<BR>There are other interesting and atmospheric tracks (some of them with a slight sway towards the dull or the pretentious), and Dante's Prayer is one of the few tracks i simply can't stand. But songs like &quot;The Highwayman&quot; are quite interesting to say the least. And no, I don't find anything wrong with the length of the songs. I have always liked those.<BR>This is a good album for a variety of musically exploartive people.
B00008H2LE|5.0|The second linkin park lp is great. I didnt think itd be great because the orginal was almost perfect. but i was wrong, this cd is much better. its more emotional, there are tighter riffs, better samples, and the drums are amazing. the band really came into there own on this one. Buy it, along with the dvd.
B00006AFF5|5.0|This movie is insanely funny.  I was expecting more DVD extras.  The extras do not last that long and some of them are just advertisements for Universal Studios.  The outtakes and deleted scenes are pretty funny though.  If your buying the DVD for the extras buy it from one of the marketplace sellers because it is not worth more than $15.00.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Topped Hybrid Theory, never thought that was possible. Great words and beats, might be the best album of the century!
B00005JKN9|4.0|Like all Scorsese films, Gangs of New York was eagerly awaited by many film fans. Scorsese has proven on more than one occasion that he is a master of the gangster genre, and thus expectations were naturally high prior to the release. The film itself, however, falls somewhat short of these expectations. Certain flaws are hard to ignore and Scorsese has certainly made better films before. It has been said that many scenes had to be left on the cutting room floor, and perhaps that explain some of the problems (let us hope that the DVD will provide a director's cut version). Furthermore, Cameron Diaz's character is more or less superfluous to the story (must all films have a love story?), and Leonardo Dicaprio was perhaps not the best choice for the leading role. Having pointed out these flaws, however, one must also acknowledge the good things that the film has to offer. Day-Lewis delivers a powerhouse performance and Scorsese's direction is first class. In addition, the production design is brilliant and the story is generally interesting throughout the two and half hours. All in all, a good film - but still it could have been better.
B000003TSP|2.0|This must be the worst sounding mix ever for a popular album. The vocal EQ is painful. Why don't they remix and remaster this mess?<br />I'm listening to it through a graphic equalizer (iTunes) with 4K pulled out and there is a great album lurking in there somewhere.
B000089RVX|5.0|The songs on this album are absolutely phenomenal. I've honestly listened to it a hundred times because it is so fab! The haunting, ethereal voice of Amy Lee combined with back up vocals and a wicked, grunty rock tunes makes this the band of the year and this album just has one potential hit after another.<BR>I guarantee if you buy this cd you will not be disappointed!
B00008CLOA|5.0|This is one of the releases I was waiting for with baited breath.  I am a major Floyd Fanatic.  And since getting stuff on SACD, I couldn't wait for some Floyd titles to come out.  That being said...here's the review.<BR>This is probably one of the best SACD transfers yet.  The sounds are crisp and clear.  The seperation of the channels is fantastic.  And the music is great.<BR>The heartbeat on Speak to Me/Breathe gets you in the right mood.  It sounds like it is coming from your body.  Then you get to On The Run.  Songs like this are the reason we have surround sound.  You can hear the guy running around the room.  The helicoptor seems to circle around the room.  And the air rushes around.  Then you get to Time.  The Alarm clocks sound like they are right in the room.  You can hear the resonance on the grandfather bell.  Then you get to Great Gig in the Sky and you can hear the range of Clare Torrey's voice.  Then on money, you can hear the change circling from speaker to speaker.  Everything about this CD is fantastic.  It seems that Pink Floyd were ahead of their time when they made this one.<BR>It's really a shame that Amazon only has 5 stars because this one rates a 10.<BR>One more thing.  Since I think Wish You Were Here and Animals were both recorded in Quadrophonic, it would be nice if they would do those next.  Those are another pair of albums that would lend themselves to 5.1
B00008H2LE|3.0|We all remember hearing \\"one step closer\\" for the first time and every catchy riff and throaty scream consumed us. Linkin park is a very universal band that can connect to all audiences who listen to rap, metal, nu metal, or alternative rock. They proved themselves with their live shows as well. Every track on Hybrid Theory said something, if not through lyrics, through phenomenal, well structured choruses. Although Meteora contains some of these simple qualities, it does not seem to grasp the listeners attention as well as Hybrid Theory. Chester still shines beautifully in this album but at times is smothered by the excessive and unnecessary rapping. Yes, it adds a certain dynamic, but I say Shinoba should learn to scream or sing to add a NEW dynamic and eliminate the rampant over-dubbing vocals on the album. I would have much preferred for linkin park to kick it up a notch and add more intensity to the album, but they instead stuck to their old style. This may have been a good move, considering the number of hit singles on Hybrid Theory, but it may cause metal fans to shy away from them. The second track \\"Don't Stay\\" is a nice introduction into meteora with a stylistic contrast between turntables and guitars. Another stand out track I think is \\"lying from you.\\" It slowly progresses from an interesting beat to a pleasing melodic chorus.<BR> This album is undoubtedly very catchy and portrays linkin park's ability to write well structured songs. But this structure can get repetetive at times in the album. Some of the songs seem very formulated from verse to chorus, verse to chorus, verse to chorus. I was skeptical to buy this album because I was not too impressed by the single, but I had confidence that linkin park would pull through with a well written album. Well, they created an album that contains many possible hit singles without softening too much. Think of this album as a semi-rushed sequel to hybrid theory, very similar in style. Although I believe the albumcould have been rougher and more creative, it still a strong effort that deserves a listen. I belive nu metal will slowly perish because it can only go so far. Bands start sounding the same as other bands and end up sounding like imitations. Unfortunately, Linkin Park paved the way for lame nu metal acts to take a shot at the gold. Enjoy this album while the genre is still alive, but I advise you to look towards new horizons...in flames, children of bodom, dog fashion disco, eighteen visions, the postman syndrome, lamb of god, killswitch engage, avenged sevenfold....reticuli lives and dominates fackas....enjoy
B00005JKG7|5.0|The Fog isn't that old--1980--yet it seems like they can't even pull this kind of movie off today anymore.<br />It's basically an old fashioned ghost story about revenge on a town. Antonio Bay is celebrating the 100th anniversary of its founding. Old timers tell the story of \\"the fog\\", which rolled in one night as the settlers of Antonio Bat lead a leper ship into jagged rocks on purpose, straying the ship off-course with a campfire on shore.<br />Sure enough, the fog rolls in, bringing with it shadowy figures in period garb. And that's one of the great qualities of The Fog. The ghosts are ghostly, period, and we never really get a good look at any one of them. Only once do we get any real gore, with a green-blooded arm being hacked off. But overall the mist and the faintly glowing eyes still work pretty well. It's a strength of the film that we don't get the overboard cheap scare tactics. Carpenter doesn't need it as he creates the perfect spooky atmosphere with smoke and lights and music.<br />I value atomosphere very highly in a horror film, and The Fog is full of a sense of foreboding. The camera work is excellent as is the lighting; something tells me an updated Hollywood version would kill the subtlety at play here. The dark sets and even the dated FX shots of the fog coming in off the bay look great on this DVD. I have to give MGM credit on this job. The film looks fine enough, and most important, we get some nice extras and attention to detail. Even the animated menus are a treat.  One reviewer in these pages did write about the film quality though, claiming that the colors were very off, changing the effect of the film. This may be true (wouldn't surprise me the way they do some DVD transers) but I think the film is sharp on this release, and most people may not take notice.<br />This is highly recommended, period. For Carpenter fans, for fans of old fashioned ghost stories updated in a competent way. The soundtrack is recommended as well, especially for Carpenter fans. Hypnotic, simple piano riffs that match the moody colors and the characters of the film.Carpenter fans. Hypnotic, simple piano riffs that match the moody colors and the characters of the film.
B00005JLK1|1.0|While this movie looked somewhat promising from the trailers, only the opening sequence is truly gruesome and scary.  The movie falls flat, subjecting the audience to one horror cliche after another.  For a classier, more original thriller, rent \\"The Ring\\" instead.
B00003CXBH|5.0|This film takes us deep into 18th Century South America and serves as a heart-rending commentary on man's inhumanity to man. It is one of the best movies of all time dealing with issues of social injustice.<BR>In 1986 this film received seven Academy Awards nominations, including Best Picture. However, it won the Oscar for Best Cinematography. The cinematography, the story, the actors, and the music should have supplied enough impetus to have this released in DVD format earlier. It stars Robert DiNiro and Jeremy Irons. Liam Neeson has a supporting role. <BR>I am excited about the coming release of this DVD. I own the VHS version; and while it is good, you need the DVD to do this picture justice. I am looking forward to pre-ordering The Mission on DVD.
B00004TH83|2.0|UGH!  Whitney Houston came along, she had an incredible voice and became a megastar all over the world.  So what did record companies started doing?  They started looking for Whitney clones.  Then we had to deal with Mariah, then Celine and now Lara.  For the love of God, leave Whitney alone!  Jeez, it's becoming harrassement.
B00005JLSE|5.0|My granddaughter took me to the movie Chicago last night !  There has been such a dearth of movie musicals the last few years, and I went in the theatre preparing to be disappointed.  But I was not at all disappointed !  In fact...I can hardly wait until the video comes out and I can own it and re-watch it many times.  Also the sound track on cd !  Then I can put on Bob Fosse's music and dance and prance around the house (when nobody is looking !)  At 64 I look forward to enjoying such good music to prance around to !<br />Wonderful music...lots of laughs...a \\"keeper\\"... !<br />If you're not into critiquing each and every thing...and just want to a good old movie musical coming away feeling better...then don't miss this movie !
B00005JLSE|1.0|If I would of wanted to see Chicago,the play, I would of gone to the theater not to the cinema.  The adaptation from play to movie lacks the whole point of what cinema is for, imagination!!!  Most dancing scenes have a black background with only a few actors dancing that lack skill.  The film lacks movement, choreography and scenery.  The acting is preposterous and the music is a joke.  American cinema at its worst.  If you want to see good musicals watch Moulin Rouge and Dancer in the Dark
B000089RVX|5.0|This album is awesome. You have to experience it to understand. BUY it... you will not be dissapointed.
B00008H2LE|3.0|If you liked Hybrid Theory you will like this, it's more of the same, exact same sound as their debut, few experiments (drum and bass on one song).  Big ph fat production (blows outta your speakers).  Excellent formula songwriting but nothing TOO exciting.
B00005JKED|1.0|I actually laughed out loud throughout most of this movie. I mean, c'mon, drinking, dope smoking, a trunk full of household appliances, burglary, assault and a residential shoot-out all before lunch. Then finish off the day with stealing millions, the murder of your ex-partner (and mentor) and everyones's on board with the cover-up. Better yet...all the politicians are on board too. And, oh yeah, use your illigitimate son as a human shield in your second shoot-out of the day which, incidently, is with your current partner. Sadly, many people probably think there's some reality in a movie like this.<BR> <BR>I guaranty you will figure  out the ending within the first 15 minutes, completely predictable. In a way though, it does to some extent leave us hanging. We don't know the final outcome for Ethan Hawke's character. Maybe that's the set-up for \\"Traning Day II\\"...OH!..please God...NO!<BR>The only reason I gave this movie a star is because I was amused by the cartoon quality of Denzel Washington's character. In this case the Oscar is an undeserved scholarship. The only thing that this movie is missing is a skinny coyote with a lit ACME Rocket strapped to his back. Do youself a favor. Don't believe the hype. Don't buy it or rent it. Walk past it at the video store to \\"The French Connection\\", \\"The Seven-Ups\\" or even \\"Prince of the City\\".
0679720200|5.0|This excellent novel is essential reading for students and lovers of literature; especially for those interested in Western philosophy.  The Stranger, the first of Camus' three major novels, was written in French in 1942 and first translated into English in 1946.  His other two major novels are The Plague written in 1947 and The Fall written in 1956.  Camus also wrote numerous essays, plays, short stories, and letters that have been published.  He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1957.<br />Among all his works The Stranger remains his best known and most widely read work.  However, it should not be understood as the culmination of Camus' philosophical thought, but rather as a relatively early iteration in its evolution.  Likewise, it is not a definitive presentation of existentialism.  Rather, The Stranger and his other writings represent Camus' particular existential philosophy; and his view sometimes conflicted with those of others, such as Jean Paul Sartre.<br />The Stranger's greatness does not lie in the beauty of its prose or in the vividness of its description; but rather in its superb construction, symbolism, and profound philosophical message.  The novel is tightly crafted, mostly simple in language and sentence structure, sparse in description, and even sparser in the thought and reflection of its characters.  But it does paint a stark picture and creates a disquieting mood in the reader's mind of a world that presses itself into one's senses.  The sun and heat are prevalent symbols in this novel.  They press against the main character, Meursault inescapably, inexorably, yet indifferently.  They symbolize the whole of reality; aspects of which are continually present in our thoughts, feelings, and senses, sometimes pleasantly, sometimes unpleasantly, but always with \\"benign indifference\\" and without meaning.  <br />Meursault is also pressed by people and events that are random, meaningless, and absurd.  And due to his own indifference Meursault rarely acts, instead he reacts to their wishes and to events happening around him.  He even agrees to get married just because his girlfriend asks him in this excerpt:<br />     Marie came that evening and asked me if I'd marry her.  I said I didn't mind; if she was keen on it, we'd get married.<BR>     Then she asked me again if I loved her.  I replied much as before, that her question meant nothing or next to nothing - but I supposed I didn't.<BR>     \\"If that's how you feel,\\" she said, \\"why marry me?\\"<BR>     I explained that it had no importance really, but, if it would give her pleasure, we could get married right away.  I pointed out that, anyhow, the suggestion came from her; as for me, I'd merely said, \\"Yes.\\"<BR>     Then she remarked that marriage was a serious matter.<BR>     To which I answered: \\"No.\\"<br />This is not just empty-headed indifference.  It is indifference with a cause.  If life is meaningless, even worse than that, is absurd, how can a person care about the pointless activities of people?  To ascribe meaning or significance to anything, especially abstract things such as love of another person, is delusion, ignoring the absurdity of life in which death is the only final outcome.<br />Near the end of the novel Meursault is faced with his own impending death; and he hopes, absurdly, for a way to avoid what is unavoidable.  Then when pushed by a priest to turn to God for solace and to save his soul, Meursault, in a fit of anger, has an epiphany.  His thinking crystallizes.  He sees clearly the inexorable yet benign indifference of the world, his own indifference, and his appropriate intimate connection to it.  Thus, he concludes, happily, the way he had lived his life and his view of life are justified and correct.  Unlike the priest, Meursault is deeply connected to this world, to reality, and to the present moment.  He is not living as if already dead, neglecting the present reality while hoping to live in some abstract future afterlife.  Further, abstract ideas and other delusions about reality (e.g. sin, love, etc.) do not determine his choices nor cloud his view of reality.  <br />So, as a result of his epiphany, Meursault is now \\"on the brink of freedom, ready to start life over again\\" in each moment of life remaining.  And when death does come, with its final absurdity, one may assume he just might die with a smile on his face after all.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Again, Linkin Park has drawn great attention to itself--this time with their second mainstream album, Meteora.  After thoroughly listening to the album, I found myself immensely pleased with Linkin Park's latest work.<br />Meteora is, I believe, an improvement over Hybrid Theory.  It still has the same distinctive sound of their 2000 release, but with fresher lyrics and some new bells and whistles.  As a whole, it seems more cohesive; each track follows the same general theme (a plus!) and every song is a pleasure to listen to.  I must admit though, that I was quite skeptical and had significant expectactions for this album.  Meteora has met those expectations.  My skepticism has subsided, and I am left with the pleasure of owning a great new CD.  Besides, it has some really neat art accompanying the lyrics!<br />Overall, Meteora is a very impressive and notable effort by Linkin Park.
B00008H2LB|5.0|this CD has the absolute best linkin park songs in the bands history.
0451527046|4.0|Treasure Island is a good book. The story is interesitng but can get confusing. There are so many twists in the story you never know what is going to happen. If you like adventure you would love this book.
B00005K9LN|5.0|If you have any interest in killer metal/HARD rock, GET IT, ASAP! It's a classic from one of the best heavy metal bands ever! Order up, you'll never regret it, trust me.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Despite all the hype and the cash milking delay of that horrible excuse for a remake ('Reanimation'),I am sad to say it's not justified: Meteora just breeze through upon listening like a dying meteor(a)..Hybrid Theory is far better and fresh sounding while its sucessor sounds stale and formulaic,and that's  after listening to only half of the songs.The track 'Easier to run' sounds not unfamiliar,with hints of 'Crawling' all over the place.Not to mention the first single,no new ground broken with this release.To call them a hip hop band is blasphemy,and the guitar fails to shine this time around.<BR>   Honestly,I myself rushed to buy it as soon as it was release, as I was hyped up by the interviews the band gave,citing this to be \\"their best album, blah blah..\\".So don't repeat mistake,and dont' ever,ever,rush out and buy this album because it's not worth it.
0517118297|4.0|Jane Austen is a classic and yet her novels are read all over the world.  Virginia Woolfe called her the best novelist in the world. She uses real life situations in her book so that everyone may relate to different situations. She uses satirical comedy in these novels also.  Her great sense of humor can be read through each one of her stories. If there were any novel to read, I suggest Pride and Prejudice. She is a wonder of a woman.
B00000055E|5.0|I noticed some of the reviews for this double CD are a little less favorabe. Although I agree it dosent contain the classics like California Love or How Do You Want It, but if what you are looking for workout music, dollar for dollar this CD is the best. You can load this full double cd on your mp3 player and take it to the gym without fluff. This CD may contain less clever home run hooks but it is strong, steady pumping through out.<br />This CD is not the reason all the teenage girls have 2Pac posters up in their beedroom, this is 2Pac's guys night out cd.<br />This is a 5 star CD for the gym, no light weight tunes to skip over on this CD.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Wow this was one of my first owned animes. Everything in this movie is just amazing. First off the animation is top notch. Everything is just so beautifully drawn and colored. The charecters are interesting and you want to know and see more of them. And there is alot of story and a deep plot. It is enough to keep you going through the whole movie. Miyazki and studio Ghibli did a great job on this. I always expect the best from them. This is one of my favorites. I am waiting for Miyazakis next movie named Howls floating castle or something like that.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Has it been that long?  Thirty years from its original release, James Guthrie, a longtime Pink Floyd producer (The Wall (1979) and The Final Cut (1983), takes the original masterpiece (Dark Side of the Moon is Pink Floyd's biggest album, selling more than 15 million in the USA and staying a record 741 weeks on Billboard's Top 200 album chart.), and improves it!!!   The album \\"really lends itself to three-dimensional treatment, but everyone knows the original mix so well. It's indelibly imprinted on our minds,\\" says Guthrie.<BR>This new version plays in high-quality surround sound on systems capable of handling the fledgling Super Audio CD format, as well as in traditional stereo. <BR>Not changed in its melody, lyrics, and instrumentals, this new work of art has been updated by filling the back with atmospherics such as echoes and some sound effects.  With this new version one voice during 'The Great Gig in the Sky' quite surprisingly came out of only the rear left speaker.<BR>The memorable sound effects assault you from all sides, but the music, cleaner and fuller than ever, remains reassuringly in the front speakers.
B00005Y228|5.0|I got this when it was released back in Feb 2002 and I loved it then! It's a great album with a great dance feel. It's disco/dance/pop it's an album that you would dance into the night with songs like &quot;more...&quot; and &quot;love at first sight.&quot;<BR>This is an album that I put in when I'm in a bad mood, I listen to it and life seems lighter and better! I love this album and I guarentee that you will too!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Not a bad CD. I was a big fan of Hybrid Theory and was hoping for something similar to that and I wasn't disappointed. There is a mix of rocken songs like the last CD and some slower songs. My favs are the rocken ones like #2 through #5. But Linkin Park songs are incredibly catchy, so even the slow ones are cool tunes. <br />I'd say if you like Hybrid Theory, go pick this one up!
B00005JKZT|5.0|Best movie ever made.  Brilliant acting, unbelievable score.  I watched it a dozen times.
B00008H2LE|4.0|They done did it again.  MONEY album but its no Hybid Theory or Reanimation
B00004SU5J|5.0|&quot;Tourist&quot; by St Germain is the smoothest of the Euro Techno albums I have found (although I am fairly new to the genre).  The album opening is reminiscent of Brubeck but heads off in a distinctly Techno direction. The vocals are minimal and in English! (The band is billed as French). This music is not necessarily for dancing; much better for listening. Very mellow and romantic.
B00008H2LE|4.0|THEY DONE DID IT AGAIN.  Money album but not up there with Hybrid Theory
B00006CXXU|5.0|Aguilera's second album \\"Stripped\\" is a graphic, touching, and truthful songbook of Christina's life. When I listen to this album, I feel as if I'm having a conversation with Christina herself. Each song is so outstanding and creative. There is not one single dud on this record and I feel Christina will not be able to top this one. Christina is being a lot more real and truthful to us on this album. On her self-titled debut, all of the cheesy songs about crushes and butterflies sounded manufactured, cheesy and phony. Knowing that Christina wrote all but two out of twenty songs on this record, \\"Stripped\\" has proved that Christina is not another clone of Britney (who still after three records, does not write her own music) and is a real artist. <BR>1) Stripped Intro - This starts out the album by addressing us that the following is \\"The Real\\" Christina\\". 10/10<BR>2) Can't Hold Us Down - This a great opening song about women empowerment and is just a great feel-good song. The rap by Lil' Kim fits perfectly. 10/10<BR>3) Walk Away - This is one of my favorites on the album. Christina's vocals are amazing and leave you yearning for more. You can actually sense the pain in Christina's soul in this song. 10/10<BR>4) Fighter - This is going to be the third single and this is another favorite. Christina tests her boundaries and succeeds with this track. The edgy rock feel makes you wanna sing with every lyric. 10/10<BR>5) Primer Amor Interlude - I think that this is kinda dumb and unnecissary. It could have been included in track 6 to make it better. 5/10<BR>6) Infatuation - This is one of the only songs that sounds anything like Christina's previous work. It's very well-done, though and easy to sing with. 9/10<BR>7) Loves Embrace Interlude - Again, pointless and dumb. It could have been included with track 8 and it would have been better. 8/10<BR>8) Loving Me 4 Me - Another favorite. This has a very slow tempo and Christina's vocals are smooth and sleek. 10/10<BR>9) Impossible - Another good track with a complex beat. Written by Alicia Keyes, this is a great song. Again, Christina's voice shines on this one. 9/10<BR>10) Underappreciated - A heavy bass line with a mid-tempo song where Christina sings about a lover who doesn't have that shine anymore. 9/10<BR>11) Beautiful - Another favorite and second single.I absolutely love this song. It is my personal anthem. Being a homosexual myself, this song is empowering and makes me feel great. Whenever you're feeling some self-pity, pop this song in and within the next 3 minutes and 58 seconds, you'll fell great. 10/10<BR>12) Make Over - I like this song a lot. Lots of screaming and energy. 9/10<BR>13) Cruz - This song is okay. Not my favorite, but still good. 8/10<BR>14) Soar - Another great ballad similar to track 11. Another song about being yourself and trusting your gut instinct. 10/10<BR>15) Get Mine Get Yours - Another favorite. This song's subject is casual sex. It's a bit shocking to hear a \\"pop princess\\" singing about such matters. (gasps!) But, nevertheless this song is excellent with Christina's sexy vocals and dance beat. 10/10<BR>16) Dirrty - First single and my favorite. I can never get enough of this song. It is THE guilty pleasure of 2002. I will admit, I dance wildly to this song when I'm alone and this song just makes you feel sexy. 20/10<BR>17) Stripped Pt. 2 - This is a follow up to the intro. She informs us that she's not a virgin or a slut. She's just a normal adult. So leave her (...) alone! 10/10<BR>18) The Voice Within - Another great ballad that is somewhat touching. You have to wonder who this song is about. 9/10<BR>19) I'm OK - This song is so sad and dark. It documents the details of Christina's rocky childhood and will most likely make cause a lump in your throat. Christina's voice cracks in this song, but it's not seen as a mistake, but an artistic vocal. 10/10<BR>20) Keep On Singing My Song - After your little blubber-fest on the previous song, this slow-mid-tempo song will leave you refreshed and smiling. Christina holds a 11 second belt-out in this song and is worth every second of your time. 10/10<BR>As you can see, Christina Aguilera's \\"Stripped\\" takes you through a touching rollercoaster ride through ups and downs, smiles, and tears. I cannot wait for Christina's next project. You go girl!
B00008H2LB|5.0|The pressure of writing a second album is probably the most difficult thing for an artist to accomplish, especially if the first was a major hit.  Linkin Park has defied the odds and without a doubt have written an incredible second album.  It is a blend of Hybrid Theory but with new and dark twists.  Songs like &quot;Faint&quot;, &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;, and &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; show how the gang has evolved deeply in their music.  Fans of Hybrid Theory will definitely love this album.  Meteora may even attract new listeners.  Linkin Park...I take my hat off to you guys because you've done it again.  Congratulations!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park's Meteora surpasses good music...If you thought that Hybrid Theory was awesome just wait till' you hear this one.  This Cd has a great mix rap and Rock to saftisfy anyones needs.  If you liked reanimation alot more then Hybrid Theory, this CD may not be for you, for 1, thiers no extra rappers, and 2, its much Heavier and has less Rap in it.  Anyone who is thinking about buying this cd, should without a doubt get it....you wont regret it!
B00008H2LB|4.0|This title left me wondering when I first heard it. Named after a formation of rocks in Greece, &quot;Meteora&quot; is a wonderful sight to behold... as is this album. This is a big step past &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;, and was worth the wait the fans have gone through in order to get this album in their hands... The album has an edgier feel than Hyrbid Theory and Reanimation. This album is a welcome addition to any fans of rock and hip-hop. This is an amazing album and worth every penny you will pay. Although it isn't related to the music, the 40-page booklet enclosed with this album is absolutely amazing. If you loved Hybrid Theory, you've got to at least check this album out. You will not regret it...
B000002J0B|5.0|Led Zeppelin followed up their classic \\"IV\\" with another instant classic and great fan argument starter. Some insist that \\"Houses\\" is even better than \\"IV.\\" I think both are great disks and worth adding to a collection.<br />The opener, \\"The Song Remains the Same\\" is an invitation to join our heroes on a musical journey. It's pretentious and bombastic, but with fantastic guitar lines by Jimmy Page, galloping bass rhythms and time perfect drumming, along with Plant's famous \\"push, push\\" vocals and some tricks that raise his voice beyond apparent male limitations.<br />\\"The Rain Song\\" is beautiful and atmospheric, with gentle guitars, lush keyboard orchestration by John Paul Jones and some of Bonham's most restrained and subtle drumming. Plant's vocal performance shines.<br />\\"Over the Hills and Far Away\\" has a classic acoustic guitar intro riff, that becomes a twelve-string guitar, and is a standard for young guitarists. This is a song of the journey, and builds into a great rock song from its folky beginning.<br />\\"The Crunge\\" is a funky number with a James Brown twist, very cool drum and basslines, and outstanding Plant vocals with some humor with \\"where's the confounded bridge?\\"<br />\\"Dancing Days\\" is an electric driven classic along the hippy trippy lines of \\"Misty Mountain Hop.\\"<br />\\"D'yer Mak'er\\" features another outstanding drum performance by Bonham and a combination of a fifties love song and reggae heartache.<br />\\"No Quarter\\" brings back some Viking tale lyrics, and is John Paul Jone's tour de force, with dark and haunting keyboard melodies, grand piano solo and synth solo.<br />\\"The Ocean\\" brings us back to a lighter side, with \\"sitting in the sunshine, laughing in the rain\\" and a steady rock beat that transforms to an excellent walking rock groove at the end and brings closure to the disk.<br />This disk is performed, produced and put together well and sets us up for \\"Physical Graffiti.\\"
B000002H97|5.0|Just like every other Metallica album, this cd is awesome.  You cant get much better than Wherever I may Roam or Dont Tread on me.  If you are a first time Metallica listener, get the Black album, Its the best!!!
B00005JLXC|3.0|Daredevil, the first taste of the blitz of comic book adaptation to hit the big screens this year, X-Men 2, Hulk and League of Extraordinary Gentlemen are all on the way.  Of all those four films this was probably the one that I was the least excited about, but still being a die hard comic fan I had to go and catch it on the opening weekend (well here in Australia anyway).<br />I think a lot of the other appraisals here on Amazon pretty many sums up my views on the pros and cons of this movie.  Firstly the story once again sticks pretty close to the actual comic story, which is always a plus for comics fans.  It gives you good grounding on the origins of the characters, well except maybe Elektra's which deviates slightly from the comic book cannon, an understanding of Daredevil's motivations and what drives him to do what he does.  Marvel obviously wants this movie to spin off into a franchise  (Jennifer Garner has already signed on for the Electra sequel) and Daredevil definitely gave you the right mix of satisfying story and unresolved plot lines / opportunities to expand on plot that a believable sequel should be easy to develop.  Just like a good comic book issue / story line this movie's story is very episodic in nature allowing for most of the major players to return in the future.<br />The movie is also peppered with enough comic cameos (Stan Lee & Kevin Smith) and enough name dropping of famous Daredevil creators (Frank Miller, John Romita, David Mack & Joe Quesada) to give comic fans a rye smile.<br />A lot of people have been hard on the dialogue and performances in this film, I can't understand why.  The interaction between Matt Murdoch and Franklin \\"Foggy\\" Nelson has some great moments and really serves as a great counterpoint to dark and moody action sequences dominated by Matt's alter-ego.  Michael Clark Duncan delivers a stylish, imposing and intimidating performance as Kingpin and Colin Farrell brings just the right amount of psycho madman to Bullseye.  And of course Jennifer Garner is perfect as Elektra.<br />Graeme (the Crow) Revell's score really adds great depth and establishes the mood and texture of the film as well.<br />I do agree with some of the criticism about the fight scenes and effects sequences in the film.  There are just too many of them!  How many shots do we need to see of a rainy, gloomy Gothic Hells Kitchen skyline?  When it comes to the fight scenes, there's only so many times you can see some one do a kick flip or some other wire stunt before the novelty wears off.  The action sequences could have had much more impact without all the unnecessary bullet-time effects and snap close ups and tracking shots.<br />Overall this movie is a great high action, \\"dark\\" hero story more in the line of say Blade or The Crow than Xmen or Spiderman but it's still a great piece of escapism if you want an enjoyable, no brain action movie.
B00008H2LB|5.0|i think this cd is going to be in the top 5 selling albums this year, it definitely succeeds the previous album.  Awesome background music and great lyrics.  5 stars for this Kick A@@ band.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This album is as good if not better than hybrid theory.All of the songs rule,with my personal favorite being faint.SO go pik it up u wont regret it.
B000089CJI|4.0|i'm a casual fan of d.c.f.c., but not necessarily electronica/ambient  or whatever you'd call what dntel does. however, this album works wonderfully, in much the same way that the american analog set's 'updates ep' did. i'd say the only real clunker is track 3, which may have some of the goofiest lyrics this side of billy joel's &quot;we didn't start the fire.&quot; other than that, i'd highly recommend it.
B00006LWSF|5.0|Let me start off by saying that Eminem is the best that he has ever been on this soundtrack, while the other songs can disappoint. Let me show you what I mean. For Eminem, his new songs Lose Yourself, 8 Mile, and Rabbit Run are some of the best that he has ever written. They even rank among the likes of The Real Slim Shady, Stan, and The Way I Am. Lose Yourself just even won Best Original Song last night at the Academy Awards. Even for fans of Eminem like me, I think that this was a shocker. Eminem had to compete among other greats in the music business including U2 among others, and he still pulled away the Oscar. This is even more amazing because no fans of him voted, just the Academy of Performing Arts which includes actors, writers, and directors. I was watching the award presentations, and I was very shocked, just as Barbara Sreisand, the presenter, was as well. I thought that he had no chance. There's one more accompishment for this master of music! But my point is on this soundtrack, Eminem does exceptional for even Eminem. I couldn't say that about most of the other songs. D12 and 50 Cent come away with other great songs, especially \\"Wanksta\\" and \\"Places to Go\\" by another great rapper, 50 Cent. Even Taryn Manning made a good contribution with her sexy, seductive vocals on the soundtrack. But as the other artists, which included veterans like Xzibit and Jay-Z, they're songs were very disappointing. I also found the fact that Dr. Dre nor Snoop Dogg performed on the album very disappointing. Then you have the wankstas that can't sing at all. They include Obie Trice, who has a nice beat on \\"Adrenaline Rush\\", but comes away with petrifying vocals to back it up. And Young Zee, well, I just won't get into that. What were the producers smoking on \\"That's My Nigga Fo' Real\\"? They really just aren't good contributions to this otherwise great album. Also, Eminem does a great job with pulling in elements from \\"8 Mile\\" into his songs. Many artists just can't do that. I know that some fans will be disappointed to hear about Jimmy Smith Jr. and other characters from the movie, but what can you do? The album is still a movie soundtrack. \\"8 Mile Original Soundtrack\\" is still better than most soundtracks, but I just wish that all of the songs could have been as good as \\"Lose Yourself\\" and \\"8 Mile\\". Above all, Eminem can pull the album all by himself, so if you like him, then you are 100% guaranteed to find the album somewhat enjoyful and worthy listening to until the next \\"Marshall Mathers LP\\" hits stores!
B00006AW2M|4.0|The Rolling Stones's \\"TSMR\\" is unlike anything else in their catalog, full of experimentation, psychedelia, and strangeness that don't really suit the band.  I always think of this album as being Brian Jones' last hurrah; he was the most gifted musically of the Stones, but he never blossomed compositionally.  Here, he gives flight to some interesting music apart from the songs.  The utter disorganization of the album shows in the names \\"Gompers\\" and repetitive titles \\"2000 Man,\\" and \\"2000 Light Years From Home.\\"<br />The Beatles' work always had a non-blues base that allowed them to experiment more than the Stones, and on TSMR, this shows. The Stones' strengths were in taking the blues and R & B sound to a higher level, not in erasing the playing field completely. In the context of their later masterpieces like \\"Let it Bleed,\\" and \\"Beggars Banquet,\\" this album pales.<br />Everyone agrees on the high points: She's a Rainbow, and 2000 Light Years From Home, but I like the instrumental stuff too.<br />Where the Stones experimented best is with themselves; this ought to have been Exile on Main Street part I, but the unhealthy competetion between the Beatles, Stones, and Beach Boys demand they answer the juggernaut of \\"SGT Pepper,\\"  with their own Summer of Love happening. The creative intertia is apparent: they even chose the same artist as the Beatles to do the cover.<br />I love this album, but it's not too Stone-like.  It's more like a second-division Pink Floyd.  Dare I say that the producer they needed for this was George Martin? They copped the wrong artists from the Fab Four.<br />A piece of history, a dead end, but not a disaster.
B00008H2LB|3.0|There are a couple songs i like on this cd such as  figure 0.9, dont stay, nobody's listening, and somewhere i belong, but when you compare this album to hybrid theory, it doesn't even come close. Hybrid Theory in my opinion was one of the best albums ever. Every song on Hybrid Theory was capable of being a top single. This cd had an exceptional number of good songs (4), which is why i gave it three stars and not one or two. Is it worth buying? If your a linkin park fan like myself, then yes.
B00008H2LB|5.0|No surprises, just a logical continuation/sequel/progression from Hybrid Theory. Just about every song is instantly catchy. You'll be singing along with the choruses the second time through.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I bought this album today and I still have to listen to it but I think it`s great! It has some realy great tracks -) first single - Somewhere I belong (You heard it, right?), Don`t stay (great opening track), Lying from you, Easier to run, Faint (my favourite)... and so on. If you like Hybrid Theory you`ll like this album as well cuz it simply rocks!
B00008H2LB|5.0|With the follow up to their smash major label debut, Linkin Park delivers once again with &quot;Meteora&quot;.  With more of an electric sound than its predecessor, &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;, &quot;Meteora&quot; blends Chester's smooth voice, Mike's hard hitting vocal style, and the musical talents of the band into something altogether astounding.  Highlights include the first single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, &quot;Numb&quot;, and &quot;Easier to Run&quot;, but the entire album is catchy yet dark, which makes for easy repeat playing in your car CD player.  In other words, GET.IT.Now.
B0000797IO|5.0|Anyone that rates this movie less than 4 stars simply doesn't \\"get\\" the movie.  Or the characters either, to paraphrase a bit from the film.  This movie is all about choices, both good and bad and the repercussions of those choices.  Choosing to rate this film poorly because Jennifer isn't like she is on Friends or because the film is \\"slow\\" or \\"dark\\" isn't the wrong choice but it does indicate the basic misunderstanding of independent film and why actors and actresses want to move away from the roles they are best known for.  Anyone that chooses to rate this film poorly is stuck in a rut much the same as Christine is in the film.  Watch it and you will know what I mean......
B000002AP1|5.0|This a one of a kind album. The RAW hard rock/punk played at high volumes is enough to make any fan of rock or punk satisfied. This is one of the best proto punk albums if not the best period. I love it, no matter how low you turn the volume its still loud and powerful. Iggy is and was one of the best performers and rockers alive!!
0312305060|4.0|Not a clue do I know about this book until I see the movie trailer with Meryl Streep playing Mrs. Dalloway. Oh yes, she can be such a driving force to me-to actually swing by the bookstore out of the way home and pick up a copy of The Hours. In fact Meryl Streep is mentioned in passing at the beginning of the book. The Hours is a novel about three women at different times of the twentieth century whose lives share a common thread: the novel Mrs. Dalloway. Virginia Woolf is fictionized here as she and her husband Leonard are recuperating at the Hogarth House in 1923. Woolf just commences writing Mrs. Dalloway. Toward the end of the 20th century, in New York City, Clarissa Vaughan is a 52-year-old lesbian mother and poetry editor who is preparing a party for a poet dying from AIDS. She has been Richard's lifelong friend and caregiver and whom the poet addresses her as Mrs. D (for Dalloway). Finally during the 1950s, Laura Brown, mother of a 3-year-old son, finds herself pregnant again and feels tired of her perfect marriage life. She harbors lesbian inclination toward her neighbor and only wants to read in bed all day. Like Clarissa, Laura is preparing a birthday dinner for her husband Dan. As the events of each of these women unfold, you will find that the book culminates to a single surrealistic event that you will ask yourself, 'why didn't I think of that?' This is where all three women's lives converge.<br />The book is relatively uneventful (if you discount the final convergence of all three women) and especially so for Clarissa's part, which spans less than 24 hours. I find the book very creative and interesting. I only recall a recent release that uses the Tiananmen massacre as a backdrop to link together the threads of two brothers. The way Cunningham works these stories and intertwines them simply enthralls me. One interesting thing about the book is I don't feel emotionally stirred by it after I put it down. I'm somewhat shocked by the ending which pieces all three lives together but I'm not moved. (I wonder why?) I feel like I don't know these people though I have read their stories. Cunningham doesn't invest much in developing his characters' humane but simply telling the story. The book is filled with contrived overtones--even in Cunningham's own words--that \\"our lives seem, against all odds and expectations, to burst open and give us everything we've ever imagined\\" and hours will be followed by hours, far darker and difficult. The Hours is a page-turner: it will so much quicker than you want it to. Cunningham's prose is crisp and tart, but can be overwhelming in length:<br />\\"It seems that she can survive, she can prosper, if she has London around her; if she disappears for a while into the enormity of it, brash and brazen now under a sky empty of threat, all the uncurtained windows (here a woman's grave profile, there the crown of a carved chair), the traffic, men and women going lightly by in evening clothes; the smells of wax and gasoline, of perfume, as someone, somewhere (on one of these broad avenues, in one of these white, porticoed houses), plays a piano; as horns bleat and dogs bay, as the whole raucous carnival turns and turns, blazing, shimmering; as Big Ben strikes the hours, which fall in leaden circles over the partygoers and the omnibuses, over stone Queen Victoria seated before the Palace on her shelves of germaniums, over the parks that lie sunken in their shadowed solemnity behind black iron fences.\\" <br />A whopping 150-word sentence! The prose is so rich in dazzling details that I have to backtrek from time to time and figure out what Cunningham is trying to say. I guess this is what I enjoy the most in this reading experience. Finally Cunningham's empathy for Virginia Woolf leave a thirst in me for more of her work. 4.0 stars.
B00005UEAR|2.0|What else can I say? This is not the Dream Theater I once knew.<BR>Thought I wasted my money but I hope it goes towards brighter Dreams.
B000000H57|4.0|October rust is definitely Type o's most eclectic record (as stated by a fellow reviewer), the songs are full of melodies but at the same time, the whole record is continually dark, which pretty much is what Type O Negative is all about. Each song is very original and most are very good. There are only about 2 songs on this record I'm not crazy about, but when you're talking about a 12 track record, that's pretty good. Despite what seems to be everyone else's opinion about &quot;My Girlfriends Girlfriend&quot; and &quot;Cinammon Girl&quot;, which they seem to love, these were the 2 songs I didn't care for on this record. They just felt too retro in my opinion, it was almost like I was listening to The Doors with Type O's Peter as singing frontman. It wasn't really my taste and I found the songs rather boring trying to be open to them. The final track &quot;Haunted&quot; was an OK song, but still nothing worth hitting the repeat button for.<br />Everything else though was GREAT. What you really have to do is listen to everything with your eyes closed, it's the type of great music you would hear in a dark fantasy movie, or great music you'd listen to when reading your favorite fantasy novel. The melodies on this one really open up the imagination. So if you're just getting into this band, THIS is the record to start with, I would put their latest record &quot;World Coming Down&quot; as the second record you'd buy if you were just getting into this band. What I suggest though is patience. Some songs on this are kind of long (about 7-8 minutes in length) so if you think you don't like them upon the discs first spin, give it another try, you'll appreciate you did, I guarantee it.
0380789019|4.0|Neil Gaiman's NEVERWHERE is a thrilling look at what life might be like thriving under the streets of London. His hapless hero is stuck in a boring job, pushed around by a maneuvering girlfriend and well on his way to a do-nothing life when he makes a decision to help a homeless girl. Then, he's whooshed off into another, subterranean world.<br />  It's a pretty nasty place, filled with ruthless criminals, dripping dirty water, sewer rats and all the rest. But it's also a world in which compassion and soul are worthy traits.<br />  Gaiman does a lovely job of creating Dickensian characters, which further display the lackluster quality of current London life.<br />  The ending is a tease, but still satisfying in its own way. NEVERWHERE is a wonderful prelude to Gaiman's better work, AMERICAN GODS.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Fresh great sound continues from thier hybrid-theory cd.mike Shinoda is actually the best part of this group with his lead\backup vocals........
B00005JLSC|5.0|It is nice from time to time, see Hollywood trying again for dreaming. This movie takes you to a world of fantasy and pleasure. The truly domain of movie makers as dream makers. Plus, a touch of 30s glamour with good music and dancing. Chicago is, after all, a nice mild of Bob-Fose & golden Broadway s squeezed on a film format. History environment and dilemmas of justice system  are just marginal notes.  Likely, personal acting of Richard Gere is limited to dancing and showing all but the show, not himself nor the insight of his character. Great job of Rene Zellweger who looks beautiful and dances better, and also of Catherine Zeta Jones who, despite Oscar-award, should have share laurels. However, a special note shall be made on Queen Latifah, dancing and singing with sexy, well tuned  and plenty of  swing style: simply unforgettable. If you wish to have a good time, do not wait.
B00005U122|5.0|I have been to the Roger Waters concert at the Bellville Velodrome in South Africa.  My opinion still is that Roger Waters WAS Pink Floyd. All the Floyd classics that HE WROTE, come to their real value in this concert. The DVD captures so much emotion and musical excellence - it is unbelievable to think that I experienced exactly the same atmosphere as on the DVD. The quality of the concert is also of highest quality.  According to internet sources The Wall Live In Berlin DVD will be released in April 2003.  That is another great release to look forward to.  Get this DVD!  Pink Floyd will never be the same without Roger Waters!
B00003CXCT|5.0|Lucas said THEY WILL NEVER RELEASE A NEW HOPE, THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, OR RETURN OF THE JEDI ON DVD. THAT IS THE STUPIDEST THING I'VE HEARD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE BUT GEORGE LUCAS SAYS WHAT GOES! Buy em on Ebay! Thats the only way you'll ever watch em on DVD anyway     GOOD LUCK         FORCE BE WITH ALL OF YOU
0385484518|5.0|I read this book in the subway on the way to office and back to home, which means I spent about 40 minutes a day. I realized that I was enjoying the extra time which I just wasted out normally. It took a week for the completion of reading.  <br />Actually this book came to me by change, and I was reluctant to read it. However, as the reading was going on, I love this book which gave me a chance to re-think about my life and what is important in my life. Some people, stuck in making money only, should read this book and have a great chance to meet a new life where is full of love and peace. The most impressive aphorism to me, \\"LOVE wins. LOVE always wins.\\"
B000002TQV|5.0|When I first heard this album I was a little dismissive, it seemed too complicated and melodic for my taste. By chance I decided to give it a second listen about a year after I purchased it. It turned out to be a wise whimsical decision on my part. After hearing the masterful \\"OK Computer,\\" I should have expected it to have been no less a work of art, I couldn't have been further from being incorrect.<br />The first track on the album, Planet Telex starts off with a creepy sort of distortional pattern that leaves you feeling chills, which isn't a bad thing because music is supposed to invoke a feeling and a mood, what you're interested in when you grow fond of a particular band is the mood that they put you in. The Radiohead - Bends' mood is an intellectual yet melancholy mood. After listening for the first 15 minutes you grow detatched from everything around you, temporarily and sink into the music feeling every nuance of artistic expression that lead singer Thom Yorke conveys with his seraphic voice, the triple-guitar synergy and pulse-pounding percussionism.<br />\\"High and Dry,\\" probably the most popular song on the album, is also the most superficial. It's a funny little ditty about daredevils and it really has no consequence or meaning whatsoever, contrary to the rest of the album. \\"Fake Plastic Trees,\\" Also accessible on the \\"Clueless\\" Soundtrack, seems to be about plastic surgery and the mass-production of the accepted ideal of 'beauty.' Upon listening to it, it's easy to really feel negatively about those things, it's a real travesty that people are so obsessed with that same image... And that's exactly, I think, the image that Thom Yorke is trying to get across. But I digress, the point of it is that he expresses his images with such stunning metaphors it is almost as though he paints a visual interpretation of his meaning in your mind.<br />The album sweeps seamlessly from and through emotion after emotion until the very end, when you become captivated bythe hopelessness and emptiness of the final track - \\"Street Spirit(Fade Out)\\" A masterpiece in its own right. Upon sitting down and reflecting upon the meaning of the song itself you wonder how Thom Yorke could have even written something so hopeless and debauched of all feeling. Even the ending lyrics, \\"Immerse your soul in love.\\" seem to be more of a bitter warning than a compassionate advisement.<br />Every song on the album is pleasurable and if you give the album a couple of listens to let it grow on you, there isn't a possibility of you regretting the purchase. Even if your taste is the opposite of the melodic, smooth, beauty of his soft-spoken voice and self-depreciating lyrics of Thom Yorke and Radiohead.<br />If I were to compare this album to anything, it would be Dante's Inferno. It visually paints a portrait of previously unexplored terrain with the most wholly remarkable metaphors, verbal pocket play, and a razor-sharp wit that is so rare to see in modern musicians.<br />I definitely recommend this, and every other Radiohead album with the exception of Pablo Honey, which was made before they really found their niche, to anybody and everybody. I sincerely believe that there isn't a person in the world who couldn't grow to love it with a few listens.
B000089RVX|5.0|Fallen the debut album by Evanescence is a rare, and beautiful thing . It blends a hard rock sound with a Gorgeous voice and meaningful lyrics while never becoming aggrivating or becoming old no matter how many times through the cd.<br /> Bring me to life has been played over and over , and over. and yet I never fail to turn it up every time I hear it. Every track on this cd is solid , of all the cds I have ever bought because I lilked the single this is by far the best.<br />  If this is shut out of the Grammy bids for best album the system blows. <br />1. Going Under - 5/5 - Beautiful Hard rock. Amazing<br />2. Bring me to life - 5/5 , This is one of the great songs in history, it has had more airplay than any song of 2003 worldwide.<br />3. Everybodys' fool - 5/5 , Brilliant , great lyricism.<br />4. My immortal - 5/5 , Beautiful slow song , what a voice. The Classical feel is refreshing<br />5. Haunted - 4/5 , good song kind of eerie , but what a voice !<br />6. Tourniquet - 4&1/2 /5 - guitars a little weak on this track, great vocals , very relatable to a lot of people.<br />7. Imaginary - 5/5 - Great song. Poetic , pretty, driving vocals, I love it<br />8. Taking over me - 5/5 - Maybe the best track on the cd. The lyrics and driving guitars are phenomenal<br />9. Hello - 4/5 , Solid track, good change of pace<br />10. My last breath .- 5/5 - very good song , amazing vocals , great feel<br />11. Whisper - 4/5 , Good closer. instrumentally the weakest on the cd, I have no real complaints about the song though<br />This cd is truly amazing , it recieves my absolute highest of recomendations . Fallen is absolutely the best album I own. it is August now and this cd has been played daily since I bought it in early March.<BR>  <BR> ps.   everyone saying evanescence is not talented, the record sales don't lie.  Fallen is consistently in the top 20 and 10 and has not fallen off, and won't anytime soon.
B00008H2LE|4.0|Linkin Park is not made of fools; Hybrid Theory was the best-selling CD a couple years ago, and they decided to stick with their tried-and-true method of a mixture of rock/metal and rap.  While it doesn't quite reach the same level that Hybrid Theory was at, Meteora is still quite an enjoyable album.  The album starts off strong, but the middle seems to get lost in a flurry of similarly-played guitars and vocals.  There are tracks that stand out that push this album above others in its genre: the first single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; has beautiful and haunting background in it; &quot;Numb&quot; and &quot;Don't Stay&quot; are other similarly great anthems.  &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; employs an interesting Japanese flute motif in the background, somewhat reminiscent of the going-out-on-a-limb song &quot;Aqueous Transmission&quot; on Incubus' Morning View.<br />Overall, Meteora fits well into Linkin Park's repertoire of songs, following past formulas for success but in the end, coming out as a great heavy rock/rap able to stand on its own feet.
B00007E8V4|5.0|Yes this album is different to their others, seeming it is not as dark as their others, and less but still great. Heres just a run down on each track.<br />1.CHIC N STU: One of the heaviest songs on the album talking about advertising causing therapy. Great song to start the album. 9/10<br />2.INNERVISION: a bit unoriginal for soad, great guitar riffs, and should be a single if there will be a single from this album. 9/10<br />3.BUBBLES: a fast paced song talking about power struggle. Great song. 9/10<br />4.BOOM: a very political song on this album. I like it how at first you hear serj talking and then you hear the chorus. Excellent dark song. I like the vocals aswell. 10/10<br />5.NUGUNS: i don't like this song. Serj sounds a bit [soft] in this song, but the guitar riffs make up for it. 6/10<br />6.A.D.D: one of my favourite songs on this album. I think this is the darkest song on the album. I like the bit where Serj says \\"we fought your wars with all our hearts\\". A very excellent dark song like BOOM. 10/10<br />7.MR JACK: this is the most liked song on the album. This song kind of remindes me of their earlier song spiders. Any way great song. If im correct i think this song is talking about police abusing people for driving unsafely or something like that. 10/10<br />8.IEAIAEO: a fast paced song with a nice beat. This is another song thats liked alot by people. This song is Serj at his fastest at talking. 10/10<br />9.36: goes for less for 40 to 50 secondes, nothing special, basically just a song with yelling over loud guitar riffs. 6/10<br />10.PICTURE: Excellent guitar riffs, not bad singing, a little unoriginal for system of a down but not bad otherwise. 9/10<br />11.HIGHWAY SONG: a slow song, not bad. I think i prefer their more dark politic songs though but any way great song. 8/10<br />12.F**K THE SYSTEM: really hardcorish song on the album, though yes it is hard to understand what he is saying like many reviewers have said. Otherwise not bad. This song kind of remindes me of their earlier work. 9/10<br />13.EGO BRAIN: a very acoustic song that kind of settles me down after listening to F**K THE SYSTEM. Any way all in all great song, one of my favourite acoustic songs by them. 10/10<br />14.THETAWAVES: this is the most fast paced song on the album. This is another disliked song on the album after NUGUNS by their fans. 7/10<br />15.ROULETTE: the most acoustic song on the album. All in all a nice poem. 8/10<br />16.STREAMLINE: a song of the scorpion king soundtrack, use to be my favourite song. Any way good song with nice vocals. This song is kind of dark as well. The vocals really help make it a dark song. Great way to end the cd. 10/10<br />All in all GO GET THIS CD!
B0000797IO|5.0|Jennifer Aniston and Jake Gyllenhaal were amazing on screen together. Aniston's performance was her best to date (hope she does more indy roles). I was suprized by the ending but thought it fit well with the over-all mood.<br />=^..^=
B00005Y6YB|5.0|The greatest gift of this 1992 masterpiece made for television series is the development of the relationships of the main characters.  They did a superior job in casting Tommy Lee Jones, Robert Duval, Diane Lane, Danny Glover and Robert Urich in the lead roles.  I don't even like Anjelica Huston but in this movie she is great. The dialogue is clever, insightful and reveals the pioneer way of life. You truly fall for the characters in this heart-felt western drama.  And don't forget Rick Shroeder!  I have watched Lonesome Dove more times than I can count and now need a DVD version. Enjoy!
B00005JLSE|5.0|I'll make this brief:  Yeah, it deserved all the academy awards it won.  Catherine Zeta Jones is more brilliant as an actress and dancer than she is sexy in this film.  The direction is immaculate.  Richard Gere is compassionate and great in a perfect against type role for him. Rene Zellweger is magnificent.  And Queen Latifa unexpectedly steals almost every scene she's in.<br />Oh yeah, and the music, dancers and choreography...are out of this world.<br />Welcome back movie musical; welcome home.
B00006V9A0|4.0|First of all, I purchased this DVD used to prevent Courtney from getting any of my money. Initially I bought the disk just to have the unreleased recording, \\"You Know You're Right\\". I then decided to listen to the rest with an open mind, having not heard Nirvana in quite a while. I found the mix of songs to be a good cross section of Nirvana. While I'll always reccomend \\"Nevermind\\" as a first Nirvana album for the novice, this cd would not be a bad choice either as it covers the wide range of music that this band spewed out. Get it together Courtney Murderer, you know we're right!!!
B00006RCNW|5.0|Fantastic TV show from top to bottom. I first became interested in this when I heard that Michael Chiklis had won the Golden Globe - anyone beating Pres Bartlett and Tony Soprano to an award had to be from a helluva show! Here in the UK we have never heard of the Shield, and after reading a few online reviews, I dived right in and bought the box set. And I'm sure glad I did. Corrupt Strike Team leader Mackey is the show's dark, fiery heart, and you can't help rooting for Vic as he takes on the bad guys and fights off the do-gooders in the LAPD, even though we know he's no angel himself. High end production values, super-realistic violence, outstanding acting performances all round in a very well fleshed out cast (no dead wood on the screen, ever.) and totally intriguing plot lines make this riveting viewing from Ep1 right through to the end of season finale. Its gonna be a long time until Season 2 comes out on DVD!!!
1565847032|4.0|Colllection of Chomsky's musings on a wide range of topics from  intellectual fraud to globalisation,the environment to US foriegn policy. Like 9/11, Understanding Power is very accessible as it is grafted from discussion and thus loses much of the scholarly \\"fat\\" that tends to burden much of Chomsky's written work. Unlike 9/11, this work sees Chomsky challenged fairly rigorously and forces him to defend his opinion rather than just promote it. Fortunately he does so emphatically and Understanding Power is further proof that Chomsky is the most honest and precise intellectual alive today.
B00008H2LB|4.0|If you liked Hybrid Theory, chances are you'll like Meteora.  Most of the tracks on the album display Linkin Park's signature style, which is hard hitting Nu Metal.  Chester Bennington finds new ways to abuse his vocal chords while Mike Shinoda rips through the beats with his catchy flows.  As usual, the guitars are thick and heavy, and Joe Hahn's scratching gives the music an extra edge.<br />I must admit, the first time I heard the album, I wasn't that impressed.  Maybe it's because I think the first track &quot;Don't Stay&quot; is the best one on the album. (&quot;Foreword&quot; doesn't count as a song)  This song opens the album up in a major way; it only takes 30 seconds for Chester to break out with his mind-numbing screams.  The aggressive riffing and vocals in this track give the listener little time to rest.  Instead, one is inclined to start moshing and/or breaking things.  It definitely sets very high standards for the rest of the album.<br />The next track is the first radio single: &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;.  Anyone who is interested in Linkin Park has heard this song a million times by now, so there's not much to say.  It's more of a calmer song for people who don't enjoy the grating screams, but want a moderately heavy offering.<br />The next two songs, &quot;Lying From You&quot; and &quot;Hit the Floor&quot; start picking up the pace again.  Both songs start off with some innocent instrumentation, but are quickly overwhelmed by ear-crunching chords.  Chester and Mike trade off on the aural onslaught, and sometimes collaborate in a double attack.  My favorite part is in the middle of &quot;Lying From You&quot; (around the 2 minute mark) where Mike is rapping amidst Chester's incomprehensible screaming.<br />&quot;Easier to Run&quot; is a breather song intended for those who have not had much training in listening to a metal album.  This track gives your ears a chance to stop bleeding and recuperate.  I personally believe in the saying, &quot;theharder, the better&quot;, so I usually skip this track.  <br />&quot;Faint&quot; and &quot;Figure.09&quot; resume the program where it left off.  Both are great tracks that again showcase the versatility of Chester and Mike.  &quot;Faint&quot; has a very methodical section near the middle of the song which reminded me of Ministry's &quot;N.W.O.&quot;  A nice touch, in my opinion.<br />&quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; is the second mellow song that focuses on Chester's cleaner sounding vocals.  *Yawn*<br />&quot;From the Inside&quot; is a pretty melodic song that progressively builds intensity.  I would say this is my second favorite song on the album.  <br />The rest of the album is just filler. &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; is a pretty bad track.  &quot;Session&quot; is just an instrumental following in the tradition of Hybrid Theory's &quot;A Cure For The Itch&quot;.  It's good for an instrumental, but if I wanted to listen to electronic music, I'd go buy some Paul Oakenfold or Paul Van Dyk.  &quot;Numb&quot; is just an average song, but is an appropriate finisher.<br />What I like about this album is that most of the tracks are pretty distinct.  The problem with a lot of Nu Metal bands is that their songs usually end up blending together and sounding all the same.  Granted, there are plenty of Linkin Park songs that sound similar, but I think the instrumentation, mixing, and different combinations of vocals allow most Linkin Park tracks to stand out from the rest while maintaining their trademark sound.  They're definitely my favorite Nu Metal band.<br />This album will probably not be regarded as highly as &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;, but I think it has some very memorable tracks as well as new ideas that show that Linkin Park isn't just a one-album wonder.
B000002ITW|4.0|This double disc is everything that was right about CSNY and everything that was wrong. In fact, what this demonstartes beyond a show of a doubt is that the creative effort here was driven by Crosby and Young. Nash played the part of Crosby's buddy, and played it better than anyone could imagine, especially given what was to come in their relationship. Stills and Young were locked in a control battle: 2 egos who could never find a way to work with each other without pissin on each other and anyone else within range. Stills is over the top all the way through this CD and when I listen back I am embarrassed for him. What a pompous jerk he is. And his own negative cult of personality would hereafter get firmly in the way of his writing skills.<BR>Young was extraordinarily spooky at this point in his career. He knew and exploited the fact that he was the edge for these guys. And he exploits it with extremely black humour and devastating pathos in his acoustic numbers. By the time things get electric, he was provoking Stills and playing him like a child with Spartan electric statements that Stills would answer with tedious elongated and uninspired jams.<BR>Crosby was the msytic in all of this. Be it happy hedonist or solitary stargazer, Crosby was in a very different spiritual place than his mates, and his msuic, his lyrics and his approach to life and love set him apart from the ego fracass.<BR>So, in reality, the acoustic set here is the keeper, the electric set a mess, except Cros's wonderful &quot;Wooden Ships.&quot; This was an essentail LIVE document way back when. The acoustic stuff still is.
6302158095|5.0|I originally thought this was a documentary. The opening shot is in live action, an orchestra pit slowly fills with musicians, and there's an on-camera host who actually *tells* you that this is going to be a concert- and you realize that nothing could possibly be more boring. Then you begin to see the accompanying animation, and you're taken somewhere else. And that's the beauty and the magic of \\"Fantasia.\\" Made over sixty years ago, it still thrills, moves, and dazzles. The eight animation sequences are vastly different from each other and not all generate the same excitement (the 'Rite of Spring' pageant is a rather cold lesson in palentology; the Beethoven 'Pastoral Symphony' is stirring in music but overly dainty in its imagery), but the film leaves you breathless when all ends. The first sequence to Bach's 'Toccata & Fugue' is more abstract than concrete animation, but it gets the film off to a good start. The sequences to 'The Nutcracker,' 'The Sorcerer's Apprentice,' and 'Dance of the Hours' are just right- the latter being absolutely hilarious. The best moment is the dual finale of 'Night on Bald Mountain' and 'Ave Maria.' I always thought this sequence was telling the story of Halloween- followed with a 6:00 AM dawn of All Saint's Day. The images of the nuns walking through the cathedral-shaped forest of redwoods are a thing of sublime beauty not matched anywhere else in the movie. That last sequence hushed the entire theatre audience. Like a surreal dream.
B000089RVX|5.0|I had first heard the song Bring Me To Life because it was WWE's theme song for their latest Pay-Per-View, No Way Out.  I liked the song so much, I bought the CD on a whim.  I am so happy that I did.  As soon as the first song played, I knew that this CD was about to become one of my favorites.  I play it so much, my friends are sick of it.  Amy Lee has a great voice, which sounds amazing with the music stlye the band uses.  I can't wait until Evanescence puts out another CD.
B000002P5W|5.0|Hendrix is one of the few artists that people can argue forver about what is his finest work.  I always say Axis:Bold As Love is his best album because of it's diversity.  'Spanish Castle Magic' kicks [butt] much.. as any heavy-metal song out there, 'Wait Until Tomorrow' tells a great story of a young boy trying to get the girl.'Castles made of sand' and 'one rainy wish' are two of the greatest ballads Hendrix ever recorded.  The final track, 'Bold As Love' is in my opinion one of the greatest rock songs ever...period.  It's the perfect song to sum up everything great about hendrix.  It has a great chord melody, soulful, visual lyrics, and a kick ... guitar solo.....this album rules, buy it.
B00008LOS1|5.0|If any album ever deserved a Deluxe Edition, &quot;Who's Next&quot; is it.  I would put very few ahead of it in a list of the greatest rock albums in history.  Just about every song is a classic.  Some deluxe editions like this tend to have complete track-for-track alternate versions.  This expanded Who's Next&quot; has a few alternate takes, but the primary bonus is an entire concert from that era, &quot;Live At The Vic,&quot; from April 1971 (all previously unissued except 2 cuts).  It's a good recording and the band is in excellent form throughout the 14 songs.<br />The many pleasures offered by the original album are still present -- Townshend's stratospheric electric guitar lines, Daltrey's impassioned vocals, Entwistle's booming, sinewy bass, and Moon's unrestrained drum bashing.  Plus those magnificent tunes!  For those who enjoy the brief sonic blast of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; that plays with the opening credits of &quot;C.S.I Miami,&quot; you really ought to hear the whole thing.
B00006M183|5.0|I purchased this album after hearing 'I am mine' and 'love boat captain' endlessly on the radio. I bought it and was extremly impressed. No filler here, just good ol' rock n' roll. Finally (after many years) it seems Pearl Jam are going to get the credit they deserve with both airplay and a ~GREAT~ album.
B00005YUNY|4.0|Much of what I thought about this DVD was covered in the other reviews. Definitely a \\"must-have\\", worth the money, but don't expect performances that rival the intensity of the album versions. I was especially surprised at the half-tempo intro to \\"Close to the Edge\\". Clearly, Howe can still perform at the original tempo, perhaps it was slowed to keep the orchestra in sync and for clarity, but it lost much of the impact of the album version. I thought Jon's singing was excellent, and White and Squire put in good performances. Howe had his moments, he still has plenty of chops, but he never had decent tone, and it's worse than ever on this DVD. I had to laugh at his comment on the documentary where he expresses joy at being the only guitarist on this album so that he can his express his unique approach. True, he's a pioneer and is immediately distinguishable, but it' wouldn't hurt him if he didn't sound like he was playing a [cheap] Silvertone guitar through a $30 pawn-shop amplifier :-). Maybe he should take some tips from those other guitarists he was forced to share the limelight with on recent Yes albums.
B00006M183|5.0|This is a great album. Good/Great tracks are: Save You (single), I am Mine (Single), Love Boat Captain (single and best ever pearl jam song), thumbing my way, get right and green disease. One of the better albums of recent rock history. Undeniably a 5 star effort! <br />I like their style,not selling  out and still at the forefront of rock music (more-so than Creed!). THEY DONT PLAY CREED IN PUBS FOR A REASON!
B00008HCCF|5.0|I am so glad I bought this DVD.  After reading some of the reviews, I wasn't sure.  It just proves that you can't trust everyone's opinions here at Amazon!<br />If you are an audiophile, this DVD is of exceptional quality.  The audio mix is stellar!  The room ambiance as well as the instrumental mix are so well done.  It really pulls you in and makes you feel like you are there experiencing it live.  For a Dolby Digital 5.1 mix (vs. DTS) I was really surprised at how great it sounded.  The vocals and instruments are in perfect proportion to one another. And unlike some other recent live recordings put out on DVD (ahem..Dixie Chicks) this recording is NOT overly bright or harsh.  For the audio alone, this disc is worth the price of admission.  Great demo DVD (if you have a sweet audio setup).<br />Next if you are a true musician you will appreciate the wonderful display of talent.  Norah is not just a great singer. She plays the piano with such great style and technique, always matching her vocal cues and the rest of the band.  The drummer must be some awesome \\"studio cat\\" because he oozes technique as well...playing with mallets, brushes, sticks and even his hands.  He was so cool to watch.  Every nuance of his playing coming through and perfectly accenting the rest of the music.  Skilled and tasteful musicianship.<br />If you are into the 80's big hair and pyrotechnics rock show...and lack any real musical taste, you won't appreciate this DVD.  Norah doesn't put on a \\"show\\" by jumping around or pumping up the crowd.  She really doesn't even talk much.  Personally, that's O.K. with me...as long as the music speaks for itself.  In this case, it DOES...and how.<br />Only REAL Musicians and Audiophiles Need Apply.
6304806418|3.0|Alan Parker's \\"Evita\\" stirred up a heap of controversy in Argentina where it seems the population wasn't exactly keen on having their former first lady represented in the embodiment of an American pop star (Madonna).  No one could have done the role more justice.  Together with Antonio Bandaras and Jonathan Price, the screen ignites with hot music, cool numbers and \\"that little something extra\\".  A new song, 'You Must Love Me' that Madonna wrote really gives the film a shot in the arm during its second half.<BR>Unfortunately, the transfer of this film is just bare bones and a shade above my usual vote for \\"bad\\".  Though widescreen, this movie is not enhanced for 16X9 televisions.  Aliasing, shimmering and edge enhancement are present throughout.  Colors are slightly muddy and darker scenes really suffer from a loss of fine detail.  The 5.1 audio is explosive, giving full range to Andrew Lloyd Webber's classy classic score.  WARNING: This is not a Hollywood musical - it's a rock opera.  In other words very little is said on the screen that is not accompanied by a full orchestra arrangement.  If this is your cup of tea than Madonna does Eva Peron proud.  She looks, acts and sings the part to perfection.  There are no extra features on this disc!
0767800958|4.0|As a movie, it's good but not SO good. But I found it worthwhile to buy if you enjoy learning from The Tango Fundamentals - Vol. 3. A lot of clips in the movie applied the Tango Fundamentals to various basic combinations which would complete your dance lesson in a very practical way.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Great CD! Heres my raitings of the songs:<br />Foreword - Great song to start this album, though its only instrumental, it has a great melody. Violins are used to make this. Then it gets more technoish towards the middle of the song. They did a good job putting this song together. I'll give this song a 4/5<br />Don't Stay - Great song, very emotional, this is one of the \\"Metal\\" tracks on the CD, this is actually one of my favorite ones. Love the chours in this \\"Don't stay, forget our memorys, forget our possibilities, what you were changing me into, just give me myself back and don't stay, forget our memorys, forget our possibilities, take all your faithlessness with you, give me myself back and don't stay.\\" I'll give this song a 4.5/5<br />Somewhere I Belong - Of course, you've all heard it before, but I actually find it to be a let down to this album... Dunno why, maybe I've heard it too much or something, Chesters voice isn't that good in this song either. I dunno, but I'd give it a 2.5/5<br />Lying From You - Pretty weird intro, sounds like an intro to a rap song, but then all of a sudden the guitars and drums come on and it gets heavy. Then it goes into Mike w/ his raps and Chester w/ his great vocals. I also love the beat of this song. The chorus goes \\"And now you really think this person is me, and I'm trying to bend the truth, but the more I push the more I'm pulled in the wake, because I'm lying away from you, no, no turning back now, I wanna be pushed aside, so let me go, no, no turning back now, let me take back my life, I'd reather be all alone, no turning back now, anywhere on my own, cuz I can say, no, no turning back now, the very worst part of you is me.\\" I really like how they collaberate on this track 4/5<br />Hit The Floor - Starts off slow, like most of the songs, but then gets into the heavy guitar/drums. Then here comes Mike again w/ his fast rhyming and you can hear the work of Mr Hahn(SP?). I dunno, but this is one of my least favorite song on this album... I'd give it a 2/5<br />Easier to Run - This is one the mellow track on the album, love the beginning of this. Also, like Crawling on the other album, this song goes strait into the chorus which goes \\"Its easier to run, replacing this pain with someing wrong, its so much easier to go, than to face all this pain all alone\\" I love the lyrics of this song, all the way through Chesters voice... Dunno, but I love his voice... and Mikes Raps aren't as heavy in this. But this is probley my favorite track on this album thats why it gets a 5/5<br />Faint - THE BEGINNNING FRIGGIN ROCKS! Nice Techno beat then the Gutiars/Drums put on a good melody, showing what Linkin Park can really do! Then Mike doing his thing w/ this track too. Very catchy tune and LOVE the chorus! \\"I can't feel, the way I did before! don't turn your back on me! I won't be ignored! Time won't tell, this damage any more! Don't turn your back on me! I won't be ignored!\\" Great song, 4.5/5<br />Figure.09 - You can tell this is going to be a good song right from the start! The heavy instruments are at it again! But yet again, Mike starts the song, LoL, oh well. But the Chorus again is great \\"And now, you become a part of me, you'll always be right here, you become a part of me, you'll always be my fear, I can't seperate, myself from all I've done, giving up a part of me, I've let myself become you\\" but, I only give this song a 3/5<br />Breaking The Habit - Again, love the beginnin of this song w/ its guitar, and Chester sings this song! Which is great! This is one of my favorite songs, not heavy, but melodic, love these lyrics! \\"I don't know whats worth fighting for, or why I have to scream, I don't know why I instagate, and say what I don't mean, I don't know how I got this way, I know its not alright, so I'm breaking the habit, I'm breaking the habit, tonight\\" the instruments, how they're put together, kicks azz! I dunno, but this gets a 5/5<br />From the inside - Heavy right from the start (Asyou can tell, this album is a lot heavier from their last) But then it gets quiet, the first line is \\"I don't know who to trust\\" which can relate to lots of people, the chorus goes \\"Take everything from the inside, and throw it all away, because I sware for the last time, I won't trust myself with you\\" this album gets better and better, I love how he screams in this song! (Head banging right now) Great from start to finish! 5/5<br />Nobody's Listening - Rap, Rap, Rap... if you've heard High Voltage by them, thats what its like... I really don't like this song, but though, I do like the lyrics without the music... eh.. the music ruins it... 2/5<br />Session - Slow and quiet at first, then the drums start and it gets a little heavier... and then Mr Hahn's part comes into play... and it stays like that through the whole song, no words, just scratching, its an okay song, but could've been replaced w/ a better song 3/5<br />Numb - The final song and I can't STRESS enough on how great this song is! I love the beginning, great melody! Hell, I'll just give you all the lyrics to this song!<br />Tired of what you want me to be<BR>Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface<BR>Don't know what you're expecting of me<BR>Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes<BR>(Caught in the undertoe, just caught in the undertoe)<BR>Every step that I take is another mistake to you<BR>(Caught in the undertoe, just caught in the undertoe)<BR>I've become so wrong, I can't feel you there<BR>Become so numb, so much more aware<BR>I'm becomeing this, all I want to do<BR>Is be more like me, and be less like you<br />and thats where I'm going to stop for that song, let you listen to the rest, don't want to ruin it, but I'd give this song 6/5<br />The whole album is great, you gotta get this album!<br />Overall raiting: 5/5
B00008H2LE|5.0|Absolutely amazing! Stand-out tracks: Lying From You, Nobody's Listening, Breaking The Habit, Numb, Easier To Run
0553573403|5.0|A sword and sorcery book without sorcery. Excellent historical fiction with just a hint of magic. I've just strated the third book and a fourth is yet to come. Martin holds you hard with his palace intrigue, bloody battles and deceit masked by chivalry. Good stuff, highly recommended.
0060920084|5.0|This is the book that introduced me to Bill Bryson, and I will forever be grateful to my old neighbor for lending me his copy.  <BR>As a person who, as a child, was trapped not once, but twice, in a cross-country trek with her family, I can relate to many of Bryson's experiences.  His anecdotes concerning his childhood trips brought to mind the stories my own father would tell about his family vacations in the 1950s. <BR>In &quot;The Lost Continent,&quot; Bill Bryson holds up a mirror to America, showing both the good and the bad with a wonderful sense of humor.  This is a book that reminds us not to take ourselves too seriously.  Bryson doesn't get much credit for the amount of research he puts in his books; he drops informational tidbits as he pokes fun, and you learn while you laugh.<BR>I've read his travel narratives about the UK and Europe, and neither have had the same impact on me as &quot;The Lost Continent,&quot; simply because I know my country's foibles better.  For those who love America, warts and all, this is the book for you.
B000002B30|5.0|\\"Born to Run\\" might be the perfect Bruce Springsteen song. It's instantly catchy and bombastic; it longs for total freedom out on the road with the person you love; and it's sentimental and a little naive. Many of Springsteen's songs champion the American underdog, but \\"Born to Run\\" seems to champion the beauty and freedom of life. When I hear the song's restless lyrics and spirited sound, it makes me wonder if I've ever truly lived a day in my own life.<br /><br />Springsteen's early hits all seem to possess a hungry spirit, a sense of escaping the drudgery that surrounds you, yet also storing it in your mind and embracing its beauty. Along with their classic rock and roll sound, tunes such as \\"Thunder Road,\\" \\"Badlands\\"and \\"Hungry Heart\\" all convey a youthful confidence despite less-than-ideal circumstances. \\"The River\\" and \\"Atlantic City\\" are darker in tone and less hopeful, but still carry a sense of rough-edged romance to them. \\"Atlantic City\\" is positively beautiful, just Springsteen's gravelly, sad voice and faraway background vocals, a warm acoustic guitar and an interjecting harmonica.<br /><br />Midway through the album, Springsteen's more sheeny fare takes center stage. All the [[ASIN:B0000025UW Born in the U.S.A.]] songs sound fresh and just as inspiring today as they did in the mid 1980s. The drums are big, the production is declamatory and the lyrics remain a mixture of loathing, love and longing. \\"Dancing in the Dark\\" contains this great line: \\"You can't start a fire/Worrying about your little world falling apart.\\" \\"Born in the U.S.A.,\\" despite its pseudo-patriotic sound, is actually a diatribe against the treatment Vietnam vets received upon their return to the U.S. The gentle \\"My Hometown\\" and Saturday night jukebox sound of \\"Glory Days\\" speak of pride in one's place of upbringing and not being able to let go of a teenage past, respectively.<br /><br />The early 1990s hits \\"Brilliant Disguise\\" and \\"Human Touch\\" are as good as anything Springsteen has ever put out -- smooth, polished and tuneful as all get-out. It's the last several songs, however, that showcase his growth as a songwriter as the decades have gone by. \\"Streets of Philadelphia\\" and \\"Secret Garden\\" are each soulful, sparse and mournful, and were written for the soundtracks of the mainstream movies [[ASIN:B0000029F1 Philadelphia: Music From The Motion Picture]] and [[ASIN:B000002BST Jerry MaGuire: Music From The Motion Picture]], respectively. The heavy rocker \\"Murder Incorporated\\" is bombastic and angry (reminds me a bit of Pearl Jam), while the album's final two songs have a quieter, more organic-sounding vibe, reminiscent of The Boss's early stuff.<br /><br />If you're looking to discover the best of Springsteen's large and important body of work, from the 1970s to mid-1990s, this CD is a tremendous place to start.h, polished and tuneful as all get-out. It's the last several songs, however, that showcase his growth as a songwriter as the decades have gone by. \\"Streets of Philadelphia\\" and \\"Secret Garden\\" are each soulful, sparse and mournful, and were written for the soundtracks of the mainstream movies [[ASIN:B0000029F1 Philadelphia: Music From The Motion Picture]] and [[ASIN:B000002BST Jerry MaGuire: Music From The Motion Picture]], respectively. The heavy rocker \\"Murder Incorporated\\" is bombastic and angry (reminds me a bit of Pearl Jam), while the album's final two songs have a quieter, more organic-sounding vibe, reminiscent of The Boss's early stuff.     If you're looking to discover the best of Springsteen's large and important body of work, from the 1970s to mid-1990s, this CD is a tremendous place to start.
B00008LOS1|5.0|Originally released in 1971, &quot;Who's Next&quot; was a landmark album for The Who. This album depicts some of The Who's most creative and best songwriting ever. Songs such as &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot;, &quot;Bargain&quot;, &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;, &quot;The Song Is Over&quot;, &quot;Getting In Tune&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; clearly show The Who's ability to write beautifully crafted acoustic based songs as well as straight ahead no holds barred rockers. This special Deluxe Edition of &quot;Who's Next&quot; has been remastered (again) and disc one includes the original album as well as songs from The New York Record Plant Sessions (all tracks have been newly remixed). Songs from this session include a fabulous version of the Marvin Gaye classic &quot;Baby Don't You Do It&quot;, a longer and alternate version of &quot;Getting In Tune&quot; which is superb. A more raw sounding &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; is also included. Other songs from the session include &quot;Pure And Easy&quot;, &quot;Love Ain't For Keeping&quot;, and &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;. <br />Disc Two contains a &quot;live&quot; concert at The Young Vic Theater recorded on The Rolling Stones Live Mobile in South London on April 26, 1971. The Who's performance has to be heard to be believed and the average listener may even think he/she are listening to studio versions of the songs played. There are songs from &quot;Who's Next&quot; such as &quot;Love Ain't For Keeping&quot;, &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;, &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;, &quot;Bargain&quot;, &quot;Getting In Tune&quot; as well as one of The Who's first hits &quot;My Generation&quot; and classics such as &quot;(I'm A) Roadrunner&quot; and &quot;Young Man Blues&quot; to name a few. Also included is a twenty seven page booklet which includes interesting information on each song as well as other tidbits and nice photos of the group. This 2-cd Deluxe Edition is clearly better than the remastered single disc version of &quot;Who's Next&quot; and is worth every cent and more. If there's one Who album (or cd in this case) you buy make this be it. You will not be disappointed. Highly Recommended.
B00006J3WH|5.0|My name is Kristie and I love this cd. I really love musicals. I know I know Buffy the Vampire Slayer is not a musical but I had to get this cd. This is a 5 star cd. I love it to death. I just came back from Best Buy and I had to buy it and so I came right home and put it on.
B00007JVBI|5.0|It's been five years sinse Chan Marshall graced our tender ears with her wonderful voice, and now she's back with another stunning collection. Her last record, &quot;Moon Pix&quot; (of which I owned a vinly copy that disappeared under mysterious circumstances ) was a breathless set of hushed folk laments, like Dylan with vocal ability. In one fail swoop, Marshall out-did the entire Lilith Faire hoard and placed her indellible stamp on both folk music and indie rock. So, I suppose you can excuse the lengthy interim between records. &quot;You Are Free&quot; picks up right where she left off. &quot;Don't Blame You&quot; features an almost jaunty piano motif and lyrics that could almost describe Kurt Cobain, but are more likely about herself(maybe). &quot;Good Woman&quot; is epic, with a timeless guitar melody and spine-tingling children's chorus. The lyrics are devastating: she knows a relationship is bad for both parties involved, so she's leaving, despite the fact it's tearing her up. Classic stuff, and she breathes fresh life into it with bracing assurance. &quot;Speak For Me&quot; rocks, thanks to back-up help from you-know-who from the Foo you-know-what's. Then there's the other famous collaborator, the guy from Pearl Jam...uh, Eddie something or other I think, who lends a hushed urgency to the closing track &quot;Evolution&quot;, a magnificent lament, tolling a coming apocalypse or signaling a revolution, either way its devastating understatement gets under your skin and makes you think, and when was the last time a song did that? Chan Marshall, despite her oft-repoted shyness on stage and the long gaps between records, is a force to be reckoned with, and a reason to believe in music again.
B00003CWPL|5.0|Well, you've probably heard about \\"Eraserhead\\" FINALLY on DVD in a transfer that is too good to be true. And it IS true. Packaged beautifully in a 8\\" x 8\\" box with a nice 20 page booklet (quite big, actually), I don't believe I've seen a cleaner-looking picture on DVD. <br />The first time I saw this movie was in the summer of 2002. I had maxed my cable modem gigs for that month, then when I found it on DivX to download for the first time, I'd wait weeks just to have that download finish (the highest that it was downloading: 1.5 kbps, when it WAS downloading). One week later--the hottest day of that year--the download finally completed. The transfer? Oh my God...\\"transfer\\". [Laughs] That's a good one. I sat there for an hour and a half, and I probably had seen half of the movie...basically because the picture was MUDDY (and completely black in some scenes), AT BEST! Irremovable French subtitles took up half the screen, the audio lagged behind every now and then, and to say the least, the sound was under pillows with scratches, hiss, crackle, and pop...all enough to even have those rice crispies guys in full blush. Nonetheless to say, I was half-satisfied...but after seeing the film for the first time, who, in the right state of mind, WOULD be fully satisfied with THAT?!<br />Then after a few days of mind-numbing research, I found it on DVD in the ONLY place available within a reasonable price (I'm sure you've seen some ridiculous prices people charge for VHS copies on eBay). Of course I needed a credit card to purchase it, which I didn't have. But FINALLY I got one, and after my purchase about a month ago off of davidlynch.com, I am EXTREMELY satisfied (mind you, I live in Canada, so paying in USD on my VISA didn't look too pretty to say the least)!<br />And the DVD? Well, the main menu for the film has a really unsettling scene for a background, in which Henry is tugging at the leash of a dead cat (or a dog?) on the ground with his foot...with no facial expressionto mark the meaning. The theatrical trailer (being my favorite DVD feature out of any) is creepy at best, sending a chill of curiousity through your body. And finally, a very informative brand new hour-and-a-half special featurette called, \\"Stories\\", in which David Lynch talks about everything that has to do with \\"Eraserhead\\", answering any of those questions that might have plagued fans about the film (sorry, he still doesn't say ANYTHING about the creation of Henry's child). And as for the film's treansfer itself...well, for such a rich price of $.. USD (not including shipping), I'll only say this: I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH OF THE MOVIE I MISSED...and besides, with the original 1.85:1 transfer FULLY supervised by the master himself, how could you go wrong?! All in all, this is the BEST DVD PURCHASE I have ever made.<br />So, to anyone who isn't quite sure of purchasing David Lynch's new DVD version:<BR>- \\"Do I just cut 'em up like regular chickens?\\"<BR>- \\"That's right, just cut 'em up like regular chickens.\\"
B00006F7S4|5.0|Legend has it that this collection of achingly beautiful and painful songs came as a result of finding illicit emails--- who could cheat on Beck? Perish the thought! Heartbroken in Hollywood, he was next devoured by a notoriously predatory man eating actress, lately famous for stealing more than just hearts. At least Beck's revenge is public. We are left with one mesmerizing album. One that can easily put on 'repeat' without noticing...and used as an excellent buffer between yourself and the world at large.
B00008H2LB|5.0|omg- i have waited for this, and it was well worth it, if your young, need good music, and want to spend your allowance on something worth wild, go get meteora...........everybody else, get a job, then get it, then quit, its worth it, omg
B000089RVX|5.0|Ce putain de cd est trop bon <BR>achter le  tout prix il vaut le coup
B00008H2LB|5.0|If you were as disappointed with \\"Reanimation\\" as I was, then this CD is FOR YOU!!!!!!!  It's a totally AWESOME CD, well worth the money I paid at KMart for it!!!  And to think, my interest in LP was starting to fade.  Meteora has certainly changed that! :)<br />Album of the Year?  It could, depends what kind of a fight Godsmack's Faceless gives it :)
B00008H2LB|4.0|The new album from Linkin Park is different. It will appeal to some people more than others. I am a huge fan of LP and I am sure they could do better. Hybrid Theory was a good Hard Rock album, basicly inventing the hybrid genre; but Meteora is more of a Hard Rock/Hip-Hop style(Which affects my score automaticly because of my hatred for Rap). Sure, their are some great songs on here that I would check out, especially &quot;Break the Habit&quot; and &quot;Faint&quot;, but then songs like &quot;nobody's listening&quot; which seriously is not a good song. Overall the album is good and has many high points and some low points. Buy this album if you are a LP fan, but if you are expecting another Hybrid Theory than download some of the songs first, before buying it.
B0000039QA|5.0|Well, what can i say, this is a perfect album, i love the production to this cd and the lyrics. easy moe bee, dj premier,puffy,etc.. they produced this album well. i remembered when biggie past away.. it broke my heart like whoa! Then when his LIFE AFTER DEATH album finally came out. I put his first track (intro), i started to put my head down because it reminded me about the incident. But, then i started to listen to every track and he did it again for the second time,it put a smile on my face because his lyrics were krazy and funny too. This is why they call him THE GREATEST MC OF ALL TIME. The tracks that i love the most are \\"I LOVE THE DOUGH\\",\\"NOTORIOUS THUGS\\",\\"TEN CRACK COMMANDMENTS\\",\\"MISSING YOU\\",\\"SKY'S THE LIMIT\\". No, as a mater of fact the whole album is sick. Every track is excellent, i love this cd a lot. To me, this is the 2nd best cd I've ever heard in my life, my favorite cd of all time is READY TO DIE. I recommend everyone to get those cds. Aight thats all i got to tell everyone iight 1<BR>                    <BR>RIP BiG
B00008H2LE|5.0|This cd, has to be the best thing to ring in my ears since Reanimation was released. ALL of the songs are phenominal...and so is the way the cd was mixed. All songs lead into the next, it's so cool...you can listen to it from one to thirteen and feel like it's one song. AWESOME!  The song with the violins..sweet ..., I like that the most and \\"Numb\\" I really think you should all buy this cd, at least once... ... ...i bought two =) LINKIN PARK ROCKS!!!!!!
B00008DDXC|4.0|Now it was not as good as part one, but The Chamber of Secrets really pleased me.  My biggest fear going in was that Daniel Radcliffe had gotten too old to be any good in the role, but he still shines.  Sure his voice is a little deeper, but these things happen.   outstanding final performance for richard harris.  must own.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This collection is probably the best box set ever compiled and is a must-buy for classic rock fans.  Caveat: Those fans of the psychadelic era looking to uncover a lost Sgt. Pepper, Surrealistic Pillow, Pet Sounds, or Forever Changes may want to look elsewhere. If Sgt. Pepper is dinner, then Nuggets is dessert--it is all about fun, and all about the basics: fuzzy, distorted riffs, blues harmonicas, Hammond organs, vocalists who convey raw, assertive emotion, and simple lyrics (in other words, perfection, for my taste).  There is a very heavy blues influence here, as well as tracks that mark the infancy, if not the birth, of punk.  Fans of the Who, the Stones, and the Animals will probably find Nuggets as exhilarating as I.  Call me crazy, but for me, different music is apposite for different seasons.  Nuggets is Summer music (Rubber Soul or Desire, by contrast, would be Fall or Winter music).  So, if the weather is warm, fill up the tank, roll down the windows, pop in Nuggets and have a blast!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|That's the question i was asking when i heard the Offspring's fifth album to date \\"Americana\\". The pop vibe of this 11-track disc makes it almost ubearable to hear some of the songs. The parady punk \\"Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)\\" may have made it onto MTV's Total Request Live but it wasn't really a good song. The regaee-feel of the Beatles ripoff \\"Why Don't You Get A Job\\" also lands as a pop phenomenon gone bad. The hardcore \\"The Kid's Aren't Alright\\" has an Iron Maiden-type intro but pulls off strong while \\"She's Got Issues\\" is a rock thrash of obsene language and heavy rock music. Although, the title track proves to bring a sense of somewhat organization to this otherwise punk pop disc gone wrong, the Offspring really needed to improve from this one, so let's be glad \\"Conspiracy Of One\\" didn't totally sell it's soul to the devil to get some play on TRL.
0452282152|5.0|&quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; is a magnificent little story about one of Veneer's most famous paintings. Although the events are made up, I found myself really believing the story Chevalier spins about the model of the painting, her being forced to work for the Veneer family, the turmoils she endures in that home and her own, the conflicting emotions she has for the painter and for Pieter, the butcher's son. The setting is real, the descriptions clear but not too cluttering, and the characters' motivations clear. Heaven knows I wanted to slap Cornelia several times in the book! I highly recommend this book, especially for book clubs. Much can be discussed about this work, not the least of which are the symbolism of the earrings and the ways in which men in the book treat women.
B00005JLTR|5.0|I don't understand why so many reviewers didn't like this movie. I loved everything about it. The story is great, the acting is great, the songs are great...well...Barbra's songs are great anyway. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. But to each his own.
B00000K31Q|5.0|Ten things I hate about you it's a great movie and it has a nice way of showing how us girls feel about guys. That's all I have to say about it.
B00008H2LB|4.0|do NOT look at my rating for this CD!  I bought it 6 hours ago, so my long-term love for it is nonexistent.  <br />I picked up this CD, put it in the car CD player for the ride home....and began to indulge.  I was very excited when I finally got to pick up Meteora.  I was skeptical (just like everyone is with a sequel), and when I did a run-through of the album, I was sort of disappointed.  A few songs sounded like Linkin Park, original w/ lots of variety, but some sounded too loud and too &quot;Korn.&quot;<BR>When I got home, I played Meteora again, but this time on my stereo.  That's when it hit me:  I didn't like some songs the first time around because I couldn't HEAR them!  Road noise is the perfect downer for LP fans.  Needless to say, I enjoyed every song (just like I did with LP's Hybrid Theory)once I heard the little details.<BR>If you are a Hybrid Theory fan, this album is for you.  If you've never listened to LP music before, ask yourself these questions:  Do I like rap?  Do I like rock?  Do I like techno?  <BR>If your answer is yes to any of those questions, then try out LP's Meteora and Hybrid Theory.  They are two VERY original albums.<br />Matt M.
B00005O5CM|5.0|Love this movie I so think Reese was right for the part. It was just a movie that all of us need something new to the movies these days. Ryan should be very proud. This is a movie for the whole family to see. The movie I saw her in before this was Cruel Intention which was a great movie and I do think you need both of them in your movie collection. It such a chick flick but who cares it's a great movie and a great performance by Ms. Witherspoon. She got by vote if she ever ran for president.
B00005JL95|3.0|Whilst it might be a bit precipitous to describe Lilo and Stitch as a return to Disney's glory years of the early 90's (comprising of The Little Mermaid, Beauty And The Beast, Aladdin and The Lion King), it is very good and different enough to other Disney films to make it distinguishable.  The premise has a renegade mutant - Stitch - landing on Earth to be adopted by the lonely Lilo.  Lessons of family, belonging and loss are learnt along the way and there's a happy conclusion so there's pretty much all you would expect from a kid's movie.<br />However, the vivacity with which Lilo and Stitch is delivered makes it stand out as an impressive edition to the canon.  The animation is the best the studio has done in ages, with carefully rendered characters and lush watercolour landscapes that seem to capture the dreamy atmosphere or Hawaii perfectly.  There's also a more toned down version of the wacky humour of The Emperor's New Groove (though not as adult-orientated as the latter), with Stitch dressing up as Elvis and devouring a tourist's camera.  This is the kind of mindless destruction that everyone's been desperate to see in the kind of by-the-numbers plot that Lilo and Stitch represents.  In addition to this, a great deal of thought has obviously gone into fleshing out the characters as well.  In particular, Tia Carrere as Nani, sister and guardian to Lilo and facing losing custody of her is very impressive considering she's pretty much only playing a voice.  Lilo is also a sympathetic character that more kids will be able to identify with, especially seen as she's not the perfect model of childhood nor is her part overtly feminist.  What you've got here is an unpopular kid wanting to get into the 'in' crowd but finding herself alone.  Stitch is also a fantastic little character - cute, funny and lively he adds a real fire to the movie.<br />The messages of family, loss and friendship may also have been obvious but they are gently done in a way that won't seem atall cloying to parents.  In particular, the scene where Stitch echoes the voice of the ugly duckling in the story who called for his parents to come and find him, only to get no reply, is genuinely touching stuff.  It's perhaps these gentle moments that raise Lilo and Stitch above the average.  Even so, that isn't to say there aren't faults here because there are a few.  The final scenes with a spaceship battle should have been spectacular, but although they're superbly animated they feel very anti-climatic.  Nani's love interest also seems like a staple character that nobody could be bothered with, which is a pity considering the unusual amount of work that obviously went into the main characters.  Of course, the obvious complaint is that this just isn't as good as other Disney films.  The early 90's Disney stuff pretty much hits the nail on the head about what a kid's film should be, whilst later underrated additions such as Pocahontas and the spectacular Hunchback Of Notre Dame dabbled in more dynamic and less upbeat proceedings whilst The Emperor's New Groove carved out an older audience for Disney fare.  Lilo and Stitch is certainly distinguishable but it's no classic.  It's enjoyable, it's well done and it's fairly original, but compared to such masterpieces as the Toy Story films, Lilo and Stitch almost seems redundant.  Still, congratulations should definitely go out to Disney for creating an entertaining little film which has elements of something great but ultimately doesn't fulfil all its promises.
B00008H2LB|4.0|this album was great.  not the best but great. if u put it up agenst something like x-acutioners it would be better but not their best. 4 example, hypred theory was better but this was better then reaninmation. but this is really worth buying. songs like nobodies listing and somewhere i belong really made the album. you'll be happy if u buy this one.
038572179X|5.0|I loved this book. I've read many of the reviews here on Amazon and feel that a lot of them are over-critical. This is a beautiful story seeping heartbreak on every page, all the result of the destructive imagination of a child. It is very easy to hate Briony for the way her actions have destroyed the happiness of her sister and Robbie, but I believe that's quite unfair. She acts with the innocence of a child at a particular age who wants to be accepted by the adult world. She is placed in a very difficult situation and the court's readiness to pass judgement on the strength of her evidence alone is, I believe, just as much a crime as her lies. <br />One criticism I would accept is that Ian McEwan could have shown us more of Briony's stubborn attachment to the lie she has convinced herself is true. At what point did she start having doubts? When we meet up with her again towards the end of the book she is five years older and fully aware that Robbie is innocent. It would have allowed the reader to have more sympathy towards her if we could have seen her reaction as the truth of what she had done slowly grew larger on her conscience. <br />The book is split into four sections. The first details life in the Tallis family home in the mid-1930s and gives us an introduction to the characters and description of the assault and Briony's lie. This section of the book slowly builds - some reviewers say they found this boring but I did not. I enjoyed hearing about life in the household. I could empathise with Briony's playwriting attempt and its sabotage at the hands of her slightly older cousin. McKewan vividly describes events and allows us upfront access into his characters' minds which makes his writing very enjoyable to read. I found this first section to be like the first scene in a whodunit mystery, before the detective comes to investigate and letting the skeletons out of the cupboard. Except there was no Poirot to come and uncover the truth but instead an injustice was allowed. Nevertheless, a whodunit was created that would later be explained at the end of the book. I counted three suspects, each with an opportunity to commit the crime.<br />The second section of the book jumps forwards to the Second World War and the British army's retreat from France. The jump is a little jarring and it takes a while to adjust to the new surroundings. But I think it successfully creates the feeling that regardless of an injustice in the past, life carries on and doesn't stop to allow justice to be done. Events move on and people get on with their lives and the injustice is largely forgotten. Robbie, a mere private in the army, despite his education, is retreating to Dunkirk in an attempt to get back to England. His only motivation to survive comes from the knowledge that Cecilia is waiting for him to return - he had only just come out of prison before having to leave for the war. Here is where McKewan description is exemplary. The chaotic retreat comes to life and Robbie's aching desire to see his lover again is easy to feel. <br />The third part of the book catches up with Briony. She now knows her crime and seeks atonement for it. Partly to try to compensate for the pain she has caused, she forgoes university and becomes a nurse, just in time for the casualties from France to start arriving. Briony attempts reconciliation with her sister. The key twists in the plot are at this point so I won't go further except to say that McKewan plays with your expectations perfectly so that the revelations are dramatic.<br />Finally we jump forwards to the present day. Briony is an old lady and a famous writer but she is dying. She tells us her story and we are rewarded with another twist to the book which puts everything we have read into a new light.<br />I would strongly recommend this book to anyone looking for rewarding modern literature. Clearly from the reviews this book is not to everyone's tastes but I must admit I find this puzzling as I adored it and will now be searching out other Ian McKewan books to read.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This album is pure LP!!!! I dare not even compare it to Hybrid Theory, or even Re-namation. BUT, this cd is in a category of it's own...LINKIN PARK IS EVOLVING...my favorite songs are \\"somewhere i belong\\" \\"lying from you\\" \\"easier to run\\" \\"faint\\" and \\"breaking the habit\\"...aww heck i like them all...buy this album today!
B000002UAX|4.0|This album oozes a terrific sense of playfulness with Lennon &amp; McCartney at the height of their songwriting powers. They feel empowered to try just about anything -- both from a song structure perspective as well as stylistically. Marred only occasionally by a bit of laziness (three blues tunes?) and the periodic shock value experiment, the rest of the work exudes an ease and confidence that makes it a joy to listen to.<br />Favorites include Ob-la-di (Has to be one of the most pure joyful songs and performances every written) and Blackbird (Lovely song and arrangement).
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is pure LP!!!! i just bought it today and it is an instant classic...i dare not compare it to linkin park's previous albums, Hybrid Theory or even ReNamation...this cd is clearly in a class of it's own...what could you want more from a band than chester's multi-toned choruses and mike's hard-core rapping verses, even more are brad and phoenix's melodic riffs all put together with rob's beats and joe's mixing...there were very high expectaions for this album, they fufilled every ounce of mine...my personal favorite songs are (their first single)\\"somewhere i belong\\" (wicked song) \\"lying from you\\" (life isn't always easy) \\"easier to run\\" (i am speachless) \\"faint\\" and (mikes masterpiece)\\"breaking the habit\\"<BR>This will always be in my heart with all of the other awesome albums of linkin park...buy it today!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park set very high standards for what is usually seen as an angry kind of music in their sweeping first album, Hybrid Theory, and that tradition is continued in the new Meteora. This album experiments a lot more, using 6/8 time signatures and string instruments, but is in no way risking anything. With the wiser than his years Mike Shinoda holding the group together, the band heads into bold new territory without a single problem. Highlights are the single, Somewhere I Belong, Session, and Nobody's Listening. Somewhere I Belong begins with the backwards guitar that was first heard in the video Frat Party at the Pancake Festival, and spreads into explosive guitar and vocals by singer Chester Bennington that make you wonder where that voice could come from. On Session, there is a noticable lack of the staple vocals and guitars of the genre, but they are not missed. The electronic beat in the beginning gets distorted and muted, giving way to piano that would surprise new fans in it's great atmosphere. When even that starts to break down, the resident turntablist of the group, Joseph Hahn, really shows off his A-game. Lastly, on, Nobody's listening, emcee Shinoda plays off of a Japanese flute beat as if it were regular hip-hop fodder. <BR>Fans of hard rock will enjoy Don't Stay, Lying From You, and Easier to Run.
B000000XBA|5.0|CCR knew how to do a song. Some of their songs have become enduring classics, and will more than likely remain that way for many generations. Take it from me! I'm eighteen years old, and enjoy this collection of songs. This is an album that is worth the time and money! Grade: A+
B000002H5I|5.0|One of Della's FAVORITE songs! Tracy Chapman is black and pretty and has an honest voice. She knows hard times and sings about peace and ending war, and about spirituality and other such topics of interest to Della. Della has her \\"Telling Stories\\" Album and it has Tracy Chapman's face on it with her eyes closed on the front of it... and Della has this trick where she's like (to an unsuspecting normally person) \\"Hey, you know I bought this album thinking oh, well i got one Tracy on the cover. That's good... but then... I opened it up *WAHMP she opens it up quickly and BOOM there is Tracy with her eyes open* and I got a BONUS Tracy for free!!!!! That's TWO times the Tracy for the price of one Tracy. Wouldn't you say Tracy? *she asks the album, Tracy looks back smiling as if to say yes*\\" Anyways.. that's my Tracy album CD trick. Sometimes I sat her CD cover up with her picture smiling at me and we talked a lot when I was depressed, cause I'm a real nutter butter weird sort like that... but Tracy, she's an old friend of mine. (or her spirit is rather) Her song played on the perfect day for me and my lover. We had a fast car.... like that day when the California sun kissed light down on us both, my most cherished lover of all, in the car with Tracy Chapman playing, the sun never shone so bright and the air never was so fresh and sweet.... he looked so good, and he felt even better when I touched his hand... like a dream I never wanted to wake up from. you know how some days are so beautiful and perfect you realize you're the happiest you'll ever be in that moment? that the sun couldn't be warmer or gentler, that a kiss couldn't be any better than that if you tried to replicate it forever? That was how that day with my love was. With tracy Chapman playing on the radio.... and that's part of why I love Tracy. Miss Chapman's music has always occured at beautiful and happy times in my life and so she is an old friend... and I guess if I could embody \\"joy\\" into a person she'dhave Tracy's friendly face and be strumming a guitar and singing in an honest voice about fast cars and devotion. ^_^ ya know?<BR>~~~ Della, speaking of herself in third person oddly
0060920432|3.0|Flow is an exciting concept, and a truly dynamic experience - but that doesn't mean this is a great book. The author has basically taken the concept articulated by earlier psychologists such as Maslow and Freud and tried to put a modern, quantitative spin on it. Anyway, isn't losing yourself in a creative activity common sense? We don't need high-falutin' academics and their &quot;studies&quot; to prove what we already know. <br />Furthermore, the entire concept is now so much a part of the public consciousness that it has been bastardized, marginalized and trivialized. I doubt one in a hundred readers of this book will regularly find flow experiences - whereas are our hardworking, less introspective and more realistic forebears would easily find flow without having read this pseudo-masterpiece.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I overall am very satisfied with the new CD. However, it would take a lot to top their CD, Hybrid Theory. I suggest that you buy this as an addition to Hybrid Theory. If you don't have Hybrid Theory yet, I suggest that you buy that first then if you really like Linkin Park (and you probably will) then go ahead and buy this one.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I really liked this cd. The only drawback I think it might have is that some of the songs sound, and are written, a lot like the songs on the parent album Hybrid Theory. For example, Easier to Run has almost the same form and structure as Crawling. Not that thats a bad thing, because both are excellent songs. Somewhere I belong is a lot like In The End. Again, both are great songs. So unless you didn't like Hybrid Theory, go ahead and buy this album. Even if you didn't, you should give this one a shot. You may find something different about this album.
B00008H2LB|4.0|for those who need a little more excitement in your new cd collection, pick this one up. rock music is going kinda slow right now, but thankfully linkin park churned out some more catchy, rock out music.
B00008H2LE|4.0|At first, when I just bought my Meteora CD, I quickly flipped through the cd. The first impression wasn't good. I thought it lacked something that was in Hybrid Theory. Then, I listened to it carefully...with the volume pushed one bar higher. WOW! THIS CD KICKS @SS. The cd has hecka good transitions between songs and the MC for Linkin Park sounds better then ever! Its extremely calmer unlike the hard core Hybrid Theory, but still satisfies my soul.<br />ALL THE SONGS KICK @SS IN METEORA!<br />However, the best songs are:<br />Somewhere I belong (Track #3)<BR>Numb (Track #12)<BR>Faint (Track # 7)<BR>Don't Stay (Track #2)<br />Nice Job, Linkin Park, THIS ALBUM WAS NOT BUST! :) ! KEEP IT UP!
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is pac's second out of three classics. This also holds the honor of being the first double cd rap album. IMO this is the only Pac album that could be called gangsta rap. This is both his most commercial and hardest album at the same time. Only special albums can do that. This has the best production out of all 2pac albums courtesty of Dr. Dre, Johnny J, and Daz. Also has an ungodly amount of guest appearances from the west coast g's (Snoop, Dre, Daz, Kurupt, E-40) and some east coast MC's (Redman and Method Man). Contrary to many people's opinion the 2nd disk is not really that weak. It is true most of the singles are on the first disk but the 2nd disk had great songs too examle being Shorty wanna be a thug. I think that a real good albums strength should not only be judged by the quality and quantity of singles but also the quality of the album tracks too. The album tracks here truly do shine.<BR>ESSENTIAL SONGS: California Love<BR>                 How Do U Want It<BR>                 2 of Amerikas Most Wanted
B00008H2LB|3.0|I dont think this album will top Hybrid Theory but it's still awesome.
0553278223|5.0|If it were not for NBC's wonderful and faithful mini-series adaptation of Ray Bradbury's classic novel, I would not have ever read it. Since viewing British director Michael Anderson's six-hour mini-series from 1979, I have read Ray Bradbury's science fiction classic on more than one occassion. With each reading, it gets better and better. I'd have to say that The Martian Chronicles is my favorite book of all time. Not just in the science fiction genre, but in the literary genre, period. It is a mesh of both space mythology and space opera, that seamlessly, if not smoothly, fits into the science fiction genre. It also acts as a mirror for humanity itself. Especially when it comes to Man's arrogance and perpetual tendency for ruining big, beautiful things. Let alone, Man's nasty habits of violence and destruction.<br />From 1999 to 2026 AD, The Martian Chronicles tells the story of man going to Mars. Of learning the Martian Way Of Life, and about itself. Leaving Earth on the brink of destruction, Man colonizes Mars, and in a sense, Mars conquers Man itself. It also conveys a message about how Man could enjoy life to its fullest and derive pleasure from the gift of pure being. A life that is beneficial and totally devoid of destructive tendencies.<br />To this day, The Martian Chronicles is still considered to be a science fiction classic. In many ways, it is the great science fiction novel novel ever produced. Ray Bradbury has given science fiction fans a wonderful, if not surreal, adventure that could teach the human race, or to be more precise, humanity itself, a better way of life. The scene between John Wilder and Jeff Spender is one example of this. Especially the scene concerning Tomas and the Martian in the dead Martian city.<br />If enjoy classic science fiction that has not been affected by Hollywood, then you will enjoy this epic science fiction adventure. I would also recommend the 1979 NBC six-hour mini-series adaptation of this book, too. Both are just as memorable and thought-provoking, if not deep when it comes to its philosophical storyline.
B00008H2LB|5.0|in my opinion, this cd is a big improvment fron their last album\\"hybrid theory\\". They have grown alot musicly as well as vocaly. Brads guitars are alot heavier and chesters vocals are more melodic. i bought this cd the day it came out, and have not stopped listening to it since then. another thing that makes this record more unique is how mike and joe use their skills as dj's to enhance the sound of the songs. therefore, this cd apeals to everyone no matter what your taste, songs like \\"nobody's listening\\" and \\"session\\" have more of a hop-hop/rap vibe. however, songs like \\"dont stay\\" and \\"somewhere i belong\\" apeal more to the hard rock/heavy metal fan of music. i recomend anyone to buy this record who is not afraid to hear something new and unique. Stand Strong
B00005NRO3|5.0|...in this great follow-up of the original Scream. A different setting, new actors and a great movie-in-movie gag make Scream 2 very different from the first. <br />This time the movie opens in a movie theater screening the film &quot;Stab&quot; based upon Gail Weathers book &quot;The Woodsboro murders&quot;. A couple wants to watch this movie in piece but as in the first movie they don't have very long to live. <br />Sidney, now at College, has heard of these murders but doesn't think they are related with the &quot;Woodsboro murders&quot;. Soon the killer is after her too. Terrifying her, waiting to catch her like a cat would a bird. He sneeks up and when you least expect it...<br />A great sequel where the surviving cast of &quot;Scream&quot; rejoin Sidney in fear, paranoia and suspicion. Arranged with great acting, scares, and a suspensful finish this movie gets five stars. The only things that will bother you are the facts that the murderer can never be exposed by yourself if you don't know the film yet. There's just no hint...at all!<BR>And it will also bother you that Scream 2 isn't as scary as the first one and is more of a horror soap-opera than a real scary movie. <br />It isn't as violent as the first movie and it isn't as chilling and frightening as the first but it's still very very good and deserves 5 stars for the original murdering sequences that seem to get better every movie.<br />Well that's all to say about &quot;Scream 2&quot;.<BR>Thank you for reading<BR>S.G.
B00008H2LB|5.0|So much for the question whether or not Linkin Park is a one-album wonder. Meteora may be a short album at around 40min. but it's an awesome forty minutes of adrenaline pumpin' beats. Basically the same style and sound as Hybrid Theory yet varying enough to make any Linkin Park fan more than satisfied with this long-awaited and worthwhile album.
B0000028M7|5.0|DIRT is a classic album that remains as one of the best releases of the 90's. Granted its ultradark, ultra depressing, and in some parts disturbing. Unlike many other releases, including AIC later release AIC, there is not much sense of hope even between the lines. To me this is really a concept album, that is only broken by the hit single The Rooster, which is the only song I skip on the CD.<br />Unfortunely, it remains really only a peak into what was the mind and heart of a truly tortured soul in Layne Stalley. Stalley along with Kurt Cobain were indeed truly suffering from the depression and drug addiction they write off, which is why the material remains so strong. The unfortunate part is that this is a fatal state of mind and body and both souls have now proved it. All of AIC's albums are rgeat, but DIRT is really the masterpiece.
B00005T30L|5.0|What a wonderful way to spend a road trip.  I was locked in a car wondering what I would do with myself when I suddenly realized....&quot;Don't I have Ghost World?  That movie staring Thora Birch?&quot;  Of course the answer was yes, I did have the movie.  I sat there and watched it.  My bottom got numb from sitting in the car seat, but the movie was worth it.  I can hardly articulate how FANTASTIC this movie was.  The ending, of course, was more real then most people could handle.  I too once wondered why the movie was given such an ending.  Didn't I deserve an ending where everything turns out just the way I didn't expect it to?  The answer is no.  The director or whoever came up with it, decided not to slap me in the face with an incredibly Hollywood ending.  You know where the ending where the everything for the character turns out okay.  Instead the movie gives me a greater, more beautiful ending then I could ever have imagined.  Escaping from my own life would be jump that I could never make, but the character has nothing to lose and everything to gain.  The ending, my friends, is a great one. <br />That's not the only part of the movie, though.  The rest of the cast has a their own story to tell.  Every scene is filled colorful people.  <br />It truly is a gift from Heaven.
B000002MU3|4.0|First of all I have to say that I find REM and Micheal Stipe overblown, boring, Self-Rightouse, and annoying. I Find their critical accliam to be the opinion of the individuals who pride themselves at looking down their noses at the less educated regular people who buy AC/DC Albums.<br />However, with that being said, I LOVE THIS CD. I think every song is outstanding and songs such as Tongue and Crush With Eyeliner are awesome soul,pop, Bowieesque tunes that are moving and intriuging. Furthermore, Bang and Blame, What's The Frequency Kenneth, Strange Currencies, and King of Comedy are all simialr in their feel. The album has the same echoing guitar tone throughout, which to some may be repitive, but to my ears it drives the record and gives it consistancy that most pop/art recoreds lack.<br />Note that while this is the only REM CD I own and listen to, I enjoy a lot of work off of earlier and later work. Furthermore, they put on an awesome show at The Bridge School a few years back. Its just that this CD to the casual listeners ears is enjoyable the whole way through and the lyrics are for once deep without being to self-rightous.
B00005JKED|3.0|Although much different from other cop moives, Training Day holds up on its own only by the fact of superb acting and a fresh script.<br />The good things...<br />-As I pointed out above, THE ACTING really shines here, as well as the casting. Denzel Washington, (he won an oscar for this film) Ethan Hawke, Scott Glenn, and many others make great contributions and deliver knockout performances. <BR>-The REALISM and the ACTION is great. This movie won't try to dazzle you with choreographed styilized action (like director Antione Fuqua's previous \\"The Replacement Killers\\"). All of the action is this film is gritty, to the point, and very realistic. Also, the potryal of the gangs and street-life seemed accurate.<br />And the bad things...<br />-THE PACING is not very good. It takes a while to get involved in the movie and about an hour for the real action to start up.<BR>-THE DIALOUGE is shaky at times, and sometimes it's hard to figure ot what's happening and who doing what to each other, etc.<BR>-THE ACTING by some of the supporting characters are off. I'm not alking about the main characters, (like I was up above)<BR>but some additions like Macy Gray, Snoop Dogg, and Dr. Dre just CAN'T ACT. <br />Overall, the pros outweigh the cons in this one, but I expected this movie to be a little bit more exciting with more action. This is no doubt an improvement over the too-short \\"Replacement Killers,\\" but I left the theatre not quite sastified as I thought I would be. All in all, a good flick that is a good one to rent. <br />2002; 122 minutes; RATED R for some strong brutal violence, pervasive obscenity, drug use, and nudity.
B000078DOI|4.0|This re-master is really kickin'. I had this tape way back in the 90's when I was still in high school (wow, I'm getting old). I lost it with all my various moves around the world. I remember it was like a springboard in which I used it to learn how to play bass. The important thing about this reissued CD is that it sounds great and there are two bonus tracks which make me happy inside. I like the live version of Crosstown Traffic because it's hilarious and high powered voltage material. I also like the extended version of Knock Me Down (one of the best songs ever written about drug addiction and friendship). Now it makes more sense with the new chorus lines...which are more dynamic and heartfelt. I also like the extended version of Pretty Little Ditty...John and Flea are psychically linked with the rest of the universal matter that floats around in waves of molecular static that is called our solar system.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Is Love & Theft the finest Dylan album since Blood on the Tracks, nearly 30 years ago? It seems, in its very different way, the equal of Time Out of Mind, its predecessor. The man is still giving us greatness forty years after his first classic albums.   Despite a slightly pat opener, each song takes you into a word-stuffed, musically diverse world - this is perhaps Dylan`s most perfectly played and produced album - that owes much to Dylan`s blues and country influences. Listen to Lonesome Day Blues or High Water, for example. Mississippi is a flowing number that you never want to end; Poor Boy (lazy-hazy droll), Cry Awhile (funky-woozy-bluesy) and Sugar Baby (pensive, downbeat) are the final three songs, leaving this listener replete yet wanting more from this genius of the age.   The playwright David Hare was wrong in insisting that we must not compare Dylan with, for example, Keats. It is, rather, just that kind of greatness in whose company Dylan has always seemed to fit. Just because Keats, or Rimbaud - or Woody Guthrie! - `came first` does not mean the pupil can not equal his teachers. I don`t, however, necessarily think he is as great a `poet` as Keats; but I do believe Dylan is as great an artist.   This is wonderful music. What on earth will he come up with next? Hope I live to hear it. (I can`t imagine missing a Dylan album!)
B000063S6Z|5.0|The album &quot;Play&quot; made me a fan of Moby's music, and when 18 came out, I just knew I'd love it too, but wasn't prepared for what I found.  I can't give this album more than 5 stars, but I wish I could.  &quot;Harbour&quot; is just a beautiful song and I hope it gets put in a really good, deserving movie.  The majority of the other 17 songs will automatically get stuck in your head, which is a good thing, though.  Can't help but love &quot;We are all made of stars&quot;, &quot;In this World&quot;, &quot;Great Escape&quot;, &quot;Extreme Ways&quot;, and of course &quot;Harbour&quot;-- the greatest slow song of all time.  Go for it, you won't be disappointed.
B00008H2LE|4.0|This CD is really good, it was not better than HT, but it still delivers good songs, it delievers good beats and rythm, better lyrics. I was previewing some of the songs, and they were great, and when I got the CD, all the songs that I liked in the preview, were the ones that are probably the best. About the DVD, it's a good making of, its not like Frat Party and Festival... their last DVD. This DVD was empty, just a making, more stuff needed to be added. Is a good CD, the biggest fan is here to support them.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Play is a real treat for Moby fans or anyone who just likes good music. Each song on the album has its own feel to it and is beautiful in its own way. The highlights: \\"Porcelain\\", \\"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad\\", \\"Southside\\", \\"Bodyrock\\", \\"Natural Blues\\", \\"Guitar Flute & String\\" and \\"My Weakness\\". What more can I say? Buy it, listen to it and decide for yourself.
B00008H2LE|5.0|All I have to say is that this is a masterpiece.  If you are a LP fan then you will love this album.  It is a lot different than the first cd but still very good.
B00008H2LB|5.0|after hybrid theory, i was wondering if linkin park could ever create a cd like that again, but i guess i was wrong.  the single somewhere i belong is the bomb.  songs like breaking the habit have an orchestra backing the usual linkin park brilliance in a way that is unusual but works very well.  songs like don't stay and lying from you and faint are songs that stick out in my mind.  however, it is impossible to pick favorites cuz these all rock, and numb closes the cd best as possible.  pay a few bucks more and get the dvd pack, cuz it shows the making of meteora, and is a must for an lp fan.  this is the bomb, pay some money and buy it, don't download it, the quality isn't there unless you buy it.
B00005R2IS|5.0|Movie: This low buget scific-adventure, takes place in the decaying outback society. Motor cycle gangs rule the highways, and only the MPFs, try to control them. \\"Mad\\" Max is one of them. He has a good life, until his wife and child's lives are swept away from him by the gangs. Only then does he become truly \\"Mad\\" Max. With a buget of only about 500,000 dollers, this movie still exceds many movies today. Mel Gibson stars in his first staring role, he is perfect in the part. This is the Holy Grail for scific lovers.<BR> DVD: Unlike the rest of the movies in the Mad Max Trilogy, Mad Max gets special edition treatment. The two documentarys, and the trailer, are not the best part of the DVD, the fact that the original voices are restored in the orignal Australian accents make the DVD worth it. The sound and picture quality are seamless. Do not even think about it, just buy it!!!<br />Movie: 5 stars<BR>DVD: 5 stars
B0000007BI|5.0|I own 6 different performances of Mozart's Requiem, which is in my mind, one of the deepest moving, most thrilling pieces of music ever composed. This performance ranks top among the following performances, which i own, not given here in any particular order:<br />1. von Karajan, Berliner Philharmoniker (impressive, but very slow, and the audio quality is lacking)<BR>2. von Karajan, Wiener Philharmoniker<BR>3. Sir Neville Marriner, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields<BR>4. Sir Colin Davis, BBC symphony orchestra<BR>5. Karl Bohm, Wiener Philharmoniker<br />The best performance i've heard of the requiem is a live one given by the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra several years ago, and unfortunately they never recorded it. Herreweghe's cd is of the highest audio quality, and musically in top form. This recording was done with period instruments, which we're accostumed to think of as lacking in richness of sound and dynamic range, but Herreweghe's conducting puts all these fears to rest - use at your will all the positive meaningless adjectives people use to describe music. Just get it and hear it already. You won't be disappointed.
B00005TT77|5.0|If you liked the movie, you'll definitely like the soundtrack. I totally fell in love with it, especially the first part of it. Although there are some songs that I like like less than others, I think that overall it's a good soundtrack. I think that using Beatles songs is an interesting little twist. I listen to this CD all the time, and it's one of my all time favorite soundtracks. If you haven't listened to it before, give it a chance. My favorite songs on the soundtrack are Two Of Us, Blackbird, Across The Universe, You've Got To Hide Your Love Away, Don't Let Me Down, Golden Slumbers and I'm Looking Through You.
B00005R5G9|5.0|ok its 1987, kim cattral (emmy\emma hezeray) is an egyptian princess that asks the gods to help her find a time that is right for her. so she goes through many different centuries and time and finally comes to 1987 as a mannequin. Andrew McCarthy (jonothan switcher)is going through one of his numerous jobs and happens to be working in a mannquin factory and puts emmy together. He then gets a job as a window dresser in the department store (prince and company)where emmy a mannequin has now been placed. she can only come to life in front of jonothan,because she chose him. they fall in love, eventually te gods allowed her to come alive in front of andy the clerk from illustra because she was almost shredded w other manequins and so she came to life so she could grab on to jonothans arm and help him pull her up from the shredding machine. They get married and (nothing's gonna stop them now.) also the sequel to this movie which is called (mannequin two on the move1991)was also good(medival fairytale about peasant maid who is turned into  mannequin for a thousand years by evil sorceror because she and (prince william of hauptmankoenig)fell in love\basically same plot as first one except she can't come alive until the window dressor jason williamson who is actually the prince reincarnated, takes off the neckalace that holds the curse since he is her true love.) the sequel stars kristy swanson(the original buffy the vampire slayer) and william ragsdale from(the fright night films.) both movies ar excellnt and just filled with 80's and early 90's fun. these are must see films.
B00008H2LB|5.0|The easiest place to start is comparing Meteora to one of the best debut cds ever, Hybrid Theory (HT).  I dont think Meteora is as solid 1 through 13 (11 songs with lyrics just like HT), but it certainly has some great songs.  <br />The first single, &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, is probally one of the best on the cd.  It's very similar in setup to &quot;In the End&quot; (HT) and is about on par with it in quality.  &quot;Easier to Run&quot;, &quot;Faint&quot;, &quot;From the Inside&quot;, &quot;Numb,&quot; and others, are all very good and all differ in the type of music.  It's amazing how Linkin Park can go from near heavy metal to ballads and sound good doing both.  I'm glad LP got their first single choice right this time (apologies to those that liked One Step Closer the most on Hybrid Theory...), but I was kinda disappointed that &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; may be their best song on this cd, only because I've already heard it.  It took 3 singles to choose the best for HT (IMHO).  <br />Nevertheless, Meteora deserves a 5 star rating because it has a variety of songs that all sound great. Linkin Park always put out songs that sound great and promote an emotional response like very few other bands can do, at least this well (speaking of alternative rock/rap that is).<br />If you like linkin park you'll love this cd, and if you havent listened to linkin park before, buy this and Hybrid Theory (first cd).
B00003CXXS|1.0|I've been a fan of the Jurassic Park series since the original, and while The second movie (The Lost World) was not as fine a film, it still retain the some of the magic of its predecessor. This film unfortunately not only a major let down in every sense of the word but a major letdown to the fans in general. There is really no plot to speak off what so ever in this lousy follow up but another excuse to bring people back in contact with the dinosaurs.  The dinosaurs themselves look more like C.G.I cartoons than real animals, and when you have acting as bad as the special effects themselves, you know that the movie is in trouble. It's pretty sad when a sequel to two fine films does not live up to the standards of what it's predecessors set forth, but when the movie is this bad, then it should be considered a crime.<br />Sam Neill should be a shame of himself for selling the fans out.<br />Grade: F-
B00006RIO7|5.0|Much to my surprise, I had to get this CD right after seeing the movie and have played it every day since I've purchased it. Who would have guessed that Catherine Zeta Jones, Queen Latifah, John C. Reilly and Renee Zellweger could excel in this genre?<br />From the first strains of Catherine Zeta Jones and All That Jazz to the last &quot;legit&quot; soundtrack vocal of Hot Honey Rag, this CD is a winner. Other standouts include Queen Latifah's When You're Good to Mama, John C. Reilly's Mr. Cellophane, Cell Block Tango and Renee Zellweger's renditions of Funny Honey, Roxie and Nowadays.<br />The extra songs, Love Is A Crime and the hip hop version of Cell Block Tango, aren't bad but they simply don't belong on this CD. It's a blatant pandering to a younger generation that will enjoy the soundtrack songs on their own. <br />This soundtrack could have easily turned into a very bad joke. A wild round of applause to the producers, director and actors who made it happen.
B00008H2LB|4.0|First off, Linkin Park's original sceaming-dj-rap mix is back.  That's right, Meteora is on the same plane as Hybrid Theory than it is with ReAnimation, so for those of you out there who were worried, do not fear.<br />True Linkin Park fans will love this CD, each track has such a deep meaning and there are no obscene lyrics or references to Bling-Bling as in those &quot;other&quot; raps.  That's why most people like Linkin Park--they're stuff actually MEANS something.<br />Meteora itself is loud and deals with issues affecting everyone, not just primarily teenagers as Hybrid Theory was.  Each song is individualy perfected and linked together (so no silent stops until the very end).  Tracks like &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; and &quot;Numb&quot; are very deep, and Chester fits them perfectly.  There is only a few tracks that actually sound the same, and there is even one track that is so out of place that it strangely fits into place (insert Oriental Sampling).  Other great tracks include &quot;Session&quot; which, once again, showcases Linkin Park's DJ techniques, &quot;Don't Stay,&quot; <br />However, Meteora does have one small tiny problem... its 36 minutes long.  Each song estimates at roughly 3 mins--not bad, but with only 12 tracks, it begins and then ends in very short time.  However, during that short time, you will grow to love the CD.<br />Longer, it would have warranted a 5, but with such great music in so little time, it gets a 4.<br />The originaters of rap-rock-dj-techno-anger have returned to dominate the world one more time.
B000089RVX|4.0|I have been waiting for three years for an album like this to come out.  However, while doing so I have learned of the evils of the rap/metal genre, with their monotonous beats and guitar riffs.  Evanescence almost succeeds in standing above and beyond this awful genre, but contained both of those two aforementioned elements that distinguish the present state of alternative rock.  Amy Lee has an excellent voice, the keyboards help to carry the cd with a wonderful (albeit dark) tone, but those damned guitars lack any sense of creativity, thus keeping the band from shining with the likes of A Perfect Circle (which was mentioned in previous articles).  Go back to community college, take some basic guitar courses and come back with a record that won't settle for almost perfect.
B00008H2LE|3.0|My friend burned me a copy and I think It's nothing really special. It delivers some good songs but others bring it down. Don't respect my opinion if you're a big fan of Linkin Park because I don't really like them that much. If you like them now then you'll probably like this record.
0002005549|4.0|J'ai bien aimé le dernier livre de Crichton. Je l'ai dévoré en quelques jours. Bien que la construction du récit s'apparente à Jurassic Park, l'histoire est passablement différente et toujours aussi d'actualité. Même si le roman, à mon avis, n'est pas aussi bon que Timeline, les possibilités et les questions soulevées par Crichton demeurent franchement terrifiantes. <br />Prey c'est l'histoire d'un ingénieur en logiciels, Jack Forman spécialisé dans le développement de systèmes autonomes en AI basés sur des comportements animals (swarm programming). Jack se retrouve sans travail et prend le rôle du père au foyer jusqu'à ce que la compagnie de sa femme éprouve des problèmes avec les logiciels qu'il a conçus. Xymos technologie est spécialisé dans le développement de nano technologies utilisées à des fins médicales. Il s'en suit une spirale d'évènements qui va amener Jack à travailler pour Xymos et tenter de régler leur \\"problème\\". <br />Je ne donnerai pas plus de détails sur le récit puisque je ne voudrais pas vous enlever le plaisir de le lire vous-même. La facilité que Crichton a de jongler avec les concepts technologiques complexes pour pondre une histoire est fascinante. Encore une fois sont travail est très bien documenté et se situe clairement dans le domaine du possible. Pas le meilleur Crichton, mais une très bonne lecture si les nano-technologies et le développement logiciel vous intéresse.
B00008CLOA|5.0|This is supposed to be the absolute edition of the landmark album.  It has set so many milestones in the past three decades that need little introduction.  It was and of course still is the Floyd's masterpiece and biggest seller ever.  It spent hundreds of weeks on the album and catalogue charts.  One of the all-time albums in all of music.  It was also the first CDs ever from EMI, first pressed in Japan and (West) Germany in 1984, even before their friends the Beatles (at least David Gilmour and Paul McCartney are!).  It should be profiled on VH1's \\"Ultimate Albums\\".  Hardcore, diehard, techie, and audiophile fans will sure get this new improved version.  Now if we can only get Roger Waters and the rest of the group to reunite again and save them from DCS - Destiny's Child Syndrome! (Kna'mean?!)<br />LP originally released Spring 1973 on Harvest/EMI, which I have from Germany.
B00008H2LE|4.0|It's hard to write a review for this without making any references to the &quot;other&quot; album. [This is assuming you have the debut album - if not, then erm, yeah...get it!]<br />To compare &quot;Meteora&quot; with &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; is unfair, but inevitable. With great success comes a greater expectation.<br />Undoubtedly, Linkin Park have had a tremendous amount of well-earned success - but Meteora doesn't really live up to my personal expectations.<br />But that's not to say it's a bad thing....just, different.<br />Yes we have the now customary enchanced CD and for an extra couple of quid [sorry, i'm English - an extra 2 &quot;bucks&quot;] you get the DVD featuring the &quot;Making of Meteora.&quot;<br />But let's ignore the extras and talk about what matters - the music. <BR>To start off with, it's a lot more of a mellower an album and I'm making a bold statement here, but &quot;Reanimation&quot; was definitely the &quot;bridge&quot; between Hybrid Theory and this one. <br />Work was done on both albums around the same time in a parallel sort of way and it shows. It has a lot of the &quot;sounds&quot; and &quot;feel&quot; of Reanimation [without the excessive hip-hop] <BR> <br />A few songs stand out immediately [The new single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; and &quot;Hit The Floor&quot; to name but 2]<BR>But that is the problem - Hybrid Theory was full of wicked tracks all the way through that sets your mind pulsating from one song to the next.<br />Meteora has a few &quot;nice&quot; songs...but &quot;nice&quot; songs only make a &quot;nice&quot; album.<br />If you're a fan, then i think you may be a little disappointed at first listen. But listen again. And again and again and again. It's not bad...just maybe different to what you expected.<BR>Still, gets 4 stars from this review.
B0000026J6|4.0|this is one of my favorite cohen's cds,  unlike his more early work, which can be deep and beautiful, this albom has the addition of some very dark aura to it, the addition of a political massage, in songs like &quot;first we take manhatten&quot; or &quot;jazz police&quot; and also a lot about the proccess of writing music and the life of cohen as an artist (&quot;take this woltz&quot;, &quot;tower of songs&quot;). for me this song always give me the feel of a trip to the early 80's in europ, or being in some artistic black and white movie, plus it has the tendency to feet my mood whenever i'm feeling down...<br />it's not the first leonard cohen cd that you should listen to, but if you are a cohen's fan, this cd is a must.
B000069HK2|5.0|I never thought a CD would ever ever top my fav. band Blink-182.  But this is just too good.  I rated my ratings on a 10-Scale...<br />7/10- Maybe Memories<BR>11/10- The Taste of Ink<BR>9/10- Bulimic<BR>10/10- Say Days Ago<BR>10/10- Poetic Tragedy<BR>10/10- Buried Myself Alive<BR>10/10- A Box Full of Sharp Objects<BR>10/10- Blue and Yellow<BR>9/10- Greener with the Scenery<BR>10/10- Noises and Kisses<BR>7/10- On My Own<BR>8/10- Pieces Mended<BR>10/10- Choke Me<br />I tried hard not to give them all a ten or u guys would think im not into music and all.  But I just couldnt resist giving it a 9 or 8 because it doesnt deserve that it deserves a ten
B00005JLSE|5.0|Let me frst say that I'm not a fan of musicals. I thought Moulin Rouge was daring but empty. Chicago is an incredible film, highlighted by its revolutionary way of blending the musical numbers with acting. The idea that the preformances were part of Roxie's mind is brilliant. The BEST movie (not named Two Towers) of 2002 !!
B00008H2LB|5.0|If you have heard the new single, Somewhere I belong, and thought it was good wait until you hear the new songs.  It's been awhile since they put out a new record so I was expecting nothing but a masterpiece.  From what I have listened to so far I have to say that the worst song is the new single, even though it is great also.  If your a fan of LP then you'll wanna rush out and grab this, and if your not, you soon will be like me.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Linkin Park is about as \\"nu-metal\\" as they come, if you like to play the pin-the-genre-on-the-band game.  Hybrid Theory was one of the flagship nu-metal compact discs that had fans singing highly colloquial praises, and music snobs moaning in utter disgust.  Perhaps most notably about the sextet (at least for the naysayers whining to be heard over their Bon Jovi albums playing in the background) is their reputation as an \\"assembled band\\", along the lines of such commercial assembly line gems as *N Sync, the Backstreet Boys, and the Bush administration.  For the record, such allegations of record label influence prove unfounded, as the band existed minus lead singer Chester Bennington as the horribly-named \\"Xero\\".  Bennington was found after demo tapes were sent out, joined the band, and the rest is MTV2 history.<br />On the heels of their 209473852094785-selling debut album now comes Meteora, which admittedly sticks to the tried-and-true formulaic songwriting, which should be perfectly agreeable to the plethora of Lickin' Pork fans out there wanting nothing more than another dozen anthems by their cute and cuddly heroes filled with such seldom-used words as \\"pain\\", \\"alone\\", and \\"pain\\".  The band seems to have tried to avoid the dreaded sophomore album jinx so much so that they've forgotten to progress their sound.  Commercially-successful and artistically-incompetent producer Don Gilmore has returned to man the controls, with the same meager and at times bland results found on Hybrid Theory (Andy Wallace's undynamic mix doesn't help matters, either).  The album attempts to be heavy in spite of this.  The lead single, 'Somewhere I Belong', sounds like the bastard child of two of their previous singles, 'Crawling' and 'In the End'.  The album's closing 'Numb' could have easily been the understudy to Hybrid Theory's finale, 'Pushing Me Away', had the latter not preceeded the former by about two years.  <br />To the band's credit, there are a few moments of tentative and almost reluctant experimentation.  Guitarist Brad Delson ends up tuning his PRS guitars far below Hybrid Theory's, which lends itself to a slightly heavier feeling.  Turntablist Joe Hahn has found himself a much more prominent niche this time around, weaving his samples in and around Delson's meaty riffs, and giving the album a techno sheen that Hybrid Theory very weakly exhibited.  'Hit the Floor', as the tome of an inlay explains, was an attempt at \\"a heavy song with a hip-hop bounce\\", and comes across as sounding like a heavy-handed nod to Jay-Z's sophomoric rap hit, 'Big Pimpin'.  'Breaking the Habit' finds David Campbell (Beck's dad) working his magic via live strings, to surprisingly cohesive and enjoyable results.  The last noteworthy attempt to add to the Linkin Park palate, 'Nobody's Listening', finds itself bogged down in Mike Shinoda's periodically monontonous emceeing, invoking memories of the band's pre-Hybrid Theory era, before then-freshly-added singer Chester Bennington really found his place within the context of the band.<br />Speaking of Bennington, as the band's most apparent talent, he has simply outdone himself.  Starting with the opening 'Don't Stay', the vocalist whips his cords through the usual grueling workout of caustic screams and harshly aggressive melodies, only to find brief moments of bell-clear crooning stuck in for a change of pace.  The only bone to pick with Bennington's performance on Meteora would be that at times the distinctively high and ungodly abrasive scream for which he is infamous turns into the static and boring copycat screams found in other far more pedestrian throats.  Merely a nitpick, but nonetheless something to point out.<br />All in all, despite the rather harsh language used in the review, Meteora is an enjoyable hook-filled listen if you've got a little over a half an hour to kill, and aren't looking for the next earth-shattering rock release (a search that is becoming more and more forced by media outletsdesperate for darlings to hang \\"the next Nirvana\\" labels on).  It's Hybrid Theory 2, but who honestly didn't expect that?  It's fun, it's brief, and by no means aurally heavy.  Linkin Park isn't the most profound band of the past few years, but they're at least one of the few bands in recent history that knows how to write a song, string a decent melody over it all, and make something that sounds something remotely original, even if that originality is copied a dozen times per album.  Three stars and two thumbs up for a good time.<br />Listen for:<BR>'Somewhere I Belong'<BR>'Easier To Run'<BR>'Lying From You'<BR>'Faint'<br />-Owen
0345451325|5.0|I do not own an X-Box, although I have played multiplayer with my friends.  That said, I do not know any plot behind Halo.  This book brought me into my friends' conversations, in fact placed my Halo knowledge ahead of theirs.  This book is completely original excluding the part where soldiers are trained, reminding me of a cross of Starship Troopers and Ender's Game.  If you like Sci-Fi, even if you have never heard of Halo, you will LOVE this book!
B0000047GA|5.0|This was truly the first jazz rock album and, 30 years on, it still maintains its classic status. Sure, the recording is rough. (Check out the \\"apology\\"/disclaimer in the booklet!), but it still works wonderfully.  I am a musician myself and this album was a gigantic influence on me.  Tony and John are great, but I think Larry Young steals the show wiwth his outer-outer-space organ.  What a master and what a shame that Larry was taken from us at such a relatively young age. My favorite: Sangria for Three, especially the parts where they really slow it down and it's mostly just John and Larry playing. Out there!!!
B00003BDXG|5.0|This 1994 film still packs quite a punch.  It's about a mass murdering couple, Mickey and Mallory.  They murder people just for fun and are widely excited by it all.  The media loves them. It's satire of course, and takes the murders and chaos to extremes, but there's a lot of truth here too.<br />Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis are the young couple and they play their roles well.  They are full of energy, romance and enthusiasm for what they do.  It is horrible.  And yet, they somehow catch the audience up in their glee.  Rodney Dangerfield has a small part the young woman's father.  He's an extreme of a cruel and hateful molester.  His murder seems justified in a way.  This is not so for the rest of the victims though who are randomly selected just because they happen to be in the wrong place as the wrong time.  There's a turning point, however, when Mickey and Mallory meet up with Russell Means, cast as an old Indian Chief, who has foretold what will happen. There's a cop who's after them, Tom Sizemore, who is more than a little attracted to Mallory.  And there's a prime time television host, Robert Downey Junior, who makes the mistake of arranging a live interview with them while they're in prison.  Oliver Stone directed.  And he got it all right.<br />I loved this film.  It moved fast, held my interest and had some interesting and provocative things to say.  The DVD extra features were wonderful too.  Interviews with the director, and cast members which added lots of insight as to how the film was made - all in a great big rush in 56 days, eating psychedelic mushrooms, improvising many of the scenes. They explained that some of the film was shot in a real prison with real prison inmates.  No wonder the riot that scenes looks so real.  I even took the time to watch all the deleted scenes, understanding exactly why they were deleted as the director made comments.<br />This is not a film for everybody.  But as for me, I give it one of my highest recommendations. Especially the DVD version.s. Especially the DVD version.
B00005YXZH|3.0|It's an odd record.  Not odd musically--the whole thing is soft guitar pop, and I'm not sure what Wilco's label thought was &quot;too out there&quot; for mainstream consumption.  I think it's odd in the sense of how Wilco decided to go about it.  It's essentially a concept album built around the themes of miscommunication, misunderstanding, and disconnect.  All that goes to explain the &quot;breaking&quot; at the ends of songs, the radio chatter, and the intruding noise, in addition to the lyrics.  So far so good.  But what tarnishes it for me is the flatness.  Tweedy really lacks any emotional range throughout the album.  Maybe he intended it that way to help with the theme, but it still holds the album back a little in my view.  Odder still, Tweedy has sung about the very same themes with much more emotion on past albums (&quot;Box Full Of Letters&quot; on A.M., &quot;Misunderstood&quot; on Being There, and &quot;Can't Stand It&quot; on Summerteeth, to name a few), so it's really puzzling to me why he chose to tone down an entire album to deal with the very same ideas.<br />Anyway, that said, I found it a fairly easy album to get into.  It's not going to make you want to get up and dance, but it definitely holds your attention lyrically if nothing else.  I don't regret buying it at all.
B00006RIO7|3.0|I love the musical Chicago which is why I have the original, New Broadway and London cast albums. This latest version is not as complete as the others and it wreaks havoc on the score with remixes. The pacing is slower which mars some of the energy this score demands: Cell Block Tango is far too languid and subsequently becomes a sensual exercise without the comic and ironic bite. <br />Catherine Zeta Jones is a very good Velma Kelly and is a vocal asset. Richard Gere is just terrible, the others passable.<br />Although the film version is a very good representation of the stage version, its pleasure are very visual: a DVD must. However, if one does want to listen to the complete score including Roxie's monologue with energy and verve, reach for the stage productions:<br />Original Broadway for the best Velma Kelly- Chita Rivera<BR>New Broadway Cast recording: Excellent Billy Flynn, Amos<BR>London Cast: Most complete/best Roxie/most energetic orchestra
B00006EXDM|4.0|If I was looking to point a casual fan toward a Rolling Stones retrospective, I'd completely pass on Forty Licks and tell them to go for Hot Rocks, without question.<br />Everybody knows that 1964-1971 were the golden years for the Stones, and this compilation, which deftly selected the hits from that era, is damn good stuff. All the landmark material is accounted for--Get Off Of My Cloud, Paint It Black, Let's Spend The Night Together, Gimme Shelter, Jumpin' Jack Flash, Street Fighting Man, Sympathy For The Devil, a live cut of Midnight Rambler, and of course, (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction. Although this will not satisfy diehard fans and I wish a few other songs were included (Stray Cat Blues, the Ya-Ya version of Carol, Sister Morphine, She's A Rainbow, 2000 Man) everything here is grade-A gritty blues rock. The second disc could very well stand alone, it's that good.<br />As far as the SACD remasters are concerned, they are a massive improvement over the original remasters in every conceivable way. And don't believe the naysayers who claim the new versions are not compatible with PCs--they are.<br />If you have this and Exile On Main Street, you're set as a casual fan. Completists will want the individual albums, but Hot Rocks does a damn good job of capturing the Stones at their finest before old age and drug abuse set in. Recommended.
038572179X|4.0|Atonement begins as a sublime, exquisite piece of fiction depicting a time long gone, then transitions into a quite a different story altogether, making the reader wonder if the same author wrote both parts.  The third section then brings a resolution of sorts which, if not as powerfully affecting as I would have liked, shows us much about the power of stories, and of why writers write.  To go into any specific detail would be to ruin the effect of this original and poignant novel.  Not the perfect book it is touted as being, but not one to be passed by.
B00008CLOA|5.0|I know, I know... What more could be said about this album that hasn't been said before? It's been reviewed and revisited and even re-released to death (I've got more than a half dozen versions myself), but this is easily the definitive version. Sticking strictly to fidelity as everyone knows the content is classic as well as just to the CD content (I have no SACD player -- yet), this is by far the best the album has ever sounded. Upon listening on some fairly expensive headphones, I'm sure I heard things I've never heard before: room reverb, instrument detail, some extra singing. This album sounds better than it ever has before, and I own the famous Mobile Fidelity gold disc! I can't wait to hear the surround mix!
0394251342|4.0|With its honest and sensual style, 'The Remains of the Day' is an oddly compelling multifaceted recount of 'days of ure'. Set in the summer of 1956, the novel, which heralds from the romance genre, is a realistic tale which investigates the relationship between the ruling class and their subjects during a politically disheartening time which led to the holocaust. Although on first reading, 'The Remains of the Day' does not at all appear to be a romance story. The novel does not follow any of the guidelines which are used for classical romance works. This novel uses almost an antihero in the form of Stevens, an elderly butler juxtaposed against Miss Kenton, a faceless heroine. These anti-romantic elements combined with the background story of the romance function to add meaning and create a somewhat forlorn nature to the story. <br />Fundamentally, a character driven story centred around the role of Stevens and his dedication to his job, 'The Remains of the Day', is told through Stevens's gentle and seamless narration as he embarks both mentally and physically down the path to his past where he discovers the courage to continue in his role as butler of Darlington Hall. Stevens himself, is a true gentleman who discovers the meaning of dignity through his devotion to his work and his employers. 'The Remains of the Day' is a tale with a multilayered narrative which investigates the notions of morality and moral responsibility as well as irony. Ishiguro writes flawlessly and creates a story which on one level can be read as a tale of one person's devotion to his work and on others can be seen as a tale of love lost, or a glimpse of the turbulent times around the early 20th century, or even as a view into the prestigious lives of the rich and their servants. <br />Despite the sad and at times depressive nature of this book, Ishiguro mixes irony and cynicism into a romantic, yet hostile, tale of life, love and unfulfilled dreams.
B00008CLOA|5.0|This is the first pop/rock multi-channel SACD that delivers on the promises made when the format was introduced.  Where other SACDs use the extra channels to provide goofy instrument placement and distracting pans, reminiscent of the \\"good ol' days\\" of quad, in this case everything works perfectly.  The surround channels wrap you in the atmospheric vocals, synth, and sound effects, while the front soundstage remains rock solid.  The two channel SACD version is excellent as well, but after listening in 5.1, you'll probably never go back.  This is Dark Side of the Moon like it was meant to be heard.
B000084T18|5.0|This cd was explosive, Fifty always had a lot of talent.  I first heard him off the &quot;In 2 Deep&quot; Orginal Soundtrack, and been bumpin Fifty's lyrics ever since then.  I think Fifty has proven himself and made it, and I don't think any of you should be hatin, cause I doubt your making the loot Fifty makes.  I personally like him more then Eminem, seeing as how Eminem just whines about his mother all through his damn CD.  I just wanted to add my opionon to a bunch of hyprocrites who are probably listening to Fifty's cd right now.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I love this cd, I just bought it a couple hours ago and I've been listening to it non-stop! Some songs have a different sound, but you can still tell its Linkin Park.<br />I would recommend this to any Linkin Park fan!
B00001U0E1|5.0|Pure delight!  I feel this film has one of the best scores in film history, and the screenplay is right up there as well.  Wonderful humor, excellent cinematography, fine acting (Geoffrey Rush at his best) all combine to make this film a must-have in anyone's DVD collection.  There is something for everyone in this movie, and I've yet to meet anyone who didn't love it.
B00008H2LE|5.0|What can i say i hate rap but i like rock and this cd just plain rocks i bought both copies the one with the 40 page booklet and the 1 with the dvd the dvd one is better but it u want a great cd get this one u wont be dissiponted
B00008CLOA|4.0|This new remaster of Dark Side of the Moon is a wonderful sonic treat. The subtle sound effects and rich tapestry of sound is now surrounding you in DSD 5.1 glory (if you have an SACD player) and the clarity is outstanding. I read where they went back to some original &quot;un-pre-mixed&quot; tracks that hanever been heard &quot;first-generation&quot; by any of us before. Very nice...<br />...BUT...<br />I have a few beefs, some minor, some major.<br />1. The song breaks are in the wrong places. Generally they take you not to the next track, but a few seconds before the real song break takes place. It's REAL aggravating. Oops...<br />2. The mix seems to me to be subtly different from what I'm used to (I never had the 92 remaster, only the original LP and CD releases) and in some cases, I'm afraid it's noticably different (inferior?) Most notably is &quot;Great Gig in the Sky&quot; where the wonderful vocal solo is relegated to the background, fighting for attention with the organ. This is somewhat mitigated by the surround mix, but on a standard CD player it was noticable, and a little irritating. Since I do a lot of listening in the car, I'm just not sure I wouldn't prefer the original CD to this there. Or I guess I could just burn the old vinyl copy onto CD (see below)<br />3. I'm sorry, but the title of this album is &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, not &quot;THE Dark Side of the Moon&quot; as it says on the spine of this reissue. Serious proofreading error, imho. Maybe it's intentional, to distinguish?<br />4. Nice new cover art, but the original was perfect. I wish that the book had been reversible, so you could have the original cover image. (btw, I didn't like the change they made in 92 either) I know it's nitpicking, but back in the days when album art was 12&quot; square it wouldn't have been.<br />Ultimately, it's worth getting if you're a fan of the album, and if you're not a fan of the album...what is your problem? But to my ears, as a CD, this does not surpass the High-quality Vinyl Original Master Recording from Mobile Fidelity that I listened to in the 80s (on a really good turntable and stereo). Unless of course, you must have surround. And if you must, you MUST hear this. The 5.1 mix is exhilirating, and not as obnoxious and &quot;un-musical&quot; as others I've heard. I give it 4 stars, because the SACD portion definitely gets 5, and the CD gets about 3, so I split the difference.t surpass the High-quality Vinyl Original Master Recording from Mobile Fidelity that I listened to in the 80s (on a really good turntable and stereo). Unless of course, you must have surround. And if you must, you MUST hear this. The 5.1 mix is exhilirating, and not as obnoxious and &quot;un-musical&quot; as others I've heard. I give it 4 stars, because the SACD portion definitely gets 5, and the CD gets about 3, so I split the difference.
6305922748|5.0|The words of David St. Hubbins (&quot;It's such a fine line between clever and stupid&quot;) could be applied in many ways to this film.  Rob Reiner and the rest of the cast, McKean, Guest, and Shearer, walk a very fine line between silly and extremely clever.  Fortunately, they almost get it perfect.  But an even more interesting line is the one between parody and reality.  I have seen real 'rockumentaries' that are almost as self-important, dim, and pretentious as this one.  Part of the brilliance of this film is that it could almost be taken seriously.  Almost.  It is amazing to watch this and see the other people who show up in the backbround (or briefly in the foreground) of the rather impressive cast.  It includes Fran Drescher, Patrick MacNee, Dana Carvey, Billy Crystal, Bruno Kirby, Howard Hessman, Angelica Huston, and Fred Willard.  This is truly a comic gem that invented its own genre as a 'mockumentary.'
B00004BZ0V|5.0|Some have ripped this c.d. Not all people are Clash maniacs like some of the reviewers. Don't get me wrong, the Clash was one of the most important, vital bands ever. I am a big fan of their music. For those of you who are not big fans and are curious, this disc will improve your music collection greatly.  This is an excellent greatest hits c.d.  Avoid the \\"Essential Clash\\".  It was released to capitalize on The Clash's induction into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame.  If you are the casual Clasher, this is the c.d. for you.
B00008H2LE|5.0|For those of you waiting for Meteora.Wait no longer.This album picks you up right where hybrid theory left you. Music &amp; Lyric wise this is Linkin at there top. if you're a Linkin Park fan buy this album. If you liked hybrid theory or reanimation then buy this album. My favorite songs are Somewhere I belong,Numb,&amp; Figure 8. hell this whole album is a favorite. Basically go buy this album and the bonus DVD is also worth it.The meteor has fallen now go pick it up.
B00005JLSE|5.0|Frankly, I used to think musicals weren't my thing. I am an 18 year-old male, so I never thought I'd like musicals. And then I saw Moulin Rouge, and loved it. When my friend Michelle told me Chicago would be released soon, I was skeptical, but interested. And I must say, I was COMPLETELY BLOWN AWAY. The film was incredible. The director found a great way to bring the stage to the screen. The aesthetics in this film are incredible. The film is just beautiful.<br />I am in high school, and I know that most high school students have a really really BAD taste in films. Unsurprisingly, most of them hated Chicago; however, most of them enjoy films like Jackass and South Park. <br />If you're into more intelligent, theatrical, aesthetically pleasing films, see Chicago!<br />I am hoping, due to Chicago and Moulin Rouge's successes, more musicals will be released in the upcoming years.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park delivers another winner with METEORA. Linkin Park refuses to be categorized. Are they a rock/rap band or a metal/hiphop band? The first single, &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; illustrates the blending of musical styles and the lyrics perhaps eerily hint at the band's frustration with categories. The songs on this CD make up a mesmerizing 37 minutes of music that capture the imagination of listeners from metal fanactics to hip-hoppers. Songs &quot;Don't Stay&quot; and &quot;Lying From You&quot; have the effective combination of hard-edged guitar work, funky beats, and Chester's Bennington's screams that work as well as on HYBRID THEORY. &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; (featuring Mike Shinoda rapping to a Shakuhachi flute) and &quot;Session&quot; have serious sampling groove appeal. All the songs fit together well and show the band's attention to detail. What's the deal with all the art? The enhanced CD comes with a 17-minute CD artwork production video and a 40-page booklet featuring artwork from Mike Shinoda, Joseph Hahn and others. The Linkin Park Underground (as their fans are called) is pleased and will grow.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Yo this cd is a must get.This Cd is near perfect....but still no cd will ever top Hybrid Theory...
B0000039PW|5.0|This album is a MUST-HAVE for any hip hop enthusiasts out there. Its the album that not only launched Puff Daddy Records, but also launched the career of The Notorious BIG. In fact it is hard to put in2 words how influential this album was. It shaped the future of east coast rap; and hit back at the dominant west coast rap scene, being driven 4ward by 2pac, dre, snoop, and all at Death Row records. Biggie's style demanded respect and attention, and alongside the business-minded puff daddy, the album was set 2 break boundaries. <br />And so it did, going platinum and becoming 1 of the biggest selling rap records ever. <br />Biggys ability 2 let u in2 his world with effortless ease is unmatched in modern hip hop. He wasnt 1 of the great writers, like say 2pac and Nas. But when it came 2 just spitting on the mic, he was untouchable. Its no wonder puffy searched so hard 2 find him after  lil ceasar played him biggys demo. The album is a hip hop air loom, and NEEDS 2 b bought. I cant emphasise that enough. Platinum speaks 4 itself.
B00004Z459|5.0|With the opening track, Paper Cut, Chester Bennington brings an intense sound thoughout the entirity of Hybrid Theory. This sound is unlike anything I have previous heard from today's somewhat template for rock music. The nu-metal bands, including the lackluster bizkit bands, have no originality. The rap vocals with heavy riffs seemed to have been overplayed, but this album is suprisingly a fresh beat to the ear. The amazing guitar work of axman Brad Delson, completments the catchy lyricist Mike Shinoda on many occasions and the music blends almost seemlesly. With the upcoming album, Meteora, I can only expect to hear new materpeices from such a amazing group. Linkin Park is here to stay, despite their new track's title &quot;dont stay&quot;...
067144901X|5.0|Love the book - it is just perfect for my 9 months old daughter. I either read it to her or she will leaf through it on her own, smiling at the pictures.
B00004XOWM|2.0|In my opinion, Limp Bizkit has taken a well proven formula, and completely [messed] with it. Significant Other was by far Bizkit's greatest album to date, but when i purchased this worthless table coaster i literally slammed it with a hammer. This is less than more indeed, and so is their new old songs cd. Both of these releases are worthy of my toilet and should have never been allowed out of the studio...man i hope that Wes is jamming to his even more terrible big dumb face cd...or perhaps his new eat the day tracks, lacking any talent or vocalist. Sure Wes has his own talent, but he never reaches full potential with a credible band. Bizkit makes me sick, and Durst does especially. Hot Dog was a track that i played a many times, just to remind myself how terrible Durst's lyrics are. Now, all of you, go out and forget the bizkit...for the forthcoming Bipolar disc will likely be the point of bizkit death...
B000002N2N|4.0|I was one of those die-hards who bought \\"It's Alive\\" as a double lp import, and remember having the Deadheads in my college dorm constantly complaining that I should turn it down. Over 20 years later, I am proud to still love this one LOUD. If you're looking for a clue as to why The Ramones led a revolution, this is the live album to start with.<br />This is, by far, the best of The Ramones' several live albums. It catches them in London 1977, between the brilliant \\"Rocket To Russia\\" and \\"Road To Ruin\\" records and launching a sea of imitators in their wake. It also sees them still loud fast and rough, barely pausing for breath between the end of each song and the ONE! TWO! THREE! FOUR! rapid-fire count of the next. It's twenty-eight songs in barely an hour, and you still wish there were more. How many records can you say that about?<br />The band was still inexperienced enough to be ragged but right, and it shows if you do a couple comparisons between this and other Ramones' live discs. Compare the supersonic version of \\"Sheena Is A Punk Rocker\\" here to the one on \\"Loco Live\\" and you'll realize that there was still a little time left before their early vitality would be sapped by too many years of middling success, grinding tours and rock life excesses. That's not to say that The Ramones were ever less than killers live; they were probably rock's best night out for the entire duration of their career.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Pointless probably to talk too much about the actual music - surely everyone has heard it about 12,000 times each already. In the charts for zillions of weeks blah blah. But really this sacd edition is something special. Ive played the album on my mudane little sony dvd/sacd player (multichannel) and my really-quite-good SONY 777ES 2 channel player. No question it's the best remaster by far. On the both sacd versions (2+5 channel) you'll notice more - discern more of the little bits of dialogue, really feel the low bass fuzz notes at the beginning of TIME - and be able to distinguish each and every one of the tuned tom toms Nick Mason plays - the separation is that good. The vocals soar impressively the sax is warm and rasping - its all a audiophile's dream. So thats the measured and subtle bit over and done with... <br />Switching to multichannel specifically then - The SACD DARK SIDE OF THE MOON will become defacto the multichannel demo record filling demo rooms in hifi and home cinema exhibitions up and down the land. It was always intended to be cinematic in design and impact and now that vision can be realised - footsteps chase around the speakers, airport noises appear from over here...and over there...and over there. Voices emerge from unexpected places, though, wisely probably, the band themselves are mostly solidly located in the front sound stage. On many other albums this sort of thing might all be a bit excessive, tasteless even, but THIS ALBUM WAS MEANT TO BE HEARD THIS WAY. In short it's fabulous, and dramatic and utterly wonderful.  Dvd players that also manage sacd are around for relatively little cash now - this is the reason to buy one.
B00008H2LB|3.0|I can't believe LP made such a big deal about this album.  This is not worthy of my $18 no matter how much junk you cram with it.  You can't keep anything off the internet no matter what you do, and now Linkin Park has realized this. It was all over the net the first day it came out. If LP wants to try to change the system they need look at the real problem.... the record companys.
B000002JKA|5.0|This CD was my first introduction to Dreamtheater, My Guitar teacher was amazed I had absolutely no idea who thye were - so he got the CD and placed it in his new Hi Fi system, and turned the volume knob to the right - you all know what that means right? :)<BR>He told me that the CD is their heviest and at first I thought, ok - there goes another metal rock progressive neo whatever band, but as I listened on and then again and again I realized that no was that these guys could be refered to as just : another band..<br />I was amazed by James's voice - I've never heard anything alike - later on I heard he has a vocal coach - unbelievable vocal range - and truely amazing and most sophisticated lyrics. regarding the music itself - unbelievable - the rythems are constantly changing turning these songs into true masterpieces.<br />So here are the songs:<br />6:00 - a heavy song, I'm still trying to get into it but it hasa really cool intro and James sucsessfuly manages to pull some amazing stunts with his voice.<br />Cought in a web - similar style to the first song, however it has a really catchy lyrics. and it often replaces my usual Shower song - Always by Bon Jovi :)))<br />Innocence Faded - if you have thin windows in your room do not, I repeat do not play this out loud - James reaches heights with his voice I didn't think any rock artist could... a really catchy pop fun song - but dont be fooled the harmony is amazing, it is simple yet very sophisticated in it's own dreamtheater special way.<br />Erotomania - this 6 minute instrumental masterpiece is the favorite for all guitar players out therem changing rythems styles, tension effects, it's all there - I managed to learn only the first 2 minutes, it will take am another month to learn to play the entire thing - it's a monster believe me.<br />Voices - one of the favorite songs among the Dreamtheater fans - don't know what ot say about it just listen to it and you'll see what the fuzz is all about..<br />The Silent man - An excellent single - a great acoustic song that easy to play yet very I repeat very difficult to sing well.<br />The Mirror - here James changes his style and goes further into real Hard Rock/Metal and the result is amazing.<br />Lie - still trying to figure it out - it's amazing.. similar style to The Mirror.<br />Lifting Shadows Off A Dream - Similar to song 3 in terms of style, fun to listen to, I swear you'll be singing the title for a long time after listening to it - it's just too good.<br />Scarred - very complex, masterpiece that starts with some blusy riffs, changing tempos styles etc. a bit similiar to voices. 10 minutes long and not boring or casual even for a second.<br />Space-Dye Vest - a melodic piano ending for the cd - short song, sort of relaxation.<br />So, in closing, This CD and this band in general can not be used as background music! be warned you'll can't concentrate while you're listening to these amazing songs. So click on ADD TO SHOPPING CART and I mean RIGHT NOW!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Meteora is soon to be the best rock album of 2003 and years to come! In this cd you get a 40 page booklet+lyrics, a dvd(the making of meteora)the cd has a webpage builder the somewhere i belong video a screensaver,aim icons and a whole lot more. Now the reason i say that it is a continuation is because the songs have that same vibe as hybrid theory but without copying the old songs. One song i would like to point out is &quot;Numb&quot; the last song on the album sounds alot like the Hybrid Theory song &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot; some of the voice flows and beats sound similar. The bonus dvd (34:16 mins) is a really good idea because it shows how down to earth these guys really are and how much they've matured since Hybrid Theory. Take my advice and spend the extra money for the cd/dvd package it's definatly worth it!
B000002WYT|5.0|This album is stunning in its diversity and originality.  What other rock band of its time can pull off such an original sound such as this?  While all DMB albums I have heard are enjoyable to listen to, this is the best of the best.<br />&quot;So Much To Say&quot; is a catchy, thought-provoking opener.  &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; is a huge, sultry, mellow hit.  &quot;Too Much&quot; rocks with its guitar and horn arrangments.  The flute at the beginning of &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; leads into an amazingly poignant song.  &quot;Drive In Drive Out&quot; rocks, while &quot;Let You Down&quot; is laid back.  &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; is another epic, rocking highlight near the end of the album.<br />This album is 12 tracks but about 68 minutes, meaning that there are a lot of long jams on the album.  (Take the long instrumental portion towards the end of &quot;Lie In Our Graves&quot; as an example.)  The musical arrangments are unique almost beyond description with the combination of guitars, horns, violins, and numerous other instruments.  The pace varies from catchy uptempo numbers to accoustic pleasantries.  Nearly seven years after its release, this album has more than proven its worth as a modern day classic.  Strongly recommended as the strongest album thusfar from a very unique, amazing band.
B00008H2LB|4.0|If you liked Hybrid Theory, Meteora delivers more of the same style you grew used to.  However, the CD only clocks in around 36 minutes, so it could have been longer.  If I had to pick a couple songs that I like above the others on the CD, I'd probably say 'Hit the Floor' and 'Breaking the Habit' would be those two.  Overall, it was worth the money.
B00008H2LB|5.0|WHEN I FIRST GOT LINKIN PARK:METEORA YESTERDAY,I LISTENED TO ALL THE SONGS AND I LIKED IT,THE SONGS I LIKED MOST IS NUMB,BREAKING A HABIT, AND SOMEWHERE I BELONG, SO THAT MEANS I GOT HYBRID THEORY AND METEORA, ALL THE BOYS LIKE LISTENING TO LINKIN PARK, I HEARD IN THE END ON Q102 IN THE YEAR 2002,AND THEN IN 2003,I GOT HYBRID THEORY IN THE MAIL,I LISTENED TO IT DAY AND NIGHT,AND I GOT MY BEST FRIEND LINKIN PARK:HYBRID THEORY AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT AND HE LIKED LINKIN PARK ALOT TOO,THERE ARE 6 BOYS IN THE BAND THEY ARE CHESTER,ROB,BRAD,MIKE,JOE, AND PHOENIX, IF YOU HAVE NOT HEARD LINKIN PARK YOU'RE MISSIMG OUT.
B00005JL96|3.0|This is a fun, strange and quite amusing little flick, assuming you're an adult and/or have kids that are older. <br />For those with younger children, don't let the Disney name fool you, as this isn't standard kid's fare, and the violence, name calling, abuse and utter disregard for values is troubling and should not be part of a young child's movie collection.<br />Me, I enjoyed the flick, but no way I'm letting my 3-year old near it until she's much older.
B00008H2LB|5.0|WHEN I FIRST GOT LINKIN PARK:METEORA YESTERDAY,I LISTENED TO ALL THE SONGS AND I LIKED IT,THE SONGS I LIKED MOST IS NUMB,BREAKING A HABIT, AND SOMEWHERE I BELONG, SO THAT MEANS I GOT HYBRID THEORY AND METEORA, ALL THE BOYS LIKE LISTENING TO LINKIN PARK, I HEARD IN THE END ON Q102 IN THE YEAR 2002,AND THEN IN 2003,I GOT HYBRID THEORY IN THE MAIL,I LISTENED TO IT DAY AND NIGHT,AND I GOT MY BEST FRIEND LINKIN PARK:HYBRID THEORY AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT AND HE LIKED LINKIN PARK ALOT TOO,THERE ARE 6 BOYS IN THE BAND THEY ARE CHESTER,ROB,BRAD,MIKE,JOE, AND PHOENIX, IF YOU HAVE NOT HEARD LINKIN PARK YOU'RE MISSIMG OUT.
B00008H2LE|2.0|Linkin Park has always been a favorite of mine, from their early EP to their days in 2000 when Hybrid Theory was released and before it went huge. &quot;Meteora&quot; has a lot of hybrid sounds, but doesn't have the roots of LP. Too me, the background effects put on by Mr. Hahn are spectacular, but Shinoda's lyrics have changed, and so has their sound. I think this album is a big version of the song, &quot;In The End.&quot; Its too soft and melodic for true numetal or rock fans. Although it is appealing to listen to while relaxing, the true rocker and old school LP fan will find this album to be very disappointing. Those Grey Daze are coming back faster than we know it.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Meteora has been on shelves for less than 24 hours and already it has won me over.  If you were a fan of Hybrid Theory, or a music lover in general, you owe it to yourself to at least give it a listen.  Hybrid Theory has been practically glued into my car stereo for the past couple of years.  I guess Meteora is the answer.  Will I retire Hybrid Theory? No...it is still one of my favorite cd's ever.  Will I recommend Meteora just as highly...absolutely.
B000084T18|5.0|First off I want to say that 50 Cent is awesome. His music is something that you can bob your head and chill to. He, like Eminem, is someone that came out with a boom and is going to be around for awhile. So to all of you people who have negative things to say about 50 Cent, ...get over it; he's here to stay.   ;o)
B00000612P|5.0|In retrospect, Rod Stewart's early career appears to have been a miracle.  His later career was a huge disappointment, not because his music was so terrible (it wasn't, really), but because fans like me couldn't believe that an artist who seemed to have developed a seamless blend of folk, rock, soul and country that at once sounded highly traditional and completely innovative would turn his back on his muse.  But the muse is in full control on this album, as she was on \\"Gasoline Alley\\" \\"The Rod Stewart Album\\" and \\"Never a Dull Moment.\\"<br />Listening to this album in totality after many years (I confess I heard it not as a stand alone, but as part of the highly enjoyable \\"Complete Mercury Years\\" set, which is worth getting if you're ready to go the whole hog, and intelligently programs the albums rather than trying to re-sort the songs), what stands out to me is that the hit songs were somewhat arbitrarily chosen.  \\"Maggie May\\" and \\"Mandolin Wind\\" are great songs, with the characteristic viewpoint of Rod's self-penned songs in those days, the betrayed innocent looking back on the bittersweet episodes of his past.  He was a troubador for those emotions.  But he probably could've gotten just as big a hit out of his gorgeous version of Bob Dylan's \\"Tomorrow is a Long Time,\\" or his fierce, slide guitar anchored cover of Elvis' \\"That's All Right,\\" (which has a strange but lovely coda of \\"Amazing Grace\\").  It's that consistent.<br />My favorite era of pop music was the late 60s and early 70s, when it seems to me rock music was at its most creative and yet its most deeply-rooted to the American culture.  Whether it was Rod Stewart or The Band, or early Little Feat, or that period of the Rolling Stones and the Kinks, or Eric Clapton, or George Harrison, or Van Morrison, or Taj Mahal, or Fairport Convention, or even Dylan himself with albums like John Wesley Harding or Nashville Skyline, the music of this time had a strength, confidence, beauty, and vision that it has never achieved so consistently since.  This was more than music--it was literature.  It was not about teenage rebellion. It was not solely about sexual frustration or idealized love.  It was about life.  And for a few years, \\"life\\" dominated the charts!achieved so consistently since.  This was more than music--it was literature.  It was not about teenage rebellion. It was not solely about sexual frustration or idealized love.  It was about life.  And for a few years, \\"life\\" dominated the charts!
B00008CLOA|2.0|I know, I know....how can a guy bad mouth DSOTM from 1973? Hey, I was there the first time on vinyl and it is still a landmark recording. However it does not sound like much has improved with the 5.1 re-mix. It would have been better to go all the way and re-mix it in DTS or DVD Audio (5.1) rather than try the hybrid SACD format. I have an excellent BOSE 6.1 sound system and this release of a great album is a real disappointment. If you're looking for bigtime surround sound out of this version...fahgettaboutit, it won't happen. Bummer, dude!
B000003S2M|5.0|It is incredible to me how such minimal music can be so beautiful. Primarily just sparse piano melodies, it is astounding in a subtle kind of way, music that blends into any mood, environment or atmosphere. <br />It's relaxing yet not boringly so, hypnotic yet not distractingly so, background music that you can not quite ignore. I've played this in my car and it will have been playing for quite some time when someone will notice how beautiful it is and comment on it. It is the fact it takes some time to notice it that is so striking. <br />I use this to study, write or when the radio and music with singing is just a bit much on the drive. It provides just enough of a lift to become absorbed into the task at hand.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Pink Floyd's classic Darkside of the Moon defies time.  This remastering of Darkside is incredible.  The clarity is unpeckable.  Get this CD,even if u already have it.  I already had the 20TH Anniversary Edition, this 30Th Anniversary disc blows it out of the water.
B00001ZULV|4.0|I admit that I came to Genesis after the departure of Peter Gabriel, which means that I was listening to top 40 Genesis versus the more challenging music attempted by Peter Gabriel. Despite the lack of experimentation and depth, Genesis did turn out one serviceable song after another, and a few of these songs are excellent.<br /><br />This CD focuses on the Phil Collins years, which makes sense from the title, \\"The Hits\\". As I noted above, Peter Gabriel was trying for a more cutting edge and artistic sound that some consider to be progressive rock. Typically that type of rock doesn't make for commercial hits, though the music is often artistically better than released singles. The CD also includes one song from the post-Phil Collins years, \\"Congo\\". Thus there is at least an attempt to represent Genesis throughout the group's existence.<br /><br />I was surprised to hear more keyboards in these songs than I remembered hearing. One of the characteristics of many popular 80s groups was their heavy reliance on synthesizers and other keyboards, and Genesis was no exception. As an example, \\"Abacab\\" from 1981 was strongly keyboard oriented.<br /><br />From the title, this CD must focus on Genesis' hits, and it certainly does. \\"Invisible Touch\\", \\"I Can't Dance\\", \\"No Son of Mine\\", and \\"Tonight, Tonight, Tonight\\" are among the numerous top 40 hits that Genesis seemed to churn out regularly throughout the 80s into the early 90s. There is much to listen to from these songs, and it's the inclusion of these songs that make this CD perfect for the casual fan. However, there is more on this CD.<br /><br />\\"I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)\\" is a reggae-influenced song featuring the original five-member lineup from 1973s \\"Selling England by the Pound\\". This song seems a little out of place in comparison to the predominantly middle-of-the-road pop selections featured on this CD. The intro has a very progressive sound that becomes a flavor as the song evolves. The full-bodied sound is more alternative and challenging than much of Genesis' pop music years.<br /><br />Another song that seems a bit out of place is \\"Congo\\". This song from the post-Phil Collins CD \\"Calling All Stations\\" still retains a pop flavor, but with four members in the lineup and a styling that could recall Duran Duran at the peak of their popularity. I enjoy this song and am tempted to either borrow or buy the CD from which it comes to see whether the other music on that CD is consistent with this song.<br /><br />The last out of place song is a 1999 remake of \\"The Carpet Crawlers\\" from 1974s \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\", hailed by some as a great progressive album. Several other reviewers have stated that this song is a great improvement over the original, and wish the rest of the album would be re-recorded. This song does sound good, but it is not a pop song. In some ways I would consider this particular song the best from this entire CD. I have considered buying \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" since it has been compared to other progressive albums I have enjoyed.<br /><br />You know what you are going to get with a Genesis \\"hits\\" CD. The pop was solid, generally very listenable and good; little in the way of breakthrough music. However, at least three of the songs give you a flavor of the breadth of which Genesis was capable. For the casual fan that enjoys Genesis' top 40 music, I highly recommend this CD. For those that preferred Genesis before Phil Collins became the lead vocalist, you may want to stick to buying the albums from the Peter Gabriel era.d is more alternative and challenging than much of Genesis' pop music years.<br /><br />Another song that seems a bit out of place is \\"Congo\\". This song from the post-Phil Collins CD \\"Calling All Stations\\" still retains a pop flavor, but with four members in the lineup and a styling that could recall Duran Duran at the peak of their popularity. I enjoy this song and am tempted to either borrow or buy the CD from which it comes to see whether the other music on that CD is consistent with this song.<br /><br />The last out of place song is a 1999 remake of \\"The Carpet Crawlers\\" from 1974s \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\", hailed by some as a great progressive album. Several other reviewers have stated that this song is a great improvement over the original, and wish the rest of the album would be re-recorded. This song does sound good, but it is not a pop song. In some ways I would consider this particular song the best from this entire CD. I have considered buying \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" since it has been compared to other progressive albums I have enjoyed.<br /><br />You know what you are going to get with a Genesis \\"hits\\" CD. The pop was solid, generally very listenable and good; little in the way of breakthrough music. However, at least three of the songs give you a flavor of the breadth of which Genesis was capable. For the casual fan that enjoys Genesis' top 40 music, I highly recommend this CD. For those that preferred Genesis before Phil Collins became the lead vocalist, you may want to stick to buying the albums from the Peter Gabriel era.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Well they werent really gone, but who cares this cd rules, ive been following them since when they were called hybrid theory, and they truly are the best out there, again mike and chester bring what no one else has or can, highly recommended
B00005QIPH|5.0|this cd is awesome. jules's soulful voice and the great guitarists combine to make really really great songs. i have listened to this cd millions of times and still love it. i would recomend this cd to anyone.
B00008H2LE|5.0|As every LP fan knows, it's been 3 years since their debut album, Hybrid Theory, was released and became a multi-platinum smash hit, and last year, they released their remix album, Reanimation. Now, they have released Meteora, and, being an old LP fan, they have struck gold, once again! Every song on this album is listenable, and worth the money!!!! In the songs, it is easy to tell that the guys put their hearts and souls into making this album, and hopefully, it will be almost as big a success as their first album. Besides Somewhere I Belong, there are songs on this album that really stick out, such as Lying From You, Easier To Run, Numb, and more, that'll nearly guarantee this album a lot of credit! I hope to see them live this summer! For those who believe that Linkin Park has sold out, just give this album a chance, and then, see how you view them. For all you old LP fans, buy this album! It is so worth it!
B00008H2LE|1.0|Just want to get these reviews started off on the right foot!<br />If you loved their first album, you'll love this one too. It's pretty much the same thing. In fact, some of the songs sound like sequels to songs on the first album, like &quot;In the End, Part 2.&quot;<br />On the other hand, if you felt that their first album was processed, contrived pop, then this album won't convert you.<br />I'll be the first to admit that they do have some pretty interesting chord progressions -- certainly better than most pop bands out there. (And if it weren't for Mike's token rapping, they'd be descent.) But it's just plain wrong to market this as metal. In general, &quot;nu-metal&quot; is not metal at all, but rather heavy pop -- like what N'sync or Tori Amos or Michelle Branch might sound like with heavily distorted guitars. Linkin Park is exactly such music.<br />For more formulaic heavy pop, check out Evanescence and Tatu (and try not to hurl).
B00005T30L|4.0|Directed by Terry Zwigoff (CRUMB) and scripted by Zwigoff and Daniel Clowes from the latter's comic book.<BR>It is the early 80s, and punk rock has been replaced by new wave. Wannabe punk Enid (Thora Birch) and Rebecca (Scarlett Johnansen) are a pair of misfit best friends who reply to a personal ad as a prank. The victim turns out to be an eccentric loner named Seymour (Steve Buscemi), a guy who according to Enid is \\"such a dork, he's almost kind of cool\\". But when Enid and Rebecca start to drift apart after graduating high school, Enid ends up befriending Seymour; who lives for his LP collection and she soon finds in him a kindred spirit. Enid discovers she needs Seymour a lot more than she ever thought. <BR>GHOST WORLD features a rather simple story (A basic but effective subplot involves Enid's interaction with an elderly man who is each day waiting for a bus which never seems to arrive) but one that is real and affecting. Both leads are great; especially Buscemi in what is for me his best role since RESERVOIR DOGS. GHOST WORLD is one movie you must see this year. One of Robert Crumb's drawings also appears in the film.
B00008H2LE|5.0|In what is said to be a curse for a band, releasing their sophmore album..Linkin Park proves that not all bands go that way. In their follow up to Hybrid Theory, Linkin Park delivers an even better sound that they've made they're own, mixing amazing guitar and vocals with the use of great skilled turntabling. In just one day, I've listened to the disk 2 times straight through, and amazed at how well it all flows together. If you enjoyed Hybrid Theory, or even just one song from these guys, do yourself a favor and pick up this set, along with the DVD which takes a look in to the grueling process of putting together the amazing CD. Your sure to enjoy!
B00008H2LB|5.0|If you liked the first you'll love the second.  No sophomore slump here!
B00008H2LB|4.0|Okay... I found Linkin Park's &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; to be a good debut album.  It wasn't too sophisticated, but full of very real energy.  A breath of fresh air.  Youngsters giving it their all, full speed ahead, damn the torpedoes!<br />As for Meteora... well, I'm a bit disappointed with the fact that this album sounds VERY much like Hybrid Theory.... just a bit better.  The samples are cleaner, the vocals are sharper -- but I still wish that the lyrics would address something other than the pain-pride-hide-run-groan-life's-hard subject.<br />It's a good album.  I just think they could have made it better.<br />The saving grace of this album is &quot;Breaking the Habit,&quot; a nonstopping, head-bopping, toe-tapping knockout, which really stands out.  It's the only song where Chester gets by on singing alone, no yelling.<br />Although this record finds the band in neutral, i still consider Linkin Park the Nirvana of this generation.  It's a dark, dark world, and kids need music like this.<br />Bottom line?  It's Hybrid Theory, 2.0.  Whether this is good or bad is up to you.
B00008H2LB|5.0|If you liked the first you'll love the second.  No sophomore slump here!
0684833395|5.0|I read Catch-22 on the beach before many a Fijian sunset. The fact that i couldn't take my eyes from the page to admire the surreal postcard display before me has to say something about this book. I stayed up til four each morning because i never wanted to stop reading. This is just ONE OF THOSE BOOKS. Heller's vision is of such a complete story, a beyond-history, where events are visited and revisited and new light is shed on them, but the omnipotent power of the author is felt in the filtering of accurate details throughout. I just found Heller's control over his narrative mesmerising. Aside from this structural point, Catch-22 would be nothing without its characters. I don't remember ever delighting so much in the exploits of so many characters. An entire air-force base, virutally, is evoked in chapter after chapter of brilliant scenes and funny histories.<br />Watch out for: Hungry Joe, Major Major, Milo, Orr, Doc Daneeka, The Chaplain, Sheissekopf, aw heck, i won't list the rest, but they're all good!<br />Particularly relevant now, and in any time of war in the future (sadly, the fact is inevitable), is Heller's portrayal of the madness of war. Anyone can say it, anyone can glorify it, but Heller was actually there. He served as a bombadier (Yossarian, his protagonist, does too). But its not just the war, its any government, any big business, any SYSTEM, which oppresses you, beats you into submission and makes you do its dirty work at the expense of your life love and liberty. The SYSTEM that you can't escape from, no matter what - and as soon as you want to escape, it uses this against you to shackle you back to it again.<br />Despite this, though, like other truly great books, you don't get the sense of being badgered by it. You laugh along with the third-person narrator and you read about characters and story. You don't ever feel that you're getting a book of straight ideas: always a dry, suffocating thing. He isn't telling us a anything, he isn't teachingus anything, he's showing us something - and allowing us to make of it what we will. Heller has made a book with an overriding theme, a satirical novel, but he hasn't written another Bible. He presents a situation, he doesn't pretend to have all the answers. The only thing he knows for sure, is that war doesn't solve anything.<br />There are no words to describe the sort of funny Heller's book is, except maybe laugh-out-loud. I don't remember laughing so much at a book.<br />Like Catcher in the Rye, Catch-22 is a book which will make you feel throughout and after you're finished both happy and sad: happy that a book like this exists, though shocked that it fell into your hands, but sad over the fact that you doubt you'll ever find another as good.<br />If in doubt, though, try Vladamir Nabokov's Lolita and Catcher in the Rye. Remarkable, lyrical, hilarious books are indeed hard to come by.
055321263X|5.0|Wow! I cannot describe the excitement and the suspense this book had stirred in me. It was painful to have to put the book down when it was time for bed (which was way into the night). Wilke Collins is now definitely one of my favorite writers of all time. I regret not having discovered him sooner, but now I know and my next project will be reading THE MOONSTONE. <br />The plot is complicated, and it keeps one on the edge at the turn of every page. I particularly enjoy the way it is written in the form of narratives. One cannot help but feel despair for the characters of Watler, Laura, Marian, and The Woman in White, and yet at the same time feel intrigued and awed by the villains. <br />I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to experience a MIGHTY good time!
0440192285|3.0|Entertaining little collection including the very funny title story; one of Poirot's most hilarious cases. As stated in another review, the Cornish Mystery is identical to another tale in the Labors of Hercules (with a few slim changes)while the Plymouth Express is a very close prelude to Christie's longer story (in novel form) The Mystery of the Blue Train (again with almost identical similarities.) Some of the tales are in third person then abruptly turn to first person when Col. Hastings takes over to round out the remaining adventures. Overall: a nice, diverting addition to the Christie library, if only to compare the stories to their different versions. P.S> The Submarine Plans was also published in Murder on the Mews under the title the Incredible Theft; again with some slight modifications.
0151008116|4.0|I found this book to be loosely similar to the movie Cast Away and the book The Old Man and the Sea; add an Indian boy, his bengal tiger, and other miscellaneous animals. Having enjoyed both of those books for their symbolism and also for their general story lines, I very much liked Life of Pi too.<br />I picked up this book for a change of pace from my usual reads,  and aside from the previously made parallels, I got what I hoped for. This is a tale of adventure and survival that forces the reader to keep turning the pages to learn how Pi gets through another day at sea. On his way to Canada from India with his family and animals from his father's zoo, the ship Pi os on sinks, and he is the sole survivor.<br />Pi finds himself in a life boat with some intimidating life boat mates from the zoo. I particularly enjoyed the complex relationship between Pi and Richard Parker, a Bengal Tiger, and I was touched by the way they were ultimately separated. <br />The ending of this book is also compelling as Pi tries to tell his story to two men who want nothing more than to learn how the ship Pi started out on sank. Disbelieving of Pi's story despite his survival after 227 days at sea, Pi offers them alternative realities. All that really matters is the young man's resilience and the human will to survive.<br />The only part of this book that moved slowly for me was the beginning. Although religion can play into this story if the reader chooses for it to, I found part one to be disjointed and unnecessary. While it seemed important to the author to establish Pi's belief in several religions, most of it didn't seem entirely essential to the rest of the story. If I were to read it again, I might skip most of the beginning entirely.<br />This is a book I would recommend for a unique, fast paced adventure at sea. It is beautifully written and highly entertaining. It also makes you think differently about the complexities of the world, and about the every day conveniences we've come to take for granted.
0679720200|5.0|meursault is not detacted from reality, but rather, he lives life through nature which is not subject to manipulation;i.e. religion, relationships.<br />     this is shown at the time of the death of the arab. meursault does not intend to murder the arab, he is acting in self-defence. camus's choice of words here discribes nature as being violent so meursalt reacts to this by defending himself. the arab just happens to be there. meursault is immediately aware that his life has just changed, therefore \\" it was like knocking four quick times on the door of unhappiness\\".<BR>this shows that meursault is attached to reality. he was, and will be again, happy and in love with life. <br />     this said, i do not believe the stranger is a book written to be explained.
B000068TPN|5.0|Unlike previous Vietnam war movies, We Were Soldiers doesn't portray our military as brutal, pot smoking, resentful monsters. This movie shows the 1964 battle between routhly 400 American soldiers against 2,000 battle hardened North Vietnamese.  War is Hell, and this movie shows graphic representations of the horrors of war as well as the brilliant tactics that can make or break a battle.<br />Soldiers fight for a number of reasons, but when it comes down to it, they fight for each other and they sometimes die so others among them can live.<br />This movie also shows the horrors that face the families of the soldiers who are on the homefront.  Wives of soldiers living day to day, fearing the arrival of a messanger bearing a telegraph that will tell of their soul mate's death.<br />This movie doesn't glorify war, or pass judgement against the enemy they fought.  Our soldiers, just like the people they fight  have wives, girlfriends, parents, and children.  We cannot forget this, and remember that they are all soldiers and fight for each other and for their own cause.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I bought this CD the first day it was available and was pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting Meteora to sound very similar to Hybrid Theory, but after listening to the entire album it became apparent that Linkin Park has grown as a band and have found their own unique sound.  In a time when every band you hear on the radio sounds exactly like the one proceeding it, Meteora is worth a listen to and, if you are a Linkin Park or hard rock fan, this CD is worth a buy.  Don't pass this one up.
B00008H2LB|4.0|It's pretty good. But there is about 3 or 4 songs that are just sung by the guy that doesn't rap. Most of those songs are too soft for linkin park. But Most of the Cd Kicks ...The first half of the cd till about up to track 8 is awesom. I definately recommend it. Maybe I'll like the songs I don't like with time. That's how it was for me with the first Linkin Park Cd. And then I started liking almost every song on their. .... It was worth it...
B00008H2LE|5.0|This cd is genious.  I have heard a ton of the tracks on it and they totally live up to expectations.  I know that their last album is hard to top but i think this could really do it.  Go get it for sure!!!!!!
B00008H2LE|5.0|If you thought Hybrid Theory was the best material to come from Linkin Park, you're very wrong. The guys manage to out-do themselves with Meteora. The lyrics are tighter, the samples are more advanced, and the music is still heavy as hell, which all make for one kick[ing] album. Every ... song is amazing, so it's really hard to pick a favorite. If you're a fan of LP you definitely need to own this cd!!
B000089RVX|5.0|It's been a long time since I was this jazzed about a group. The music is powerful, melodic, and I can't get it out of my head. I listen to both Metallica and Enya. This album by Evanescence bears a reminder to both in certain ways, yet it becomes a singular genre on its own. Truly great work. This has been the only CD I keep in my CD player since I bought it. The buyer will not be disappointed.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Yo This CD Is Off The Hook its Almost as Good as the First!!But Some Songs Killed it but like 90% of the songs Are the Best!!! I would recommend you buy this Cd its worth its even better listenin to it Real LOUD!!!!!!! in tha Car OMG!!Its better than Reanimation i think,but their first cd is the best ever!!!I love all the Songs except(Nobodys listening,From the Inside, and that stupid Dj...) I hate that i want rappin and singin not jus sound unless it has tight beats but it dont mr. Hahn...!!! and the intro is lik 10 seconds of jus pounding its stupid too!! but the rest of the Cd is DA BOMB!!! So Get It!!!...
B00005JKZT|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Lord of the Rings by Tolkien.  I also love the films, but the first had some \\"transformations\\" that I did not agree with.  The Fellowship did not give enough character information on all of the characters: like Sam, Aragorn, and Merrry and Pippin.  I think Jackson simplified their characters too much to make Frodo seem more important.  This is contrary to Tolkien's work.  His work is the antithesis of all the hero stories where there is one main hero, who does everything.  Tolkien has many heroes in many forms.  The Ents are heros.  Aragorn and Sam.  Gimli and Legolas.  NOT just Frodo.  It is not just him saving the world. It is everyone's actions combined.  <BR>Jackson I am glad to say corrected his few errors in the magnificent Two Towers.  He gave every character there due and made Merry and Pippin like they should have been in the first movie.  <BR>The one thing that Jackson and his crew changed that I agreed with was giving Arwen and Aragorn's romance a bigger presence.  It made the movie all the more profound and enjoyable.  <BR>Jackson and his crew did the impossible with creating Gollum and the Ents to perfection without making them seem funny or fake.  <BR>THERE was one change that diminished the film for me.  Jackson changed Faramir's character and took away his goodness and purpose by making him just like his brother.  When in reality he lets Frodo and Sam go and proves he is a better person than Boromir.  Also that men can resist the ring's power.  The Two Towers is better than Fellowship but has it very few flaws.  <br />This movie expands Tolkien's universe like the first could not as a film.  It may not be completely loyal to Tolkien but made that up in the character development all the way around.  It is beautifully shot and acted.  The score is grand and sad just like the book.  Viggo Mortensen once again proved he is ARAGORN.  Sean Astin was given the time to show the true and pure spirit that is SAMWISE.  Gollum and Treebeadneed I say more.  <br />Jackson has proven again that Tolkien can be adapted.  He did some things wrong, but overall he gave the viewer a glimpse into the world of Tolkien.  These are hard novels to adapt and sometimes I cannot believe they were transfered as well as they were.  <br />Jackson shows a small piece of Tolkien, but to truly experience and appreciate Tolkien you must read the books.  They are amazing and there is nothing like them in literature.
B00008H2LE|5.0|When I was going to buy this album I was really looking forward to it hoping that it would be as good as the last you know its all new material everythings new I was hoping I wasn't gonna get ripped off and sho-nuff this album is just... theres not even a word to discribe how good it is. <br />From the Lyrics to the Emotion, to the Artwork this is a Great album if you are a Linkin Park Fan and Your wondering should you buy it the answer is YES go buy it you will not be disapointed, I love it! <br />There is One song I cannot stop listening to on the album which is #11 - Nobody's Listening, it has sort of a hip-Hop melody of a Japanease Flute and the rock edge and vocals are amazing.<br />I have to just say this my favorite thing about linkin park is that they are so artistically gifted through musical first of all and then the talents of pictoral Art work, it being web and graphic design artwork, to doing there own videos There truly a [1 of a kind band] and the band is so diverse everybody can realte to somebidy in the band. GO GET THIS ALBUM!, GO GET ALL OF THERE ALBUMS!
0142000655|5.0|What an incredibly written novel portraying the Biblical story of Cain and Abel! I have never come across a book this great. Steinbeck did a marvelous job in putting his thoughts and themes together throughout the book. Each characters is very well defined and each symbolizes either the good or the evil. Thimsel- \\"thou mayest\\" is a Hebrew word that means \\"GOD has given humans the choice to overcome their sins\\". This phrase means a great deal to the novel and in fact, it is the core idea of the novel. A person might inherit characterstics of his predecessors, but he is the one who has the ability choose whether to follow though it or to stand up on his own conscience.
B000069CWE|5.0|I Love Linkin Park I think that they are so diverse of a band and truly one of the worlds most talented bands out there being so spacially talented through all kinds of artwok lt that be Music and actual art, and videos. This CD made me even more of a fan than before being just a remix album this is the best remix album I have ever heard in my life, Showing all the different styles Like - Hip-Hop &amp; Techno then how they mix it w/ the Rock is Genius, I don't think LimpBizkit could ever come out w/ something sounding so complete like this album, it's solid like a Rock, none of the songs sound the same hardly and I like that it shows alot of work went into this project krawling w/ Aaron lewis uhh... all I can say is that when U hear it [I guarantee it will make Ur skin crawl,... seriously!] his voice is so haunting, but so harmonizing in this song I love it. GET THIS ALBUM!
B00008PX8P|5.0|After having watched \\"The Song Remains The Same\\" umpteenth times, this is a welcome visual and sonic treat. Mastered in DTS surround sound, I cannot wait to crank this up. It is odd that no footage is available from 1977 which hopefully the three surviving members will correct. Having watched the complete performances of Danish TV 3/13/69, Earls Court 5/24/75, Seattle 7/17/77, Knebworth 8/11/79 concerts in my personal archives...it is a thrill that an official masterful release is finally being heaped upon the masses. To those who don't know or never experienced the band, it is a chance to see why they will and always be the reigning champs of hard rock and blues. As the late, great Peter Grant surmised, Zeppelin concerts weren't just concerts but they were events. Make no mistake, this upcoming release is AN EVENT! As they lyricize in \\"Kashmir\\"...let me take you there, let me take you there! Proud Zeppelin Fan!
B00008H2LE|5.0|When I was going to buy this album I was really looking forward to it hoping that it would be as good as the last you know its all new material everythings new I was hoping I wasn't gonna get [taken] and sho-nuff this album is just... theres not even a word to discribe how good it is. <br />From the Lyrics to the Emotion, to the Artwork this is a Great album if you are a Linkin Park Fan and Your wondering should you buy it the answer is YES go buy it you will not be disapointed, I love it! <br />There is One song I cannot stop listening to on the album which is #11 - Nobody's Listening, it has sort of a hip-Hop melody of a Japanease Flute and the rock edge and vocals are amazing.<br />I have to just say this my favorite thing about linkin park is that they are so artistically gifted through musical first of all and then the talents of pictoral Art work, it being web and graphic design artwork, to doing there own videos There truly a [1 of a kind band] and the band is so diverse everybody can realte to somebidy in the band. GO GET THIS ALBUM!, GO GET ALL OF THERE ALBUMS!
B000066NW0|4.0|I like this cd because it has good pop/rock. I love her &quot;I don't care what u think&quot; aditude. Sk8er boy is the highlight of her cd.<BR>All aroung great CD.
B00008CLOA|5.0|For those of you with a SACD player, I can truly say buy this CD. I. I  prefer 2 channel sound (stereo) to surround and the DSD transfer is far superior to the sound of the original standard DSOM CD. As my 300+ CD, I can say that the sonic quality is among my 10 best.<br />Also, according to what I have read, the CD really shines in the mult-channel mix.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Wow, this is kind of an honor..<br />The album is SICK!!<br />The band has worked so hard and really have put together a masterpiece.  The heavy stuff is heavier than on Hybrid Theory, the softer maybe a touch softer.<br />There are several stand-out tracks: Faint, Breaking the Habit, Numb, Don't Stay and From the Inside in the order I'm feeling them right now.<br />Faint is insane!  The most aggressive screaming we've ever heard from Chester.  The riffs are heavy and off the hook.  Breaking the Habit is truly a beautiful song, no rap in it, but a striking chorus and heart-felt lyrics.  Numb is Meteora's answer to Pushing Me Away, and a lyrical stand-out as well.  Don't Stay gets the album off to a ripping start and From the Inside is that heavy track you're looking for later in the album.<br />The other thing you'll find in this album is every freakin instrument known to man, most noticeably live strings and some piano in BTH and a Japanese Flute in Nobody's Listening (which is primarily a rap-based song).<br />The whole band is seemingly forever growing.  Somewhere I Belong, while great, I would not label as &quot;representative&quot; of the album because Meteora is truly diverse.  Maybe it's just me, but I think the best improvement over Hybrid Theory is in the guitar riffs, which are heavier and add a lot more to the music.<br />Buy it.  Enjoy!
B00008H2LB|1.0|I thought Hybrid Theory was a piece of junk.  This one is worse, if that is even possible.  What a waste of a perfectly good CD.  I'd rate it a negative number if I could.  Go find some real music, and throw this piece of junk out into a blazing inferno.
B000084T18|3.0|I've been a fan of 50 Cent since How To Rob burst on the mixtape scene a few years back. Since that song, he's released a couple underground albums dominated by thug stories with a humerouos twist.  I was ecstatic to hear he signed with Shady Records and would be backed by Em and Dre about 6 months ago.  So how does his major label debut fair against heavyweights like Jay-Z and Nas?<br />For the most part, 50 doesn't stray far from the formula that made him an underground king.  Almost too much of the same.  I was thinking he would come with something other than the same old thug tales, and come out with a couple deep songs.  Instead, all of the lyrics in each song could have been placed anywhere else on the album and it wouldn't seem out of place.  There doesn't seem to be any common theme in any song.  Suprisingly the humor that was all over his past albums is almost non existent.  Also, when 50 tries to go outside of his Corner Bodega mode and into commercial tracks, the results are mixed.  In Da Club is very good, but songs like 21 Questions and PIMP just don't fit into 50's persona, and it's hard to actually believe what he's saying.<br />The album is not all bad, though.  In fact, it's a good CD.  Despite all the radio play, In Da Club and Wanksta are both very catchy, good songs.  Patiently Waiting featuring 50's boss, Eminem, is the highlight of the album.  Eminem's verse is just absolutely sick.  Unfortunately the same can't be said for his trite attempt on Don't Push Me.  50's diss to hip hop's biggest sellout, Ja Rule, is absolutely hysterical and Dre hooks him up with an absolutely sick beat.  Other songs to check out are What Up Gangsta, Many Men, If I Can't, and U Like My Style.<br />All in all, there's more to like on this album than dislike.  It's a good debut, and hopefully one which will serve as a lesson on what and what not to do for his next album, due out by the end of this year.
B00000JPYD|5.0|Great CD!!!! The best album by trower. By one of the greatest guitar players ever.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Ths album defies even their hybrid theory in my opinion. They went to a more rap sound in their \\"reanimation\\" album, but now with \\"meteora\\" they have come back to their rock roots. This album is for sure to sell millions. Make sure you get this album and help Linkin Park out.<br />PLEASE BUY THIS ALBUM sure to be a #1 in no time
B00008H2LE|5.0|I LOVED Hybrid Theory, and some of the songs on the Reanimation CD were good, but let me tell you, Meteora BLOWS AWAY all of them. My favorite track so far is \\"Don't Say\\" , it simply just [rocks]. Any true LP fan will love it. Buy it now!
B000089RVX|5.0|I picked this up today after loading up on the Greatest Hits of James Taylor, Carol King, The Rolling Stones, etc and have to admit that I was blown away.  This is some of the best new music I've heard in the past five years and I'm old!
B00008H2LB|5.0|This was a very highly anticipated cd. I could not wait untill it came out. I put it into my cd player to listen to a song or two, just to see what it would be like, and I ended up listening to the whole thing through. I couldn't turn it off. I loved every song on the cd. I know that this cd will stay in my cd player for a long, long, while. I loved it!
B00008CLOA|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon is the epitome of all Pink Floyd is. Beautiful lyrics, great guitar work, soulful vocals by Roger Waters and David Gilmour--this remastering of the greatest rock album ever recorded (better than the Beatles!) is awesome if you have the equipment for it. The only problem is not being able to watch Wizard of Oz with it if you play it in a DVD player; otherwise, its crystal clear sound and timeless songs like Time, Money, Us and Them, and Brain Damage are worth the price.
B0000640VO|5.0|This movie is one of my favorite movies.<BR>The directing is absolutely fabulous, the way the scenes were shot and the music compliment the film quite lovely.<BR>The actors and actresses are all spectacular and all of them are very believable as well as humerous. I loved the characters, they were fun and quirky and I also loved how it was put in a narration format.<BR>I adored the cat-and-mouse game, I thought it was very cute and I loved the love story, it was much more unique than most romantic films.<BR>This movie has a surreal sense to it and I loved every moment.<BR>BUY IT! :D
B00008H2LB|4.0|I waited weeks and weeks for this CD.  Here I am sitting at my computer listening to it, and happy I ran to buy it after school.  The only songs I don't like are Session, a follow to Cure for the itch, and number 9 track with the weird flute.  This is though overall a very satisfying album that proves Linkin Park isn't a Hybrid-hit band only.
B000053GTF|4.0|This DVD is very amazing!There are music videos, and songs taken from live performances. \\"To Love You More\\" is probably one of my favorites.If you are as obsessed with Celine as I am, you will watch this DVD all the time!The videos can get a little bit boring, but seeing and hearing Celine Dion doing her best at being the best is always priceless! The special features are:<BR>        -Biography<BR>           It tells a lot of information about Celine's life up until about 2000.<BR>        -Photo Gallery<BR>           These are plenty of ashtonishing,and some odd,photos of Celine Dion from 1990-2000<BR>        -Discography<BR>            This tells all of Celine's released albums ever since Unison.It doesn't list the songs of each album,though, so I think it could have been better<BR>      And there are some more.<BR>         This DVD,overall, is one of the best! But, if you REALLY want something to be touched,astonished, and changed by, go buy a LIVE Celine DIon DVD(or see her new Las Vegas show in person, but good luck getting tickets!)
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park wanted the name \\"Meteora\\" to purvey the idea that this album is epic...it is, and then some!!!! THIS IS music for the 21st century. It is the LP you know and love with some great twists. From Chester's unbelievable vocals on \\"Breaking the Habit\\" (which sounds nothing like LP) and on \\"Easier to Run\\" to Mr. Hahn's unreal mixing and sampling on tracks like \\"Somewhere I belong\\", \\"Session\\", \\"Numb\\", and \\"Faint\\" this album is LP's escape from themselves into something UNBELIEVABLE. I have always loved Linkin Park, there is no doubt in my mind now that they are geniuses. You're going to have a hard time believing this is a sophmore album. Buy this now!!! It is better than Hybrid Theory if you can believe that (plus the dvd is cool)!!!
B00008H2LE|5.0|I purchased the DVD/CD package yesterday and immediately put it into my cd player.  This album seems to be an experiment.  Hybrid Theory (the bands last album) was mostly loud guitars with a little rapping and scratching mixed in.  In Meteora, they took more risks with the use of wind instruments and more rap.  I also noticed that Chester screamed more on this album than the last.<br />Although this is another album that I could play through without skipping tracks, Hybrid Theory is the better album.  I appreciate their attempt to be somewhat more innovative, but they should have stuck with the formula used in Hybrid Theory.  Little rapping and scratching with both passive and aggressive singing by Chester.<br />Overall, I'd give it a 5 because it IS a good album.
0783225970|5.0|AL Pacino one of the greatest actors of the 2oth century stars in the lead role of one of the greatest films of the 2oth century. Brian De Palmas Scarface has everything you would want in a gangster movie and more. Great attention to detail and a terrific supporting cast make this a must see film. Though not as a great film as its gangster counerpart THe GodFather, Scarface should have a spot as one of the best!
B00008H2LB|4.0|this album is a great follow-up to hybrid theory (as far as new studio music)... the guys bring their same gut-wrenching style  to brand new tunes which will be sure to get you out of your seat.
B0000640VM|5.0|Man, I just love this movie. Even if it's a 1988 movie, it's a great movie. The characters, songs, and everything else is great. I'm going to get the DVD soon.
B00005JLSE|1.0|An amazing achievement: A truly boring musical. All the choreography has been removed, replaced with quick camera cuts and distorted views. Slow and uninteresting.
0385504209|5.0|I don't think I could possibly say enough good things about this book. The combination of 2 of my favorite subjects (art history and cryptology) in an extremely well written, intelligent novel made this an instant favorite. Not only will it keep you interested (I read it in just 6 hours because I refused to put it down) but you can learn so much from it. You will literally feel smarter when you put the book down after finishing than you did when you first picked it up. That in itself makes it a must read!<br />There will of course be a (very) few, such as the anonymous reviewer that posted a few days ago, that are afraid and intimidated by the presentation of the FACTUAL history of their religion. But those few are people who find little enjoyment in fun and intellectual activities.<br />That said, I would whole-heartedly encourage all book lovers to snap this book up ASAP and dig in. But I'm warning you - you won't come up for air until the very last paragraph has been read!
B00005QZ7U|2.0|This movie calls to mind an interview I saw with the great actress Ellen Burstyn:  She mentioned that her son was a rock musician and, though she didn't care for rock music herself, she'd heard from people who like that sort of thing that &quot;he's very good.&quot;<br />By the same token, I've no doubt this is a very fine movie -- if you happen to like two-hour rock videos.<br />Laden with references (few of which its intended audience will recognize), this movie unabashedly borrows its rapidfire cinematic devices from classic movies, musicals, operas and novels, and packs them into a nonstop mishmash of  smirking postmodernism.  It doesn't merely consist of clichés:  It exults in clichés.<br />Flashing lights, quick cuts like you've never seen -- just the thing for stupefied youths reared on SESAME STREET and MTV.  No sustained thought or emotion, just one flashy effect after another, perfect for those with practically no attention span.  <br />And popular, too:  Just going to show the decline of our culture.
B00006F7IM|4.0|Just a few years prior to the release of MAJOR LEAGUE, Tom Berenger and Charlie Sheen had starred in PLATOON whose characters were in opposite corners and literally going to kill each other. In sharp contrast, the two would star in this entertaining baseball movie as comrades-in-arms and their chemistry is excellent. This is a fun,entertaining,baseball film with quirky and likeable characters and a plot that's not too complicated, a little predictable (but who cares?), but engrossing enough to just make you smile and cheer.  After the likes of some serious baseball films like THE NATURAL, EIGHT MEN OUT, FIELD OF DREAMS, and even the semi-serious comedy BULL DURHAM, MAJOR LEAGUE came out of nowhere and stated that baseball films can be fun again. Tom Berenger leads the ensemble cast of misfit baseball players who are going to win the pennant in spite of the new owner Rachel (Margaret Whitton) tinkering with the team to produce a loser so she can move the \\"Indians\\" franchise to Florida. With Corbin Benson, Wesley Snipes, Dennis Haysbert (tv's 24,tv's Now and Again) and supporting roles of Rene Russo and soon to be Baseball Hall of Fame announcer Bob Uecker as the beleagered Indian's announcer. Classic scene: Charlie Sheen as pitcher Ricky Vaughn coming in to pitch and the crowd roars and sings along to the Troggs' \\"Wild Thing\\"!--Excellent!
0792101448|5.0|THIS AND MONTE WALSH ARE MY TWO FAVORITE WESTERNS. TOO BAD NOT ON DVD AND TOO BAD MONTE WALSH IS OUT OF STOCK AND NOT AVAILAVLE.  THIS IS ONE OF HENRY FONDA'S BEST ROLES(A MAN YOU LOVE TO HATE AND IS A DEPARTURE FROM HIS PREVIOUS WHITE HAT GOOD GUY).
B00003CXCD|5.0|ROMAN HOLIDAY is a perfect Saturday afternoon movie that's fun and romantic.  Gregory Peck plays out-of-type (a romantic lead role) but it's only a very small complaint because he actually pulls it off.  He is a little stiff, but it was the right choice to play off Audry Hepburn's shy awkwardness. Princess Anne(Hepburn)escapes her regal duties of scheduled appearances to go off wandering in the streets of Rome incognito. She ends up spending the day with reporter undercover Joe Bradly (Peck) who recognises her. He takes her on the town not revealing who he really is thinking he can get a hot story.  It ends up more than an assignment, but a romantic romp through the streets of Rome.  Great location shots in which the city of Rome ends up a major supporting role in the film.  Another great supporting role is that of Eddie Albert (tv's GREEN ACRES and film, THE LONGEST YARD) as Joe Bradley's friend, Irving the news photographer who accompanies them on their jaunt through the city. Great script, great location shots, over the bar casting and great direction (William Wyler-BEN HUR) makes this a classic film through and through.  Worth watching again and again.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This is a super movie. It is a sweet love story. It is the type of story that you want to watch over and over again. If you don't own this movie I suggest buying it right now. The songs and the animation is beautiful.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This album is very good. The Faint, Don't Stay, and Figure 0.9 are my favorite songs. However, this album is one of those cd's that you can just push play and not have to skip over any tracks to hear a good song. If you liked Hybrid Theory, you are going to like this album. Enough said. Buy It Now.
B00008H2LE|5.0|I was worried that it wouldint be as good as hybrid but i was proved wrong i just listened to it.This cd is awsome and has some great songs<BR>2.Dont stay 10/10 This song is a good start off but its diffrent than the other songs.Its a more faster better medolic song its problay the 6th best.3Somewhere I Belong 11/10 This is a good song not my all-time fav but its there single so uve gotta like it.4.Lying From You 12/10.This song is a power song its problay 2nd best it has the 2nd best chours.5.Hit the floor 10/10 Good song maybe 6th best.6.Easier to run 9/10 not my fav but its to original.7.Faint 11/10 Its a good song my 3rd favorite its medolic but a harder lp song.8.figure 9 9/10 good song has its good parts..9.BREAKING THE HABIT Stait UP this is the best song ive ever heard its the best  by them it took 6 or 5 years to make.10.From the inside.10/10 One of the good ones its more positive .11.Nobodys listening 10/10 This is a bad song its like a diffrent form of music ive never heard.12.session HAHA 13. Its like a medolic song its not my kind but it makes up like the last song on there hybrid ill give a 9/10.WELL THAT WRAPS IT UP GO BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!
0151008116|5.0|original voice, gripping tale, a wise and wonderful book
B000001ESF|5.0|Rush has for nearly four decades comprised great albums with solid sound, great lyrics, and enough to keep their many fans always anticipating their next album. With this said, I can still easily say that this is their best work...a progressive masterpiece. Though many agrue if this is indeed a concept album, I'd have to say yes. True the entire album doesn't fit one story, but I think the 20+ minute title track does enough to consider it a concept album. Regaurdless on whether or not it's a concept album, the album is just flat out unbelievable and is played on my cd player nearly more than any other album. If you don't own this or have not even heard it (God help you), go get this album right away. You won't be disappointed.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Linkin Parks second effort will meet the expectations for a large portion of their fan base. It is not as strong as their first album. I may attract more new fans but the difference between the two albums is that Linkin Park tried to overcreate their music trying to take it the next level on a genre that is still new to most music lovers. It is worth the [money]with all the extra's you get. The forty page book you get and the dvd extras is a pretty cool add-on.
B00000JG41|5.0|Trying to review Mr. Bungle's California is like trying explain the mind of god. Why bother? Just listen. Those who are disappointed with it apparently haven't grown up yet, or just don't get it anymore. The best effort yet by Mr. Bungle. Mature, concise, and even more intelligent and adventurous. But now I must know the mind of god.
B00008H2LE|5.0|If you liked the first album you'll love the second album its as good or even better.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Linkin Park is a very easy band to hate, but an even easier band to love.  They are no musical geniuses, but they are a bunch of smart geeks who love art, any Japanese, old school hip-hop, and love making music.  If you thought Hybrid Theory sounded too producer-driven, that is only because Mike Shinoda is a computer whiz.  I mean, look at their music videos, they were created by the bands DJ, Joseph Hahn, and they look like something out of a very cool video game.  Weezer isn't geek rock, these guys are.  After selling the more albums in 2001 than anyone else, Linkin Park took on the challenge of uping one of the biggest hit albums of the past few years.  The outcome was 'Meteora', and if albums were like movies, this would be 'Star Wars', 'The Matrix' and every other major blockbuster rolled into one.  The sonic, layered, and sampled sounds layering over those riffs and scratches are beautifully polished.  The music plays like a special effect in one of their videos.  Mike Shindoa outdoes himself on the beats this time around (he will be an interesting hip hop producer one day);  DJ Hahn scratches with perfect timing and perfection;  And Chester Bennington's voice is a perfectly tuned instrument on its own.  Everything fits right in on this cd, and nothing feels out of place.  The lyrics, however, seem like recycled rhymes from the 'Hybrid Theory' sessions, but it's not like they claimed to be actually singing about anything anyway.  With Linkin Park, it's not what they are saying, but what you are hearing.  You will sing every Mike rap on this cd from heart after a few listens, but you will never think about what is being said, or care... kinda like a movie with no plot.  But who says movies have to always have plots?  Does anybody go see a multi-million dollar special effect production of a comic book movie for the plot? No.  It's the effects.  I am amazed by the music of Linkin Park like I'm amazed by the visuals in Star Wars.  Linkin Park have nicely packagedthis piece with an enhanced cd, bonus dvd, a cool case with nice artwork, and quite possibly the best CD insert ever created.  Small little things like that, somehow effect they way we listen to Linkin Park.  All of this is very cool (computer geek cool), but will it sell?  Rap-Metal is virtually dead now-a-days, but Linkin Park does not seemed to have lost their buzz.  The album will most likely do well, but probably not as well as Hybrid Theory.  But what matters the most is that 'Meteora' replaces the bland spots in 'Hybrid Theory' with a few new neat tricks to make this album total ear candy.`This album will win over a few critics, but it won't bring every music snob to there knees.  Linkin Park still has a lot of proving to do, and with an album as fun as this one, it should be no problem.  'Meteora' is a masterful blockbuster that may or may not be a hit, but it definately takes CD packaging, CD Art, CD Extras, and rap metal to the next level. Plus, they seem like such nice guys.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time. The plot/story-line was much better than I expected. Each musical number was better than the one before. I hated the movie to end. Each OSCAR the movie recieved was well deserved. The stars shined in this glitzy glamourous musical. I say, you MUST see it.
B00008LOS1|5.0|With the arrival of &quot;Who's Next: The Deluxe Edition&quot;, it is almost shocking to learn that every previous CD edition of the Who's creative nadir has been taken from several-generations-removed mixdown tapes. After a discerning headphone session, it is apparent that the master tapes have suffered a little degeneration over the years (not unusual for a 32-year old magnetic oxide product). &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; is the most noticeable victim, with some subtle wow and flutter and even one very obvious tape &quot;stretch&quot;. The majestic &quot;Song Is Over&quot; actually suffers a bit of oversaturated distortion. On the plus side, &quot;Love Ain't For Keepin&quot; has never sounded so dynamic, with Pete Towmshends's acoustic guitar sounding crisper than ever, and &quot;Bargain&quot; reveals new depth and power.  On every track you will hear a fuller dynamic range on Keith Moon's drums as well as more delineation between Townshend's synthesizer and John Entwistle's bass. Curiously, Roger Daltrey's vocal mix (not his powerful performance itself, mind you, which still astounds) actually sounds a bit trebly and &quot;thin&quot;, like it wasn't properly equalized. However, these are fussy audiophile quibbles only, overall the &quot;Deluxe Edition&quot; lives up to its hype and &quot;Who's Next&quot; truly sounds &quot;better than ever&quot;. The bonus studio tracks are interesting, and the 2nd disc delivers in spades with its (mostly) previously unreleased live perfomances of the group's now-mythic &quot;Lifehouse&quot; project. A winner!
B00008H2LE|2.0|So this is what happens when an artist is told they are great so often and they start to believe it.  The result is Meteora.  The first single is true-to-form Linkin Park with a great melody and hook.  The second track is also pretty strong.  Whatever happened to the rest of the album is a mystery.  Perhaps Linkin Park should have taken a little longer in putting this album out to come up with some better material.  The lyrics are completely cliche and uninspired whereas the first album had words that made you think.  A CD with a run-time of 36 minutes is pretty poor as well.  Linkin Park, if you are reading this:  do a reanimation of this CD...it could only be an improvement.
B00005JM93|4.0|\\"Irreversible\\" is a graphic and violent film that intentionally leaves nothing to the imagination,including watching a man's face disintegrate as it is bashed in with a fire extinguisher, and a very intense nine-minute, single shot rape scene (with one of France's top actresses). <br />\\"Irreversible\\" is definitely a serious piece of film making. It is raw, emotional, powerful, and shocking. The use of flashbacks is sequential - we see the 'end' scene first, then the scene that led up to it, then the scene that led up to that, and so on. It is full of disturbing images and innovative camera techniques. It can be described as a journey from hell to heaven. We start in reverse by seeing--at the beginning of the film--terrible scenes that are the conclusion of events we have yet to witness in flashback, slowly moving us from nightmare to bliss.<br />The first 'nightmare' scene is in a gay sex club somewhere in France. The soundtrack has a steady note that reverberates insistently like an audio depiction of a throbbing headache. The camera, hand held, thrashes wildly around in the dimly red-lit areas, catching up with and following the two men out for revenge. It slows somewhat to focus on the apparent object of their anger. The initial attack is thwarted, but the second of the two men takes over and pummels the victims head to a pulp - and we see the face and head disintegrate under blows as it is mercilessly bashed with a fire extinguisher. It is a scene that is very hard to take, but it makes sense, and is definitely<BR>justified, as the almost nonexistant plot unfolds. Halfway through the scene, I realized I couldn't take it anymore, and had to turn away. No matter how hard I shut my eyes and shifted in my seat, the pulsing soundtrack of the beating blared out of the speakers, making it just as uncomfortable with my eyes closed. Terrifying and disgusting just doesn't cut it, the effect is indescribable.<br />Next we follow the attackers before they reach the nightclub. We learn that they are hunting the perpetrator of a violent rape on the girlfriend of one of them. The film is still not easy to watch, but the jerkiness of the camera slows enough to allow us the indulgence of following some sort of plot. The anger of the two men as they try to trace their intended victim is still uncomfortable viewing.<br />Next we see the rape scene. This time the camera is motionless. The movement and struggle of the victim - for nine long minutes -becomes paramount. Monica Belluci is a brilliant actress<BR>because she conveys the pain and anguish this character is going through, making us feel for her. It all seems a bit too real and is definitely one of the most disturbing scenes in motion picture<BR>history, becoming a bit much to take. Things become even more emotional as we see this woman's life BEFORE the rape took place. We look at how perfect everything had been, and how happy she was. It definitely packs a punch, and the reverse order of the sequences make it all the more disturbing and emotionally powerful. Belluci is masterful at the emotions she conveys. This woman is definitely someone you could know, and that alone makes the film more moving.<br />\\"Irreversible\\" is hard to take and easy to quarrel with, but it is also a brillint and amazing film. When a movie lingers in your mind until you go to bed, and is the first thing you think about in themorning, you KNOW it has made an impact. Bravo to Gaspar Noe for giving us this shocking and absorbing piece of film. Notorious for being one of the most walked out of movies of this year, \\"Irreverisible\\" is definitely worth sticking with. It takes some time for the initial shock to wear off, but once it does, you realize what a great movie it actually was, and is much cause for a conversation (with cigarettes) right afterward. The title could mean two things--the order in which the film takes place or the tragic event that will haunt our characters forever, which are both irreversible. Here is a film that actually makes you think. Wonderful on all levels. See it now!!!
B00008H2LE|5.0|I can say i'm not at all disappointed with 'Meteora' Me being a huge Linkin Park fan, jus' love every bit of the CD.. and every track is great. With great songs from, 'Faint' to 'Hit The Floor' to 'Somewhere I Belong' if you buy this CD.. you won't be upset. And plus many extras, for your computer.. come in this specially enchanced CD.. I give this CD 5 stars, and If you liked 'Hybird Theory' then I strongly suggest your purchase 'Meteora'
0767903862|2.0|I was really looking forward to reading this book. Having read several other Bryson works which I had enjoyed, and having just returned from 3 1/2 years living as an expat American in Sydney, I thought Bryson would not only be able to express many of the things I had personally witnessed, but with his talent and experience as a writer and social observer would reveal and expose to me many of Australia's exotic quirks and sublties. Unfortunately I found I was reading a document barely worthy of publication, far below expectation, and lacking in anything that might educate or inform. Now, this is not to say I didn't have a laugh now and again; this is Bryson's keenest talent after all. It's just that Australia is a damned BIG country! And Bryson spends a matter of weeks traversing and pondering. For God's sake Bill, if the effort is going to feed your family for a couple of years give a worthy effort to actually immerse yourself for a few months! Call up Paul Theroux and get a few pointers why don't you?! I still hope people read this book, if only to get an all too rare insight as to what an incredible place the Australian continent  is.
0385504209|5.0|This book is a masterpiece. It's that simple. I am completely stunned by both the research and the ability to catapult the reader through strings of clues, riddles, mystery, and suspense. If you are looking for a book that will captivate all of your attention for a fabulous 454 pages, read this. Many compliments to Mr. Brown on his fabulous accomplishment.<br />enjoy!
0553573403|5.0|A bit jumpy at the beginning this book smooths out quickly and gives the reader the suspense and action that he/she craves. Unlike many authors, Martin does not fall so in love with his characters that they must become godlike in their abilities. If you have ever found yourself chearing for the bad guy in desperation (see The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan, kill someone already!) or if you have ever been so sick of heros that never die and are basically perfect (see The Earth's Children by Jean Auel, throw a tantrum will ya!) then this is a series for you.<br />The action is great and the plot keeps you guessing. In this book and series you will never be sure what will happen next. All of the characters are gritty and real.<br />Best of all good and evil, young and old, guilty and innocent; they all have and equal chance of making mistakes and of dying. Martin proves that heros can be killed and yet the story goes on. At a time when many authors aspire to write epic journeys that we can fall in love with, Martin has found the secret that so many have missed. We loved Tolkien because his fantasy characters where so humanly fallible. Tolkien understood that there is no character good or evil so complete that you cannot love them or kill them.<br />Martin takes you through an incredible journey of kingdoms and generations, killing off one and seamlessly replacing it with the next. In a world of long summers and longer winters the people are harsh and the land is cruel. The decisions are hard and final. No room for mistakes or sympathy. No man, woman, or child escapes the trials of a frozen world. Each decision leads closer to the brink. Every choice pits the demands of family, honor, and life at odds. No matter what something has to lose out to something else. The only question is which characters will make the right choices and which will bring down disaster on their world.<br />Read this book and all of the ones that follow! You will not be disappointed!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Although (like most C.D's) their second studio album (not counting the remix album reanimation) is not as good as their first album, Meteora is a C.D that will not disappoint fans. Similar yet different sounding to Hybrid Theory (I honestly think Somewhere I Belong sounds a bit like In The End), this C.D once again mixes Mike Shinoda's smooth voice with Chester's screams. The overall product is what you've come to expect from Linkin Park and definatley doesn't fail as a C.D. Good buy if you like the heavier and softer sides of music combined.
B00005QDW1|4.0|I have been a fan of No Doubt in the past, but I was not sure how I would like this CD.  However, despite the mixed reviews this album received, I bought it and it was not bad.  All other reviewers are right, \\"Rock Steady\\" is not like their past releases.<BR>2. Hella Good - Pretty good song once you hear it a few times, it just should end sooner.<BR>3. Hey Baby - Good song, not much to it, way overplayed<BR>4. Making Out - Average at best<BR>5. Underneath it all - This is more like their old stuff.  Great song.  The radio, however, destroyed it by giving it WAY TOO MUCH AIR TIME!<BR>6. Detective - Another song that one would have to listen to a few times in order to like.  Not bad. <BR>7. Don't Let Me Down - Good song.       <BR>8. Start the Fire - BAD!        <BR>9. Running - One of my favorites.       <BR>10. In My Head - BAD!        <BR>11. Platinum Blonde Life - Pretty good.       <BR>12. Waiting Room - BAD! Quite possibly the worst No Doubt song ever.      <BR>13. Rock Steady - Another one of my favorites.  <br />All in all about 6 good songs mixed in with some average and crappy ones.
B00008H2LE|5.0|When I first heard Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory, I was hooked. It stayed in my CD player for months. While that album had hard rocking rythums and lyrics of frustration, Meteora took a different approach. Instead of anger, Meteora's lyrics are those of hope. The hard rock is still there, but not as apparent as in Hybrid Theory. The DVD that comes with the CD is a good look into the making of the CD, and you can see that this is much more than just another CD for them. Meteora is well worth buying, and even better when you get the DVD.
B00006690F|5.0|I CANNOT stop listening to this CD, something that came as a shock and unexpected delight to this over 40 mom/lawyer/folk music fan (maybe there IS a little Slim Shady in all of us....).  After I saw the movie 8 Mile, I had to check out Eminem's music (more than just the soundtrack, that is) so I bought this and was floored.  I now have all of his CDs (I think), including the early ones pre-dating his relationship with Dr. Dre.  The Marshall Mathers LP was great, but I like this one better, and like it MUCH more than the Slim Shady LP.   My favorite tracks are Business, Square Dance (which, as a Texan, I NEVER listen to without laughing out loud, though I think the lyrics wander off a bit at the end), and Sing for the Moment.  I also like Without Me very much, though it certainly is more pop oriented than the others. If you like Eminem, you should not delay any longer.  You will LOVE this CD.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This was a great movie, even if you do not like musicals, its great.  The music in it was great and so was the acting.  If you want to see a great movie/musical watch this.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin park isprobally one of the most ..well...the most unique bands today...besides MSI but thats besides the point...ill be quick with it....Meteora is harder and more meaningfull than HT....go get it....cuz its good...very good!
B00008H2LE|5.0|waiting for &quot;somewhere i belong&quot; to come out on the radio stations nearly drove me insane nearly to the point when i thought i was going to be paranoid.  but when i heard &quot;somewhere i belong&quot; was worth the wait.  the CD was also worth the wait of a month or so since &quot;somewhere i belong&quot; came out.  although it is different from Hybrid Theory, it's just as good.
B00005JLSC|5.0|Chicago is great !!  Richard Gere & Catherine Zeta Jones will knock your socks off with their musical talents. Renee Zellweger & Queen Latifah will be a surprise-they are really good.<BR>Catherine Zeta Jones is beautiful, a great actress AND also Sings & Dances better than any.  <BR>It's old time Chicago at its best. Richard Gere is excellent <BR>as lawyer Billy Flynn. The story is interesting, funny and <BR>leaves one feeling elated after seeing it.<br />LUVED this musical/movie.<BR>From-- N.J.
B00008H2LB|5.0|1-(forwad) thump-thump-thump crash(the lyrics)<BR>2-(dont say) pretty much what LP have come to expect- reminiscinct of HT<BR>3-(somewhere i belong)LP's first single-its changes from melodic to agressive smoothly<BR>4-(lying from you)elctronic, guitar, big beats, rap, and rocking, very cool track<BR>5-(hit the floor)more rap that im really used to but enuf guitars to make me happy. kinda creepy and surrealistic<BR>6-(easier to run)this a slow song, not great but alright<BR>7-(faint) im pretty sure those are voilins in the backround. typically LP styled. probably on of the best tracks<BR>8-(figure.09)VERY cool song. typacicall LP track (but hey i aint complaining<BR>9-(breaking the habit) racy backround, kinda slow lyrics, but good. this song has a soothing effect on me<BR>10-(from the inside)mediumly paced track. nothing outstandin<BR>11-(nobody's listening)if ur a rap fan you'll love this track. flute and big beats. lotsa rap<BR>12(session)- huge freaking 80s beats, electronica, no lyrics. i think it was supossed to be the 'cure 4 the itch' not as much scratching<BR>13-(numb)very cool song, great physco-peaceful way to end the cd<br />the only problem is that the cd is like 40 mins. none of the song go over 3:30. the cd would be better if the tracks were longer.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This was a great movie, even if you do not like musicals, its great.  The music in it was great and so was the acting.  If you want to see a great movie/musical watch this.
B00008H2LB|5.0|It is better than the first one, I liked it alot so I recomend this cd,if you ever heard a song from this cd you'd agree.
0385486804|4.0|After graduating college with high respects from teachers and excellent grades, 22-year- old Chris McCandless donated $25000 to charity and hit the road.  When his body was found months later, his family had no idea that he had been planning a trip to Alaska for quite some time, they had no clues where he was, who he was with, or what he was doing.  Chris traveled the country in search of himself.  He travels from the East Coast all the way across the country to the West Coast and stays there traveling around for several months, hitchhiking and switching jobs, over and over making just enough money to survive.  He makes many friends a long the way and strikes every one of them as a non-typical hitchhiker, because of how smart he is, and especially when they find out how educated he is.  Chris finally makes it to Alaska in the spring of 1992, and lived solely off the land until the late summer, when he was struck with illness from a mistake of his own.  This is an excellent novel to read, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading adventure novels, as well as coming of age novels, because Chris really grows up during the book, and as a reader you can definitely see that.  Also, readers who have read \\"Into Thin Air\\", another one of Jon Krakauer's novels, and liked it, would feel the same about \\"Into the Wild\\".  I enjoyed the adventure and the travel of this novel, Chris was truly an amazing young man, with much intelligence and confidence, he is the last person you would expect to leave his wealthy life-style and replace it with having next to nothing.  This is truly a great novel CHECK IT OUT!!!
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd is just great, your children will ask you about it, so dont say you never owned it.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Wow.  As spectacular and innovative as &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; was, and as good-but-not-Hybrid-Theory-good as &quot;Reanimation&quot; was, I can safely say that &quot;Meteora&quot; is the equivalant of those two CDs combined and multiplied to the tenth power.  It's that good.  The enhanced version has the DVD about the making of the CD, and that's always a welcome addition since the CD and DVD package is about the normal price I spend on CDs.  The price for the CD itself is exceptionally low as well, but since it's Linkin Park, it really doesn't matter what the price is, is it?  A VERY deserving CD in my collection.
B00008H2LB|5.0|words can't describe how long i've waited for this album an my boys didn't let me down. I've had the album on repeat since i've bought it and it's playing now as i write this. EVERY song on this cd is good but the one that stand out the most to me is #4.I hope they will be around for a long time.
B00005V1WO|3.0|I won't go into the pros or cons of the movie, which many other reviewers have covered earlier.  If you like Ken Russell, can tolerate some ambiguity, and enjoy the darkness of Romantic poetry, you probably like this movie; if you don't, you won't.<br />What I will mention is that Artisan has provided us with a DVD that defines &quot;lackluster.&quot;  There are no, repeat no, extras on the DVD.  Not even an original trailer or still of an A sheet. The format is pan-and-scan, and I do not believe any attempt was made to restore the print.  In fact, I would venture so far as to say this is simply the earlier VHS-formatted movie transferred directly onto DVD.  If, like me, you no longer own or use a VCR, or your VHS version is worn out, this DVD is worthwhile.  If not, then wait until someone who cares about movies, perhaps Anchor Bay, gets permission to produce this movie on DVD, and does it right.
6302800927|5.0|I loved this movie, for many reason's! One being because not only was part of the movie filmed in the town I grew up in, but because it was filmed in the junkyard that my grandpa owned. My sister got to meet the cast and was waved to from will weaton and river phoenix.  I was to young to remember them but, I will never forget the movie. I have one of the first copies made.  Did you know that in the junkyard scene, when they climb the fence to get away from the dog, that the director had to cut some of the chain in the fence larger for their feet and that those holes are still in that fence and the fence is still in that junkyard.  The lady that passed out pies at the pie eating contest, was the sister-in-law of an algebra teacher I had in highschool. Don't believe me? check it out yourself. The junkyard scenes were filmed in Veneta, Oregon off of Tidball Lane. The mailbox baseball game played by Keifer Sutherland was filmed in Veneta also, and on Houston Rd. I am probebly running out of space for this and I could go on for hours about this. There is so much I could let you know about.  Interested in finding out more? write me at PO Box 1494 Veneta, Or 97487. Hope to read from you soon.
B00003CY6M|5.0|This is one of the better romantic comedies I have seen in a while.<BR>John Cusack (Jonathan) meets Kate Beckinsale (Sara) in a department store while Christmas shopping. They spend the night getting to know each other and even though both are involved in other relationships, are very drawn to each other.<BR>But, Sara decides that they must leave it all up to fate. She writes her name and phone number in a book and sells it to a used bookstore for him to be able to find.  And he writes his name and phone number on a $5 bill that he hopes will find it's way back into her hands someday.<BR>Years later, they are both days away from getting married to other people and are haunted by the question of what could have been.<BR>This was a funny and entertaining movie.  John Cusack is adorable as always!!! And Jeremy Piven (who plays Jonathan's best friend) is hysterical!<BR>Definitely worth watching!
B00007JVBI|3.0|Part of this grade may reflect my obsession with Cat Power, and too-high expectations for every album she releases.  That being said, I still like this album--its just not as daring as I think her other albums are. The piano playing and guitar work has never been exceptional in any cat power album--they're not the focus--but on this album I think they've lost the easy organic feel that made them meld so well with Chan Marshall's voice on other albums--the simplicity of instrumentation seems more forced...It almost seems that Chan has let the hype of this band catch up with her a little bit, and tried to make the album what critics have said is good about her instead of finding the voice inside of herself as much--Chan seems to be worrying too much about coming out with an album that everyone likes instead of just making the album that she feels--By no means am I saying the album is bad--it still has her incomparable, emotive voice--and some good songs--but it just seems to me that suddenly there is a bit of a barrier between Chan and her music that wasn't there on her other albums--go figure
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park has gone along way from their debut album Hybird Theory. Chester and Mikes lyrics are much deeper and more meaning to them. it is obvious that they grew more into their music. All the songs rock! I listened to the whole without skipping any songs. <br />I say that this cd is definatley worth buying. Its soo good. They have gone from great to the most awesome band out there. My favorite songs like Somewhere I belong, Breaking The Habit, From the Inside and well everyone one of them!!!!!!!<br />PICK UP THIS ALBUM IF U ALREADY HAVENT!
B00008H2LE|4.0|Meteora takes more of the rap side for me mike has come far on his lyrics and chester is always riping it up on his screams . There are  also some songs with chester which bring out his more beautiful side...Keep it up...
B00008H2LB|3.0|I just listened to the entire new cd by Linkin Park, Meteora and right now I'm pretty dissapointed. Expected to top their last album, Hybrid Theory, Linkin Park seems too have run out of good ideas. They've gained many new ideas (lots and lots of sampling is being used in their songs now) but they seem to fall flat when combining the sampling elements with heavy rock riffs. While on the album Hybrid Theory every song was very well done, on this new album I could only find 3 or 4 songs worth listening to many times ('Don't Stay', 'Somewhere I Belong', 'Faint', and 'Numb') while all the other songs on this album either sound exactly the same as other tracks, aren't good songs, or sound exactly like tracks from Hybrid Theory. Although it's taken them 1 and a half years to produce this album, they could have put a lot more into it if they tried to do something different. But the CD is ok. I recommend you buy it if you're a fan of Linkin Park, i don't recommend you buy it if your not though. Just listen to Hybrid Theory, that album is amazing.
B00005JL7Q|5.0|This movie is by far my favorite of 2002!<BR>Hugh Grant plays the funniest character of his career!<BR>And Toni Collette gives an amazing performance!<BR>I was so impressed with this movie when I rented it, I went right out and bought it and watched it again!<br />Will (hugh grant) is a good looking, womanizing, millionaire, loner who's main priorities in life are himself, buying CD's, watching TV, and making sure that his life stays exactly the way that he wants it.  But, when he invents a 2 year old son in order to meet single-moms, he meets a 12 year old boy named Marcus.  As Will tries to teach Marcus how to be \\"cool\\", Marcus teaches Will that \\"no man is an island\\".  Suddenly, Will finds his door wide open to new experiences and lessons.<br />A great movie. VERY funny, entertaining, heartwarming, with a great cast of good actors!!<BR>Watch it!
B00006879E|5.0|After seeing Maroon 5 open for John Mayer in concert, I immediately went home and bought this CD. I love Maroon 5! There isn't a song on this Cd that I don't like. My favorites include The sun, and This Love. But really, this whole Cd is my favorite! I recommend this to anyone who likes all types of music, from rock to pop. Maroon 5 is the best!
B00008H2LB|5.0|This new album is great.  It's good to hear from Linkin Park again.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I was sceptical at first when I saw who the boys of Linkin Park were, being a general loather of the &quot;nu-metal&quot; movement sweeping rock as of late.  What drew me to them was the fact that they were doing what Limp Bizkit could only dream of doing.  While Fred Durst is a horrible rapper (Did you hear his supposed dis track to Britney Spears?), he is even worse singing.  Linkin Park blows Limp Bisquick out of the water with above average singing (courtesy of Chester Bennington) and an adequate emcee (Mike Shinoda).  Their first album, Hybrid Theory, is now a personal favorite of mine, mixing a reptitive, but addictive mix of metal chords, hip-hop, electronica, and a good old fashion adrenaline rush.  Their remix album, Reanimation, deviated from the working formula, but suprisingly used a stable of guest rappers I'd rather see on MTV more than what's playing on their now.<br />Meteora, their latest, returns to the distinctive mix of catchy melodies, crunching riffs, and great since of atmosphere.  There's no reason to get into the specifics, because mainly this album is greatly similar to Hybrid Theory, both in scope, length, and sound.  But while this is a familiar endeavor, it is a well done endeavor which will see little descension from fans, and will probably bring some new ones in too.
B00008H2LB|4.0|After the success of Hybrid Theory in 2001, you would think Linkin Park would stick with the same forumla that made that album such a success, and they did. As a whole, this album is on par with Hybrid Theory, the main difference is, Hybrid Theory was a album of &quot;singles&quot;, where every song could be released as a single piece of work. Meteora's songs play better as a collective, from beginning to end it's a solid performance. If you liked Hybrid Theory, you'll like Meteora, if not, this wont change your opinion of Linkin Park.<br />Stand-out tracks are &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, &quot;Easier to Run&quot;, and &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot;.
0446608955|5.0|The first time I thought twice about reading a book my fiance had read and shed a tear about, But the way she made it sound so meaningful I gave it a try and it has to be one of the best most heart touching novels I have read. I have a thorough colletion of books and after reading A Walk To Remember I added it to them.  Nicholas Sparks really gives a truthful meaning of love through his novel in each chapter that really touches any reader who lays thier hands on the book. The love between the two characters is a bond so everlasting that romeo and juliet must come up with ideas to compete with the romance of Landon and Jamies love.
B000002GJ7|5.0|Toward the late '80s I was getting very disillusioned with all this glam rock. Everyone sounded the same. Then Extreme came along. I bought this cd for More Than Words, but was extremely surprised by what I heard. Normally, it takes a while for a cd to grow on me; to hear the music; to look more closely at the lyrics. Not so with Pornograffitti! Immediately with the opening song, Decadence Dance, and all throughout I was totally blown away by how original and exciting this band was. Nuno is a guitar wizard, guitar god, guitar genius and every other superlative you can think of. Their vocal harmonies are amazing , Gary's lyrics are very creative and poetic at times, and Nuno's guitar work and solos are breath-taking. This is just an amazing cd on all levels. It revived my interest in music and continues to be my all time favorite work by Nuno Bettencourt. I would recommend this to any and every rock fan.
B00008H2LB|4.0|This cd is pretty good, although they've strayed from the heavy metalness that they used to have.  They're more on the rock/rap/techno side now.  I prefer the first cd over this one mostly because of the rock content.  The songs are very short, under 3 minutes for most of them.  But overall its a decent cd.
B00008H2LB|4.0|today, march 25th, was the (long awaited) release date of LP new record.  Overall, it's a very good record, but I have not listened to it enough to be able to give it 5 stars. It contains 12 (well, 13, but the first one is only 13 seconds long) solid tracks.  Standout tracks are the first single, Somewhere I belong, song 9 (breaking the habit), song 11 (Nobody's listening (strange music (with japanese flute, what's that anyway??) but same great vocals)) and song 13 (Numb).  Song 12 is instrumental, good, but feels strangely dance-y.<BR>Finally I'd say that it lives up to the expectations but the first cd is still the best one (but maybe Meteora'll grow on me).
B00008H2LE|5.0|this CD is incredible! LP has always kept it fresh and continues to with their new release, METEORA... Check out HIT THE FLOOR and DONT STAY, it's an amazing addition to any LP fans collection!
B00008H2LB|5.0|this Cd is the best CD i have ever layed my hands on i recommend it to all rock fans....mix it up and it was great
B00008H2LB|5.0|Another great album from a great band. At first I felt dissappointed because of the 12 short tracks, but after listening to them thoroughly, I realized how great they are. The new CD offers new tunes yet recognizable with LP fans. Joe Hahn as always did an outstanding job with his beats, though I felt there was less rapping by Mike this album and more of Chester singing, hence showing more of his talent. This is a must for linkin park fans and rock fans.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Well, after being completely blown away by &quot;Hybrid Theory,&quot; the band's first album, I would have to say that Linkin Park has followed the tradition of alot of other hard rock bands with &quot;Meteora,&quot; by giving a seemingly lesser effort in composing the song content.  After metal mogul, Korn, made &quot;Follow the Leader,&quot; an almost flawless album in my opinion, they came out with &quot;Issues,&quot; and &quot;Untouchables,&quot; siting that they wanted to try different things with the new albums.  Well, they tried new things alright, but to the average ear, it just sounded like they didn't try as hard, content with their success.  Well, I hate to say it, but it looks like Linkin Park is on the verge of musically &quot;selling out.&quot;  The typical trend for rock bands these days is to work extremely hard and make a good album.  Then they gain a huge fan base, make alot of money, and then they just don't try anymore.  In contrast, there are a few good songs on this album. &quot;Don't Stay&quot; is Meteora's equivalent to Hybrid Theory's &quot;One Step Closer.&quot;  A catchy tune with the old school Linkin Park angst we all love.  &quot;Somewhere I belong,&quot; probably the best song on the album muscially, but lacks the spiritual depth of Hybrid Theory's &quot;In the End.&quot;  In my opinion, besides a couple more tracks, the rest of this album was just made as padding for the decent tracks.  Linkin Park is my favorite band, but please guys, don't come out with 3 or 4 good songs, and then just give us a bunch filler to go along with it.  In short, &quot;Meteora,&quot; is not the sophomore effort I expected it to be.  A message to all bands: &quot;If you are going to make an album, and you expect your loyal fans from which you make your living from, to not consider you a &quot;sell-out&quot;, don't followup to killer(Hybrid Theory), with a bunch of filler(Meteora).  Make every song good and from the heart, not just a few.&quot;
B00005JLEU|5.0|Well, this movie is indeed one of the best movies of 2001/2002. The Oscar for best animation movie adds to a list of various won prizes. For instance, it won the Golden Bear at the Berlinale in Germany Spring 2002. It was the first time ever, that an animation movie won this prize, since it resembles the German equivalent to the \\"Best Picture\\" category. I will not give a list of all the Top10 lists it is on here, there are to many.<BR>Personally, I like this movie, since it reaches excellence in both technical as well narrative elements. <BR>Though I also like fully CGI-animated movies, animes have the tendency to transport subtle feelings and changes of moods in a more realistic way. Spirited away tells a story that appeals to growing-ups and grown-ups. The hardship of Sen to survive in a world of ghastly and strange creatures, the responsibility for the faith of her parents and the necessarity to overcome her shyness and fears in order to save a friend dos not tell a new story. We have seen similiar plots in movies like \\"Stand by me\\" before. But this story of maturation is told in wonderful pictures, which delve deep into Japanese mythology and culture and comprise a lot of fascinating characters and places.<br />There is one very disturbing point about this piece of art:<BR>Although it has already been dubbed and shown in Germany, I can´t buy the DVD nor VHS here!!!
B00008CLOA|5.0|This album never ceases to amaze me. i remember the first time i heard it was in '98, when i got bored of all the new rock and roll bands, and went to the old stuff for salvation. now, i only listen to old stuff. this album when i first heard it blew me away with its subtle use of sound efeects in the right places, and gilmours' slow, but riveting guitar playing. this album stayed in my collection for years until this one came out. when this album was advertised i was keen on getting it, and made the best deal of my life. the best album recorded in history for only $$$! i went home and put it on my home system, on surround sound and sat from beginning to end. the \\"echoes\\" of money clinking in my ears, and the deathly ringing of clocks, or the wailing voices, the demonic laughing of the lunatic, the heeartbeats, the flight announcements, the suicidal man, i could go on for days. all i know is that when the cd was over, i had been recaptured by roger waters' hard-hitting lyrics, his booming bass playing, dave gilmours' screaming guitar, nick masons thundering drums, and rick wrights' sweaty organs. it made me see what so many others heard in 1973. this album is sometimes called overrated, but no, id rather say it is understated. how anyone could write it off, i cant understand, but im sure this will be one of the many albums which will be continuously repackaged every decade or so as an anniversary edition to please us fans who just want \\"more\\". just timeless.
B000002U82|5.0|You know when every song is good if not great, that cd belongs in an elite group. This CD is simply unbeleiveable. From the Introduction to the middle to the end. Not only is every song good, but the lyrics are so meaningful, there isn't anything that isn't meanigful. Also for entertainment purposes, the weirdest thing I have ever witnessed is the Wizard of Oz myth to this cd. It works and is very odd, the beats and words go right with the CD. Time begins with the mean old lady (later the witch) first appears on bike. Money plays right when Dorothy enters Oz, and The oddest and weirdest thing of all is when The Great Gig in the Sky plays for the whole tornado scene, and slows down into a dream like melody when Doroth is knocked out. But seriously, besides everything, this CD is a must have of ANY rock fan, new and old.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Put simply, if you enjoy Linkin Park, buy this album.  They've definitely taken their sound to the next level, but are unmistakeably the rap/rock group that became so amazingly popular.  <br />While instantly recognizable, the album nonetheless holds a few suprises:  &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; contains a captivating loop of a Japanese flute; &quot;Faint&quot; is a high-tempo joy to listen to; &quot;Numb&quot; a crisp industrial instrumental.  <br />So... don't like Linkin Park?  Sorry, but you're not gonna find enough change here to make you want the album -- go listen to your New Found Glory CD again.  If, however, you ARE a fan, this is undoubtedly a must-buy.
B00008H2LB|5.0|For the months leading up to this new release I had only one thought on my mind: &quot;Sophomore Slump.&quot; Nothing worried me more than Linkin Park falling into one with their new album. Ladies and gentlemen, I am hear to tell you confidently that they DID NOT fall into one. They have managed to put enough time and energy into this CD, insuring that they would not fall into a sophomore slump. This CD efficiantly takes off where Hybrid Theory left off. You can tell that they have definately matured since their last album--Is that possible? Here is a review of the songs on this CD:<br />1. Foreward -- This is just a brief intro. into the Don't Stay<br />2. Don't Stay -- Very good song to kick off the CD. It has a lot of energy to it. Much in the tradition of Hybrid Theory. Easily one of the best songs on the album. 9/10<br />3. Somewhere I Belong -- This is the first single, and i'm sure many people have no doubt already heard this song. Good combination of rap and rock. Best song on the album. 10/10<br />4. Lying From You -- Very good song. The hook into the chorus is excellent. Could have been a little longer though. 8/10<br />5. Hit The Floor == This song has a really good intro. to it. Good flow from the verse to the chorus. However, the chorus gets a little old. This reminds me of a Sevendust song for some reason. 7/10<br />6. Easier To Run -- I absoloutely LOVE this song. Very good slow tempo rock song. In my opinion this is the second best song on the album. 10/10<br />7. Faint -- This song starts has a really weird melody going in the background. However, it is very hard and energetic. Chester's vocals are very powerful in this song. 8/10<br />8. Figure .09 -- WOAH! This song has got some awesome guitar work to it. Probably the best combination of rap and rock on the whole album. My 3rd favorite song. 10/10<br />9. Breaking The Habit -- Ehh... Pretty good song. Another effort at a slower song. This sounds like a dance song from the 80's for some reason. This is my least favorite song the album. Not too bad though. 6/10<br />10. From The Inside -- Glad to see that they pick it up again after the previous song. This song reminds me of the In The End from their last album. Very good song. 9/10<br />11. Nobody's Listening -- Heehhe... okay so they went a little too rap on this song, but I still like it. REALLY cool how they were able to work Chester's vocals into a pretty much full rap song. 7/10<br />12. Session -- Eery song with a heavy industrial feel to it. Another instrumental song much like Cure For The Itch. This one has some excellent DJ work. 8/10<br />13. Numb -- Perfect song to close out the album with. Very beautiful piano work on it. Another powerful rock ballad from Linkin Park. Bravo! 10/10
0345446798|3.0|This is a great book for those who are new to dogs or who have had problems understanding how human behavior can end up reinforcing 'bad' behavior in a companion dog. However, for those who have spent some time sharing their lives with dogs, there isn't anything new here. I would probably have rated this book 5 stars back when I was a junior in high school trying to understand my first dog (who was luckily VERY forgiving of my mistakes). But 30+ years later, after studying many of the same reference materials myself during my own wildlife ethology studies, I would rate this book 3 stars. It helped me reinforce what I already knew and gave me some new references I'd overlooked (I've already ordered Alan Beck's 'The Ecology of Stray Dogs'). But this book is not an essential for my own dog behavior/training bookshelf. One amusing feature is the authors constant reference to herself as a Applied Animal Behaviorist (with capitols, no less). You can expect this reminder to readers of her 'real credentials' in each chapter.
B00008H2LE|5.0|The Album: - When I picked up Meteora, I was expecting the same old Linkin Park we all love, but after listening to it, my guess turned out to be totally wrong. It still has that Linkin Park sound, yet contains a different element, an element that makes this album rockin. The variety of slow, fast, hard, and soft music in this album makes it one that will not only keep LP fans happy, but create new LP fans. They really gave it their all in this record and its impressing. LP still used their good mixture of hip-hop and metal rock, adding a few new components, including: Piano, Violins, and Chellos. Certain songs on this album like 'Hit the Floor' and 'Faint' are awsome, and other tracks like 'Nobody's Listening' is a good hip-hop song with some asian flavor mixed in. <br />The DVD: - The DVD is cool. The whole thing is mainly the band talking about what it was like to record Meteora, how the songs came to be written, and what it was like in the studio recording Meteora.<br />I recomend this album, expecially if your a Linkin Park fan. For those who arent Linkin Park fans, get it anyway. Who knows, you might really like it. So anyway, If you liked Hybrid Theory, you definitly won't dislike Meteora. Trust me (which I find kinda hard to do since you don't even know me).
B00008CLOA|5.0|Fantastic Record!!! A Must Have!!! <BR>The Clock at \\"Time\\" sounds awesom, also the cashiermachine ....I will now buy a SVCD Player to hear the 5.1 sound ....<BR>Absolutely Great!!!!
0316666343|4.0|I was definitely not going to buy this book. I thought that I am not ready to torment myself with such a dreadful subject; standing in the bookstore  I found myself reading the beginning pages with interest and by the next day read all of Amazon's sample pages. Then I just had to read the rest.<BR>I would like to start out by saying that I have mixed feelings regarding the \\"Lovely Bones\\" on which I will elaborate, but in any case I think this is a reading that is worth your time and only if to raise this important issue. I read the \\"Lovely Bones\\" during the days when Elizabeth Smart, the missing girl, was found alive in Salt Lake City, Utah.  My thoughts about this happy event were entangled with the thoughts I had during \\"The Lovely Bones\\" reading and its issues which deal not only with the dead and the living, family coping strategies and survival methods in general but also brings to mind the issue of missing children and child abuse and even something about the world beyond. Something comforting I might add.<BR>The major surprise of this book is that it is not horrible. The author is able to overcome the major \\"awfulness\\" of the issue by giving you the main facts right out front. Susie is dead. She tells us how it happened and who did it in the beginning pages. The reader will be spared the suspension and the feeling that something bad is going to happen and the hopes that the family will later have  (\\"even if they found an elbow...she can live without a hand...\\" ). I think that being able to deal with this issue in a some-what-matter-of-fact is the major achievement of this book. Not to say that the book is not very emotional, it is. <BR>Also, the book portrays quite well the different coping mechanisms that each family member develops and how such event throws people totally out of balance. Also what an effort it is to continue living - this is especially well portrayed in the father's character that is the most endearing and is very reliable. So is Lindsey and the way having a dead sister affected her growing up and life decisions. However, some of the other relationships (father and mother for example) are not totally reliable and understood (especially not the final reunion).<BR>The book has a major \\"gimmick\\" - it describes the life beyond. The heaven is \\"your personal heaven\\" and I must say this idea has something very comforting in it.  However, this is also a major flaw of the book as once you understand this \\"gimmick\\" you want more. I for example had more questions about Susie. Does she grow up in the world beyond or does she always stay 14? Susie is not critical of anything that goes on in \\"our\\" world although she sees it all. Is this accepting also a part of heaven? She is happy when she is remembered but is she upset when she is forgotten? Or does she learn to control her wants because the frustration of not being able to affect the living will be too great? My questions remained unanaswered. Also, there is some \\"Hollywoodish\\" sense to some parts of the book and especially in the way things fall into place in the end. A good example for this will be Susie \\"falling of the sky\\" - I have to admit I was satisfied for her being \\"alive\\" if only for a few hours, but it was too much for me to take. I can accept \\"mystical\\" but I cannot accept easy solutions. I also have to say that the ending had a sense of \\"life goes on\\" and \\"Susie and family were able to seperate from each other\\". It is surprising to see this notion in a book that understands grief and mourning so well. People say that the pain only grows with time - not the opposite.  These are the low parts of the book which do not match the ability to understand the dynamics of the mourning family, the impact of the dead on the living, and the author ability not to judge and not to condemn anyone for his reactions. In this regard I thought that \\"not catching the murderer\\" was a just decison from the author's side and lends to the books credibility.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Another great album, I recommend it to Linkin Park fans and any rock fan. They've grown so much and worked so hard on this album, it really shows. Hard riffs, Catchy Melodies, Great lyrics. And best of all, no one sounds like Linkin Park. The enhanced cd is really cool, exclusive merchandise, and you learn how much work went into Meteora. Concluding, this album is just as good as Hybrid Theory and better.
B000075BFK|4.0|i.ve rated this cd with 4 stars becouse his lirycs on this one are as good as normal,my favorite number they dont give a f*[**] about us,is one of my favorites on this number is the lyric as well as the music verry good and that is what i like.<BR>other numbers like mama's just a little girl are verry verry good and thugz mansion is great not to forget still ballin.<BR>and every lyric has a message in it and that's what i like from 2pac. rest in peace.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is one of Diana's best cds.  Every song is perfectly done and worth every penny spent.  In this album, Diana's perfect voice is highlighted to perfection.  Each song selection is catchy, smoothly done and well recorded.  Definitly one of Diana's best cd's yet.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I have to admit I was waiting forever for this album to come. I throughly enjoyed Hybrid Theory and to this date that album still gets plenty of play time in my car and stereo. Of course as soon as Meteora came out on tuesday I was right there to buy it. I have to admit this new album is a different and harder sound than the catchier Hybrid Theory. Thankfully, the new sound works amazingly well. Linkin Park does not stick to what made their first album a success, but rather they expand their horizons and develop new and memorable songs. The album is short but unlike most LP's today there are no filler tracks so you can just hit play and enjoy all 13 tracks. Linkin Park clearly avoided the sophomore album slump and delivered songs that will keep loyal fans happy until their next album and will for sure attract many new fans. The best song on the album is the final track &quot;numb&quot; but other can't miss songs include &quot;Faint,&quot; &quot;Somewhere I Belong,&quot; &quot;Lying From You&quot; and &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot;
B00005JLK1|2.0|Aside from the gruesome, gory opening sequence there's really not much to recommend about Ghost Ship. It's basically a rehash of Event Horizon (1997), a much superior horror movie. Event Horizon itself had traces of Alien (1979) and The Shining (1980), but still managed to be an effective, freaky thriller. Ghost Ship offers nothing new, features cardboard characters, predictable situations and annoying music video-type style. This is typical of most horror movies today, though. <br />This could have been a good movie if better work had been done on the script and the director were more intent on making a movie than a music video. Even the plot is derivative of Event Hoziron. I would recommend renting that instead of Ghost Ship. It's a much more effective, scary horror movie. This movie is just a quick fix for the short-attention-span-teen crowd.
B00005AQE8|5.0|i've rated this one 5 stars only because that's the most u can give em,but this is really a masterpeace.<BR>It is so good becouse he wasjust out of jail and was verry fast with the recording of this album.<BR>only God can judge me is a stong number and a verry good lyric.<BR>on this album he is with the different artist, 2 of amerika's most wanted with snoop is a masterpiece.<BR>the whole cd is good.<BR>heaven ain't hard to find this are all verry good numbers and there is a message in much of this numbers a masterpiece.
B00006L83N|4.0|In the realm of power/progressive metal, Symphony X is one of the best. I am very picky about what I like in this genre. I have to like both the vocals and the guitar a lot before I purchase the CD. Before learning that Symphony X was from N.J. (lol!!!), I decided that they were a good band, but their vocals are still not the best in the business. This is not to say they aren't better than virtually all their U.S. contemporaries, they just could be a tad better. They have been on tour with Blind Guardian, who obviously overshadows their talent, but this is not all of it. They can refine their sound, although this album is very good.
B00008H2LE|5.0|ok i'll admit that hybrid theory was a little better but then again that could be considered one of the top 3 cds ever.  This cd is sick nasty.  Linkin Park brought something a little different from the first album but fresh which makes it awesome.  It is started off with a great song called don't stay (favorite song on the cd) and then a couple songs later goes right off into the cd's first single, somewhere i belong, which is a crazy good song too.  Linkin Park is on a pretty good streak with albums.  hybrid theory was amazing, reanimation was the worst thing i have ever heard, and then this is pretty damn good too.
0385484518|5.0|There aren't many books that I can't put down, that I wish would never end; Tuesdays with Morrie is one of them.  Unfortunately, this book has an inescapable end.  It leaves the reader with the valuable lesson of coming to terms with his or her own mortality - and living life with no regrets.<br />Morrie got to me on a personal level; he reminded me of an old friend, and our own discussions over the years.  Talking, but more importantly listening, about life.  Morrie knew what it really meant to be a human: To be compassionate - an attribute that is important to any relationship.  <br />If you think you know everything...read this book.
B000088E6D|1.0|Let's be real...this CD is no better than any other lounge act. If you want the real thing, there are those out there. This, however, is not one of them.<br />To begin with, the songs sound like the band is karaoke. <br />This singer is from Burnaby, BC. Although his promotional materials call him &quot;25,&quot; it is not true. This 30 year old singer is 30, not 25. Warner apparently believes it necessary to market him as 25 so that they get the younger kids to like him.<br />That normally would not have a lot to do with the quality of an albums, but it does in this case, because it's Warner trying to market something that is not true.<br />I hate to break it to you, Buble...but none of the Rat Pack was from Canada. The Crooner is an American bred thing, and signing a record deal (by fellow canadian David Foster, produced by fellow canadian Paul Anka, and just plain full of Canadian connections) does NOT make you a crooner.<br />It just makes this singer very lucky. Talent, however, sustains a career, and there is little there based on this album.
B00001OH7U|5.0|As a massive Bowie fan with every album he has cut, with bootlegs to boot, this has to be my favourite.  Listen to the title track late at night, loud, driving along the motorway/freeway/autobahn. You will get it.  The opening three minutes sans vocals are incredible, you can hear the incredible textured layers, a bird soound, the guitar cranking up, and then you are gonna hear the most amazing art-funk rinse out you have ever heard.  This is music at it's most contemporary.  i urge you to listen to it.
B000083C49|5.0|After the often overshadowed Star Trek III, producer Harve Bennett and returning director Leonard Nimoy wanted to make a light-hearted adventure with no deaths.  That was understandable because III had the destruction of the Enterprise, the death of Kirk's son, and an overall serious revival adventure for Mr. Spock.  After a script by Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes (with Eddie Murphy originally supposed to have a role because he was a big Trek fan), Harve Bennett needed a rewrite.  The man chosen: Nicholas Meyer, writer and director of Star Trek II.<br />What we have here is one of the magnum efforts in the series.  Not only does it deliver solid laughs from start (ok, more so middle) to finish, it is also a grand adventure that Roddenberry probably loved.  The relationships between the characters are fully exploited here and Nicholas Meyer even takes advantage of Spock's rebirth as humor.  The laughs?  Filled with classics like Scotty's \\"Hello computer\\" scene or the hospital chase scene, this film perfectly blends urban realities with the world of Star Trek in a similar way to Beverly Hills Cop's blending of action and comedy.<br />The only thing that flaws this film is Leonard Rosenman's somewhat lackluster score.  The film manages to blend (or hide, depending on if you like the score or not) the music enough that you really don't notice it.  I still would've preferred James Horner or Jerry Goldsmith, but I'm not complaining.<br />Hate Star Trek?  Watch this film.  Even if you hate Star Trek, this will keep you entertained.  An excellent film in every sense of the word with great humor abounds.  Some people may claim II or VI as the best, but this one's got its share of moments.  If you're looking for great humor and a decent story (ok, it's corny... \\"save the whales\\", so what?), this one's for you.
B00005JLEU|5.0|At the time of this review's writing, Spirited Away just won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, beating out Lilo & Stitch, Treasure Planet, Spirit, and Ice Age. It also bears the distinction of being the first Japanese animation to win the award. I say, there was no contest.<br />Spirited Away is a fantastic and deep movie, with characters that feel very much alive, even though they're obviously animated drawings. Miyazaki, the director, deliberately instructed his animators to focus on the tiny human details of everyday actions, such as eating. The animators were actually in the studio's cafeteria, filming their coworkers. This attention to detail is what makes the movie come alive. Chihiro sits down and carefully inches her way down a steep stairway on the outside of a building. Chihiro's mother bites a strip of meat off a cooked bird, and pulls sideways with her jaw, not straight out. (The meat doesn't streeeeetch and pop, either.) It just seems REAL.<br />And then, of course, the movie really begins and things get somewhat surreal. The parade of creatures crossing the bridge is just the beginning: Robed figures wearing masks and holding fans in front of their faces, creatures that appear to be giant chickadees, weird monster-like creatures with tusks and horns and green hair. And they're being welcomed by humanish frogs. And that's just the beginning of the movie.<br />But, at the same time, with all these fantastic spirits and creatures, the movie maintains its human element: Chihiro. She is the only real human in most of the movie, and it is her ability to adapt, and to care, that propels the story. Chiriho grows. She learns that she has to make it on her own initiative if she wants to get what she needs.<br />If you're still with me, hopefully you're not of the mind that cartoons are just for kids. This movie has a PG rating for a reason. It's not for young children. There is some blood, and a few moments that would probably scare anyone under the age of 8 or so. However, this movie is for kids and adults not because of that, but because of how deep and meaningful its story is. Months after seeing it in theatres, I was still picking out pieces of theme from the film. There is a lot in here: Themes of identity and names, friendship, giving, family, greed, love, bravery, survival, maturity, and self-sacrifice.<br />Miyazaki also gave the story another aspect of realism: There is no clearly-defined \\"good\\" and \\"bad\\" guy. The heroine (Chihiro) is not perfect, though she tries hard to be strong. The 'villain' has a warm, caring side that she reserves for only one person. The mysterious character with unclear motives takes an unexpected turn. Miyazaki refuses to paint the story in extremes of black and white. What does this mean? He writes the story with all the detail and care it deserves, knowing you'll have to be paying attention.<br />All of this to say, watch this movie. I believe you'll thank me for it.
B00008H2LE|5.0|i still give it a 5 ive preview it as being a street teamer and its superbly herbly:) lying from you is so cool this album .....IS better then there last i was skeptical at first but now its like what? what? dont stay and faint are also ....like mellowish ya know in my vocabulary...its like go buy this cd now!
6305350205|2.0|[Don't like this movie?  I don't blame you.]<br />After the highly successful Star Trek IV, Paramount wanted to make another lighthearted adventure. But where this film went wrong was with William Shatner, whose original story featured dark elements involving Hell and a maniacal Vulcan's search for God. On top of that, he was elected director because of Nimoy's insistence. If there wasn't any indication of an \\"odd-numbered\\" curse, this and the very first Trek adventure might help boast that statement.<br />Before I rack this film for its degrading quality, I will state here that this isn't the worst of the Treks. The story itself is rather Roddenberry-esque, but it's the script's execution (mainly by David Loughery) that needed some extreme adjusting. However, the reason for this film's quality is mostly due to Paramount's contraints of the budget. The camping scenes are also quite good.<br />Where this film goes wrong is the stupid plotting and mostly dumb humor inbetween. In one scene, Scotty says \\"I know this ship like the back of my hand\\" and then his head hits a bulkhead, knocking him unconsciousness. What the [heck] is this?! Spock's half-brother, an emotional Vulcan (played by Laurence Luckinbill) seeking God? This actually doesn't like a bad idea, but it comes off as rather hokey and unbelievable. The ending involving God was also ludicrous (again, budget constraint). Also, many people have stated that Shatner can't act. I thought he was good in II and did alright in III and IV, but here is where it's noticeably bad.<br />If there's anything to be praised about this film, it is the choice to return Jerry Goldsmith to do the musical score. He proved his worth with the first one and provided the recognizable Trek TNG theme. His score here is one of the best to date in the composer's career and it's quite a shame that it's slapped onto such a horrible movie. In my opinion, this has the best \\"End Credits\\" music (the Trek films employ the Trek theme and bracket it with music within the movie for the ending credits) to date.<br />Overall, a forgettable adventure with a complicated plot. Definitely one of the worst in the series. As a result of this debacle, Star Trek VI would be helmed by returning director Nicholas Meyer and with positive results. No wonder Gene Roddenberry hated this one.with music within the movie for the ending credits) to date.<br />Overall, a forgettable adventure with a complicated plot. Definitely one of the worst in the series. As a result of this debacle, Star Trek VI would be helmed by returning director Nicholas Meyer and with positive results. No wonder Gene Roddenberry hated this one.
B00008H2LB|5.0|The first Linkin Park CD was one of the greatest CDs released that year and possibly one of the best rock CDs ever, in my opinion. There wasnt a song on it that i didn't like. Then I picked up the remix album, which wasn't so hot and it was a disappointment. There was too much hip hop, but then again, it was a remix album. So when I heard about the new album, I was very interested in hearing some new Linkin Park songs. I am very happy with this album.<BR>The songs are of the same heavyness and quality of the songs on the first album. Songs like Don't stay and Hit the Floor are good examples of this. Some of the songs have very good DJ intros into heavy riffs like Lying From You and Faint. There are also some slower songs, like Easier to Run, that are just as great as the others.<BR>In conclusion, I feel that this is probably the best Linkin Park CD that is out so far. Some may not agree, but i think it is better than the first, and much much better than the second. If you plan picking up any Linkin Park CD, make it this one. Like i said, you may disagree, but I think this tops to other two.
B00008H2LE|4.0|Meteora is a very good CD.  It has a lot more computer generated sounds and effects than Hybrid Theory, but they sound good.  I rated all of the songs on the album to show what you should download or what you are about to buy...<br />1. Foreword - I don't know why this wasn't just put in the beginning of the next song.  I mean, it's only 13 seconds and it goes well with the transition to track 2.<br />2. Don't Stay - This song has a cool intro beat, and a pretty good chorus.  It is a good opening song for the album.  9/10<br />3. Somewhere I Belong - Good single.  Great song.  Yup.  10/10<br />4. Lying From You - Has a cool melody in the beginning, but is like all Linkin Park songs.  Pretty good chorus.  8/10<br />5. Hit the Floor - Cool guitar effect and intro.  Mike is not the best rapper I've heard, and this song proves it.  Weird effect on the chorus, but it's pretty good.  7/10<br />6. Easier to Run - Good slow song and a good chorus.  Very good drum part for this song. Whole song is good except for the fact that Mike Shinoda says \\"I would\\" about 30 times in the song, literally.  8/10<br />7. Faint - Cool melody and good beat for the intro.  Mike actually raps pretty well in this song, and the chorus is very good.  Good song.  9/10<br />8. Figure.09 - Nice guitar intro.  Rappin is alright, but the chorus is better.  This song should be called Part of Me, but they already have a song called that, so that's probably why they called this song Figure.09.  8/10<br />9. Breaking the Habit - This song, I think, is the best on the album.  The melody goes very well with the drums, even though they are probably made by machines.  They had a real orchestra in this song, though, and it sounds very good.  Sweet chorus, and it was a good choice not to have Mike in this song.  10/10<br />10. From the Inside - This song is in 6/8 time, and it was done very well.  I think this is their only song they've done in 6/8, so it was different.  The verse goes well with the chorus.  9/10<br />11. Nobody's Listening - This song is different, but sounds very cool.  It has a Japanese flute and a simple beat.  The chorus sounds nice.  This is a song that should have rapping for sure, and it does.  10/10<br />12. Session - Nothing will ever be as good as Mr. Hahn from Hybrid Theory, but it is alright.  9/10<br />13. Numb - I think they were trying to make this song dramatic for the end of the album just like Pushing Me Away was on Hybrid Theory.  It is just as good except for damn Mike Shinoda when he says \\"Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow.\\"  It's almost like he's trying to ruin the song.  But it's still a very good song.  10/10<br />This CD is definately worth buying.  I don't think it is as good as Hybrid Theory, but others my think otherwise.  I'm not sure if the DVD is worth paying the extra $5.  I bought the DVD with the CD but did not look at it yet.
B00008H2LB|5.0|reanimation was an upseting album.... i think all linkin park fans knew that. after their multi platinum album, \\"Hybrid Theory\\", we have been waiting for new material for 3 years. Here it is after all these months of waiting, \\"Meteora\\", delivers a great sound, which only Linkin Park can perfect. This album is carried by Mr. Hahns electronica sounds, it adds a powerful sound in it. Mike's rapping has gotten better, Chesters voice is more powerful, Brads finally shows his real guitar skills, its much better then it was Hybrid Theory. They finally have a real bassist in Phoenix for this cd, so theres better Guitar/Bass colaberations, and robs drumming has improved also, unlike HT, its not the same beat over and over, on the same song. They've all improved musically. In my opinion this cd is better then Hybrid Theory. It has a unique sound that Hybrid Theory didn't have. All i can say is buy it, its worth it. This wil bring back old Linkin Park fans, that thought they \\"sold out\\". They didn't not a bit..<br />ratings: outta 10<BR>Don't Stay - 8.5, a great way to start off the cd<BR>Somewhere I Belong - 9.2, the 1st single, this song is different compared to the rest on the cd.<BR>Lying From You - 9, chester has amazing vocals on this track.<BR>Hit The Floor - 7.5, one of the decent tracks, but not good good.<BR>Easier to Run - 10, a great song, this is what good music is.<BR>Faint - 9, mike shows his rapping skills in this song.<BR>Figure .09 - 8.5, one of the harder tracks on the cd.<BR>Breaking The Habit - 10, this song is unbelievable, even without mike.<BR>From The Inside - 10, it reminds me of in the end, but a little more harder.<BR>Nobody's Listening - 7.5, a decent track...<BR>Session - 8, mr hahn!!!!!!!!!1<BR>Numb - 9.5, this song is a great way to close the cd.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park is one those great bands out there. I had been waiting for their new album for a long time now. I was a bit scared to think they were going to buy one of those bands with one album hit. But that thought quickly faded when I heard a few songs on LPTV. Finally the day came when my CD was gonna land it's way to my CD player. I've been listening to Meteora for more then a day now. It's such a great album I love it. I actually saw them perform a few the songs at The Wiltern. So if there's an album you must get it't this one. Linkin Park is a force to be wrecken with they are a great band. You will love this CD is the best ever. I love LP and LPUers, SCU you guys rock....
B00007E8V4|3.0|The thought of this band is in it's name: that there can be a systematic way out of the system, so that the system goes down. The lead-singer tells us that art/ words come from the universe, and he is merely a means to pass them on.<br />However, since the Copernican revolution, science and technology (<- us, the system) are based on an archimedical viewpoint, OUTSIDE off earth. The Copernican revolution is the end of the earth and man dream-time. This can however very well turn out to be the actual destruction of earth, foreshadowed in our yearn to leave earth, and no longer dream along with it.<br />Conclusion: There is no systematic way out of the system. The system itself comes from open/ outerspace. S.O.A.D is a dead end.<br />There remains this question: In what respect are Science and technology itself a dream? In which respect is 'dem Leicht' a dream, a dream of death?
B00008H2LB|2.0|I must say that I wasn't necessarily anticipating this album, but needless to say I was curious. I was hoping that the band would stick to their words and evolve, but majority of this album sounds like b sides from Hybrid Theory. I don't blame them for not changing the style because after all when your album sells 10 million copies why fix whats not broke. The problem is that theres so many bands that came out and copied Linkin Park's style that its worn out. So to hear them again is just kind of same old stuff we've heard before on radio or tv. The only good songs in my opinion are the ones where it is either majority Chester or Chester himself. \\"Don't Stay\\" is really catchy and plus theres no Mike (major plus). \\"Breaking The Habit\\" is like a faster \\"My December\\" with smooth singing by Chester. Like I said in the Queen of the Damned soundtrack if only Chester had a side project or Mike Shinoda quit the band things would be much better. Yet I will say that if you like Hybrid Theory chances are you'll like this, but if you were hoping for change then you'll be let down.
B00008H2LB|5.0|The new LP is back to the basics just like they did it in Hybrid Teory. The rifts are hard and the lyrics are great. Buy Meteora!
B00006SFBD|5.0|If you were to mix metal, with death metal style vocals, with a hint of folk acoustics then you would probably get Opeth. I'm just now getting into them so i'm a little behind, but i'm just glad i finally discovered them. These guys give metal a great name unlike the \\"MTV\\" metal that is labeled everyday. Yet to call them metal almost seems wrong, Opeth doesn't really go into any classification. They are simply in a class of their own.<br /><br /> \\"Wreath\\" wastes no time getting right into what they said would be their heaviest album. This track doesn't leave a hint of melody or acoustics which I think really leaves quite the statement of how they wanted this album looked upon. The title track my personal favorite switches from death metal type screams to a very soothing voice with acoustics. The last 3 minutes or more is by far the best part instrumentally. What amazese me so much about these guys are their patience to get from point a to point b. You'd figure with 11-13 minute songs that you would loose interest and move on but each gasping minute is better than the next. \\"A Fair Judgement\\" doesn't feature hard heavy metal like previously mentioned, but is in more of the lines of classic metal or even prog rock like Dream Theater for example. \\"By The Pain I See in Others\\" is an extremely haunting end to this great album with Mikael experimenting with his vocals and also instrumentally climbing to new heights.<br /><br />Even with the abundence of great albums that came out in 02' (Shadows Fall, In Flames, Meshuggah and countless others) Opeth probably still grabbed best metal album of the year. They go on to create the mellow soothing record that is Damnation which also so far has won my album of the year. Opeth will remain one of the most important and original bands you'll hear.
B00008H2LE|4.0|This CD is very good overall.  You can tell that they put a lot of effort into the tracks, everything they did is great quality stuff.  All the songs have a slightly different feel to it.  <br />Overall it is good cd, but HT is definately better in my opinion.  I suppose it's good that the sound is different than HT, but the lyrics aren't of the same calibur.  It is fun to listen to, but not something you want to sing along with.<br />Linkin Park is still my favorite band though.  I like how they put so much effort in their tracks, and how it doesn't seem like they put in ... as a filler.<br />Buy it and enjoy.  Get this Enhanced version too, it's worth the extra few bucks.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I was wondering how Linkin Park would follow up their great debut cd, and it couldn't have been any better. This CD is at some points classic LP and at other times its breaking new ground for them and just showing how creative they are. Somewhere I Belong is a great song and another I love is Easier to Run, plus Breaking the Habit. Its a great cd overall and Linkin Park was able to create a cd that only further proves their talent and that their first cd was no fluke. For all LP fans out there, get this for sure, its a great follow up cd and all the songs are great.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Alright...to start off, to everyone who says that Linkin Park sold out with their remix album, take a step back and calm down now. Theres a lot of buzz about this album being 'just linkin park', I'm hearing a lot, online, and in the 'real world' about how the album isn't going to be good because LP lost their touch, and that their tired of the same old LP stuff...while grab a copy of Meteora, sit down, listen, and be content.<BR>     Meteora is a nice dose of adrenaline and soul, in one compact package, displaying everything dedicated Linkin Park fans have been waiting for. The lyrics, are just as good as the lyrics were the first time again, complete with adolecent angst, depression, and love. The songs still have all the same elements - IE screaming, rap, Joe Hahn scrathing up from behind the scenes, and of course, an interstrumental track. The album is exactly what LP fans want. Heres a quick run down of the album : <br />Foreward : A quick, 13 second track that basically intrigues the listener into listening. The sound of a hammer opens the track, and it leads right into the backround beats and bass riff of the second track. 10/10<br />Don't Stay : Reminds me of 'Crawling' and 'Runaway', from Hybrid. 8/10.<br />Somewhere I Belong : The first single, kinda slow. My personal least favorite on the album. 6/10<br />Lying From You : The intro to this song is excellent, and the rest of the song is the same. 9/10<br />Hit The Floor : Loud bass and guitar riffs open this. Good sound quality too it. Mike sounds great in rap on this, solid, like 'Place For My Head' on Hybrid. 8/10<br />Easier To Run : Nice and original. One of the best songs on the cd. 9/10.<br />Faint : A flute opens this, but somehow, the soft flute, bass, beat boxes, rap, and screeching vocals fit into it. 8/10.<br />Figure.09 : Constant tension in this album. I don't like the way it progresses, but I foresee it will be bigger. It reminds me of 'Crawling' and 'One Step Closer', with a little 'In The End'.<BR>8/10<br />Breaking The Habit : My favorite on the song. Mellow, loud, rap, all together. I really like it, it flows nicely, and flows with the rest of the album. I think it will be a hit. 10/10<br />From The Inside : I dunno what to say...except I don't like it all that much. It's decent, not a sucker, but I'm not fond of it. 7/10<br />Nobody's Listening : Another flute opened song that fits, nice dj work on the track. A little too rappy sounding to me. 8/10.<br />Session : Nice DJ session, complete with Hahn style scratching. Great follow up to Cure for the Itch. 10/10.<br />Numb : I dunno if Breaking The Habit, or this song is higher on my list. I'm really fond of it. I like it a lot. 10/10.<br />For those of you keeping a track, thats 101/130...a C+.<BR>Not so bad when you consider I give most albums D's and E's.<br />Maybe not quite the album Hybrid Theory was, but still a monumental accomplishment for Linkin Park. This one is at least worth downloading and burning, or borrowing from a friend. Don't listen to the buzz, Meteora is worth the...bucks you'll pay for it.
6305089957|4.0|A good sequel. Rare \\"good, almost better, than the original\\" sequels. Fun. Score: 97/100
B00008H2LB|5.0|Alright...to start off, to everyone who says that Linkin Park sold out with their remix album, take a step back and calm down now. Theres a lot of buzz about this album being 'just linkin park', I'm hearing a lot, online, and in the 'real world' about how the album isn't going to be good because LP lost their touch, and that their tired of the same old LP stuff...while grab a copy of Meteora, sit down, listen, and be content.<BR>     Meteora is a nice dose of adrenaline and soul, in one compact package, displaying everything dedicated Linkin Park fans have been waiting for. The lyrics, are just as good as the lyrics were the first time again, complete with adolecent angst, depression, and love. The songs still have all the same elements - IE screaming, rap, Joe Hahn scrathing up from behind the scenes, and of course, an interstrumental track. The album is exactly what LP fans want. Heres a quick run down of the album : <br />Foreward : A quick, 13 second track that basically intrigues the listener into listening. The sound of a hammer opens the track, and it leads right into the backround beats and bass riff of the second track. 10/10<br />Don't Stay : Reminds me of 'Crawling' and 'Runaway', from Hybrid. 8/10.<br />Somewhere I Belong : The first single, kinda slow. My personal least favorite on the album. 6/10<br />Lying From You : The intro to this song is excellent, and the rest of the song is the same. 9/10<br />Hit The Floor : Loud bass and guitar riffs open this. Good sound quality too it. Mike sounds great in rap on this, solid, like 'Place For My Head' on Hybrid. 8/10<br />Easier To Run : Nice and original. One of the best songs on the cd. 9/10.<br />Faint : A flute opens this, but somehow, the soft flute, bass, beat boxes, rap, and screeching vocals fit into it. 8/10.<br />Figure.09 : Constant tension in this album. I don't like the way it progresses, but I foresee it will be bigger. It reminds me of 'Crawling' and 'One Step Closer', with a little 'In The End'.<BR>8/10<br />Breaking The Habit : My favorite on the song. Mellow, loud, rap, all together. I really like it, it flows nicely, and flows with the rest of the album. I think it will be a hit. 10/10<br />From The Inside : I dunno what to say...except I don't like it all that much. It's decent...but I'm not fond of it. 7/10<br />Nobody's Listening : Another flute opened song that fits, nice dj work on the track. A little too rappy sounding to me. 8/10.<br />Session : Nice DJ session, complete with Hahn style scratching. Great follow up to Cure for the Itch. 10/10.<br />Numb : I dunno if Breaking The Habit, or this song is higher on my list. I'm really fond of it. I like it a lot. 10/10.<br />For those of you keeping a track, thats 101/130...a C+.<BR>Not so bad when you consider I give most albums D's and E's.<br />Maybe not quite the album Hybrid Theory was, but still a monumental accomplishment for Linkin Park. This one is at least worth downloading and burning, or borrowing from a friend. Don't listen to the buzz, Meteora< is worth the 12-18 bucks you'll pay for it.
B00008H2LE|5.0|When i got this cd i was blowen away! It rocks so much. Every song is good.If you like the first cd you would like Meteora too. Go out and buy it. It would be in your cd player for months.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park's Meteora is definitly one of the best CDs of the year. I love it. Great followup to Hybrid Theory and Reanimation. Definitly wellworth your money.
B00005B1EX|5.0|When I first saw this album in the local storeI was like \\"Hey wow that looks swell\\" so I read some reviews here at Amazon.com. Sounded like a good CD so I bought it. When I got the CD and listened to it, and IT was great! Twenty dollars gets you 20 20-minute phone calls (400 minutes, 6 Hours 40 Minutes). Or it gets you a bomb Halford CD with all the bomb Priest songs and some new ones two. The first and probably best song is \\"Resurrection\\". It blows everything else away. The CD also includes some Priest hits like \\"Electric Eye\\". Parts of the CD is not that good, but most of it is awesome. This CD is worth every cent you pay for it. METAL FOREVER!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is THE album of the 90's and perhaps the greatest album ever recorded. It's definitely in the running. Every song is brilliant, but more than that...the songs run together and build on the whole. This is a true album, where the songs literally FLOW and the listener is caught up in a daydream that ends with Transit and a bell that goes off almost as if the dream is over and it's time to wake up and face reality. <br />I personally think Let Down is the crowning achievement on this album. The song follows a similar structure to the also brilliant Fake Plastic Trees. But the harmonies and overall sound quality are more complicated than Trees (this isn't to say it's better). Yorke's voice and lyrics, the band, the sound quality...it all comes together for one of the greatest rock recordings in history. And this is only one song. Exit Music For a Film and Lucky are perhaps the most haunting and hopeless songs I've ever listened to. They allow you to really FEEL what Yorke is expressing.
B00008H2LE|4.0|From all I have read, it seems that Linkin park put a lot of effort into this album... sadly, though, it's just not as memorable their first Hybrid Theory was at the time.<br />Perhaps it is unfair to judge an album purely by it's predecessor, because Meteora is in fact a good album... it just doesn't have the same appeal. Although Linkin Park did make things difficult for themselves, as they set the bar very high the first time around.<br />The music sounds quite similar to Hybrid Theory, although it seems slightly more screamy, squeaky and awkward. The melody of Hybrid is still there, but it's less smooth this time around. It's all the same industrial sounding atmosphere with the same generic-tortured-soul lyrics that almsot anyone should be able to relate to... but something still seems to be missing here... it all seems a little drained and powerless compare to what it could have been. It seems that linkin Park's music hasn't really grown much since they made their last album.<br />Over all, if you enjoyed Hybrid, then this is much more of the same, and certainly worth owning... just don't expect anything stunning.
B00008H2LE|5.0|This cd is long waited by Linkin Park fans everywhere. Songs like Numb, Somewhere I Belong, and Easier to Run bring back that same sound we all enjoyed from the first album and Reanimation and takes it to the next level. The instrumentals are even more unique than the original too. This is one album you don't wanna miss.
B000089RVX|5.0|You really can't fault this album.<BR>The dark, dramatic, gothic sounding music is completely atmosperic and haunting, and Amy's vocals add the edge that the music needs.<br />It's difficult to find a band that almost anyone who listens to this area of music will enjoy, but I beleive Evanescence is one of those bands. I can't see anyone being dissapointed in this album. It's original, epic, and doesn't continually sound the same throughout.<br />Also, heavy music has been greatly lacking a female singer who is worth the hype... and Evanescence bridges that gap, setting a new standard.<br />Most certainly worth it.
B0000073AD|4.0|No Mike Oldfield presence on this album but if you like her work with him you will enjoy this! She has a very listenable voice and the songs are fine, if not spectacular...simply good listening! And wouldn't it be great if some smart outfit put out a CD consisting of all the Reilly/Oldfield songs?!
B00008H2LE|5.0|I don't know if I can say this is there best album cause hybrid theory can't be beat, but it definitely ties.  Right now it is the only cd I'm listening to cause every song on it is amazing.  It flows like no other; I can't pick a favorite cause the whole cd jus owns.  My favorite tracks on it thought are, Numb, Breaking the Habit, Nobody's Listening, Faint, and Somewhere I Belong.  If you haven't bought it yet, seriously next time you're at a music store or something use one of those 50 gift certificates you got for Christmas or something.  It is my cd pick for 2003; I also sampled it a week before it came out so I had sometime to enjoy it.  Its simple go out or it order online its amazing. : B Saint
0060012218|5.0|This book is geared toward young adults (high school age), but I feel it's a book all ages can enjoy and benefit from, especially parents who want to better understand their gay son or daughter, and the difficulties they face while in high school.<BR>  <br />Russel is convinced he's the only gay student at GoodKind High until his online gay-chat buddy turns out to be another student, Kevin, who is the popular closeted star baseball player of the school.  Soon Russel learns his best female friend, Min, and her girlfriend, Therese, and another student called Ike, are also gay.  They now have to figure out how they can all get together for talks without drawing attention to themselves.  This leads them to form a club called \\"Geography Club\\".  Is the \\"Geography Club\\" the answer to their problems, or will peer pressure, insecurities, unexpected members and other events, take a toll on their developing friendship, and their new club.<br />Hartinger has written a very realistic, fast-paced story filled with love, hope, humor, and sadness that will touch anyone's heart.  These young students are individuals who are mature beyond their years.  The author has done a brilliant job in getting his message across by developing characters that are very believable.  We need more sensitive, intelligent writing like this that can help all young people deal with being different, especially at a time when there are so many other pressures for them to bear.  It's rough to be young in today's world.  This is a book I recommend for all.  Please don't miss this one!<br />Joe Hanssen
B00005JLSE|1.0|Chicago misses two main things : heart and wit. It's hardly ever funny (whereas the movie Roxie Hart was full of great cynical dialogue and gags), and none of the characters except for John C. Reilly are remotely likeable or interesting. <BR>Add to this some lousy storytelling (Roxie arrogantly firing Billy Flynn and two scenes later having him back as her lawyer, missing several emotional beats, Roxie starting her affair at the beginning of the film and only six months later shooting the guy though it seems like the next morning...), a fairly dull score (which has a few memorable songs but too many boring ones which all tend to sound similar), and miscast stars (Kevin Spacey - who CAN sing and dance should have been Billy Flynn, Renee Zellweger is the least interesting and attractive female star of the moment) and the end result is hardly a classic.<BR>What I really don't understand is why choreographer/director Rob Marshall constantly ruins his own choreography by his flashier-than-thou editing. Granted, a few times this leads to nice effects, but in at least 85% of the cases it is so counterproductive... I would have thought that he'd have returned to the only correct style of showing dance numbers : long full-body shots which follow the dancers. <BR>I also don't like the 'songs are imaginary'-gimmick, especially as it is then intercut with 'real' footage to hammer home the point. Although this does work with the ventriloquist number - the only truly succesful part of the whole film. The final number featuring both girls is totally uninteresting - no way they could be that succesful with such a non-act. And the new song (over the end credits) is truly bad. Kander and Ebb seemed to be completely out of inspiration. <BR>And finally : Richard Gere didn't do his dance number - you NEVER get one full body shot where his face and his feet are visible. It's obviously a double (maybe not in a few shots, but certainly for at least 90% of the number). And it's not even a very interesting or difficult tap dance routine...
B000000WG4|1.0|achievement was his ability to play a couple of dozen different instruments, a one-man orchestra, which in itself is an accomplishment of the same magnitude as being a live mermaid in the P.T. Barnum circus. His masterpieces are monotonous, bleak and boring. The extravagant salesmanship of Richard Branson created a genius out of nothing. This could be the only explanation of the success of Tubular Bells. The introduction of exotic instruments (like two slightly distorted guitars) is the most brilliant idea ever and the 2 minutes of the Sailors Hornpipe theme attest to deep folk roots (and a monstrously tremendous intellect).
B000084T18|5.0|this is the best damn ALBUM ever, you have to get it THIS is exclusive this is legendary JUST GO GET IT
B00000JAXT|2.0|The little \\"red\\" record sleeve is of much more interest than the disc it holds. Based on a Chinese People's Army's poster, this perversion of Maoism could have caused them a lot of grief had they landed in the society of their passion and fascination.
B000063CPL|5.0|If their startling comeback album BRAVE NEW WORLD wasn't enough to prove that Iron Maiden were back in business, than the following double live album ROCK IN RIO will certainly wake up the naysayers.  Recorded on January 19, 2001, at the third annual Rock in Rio festival in Brazil, ROCK IN RIO is an exhilarating live testament in Maiden's canon.  The six-man lineup put on an incredible show, and once \\"The Wicker Man\\" gets rolling with that classic Adrian Smith riff, it never stops.  Even the mellower songs like \\"Blood Brothers\\" and \\"Fear of the Dark\\" are added with a fierce intensity that makes them stand out more than the studio versions.  Although this is the sixth live album in Maiden's career and some of the classic songs have been played before to the point of overkill, the inspired performances by the band and relentless energy from the Brazilian crowd more than makes up for it.<br />Although I really wished the band would've at least played one song from SOMEWHERE IN TIME (either \\"Wasted Years\\" or \\"Heaven Can Wait\\" would've been perfect for this concert), the set list is pretty darn good for the most part.  Combining lots of new material with the old classics and even a couple of underrated tunes as well, you pretty much get the best of all worlds.<br />Surprisingly enough, it's the two Blaze Bayley era tracks that are the standouts.  Blaze's painfully deep voice wasn't the best fit for Maiden.  With Bruce back in the band, he adds his mighty wail perfectly to these two songs and makes it sound like he never left the band.  \\"Sign of the Cross\\" sounds like the true epic it's supposed to be.  Bruce's intro is a lot creepier than Blaze's on the studio counterpart, and the lengthy instrumental section is played with great speed and even greater timing.  \\"The Clansman\\" is the most moving performance on the album.  The lyric that goes \\"No, we can't let them take anymore\\" is truly inspiring with Bruce singing and the crowd really getting into the spirit of things.Kudos to Steve Harris for his awesome acoustic bass on this song.<br />Everything else here is amazing.  \\"Ghost of the Navigator,\\" \\"Blood Brothers,\\" and \\"The Mercenary\\" are the best live representations here from the BRAVE NEW WORLD album.  As for the older songs...\\"2 Minutes to Midnight,\\" \\"The Evil That Men Do,\\" and especially \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name\\" are the best performances of the classic material.  Nicko McBrain's powerful drumming alone on \\"Hallowed\\" is worth the price of this album.  \\"Sanctuary\\" ain't too shabby either, with a fun extended closing section courtesy of Mr. Janick Gers.<br />I was not bored once throughout this entire two-hour extravaganza.  ROCK IN RIO is undoubtedly 21st century Maiden at its shining hour.
B00008H2LE|5.0|One of the most anticpated albums of the year is a great buy. In the workings for over a few years, Meteora didn't want to have the sophmore curse that most bands have to deal with. A CD that should be in your rotation for years to come. Meteora is more like Hybrid Theory than Reanimation, more hard rock and more &quot;Linkin Parkish&quot; instead of the Rap Remix album of Reanimation. If you enjoyed Hybrid Theory, this CD is a must buy!!<BR>CD highlights:<br />Don't Stay<BR>Lying From You<BR>Easier to Run<br />Breaking the Habit<BR>From the Inside<BR>Numb
B00006X06U|5.0|Joni's music is poetry in sound and her poetry is music in words. Travelogue demonstrates this almost to perfection. It's been a long and beautiful journey from Clouds to Travelogue. If this is her last recording then so be it. She will be sorely missed.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I know that all of us Linkin Park fans were expecting a good cd. Well, here it is! The songs are awesome! Need I say more? As for my fave song, I really cant make up my mind. I definentaly recommend this cd. I know you all would love it. So go out there &amp; get it!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Trust me, you are going to have to listen to ALL the songs a few times before they start to grow on you. I at first HATED all the songs on this album except #11 (Nobody's Listening), but after listening to the cd a few times, most of a the songs are VERY good. #'s 2, 4, 5, 7, and 11 are the best.
B000066F6H|5.0|I heard this album at a listening station at a record store.  All it took was the first 15 seconds of the first song to play for me to know that I was leaving the store with this album.  Veni Vidi Vicious is straight-up punk rock.  To suggest that they're unoriginal is inaccurate insofar as no new music is truly original.  All bands draw on others as influences.  Fortunately for us, The Hives don't play games when choosing who to sound like.  The album clocks in at just under 30 minutes, which is perfect for a true punk album.  Any longer would be too much.  The only disappointment that I have with this album is that I didn't find it when it was originally released 3 years ago on Epitaph.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Linkin Park came out of the woodwork and surprised us with Hybrid Theory, a well produced great sounding album that was one of the first bands (besides Limp Bizkit) to perfectly combine good old hard rock and rap. Well after a year and a half they are back. If You like Hybrid Theory you will love this album, their mission was to take their sampling to the next level wich they have with authority. This album sounds better than Theory did and is slightly harder as well, the only drawback is the length at only 36:37 it is the shortest full album I have ever seen, with a year and half to complete this masterpiece, and the price tag I would expect it to be longer. Besides that it's a great buy for any LP fan.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This album is awesome. My Favorite band did NOT let me down. This album it even better than the first two. The only problem I have with it is that it is to short. It ends and you just want more.
B00008H2LE|5.0|I got this CD the first day it came out and havent stopped listening to it yet.  I was sceptical about Linkin Parks new CD after Reanimation, But I have no doubts about there talent anymore.  The CD has no bad songs and it is a great addition to the Linkin Park and any other rock collection.
6305878323|5.0|1964: Julie Andrews was awarded the Oscar for Best Actress in her performance as Mary Poppins. British-born Julie Andrews was an accomplished singer on the American musical stage, as well as a gifted actress who would later appear in such films as The Sound Of Music and Victor/Victoria. She is most known for her work in this film. To many, it is the zenith of her career; certainly it launched her career. The Disney film was based on the British novelist P.L. Traver's books \\"Mary Poppins\\" and its sequel\\"Mary Poppins Comes Back\\". <br />George Banks (David Tomlinson), is the typical Victorian husband who works at a prestigious bank in downtown London, whose wife Winnifred (Glynis Johns) is an active feminist, whose children, Jane and Michael have successfully rid themselves of various nannies through their mischief. When the magical Mary Poppins comes into their lives, she transforms their lives through magical going ons (becoming part of a painting, having tea in the air) and brings happiness and remedy to the home that badly needs the affectionate attention of the overworked, uptight father.<br />The Oscar for Julie Andrews as best actress was well deserved. Her prudish, sugary image as the \\"practically perfect\\" nanny could not have been if not for Mary Poppins. The musical, for this is a musical (which unfortunately never became a Broadway musical) contains lots of upbeat and memorable songs, tinged at times with a melancholy sentiment- \\"Feed the Birds\\" and \\"Chim-Chimeney\\" the latter which won Best Song, \\"A Spoonful of Sugar\\" and the hilarious \\"Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious\\".<BR>A family-oriented film, but suited for child-at-heart adults and musical lovers, this film is perfect entertainment for everyone.
B00008H2LE|5.0|I have been looking forward to this CD for quite some time!  It was definitely worth the wait.  Every song on the album rocks...you will not be disappointed!  Check out the Bonus DVD too!
B00008H2LB|4.0|When I picked up this disc and popped it in my player, I expected it to pick up where Hybrid theory left off, with simple four chord melodies and mesmerising dual vocal assaults, backed by complex beats and digitally enhanced extras.  I was half right.  Meteora takes a step in a slightly different direction, with choppy guitar riffs and different time signatures.  This album also sees Chester step out more as the lead vocalist.  Two of my personal favorites, &quot;Don't Stay&quot; and &quot;Easier to Run,&quot; showcase his talent and shows his ability to sing without rapping intermissions.  &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; and &quot;Faint&quot; are very different in a weird way, but if you're a diehard LP fan, you'll keep listening.  My favorite song on this disc is &quot;Numb,&quot; which sounds a lot like &quot;Crawling&quot; from Hybrid Theory.  Check this disc out, it definetly has some of the old LP, along with the new and evolving LP.
0060278269|5.0|This is a wonderful book that draws you in from the very first words. It is about a young woman named Lirael, not sure about her place in life, until she found her nephew Prince Sameth and she became the Abhorsen-in-Waiting, Prince Sameth inheriting the power of the Wallmakers. Sameth and Lirael, accompanied by the Disreputable Dog and the Free Magic being in the shape of a cat ,Mogget,then set out to travel and save Sam's friend, Nick, who has unconsciously gottten himself mised up in the mess happening near the Red Lake. The necromancer Hedge ,accompanied by Chlorr of the Mask and several thousand Dead Hands, are digging up the silver hemispheres which hold the Ninth Bright Shiner, Orannis, prisoner. Lirael and her companions must get across the Wall to Nick 's LIghting Farm in time to stop the joining of the hemispheres which could mean the end of all life. Sam and Lirael face many difficulties on their way to Edge and even into Ancelstierre. But their strength as Charter Mages helps them along the way, along with the Dog and Mogget.The true identities of the Dog and Mogget are revealed along with several other shocking revelations.  This book is fast paced and action packed. I would reccomend this book to everyone. It even leaves a little room at the end for your imagination, or possibly another book.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I really like this CD and I'd recommend it to anyone.  This reminds me a lot of Hybrid Theory.  If you liked that CD, I think you'll like this one.  Its definately been worth the wait.  This album picks up right where the left off before they did their Remix CD.  Go out and buy this CD now!
B00008H2LE|5.0|this album is too good to write a long review about.--if you like linkin park, BUY IT. it is a VERY, VERY good album, one of the best ever made in my opinion.<br />simple as that.
B00000637V|5.0|This cd is &quot;wonderfully depressing&quot;.  Lou reed has made the ugly appear beautiful.  This is incredibly diffucult to do and that is why I give this album 5 out of 5 stars.<br />This is his best work.  Nothing will ever top this album. I don't recommend that anyone who feels suicidal listen to this album.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Anyone who is a fan of Linkin Park definitely has to go pick up this CD.  Though a departure from Hybrid Theory it still retains much of the signature sounds that have come to make up the band Linkin Park.  Anyone who liked Reanimation will definitely enjoy this CD because it blends both Hybrid Theory and Reanimation together to form a cohesive mixture of new sounds flooded with experimentation.  This experimentation comes in the form of using an orchestra and new sound bites.  The special edition with the DVD extra on the Making of Meteora is also very informative and fun to watch for any die hard Linkin Park fan.  Therefore, if you have liked any of the music from this band in the past this album is a definite growth musically but can be enjoyed by any fan...even someone who has never heard from them before or is experiencing them for the first time...so go get Meteora!
0316666343|1.0|Please don't waste your time on this un-original sensationalistic novel.  Unless you were enthralled with the OJ trial, it will not interest you.  Borrowing special effects from several movies (b-movies), it has nothing uplifting to say about the human condition.  I only completed it, because I was expecting something to redeem it.  Alas, I was disappointed again.  Since it was a best seller, I can only equate the interest to the OJ spectacle.....
B00003CXXJ|1.0|Well, <BR>From all the review we have here, i thought the movie is pretty overrated. Its not that great. Toy Story is way better. Even bugs life is better (graphics and story line). The story line is pretty weak here.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Meteora is the best display of music I have heard in a while. Linkin Park has outdone themselves in this album, pushing themselves to the higest level of perfection that they could achieve. This album in no way compares to Hybrid Theory. The beats, the scratching, the guitars, and most of all, the vocals are in tip top perfection that only Linkin Park could produce. This is the best album out there on the market today and may make a run for a grammy in the year to come. Keep rockin' Linkin.
B00006LLNU|4.0|Okay, I bought this almbum cause I liked the DVD I own called 'Vanilla Sky'. I bought the soundtrack as I was interested in getting the final song on the movie played by Sigur Ros. 'The Nothing Song'. It was not on the soundtrack of the movie as It was not officially released then. I had to wait about a year until this album came out. What bothered me is, most of the CD is way to depressing for me to listen to, I mean, track 7 is quite good for my personality, but you really have to listen to it as it is a bit different from the other albums these guys have out. I think it is fairly good if you like haunting sounds, but this just seems a bit gimmicky to me, like they are trying to package it as &quot;Beautiful and Haunting&quot; when I don not think the band put in as much of the good stuff as in their other work. But check this CD out, you may like it...
B000002H97|5.0|The first metallica song i ever heard was Enter Sandman off of this album. It got me hooked on metallica and i think thi would be a great album for anyone who wants to get into metallica. Its a kind of middle of the road album between their earlier stuff and Load and Reload.<br />Enter Sandman - A+<BR>Sad But True - A-<BR>Holier Than Thou - B+<BR>The Unforgiven - A+<BR>Wherever I May Roam - A<BR>Don't Tread On Me - A-<BR>Through The Never - B<BR>Nothing Else Matters - A+<BR>Of Wolf And Man - A-<BR>The God That Failed - B+<BR>My Friend Of Misery - B<BR>THe Struggle Within - B+
B00004Z400|5.0|This is an excellent album. The Deftones use their ecclectic sound to its fullest on this album. Not one song on White Pony isn't good. But, I'd have to say that my favorites are &quot;Digital Bath&quot; and &quot;Knife Party&quot;. In both songs, the Deftones show their softer side, with acoustic guitars and more use of electronic sounds. The lyrics are as smart and poetic as ever, and the music is still brutal. Don't pass up this album. If you like the older material by Deftones, especially Around the Fur, check out White Pony.
0151008116|4.0|Yann Martel takes the reader on a journey from innocence to experience symbolised by William Blake's &quot;The Little Black Boy&quot; from Songs of Innocence and &quot;Tyger&quot; from Songs of Experience.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Alright I got the album today.  Listened to it.  I must say it's pretty different than their old style.  At first it sounds almost like they've calmed down but the album builds up all the way through.  All the songs are good, but they don't have that same old Linkin Park feel that you got from Hybrid Theory.  Right around song 7 (Faint) is where the CD starts getting really good in my opinion.  Before that the songs are a bit more mellow.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Today (the release date of Meteora) was known in my circle, and even to some who were out of the loop, as METEORA DAY-and for very good reason. This is an awesome cd. From the ripping Hybrid Theory album, to the provoking Reanimation, Linkin Park has displayed their incredible talent in musical composition, track layout and flow, and intermixing of the rock element and the rap/hiphop element. Let's go step by step:<br />1--Foreword: It's just 13 seconds of noises to kick off the next song (don't skip it though, it isn't that stupid). They separated it from the next track so that you won't get the stupid Pink Floyd-Dark Side of the Moon effect. what a [bad] album-i dont care who says it was groundbreaking-it was boring and quiet and didn't do anything that hadn't been done before. I would give DSOTM a 2/10, but this track is a lot cooler with the breaking glass sound that actually ties in: 10/10<br />2--Don't Stay: A really pounding song with Chester at his best. this definitely brings linkin park back to the rockers who drifted away at the realease of Reanimation, but it's only a moodsetter for the album and the next song. 9/10<br />3--Somewhere I Belong: This is the hit that took Mtv by storm. It soars with expert sampling, Mike's hard-driven lyrics, and Chester's heartfelt backup. If you liked Crawling, don't miss this. 10/10<br />4--Lying From You: Hard guitar, beautifully coordinated sampling and a performance from Mike and Chester that has become tradition of excellence in LP. Nothing to make me dislike it. 9/10<br />5--Hit The Floor: A somewhat smoothe song with a great beat, although a tad predictable. Mike does most of the singing, while Chester screams away. But the emotion doesn't really pick up enough after the first chorus like they usually do... 7/10<br />6--Easier To Run: This gets right back to the classic Linkin Park though, so it balances out the last one. Beautiful lyrics. 9/10<br />7--Faint: This drives home a great drumbeat that gets you pumpin.When Mike and Chester trade parts it's a lot better than #5. 9/10<br />8--Figure.09: Creative, but a bit disappointing. It's not up to par. 6/10<br />9--Breaking The Habit: If somehow your mind wandered off during the last couple tracks, this'll bring it right back with its iron-wrought lyrics. 10/10<br />10--From The Inside: If you saw it on $2 bill, you recognize it immediately. Starts off very well. 10/10<br />11--Nobody's Listening: Begins with some Bruce Lee kung fu wood-winds. Add a pounding beat and intimidating performance by Mike and this isn't a bad song. This is kinda weird but it's a big part of the album, diversifying it enough to be embraced by those who respect Linkin Park's artistic realism. 8/10<br />12--Session: Kind of like the one on hybrid theory, it's all instrumental. Listen in headphones to catch the turntable better. 9/10<br />13--Numb: Not Dumb. Last song, like By myself on Reanimation. It's quieter and has Chester singing and Mike filling in the gaps. It's not to be underspoken, this is great. \\"Every second I waste is more than I can take..\\" 9/10<br />That's all of 'em. If you still aren't convinced that Meteora is worth buying right now, just wait til everyone else has the cd (which has bonus materials that you can't get by ripping off the cd)... Then you'll know that more people like Linkin Park than you realise. ...
B00007AJGH|5.0|.... I'm just drawn that way,&quot; warns Jessica Rabbit to a rather excited Eddie Valiant in the landmark movie, &quot;Who Framed Roger Rabbit&quot;. And trust me, there is nothing bad in the newest and most complete DVD release of this film.<br />This film still remains a classic, and retains the highbar status of melting live-action with animination. Bob Hoskins plays Eddie, a down on his luck private eye, assigned by R. K. Maroon to do some undercover work. His findings set in motion the wonderfully creative story. Part film noir, part hysterical comedy, part magic, this film blends so many elements together to produce an incredible product.<br />The DVD release is also pure magic. Finally, for fans and newbies alike, this DVD treats the film with the respect it deserves. The two disk set gives you a wealth of information on the film, from its making to deleted scenes, to commentaries. It's amazing just to watch the film, but to learn about how this film was made will astonish you. I particularly enjoyed the &quot;deleted scene&quot;, which in reality is a series of scenes cut out that were hysterical.  Little gems like this really make for a great buy.<br />Back to the film, everytime I watch this movie, and perhaps this happens to you, you FORGET that Roger, Jessica, and many other characters, are animated. It's in that suspension of belief that lies the reality of it all. The filmmakers were successful in their goals of doing that. No, they were more than successful, they were the magicians. Who Framed Roger Rabbit will stand as a testament to the art of filmmaking at its finest.<br />If you are a DVD collector, you must click the button to the right and order this gem immediately!
B00008H2LB|3.0|For the kids who want to buy a cool CD and show it to their friends and prove that they can bust out Mike Shinoda's rap and belt out Chester Bennington's melodies....this is the CD! But do not expect any significant changes from their riff,melody, rap and scratch formula which helped 'em out for Hybrid. <BR>    Its filled with 3-minute songs (the album is only 37-minutes short) which won't be a problem for the band to pick a single that will boost their sales. this is my rundown:<br />The Good: Those who love the obvious Linkin Park trademark sound, they won't be disappointed. They experimented a tiny bit with new sounds(drum n bass beats, more tasteful samples, flute).<br />The Bad: 37 minutes is way too short for a 'rock' album. There were opportunites for them to expand their arrangements, but chose to play it safe.<BR>    <BR>    In all, fair play to them for putting out a decent CD that would live up to Hybrid Theory. But personally, this CD was too obvious and i can't see me listening to this to often in the near future.It wasn't bad, but it wasn't groundbreaking either! It doesn't have 'staying power' and i thought this was their chance to show that Linkin Park had other colours..and i guess, they don't...and thus, they face the uphill battle of trying to survive in this genre and reinvent themselves in their next effort.
B00006IU73|5.0|I havent been a life long fan like some, but I have developed an incredible adoration for this band and it's profound degree of musicianship, originality, and brilliance.  I now own the \\"Stars die\\" collection(a good way to get into Porcupine Tree) \\"Stupid Dream\\", \\"Lightbulb Sun\\", and \\"Recordings\\".  Each album is pure quality.  More to the point, In roughly 3-6 years I have not encountered an album as moving as \\"In Absentia\\".  It has all the elements of anything I want from a band.  The only albums that have come close are VAST's self title debut and Tool's \\"AEnima\\".  The most remarkable thing about this album however is the fact that Porcupine Tree have learned how to rattle their quills.  The vocals (harmonies and all) are still as touching as ever, the lyrics are as vivid and varied as in previous album, but this time the band(not to sound corny, sorry) rocks.  They shamelessly/effortlessly mingle aggressive instrumentals with their more mellow, prog and psychadelic tunes.  Some of the songs even start as very melodic and serene and then churn into raging instrumental breakdown as in \\"Gravity Eyelids\\", one of the albums highlight moments.  Other jewels on the album are \\"Blackest Eyes\\", with it's snarling NIN guitar pre-verse, and very pop sensical chorus, the lyrics are genius as well.  \\"Trains\\" harkens to Stupid Dream's \\"Evenless\\", perhaps a little more glossy and a higher tempo.   \\"The Sound of Musak\\" is evidence that a catchy song structure doesnt necessitate a simple message.  My personal favorite track on the album would have to be the darkly tinged \\"Strip the Soul\\" the guitar solo has an errie and angry feel to it as it backed by the drone of bass and keyboard.  I highly recommend this album to anyone who is a fan of rock music in general or has leanings toward progressive, hard rock, goth, metal(not so much death metal i guess).  If you like Nine Inch Nails, Tool, A Perfect Circle, Vast, or any band that bears similarities to these bands you should give Porcupine Tree a shot.
B000088E6D|1.0|My name is Ira Evans, and I have heard just about every singer in this standard style. There is another crooner who just signed to one of the majors named Brian Evans (no relation), and Michael Buble can't touch the guy.<br />This album by Buble is mediocre, as best. They have taken the concept of a new crooner, without making him new. Why would I buy this guy singing \\"Come Fly With Me\\" when I could buy Frank Sinatra singing it better than anyone ever could.<br />The production is tacky, at best. Lame female background vocals, and just not worth the dime.<br />I see positive after positive review, and just why is that? You have a bunch of major label promoters whose job depends on making a new artist fly, and this one should fly...<br />Away.
B00008BRB5|4.0|Thirty years later, Synchronicity still holds up as a high-water mark in the world of pop-rock.  Though not my fave Police album (that honor would go to Zenyatta Mondatta), I have many fond memories of June of '83...I had just finished 6th grade, summer vacation was beginning, and Synchronicity would not leave my turntable.  <br />We all know the hits...\\"Every Breath You Take\\", \\"King of Pain\\", \\"Wrapped Around Your Finger\\" and \\"Synchronicity II\\"...and also the great album tracks like \\"O My God\\" and \\"Tea in the Sahara\\".  But I see a lot of people on this site talking smack about \\"Mother\\".  Sure, it's, um...\\"not conventional.\\"  Yeah, it's in an \\"odd time signature.\\"  No, Andy Summers doesn't exactly have a \\"golden throat.\\"  But for me, the song works.  In fact, it ought to work for anyone whose mom has ever driven him/her nutso.  We are made to feel the effects of Andy's smothering mother through the over-the-top performance.  Besides, my mom HATED the song, so that was understandably good enough for me. <br />My one gripe about this new CD reissue (and ones that have come before) is that it keeps \\"Murder By Numbers\\" as the final track.  Those of us old enough to know what a turntable is remember that \\"Murder\\" was NOT a part of the original LP.  By tacking it onto the end of the CD, the desolate, reflective mood created by \\"Tea in the Sahara\\" is ruined.  \\"Murder by Numbers\\", originally the B-side of \\"Every Breath You Take\\" and a great track in its own right, clearly does not fit the mood of Synchronicity.  <br />Otherwise, this new 2003 reissue is great, with big, punchy sound.  A vast improvement over disc 4 of Message in a Box.
B00005JLEU|5.0|There is no way to get more perfect than this animation is, period. Animation is astonishing and the story is superb. I'm sorry for those who are satisfied with the \\"daa-daa\\" from Disney, I like it too, but this is one trend that should be followed. It's not to scary, it's less violent that \\"Lilo & Stitch\\". There is some blood, but everybody bleed when they get hurt, it's natural, people should get used to it, not scared of. And what a fantasy! I never seen anything so good since... EVER! It's true that US dubbing is the worst in the World. But with this DVD I'll be able to watch it in raw japanese with english subtitles! I can't wait to get it! You shouldn't too!!!<BR>This movie is suitable for all ages, it's just beautiful. Don't take any annoying paranoic parent advice. Be free and let your children watch this awesome film knowing that the values transmitted by it are just the best.
B00008H2LB|5.0|this cd is by far one of the best cd's i've ever heard <BR>it is extremely solid in every aspect i bought it like an hour ago and have already listened to it all the way through twice <BR>Foreword is a lil 10 second intro that blends perfectly with the second song Don't Stay wich is a heavy song but with perfect rythm and is a nice set up for the first single off the album Somewhere I Belong which is an incredible song and after that it is another beautiful mix of rythm and metal Lying From You then it's Hit The Floor which has an awesome beginning riff which then leads to a metal beat with an incredible lyrical beat then it's Easier To Run wich is sort of a hybrid between in the end and crawling after that it's Faint wich starts out with a killer beat then it turns metal and it has an awesome rythm after that is Figure.09 which is a good song it continues the flow with a great mix of riffs and rythm and then is this albums in the end Breaking The Habit it's got a good beat and it displays chesters amazing vocal ability and it then leads the way for From The Inside which has the same kind of feeling as Easier To Run and then Nobody's Listening has a wicked beat and rap by shinoda and hahn it has dj jo hahn bustin a kick butt beat behind a cool indian vibe it is a great song and then Session is an amazing flow by dj hahn again it is like the meteora version of cure for the itch and the last song on the album Numb is a great closer but in my opinion Nobody's Listening is a better song to close with cuz it's more rap while Numb is heavy but the over all theme i've noticed with the album is the fact that it beautifully mixes riffs rhymes and rythm it is awesome i definitely recommend this album and the price isn't bad either i got it for 10 dollars at wal-mart plus the enhanced version comes with a cool booklet with some cool pictures and explanations of the songs and lyrics and stuff.
B00005JKG7|3.0|Pursuing revenge for what happened 100 years ago, ghost sailors terrorize a coastal town. Movie's group of heroes tries to survive the fog and unlock the mystery.<br />Just like other Carpenter movies this one has an original story line, creative ideas and some nicely designed shots. The lighthouse, ghost pirates in the shadows and the fog itself are the highlights of some of these scenes. <BR>  <BR>Unfortunately the movie suffers from an uneven narrative which hampers the suspense and the continuity of the story. Carpenter has a tendency to spend too much time on visuals and not paying enough attention to the story and it surfaces in The Fog too. Special effects also look outdated and inadvertently kill the mood. DVD comes with some nice extras which are worthwhile to watch.<br />In short, this is mostly for the fans of the director and not one of Carpenter's best efforts. Halloween, The Thing or Prince of Darkness offers three times the suspense and scares than this one...
6304082428|5.0|Alright, so I'm a junior in high school, and we had to read Pride and Prejudice for class. And, oh my gosh, it's just sooo good! The book was EXCELLENT, and the movie was great as well. I'm a romance fan, but people I never thought would go for that kind of thing absolutely loved it too! I must say that I don't know of any guy that really appreciated it, but every girl that I talked to was totally in love with it by the end. We all ended up falling in love with Mr.Darcy!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Overall, this is a great album for Linkin Park. It would depend on whom you talk to as to determine if it is better than Hybrid Theory. I hope that this review will help you to decide on that. This album deserves the five stars I gave it, because the flaws are only minor. Anyone can nitpick on the small flaws, but the good from this album defiantly outweighs the flaws ten-thousand to one.<br />The guitar has a much better presence now, as compared to Hybrid Theory. The DJing is integrated into the songs more so than on Hybrid Theory. On Hybrid Theory, the songs were heavily based on the sampling that Mr. Hahn. Now, Meteora bases all of the songs off what Brad is capable of on guitar. The only &quot;downside&quot; is that there is not really too much bass guitar, which is not necessarily bad. Some of the songs would have benefited from a bigger bass presence, though. I read the book, and Phoenix had a good amount of influence on most of the songs, which puzzles me to why there was not much of a bass presence. The drums brought forth by Rob were not what you would expect from a veteran band, but Linkin Park is only at their sophomore album. The drums do not take away from the music, and they do keep the rhythm like their supposed to. The album has a more mature feel to it than Hybrid Theory.<br />Chester really shows off his voice on this album, especially on 'Lying From You.' Mike does not just throw in a rap in every now and then, he actually sings and integrates into the songs a lot better now. The lyrics are more optimistic than the lyrics from Hybrid Theory, which also points to more maturity. The harder feel to this album makes it worth picking up. The casual Linkin Park fan may want to wait for a couple singles before they decide on this album, but it is necessity for anyone who likes Linkin Park and other rock bands with a similar style.
0440180295|5.0|Without doubt one of the finest books I have ever read.  All Sci-Fi books should be like this.<BR>The book operates on number of levels.<BR>The Story of Billy Pilgrim and the 4 dimensional beings who have abducted him.<BR>The almost heart rending account of Vonnegut's own experinces during the Bombing of Dresden where he was prisoner of war.<BR>And by giving an idea what it would be like to see time as an additional dimension.  That the future and past are just places where one can visit but not change.  So - without giving away the plot - when the man is shot for picking up the teapot.  It comes as no suprise it has always happened and always will happen.<br />So it goes.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park's second album Meteora was well worth the wait! I read Blender's review and don't listen to them. This is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time.  I absolutely love Hybrid Theory and this sophomore album puts it to shame. There is not one filler track on the whole album. It is an unbelievable record. Mike and Chester make you feel their pain when they sing and I'm sure all of us can relate to what they sing about. I dont have one favorite track because they are all just that good!! This is an absolute must have!! If haven't already gotten it, go get it! You won't be sorry. I know it won't be leaving my CD player anytime soon!
B000063V8U|5.0|By the sixth season of Star Trek: TNG, the characters had gone through many changes- and the writers, through many ideas. I thought that season six would contain the decline of the quality of the episodes, and that new, unique ideas would be thrown to the wayside as writers focused their efforts on Deep Space Nine. Instead, Star Trek: TNG managed to continue being one of the best shows on television, largely due to the excellent performances of Patrick Stewart. <br />\\"Chain of Command, Parts 1 and 2\\" contain what I consider to be some of the best acting from Stewart ever. Picard is tortured for days by the Cardassians, and Stewart plays the role of the victim perfectly. Not only did Part 2 contain some of his finest performances, but it actually managed to convey a message as well. It focuses mainly upon the roles of the characters. The Cardassian who tortures Picard and tries to break his will is left himself a broken man at the end of the episode, while Picard attains true victory by never giving in. An entertaining, powerful episode. <br />However, this was only one of the many amazing episodes that season six showcased. \\"Relics\\", which featured the return of Scotty from the original Trek, was great. \\"Schisms\\" put an eerie but interesting spin on the whole \\"alien invaders from another dimension\\" idea. \\"Tapestry\\" was another episode that made use of Stewart's amazing ability as an actor. John de Lancie guest starred as \\"Q\\" in that episode, and forced Picard to relive events in his life. \\"Face of the Enemy\\" finally gave the Romulans some action again after being shadowed by the Borg and the Cardassians. \\"Starship Mine\\" was probably the most \\"action-packed\\" episode of the season, and \\"Timescape\\" was another interesting episode involving being stuck in a moment in time. Finally, \\"Descent, Part 1\\" lacked the bang of most season finales, but wasn't all bad - after all, it did involve the Borg.<br />Overall, season six had episodes that really shined, despite suspicionsthat it might not.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Meteora sounds an awful lot like Hybrid Theory, and that's a beautiful thing.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Linkin Park have come back with a vengeance with their latest album Meteora. It follows the same formula as Hybrid Theory and is a great addition to any LP fan's collection. Standout tracks include the 1st single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, &quot;Easier To Run&quot;, From The Inside&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Numb&quot;. &quot;Numb&quot; is so elegantly presented...and is an excellent closing track. I would have to say that I was impressed with this release and I would recommend anyone to check it out. Oh, and the DVD included with the album is very cool and shows what went into creating this work of genius. Check it out!
B000001DTM|5.0|When you have a song as beautiful and moving as \\"One\\" on your album, it's hard to imagine you could go wrong.<br />And they didn't. At the crossroads of their amazing career, U2 made a choice to leave behind their straight-forward 80's rock sound and go where many other bands would be afraid to go.<br />The Dublin natives basically threw the rules out the window on Achtung Baby exploring new sonic soundscapes, edgier lyrics, and a variety of interesting song structures. Most bands end up going too far when they do this (Radiohead's Kid A would be an example) and end up losing some of their audience.  But U2 somehow were able to not only challenge their audience, but please them at the same time.  This was mainly due to the fact that the band never lost their pop sense... actually they improved upon that as well.  <br />\\"Mysterious Ways\\" is one of the sexiest pop-rock songs ever recorded with The Edge's seemingly accidental guitar riff leading into a cool bass groove with Bono crooning over top. The percussion also stands out with a comprable use of bongos. You know you have great production when you can pick apart each instrument and say, wow - that sounds great! Even if you don't care for the music, everyone should own a copy of this album to learn about music production because Eno and Lanois are at the top of their game here. <br />And again, \\"One\\" - I can't say it enough. This is the best song to be written since John Lennon's \\"Imagine\\". The album is worth the money just for this song.<br />Since Achtung Baby, it seems U2 has become comfortable with their sound and haven't really attempted to make an album as ground-breaking. I hope they do someday.
0553260111|4.0|This book was great...after reading the book after I watched the movie, I relized that the book was better.  Although I liked the movie and purchased it, I felt that the book had enough detail to keep you reading as if you were watching the movie.  The book was great and I will most likely read it again, if you liked the movie I highly recommend this book, and even if you have read the book I recommend that you watch the movie, it was great too..
B00006FR47|4.0|ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE CHICAGO ALBUMS. ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
B00005JLK1|4.0|I saw this in the theater and was fairly entertained.  For a horror movie, the acting was pretty good.  The set pieces were excellent.  It wasn't very scary however.  But then again, I didn't think &quot;The Ring&quot; was particularly scary either.
B00005JLSE|5.0|Roxie Hart (Renee Zelleweger), dreaming of being a Jazz Lounge singer like Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones), kills the man she's having an affair with when he crushes those dreams. Off to prison she goes, where she learns about \\"Reciprocity\\" w/ Mama Morton (FABULOUSLY played by Queen Latifah- I think she almost stole the whole show) and about how the \\"6 Merry Muderesses\\" came to Cook County in a wonderful rendition of \\"The Cell Block Tango\\".<br />Where's the guy? Lawyer Billy Flynn (Richard Gere) who Roxie imagines as only caring about \\"Love\\" but who really is a fast talking con artist with a law degree who can convince the press of anything (\\"They Both Reached for the Gun\\") and \\"Razzle Dazzle\\"'s the Audience- er Jury and Tap Dances around a \\"tricky\\" witness. Yes, Richard Gere taps and it's wonderful.<br />Don't forget to see \\"Mr. Cellophane\\"- The number done by Roxie's husband Amos; Velma's \\"Act of Desperation\\"; but of course the name on everyone's lips is going to be \\"Roxie\\".<br />It got sex and humor- isn't that all that anyone cares about in movies these days?  But, it really has so much more.  It's brining back the musical!  For people who liked Mulan Rouge- just remember that shows like Chicago have been on stage a long time.  Putting them on the screen is NOT an (as one review said) \\"imitation\\" of Mulan Rouge.  Chicago is fabulous.  If you're \\"wary\\" about it because it's a musical, rent it or watch it with someone who IS a musical person first, but I promise you'll want it when you see it.<br />And, as Billy Flynn says, \\"That's Chicago.\\"
B00008H2LB|5.0|The cd meterora brings the same effect feel and hardness of the first two and has a new vibe, like reanimation. nlike the other two meteroara has a slight more melodic, and smooth feel, even a few tracks more hip hop than usual for a refreshing sound. Linkin park is now one of the most unique and best bands of the late 90s early 2000s, up there with korn.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Not only as good as the first album but even harder and more intense.
0380789035|5.0|This was my 3rd Gaiman book.  At 461 pages (I read the hardcover version), it was long.  Fortunately, I like long books if they are interesting, and this one was. I've been a fan of the old mythological tales since I was around five years old.  The idea of the gods having actually existed is not new.  Many people already believe that the mythological gods are based on people (not supernatural beings) who actually lived.  There are so many different versions of the birth of the world, for example.  There are stories about a messiah in various religious ideologies worldwide.  Or the All-Father, whether you call him Jehovah, Allah, or Odin.  But even if there are similarities in these tales does it lessen the impact for believers?  No, we still have faith in our gods.  Thanks, Mr. Gaiman, for including 'gods' from the African diaspora, Anansi and the Queen of Sheba.  Though I could never think of her as half-demon. Previous reviewers have adequately described the plot and the characters.  I'd like to comment on this writer's ability to paint a vivid picture in the reader's mind.  And to evoke myriad emotions in the reader, as well.  I read the book over the course of a week.  Each day, I looked forward to returning to it. The main character, Shadow, was a hero to the core, in my opinion.  Though he was presented with many opportunities to go the wrong way, he invariably tried to do the right thing.  He's like many of us: We are tossed about on the sea of life, and we survive, sometimes, by the skin of our teeth but we persevere anyway.  I liked Shadow a lot.<br />Well, who can recommend another Gaiman book for me to read?  So far, I've read Neverwhere, Stardust and this title.  I gave all of them five stars.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I've been an LP fan for a long time, and i've awaited this album w/little patience like most LP fans have. And, when i picked it up and put it on in my car, i was impressed...somewhat. It's definitly the same formula as their first cd, so, not much there has changed. Unfortunatly, i honestly thought their first cd was better. Maybe it's because it had catchier songs. I'm not sure. I definitly recommend picking up this cd, but, don't be disappointed when it's not as good as the old one. I'm still very happy w/it. Rock on LP, rock on.
B00005JKN9|5.0|While it's no Gods and Generals, Gangs of New York is certainly one of the longer films of recent years, rivaling Pearl Harbor and Titanic.  Fortunately, the three hours are over before you know it.  The action-packed fight scenes and suspenseful drama will keep you on the edge of your seat. <br />The acting is top notch.  Cameron Diaz and Leonardo DiCaprio are good in their roles, but the show belongs to Daniel Day Lewis, who portrays Bill the Butcher with bone chilling creepiness.  The parts seems to have been written for him, and he was completely robbed of an Oscar at the 75th annual academy awards.  The supporting cast is top-notch as well, with Brendan Gleeson and John C. Reilly finally getting the exposure they deserve.  <br />The story revolves around the ongoing war between the so called gangs of New York.  The natives, which the Butcher rules with an iron fist, are seeking complete control of the burroughs, refusing to share their land with those entering the country from Europe.  The immigrants, led by Irish-born Leonardo DiCaprio, simply want a place to call home.  DiCaprio's character has his own agenda with the Bill, as he watched his father (Liam Neison, in a superb cameo) die in a battle with the infamous Butcher.<br />Scorcessi and his crew of cinematographers have done a fantastic job re-creating 1860's New York.  Every detail, down to the cobblestone walkways, is appropriately in place.  The costumes are also impressive, especially since the film contains hundreds of extras, all donning period outfits.<br />All and all, Gangs of New York is a film well worth your time and money.   Rarely does a film succeed on so many levels.
6303443214|4.0|The characters in \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" are a bit overplayed, but the lives and the world portrayed by them are dark, beautiful, and enticing. The characters are quite charismatic and memorable, from the supremely evil Lestat (Tom Cruise), to the melancholy foil of Lestat, Louis (Brad Pitt), a two-hundred year old vampire torn by guilt and remorse. Perhaps the most charismatic and best portrayed character, was Claudia (Kirsten Dunst). She was \\"born into darkness\\" at eight years of age, fed on by Louis and turned to darkness by Lestat. Beautiful, dark, intelligent, and sophisticated, Claudia feels none of the regret that Louis does. Indeed, her blood lust is equal to or greater than Lestat's. The lives led by vampires are highly romanticized in \\"Interview...\\" They are enticing, their world unbelievably intriguing, yet they are children of darkness, knowing no light, no release from their eternal lonliness, except when they kill. This perhaps, is the ultimate irony. Though not terribly subtle or complex, this movie was extremely well done, and I would recommend it to anyone with a taste for gothic romance or vampire movies.
0812550706|5.0|As a high school English teacher, I am constantly looking for books that will entice young readers.  Enders Game, by Orson Scott Card, does that and much more!<br />Set in the science fiction future, with most of the action occurring at a governmental Battle School in space, Enders Game centers on a small boy named Ender Wiggin.  Six-year-old Ender is plucked from his earthly home when he is selected to be trained by the government as a battle commander in the anticipated 3rd invasion of the alien buggers.  This time it is all or nothing.  If the aliens prevail, the human race will be extinguished and earth will be destroyed.  An exemplary six-year-old who thinks and reasons far beyond his years, Ender is considered earths last real hope.  This story follows Ender through his training and unusual young life.  Card masterfully details and describes the futuristic settings and battles, as well as Enders personal conflict between his genetic killer instinct and his emotional desire not to hurt, maim, or kill.<br />I think Enders Game is a well-written and engaging book.  It is easy to get into and has wonderful descriptions and details!  I recommend this stay-up-late-since-you-MUST-know-what-happens book often to my students, and I would recommend it to any adult, as well!
B00008H2LB|3.0|At only 36 minutes in length, it's easy to make several passes thru Meteora, in an attempt to provide an objective review. But my subjective side still longs for more as the last track fades, no matter how many trips I've made. I think that will be a familiar refrain.<br />The evolution of LP is coming in baby steps. Interesting sounds are there to be found, but repetitive sounds are even more prominent. Brad Delson's single guitar strums are almost desperately too simple. Those \\"Pantera riffs\\" that were hyped are just that. A second axeman (yes, a 7th band member) may be a necessary addition, to get some blood flowing in this band. Speaking of anemic, Mike Shinoda's raps are about as white as they come, with only two or three vocal rhythms to draw upon. Sometimes you'll ignore them, sometimes you'll yawn, sometimes you'll roll your eyes... you probably won't feel like playing the disc with the guys around.<br />Yes, they're still kids, and for kids, they're damn good, but I long for what's next. Hit the Floor, Nobody's Listening, and Breaking the Habit are the only tracks to break the redundancy... yet they are worth the purchase price.<br />LP fans, there's nothing that should hold you back from clicking the 'Buy' button, but I think you'll also find yourself clicking the 'Play' button again and again, looking for more. Maybe you'll find it in the subtleties not yet revealed to my ears.<br />Regardless, the party surrounding this album and summer tour should be fun... maybe the whole Meteora experience is the goal of this sextet. Included with the cd is a huge booklet, lots of multimedia features, bonus dvd's for a limited time, and I'm sure they'll be covering the airwaves all spring long. Hopefully there will be enough paint to cover the cracks.<br />I'm still not sure what to think. This band, as musicmakers, might have long term staying ability... then again, they might not.
0380778556|4.0|I read this book sophomore for a book report and enjoyed it thoroughly.  It was difficult to get started, but once I was into the story, I couldn't put it down. At the end of every chapter, it left me wanting to read just one more.  It was suspensful as well as romantic and exciting.  I would recommend this book to anyone and I want to read it again in the near future.  While doing a report on the author in English class this year, it has given me a new appreciation behind the story's plot and into the author's mind.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Yes, i don't own this but i borrow this alot from my sister. Eminem is one of only four rappers i like. Eminem is one of the most well known rappers today, and behinde his swearing and vulgarness he is really talented. The good thing about eminem is that his songs aren't forgettable, and he grabs my attention. This is my favourite eminem album because its his darkest, sadest, and most mature album in my opinion. My favourite tracks are KILL YOU because it has a nice beat and he has excellent angry lyrics. I also like STAN which shows his true talent as a song writer. I also like THE WAY I AM which also has angry lyrics. The main reason why i like him is because of his lyrics. Another song i like is CRIMINAL which is less dark and more bouncy with a catchy tune. The songs i don't like are THE REAL SLIM SHADY because it was overplayed and still is played alot, and the lyrics are bad. Another song i don't like is REMEMBER ME which features a guy called REX and STICKY FINGAZ. Overall i think its a great album. The main reason why i like him is because i can relate to some of his songs and i love his lyrics, and his voice can be annoying at times but its mostly good. This is a great album to get though its not for the faint hearted. It has very depressing lyrics. The most depressing song would have to be KIM which is mainly a song with just eminem screaming and yelling at kim(wife) about how she slept with another man or something. The song is great but its mainly just yelling to music. Lyricswise this also is my favourite eminem album. I much prefer metal, so please note that if i like this, than it must be very good. So for the lyrics 5+ stars and for the music 4 stars. The key tracks on this album are STAN, THE WAY I AM, and THE REAL SLIM SHADY. All i all great album, a must get if you like rap. THANK YOU FOR READING.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park's...CD (Meteora)... is absolutly amazing.  It sounds a little different then Hybrid Theory, not better or worse, just different.  Chester does a little more yelling and there is greater variety in the songs;  one only being 13 seconds long and one other without lyrics.  Overall, I think that the sales and quality from this CD will rival the first.  Buying the bonus DVD for...is a great add-on and I absolutly recomend it.  Some of the things on it are from LPTV but there is plenty of new stuff.  It shows how they came up with the title of the CD, the picture on the cover and many other aspects of the overall process.  I love the CD and highly recomend it to anyone who likes load, creative music with strong lyrics and an awesome beat to all the songs.
B00005YW4H|2.0|&quot;Don't Know Why&quot; is very good, but none of the rest of the songs are memorable, and all blend together.  She has a great voice but the material is dull.  A big disappointment
B00005QAPH|5.0|Criterion has done it again with a fantastic edition of this classic Italian film. They have packed this 2-DVD set with an incredible amount of supplemental material AND a stunning transfer of the film -- it has never looked this amazing. No specks of dirt or scratches, no print fade... incredible. This was the way 8 1/2 was meant to be seen. Now when are the folks at Criterion going to get to LA DOLCE VITA?
B00008H2LB|5.0|THE SONGS ARE GREAT! WORTH THE MONEY
B00008H2LB|5.0|I don't quite have the words to describe this amazing piece of work.  It flows with more emotion than any In Sync or Backstreet Boyz song ever did.  In fact, I would have to rate this album as higher than the previously greatest musical achievement which was Britney Spears debut album!!!  The grooves are great to dance to even if your really old.  It's just great pop music, peeps!!!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Well, it was about time Linkin Park released their REAL sophmore album: Meteora. I was able to get hold of this CD two days before release through a friend. And for these last two days I've done nothing (well almost nothing) but listen to this CD. If you have not listened to the CD yet allow me to assure you that Meteora will please all fans. The changes in their styles are hardly audible it's more of the same stuff (which is great in this case!), it's like Hybrid Theory part II. This CD is a must buy for everyone that likes Linkin Park and for the people who absolutely love them I suggest getting the Enhanced Edition with the DVD. If you hated Likin Park, you have no particuar reason to check this out. But since Linkin Park dislikers and haters are limited in number so I'm not even going to worry about them and please also don't bash LP saing that they aren't metal (even though they really aren't) and that they're not good.<br />So in the end Meteora is just an extention of their previous album (or albums if you count Reanimation.)<br />Son Akira
0316666343|3.0|Some may find this the best book ever written, others will not not like it all.  I think I fall in the middle, it was interesting, different and entertaining, but it didn't leave me in awe afterwards like other books have.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Well considering the success of their first album, Hybrid Theory, Linkin Park needed to prove that this album was no sophmore slump. Well, I'll be the first one to say that they are indeed for real and it shows by how much effort they put into each track. Their first single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; is a very intricate laced track with all original loops and is sure to have people wondering how such a sound could be produced. My personal favorites on the album include &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot;, &quot;Somewhere I belong&quot;, and &quot;Easier to Run&quot;. But these songs are just merely the beginning, of such a great album and such a great future for the band. I purchased the cd with the dvd which was a great deal considering it gave an in-depth look of how much work it really took them to make each track from scratch. Go buy this cd right now!
0684867621|5.0|Well, Stephen King has made yet another successful novel, this one shorter than most of his work, and personally his shorter novels seem to be better than the more lengthy ones.<br />This book is, of course, very descriptive.  You actually feel the itchy vexation of misquito bites, or the painful sting of a wasp.  The only downfall of this is that it seems to be slightly repetitive, however, it also gives you a personal relationship with Trisha, and you begin to feel sorry for her, and the thought of her dying actually brings tears to your eyes.<br />I highly suggest getting this book, or if not buy it, check it out at the library, for it is a diffinate Must Read!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park has done it again. First with the best selling album of 2001 &quot;[Hybrid Theory]&quot;, then with 2002's &quot;Reanimation&quot; now they're at it again with this year's Meteora. 13 (ok, 11 with 2 interludes) tracks of sheer anger, melody, and enough pain in Chester's vocals to make Aaron Lewis cower in fear (although Staind's a good band) From the tracks &quot;Don't Stay&quot; to the first single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; to the more melodic &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; and &quot;Lying From You&quot;. This has the potential to be the best selling album of 2003 if they keep it up. Linkin Park, you guys have done it again, Keep up the good work!!
B00008H2LB|4.0|This is definitely not the worst album I've ever bought. &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; is a much better song (a lot better than what I initially thought it was) once one begins to listen to the actual album; the progression makes sense once the first two tracks (which really combine for a single song). They're still pretty crisp, and the scratching and the skipping is pretty neat. <BR>    However, this isn't the best album I've ever bought. The reason why I loved Linkin Park so much was for their rawness; they had grit in the first album that one can't find in too many artists. They were fresh, they were energetic, they were edgy. Maybe it's just an inevitability; after all, it's hard to top an album like Hybrid Theory. Still, I was dissapointed that they ended up sacrificing the grit for more polish. I was hoping they would be able to make the transition that Rage Against the Machine made from their first two albums to the Battle of Los Angeles; become more articulate, but retain that raw power that made them so special.<BR>       I recommend this album; it's still very solid, and very listenable. And some of the songs are pretty damn good. It's just not as good as the Hybrid Theory; they lost the grit they once had. In that aspect, they remind me of the Foo Fighters.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This c.d. is awesome...it is totally different than the first, but just as good. It is a lot more hard than the first one, but it also has songs that are totally different, but very good also. I bought this c.d. the first day it came out and i listen to it all the time. It is a c.d. that you cant get enough of, and these guys are hitting it huge and going to continue to hit it big. Chesters vocals are even better than the first, and Mike Shinoda's lyrics are perfect for the songs moods. If you are going to buy this c.d. I highly also recommend, Taproot- Welcome, Linkin Park- Hybrid Theory, Lifer- Lifer, The Color Red- Clear, Limp Bizkits new c.d. Bipolar is coming out very soon, and i heard tracks from that and it is awesome. Flaw- Through the eyes, and Stone Sour. All the bands just listed are very simialar, and even though Linkin Park have thier own sound, all those bands are in the same music genre just like Linkin Park
0066214122|2.0|This is not Michael Crichton's best work.  An interesting idea, but not very well fleshed out or expanded.  I could have done without the scenes with the kiddies and I found it hard to believe the hero ever loved his wife.  So who cared if she became infected.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Bands like Linkin Park show what happens when creative people who respect art on all levels join together and make awesome music.  The production is top notch, and it is a pleasure to crank up the volume on every song from this album.  The songs show a more together Linkin Park and they fuse elements from many types of musical styles beautifully.  Everybody in the band brings something to the table making Linkin Park a real collaborative effort.  The best part about Linkin Park is being at their show and I can't wait to hear these new songs live.  Rock on Linkin Park, keep bringin the creativeness to the masses. Peace out!
B000000OAL|5.0|Queen's first album, and one of their finest. The opening &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; track is absolutely one of the most powerful (and empowering!) tunes I have ever heard; great to wake up to, great to work out to. Of all the songs on this album, &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; seems to have gotten the most radio play on the classic rock stations, and rightfully so.<br />That is not to say that whole album isn't solid; the entire CD is one of the best debut albums ever. That 70s &quot;progressive rock&quot; aura really shines in songs like &quot;My Fairy King&quot; and &quot;Liar.&quot;<br />Other underrated gems include &quot;King Rat,&quot; a thundering cynical ode, yet bearing the same energy as &quot;Keep Yourself Alive,&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Seven Seas of Rhye,&quot; which is a hint of a more thorough and satisfying version of the tune that winds up on their following album &quot;Queen II.&quot;<br />Queen was such an impressive group that you owe it to yourself not to settle for any of their &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; compilations. Every album up to their 1978 release &quot;Jazz&quot; are excellent. This is a good pick to start the collection.
B00006690G|5.0|I first wrote a review of Eminem's \\"The Eminem Show\\" back at the end of 2002. When i wrote that review, i had only experienced listening to the album ALL the way through one time, so i didn't have the best perception of some of the tracks. Some that were my favorites then i don't like as much now, some that i hated then are really appealing now. My opions have changed for \\"The Eminem Show\\" and i now have an updated track-by-track review:<br />1. Curtains Up (Intro) - Just someone walking onto a stage and tapping a mic, probably Em. Didn't give it any stars.<br />2. White America (5/5) - I still like this track. The same angry verses from Em. I'm starting to get wore out of this one, though, but the video (which i could only find via the internet) is pretty cool looking.<br />3. Business (5/5) - Last time i gave it 3 out of 5, this time i gave it 5! Once i totally listened to it, i loved it. The music is upbeat and Em has a very catchy flow on it.<br />4. Cleaning Out My Closet (4/5) - I don't remember what i gave this last time but this time i'm tired of it. The radio (as well as MTV, BET, and other video channels) wore me out of this really fast. It has an OK beat but not my favorite.<br />5. Square Dance (4/5) - Whatever i gave it last time, this time i seemed to like it better. The beat grew on me, and Em's raps sounded somewhat better.<br />6. The Kiss (Skit) - Didn't give it any stars cause it's just a skit. However, it's a realistic portration of what happened the day of the 'kiss'. Blends in with the next song well, too.<br />7. Soldier (3/5) - I'm still not really feeling this one. The beat is alright, but Em's raps are too mediocre.<br />8. Say Goodbye Hollywood (2/5) - I just really don't like this one at all. The flow is WAY too long and boring and the hook is just not that good.<br />9. Drips (w/ Obie Trice) (5/5) - Last time i didn't like it that much, but after a few very careful listens, i love this track. Although Obie spits the nastiest verse i've ever heard from him or Em, Em does a pretty good verse. <br />10. Without Me (0/5) - STILL, i can't stand this ANNOYNING SONG. Follow my advice from last time Em: KEEP YOUR AIRPLAY TO A MINIMUM OR NEVER RELEASE ONE OF THESE [bad]POP SONGS AGAIN!<br />11. Paul Rosenburg (Skit) - No stars, just an answering machine skit from Paul Rosenburg, i never cared for any of the Paul skits anyway.<br />12. Sing For The Moment (5/5) - The latest single (how many singles will be released from this album??). Last time i didn't like it that much, that's only because i didn't hear it but one or two times, now, i love it. Em spits some very personal raps over Aerosmith's \\"Dream On\\" (i didn't even know what that song in the background was until i read a review saying it was the Aerosmith song).<br />13. Superman (5/5) (w/ Deena Ray) - Another single (the video's not shown on MTV, but you can see it one the \\"8 Mile\\" DVD as a bonus feature), this one i gave 3 stars last time, this time, i love it. Em's raps are really good and it's just an all around catchy song.<br />14. Haile's Song (4/5) - Don't like it as much this time (i heard it on the radio! I didn't know this was a single. There was no video or anything about it either so i don't know why they played it on the radio.) This is Em's tribute to his daughter, Hailie, who appears later on the album.<br />15. Steve Berman (Skit) - The newest installment of the Steve Berman skits. Their always the same, Em goes in, Steve says how awful the album is. But this time, Steve gets a suprise as Em brings his gun with him.<br />16. When The Music Stops (4/5) - Catchier than it was the first time around, now it's a little better.<br />17. Say What You Say (w/ Dr. Dre) (5/5) - Still my favorite on the album! Maybe \\"Drips\\" and \\"Busisness\\", maybe even \\"Sing For The Moment\\" all come really close, but i love this track. The nonstop beat and Em with Dre dissing Jermaine Dupri, what else could you ask for?<br />18. 'Till I Collapse (w/ Nate Dogg) (5/5) - Still love it! Why was this not a radio single? With Nate Dogg, wouldn't you think it'd be a huge radio success? The clapping is really addictive and Em spits some really good lyrics.<br />19. My Dad's Gone Crazy (w/ Hailie) (5/5) - Still a nice, hilarious, song. With his daughter, Hailie, singing the chorus while Em knocks out the rest, it's a perfect song.<br />20. Curtains Close (Outro) - Supposed to be the 3rd Ken Kaniff skit in the series but is only him on stage singing. <br />That's my new (and improved) review of the \\"Eminem Show\\". Other titles i recommend for fans of this album are: \\"Get Rich Or Die Tryin'\\" by 50 Cent, \\"8 Mile\\" (The Soundtrack) by Eminem and others, and the \\"Marshall Mathers\\" and \\"Slim Shady\\" LPS.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Nearly three years after making their massive, multi-platinum debut with 'Hybrid Theory,' Linkin Park return with this, their sophmore album, which definitely does not disappoint. At the core, its still Linkin Park. They haven't lost that edge, that style and smoothness that made 'Hybrid Theory' such a great listen. However, what you will find on 'Meteora' is a bit more experimental and more diverse. Where Linkin Park used to be just a rap-rock band, they tend to spread things out this time around. Songs like &quot;Don't Stay&quot; are straight-ahead rockers, which are complimented nicely by hip-hop tracks such as &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; and &quot;Hit The Floor.&quot; No doubt, the album is very short and not all of the songs click instantly like the ones on 'Hybrid Theory.' It will take a few listens to get into this one, but once you get it, it's great. With 'Meteora,' Linkin Park prove to not be just a flash-in-the-pan. 'Hybrid Theory' has gotten a little played out, but I get the feeling that this disc will be around a lot longer. All of the songs seem to be tapping in on a deeper emotional level, and with their success, the band seems to have a lot more creative control. The limited edition disc is a great buy. It comes with a DVD documenting the making of the album, a gigantic booklet, with little notes about the making of each song, and the disc itself includes a short film about the art of 'Meteora' (Heck, when I bought my copy, I even got a free t-shirt. It doesn't fit, but that's not the point). If you didn't like Linkin Park before, I doubt this will change your mind, but this should definetly please all of their fans.
B000002Q88|5.0|The severely maligned &quot;In the spirit of things&quot; is actually my 4th favorite Kansas album, behind the Debut, Leftoverture, and Point of Know Return (In that order).<br />Apparently from the music and liner notes, the band went for a late 80's-early 90's Hair Metal sound-Which is fine, seeing as that style ruled the airwaves back then. The absence of Robbie Steinhardt's fiddle may be a downer for some, and It's understandable that some fans of older Kansas didn't find this era appealing, but for me personally I don't mind it one bit.<br />Every song is a highlight (I can't mention 'em all!), from the anthemic &quot;One big sky&quot;, Great Upbeat rockers &quot;House on fire&quot;, and the two ballads &quot;Once in a lifetime&quot; and &quot;Stand beside me&quot; are incredibly heartfelt, and NOT cheesy as some reviewers have stated. The masterful &quot;Bells of Saint&quot; builds up perfectly, with a fine keyboard mainframe too.<br />&quot;In the spirit of things&quot; truly didn't deserve it's dismal fate. (Fifteen years later it still has yet to go gold.) I've heard this record and &quot;Power&quot; (Kansas 2 Albums recorded for MCA) may go out of print soon, so don't hesitate or you'll miss out on this Unheralded classic.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is a good cd I recommend picking up the enhanced version<BR>I'll break it down song by song below<BR>1.Foreword- sound effects and thats about it but provides a nice transition into Don't Stay (n/a)/10<BR>2.Don't Stay- kind of reminds me of crawling from Hybrid Theory.<BR>good guitar riffs. 8/10<BR>3.Somewhere I Belong- Good combination of rapping and rock. I have to say, even though i don't like rap, the subtle way linkin park does it on some of their songs and how they mix it in with rocking is really killer.One of my favorites. 9/10<BR>4.Lying from You- Really good rock song. Very original sound. 9/10<BR>5. Hit the floor- good song. one of the more \\"rappy\\" songs on the cd. 8/10<BR>6.Easier to run- I have to say I didn't really like this song as much as some of the other songs on this cd. 8.5/10<BR>7.Faint- good riffs, the second \\"rappy\\" song. 8/10<BR>8.Figure.09- Good riffs again. Another of my favorites. good song. 8/10<BR>9.Breaking the Habit- a little faster paced song. Very good song. 9.5/10<BR>10.From the Inside- this song is hard to describe. the lyrics are kind of shouty like crawling (from ht) but i don't like it as much 7/10<BR>11.Nobody's Listening- The third and final \\"rappy\\" song. I don't really like this song.7.5/10<BR>12.Session- Excellently done instrumental. Better than both instrumentals on reanimation. 8/10<BR>13.Numb- I love this song! My all time favorite on this cd!! A lot like Pushing me away (on ht) 10/10<BR>Overall Review(not an average) 9/10<BR>fans can't go wrong with this killer sequel<BR>until next time faithful linkin park fans <BR>peace<BR>mike
B00008H2LE|5.0|LINKIN PARK HAS MATURED! I'm glad! Get this album if you want to hear great music!
B00004YZ36|5.0|While the recorded sound of this set may not be as consistent or flawless as that in more recent (i.e digital) recordings, the music contained very quickly makes up for it.  Anda's music-making is very engaging and convincing, and the ensemble playing is generally very, very good.  The previous reviewer wrote: &quot;... a thoroughly recommendable and economical collection of these concertos&quot;.  I couldn't agree more heartily!
B00008H2LE|5.0|This cd, I have to admit is tighter than Hybrid Theory. I really really like Hybrid Theory. I think its the best cd I'd ever heard, I've listened to it like over 30 times. Linkin Park's music has grown alot and they're still bringing the tight new sound to us fans. With tight beats and hard rocking music. Heres my rates of all the songs except \\"Foreword\\" :<br />2.Don't Stay-the 1st time I heard this song I was really impressed. The lyrics were well written and the song was hard 10/10<br />3.Somewhere I Belong-I don't know why, but I'm not that big of a fan of this track. I ain't saying I don't like it but it's not that hard. Even though LP worked really hard on it, especially for the chorus which they wrote around 30. This track is good not great 8/10<br />4.Lying From You-my favorite track out of the whole album. I really like the lyrics, like really like it. This song is so related to my life. The song rules and it should be the 2nd single and I give it a solid 10/10<br />5.Hit The Floor-this song is hard, I dig it. The verses are okay but the chorus is really really good. I like how hard it is 7/10<br />6.Easier To Run-when I heard rumours that this song is like identical to \\"My December\\" I was worried. I wasn't really digging that song and I wished that LP never even recorded it because it sounded like a pop ballad and thats not what LP is, they're rap/metal. But after listening to it I couldn't see  any similarity between the two. This song is harder and tighter 9/10<br />7.Faint-this song is fun and fast. I like it, its pretty new to me. But new does mean good, right?? Yea...anyway I really like this 10/10<br />8.Figure .09-I like this track but I don't know what the title means, seriously I don't. But this song is good 8/10<br />9.Breaking the Habit-the lyrics were well written just like I said for some other song on here. Chester, I think did really good in this track because he was really singing with pride and emotion. Mike did a great job also, he was theone who thought've it 10/10<br />10.From The Inside-great verses and great chorus 10/10<br />11.Nobody's Listening-all hip hop so all rapping. I thought this track was going to be bad. But I thought wrong, it came out pretty damn great. I love it 10/10<br />12.Session-better than \\"Cure For The Itch\\" and more calm 10/10<br />13.Numb-this song is a good end to the cd. Great song to lsiten to and yet another 10/10<br />Overall I really like this cd. I think that Linkin Park done a great job. Its worth the wait and I cna't believe the cd is in my hands right now, in my possession. Great work Linkin Park, I support you all the way. Hope you keep on making good music, see ya!!
B000066F6H|5.0|Last year I took a chance with buying this cd without ever hearing a song on it, besides the radio hit &quot;hate to say I told you so.&quot; I do not regret it. The Hives' Veni Vedi Vicious is a sure fire way to regain confidence in British music in today's market.
B00008H2LE|5.0|I don't have to say that much to describe how great this cd is. I can give you 1 word to describe this and its &quot;Amazing.&quot;
B00008CLOA|5.0|If you have a SACD player, buy it immediately for a completely new listening adventure.
0684833395|5.0|I wasn't sure what I got myself into when I chose this book for my World History book report.  I sorta thought I might have chosen the wrong book.  That is, until I actually started reading.  This is the funniest book I have ever read and the only one to make me laugh out loud.  <br />   This book tells the tale of Yossarian, a bombardier captain, stationed off Italy.  The thing that separates this novel from every other war novel is that all of the characters are so dysfunctional: Yossarian, the main character, doesn't want to fight. He even tries to convince his superiors that the place he was supposed to bomb already was.  Orr, his best friend, carries crab apples in his cheeks.  Chief White Halfoat keeps threatening to die of Pneumonia if people don't pay attention to him and the soldier who sees everything twice, sees everything twice.  <br />   This book is incredibly funny one moment and incredibly sad the next.  The horrors of war penetrate the wall of humor in this book quite frequently.  Because all of the characters are so weird and cartoonish, it makes everything much more depressing than if a character in a less zany book dies.  They aren't supposed to die, they are larger than life.  <br />  Everything is displayed in a very sarcastic tone, from the Major who states \\"Whenever I am out, I'm in, and whenever I am in I'm out\\" to Milo, who contracts his planes to bomb and defend the same bridge.<BR>  <BR>   This book cannot be read without cracking a smile and is a much needed change of pace from the other books in this genre.  This should be required reading for anyone and everyone with a sense of humor.
B00007AJGH|5.0|If you really WANT to hear Donald saying what some allege he says to Daffy in this film, you might be able to convince yourself that's what you hear. But it just isn't true.<br />This movie wasn't made that long ago, folks; there's no way on God's green earth that a film comedy with a profile this high would EVER have made it to release with Donald Duck using the words attributed to him. What he actually does say is a variation on the same sort of stuff he has ALWAYS said in situations such as this ... and this doesn't include profanity, not today nor back in the 1930s. This movie does have some elements that will only be appreciated by adults, but they're either the sort of innuendo that won't register with kids, or freeze-frame moments that are well-nigh impossible to catch at full speed (and even slowed down, children will not see the significance).<br />I mean, kids hearing Dolores ask Eddie, \\"Is that a rabbit in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?\\" aren't going to get the full significance of the line, unless someone explains it to them, if then -- and they're too busy watching Eddie struggling to keep Roger hidden anyway. <br />For kids, there's little here that's more salacious than the appearance of Jessica Rabbit ... or Betty Boop, for that matter.<br />I do believe that, counting the original release, the VHS release and the first DVD, I've watched this film somewhere between 35-50 times (more than any other movie). If Donald were calling Daffy such a vile name, I'd know.<br />This film is just a masterpiece, a landmark in movie history. There are so many great moments that I wouldn't know where to start. Suffice to say this is one of those rare movies where every aspect of the creative talents brought to bear came together perfectly, from the music to the sets to direction to casting to the animation to lighting and whatever else you might think of. This is one movie that truly lived up to (or even surpassed) the hype and expectations built up prior to release. <br />The cameos by virtually every memorable cartoon character in existence in 1947 was unprecedented, and really adds both to the fun and the sense that Toontown could have actually existed.<br />Two favorite moments: The \\"singing sword\\" Eddie briefly tries to use against the villain (I'll not name this villain, just on the off-chance someone's never seen the film), and the torch song Jessica Rabbit sings (her singing voice is actually that of Amy Irving) when we see her for the first time.<br />I wish only that they had included the other couple of deleted/shortened scenes that were in the movie when it was shown on network TV.<br />Qapla'
B00008H2LB|1.0|this cd is horrible, dont even think about buying it, it makes me want to vomit.  Linkin Park has lost all of my respect.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This ablum is wonder throughtout the entire thing.  Like the album before, Hybrid Theory, every song stands out and is wonder on its own.  Althought this album is so good it is not as good as Hybrid Theory, however; it has is different and wonderful in its own way.  I highly recommend this to Likin Park fans!
B00005JLD2|5.0|This movie is one of the greatest pieces of film-making I have ever seen.  Philip Noyce's handling of the untrained young actors Everlyn Sampi, Tianna Sainsbury and Laura Monoghan who played Molly, Daisy and Gracie respectively, and his light touch on the plot are truly spectacular. This film has an emotional intensity and an intimate scale which makes the grandstanding by other \\"socially conscious\\" film makers seem mawkish or banal by comparison.  The performances of the actors is wonderful, especially Sampi and one hopes that this will be a turning point for three-dimensional aboriginal ensemble actors in motion pictures (although of course, this is Hollywood in action so any prospect of long-term social benefit has to be taken with an Uluru-sized grain of salt).<br />As a record of what happened during the 60 plus year period (1909  early 1970s) when the Australian government carried out its policy of forcible relocation of part-Aboriginal children in order to \\"lighten the race\\" into extinction, this film is devastating in its impact. Readers who are interested can get a pretty  good introduction to the issues by going to the Rabbit Proof Fence website. <br />I'd like to add a couple of things here to the points that have already been made about the film.  First of all, one of the strongest points of the movie is that the villains of the piece (in particular Kenneth Branagh's A. O. Neville) were totally convinced of the rightness of their cause and the subhumanity of Aboriginal people.<br />Writing in the early teens, one of Neville's fellow proponents of child removal wrote  \\"I would not hesitate to separate any half-caste from its Aboriginal mother, no matter how frantic momentary grief might be at the time. They soon forget their offspring.\\"  This same luminary noted that Aboriginal women were \\"prostitutes at heart\\" and that all Aboriginal people were \\"dirty, filthy [and] immoral\\".  It should be pointed out that similar viewpoints were held towards the urban poor during this time period in all European countries, and their white colonies.  Social Darwinist thinkers cast these groups along with Jews, Slavs, blacks, Asians and Natives of any kind as human trash to be eternal servants to the master race or victims of the march of progress.<br />Secondly, on top of the forcible destruction of aboriginal families, the film also raises the issue of the sexual exploitation of young aboriginal women by white men.  One of the most heartbreaking scenes in the movie for me was when Mavis (played by Deborah Mailman), a \\"graduate\\" of Neville's school who is the servant and sex slave of a white farming family begs the girls to stay with her: \\"If you're here, he won't come back\\".<br />Mavis represents the implicit fate of many of the young girls taken from their families.  These young women were a convenient and powerless source of domestic labor for settler families to recreate the master-servant power dynamic that Australians had supposedly rejected.  Interestingly, a similar fate awaited some of the British evacuee children who were sent to live in Australia during World War 2.  <br />The last thing I want to note about the film is that the real Molly (shown with her sister at the end of the film) felt that the film should have been about the greater tragedy of her life: ten years after she escaped from Moore River, she was subsequently recaptured with her own two daughters, she managed to escape again with the younger one (Annabelle) but  was forced to leave the other (Doris Pilkington Garimara, who became the author of the book on which the movie is based) behind.  Molly did not see Doris again for 25 years.  Annabelle was taken again when she was brought in for treatment for an eye infection a year later in 1942.  To this day, 60 years later, Molly  has received no contact from her youngest daughter.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I think your new cd was awesome, It was better then your last cd also. I can't wait for the next one, I believe its gonna be even better.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I just bought this cd and I have to say that it is different but typical Linkin Park. In this album, we hear a lot more hip-hop inspired sounds out of Linkin Park. Of course you get the heavy guitar that Linkin Park has become famous with, but certain songs tend to fade away from the Linkin Park image. The track entitled Bresking the Habit contains no guitar whatsoever. Of course Linkin Park is known for their different approach to the world of Rock by mixing in Rap to fulfill the side of us that craves rap, or a hip-hop based beat. <br />One thing that I would have to say that really makes me enjoy this new album is that it is totally different from the Rock that we hear on the radio. At first you might not totally enjoy this cd, but after listening to the songs and picking out the beats and the music, you really start to appreciate just how gifted the guys in Linkin Park are. The only downfall that I would have to give to this new album is that all of the songs are pretty short. Only one song, &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, makes it past the 3:30 mark. All of the songs on the album are around 3 minutes long. Personally, I was left wanting just a little bit more out of the songs, but maybe that is why Linkin Park is so great. <br />To sum it up, this is a great cd and I recommend you buy it to add to an already amazing library of Linkin Park songs.
B00008H2LB|1.0|This album is a disappointment . It took them this long to make it and it's only 30 minutes long...and the 1st track is 13seconds, Please!<BR>Most of the tracks are indistinguishable from the 1st album.<BR>I wouldn't waste my money on it.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Not bad, but not nearly as good as Hybrid Theory.  While a tall order to follow up, Linkin seemingly cant make up their mind on what kind of music they want to make on this album; harder rock, rap, or turntable beats (see track 12).  Check it out, but dont hold too high of hopes.
B00008H2LB|2.0|Not sure what to think of this record.  I liked the first Linkin Park CD when it came out 4 years ago.  I was hoping I would like this one too, but I didn't.  If you liked the single &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; then its a safe bet you'll like the rest of the CD.  Its basically Hybrid Theory part 2.  Nothing has seemed to change for them.<br />Its not good and its not bad its just umm ... there?<br />They didn't change their style much at all from my three goes through the album.  From my memory banks it seems to be the same pattern for all the songs over and over again.  You have the rap verse and the screaming/singing chorus.  Guess if that pattern worked for you once keep on going right?<br />I can't even remember parts of the songs after a listen.  Nothing stuck with me like the first album did with &quot;In The End&quot; that song was in my head for weeks.  Not sure what happened between then and now, but something is lacking.  So with nothing catching my ear after a few listens and nothing getting stuck in my head is the reason I gave this disc such a poor rating.  I'll try to give it another go, but not likely for anything to change.<br />I'm anxious to see what other reviewers have to say about this new effort from LP.  But my advice would be try to get a listen from a listening station at the record store before buying to see if anything stands out to you.  To me its lacking the heart that was in Hybrid Theory.  And I don't think you can be a one trick pony for too much longer.  Something is going to have to change with music here very soon.<br />But yet again ... thats just my opinion.
B00000GAIW|1.0|Re: &quot;...this isn't [a concept album'. Sure, there's a lot of thematic unity...But a 'concept album'? Not really.&quot;<br />Yes, REALLY. The phrase \\"concept album\\" means two things: 1) an album with a concept and 2) an album more or less like the Beatles's &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot;, the first album ever to be called a concept album; &quot;Pepper&quot; is a concept album by definition.<br />Does &quot;Aqualung&quot; have a concept? That's like asking if Berlioz's &quot;Symphonie Fantastique&quot; has a program. Of course it does. &quot;Aqualung&quot;'s concept is written out on its sleeve! This is the only rock album I know that names its sides (remember sides?), for heaven's sake! Is every song rigidly and obviously about God or Aqualung (or the others like him &quot;cast into the void&quot;, according to the sleeve)? Of course not. If every song WERE, &quot;Aqualung&quot; would NOT be a concept album; it would be MORE than a concept album: it would be a song cycle or a rock opera or an oratorio.  (Only one song on \\"Pepper\\" has rigidly and obviously to do with \\"Pepper\\"'s concept--Paul McCartney's insipid title song. It isn't that \\"Pepper\\" works in spite of this circumstance; it's that \\"Pepper\\" works BECAUSE of this circumstance-even the insipid title song.) O-B-V-I-O-U-S-L-Y, &quot;Aqualung&quot; IS a concept album--to the extent the phrase &quot;concept album&quot; means anything at all.<br />So why is this argument even occurring? Because somebody wants to squeeze more money out of this record by calling it &quot;new and improved&quot;, that's why. The tired unimaginative way to market a record in CD format as &quot;new and improved&quot; is to call it &quot;remastered with &quot;bonus tracks&quot;. But how can a concept album have &quot;bonus tracks&quot;? Ah, there's the rub. Well, since we MUST have &quot;bonus tracks&quot; since we MUST be tired and unimaginative and since we MUST try to squeeze out more money, etc., etc., etc., we also MUST also insist that &quot;Aqualung&quot; was never a concept album after all. (A fool and his money....)
B000069AUI|5.0|Coldplay is as cool as they come.  The music is soothing and imaginative and the vocals are great.  The perfect CD to listen to while your driving along an open stretch of coastline highway.  Relax and enjoy Coldplay.  Also, pick up Parachutes; it f---ing rocks!
B00000K44W|1.0|If this group had disbanded after &quot;Passion Play&quot; it would be recalled fondly even today. Instead it's recalled as an embarrassment lumbering through the decades--to the extent it's recalled at all. <br />Ad rem, however: The title song's music is a very slight derivative folkish sort of thing (closely resembling Linda Ronstadt's rendition of...&quot;and I think I'm gonna' love him for a long, long time&quot;, in fact--whatever that's called) that cannot support the verbosity and preciousness of the lyric saddled on its back. It just isn't a &quot;heavy&quot; enough horse, so to speak. Then there are these utterly banal (musically at least as much as lyrically) lines: &quot;Now you're down to the few/And there's no work to do/The tractor is on its way.&quot; Banal middle sections mar the only other promising songs, &quot;One Small Mouse&quot; and &quot;Moths&quot;, as well--though &quot;Moths&quot; is also marred by gratuitous unmusical and obnoxious key changes. The rest is sludge.
B00008H2LB|4.0|To start with, Meteora is not as good as Hybrid Theory, but never the less a 'Great' album to own. Surprised to find tunes such as 'Numb', which is not likely the LP style.<br />If u are a LP fan like me, u will definitely luv this album.
B00008H2LE|5.0|One word: amazing. this cd surpasses all expectations I had and blows away hybrid theory. All the tracks are awesome! do yourself a favor and buy this cd!
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park delivers the goods once again.<br />Sticking to what made HYBRID THEORY the monster album that it was, LP shows what makes them one of the better of the new screamcore bands.<br />Soundwise the mixing and production are stellar. Lyrically, things are status quo from HT. Chester B's voice sounds even better and more assured.<br />My only complaint?<br />Only 36 minutes long?<br />C'mon!<br />We wait all this time for a 36 minute album?<br />Even old lp's were 40 minutes long!
B000000WJZ|5.0|Smashing Pumpkin's \\"Siamese Dream\\" is eclipsed only by Nirvana's \\"Nevermind in terms of its influence on the alternative rock scene of the 1990's. And yet the records could hardly be more different. While Cobain drew his ammunition from the economical craft of The Pixies and Black Flag, Billy Corgan was more interested in the instrumentation of groups like  My Bloody Valentine and the Jesus and Mary Chain. Corgan's uniquely cathartic, angst filled voice, layer upon layer of textured guitars (that often descended into lengthy jam sessions) and Jimmy Chamberlain's unbelievable \\"power\\" drumming ensured  \\"Siamese Dream\\" stood out markedly from the countless other \\"grunge\\" albums that were emerging at the time. But though Corgan's song writing was less conventional and the Pumpkin's sound somewhat less commercial, the record spawned several hits including the string laden acoustic anthem \\"Disarm\\" and the pop classic \\"Today\\" whilst others such as the frisky \\"Cherub Rock\\" and the seething \\"Geek USA\\" have become alternative standards. Though the epic \\"Melon Collie\\" brought them worldwide acclaim, this is the record that perhaps defines them best.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|So much can be said about the magic of &quot;Beauty and The Beast&quot;, the only animated feature to be nominated for a Best Picture Academy Award, but for this review I'm gonna stick with talking about the special features on the DVD.<br />This Disney Platinum DVD is a 2 Disc set.<br />Disc 1 features 3 versions of &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast&quot;, and it is all done via a High-Definition Transfer using Digital Technology. The first version is what the DVD packaging is promoting and that is the Special Edition version. This features some minor animation changes which you probably won't notice and an additional musical sequence called &quot;Human Again&quot;. This song was used in the Broadway version of &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast&quot; and proved very popular. And so composer Alan Menken re-worked the song for the Special Edition, and the Disney animators brought it to life in animation. It is all done seamlessly to blend in with the original version as if it was meant to be there in the first place. The second version on this DVD is the Original Theatrical Edition. The third version is the Work In Progress Edition and for true afficianados this is a real find, and here is why- When Beauty &amp; The Beast was first shown to an audience it wasn't quite finished. Some of the animation was incomplete and so parts were in pencil test form. However, despite that being the case, audiences were still moved by &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast&quot;. Now with this version you can see many of the rare pencil tests that made up the movie.<br />Disc 1 also has an Audio Commentary from the filmmakers and a sing along track. In other words, you can watch the whole film, and when the songs are performed the lyrics appear on screen. Also on this Disc 1 is the first part of a game called<br />Maurice's Invention Workshop Game whcih continues on Disc 2.<br />And so onto Disc 2. Here we have a preety pointless Disney's Enchanted Environments. Here you can watch moving pictures of things like a fireplace. Great huh? Anyhoo there is also a Character Profile Game, Chip's Musical Challenge Game, the continuance of the game from Disc 1, &quot;Beauty And The Beast&quot; Music Video By Jump 5 and theatrical trailers.<br />There are also various documentaries which you can visit at different locations on the DVD. The problem here is that you will realize that certain apparently different directions will lead to the same place. In other words you could go one way and find various short documentaries, whereas if you went another way you might find those same small documentaries, just edited together as one big documentary. It's a bit of a cheat really, and greatly affects my opinion of this DVD. Anyway, the headed small documentaries include The Story Behind The Story; The Broadway Musical; Disney's Animation Magic; The Story-Bringing The Story To The Screen; Early Presentation Reel; The Music-Alternate Score: The Transformation, Alternate Version: &quot;Be Our Guest,&quot; Deleted Song: &quot;Human Again,&quot; Beauty And The Beast Music Video, Original Demo Recordings With Introduction By Alan Menken.<br />There are also lots of animation galleries, animation tests and much more.<br />Disney have managed to fit a lot onto this DVD set, but the big disppoinment is thinking there were more documentaries than there were. Still, the movie is simply the best animated feature, and worth a proud place among your DVD collection. Oh and also, take a look at the thin side of the DVD packaging and you find the letter I. This is because this is the beginning of a 3 part collection. II is &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast: The Enchanted Christmas&quot;, and III is &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast: Belle's Magical World&quot;.ings like a fireplace. Great huh? Anyhoo there is also a Character Profile Game, Chip's Musical Challenge Game, the continuance of the game from Disc 1, &quot;Beauty And The Beast&quot; Music Video By Jump 5 and theatrical trailers. <br />There are also various documentaries which you can visit at different locations on the DVD. The problem here is that you will realize that certain apparently different directions will lead to the same place. In other words you could go one way and find various short documentaries, whereas if you went another way you might find those same small documentaries, just edited together as one big documentary. It's a bit of a cheat really, and greatly affects my opinion of this DVD. Anyway, the headed small documentaries include The Story Behind The Story; The Broadway Musical; Disney's Animation Magic; The Story-Bringing The Story To The Screen; Early Presentation Reel; The Music-Alternate Score: The Transformation, Alternate Version: &quot;Be Our Guest,&quot; Deleted Song: &quot;Human Again,&quot; Beauty And The Beast Music Video, Original Demo Recordings With Introduction By Alan Menken.<BR>There are also lots of animation galleries, animation tests and much more.<br />Disney have managed to fit a lot onto this DVD set, but the big disppoinment is thinking there were more documentaries than there were. Still, the movie is simply the best animated feature, and worth a proud place among your DVD collection. Oh and also, take a look at the thin side of the DVD packaging and you find the letter I. This is because this is the beginning of a 3 part collection. II is &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast: The Enchanted Christmas&quot;, and III is &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast: Belle's Magical World&quot;.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I was really anticipating this CD since I'm a big LP fan, and I'm not dissapointed. However, This is a good cd, but it's no Hybrid Theory. My main problems I have with it are: <BR>1) It's too short. 36 minutes of good music is still only 36 minutes long. I've listened to the full CD front to back about 10 times now<BR>2) It's a bit too 'angsty'. I get the feeling that this CD is aimed toward LP's pre-teen fanbase, which is cool, but Chester sure goes on about ... little problems...<br />Other than those 2 points, I love this CD. Mike Shinoda (the guy that does the rap) is amazing, and the whole CD flows really smooth like it did in Reanimation (I'm talking about having to sit down and figure out when 1 song ends and another begins. The opening instrumental track \\"Forward\\" is a perfect example, leading into \\"Don't Stay\\" perfectly)<br />This isn't as big a step forward as I'd like to see LP take, but it's still much better than decent. Also, there's so much enhanced content on this CD that it's crazy. When you buy this album (and you should if you like LP), you get much more than music.
B000069CWE|5.0|I've actually owned this album since the first week it came out but am a little late in reviewing it. Anyways I must disagree with everyone. Ok I though Hybrid Theory was ok, no actually I thought it was good, but if there was an award for mst overhyped album of all time it would totally take the cake. With this cd it corrected the mistakes that Hybrid Theiry made. Toning out all the songs to make them fit in more hip hop, as well as making them even more hardcore at the same time. It also had a great selection of guests from bands such as Staind, Korn, Taproot, and a bunch of not well known but very talented rappers. The best ones on the album are Frgt/10, Enth e nd, Plc.4 Mie Haed, and Ppr:kut. If you love the hip hop side of LP then this is the perfect alum to get.
B00008H2LE|5.0|WAO!!!!<BR>LINKIN PARK MAKE THIS ALBUM AN EXCELENT PIECE OF ART.<BR>THEY DO IT AGAIN LIKE \\"HYBRID THEORY\\"<br />YO HAVE TO BUY IT BECAUSE IS SO GREAT, I'M CRYING FOR THE EMOTION OF LISTEN LINKIN PARK IN HIS BEST ALBUM EVER.......
B000001F7R|5.0|As you can tell by the title of this review, this album sounds NOTHING like Def Leppard. It is their debut album recorded in December 1979 and released in January 1980. This album is pure metal (pure metal by 1979-80 standards anyway). Joe sings a lot deeper on this album. Rick, of course, has both arms and he is a god on this album. Later, his drumming would become more simplistic, even before he lost his left arm. Whats more, is that Rick was only 17 on this album! Anyway on to the album.<br />1.Rock Brigade-The second I heard this I had to make sure this was Def Leppard I was listening to. Yep Leppard can rock. It'd be cool if Leppard opened their concerts with this one. Man just dig that solo.<br />2.Hello America-An early Lep single. I love that opening riff into the song. This song would be cool to play on a USA tour hence the title. <br />3.Sorrow is a Woman-An early ballad with some slow parts mixed with some nice rock interludes. Some of Rick's best drumming ever<br />4.It Could Be You-Generic rocker. Nothing more nothing less<br />5.Satellite-One of Lep's heaviest. A nice catchy chorus.<br />6.When the Walls...-Great acoustic opening. But dont be fooled this starts to rock away before you know it. But its pretty bland compared to others<br />7.Wasted-Another single. Right away from the opening riff you can tell the boys hit home with this rocker.<br />8.Rocks Off-Nah I didnt really enjoy this song. Dont let the ... audience fool you this is a pretty bland rocker.<br />9.It Dont Matter-Killer opening riff. This song doesnt quite cut it compared to others but it still have you nodding your head right along.<br />10.Answer to the Master-Has a pretty unique beat. Good little drum interlude at about 1:15 and a KILLER solo beginning at 1:45<br />11.Overture-Ah the centerpiece. A killer seven minute closer. Id like to see Lep's pop fans stomach this. Its so full of tempo changes it made my head spin.<br />Ah what an album. It has its clunkers but it still rocks (why do you think i gave it five stars). ... they dont play this stuff anymore (not even in concert) but we will always have this album for memories. I like some of their pop stuff but theres no argument that their crowning achievement was right here before the girls, money, music videos, and records that went a million times platinum. This is truly the heart and soul of Def Leppard.
B00008H2LE|5.0|First of all, let me say that Linkin Park is no Limp Bizkit.  They don't rely on crashing guitar chords, foul language, or a hard image to sell records.  And the kicker is they don't need to...  Just listening to the first 3 or 4 songs on \\"Meteora\\" lets you know just how much really goes into their work.  Contrary to a number of other \\"Rock/Rap\\" offerings, you can tell with LP, that these guys actually put their souls into these songs.  Oh yeah, and they also put a good deal of thought into them as well.  These aren't mindless pop/rock tunes.  These aren't just rock-n-roll, sexually depraved deviants; these are artists.  <br />A lot has been made about whether LP can follow up \\"Hybrid Theory\\" with something other than the usual \\"Sophomore album trash\\", and in this case they succeed.  It's soulful in it's own right.  It's passionate in it's own right.  It's exciting in it's own right.   <br />And as in \\"HT\\" and \\"Reanimation\\", there's something for everyone.  There's the crazy guitar laden tracks like \\"Hit The Floor\\" and \\"Figure.09\\".  There's the occasional hip-hop heavy tune like \\"Nobody's Listening\\", which is one of my personal favorites...the chinese flute on that song is unbelievable.  Very Beastie Boys-ish.  And of course, there is the typical \\"In The End\\"-ish ballads, like the current single \\"Somewhere I Belong\\" and \\"Easier To Run\\".  <br />One of the most unique songs on the entire album is \\"Breaking The Habit\\".  The DVD, that is included in the Limited Edition release, gives you a little background into this song penned by Mike Shinoda.  He says it took him like 6 years to write it, and you can tell it in the song.  It is so deep, but so unlike anything else they've done before.  The string arrangement is fabulous.  <br />So my opinion?  Does it live up to \\"HT\\"?  Yes, and then some!
B00006L83N|5.0|If you listen to nothing else on this cd, listen to the song: &quot;The Odyssey&quot;  This 24 minute epic is one of the best orchestrated &quot;classical&quot; metal i have ever heard.  Perfect isn't enough to describe this beautiful blend of guitars and symphony.  I can't stop listening to it!  I am in ecstacy every time I listen to it all the way through!  Symphony X; YOU ROCK!
B00008H2LE|2.0|Okay, don't get me wrong, linkin park is my favorite group.  But this CD is just bad, terrible even, it has a few good songs, but the majority is Annoying, either the beat is annoying, the beat and the words don't go together, or the words are annoying.  I recommend borrowing the cd ..., and then either burning it, or writing down the few good songs to download it, but the...bucks that everybody's charging for the cd by itself and the...cd/dvd pack is about...overpriced.  Sorry Fellow linkin park fans, but it's the truth. Hopefully a fourth CD will come out with more than just 3 or 4 good songs.  Oh yeah, I forgot, the cd says it has 13 songs, but it really has 12.  The first one is a 13 second intro of somebody breaking a glass.
B0000029LG|5.0|I just want to say that everyone on earth should own this 2-CD collection and its seriously worth EVERY CENT of it. I also need to point out that the remake of \\"Come Together\\" made me feel a lot better about that song, seeing as how the Beatles [smell] anyway and somebody really needs to re-do their horrid music. At least MJ owns all the Beatles songs and he can re-make them. He definately should. The Beatles were great song writers, but their music was as boring and as lifeless as anything. MJ, obviously, blows the Beatles out of the water in every was possible-even at songwriting-and I hope he takes on another Beatles song soon. LONG LIVE THE KING OF POP!
B00008H2LB|5.0|If you thought that Hybrid Theory and Reanimation were good then you'll definately like Meteora. At first I didn't like it because I was comparing it to much to Hybrid Theory, but after listening to it a couple of times it definately stands on its own. One of the better follow up CDs. I only wished that it was longer. This is an Enhanced CD and has additional content including the video for the song Somewhere I Belong. The DVD has all of the LPTV video segments available on the Linkin Park website.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I'm a hardcore Linkin Park fan and to be honest i thought that meteora was going to[be]bad. Was i ever proven wrong. This album was totally worth the 2 year wait from Hybrid Theory. The songs featured on this cd are more darker, and have very time consumed lyrics, sounds, and hardcore beats. If you even like Linkin Park just a little, i suggest that you buy meteora. You will NOT be dissapointted. I promise!
B000003Z12|4.0|After reading all the 5 star reviews, I couldn't wait to get into this. After JOHNNY A ( Sometime Tuesday Morning ) THE HELLECASTERS and PHIL KEAGGY ( CD 220 ) this CD didn't reach the standard of the above mentioned artists. My first impression was : TOO MELLOW, TOO CLOSE TO LIFT MUSIK. 3 weeks later I am proved wrong again. After about a dozen or more listens this CD has grown on me and I am slowly but surely falling in love with it. It will take some time for the subtle qualities of this CD to shine through. Georgous melodies and some very original arrangements make for easy listning but never boring music.<BR>My wife and most of her friends also love this CD ( in our household a very rare occurance ). If you like the guitar stylings of LEE RITENOUR or LARRY CARLTON you will like this.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I'm a fan of good music, but at least slightly heavy music.  Most bands' (not gonna mention names)second albums are softer than the first.  Linkin Park surprised me.  Here's the list and my opinion on them.<br />\\"Don't Stay\\"- Great beginning song.  Sounds somewhat similar to \\"One Step Closer\\" except its got a cooler chorus (My Favorite song on the album)<br />\\"Somewhere I Belong\\" - Pretty good song.  Killer verse.  But something about it annoys me ;)<br />\\"Lying From You\\" - The beginning riff on this song is evil.  I never heard these guys get that heavy ever.  Great Verse, Great Chorus.  Awesome Song (My second Fav)<br />\\"Hit The Floor\\" - Heavy Hip Hop right here.  Very heavy and great screams from Chester.  Great Song.<br />\\"Easier to Run\\" - Like \\"Somewhere I belong\\"  its an ok song but has that Puddle of Mud feel to it.<br />\\"Faint\\" - Fast pace heavy hip hopish song but killer and fast flowing from Mike on the verses. His best on the album.  Great Song.<br />\\"Figure.09\\" - Great heavy guitar riff, good verses, and a killer chorus and screaming from Chester.<br />\\"Breaking The Habit\\"- A very different approach from LP. Not much guitar. A techno like beat and some good singing from Chester. This you gotta check out.<br />\\"From The Inside\\" -  One of the best if not the best chorus on the album.  Chester really shows his great voice in this one.<br />\\"Nobody's Listening\\" - A pure hip hop rap song.  A pretty original but killer beat.  Mike busts out the vesrses and Chester puts on a cool chorus. One of the a very few rap songs I like.<br />\\"Numb\\" - A pretty cool song. Somewhat similar to \\"Crawling\\"<br />Overall this is a must buy.  Even those people who think LP is a bunch of pop stars (like me).  This album will open your eyes.
B00004YYDI|5.0|This movie is by far one of the most incredible movies I've seen.  It intense, alive, and beautiful.  Terrific acting and the storyline was amazing.  I've never seen any movie like this.  This movie climbed to the top and has mastered its genre with ease.
B0000039LE|5.0|Halloween opened in the fall of 1978 and scared the wits out of moviegoers and rave reviews out of films critics, who quickly declared it a new horror classic. A fright film hadn't made such an impact since 1960's &quot;Psycho&quot;(which starred Jaime Lee Curtis' mother Janet Leigh) It went on to become, up until &quot;The Blair Witch Project,&quot; the highest-grossing independent feature ever made. I think that the films lack of blood was offset by one of it's most terrifying features: John Carpenter's brilliantly menacing score. The music in this film is phenominal, both in it's originality and ability to get you to react. To see what I'm talking about, try watching the movie with the sound off. You'll see that it makes a big difference. Another one of it's distinguishing features is Micheal Myers'-or as they referred to him in the credits &quot;the shape&quot;- mask. One thing that not very many people know about the mask is that it was close to having a totally different look. There were two masks to choose from, since it was a low budget movie. Thr first was an Emmit Kelly Clown mask and Nick Castle, the original Micheal, came out of the bathroom wearing it and everyone agreed it was pretty scary and it made you uncomfortable. Then he came out with the second mask which was a William Shatner Captain Kurk mask from Star Trek that they had painted white opened the eye sockets and teased the hair a bit and...a cold chill ran down all the crew's spiines, it was so demented and so sick that when the film was released in theaters the expressionless features of Micheal Myers shocked everyone and that truly is what stays with you it's the mask. When you go home after watching a Halloween movie you're still thinking about his face and almost expecting him to po out from under the bed while you're sleeping. Thats the difference between slasher films and horror films: slasher films focus more on the gore and the guts, which is not that scary, and horror films focus more on you're fears and than deal within them and bring them to life I HIGHLY recommend this movie to any Horror flick fan and say to you, turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and get ready to have the hell shocked out of you!on you're fears and than deal within them and bring them to life I HIGHLY recommend this movie to any Horror flick fan and say to you, turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and get ready to have the hell shocked out of you!
078322933X|5.0|okk soo. i just wanna know if anyone knows what gary says when they are at school like after i think its after he has alreayd been beaten up by marky? but he goes... something like.. 'talk to travis pickle yet?' but thats tottally not what he says!!! anyone know!?
B00008H2LB|5.0|I've been waiting for this CD to come out for ages and it is finally here.  This CD is well worth buying.  Most of the songs are heavier than the songs in Hybrid Theory.  They compare much closer to the song \\"By Myself\\".  This CD is awesome because the sound is so awesome, the lyrics are so deep, and Linkin Park hasn't changed there sound.  The songs that really stand out are \\"Somewhere I belong\\", \\"Hit the Floor\\", \\"Faint\\", \\"Lying from you\\", and \\"Don't Stay\\".  This CD compares very much to Hybrid Theory because every single song is amazing.  You can listen to the CD all the way through til the end, just like Hybrid Theory.  While some songs are much darker and heavier, others are more quiet and melodic, like \\"Easier to Run\\", \\"Breaking the Habit\\", and \\"From the Inside\\".  There is no word to describe how deep and powerful Meteora is...
6302000823|5.0|One magnificent cinematic piece. I first saw this movie in a film class at school and not one eye was dry at the end of the movie. The montage of the kisses at the end was truely amazing! Giuseppe Tornatore is an amazing director, using a montage of the classical end to a film (the kiss) to end this film. His other movie, Malena was great, but Cinema Paradiso takes the cake for being my all time favorite movie. I only wish I could go back and see it for the first time all over again...
B00008H2LE|5.0|this is one of their best cd's yet. I just baught it and I like it alot.  Get it if u are a linkin Park Fan!
0783225857|5.0|As noted by many, \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a respectful, well-executed vision of a classic novel.  The movie carries all of the impact of the book, with a perfect cast bringing to life the familiar characters.  Scout, Atticus Finch and Boo Radley all come to life in crisp black and white.<br />Challenging subject matter in it's time, the themes are still valid today.  Rape, racism...not easy topics to discuss especially for kids, but they are facts of the world and should be confronted.  This movie, and the book it comes from, help ease the transition.<br />The DVD is excellent, and a great presentation for this fine film.  Definitely one for the ages.  A movie every child should see.
6305882592|5.0|I happened to catch this movie accidentally while sitting at home bored one day. Didn't know anything about it, it just happened to come on the TV while I was watching. The first part of the movie hooked me because it was just so weird, I had to see what was next. By the end, I was crying, it was so beautiful, I loved it!<br />It's a wonderful story about a young man who is in love with death and an old woman who is in love with life -- and how they change each other's lives for the better. As others have said, though, this movie isn't for everyone. I asked my parents to watch it (I was about 17 or 18 at the time) and all they talked about was how disgusting it was that a 19 year old was with a 79 year old! They totally missed the point of the movie! In fact, that I like the movie so much is a great source of humor for them.<br />Anyway, if you can get passed the age difference, this is a beautiful story. I own the VHS and the DVD version and have watched this movie a dozen times. I even used part of it (where Maude is talking about the daisies) as a motivational speech in college. (And I was sooo excited when I heard it mentioned in \\"Something About Mary\\"!!)
B00000119Z|5.0|Tomorrow no era una banda vanguardista como Soft Machine ni tena la demencia del Pink Floyd de Barrett, lo de ellos eran las canciones pop de 3 minutos teidas de aires sicodlicos y en ese sentido West, Howe, Twink y Wood lograron expresar dentro de ste formato un caleidoscopio de mltiples sensaciones. My white bicycle abre el disco con efectos y cintas invertidas, Real life permanent dream atrapa con la ctara, Revolution logra crear diferentes paisajes y Hallucinations es lrica y musicalmente pura sicodelia. Otras canciones como Colonel brown, Shy boy, Auntie mary's dress shop y Three jolly little dwarfs muestran su lado mas reposado y pop; slo Now your time has come los muestra ms inclinados hacia la improvisacin, pero sea cual sea el estilo que adopten todas son ejemplos notables de una poca de busqueda musical como nunca ms se ha dado.
B00006690G|2.0|... Eminem is far from the best rapper in the world...<br />He raps about the same [stuff] over and over and over and over again!! Dont get me wrong, i aint discrediting him,just bewildered as to how this mediocre rapper gained such large appeal considering the boring substance of his songs...
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin park is back and more explosive than ever.  I absolutely love this album. It is alot better in my opinion than Hybrid Theory (or reanimation)  Every song on this cd is awsome.  Chester really pulls it off with his explosive screaming vocals ( LOVE THEM!!) and that is one of the reasons this cd soars.  The songs range from explosive screaming and sweet heavy guitars and beat (faint)  to mellow sounding and slow songs like (easier to run)   And then there is (breaking the habit) which is pretty new for LP ... i dont hink i can remember a soft song on hybrid theory.  Any ways go buy this cd right now.  It did not dissapoint me at all, and it wont for you either.  LP ROCKS
B00008H2LB|1.0|Has anyone noticed that these guys are a boy band? they were put together by a record label to cash in on the &quot;nu-metal&quot; trend. if you're going to wallow in teen angst, at least pick something sincere, like NIN's Downward Spiral. It's much darker than the synthpop fantasy land spun by these guys.
B00008H2LB|5.0|With their first release, Hybrid Theory, Linkin Park surprised the music industry with a music style like none other.  Comprised of a mix of heavy rock tones, Mcee style rapping, and techno mixing, Linkin Park is one of a kind.  Now, with their newest release, Meteora, LP hoped to raise the music bar to the next level, and that they did.  Meteora is truly original with a style of its own.  While still finding roots in its predecessor, Meteora will delight fans with a whole new mix of songs.  LP also did a great job of finding different styles to incorporate in their music to make the album as diverse as possible.  The first thing I listened for on this CD was whether or not the songs were just lame conversions of old songs from the previous album with new words.  However, the exact opposite is true.  LP took the time to make a great CD.  If you enjoyed Hybrid Theory or are looking for a new rock group to get away from the monotony of todays music, then look no further.  LP's newest CD is an excellent example of good quality music; clean too.  Meteora absolutely rocks!  If you haven't already bought this album, then by all means do so.  This CD is worth owning!
B00008H2LB|4.0|I was really anxious for this cd to be released and to say the least i was a little disappointed with it.  Don't get me wrong, it's a good cd, but the lyrics are a little repetative and the songs are too short.  If you're a LP fan definitely pick this cd up, it's worth the buy at target maybe, but Hybrid Theory was much better.  Don't Stay is a good song, one of my favorites.
B00008H2LE|4.0|&quot;Meteora&quot; is Linkin Park's follow-up to their successful Hybrid Theory album. I was a big fan of Linkin Park, but after &quot;Reanimation&quot; was released I lost interest. I watched the MTV Making the Video for &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; and I still wasn't sure if I would get &quot;Meteora&quot; or not. I thought &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; was okay at first, but after hearing it for the 3rd or 4th time, I really started to like it. So I figured I would give &quot;Meteora&quot; a chance.<BR> Some of my favorite tracks on the album are: &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; (the first single), &quot;Easier to Run&quot;, &quot;Lying From You&quot;, &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot;, and &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;<br />  &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; really grew on me after awhile (I really like the chorus). &quot;Easier to Run&quot; is a mid-tempo mosh-ballad, that is about how hard it is to face your problems. &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; is a song that Mike Shinoda has been working on for the past 5 years. (you learn that in the &quot;Making of Meteora DVD&quot;) It was originally supposed to be an short interlude, but ended up becoming a 3 minute song w/ a live orchestra, Chester handles the vocals. &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;, it is the most &quot;hip-hop&quot; track on the cd, but I still like it (I don't like Rap or hip/hop, so that's a lot coming from me), it features some kind of Japanese flutes in the background. <br />  &quot;Meteora&quot; is a solid cd with no &quot;filler&quot;, it clocks in at 37 minutes. I probably like it more than &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; and I'm sure it will be just as successful. The bonus DVD is worth the money and it is very interesting to how they made the album. The cd also includes the &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; video and tons of other extras Linkin Park fans will enjoy. So, if you liked what you heard on &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;, get this cd. If you're not a fan of Linkin Park or &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;, you're not going to like this one any better. <br />My rating: 4/5 Stars
B00005UW9T|4.0|When the Russian king, Tsar Nicholas II was overthrown by the Bolshevik's revolution his entire family was taken hostage before being executed and buried in unmarked graves.  However, when those graves were at last discovered it seems that the youngest of his children, the princess Anastasia, was not among the bodies.  Even before this discovery it was rumored that Anja had escaped her fate with a sympathetic soldier from the Royal Guard.  Whatever the truth, to this day, no one really knows what became of the little princess.<BR>Don Bluth's \\"Anastasia\\" attempts to offer up a fanciful account of the 'what if' scenerio that, while void of facts, is an engaging piece of musical fiction that really brings down the house.  So, in this case, Anja (voiced by Meg Ryan) is a precocious, independant woman growing up in impoverished Russia. She is suffering from amnesia when a con artist (voiced by John Cusack) reasons that she would be a great imposter for his scheme to steal a reward offered by the real Anastasia's grandmother who is exhiled in Paris.  One problem - the ghost of Rasputin (a figure of mythical interest in his own time)is out to destroy the last of the royals before she gets to Paris.  <BR>As is the case with animated movies, the blood and guts of the story are toned down.  Musical numbers are added in and everything is treated to an ultra high gloss glamor treatment that, while not historically accurate, is one hell of a show besides.  THIS IS BAR NONE THE BEST NON-DISNEY ANIMATED FEATURE FILM!  Bluth and his associates have created a rich tapestry of characters married to lush background drawings and a masterful score that really sets the film on a grand scale apart from anything North American cartoon buffs have seen since Walt Disney's SLEEPING BEAUTY, nearly 50 years before.<BR>Fox has given us the film in both widescreen and full frame formats.  Unfortunately the widescreen version is not anamorphic - a genuine disappointment.  That said, there's reallynothing else to complain about.  Colors are eye-popping.  Fine detail is extremely well defined.  The sonic experience has to be heard to be believed.  We also get a documentary on the making of the movie which is informative and fun and the original theatrical trailer and Richard Marx music video \\"Life Is A Journey\\".  This is a great family film that I wish more adults would see.  It combines all the virtues and esthetics of the Hollywood/Broadway musical and animated feature film.  GET THIS ONE FOR SOMEONE YOU LOVE WHO'S YOUNG OR YOUNG AT HEART.  Either way, you're in for one heck of a journey to the past!
B00008H2LE|5.0|I think this is an awesome followup sophomore album.  After listening to this I've realized that curse does not exist for this band.  There is something about that mix of heavy metal and hip-hop that makes them so awesome.  They have their own sound that you must hear because it is like no other.  Chester screams and Mike raps out emotional lyrics that just help ease troubles of life.  &quot;Easier to Run&quot; is very melodical and slow with some hard rock guitar and awesome drums, they achieve almost a punk rock sound in &quot;Faint&quot; from the fast tempo, and &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; is very soft, with no heavy guitar but with a 10-piece orchestra.  All of the lyrics are different from other people.  They are like poetry.  They can be interpreted any way you want.  The DVD is an awesome added feature and you will understand the whole painter thing and art on the cover of the cd and the 40 page booklet.  You will not regret buying this album.
B00005NRNB|4.0|Harrison Ford is the president of the United States whose Air Force One plane is hijacked by a team of Russian terrorists. As an intense, action packed adventure this one's pretty good.  Gary Oldman gives another stellar performance as the leader of the terrorists. He's truly a chameleon.  Name me another actor who could play anyone from Lee Harvey Oswald (JFK) to Beethovan (Immortal Beloved)?!?<BR>So here I'm going to concentrate my review on the Columbia Tristar super-hyped \\"Superbit\\" series and I can sum up my evaluation in three little words - DON'T BE FOOLED!  While it's true that packing on excessive extra features and a feature film onto one side of a DVD \\"can\\" result in a loss of digital quality in the transfer, this is not really an issue when the movie itself runs just under the two hour mark and the extra features amount to a fifteen minute \\"making of\\" featurette and some theatrical trailers.  <BR>THIS TRANSFER IS VIRTUALLY IDENTICAL TO THE PREVIOUSLY ISSUED DVD. <br />Having stated this, the fidelity of this transfer is outstanding.  Colors are well balanced and bold.  Edge enhancement, pixelization and shimmering are non-existant. Fine details are extremely sharp.  The audio is earth-shattering.  Overall a great, great job from Columbia Tristar.  One problem: they already did just as much on the original DVD release.  Hence, this time around is really just a waste of disc space. <BR>There are no extras but hey, that's Columbia being true to form. <BR>...
B00006L7XQ|5.0|\\"The Man Comes Around\\" is a genuine reflection of Johnny Cash's life.  The Johnny Cash CD is a diverse mix of popular cover songs and original pieces driven by Johnny's wisdom. The man in black may be old, but his young spirit resonates throughout his music.  Among my favorites is Johnny's rendition of the Beatles song \\"In My Life\\".  \\"The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face\\", touched me at my core, it was as if I had commissioned Johnny to write a song specifically for me. It's perfect for that first date as well as that long drive home.  Johnny's CD deals with real issues that everyone can relate to - i.e., loneliness, pain, spirituality.  By the way, if you're into Fiona Apple -or finding out what happens when Country and Rock merge,  she teams up with Johnny on this Album - American VI may not be Johnny's Best (as I believe one can always get better) -however, its pretty darn close!
6304696515|2.0|This is one of a handful of truly outstanding costume dramas.  John Malkovich is the malcontent bachelor of romantic conquests, spurred on to ruin a young virgin's (Uma Thurman) hopes at a successful marriage and destroy a chaste maid's (Michelle Pfieffer) chances at happiness by a rich dowager (Glenn Close) who's promised him a chance to have an affair with her.  Follow me so far?  The dowager has no intent of letting the bachelor get his wish or fulfilling her promise to him.  It's all just a sadistic game to her.  She wants everyone to suffer. <BR>Unfortunately it is we, the viewers, that suffer the most throughout this movie.  Warner Brothers has done a dismal job on this transfer.  Aside from the usual wear and tear on the original camera negative, contrast levels are way too low.  Colors tend to be strained, garish or even, in some cases, bleed into one another.  Edge enhancement is minimal but pixelization is everywhere and really distracts at times.  The sound on this disc is also inconsistent.  In some scenes there is a ringing echo around dialogue and in other instances the sound is strident, course and grating on the ears.  There are no extras.  All around - a very disappointing transfer.
B00005JKHN|5.0|One of the better Disney animations. After years of trying, King Stephan and his wife finally have a kid. They name their daughter Aurora and throw a huge party and betrothe her to the neighboring king's son, Phillip. Right as the three fairies are giving magical gifts to Aurora (to ensure she won't grow up to be a hideous tone-deaf beast), the evil witch, Maleficent, crashes the party. She's a little miffed because somebody \\"forgot\\" to include her on the guest list. Maleficent decides to bestow her own gift on the baby, but being an evil witch, you can guess it won't be a Hello Kitty pen set. Poor Aurora is cursed to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel on her sixteenth birthday and die. Since the last fairy didn't get to give her gift to Aurora (she was rudly interrupted by Maleficent's uninvited arrival), to lessen the evil curse she changes her gift.  Instead of dying, Aurora will fall asleep until her true love gives her a kiss and then she'll wake up and live hapily ever after. ...
B00006DEFA|5.0|As a lover of great music I feel it my duty to point out that &quot;Amadeus&quot; is a movie about two people, Mozart (Tom Hulce) and Salieri (F. Murray Abraham), who never met in real life. The plot of this film owes more to the off Broadway fiction of its stage play origins than historical record. Nevertheless, the essence of the film as pure fiction is electrifying. Hulce?s performance is underrated. He plays Wolfgang Mozart as a petulant and exasperating child, mean spirited sometimes, wicked prankster, but always with a sense of being the benevolent wunderkind of playful charm, like Puck from A Midsummer Night?s Dream. The film charts Mozart?s days as court composer for the duke of Austria (Jeffrey Jones) and his stormy marriage to Constanze (Elizabeth Berridge). But Mozart?s fate is sealed, so the film explains, when he meets the resident Italian maestro, Salieri (Abraham) who becomes the jealous, vindictive and heartless usurper of Mozart?s talent. The film's tag line &quot;Everything you've heard is true,&quot; seems a bit awkward, considering that everything herein is pure fiction, but ?Amadeus? remains a film of extraordinary beauty and wonderfully poignant performances.<br />Warner Home Video has done an outstanding job on the remastering of this film. Their original 'flipper disc' left much to be desired. This time around we are given the full director's cut in one uninterrupted play with bold, rich colors, great depth of fine details and astounding resolution. The soundtrack's 5.1 reissue is equally impressive. The music track explodes. Also included on disc two, an informative documentary, some stills and theatrical trailers. A well rounded out supplement to the film.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Wow what a great movie. When I first saw this anime I loved it so much I bought it. First off the animation is top notch. It is so detailed and everything seems to work out so good. It is one of the few animes I have seen with such good animation. The story really goes into depth. It will keep you going through out the whole movie. The movie is about a warrior who one day gets cursed from a demon who tryed attacking his town. He must leave his town in search of the only person who could save him, the great forrest spirit. Sounds cool uhh? This movie is rated PG-13 probablly for alot of blood and Gore this movie is suitable for ages 11 and up probablly besides the rating.. Also definitley check out Akira and also Ninja Scroll!!!
0141439513|5.0|This will certainly be a classic forever. In this book, she proves how well she can manage a story almost entirely on pure dialogue, for she isnt that very descriptive about her characters or the places they inhabit- she sticks to the basics- but wonderfully constructs all the dialogues throughout the story. Not only are the dialogues very well elaborated and the ones that keep you reading, but in them she very subtly gives a critique about society - reflecting, most probably, her own opinions about her own time and the way society worked. A good critique of her own era.<br />And what to mention of the story itself!!! The dislike between Darcy and Elizabeth , Jane's impossible love for Bingley, Bingley's horrid sisters... she keeps you turning page after page!<br />In any angle that you analyse it, you'll find it to be an excellent book!
0385504209|2.0|Brown does it all over again: some intriguing ideas, good writing and a not so new story. For those of you who are fans, go ahead. As for the rest, you may want to either pick up a less convoluted novel or a real religion history book.<br />By the way: some people could find the novel straightforwardly offensive...
6305897786|5.0|This movie has it's 1.success, 2.failure and 3.elements i don't understand very well. 3: those elder people. This film reminds me they are a mystery to me. And about devil or Satan, i am far from knowing them so i don't know if i've ignored something in this movie. 2: How did Dean Corso's journey let him fall in...the hell(?)? i don't think it has been answered very well. If we want to let someone fall down the hell(a so deep and dark place) we have to let him do really bad things. Or don't let him do simple good things. I think we need more stronger evidence here. I guess the director tried to say someone never did things against the law and he could survive cleverly and no one(a good friend) reminded him to go back anyway he left God and was attracted by the world of evil gradually, day by day and suddenly, it is too late to do anything to go back. I think this movie needs more key details to describe this process. And this man should be obvious cleverer than all other people he's met. Yes Dean Corso is clever in this film but maybe he can be cleverer in some aspects. He must be able to tell good and evil. But because nothing can remind him to admire the good feeling when he closes good things so he always \\"forgets\\" them. The time your conscience should be awoken but it hasn't and the time you shouldn't be tempted but you have . 1: This movie has done some good work. Sometimes it looks like some of my dreams...not really looks like them but the atmosphere. I think it means it has touched our subconscious, they desire beautiful things no matter they exist in a good or evil world. Pure evil doesn't know what good is so it hurts you and takes things from you not for hating you but for it's nature. That's what the woman called \\"green eyes\\" has done to Dean. And when the story goes to the end we heard the boy's voice again. In a world we can recognize nothing even time and space, everything belongs to devil, maybe it's the only rule there. So you are actually completely alone there...only an empty soul would choose to go there...the happy innocent beautiful young boy's voice means nothing but a part of evil...we all ever experienced this don't we? ...Maybe not, but i have, even though they were very short and have passed away it's horrible that's why this movie has brought me horror. If it can make me laugh and say oh it's a funny movie these people are so funny but get afraid in the end to me it's a successful movie.
B00008H2LE|5.0|MAN. this cd is.....great. i have hybrid theory, and that's been one of my faves for a long time. LP stretches their boundaries in Meteora. They explore more music styles, without losing their trademark sound. one can tell they put in tons of work into this album, and it is well worth it! the cd comes with a thick (40-pg., as advertised) booklet with notes from the band (a plus). that booklet and the DVD gives you a little window into their world of music, it also enforces the amount of work they put into this album. the only bad thing about Meteora is that it's kinda short, 36 minutes long. though the quantity is small, the QUALITY is high. my faves on the album so far are: <br />Lying From You: awesome rock-rap fusion, as usual. i don't like  rap, but Mike is awesome. this song is one of the heavier rock songs on the album. the album overall is a bit darker than hybrid theory (which i love)<br />Faint: i love the cool violin slides on this song. i play violin, and i'm trying to figure it out! this song is one of the stylistically different ones on Meteora.<br />Breaking the Habit: chester's voice on this song is amazing....it sorta has a driven quality about it...it pushes forward. i can easily picture it as the music playing during a scene in a movie in which someone is on a mission (building something or something). also, if you're one of those weirdos who doesn't like Mike's Rap, this song is free from it.<br />Numb: wowza. what a way to end the album. it's beyond awesome. chester's voice is gorgeous at first, with Mike softly muttering....then, chester starts his trademark grating vocals while  Rob, Brad, and Phoenix rock out on the instrumentals. i LOVE THIS SONG! Joe doesn't really scratch on this song, but he does on some other songs on the cd. good DJ-ing!<br />BUY THIS ALBUM! all of the LP guys have really worked hard, and the album is the result of their work. i bought this CD the day it came out, and i haven't stopped listening to it since.
B000066NW0|5.0|Avril Lavigne... Avril... remember the name and remember her image. In a few years, Avril will probably change her look, start dressing like Britney and get together with Nick Carter. I hope not, but I think she will though. With the words \\"I was just a kid, now I've grown up\\" she will explain this 360. Personally I think Avril is what's needed in the buissnes right now. Someone who have the guts to be different. To be what everyone's afraid of. To be yourself.<BR>     But I think she's overdoing it a little bit, but that I can take. If you're having your real personality as your image, you must overdo it to be noticed. So I think Avril should keep up the good work. There's so much going on around Avril, that no one really listens to her music. Complicated was just the beginning. On the debut album 'Let Go' Avril shows she's got a lot to say. It's basically a good album, worth every penny. My favorite songs are Things I'll Never Say, Nobody's Fool but most of all the song called Mobile. But every song have a good melody, cool lyrics and Avril's beautiful voice. When you start listening to Let Go, you won't turn it off... I promise.
B00005OAIE|5.0|John Mayer's Breakthrough alblum &quot;Room For Squares&quot; is a emotional rollercoster ride of love and loss, longing and desire, childhood, fame, self doubt and confidence. Feelings that we have all come to know in our own lives from time to time. These lyrics and emotions are creativly wrapped in acoustic charm and at times bluesy rock n roll that have you singing these songs long after you have shut the CD player off. You can feel and hear the passion in John on this Disc!!
B00008H2LE|5.0|We all know that when a band sets it off with their debut ablbum, that the same thigns is expected on the next one. Linkin park completly lives up to expectations on the their second album &quot;meteora&quot;. this cd definitlt shows all sides of the band. individualy, and intstrumently. for instance, the track &quot;nobodys listening&quot;, a clear hip hop track that only mike shinoda could pull off. complete with a japenese beat inthe back round. And leading into &quot;session&quot;, mr hahn pulls off what seems to be a mere reflection of the style he used on the first cd. on the song &quot;cure for the itch&quot;.  All in all &quot;meteora&quot;, totally refelcts a bands growth. clearly shows they are comfortable in the music they make.
B00008H2LE|5.0|The album &quot;Meteora&quot; is unbelievable. Most certainly Linkin Park's best yet. The sound is a cross between Reanimation and Hybrid Theory. One song &quot;Breaking the Habit&quot; features violins. The lyrics are powerful and meaningful; I think anyone and everyone can connect with something in their own lives through these lyrics. Although this CD is only 37 minutes long I think the excellence and quality of each song makes up for the short length of the CD. I recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys rock music.
630469654X|2.0|Fine movie, but I was very disappointed in the quality of the DVD.  I already owned the VHS version of this movie and it was one of my kids' favorites.  I bought the DVD to take advantage of the better sound and to get the widescreen format.  Unfortunately, the quality of the print or the equipment used for the DVD transfer was awful.  During the climactic scene where the lovers confront the bishop, there is visible dirt that shows up as a dark mark on the bishop's vestments.  When I tried to clean my TV screen, I discovered the &quot;dirt&quot; was part of the DVD. Although the kids don't seem to mind, it drives me crazy.
6305603847|3.0|For those Pink Floyd fans out there, like myself, looking to add another great movie to your DVD collection, take note before purchasing this one.  This is a great DVD, no doubt about it; however, if you have seen the original on VHS, you might be disappoionted.  There are scenes cut, the music is changed and the movie as a whole is not as &quot;dark&quot; as the VHS version.  I was dissapointed.  I had purchased the DVD to save my VHS, it got frequent use, but the VHS is still watched and the DVD is sitting on a shelf collecting dust.
B00008LOS1|5.0|this is the best thing ever.  if you are a who fan get this cd if you have only heard the who on tv commercials and theme songs.  Get this cd right now nothing is better then this cd nothing.  Thank you pete, john,  roger and keith.  The music you made together and still make together minus john and keith.  May they both rest in peace. Your music has changed the world.  I will be forever changed by this cd.
B00008H2LE|1.0|Their mix of Lunatic Calm keeps that track sounding fresh again, it'll be interesting if that makes it to Spider-Man 2 trailers. Other than that sadly, it's just the same, PREDICTABLE pulp all over again. I find this band extremely insincere. I hope they and others like them, (and those who like them) go away and never come back. :D
B000089RVX|5.0|This is a totally awesome cd--I totally recommend it.  All the songs are great, but I really the songs &quot;Haunted&quot; a &quot;spooky&quot; song and &quot;My Immortal&quot; a slower type ballad song. Like I said though, it's hard to pick a favorite song, the're all great.
B00005JLSE|1.0|How could this movie win the Oscar while Moulin Rouge lost last year?  It must have been the weak competition.  I could have cared less about the fates of any of the characters in this film.  The songs were well executed and the cinematography was excellent, but who cares because the storyline was just terrible.  There was no character to identify with in this film so it didn't matter what happened to anyone.  They probably were gettting what they deserved.   I wonder about people who could enjoy watching such an unlikeable group of people for a few hours.  That it won the Oscar for best picture makes me wonder...
B00008H2LB|5.0|When I heard &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; I knew I had to pre-order the CD. The second I got it, I popped it in, and it's great. It's similar to Hybrid Theory, with the same good beats and gorgeous lyrics. Thus far my favorite songs are &quot;Numb&quot; and &quot;Somewhere I belong&quot; but I like every single song on the album. It's a definite must for those who liked Hybrid Theory/Reanimation. I can't say that it surpasses 'Hybrid Theory' but it sure comes close to it. It won't be leaving my CD player for sometime.
B00008H2LE|4.0|I bought the cd the day it went on sale at 8:00am right before i went to work. I was really expecting linkin park to go all out. They did. Out of the 13 tracks...6 i love the hell out of them!. Four other tracks are solid good songs and the other 3 are good but though could have been better. My fav so far is track 9 &quot;breaking the habit&quot; Which i think will be the next single. Great song and it's different. Can't help but sing with it. The best rap track in the cd is track 5 &quot;hit the floor&quot; i love it....ur gonna wanna learn how to rap just so u can lip sing this song and chesters vocals just help u let out all the agression in this track. If u want classic linkin park sound listen to track 13 &quot;numb&quot; When u hear it you will say..&quot;this is linkin park&quot; the only reason i give 4 out of 5 is cause i still think they did not beat the first cd &quot;hybrid theory&quot; dam tha cd is so dam good it's not even funny. overall for the cd i give it a &quot;hell yeah get it&quot;
B00008H2LB|5.0|When I was waiting for this album to drop, I was skeptic, thinking that Meteora wouldn't live up to the hype. After listening to this album, I was wrong! The standout tracks in my opinion are # 3, 6, and 9. A must have for Linkin Park fans.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This CD is the best one ever. They are improving really fast. I just can't stop listening to it over and over again. Though the video for Somewhere I Belong hasn't been like what I hoped for. LP rules Nu Metal.
B00008LOS1|5.0|I won't bore you with an overcooked essay. Just pick this up if you're a Who fan. The band's 1971 concert at the Young Vic Theater on Disc 2 alone is worth the money!... Keith Moon and John Entwistle truly were the greatest rhythm section in rock, helping make the Who the greatest band in the world. Moon's attack on his skins and cymbals here is fresh; he's simply at his finest, long before the booze started to slow him down. One only wishes this deluxe edition included \\"The Relay,\\" a track that's been played on the band's 2000 and 2002 North American tours, and Entwistle's equally excellent \\"I'm A Boy,\\" at song from around 1971-ish. Both cuts have yet to be remastered on individual CDs. That aside, this set is astonishing. The sound is full and has aged better than anything else out there. It's no fluke The Who smoked Jagger and Richards and everyone else at McCartney's NYC benefit show in 2001. They were the best. R.I.P. Moonie and Ox, and let's hope that Townshend is innocent.
