0451160916|5.0|They say that the movie was better than the book!  NO WAY! This book was such a great one that I had to lock all of the windows and doors because I thought that the guy was going to come and try and kill me!  I was so scared that some of it, I had to read with my friend!  When Danny started  SCREAMING REDRUM, it was so scary.  When the dad was trying to get into the  room with an ax, Danny climbed out of the window, but the woman could not  fit through!  Read the rest of this book and find out how scary and  exciting this book really is!
6300218031|4.0|In the wake of all of the hype surrounding the &quot;Brat Pack&quot; movies of the 1980's, this bittersweet teen flick gets lost in the fold.  True, it is a &quot;John Hughes&quot; film, but it doesn't contain any of  those annoying teens who appear and re-appear in so many of the same  movies.  The best part of this is the young Eric Stoltz.  His portrayal of  the somewhat shy and very sensitive Keith just makes my heart melt. (Where,  oh where, can I find a man like that?) Also, I have to mention the very  hilarious Elias Koteas as Keith's skinhead friend.  That was definitely a  strange role to see him in! Very good film, worth seeing over and over  again.
6303972810|5.0|Willow is pure adventure filled with creative villians and wonderful characters.  Full of humor and fun, this is a must see.
0767802519|5.0|I am a huge fan of Gary Oldman, and I am forever hoping that the rest of the planet recognizes him for the genius that he is.  This film is just one more piece of evidence for my case.  His performance as Norman Stansfield  is the most twisted and brilliant villain portrayal I have seen in a long  time.  That, in addition to the excellent chemistry between Portman an Jean  Reno only add to one great action packed film.  This movie is definitely  worth buying.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This brilliant collection span's Bob's early days (see the stunning acoustic medley) to the more lucrative later years (see remixes of hits). Bob's passion, energy and craftsmanship are done justice in this set. As a  Jamaican, one can really appreciate both the social commentary and the  beautiful love songs. Belongs in everyone's collection.
0553274503|3.0|I think Flowers for Algernon is an ok book. It deals with trying to make a retarded person smart.This book goes through the trials and tribulations of the effects his experiences. You get to see through a retarded person's  eyes. All he wants to be is smart. When he finally is, it is not how he  expected it to be. He has many hard times through this, but he is very  grateful that he is smart, even though it is not what he expected. Charlie  then finds out about his past, and the truth about his &quot;friends.&quot;  This book makes you think about the things that you take for granted.
B000000WHX|5.0|Definitely one of the landmark albums of the 1990's, &quot;Blue Lines&quot; is a major achievement transcending r and b into a whole other dimension.  &quot;Unfinished Sympathy&quot; is, to me, the highlight of  this superb album...gorgeous vocals...otherworldly music...a flawless song.   Along with other songs on the album, especially &quot;Safe From  Harm&quot;, &quot;One Love&quot;, and &quot;Blue Lines&quot;, this album is  a one of a kind...I haven't heard much music similar to this style...and I  like them like this...Massive Attack stands out in an industry filled with  manufactured pop...this is a breath of fresh air...
B000002UAX|5.0|People are apt to dismiss this album because they find one or two or twelve songs on it which they do not like. I always find this funny, since the idea of an album with all quality tracks on it was introduced by these  same Beatles in 1965 with &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot; At any rate, allow me to  defend the supposed &quot;filler&quot; on this album by saying that it  doesn't exist. Each song is a jewel in its own way, combining parody, wild  creative experiment, brilliant turn of melody, and mastery of just about  every rock idiom. Breathtaking. When presented with every style in the  book, are you bound to like them all? Maybe not, but this is the book. I do  like them all.
6305229449|5.0|I loved the movie.Mulan proves to be the perfect herion. Beautiful background and the computer graphix, the story proved that you can do anything if you try.and Mulan is a perfect model for kids grownups and yes  even Teens. But hey don't take my advice. I suggest that you see this  inspirational movie and judge it for yourselves.
B00003Q43A|3.0|I think Independance Day was a good film, but again it could of been better, for a start who in there right mind would send the president of the USA up to fight in a plane against an almost invincible opposition, also  will smith again plays not a good part but a cheesy part, and he's has got  a habbit of getting these parts ( MEN IN BLACK) another rubbish exscuse for  a film. But at the end of the day this film had to be made eventually, but  even i could have made a film with alot of potential like this one that  little much better. Overall it's a good family film, but  it's not a film i  could watch over and over again, and i don't think anybody in there right  mind could either.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie ever!
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon is a great book that combines both science fiction and everyday life events together. It is interesting how the characters thoughts and feelings change throughout the story. This book can lecture  you on how to be a better person and to be careful what you wish for  because it could be the complete opposite of what you thought it would be  like. The story lets you compare between the intellectual and the not  bright people. It is a good book to read that will change your mind about  some things in life.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album was very personal to me, because it contained two of the songs we played at my daughter's funeral.  The songs &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; represented our personal loss. These songs  spoke to every person who attended her funeral.  I listen to her Mirrorball  album to feel close to my daughter, Riley.  Thank you Sara for such  wonderful music.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I wasn't a Metallica fan until my middle 20s, now in my early 30s I love this stuff. I've never seen them live, but I don't know how this couldn't be their best live work ever. Who would of thought a Symphony and  Metallica, but it really works.
0385484518|5.0|Mitch Alboms 'Tuesdays With Morrie' is an awesome book.  It has 192 pages dealing with such issues as love, death, fear, and happiness.  The important characters are Mitch Albom and Morrie Schwarts.  It takes place  in the early 90's.  Tuesdays with Morrie is a story of a dying teacher and  his student.  Only the classes took place on tuesdays, the subject was the  meaning of life, and it was taught from experience.  &quot; Love each other  or perish&quot; pg. 149.  The title 'Tuesdays with Morrie' is signifigant  to the story because Morrie and Mitch always have their meetings on  tuesdays.  The cover is simple but meaningful, just like Morrie.  On a  scale of 1-10, I would rate this book a 9.  I recommend this book because I  think it is an awesome story of love and death.  It really teaches you alot  about yourself and the way you look at others.
B000002J1O|5.0|For those people who only know Peter Gabriel for his pop song &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, who think Genesis and Phil Collins are pop/rock musicians only, or those who don't have respect for them for being pop/rock  superstars... Genesis besides being pop rock superstars, they were  Art-Progressive Rock superstars in the 70's, and such albums like Foxtrot  ,Nursery Cryme and the masterpiece The lamb lies down on Broadway prove it.  But by far, the best record ever made by Genesis is this one, Selling  England by the pound. The reason:  They sound like a band, everybody has  the opportunity to show their talents. Peter Gabriel's dramatic voice and a  flute as dramatic as his voice. Steve Hackett, with his over the top  guitar, almost Van Halenish sound, with complex and lyrical solos. Mike  Rutherford showing he is great in the rhythm section with his precise bass  lines. Tony Banks with his classical influenced keyboards that give the  whole atmosphere to the recording and Phil Collins as the great drummer he  is, with complex rhythms and a great background and lead vocalist. Along  with Close to the edge by Yes, In the court of the crimson King by King  Crimson, Aqualung by Jethro Tull ,Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer's debut album,  and Pink Floyd's Dark side of the Moon, this one is one of the essential  recordings for those who are interested in the British Progressive Rock  era. Sure, Genesis made some of the best pop songs in the 80's, but in the  70's they made their best music, and this album is a statement of that.
B00000064G|5.0|To my surprise recently I saw the VW Cabrio ad with Nick Drake singing &quot;Pink Moon&quot;.  I thought, &quot;Wow, great!  More people getting turned on to Nick Drake's music, I hope!&quot;<br />Each Nick Drake album is a  little different, but each is fulfilling in its own way.  If you enjoy this  release then you will definitely want the Fruit Tree boxed set which  compiled all three of his studio albums plus a fourth CD of extra tracks.   It is well worth the money spent, trust me.<br />Pink Moon itself is way  stark.  Just the man and his acoustic guitar (with a touch of piano on the  title track).  But the songs themselves, the minute you hear them (and it's  only 29 minutes of them on this album), they sound like you've heard them  before.  <br />If you're into old REM you'll see in a few of these tracks how  they were influenced.<br />If you enjoy this release, you may want to check  out Elliott Smith's releases, especially his album &quot;XO&quot;.  It is  in a similar vein to Nick Drake.
0140277447|2.0|Don't read this book if you expect a fair presentation of facts...<br />Though I'm impressed with the research Chang has done for this book, I'm particularly disturbed by the blatant bias Chang shown in her  presentation. I thought I would read a book that would present the facts  with no spin, but Chang used the facts in a way to condemn the Japanese for  their atrocities. There's no question that the facts were self-evident,  that the Japanese commited these atrocities, but Chang's tone was sacrastic  and bitter, something you would not expect from a book like this. I'd  expect Chang, who has worked as a journalist, to present the facts in a  straightforward manner, and not present them in a bitter tone.
B000000W5F|5.0|This is a great album. I love the innovative sounds of &quot;Heaven&quot; the rocking &quot;Start Me Up&quot; and &quot;Little T&amp;A&quot;. &quot;Waiting on a Friend,&quot; and &quot;Ain't no Use in Cryin'&quot; are  great ballads. I've listened to this album as much as any album I have.  It's a great mix of soft and hard. The Stones threw it together from old  tracks, to get something out for their `81 tour. Even Keith said,  &quot;It's not really an album.&quot; But he was the chef, who knew what  the ingredients were. Some of the greatest dishes resulted from accidents  in the kitchen, that the chef never intended. And I would rate TATTO YOU a  gourmet meal. Once thing I find annoying, though, as a fan of ALL the  Rolling Stones, is that they put Mick's picture on the front of the album,  and Keith's on the back. I'm a fan of Charlie and Ronnie and Bill, too.  When I buy a Rolling Stones album, I want to see them ALL on the album  cover, (or none on the cover, like &quot;Steel Wheels&quot;). I wouldn't  want to see a Beatles album that had only John and Paul on the cover. But,  other than that bit of insensitivity on the part of Mick and Keith toward  the other band members, I love this album.
0385484518|5.0|Mitch Alboms 'Tuesdays With Morrie' is an awesome book.  It has 192 pages dealing with such issues as love, death, fear, and happiness.  The important characters are Mitch Albom and Morrie Schwarts.  It takes place  in the early 90's.  Tuesdays with Morrie is a story of a dying teacher and  his student.  Only the classes took place on tuesdays, the subject was the  meaning of life, and it was taught from experience.  &quot; Love each other  or perish&quot; pg. 149.  The title 'Tuesdays with Morrie' is signifigant  to the story because Morrie and Mitch always have their meetings on  tuesdays.  The cover is simple but meaningful, just like Morrie.  On a  scale of 1-10, I would rate this book a 9.  I recommend this book because I  think it is an awesome story of love and death.  It really teaches you alot  about yourself and the way you look at others.
0688062334|5.0|This is an amazingly witty book, full of contradictions and illusions and spells and commonplace happenings and bargains and switching and much more. Altogether one of the best books in Ms. Jones's repertoire, AND THAT IS SAYING SOMETHING.<br />A WORD OF ADVICE: READ ALL HER BOOKS--NO KIDDING, NO  JOKING, NO FOOLING--AND BUY THEM--DITTO.
B00000K19E|5.0|I have not seen the DVD of this movie yet, but I saw it once in the theater and twice so far on LaserDisc. I enjoyed it in the theater but even more so at home! I love martial arts and ground-breaking special effects,  and this movie combined the two with a suspenseful story and characters  that I cared about. The acting was, I thought, very believable and  definitely above average for an action movie. The LD has, I believe, the  same documentaries that are on the DVD and I enjoyed watching those as  well. The cast worked their butts off training for the fight scenes and  they really are spectacular.
6304083777|3.0|Okay, I  only rented this video (...King of my castle, remember?), and that's what I'd suggest everyone to do. It's cool to watch once but it's not really worth the money to buy it.
B00000FCBC|5.0|What can I say?,but it's Metallica at their best definately worth checking out if you haven't already buy these cds or cassettes asap, if you are a big Metallica fan like me you won't be sorry, I wasn't, especially with all  of the covers that Metallica has done over the years it's definately worth  the price especially since all of the original Garage Days merchandise and  early singles are worth so much more money now then they were say 10 years  ago.P.S. Just don't buy the deleted version,because you'll loose the whole  idea of what Metallica is,that's 4 guys having fun making music and having  people enjoy it.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Every song on this CD is really good.  The first time I listened to the whole thing it didn't really impress me.  Then, the second time after listenging to the words it was amazing...  now I can't stop listening to  it!  Buy it for sure!
0553274503|5.0|I believe that Flowers for Algernon was a compelling and well-written novel by Daniel Keyes. This book talks about the realities of life and how poorly we treat mentally disabled people. It is true that most of the time  we don't think of them as real people who have emotions also. Maybe not the  same emotions, but they have emotions.    I truly enjoyed reading this  novel and I would definitely read it again. In some parts of this novel I  became frustrated with the characters, but I was never bored. I never  wanted to put it down because there were always compelling facts to keep me  reading.     Overall I think that this is a perfect book for teachers to  assign to their students because everybody will be satisfied.
B000002A3T|5.0|When I first bought the album, I thought it was going to have a few good songs and the rest of the album stunk, but then I listened to the album, back and forward, it became clear to me that they can still rock despite what people say.  They still continue to use the Pink Floyd name well.  I  liked it that their songs related to Syd and Roger.  That touched me, they  never forgot about their founding members.
B00002ZMNW|5.0|I was exhausted after watching and listening to this concert. I wish I could have been there. I hope they do more shows with the orchestra. (Like here in Houston, Texas) If not, I'd pay to see it again and again, in a  movie theater. LOUDLY!
B000021XS0|5.0|This CD has so much.  I find new gems to treasure with every listen.  DT has been all I have expected and more.  If you like Mindcrime then this CD is for you.  If you are a fan of DT you won't be disappointed.  If you are  into ProgRock, then this is a must for your collection.
6305212112|5.0|I saw this movie the first time in 1992 on Pan &amp; Scan Laserdisc and loved it since then. I was very happy to hear that Universal anounced a special edition in 1998 from their famous &quot;signature collection&quot;  series on laserdisc. I immediately bought the new version and it has lots  of extra's, is in widescreen and has extra footage not available on the  original LD and VHS release. Now I bought it for the third time on DVD and  I must admit that the picture quality is even better than the already  excellent LD versions. I do find however, the sound quality on the LD  better. About the movie itself...Do we have to mention more than Jessica  Tandy (Driving Miss Daisy, To dance with a white dog)  and Kathy Bates (  Dolores Claiborne, Misery ) ! Some of the best acting ever seen in film  history. Also Great performances  by Mary Louise Parker (boys on the side)  and Mary Stuart Masterson (Immediate Family).
B000002B35|5.0|When I first got this CD (w/the blinking light), I was re-introduced to a band I had forgotten about  6 years ago.  I never heard of DSOTM, until this album and I really liked it.  With such classics like &quot;Wish You  Were Here&quot; and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, the band can withstand  the test of time.  After 30 years, they can still rock. This album will  convert non-Floyd fans to become a Floyd fan.
0446525537|5.0|Although the plot is predictable, boy meets girl, boy gets girl, boy looses girl, I found this to be a book that I could not put down.  It has also stayed with me long after I finished reading it.  The characters,  setting and author's narrative are vividly developed.  These people and  this place feel real to me.  No matter what part of the country you're  from, this setting will remind you of home and simpler times.  It will  evoke the spectrum of emotional reactions, from laughter to tears.  It  certainly reminded me of my own coming of age experiences when many of the  world's lessons were yet to be discovered.  Part of what lingers is the  disappointment when the protagonist realizes that all endings aren't happy.   I'm sure most of us can relate to that.
0767822900|1.0|My daughter is a hugh Madeline fan and loves the animated movies.  Neither one of us liked this movie.  It tried to put in segments from the book as well as have a new story line and the combination did not work.  Your time  would be better spent on the short animated movies or reading the books.
0385486804|5.0|This is an excellent true story about a part of our existance which has not been investigated all that much in modern literature.<br />Into the Wild is a story of a young man (Chris McCandless) who wished to embark on some  thoroughly testing and meaningful adventures in the North American  wilderness, which is what any average backpacker wishes to do, except that  Chris McCandless wished to take this adventurous reckless abandon to its  strongest possible extreme. It is a most remarkable story, meticulously  researched, full of mystery and intrigue, and a must for adventurers of the  wilderness, both young and old. There are also several other thoroughly  intriguing true stories of 'wilderness seekers' in the book.<br />What is it  which motivates those who abandon 'normal life' and seek to obtain a deeper  fulfilment in such things as the wildness of nature? Are those who seek a  deeper understanding of their own natures and yearnings to be seen as  'foolish idealistic wanderers' and such like? Where is the line between  reckless abandonment and truely testing adventure?<br />A life unexamined is  not worth living Socrates said, and some would argue that we can't have  truly examined ourselves unless we have thoroughly tested ourselves amongst  such things as the wildness of nature. This book is a timely examination of  these ideas, and a must for all those who are touched by wilderness, for  all those adventerous in spirit and in heart, and for those who wish to  obtain a deeper understanding of their own natures, the wilderness, and  their place within it.
0553274503|3.0|It is a well written novel but ultimately, I found it frustrating to read. It ia written in journal form, supposedly written by a very dim-witted fellow so the grammar, spelling and punctuation drove me up a wall at  first. The errors were hard for me to over-look and although they were  necessary (and all of that is  superficial anyway), I found myself  attacking the page with a red pen. The story is wonderful and everyone else  who's read it that I talk to says it's incredibly emotional (I did not find  it so, but who am I to argue with the masses?) It is recommended for it's  morals and story but not the style or writing itself.
B000007T1M|5.0|From the headline of my review you would think that my thoughts would be negative toward this cd. HA! That, my friends is FAR from the truth. Simply put, this cd kicks. Every thing from its politically orientated lyrics to its incredibly addicitive guitar sounds, this cd is just plain sweet. But  not just any kind of sweetness, I mean &quot;sugar&quot; sweet(I am sorry  but the joke had to be done)!<br />I have had this cd for over three months  and I still listen to it on a rotational basis(in between Tool, PowerMan,  and Metallica). If you don't believe Serj's views, fine, but shrugg them  off and say that he is some deranged pyscho! You can still enjoy this cd  without having to aggree with the lyrics.<br />While other people may not  understand why you like this cd, just tell them that its their problem.  This is a truely great band and I hope to see them suceed in the future.  Keep up the good work!<br />&quot;Now let's see, when is the next time they  are going to be in the chicago area. must have tickets(*drools like  mindless zombie*)...&quot;
B00002Z88D|2.0|METALLICA is definitely thinking well ahead. They are trying to be the greatest band on Earth, trying to copy U2 and Stones (I don´t like these two bands), reaching new frontiers and new audiences.<br />But the problem is  that I can´t see real heart in Metallica´s intentions, only greed. I don´t  see musicians that really wants to make evolution in their techniques, I  just see musicians with lust for money, because they lost the creativity  for real rock/metal since the Black Albun and their new songs in  &quot;LOAD&quot; and &quot;RELOAD&quot; just sucks (with a few exceptions.  Besides that, they keep ripping scorn on their old fans, telling that they  don´t care if they like their new sound or not.<br />This CD is not so great  how the band think it is, although Kamen is a genius working with metal  (see &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;, from Queensryche). <br />Well, I´m just  tired. I have resigned, and you fans should also: METALLICA from older days  no longer exists. LEarn to like this new Metallica or never buy anything  from them again.
6304467540|5.0|This is the best movie ever made
0064400557|4.0|Charlotte's Web is a good book.I would recommend it to a person who likes animals and sad stories.Wilbur is a pig raised by a girl named Fern.Fern had to give Wilbur to her uncle because her father would not let her keep  it.So now he is a  barn pig.He was  bored and lonely until he met  Charlotte, the spider who also lives in the barn. Charlotte thinks of a way  to save Wilbur from his unhappy fate. Her clever plan will surprise you in  this story.So I recommend you read this book to find out what happens to  Wilbur, Charlotte, and the rest of the  farm animals.
044022165X|5.0|Seriously I think this book is wonderful. One of the best I have ever read. Suspense, love this book is good for people who has a future for beeing a lawyer!
6305127689|3.0|This has to be one of the best films of all time.  The air sequences are fantastic, the relationships between characters are excellently played out, the story overall superb and it's got the right music at the right times.   The film gets 5 stars.  However, when we choose to buy a film, we choose  between two formats.  The DVD should have extra features otherwise it is a  waste of a format.  I realise this is an older movie, but I'm sure they  could have added something.  Hence 3 stars.  Buy it if you love the film,  avoid it if you get annoyed (like I do) at DVD's without at least 1 or 2  features.
0385495315|5.0|The history of cryptography is absolutely fascinating! From mathematics to linguistics to chicanery to espionage to the strange world of quantum mechanics, this book is packed full of great stuff. Singh also provides  easily accessible explanations for a difficult topic, and that is no easy  task. If you ever wanted to find out about crytography, and in the modern  world you should, this is a great introductory book.
0064400557|5.0|I'm a 7th grader at Osawatomie,Kansas and I thought that this book was great for little kids that can learn how to be responsible. Some things I like about this book was when Wilbur meets new friends at the farm and when Wilbur gets there and doesn't even notice Charolette, and then about a  couple scences later he looks up and he sees her. After a little while  Wilbur finally says something about her web. Somethings I dislike about  this book is that Wilbur had to go stay with other pigs that he didn't even  know. The part I realy didn't like was when the little girl threw a  tempertantrum and ran out the door to go find her pig. I would recommend  this book to my aunt because she lives on the farm and she likes pigs. If  you like pigs, well this is the book for you.
B000031XCR|5.0|This album includes seven new songs.  Celine's voice is one of the most amazing I have ever heard.  The greatest hits portion of the disc could have included more songs but the addition of the new songs makes it very  worth while.  Those who have been giving this album a bad review seem to do  so more out of jealousy of Celine's popularity than from any legitimate  critique.  You will like this album.
0800177177|4.0|what can  say,film shows what it was.  liked it more than the other films  ever seen.
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie has basic flaws in its premise, but if you overlook them (or don't notice them, like most people) there's a lot of great action and style.  The DVD version is great, with cool menus, extras, etc.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Isn't it strange that almost every time a funny, entertaining, intelligent film like this one comes out, it does poorly at the box office only to later achieve its deserved classic status when it's released on home video?   Kevin Spacey gives one of the best of his always cool, always creepy  performances; personally, I think he should have been nominated for best  actor since everybody else seems to be supporting his contribution to the  film.  If this movie has one flaw, it's that the main bulk of the story is  too complicated to understand upon a first viewing--you probably won't  understand much of what goes on until the second or third time you see it,  after you already know the movie's big secret.  And about the movie's  surprise ending, the people who claim that The Usual Suspects dies once you  know its tricks are completely incorrect.  Think about Psycho or Citizen  Kane or The Empire Strikes Back, movies that all end with mind-warping  twists like this one; they're actually more entertaining when you watch  them again because you get to see how the filmmakers build up to the big  conclusion, and because you get to trace all the little clues that make the  final revelation seem painfully obvious now that you already know what it  is.  A great movie for those of you who liked Pulp Fiction (the guy who  played Zed even has a role!), and one of my favorites.
0553274503|3.0|This novel had the potential to be an excellent book. Unfortunately the author did not use it all. As you start the novel you are refreshed by the reading a new plot which is not already a clich. This novel is about a  young retarded man who is given a chance to increase his intelligence  through medical means. And as he takes his risk not only does he become  much smarter he discovered secrets in his past. As he's learning to live  with himself he becomes arrogant and self-involved And this is were the  author lost my interest. I thought the beginning was great but as it  developed it started to become repetitive and frustrating. The author had  no means of showing Charlie (the main character) what life is really about.  He doesn't talk about how one notices the human species characteristics as  we grow different they are in real life than in our heads. He doesn't  believe in communication, or in, acceptance (which is very annoying for the  reader). You learn to see Charlie become obsessive on problems until you  feel like yelling at him. This book was not the greatest, but the beginning  does make you think for a while.
0671027344|4.0|The Perks of Being A Wallflower is a very good book. It touched on how a &quot;typical&quot; teenagers life is. Whether it is to please his friends or to impress a girl, Charlie goes through it. He has a friend who is gay,  and a friend that likes punk-rock music. He goes through happiness and  heart-ache. This book shows the struggles of a rollercoaster ride trough a  teenager life. It has ups and downs. The difference is with Charlie is that  he lets the downs get to him too much. <br />Throughout the book, Charlie has  contact with drugs. Either it being accidentally or on purpose. By that, I  mean, the whole brownie incident was accidental because Charlie had no idea  what was going on. Then, there are times when Charlie goes to Bob and buys  pot. The use of drugs destroys Charlie more. I think it is a main reason  for him going insane. <br />Also, Charlie experiences sex. This is another  factor that destroys Charlie. He witnessed a girl being raped in his room  as a little boy and almost ends up doing it with Sam. Also, with his sister  being pregnant, it gives him a first-hand experience with love going wrong.  <br />The death of his Aunt Helen also plays a role. Death is hard to cope  with, especially being as young as Charlie was when it happened.  Unfortunately, Charlie blames himself for his Aunt's death. He says that  since his birthday is close to Christmas, his Aunt getting him two presents  is the real cause of her death.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you don't have a DVD player yet, this disc is the reason to get one.<br />The digital sound is so clear and crisp you can hear every single bullet casing tinkle on the floor.  The music soundtrack is loud but not  deafening.<br />What really make the disc stand out are the extra features.   (Curiously, there are no movie trailers included, although if you have a  DVD-ROM player, you can access the website directly.)  There is a feature  on the making of &quot;The Matrix,&quot; but that's only the beginning.   The &quot;Red Pill&quot; feature is a short feature on the way they filmed  &quot;bullet time,&quot; which is the slow motion yet not slow motion film  technique.  The &quot;White Rabbit&quot; feature is the best; the entire  movie runs, but at certain key sequences -- those where you really want to  know, &quot;How did they do that?&quot; -- a white rabbit blinks on the  screen.  If you trigger the DVD remote, you get whisked to another short  documentary on how the scene was filmed.<br />As for the movie, it's  outstanding as well.
0553274503|3.0|Although Flowers for Algernon was a well-written, creative book, it was definitely not one of my favorites. The way that the book was written through progress reports and entirely from Charlie's point of view was very  interesting, yet somewhat confusing. The idea of the story, a retarded man  gaining intelligence through futuristic surgery and writing of the  experience, was great. What I think the problem was that the idea didn't  really develop the way it should have; many of the characters as well as  events were described very vaguely, and that confused me. What this book  didn't have was the ability to keep me wondering; I really had no desire to  pick up the book and keep on reading, and I probably wouldn't have if the  book had not been assigned to me in English class. The point is, I did  enjoy the book to some extent, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone nor  would I ever read it again.
0767800958|5.0|The 'Tango Lesson' is an emotional, passionate, and oftentimes humorous film. It portrays a very real relationship between a film writer and a dancer who come together to teach each other about their work. The message  of this film is that the boundaries between life, love, art and work can  often blur and meld into one beautiful masterpiece. There is a superb,  shimmering chemistry between Sally Potter (the director) and Pablo Veronn  (the dancer) that makes the film's plot even more credible and engaging.
B000002AV5|5.0|The unique sounds of Sade (the person and the band) is the rarest of treasures in the smooth jazz, soul and blues arena. . . Sade's voice is intoxicating!  She wraps her emotions around every note and her voice just  evaporates into thin air.  Most people 'breathe in' then 'breathe out' -  Sade creates a continuum with her voice and becomes one with each musical  composition.  I'm an enormous fan of jazz, soul and the blues. . . Sade is  my favorite in a field of incredible talent . . . don't waste another  second, put this compilation CD, 'The Best of Sade', in you shopping  basket!
0374172897|5.0|This book is so wonderful that you will want to read it again and again because you will want to focus on the use of each and every word. I don't really care how many books you have read this one takes your breath away.  It is literature in the purest sense. It makes you want to read Mrs.  Dolloway and this book at the same time. Mr. Cunningham visited my Literary  Society a month or so ago.An author with a real brain that is willing to  share his talent with the rest of us. Arn't we lucky!
0449227545|2.0|I've been a follower of KF's work since &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot; and have read nearly all his paperbacks. My favorite by far must be &quot;Pillars of the Earth.&quot;<br />As many of these readers have pointed  out, there are major problems with this novel. The most glaring of which is  the plotline.<br />In the journalism industry, we are taught one basic rule  about writing a story: do you understand your assignment to the extent that  you could chat with your neighbor &quot;over the fence&quot; about it and  have it make sense? If not, go back and do your research.<br />Okay, it breaks  down like this: a bunch of forgotten hippies from the 1960's cause a series  of earthquakes with oil-drilling equipment to stop the State of California  from taking their commune, and a beautiful FBI agent must stop them to win  fame, career advancement and love(!). That about right?<br />I'm from Northern  California, and the area has a flavor all its own. KF captures some of it.  (I especially liked the segment where the N. Cali residents justify staying  in California with the imminent threat of another earthquake  looming.)<br />But KF's strongest area is historical fiction focused on  England and/or Europe. His war dramas also ring true with most  readers.<br />This experiment with modern American culture tended to fall  short, as did his previous work in this area, &quot;The Third  Twin.&quot;<br />Folks, if you need your KF historical thriller fix, pick up a  copy of &quot;London&quot; - it's bland in places, but it will keep you  going until KF decides to write again about his homeland.
B000002LFU|2.0|I've always believed that the best recordings are the ones that you can play several years after its release and still like.  Although many of R.E.M.'s ealier recordings, such as &quot;Murmur&quot; and  &quot;Reckoning&quot; fall into this category for me, I have mixed emotions  about &quot;Green&quot;.<br />This CD, R.E.M.'s first for Warner Bros., marked  a radical turn in the band's musical style that I didn't find  objectionable.  What I did find slightly annoying, though, was the  obsession with environmentalism that colored much of the work on this disc.   What was merely annoying in 1989 is painfully cloying in 1999.  That keeps  me from really liking the majority of the songs, although &quot;Pop Song  '89&quot;, &quot;You Are the Everything&quot;, and &quot;Stand&quot; still  stand out as well-crafted tunes.  Most of the rest of this CD feels awash  with a &quot;save the world&quot; sentimentality that seems to have been  largely left behind after &quot;Out of Time&quot; was released the next  year.<br />Not that this is a bad thing or that I have any problems with  environmental consciousness.  I just prefer that it not permeate the  artist's work.  I get the impression from some of the group's interviews  and articles that Buck, Berry, and Mills merely put up with Stipe's  indulgences, no matter how silly he made them look.
B00000J7SO|4.0|I bought this, my first Dylan album, when it was first released - I was all of 13 yrs old. I was perplexed. <br />Shortly thereafter, I  bought Blonde on Blonde and HW61 -then I decided I hated this record.<br />Some 25 years later I bought the CD (the vinyl long since gone).<br />I think this record is weird, dark and delightful. So if it's Classic Dylan you're after maybe you should look elsewhere. But to my mind this record is every bit as imaginative and strange as any Beck release. <br />-And as far as this Neil Diamond thread running thru these reviews -look at the Puffy Shirt he's wearing as evidence. ( And rememeber Robbie Robertson produced Diamond's Beautiful Noise record released around the same time -and Dylan and Diamond shared the same stage for The Last Waltz)
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon is a novel that will keep you intrested all through to the end. This novel is about a man who is 32 yrs. old, Charlie, who is retarded and with  an operation he becomes a genius. Many things happen to  this man during the process.Including things that he remembers from his  past, and things that happen to him when he becomes a genius.  Everything  is explained in a very detailed matter. The book takes you into sharing the  experiences that Charlie goes through and this is what makes it a wonderful  book to read.  You will learn about how it is to live in two different  ways, in a retarded  way and then when he becomes a genius, and everything  that he realizes.   This book shows us that intelligence is not everything,  and that if someone is not smart or retarded they are not less than anyone  esle in the world. This story had a great way to interpret human values,  differences and importance. I loved reading this book and I highly  recomended.
B000002C1X|5.0|&quot;Another Brick In the Wall Pt. 1&quot; and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; are perhaps the worst songs on the album.  They also happen to be classic rock anthems.  This just shows what an incredible album this is.   If you don't have it, you don't have it.  Just buy it.
0671027344|3.0|This book was an insight into the complex world of a high school student. It was the essence of high school--parties and football games, smoking and drugs, sex and sexuality. I believe everyone can find a level on which they can relate to Charlie's struggles or his revelations. I think in general,  society forgets, or maybe ignores, that high school isn't always like an  episode of &quot;Saved By The Bell.&quot; There aren't always perfect  school dances, and perfect relationships, and not everyone is popular.  Charlie's life was realistic. In this aspect, I found the book to be  wonderful and refreshing. There are too many books and sitcoms that portray  high school idealistically. I enjoyed this slice of  reality.<br />Unfortunately, I grew weary of Charlie's immaturity; his  constant emotional turmoil was also tiring. It was realistic for Charlie to  be insecure and confused, but it got to be somewhat predictable. Charlie's  mood swings rarely swung up to cherrfulness. His tendency to cry at the  drop of a hat was even more annoying. I do commemorate his sensitivity;  people could learn a lot from his compassion towards others. But his  depression began to depress me!<br />Despite these unpleasant characteristics  of the book, I am glad I read it. I recommend that others read it as well.  But I suggest that it be read quickly, like how you swallow your medicine.  It has many excellent points and it also exposes some of high school's  unsuspected truths. But Charlie's crybaby habits and emotional rampages may  try your patience.
B000002J03|5.0|Like the Beatles, Pink Floyd, and (sometimes) the Who, Led Zeppelin's albums are without peer.  Just buy them:  they all rock.  Don't compare this album to others, it stands on its own.  I wish today's music could be  like this.  &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; vs.  &quot;Baby One More  Time&quot; =  End of the World!
0671578278|5.0|The continuing adventures of Miles Vorkosigan... on the home front.  Miles has fallen in love with a young widow who happens to be adamant about not marrying again. Undaunted, Miles carefully plans his courtship the same way  he has planned military campaigns in the past.  This book is one laugh  followed by another as Miles finds out that love and war can't be won the  same way. His dinner party is an absolute riot!  This book is great, but  without a knowledge of the characters' histories you could get lost in  who's who and what's what.  I recommend you read other Vorkosigan novels  first, then read this one.   I couldn't put this one down until I had read  the whole thing.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is a must-have for any serious rock fan.  Is it better than &quot;The Wall&quot; or &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; or even &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot;?  It doesn't matter:  all these albums are rock  essentials and should be enjoyed in their own right.  &quot;Dark Side&quot;  is an exquisite revolutionary album that must be heard.  It speaks to all  mankind, but not all mankind can hear it.
0786101970|5.0|I first heard about the Long Walk in 1993 while I was recovering from a serious bicycle accident. I had shattered my left hip completely and after a total hip replacement, learned to walk again but the long term prognosis  was not good. That's when I heard about Long Walk. I had to search a lot  and finally located the publishers Lyons &amp; Burford in New York. The  original version was written by Ronald Downing of the London Daily Mail,  who heard about Slav and contacted him to get verification about the  Yeti.<br />The heroic tale of Slav,Kolemenos,Zaro and Smith finally reaching  India has done more for me than any form of therapy. It motivated me and  drove me to push myself. I have, since my accident, hiked in the Himalaya,  both on the Indian and Nepalese sides, reaching elevations of 20,000 feet,  trekked along the Great Wall in remote parts of China. I would like to hear  from people that have corresponded with Slav. We need more heroes like Slav  and Kolemenos today more than ever!<br />Ray Umashankar Rayu@u.arizona.edu
B000002C1X|5.0|The true test of a greatness is and always will be:  some people love it and some people hate it.  I fall in the former category.  This is one of my top five favorite albums of all time.  I enjoy almost all of &quot;the  Floyd's&quot; stuff, including the pre-dark side sixties' albums.  Having  said that, let me say:  I can't stand the &quot;I only like the cool  not-as-popular music&quot;  people who trash &quot;Dark Side, etc.&quot;  but worship &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot;.  Perhaps some of these  people really prefer that earlier music, so I respect their opinions.   However, I think that some people only profess to like that earlier music  because they never like anything that is popular.  &quot;Sid Barret was  such an eccentric genius, Floyd sucked without him.&quot;  Yeah, whatever.   Perhaps &quot;The Wall&quot; is slick commercial rock; however, it's damn  good slick commercial rock.  Just because it's sold 20 million albums  doesn't mean that it's not good.  I appreciate art, whether it be in music,  literature, painting, dance, etc.  I wouldn't claim Stephen King to be  Melville, but I love him anyway.  Why?  Because he's damn entertaining,  he's stood the test of time, and he speaks to my heart (at least  sometimes).  Pink Floyd does the same.  Sometimes when I'm down and lonely,  I'll have a few beers, throw on &quot;The Wall&quot;, sing along drunkenly,  and realize that others are in the same boat I'm in.  I'll always feel  better the next day.  I can't say that about many other albums.  I'm in my  early thirties now and I have forsaken many of the classic albums of my  youth for classical, jazz, etc.  The greats (Floyd, Beatles, Zeppelin,  etc.), however, never grow old.
B0000028RR|5.0|I think that Rage Against the machine is one of the coolest bands around.  From the hiphop and punk lyrics to the rock music,  this band would rate a 10 out of 10.  Most of the people don't like this band, but I do.  If  anyone out there wants to try something new than buy this cd.
0446910201|5.0|You can read the Book as I did when it was published circa 1975, or you can read the lyrics by Bob Dyaln(&quot;Hurricane&quot;) which perfectly sums up the entire content of the former. Rubin Carter went through hell;  may he finally find the peace he so richly deserves.
B000021Y77|5.0|RUN LOLA RUN is a masterpiece in editing.  This flick is a normal-lenght feature film, and yet the entire time you feel as if you're flying through it.  The quick cuts and camera shot selection is superb, and fit perfectly  with the techno-esque soundtrack.  Overall the technical side is  stereotypical German-- outstanding quality.  Oh yeah, and the story line is  amazing too!  One of my favorites to come out of Europe.  A real winner!
B00000K2SC|5.0|I personally believe this is one of the best movies I've ever seen and probably ever will see. The special effects, cast, and story line are all fantastic! After seeing this movie I was left in awe. This is one  show that will be in my collection forever.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I hate to admit this, but this is the first Moby album I have heard and I have not been able to stop listening to it.  There are particular songs that I think are stronger but the album as a whole is incredible.  Each  song stands on its own yet coalesces with the one before and after it  smoothly.  The transitions between songs are great .  Basically it works.   It is difficult to get a hold of an album these days that you can listen to  straight through without skipping through songs.  You can with Play.   Moby's talent shines and his genius for sound is apparent.  I have now  become a dedicated Moby fan, but I can't seem to stop listening to Play  long enough to check out the other albums.
B000002U82|3.0|The album deserves to be lauded for it's innovative production, its breadth &amp; sonic scope, and its thematic congruity.  Truth be told it's an icy yet breathtaking listening experience.  From a song by song basis  however, it's not all first rate.  'Brain damage' is especially good,  'Breathe' is nice, 'Money' rocks as does 'Time' but some of the  instrumentals don't quite measure up.  'Us and them' has a rousing move  into the relative minor key (&quot;...forward he cried...&quot; etc) which  is actually very pedestrian and as a whole the album is produced to make  the songs sound better than they really are.  I think as far as 'soul' is  concerned, Syd Barrett's 'The Madcap Laughs' is streets ahead.  'Dark Side  of the Moon' is a good album; moreso, it's a masterful accomplishment in  sound production.
B000031XCR|5.0|Her albums have been always great including this  one. No matter how many times you've heared her songs, they are still worth to listen; Even if they all gathered in one CD as a new released album!
6304994540|5.0|&quot;The Big Labowski&quot; is the best movie of the decade as far as Im concerned.  I don't know how some reviewers said the acting was bad or that the dialogue was bad.   This movie is the funniest movie I have ever seen.   Since I saw it for the first time in Santa Cruz, Ca last year I have seen  it a minumum of once a month. I Reccomend this movie for anyone who wants  to laugh.  This is also a good movie to get high with. The &quot;Dude&quot;  was great, and I hope there is going to be  sequel.
0767819594|4.0|Ok I don't know how some people can't like this movie. I thought it was good, the acting and the music is good as well. I would suggest you buy this. You'll be satisfied.
B00000JZIK|2.0|Part of the 'cult' appeal of this film, I'm fairly sure, lies in its trick ending. This is all very well, but it's not a trick ending in the sense that it provides any clue to preceding events. This reduces it to nonsense.  The Usual Suspects is well acted, though shoddily filmed, clearly  low-budget and cringingly self conscious. The premise itself - five  criminals rounded up by a character who may or may not be Kaiser Szoze to  commit a crime that we are never sure was actually committed - is the stuff  of graduate film school. It's clever, but finally not clever enough. If  you're going to take the best part of two hours to play an elaborate hoax,  make sure the hoax is worth waiting for. This isn't. Don't give youself a  headache trying to figure out what the ending really means. It doesn't mean  anything at all. This, apparently, is Bryan Singer's 'trick' on his  audience. Let's hope that Bryan is quite finished.
6304994540|5.0|This was one of the best movies I've seen in years. Great comedy, great dialogue, plot; it had everything. This was also John Goodman at his best. Some good advice? Smoke up and get high during the dream sequences. Oh man,  what a trip!
B00000JZIK|2.0|Part of the 'cult' appeal of this film, I'm fairly sure, lies in its trick ending. This is all very well, but it's not a trick ending in the sense that it provides any clue to preceding events. For all the central  characters to have spontaneously exploded would have been as relevant,  certainly more entertaining to watch. The Usual Suspects is well acted,  though shoddily filmed, clearly low-budget and cringingly self conscious.  The premise itself - five criminals rounded up by a character who may or  may not be Kaiser Szoze to commit a crime that may or may not have been  committed - is the stuff of graduate film school. It's clever, but finally  not clever enough. If you're going to take the best part of two hours to  play an elaborate hoax, make sure the hoax is worth waiting for. This  isn't. And as for the 'the trick is that there is no trick' school of  thought; Sorry, that doesn't cut it either. Something either works or it  doesn't.
6305095442|2.0|The sole survivor of the first massacre in the cabin returns with his girlfriend, and the whole thing starts all over again. This time there is quite a bit chainsaw mutilations and wise cracks from the cast. Just about  as much gore as the first, but no nearly as original. Shocking ending.
B0000296SI|3.0|Okay, I'll be short and to the point. Although this album is great, I just don't think it lives up to previous albums (namely, Dude Ranch). Sure, they have some great songs on here, such as 'Mutt' and the unstoppable radio hit  'What's my Age Again?', but I can't really listen through the entire CD  over and over again. Also, I think a lot of people now are loving the CD  just because of the guys' looks, but you have to see beyond that, into the  music. I think Dude Ranch is a bit better, but if you really love the  bands' music, you should consider this one too. I liked most of the songs  on here, but you have to like this sort of music to really appreciate it.
6305171769|3.0|Michael is after his sister Laurie Strode (Curtis) again, this time she has a new identity and career. Halloween seems to be returning to the  stage of thrills, chills, and suspence. Although I would like an answer as  to why Michael just stopped hunting down his niece's baby that he was after  in Halloween 6 and just decided to go after his sister again. Overall, an  improvement in the series and is entertaining enough for the average  halloween fan. Supposably the last installment. But the way movies are  these days, anything is possible.
B000002KHF|5.0|This is an absolutely awe-inspiring album, one of those rare feats in which every element comes together to create a true whole that is greater than the sum of all its parts.  <br />There is not a bad or &quot;filler&quot;  song in this collection.  While all inspire images of great delight, there  is to me nothing quite like the experience of &quot;Into the Mystic&quot;.   The lyrics, the vocal delivery, and the arrangement, which in and of itself  evokes great longing.  It is one of the most beautiful recorded  performances I have ever heard--sublime, ethereal, and unfulfilled all at  the same time.  If you haven't heard this, believe me, you have missed  something truly wonderful.  Its use in the film &quot;Immediate  Family&quot; (with Glenn Close and Mary Stuart Masterson dancing to it)  alone makes it worth seeing.<br />For dreamers, seekers (of anything), and  music lovers, this album is absolutely required.
6301562925|2.0|Myers is after his niece yet again. But this time he stalks a bunch seriously annoying teenagers on the way. Really just Halloween 4 with a touch of graphic voilence. Michael seems to be going from a serial killing  stalker to a hardcore homicidal maniac.
630562285X|4.0|I bought this movie because I heard it was really good (it is), in addition to which AMAZON stated it was in anamorphic format. When I received it I noticed it was in letterbox format, which made me very  upset.<br />Nevertheless it is very good. <br />It contains no graphic language  and Sean Connery plays his role very well (which I expected) as a master  thief.<br />I recomend (ignor the letterbox format)
6305137293|2.0|Why do they always turn a classic into rubbish because of the lack of creativity and effort in the scripting of sequels. The story starts off with a hopeless plot of Michael Myers stalking his sister Laurie Strode  (Curtis) in a local hospital. There is allot of gore and brutal death  scenes, but a big lack of imagination. A real disappointment.
B000009MF7|5.0|A breathtaking performance by probably one of the greatest pianists alive today. The piano concerto for the left hand is a dazzling performance, heroic, while keeping all the nuances. The orchestra fits well with  Zimermans performance. Would recommend it very much! Can't wait myself to  hear the new release of Zimermans' Chopin concertos
B00000G3Q4|3.0|A group of city kids that go up into a cabin for the weekend start chopping each other to pieces  after they get posessed by evil spirits. One of the most goriest and violent movies I have ever seen. The hardcore  horror fans will love it.
0345389409|4.0|I read Anne Rice's book &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot;, about two years ago.  It was fascinating.  I was amazed all the way through the dialogue with God, Lestat and Memnoch.  How was this even thought of.  I couldn't  get enough of it.  Those who were upset because they thought it was bashing  Christians (I am Catholic) shouldn't be.  This is fictional horror, and if  they want fact or Christian-like novels, these are not the place to be  reading.  Once again, Anne shows her great creativity in writing.  I am  always waiting for the next book of the Vampire Chronicles.  How  intreresting it would be to sit and talk to Anne to try and understand what  is inside her to write.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is simply my favorite album of the year next to Barbra Streisand's &quot;A Love Like Ours&quot;. It's just so classy and romantic and wonderful. Will I ever be able to listen to anyone else's version of  &quot;Let's Face The Music and Dance&quot; other than Krall's? (Well,  maybe, Fred Astaire's). Her album is worth every penny and more.
0345389409|4.0|I read Anne Rice's book &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot;, about two years ago.  It was fascinating.  I was amazed all the way through the dialogue with God, Lestat and Memnoch.  How was this even thought of.  I couldn't get enough of it.  Those who were upset because they thought it was bashing  Christians (I am Catholic) shouldn't be.  This is fictional horror, and if  they want fact or Christian-like novels, these are not the place to be  reading.  Once again, Anne shows her great creativity in writing.  I am  always waiting for the next book of the Vampire Chronicles.  How  intreresting it would be to sit and talk to Anne to try and understand what  is inside her to write.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is the greatest record ever made.  Period.  If you don't own this, you don't deserve the right to own records.  I could rave endlessly about each track, but sadly would have nothing new to say that Ian MacDonald,  Mark Lewisohn or someone else hasn't said already.  A lot of people who  review this album tend to rave about its &quot;experimentation&quot;,  &quot;influence&quot;, or its &quot;importance&quot; in pointing out  &quot;where the Beatles were going (i.e., Sgt. Pepper)&quot;.  To me, the  key to this record's appeal doesn't take any thought at all.  It's the  SOUND of it, the absolutely shimmering and effervescent noise of pure pop  music being made in a way that's never been duplicated--the warmth of the  Beatles' voices coming together or the way the band just FITS on the whole  album--that is actually intoxicating.  This was the first full-length  record I ever bought (July, 1979--I was 8) and everything since seems like  a little bit of a let-down.  To this day, each time I listen to it I could  swear that I feel light-headed.  Some highlights:  George's and Paul's dual  guitars, and Paul's bass, on &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot;; Paul's  bass, George's backwards guitar solo, and John's vari-speeded vocal on  &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;; Ringo's drumming (and drum sound) on  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; and &quot;She Said She Said&quot;;  McCartney's vocals on &quot;Here, There and Everywhere&quot; and &quot;For  No One.&quot; The fact that no one, including Lennon and McCartney, has  ever come up with a more perfect set of pop songs doesn't hurt, either.  If  Rubber Soul didn't exist, no other record would come close.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Man, it is a hot one. Carols Santana is still the man. I first heard him in 69 at Woodstock; he was unbelievable and still is. Oh yeah I guess the little teeny boppers think the man is old and that the other very talented  artist are carrying him. Thats like saying Bono carried Frank Sinatra. Rock  ON Carlos! We love you! Also Everlast appears to be an extremely talented  songwriter and lyricist. His song &quot;Put your lights on&quot; is  outstanding. Not surprising after the excellent &quot;What it's like&quot;.
079073804X|5.0|best and first evil movie, plus also the original and still scariest of all demon movies.
B000000HZT|5.0|Excluding some of Peter Gabriel's work, this is the best Genesis solo effort, hands down. It's a beautiful CD with haunting keyboards, lyrics, and melodies. The vocals are FINE. If you like &quot;And Then There We're  Three&quot;/&quot;Duke&quot; era Genesis, you will cherish this gem.
6300248569|5.0|Some of the most beautiful lines of dialogue are butchered in the A&amp;E version.  This version preserves the beauty of the language, which makes the novel great.  I also much prefer Elizabeth Garvie's rendering of the  main character to the A&amp;E version, although I agree that Mr. Darcy's  character is very wooden.  Otherwise, it's the better of the two.
6305609691|5.0|The helicopter scenes are amazingly shot, it comes together superbly. The eery music does it's job to a T, it creates an altogether synister image of Kurtz, epitomised in the sillouette photograph, we are left guessing what  he has become, and why until the crescendo of the film.<br />Apocalypse Now  touches on elements of this war which Platoon did not, and is an excellent  abstractual depiction. Recommended!
B000002H97|5.0|Without a doubt, Metallica singlehandly changed the direction of metal in the 90's. They were no more underground, or no more unheard of on the radio, Metallica broke all the metal rules and finally got their music across to the public, however they drastically changed their music style.  No more double bass drums, guitar time changes, thrashing riffs, 8 minute song epics all replaced by radio ready songs (3-4 minutes), ballads, sugar-coated vocals.  Hey  MTV loved this, 10 millon new fans loved this, and I loved it. A true  Classic from beginning to end without a dinger in-between.
0671027344|4.0|STEPHEN CHBOSKY'S THE PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER IS NOT ONLY ENJOYABLE, BUT ALSO EDUCATIONAL.  SO MANY ADULTS WONDER WHAT THEIR CHILDREN THINK AND WHY THEY ACT THE WAY THEY DO.  THIS NOVEL DISPLAYS MANY OF THE OBSTACLES  TEENAGERS FACE.  BUT INSTEAD OF IT OCCURING IN THE LIVES OF MANY, IT ONLY  HAPPENS IN ONE.  THE NOVEL SHOULD BE TAKEN WITH A GRAIN OF SALT, JUST  BECAUSE ONE THINKG HAPPENS TO ONE PERSON DOESN'T MEAN IT WILL HAPPEN TO  EVERYONE.  THROUGHOUT THE NOVEL THE MAIN CHARACTER ACTS IN WAYS THAT MIGHT  ANNOY THE READER, SUCH AS HIS CRYING.  THIS CAN BE CONSIDERED A SPEED BUMP  IN THE READING, ONE OF THE REASONS WHY IT DOESN'T DESERVE FIVE STARS.   SINCE THE NOVEL FOCUSES ON THE LIFE OF A TEENAGER AND HIS PROBLEMS, THE  READING WAS ENJOYABLE IN THAT I, THE READER, CAN RELATE TO OR UNDERSTAND  WHERE THE CHARACTER CHARLIE IS COMING FROM.  MANY OF MY CLASSMATES FROWNED  WHEN OPENING TO THE FRIST PAGE TO FIND THAT THE BOOK WAS WRITTEN IN A  SEQUENCE OF LETTERS.  TO ME THIS WAS EVEN MORE EXCITING.  IT GETS TIRING  READING NOVELS WITH THE SAME FORMAT, CHAPTER AFTER CHAPTER, PART AFTER  PART.  THE LETTER FORMAT WENT WELL WITH WHAT THE AUTHOR WAS TRYING TO GET  ACROSS TO THE READER, WHAT BETTER A WAY OF UNDERSTANDING THE LIVES OF  TEENAGERS THAT TO HEAR IT FROM ONE.  OVER ALL THE NOVEL WAS EXCITING AND  ENJOYABLE.  WALLFLOWER GAVE THE READER THE CHANCE TO ACTUALLY READ ABOUT  AND ASSET A TEENAGER'S LIFE.  SOMETIMES PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE JUST HOW HARD  IT CAN BE, AND CHBOSKY DID A MARVILOUS JOB OF DEMONSTRATING THAT POINT.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I haven't been a fan of the Chili Peppers for too long (BSSM, to be exact), but after listening to BSSM, I went back and bought Mother's Milk, which I think is one of their best, right behind BSSM. The songs on  Californication really are hard hitting and remind me of some of the older  stuff, but then maybe the last 2-3 songs sorta disappoint. Great album if  you're a huge Chili Peppers fan (like I am now), but if this is gonna be  your first Chili Peppers album, think again....go get BSSM instead.
B000031WD9|5.0|This was the funniest movie of the year. It shows how teenagers grow up thinking about sex in a comedy way. With the parental sides of it also. I saw it Twice in the Theaters and couldnt wait for the video release. Once I  heard about the Unrated version It made it even better. Absolutely the  movie of the year and the best in a long time. Has nothing to do with  &quot;Something About Mary&quot; It is an all time original.
B00000J2PH|4.0|As many people I've heard most of the song in this CD, sang by others, but there's something else about this one. At first hearing I was disappointed with the thin production, and Carole King singing is not always perfect.  However I recommend you to listen to it when the sky outside is gray, when  you got the blues, it would sound a whole lot deferent.  I guess music is  all about feeling and being in a certain mood, suddenly you won't care  about the thin production and you'll know that she sings from the heart.  Every time I here this songs, it takes me back to my parents house  listening to music with my older sister I miss those days, I love this  album. Hope you enjoy your journey to the past.
038532653X|5.0|This book was so good I bought one for a friend. I thought this book was good because it is exciting and I never new what was going to happen next and couldn't put it down. I thought Skellig as a character was quite scary  at first but when I got to know him, he was nice.  I found it a bit  difficult to understand to start with but then it got really exciting.It  was a sad ending and I was disappointed that such an excellent book had  come to an end.
0553274503|3.0|Flowers of Algernon was a nice book, it was different from others. It was about Charlie Gordon, who was mental disable and wanted to be smart really bad, more then anything in the world. Later on her realized that it's not  everything to be smart, that it made some things worse. He also learns many  things about his past and his family. It wasn't the best book I read but I  think it's worth reading, because the overall story was good. They're where  just some parts I didn't like.
6305363668|4.0|'Blade Runner' is really a phenomenon in the sense that never before has a would-be screen Leviathan bombed so badly, so quickly upon release. There's so much awe with which to hold this movie that that awe has itself become  sickeningly cliched over the years, as if the ranks of 'B.R.' admirers have  swelled beyond the intelligentsia clique that was there in the beginning.  But, to be fair, the mystique that has formed such a powerful undercurrent  over the years does indeed exist. Firstly, the casting is as flawless as  the academic merits of the story. Director Scott, still fresh from his  'Alien' phase, handled himself well in the driving seat, pulling class A+  results from a heavily invested-in set. The violence is sufficient for the  film and the pacing worked just fine.      So what went wrong after all  that? The answer could well lie in the novel feel behind 'Blade Runner'.  It's not sci-fi per se but, rather, is a shaky hybrid of Forties Film Noir  and a new type of Science Fiction which had really only been seen before in  the likes of 'Outland'. 1981 and 82 audiences weren't ready to receive this  marriage of styles - the counterfeit glory of the 'Star Wars' saga had  poisoned far, far too many minds for a break with formulaic convention to  be welcomed. Also, the picture was derived from the short story 'Do  Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep?' which proved that it had an immediate  grounding in a thinking man's world. Unfortunately, Thinking men's films do  not sell well when put alongside Hollywood sugar-coats. The masses are just  too vain, surface-oriented and gluttonous to want to strain their brains  too far and there were far too many cerebral elements in 'Blade Runner' to  pass this acid test. The heavy leanings toward symbolism are alone proof of  this (your average everday moron just can't accommodate stuff like this in  his own mind). It goes to show that a good idea and a good film  transcription of that are far from being enough to make theend result sell  well. What makes 'Blade Runner' a classic is simply that it has been a  solid catalogue seller on video over the years. Thanks in particular to the  1992 tenth anniversary re-release, Ridley Scott's gem seems to have been  well and truly granted a posthumous type of respect, almost born of guilt  from those who had lacked the mental stamina to take it in '82.       Last  point: Vangelis's soundtrack (the 1994 CD release) is otherworldly to hear.  It is but one more piece of evidence to demonstrate that the film was an  expensive gamble that failed initially (through no fault of its own) but  then bounced back because its redeeming features were too numerous and  fundamental to let it be defeated. This is an anti space soap-opera and  therefore the perfect antidote to all this neo 'Star Wars' and 'Star Trek'  hype. It is also Ridley Scott at his peak. 'Blade Runner' stands to this  day in a category all of its own - a one-off curiosity - the oddity  blockbuster with a small 'b' which is loved by many, more because many of  them think it's cool to love an underdog rather than because the vast  majority want to discuss the work's actual content. Nobody wants to be seen  to hate it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is my first Metellica CD, and I am never a fan of metal rock.  But this album suprises me. I heard it in a local Tower Record store and had to buy it immediately.  I really like the low bass sound alone with the  haunting orchestra.  The music just makes me wanna shake my head and jump  up and down. It's like I am a teenager again.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis is the most prolific artist of our generation. Her music is deep in emotion, and thought. This album like none of her before captures the raw passion of her music. When Alanis sings live, you can't help but feel a  wide range of emotions. Each and every song on this CD is great. I  especially like all three of her new songs, &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappucinno&quot; has to be one of her best songs yet. And her cover of the  Ploice classic &quot;King of Pain&quot; is awesome. I love all her CD's but  this one has to be my favorite. I am awaiting her single from the DOGMA  soundtrack &quot;Still&quot;. Alanis keep on making the music that inspires  our generation.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Metallica pulled off a pretty good album here. Some of their songs like One and Battery could have been dones a little better. Most of the other songs were done pretty good and is a most enjoyable expierence if you are a  fan.
B000020617|2.0|Not nearly as good as The Colour &amp; the Shape.  I loved every song on that CD, and bought this one in good faith.  With the exception of &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; and &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot;, I didn't really  like any of the other songs. Maybe I'm just not a Foo Fighters fan....
0553108034|5.0|George R.R. Martin is the last person I would ever have suspected of a secet desire to write heroic fantasy. Perhaps that's why his Song of Ice and Fire is so unexpectedly great. Martin, known better for his hard sf, draws together threads from dozens of books, transforming them as he goes:  I've noticed his hat tipped to Tad Williams, Robert Jordan, Poul Anderson,  Lois McMaster Bujold and Dave Duncan as well as Feist and Eddings and the  whole pantheon of fantasy writers. This is a huge work, packed with  characters, and written in a realistic, uncompromising style. Feudalism,  with all its glory, honor, and starving peasants, has lasted for a  millenium on this world; perhaps due to the weak grip of religion, or  perhaps because of the decade-long winters caused by the wobbling axis of  the planet. In the longest winters, the eerie dwellers in the frozen north  can extend their sway into the lands of men, slowed only by the exiles of  the Night's Watch who guard against the dark powers. It's all about honor  and might of arms: you can gain a kingdom by force, but can you hold it  without the consent of the governed? Does a lord deserve fealty if he rules  unjustly? There are no clear-cut heroes in this book, and no simple moral  choices. The evil and the less-evil rule, and only those able to play the  game of thrones survive; and as the humans struggle for advantage in the  warm southern kingdoms, the brutal wolf-winter gathers and inhuman  creatures with glowing blue eyes mass to crush the warmblooded intruders  forever. Across the sea, little Princess Dany and her dragons may be  mankind's only hope. Caught between the grinding armies and maneuvering  lords, a host of interesting characters rise and fall, advance and retreat,  weep and rejoice. Fire and Ice? Love and Hate? All the extremes are here.  The White Walkers in the north can match humanity hate for hate, sword for  sword, strength for strength. Winter is coming, and only honor and love can  burn hotenough to turn it back.
B00001MXWZ|3.0|Watching this movie was reminicent of the days when TNG was a series.  It was rather like a tv movie, with all the drama and humor expected of star trek.  Unfortunately if this is all the next gen crew have left to offer,  they'd be just as well handing the next movie over to the DS9 cast.  This  wasn't quite action packed or dark enough to make it as a movie.
0553108034|5.0|If you like your epic fantasies dark and gritty and above all realistic, this book is for you.  Be warned, there's lots of savergery, violence and sex, but that's part of the realism.  Don't look for any knights in shining  armor here.  There are no simply good and evil characters, each one is very  human.  You'll find yourself rooting for each of the main characters even  as they plot against each other.<br />700+ pages seem like a lot, but there is  a lot of content there, and it makes a satisfying read.  The plot is  complex without getting too convoluted.  My only complaint was it was  difficult to keep track of the myriad of minor characters, especially since  many of them are related and share the same names.  An appendix at the end  helps somewhat.
0553296981|5.0|I cannot get my hands off Anne Frank`s diary. It only took me two weeks and a half to finish reading this book when i was 14. This book showed the sorrow of a 14 year old girl as she and her family hides from the jews. Her  thoughts and insights about her suroundings captured my mind because of how  she expressed her reactions and feelings on each and everyday fears she  lived during the Holocaust. You can personally feel her agony as you go  through her book. What really stunned me is her possitive attitude towards  her struggle. I read the book during my spare time and it would always keep  me thinking after I read through her terrible circumstances. I was amazed  on how a young girl at her early age can be so inspirational until today by  her maturity in life. This book is devastating and depressing as she  developes self awareness as she grows up. Her extraordinary condition will  bring you tears and closer to her. I recommend this book to anyone who  needs possitive thinking in life, just how Anne Frank expressed her  possitive attitude towards her hardships in life.
0553274503|1.0|The book, Flowers for Algernon, was not what I expected it to be. The book started out well with details and background information, which made me get interested in it. As soon as I reached where the operation happened, I did  not want to finish the book. Maybe the book is considered bad by some  people because it is nothing like or near our current technology. If a book  with the same plot as this on was currently made, it would be more  interesting. The book could have been fewer pages and would be better and  more concise. Much of the book included pointless scenes and parts where  one would get tired and fall asleep. It has good ideas and much potential  but it is definitely not what a good book is like. I wish the book had more  problems and they were solved rather than being longer and not as good. One  of the big problems I had with the book, Flowers for Algernon, is that it  never fallowed through with its ideas. For example, the part where his  co-workers at the bakery make fun of him when he is retarded, they do not  accept him during his intelligence period, and they completely defend him  when he becomes intelligent. The writer never explain why this happens and  pointlessly rambles on about them during the bakery scenes, but this  eventually led to nothing but a longer book. I would not recommend this  book to anyone unless they like old-fashion books about science fiction. I  believe this book is senselessly long and not useful. It is badly written  and would not catch my interest. I read it only because I was forced to.
0380796090|4.0|I had just come off reading the Trials of Tiffany Trott and wasn't in a mood for another &quot;Poor me, Why am I single?&quot; book.  And at first, that's what I thought I was getting.  But I gave Claire a chance (and the  writing style -- it took me a while to get used to that kind of narrative)  and I ended up really liking her and the book.  The characters and quick  prose kept me very interested.  I wouldn't recommend this book to someone  looking for a serious piece of literature, but if you're looking for  something fun and light -- this book is great!
0767802659|3.0|This movie was, at best, a loose interpretation of Heinlein's classic novel. Sure, there were bugs (lots of bugs) but the characters were developed in a rather shallow manner, and the relationships were not  investigated deeply. In fact, if the scriptwriters even read the book, I'd  be surprised.
B000002A46|4.0|This CD has great renditions of favorite X-mas songs, plus Mariah's amazing voice.  A tad too religious to give it five stars, however.
0385312083|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut has written another masterpiece.  The captivating story of Billy Pilgrim, a fictional character who is modeled after Vonnegut himself, and his experience during the fire bombing of Dresden in World War II.   Vonnegut takes a satirical look at the atrocities of war and the  ill-effects war has on a persons mind.  Vonnegut makes a comedy of a  serious matter while sticking to the subject and getting his point across.   The vanity of life is examined through the eyes of Billy Pilgrim, who  pictures memories as events that should not be forgotten.  Death in this  novel is not seen as a loss because the deceased will always remain in your  mind and a memory is just as good as your being in the presence of this  person.  The novel is centered on the meaningless of life, but not that  life shouldn't be enojoyed.  In my opinion, this book is a must for anyone  who has ever wondered what the meaning of life is, or why a person is  saddened by personal loss.  So, if you are literate I recommend that you  partake in this delightful piece of literature.
B000006TSC|2.0|From Their first recording to their fifth, Camel created albums of great quality.  Camel, Mirage, Snow Goose, Moonmadness were all recorded by the original quartet.  Each of those recordings presented intricate, fluid, and  sophisticated musical interplay.  The compositions were strong and the  performances stellar. The vocals, and on occassion the lyrics, were not  always up to the standard of the rest of the band's considerable talents  but managed to not spoil things.  Andy Latimer and Peter Bardens were  capable of some inspired soloing and collaboration. The rhythm section was  as tight a unit as one could find in British progressive rock.  Their fifth  album, Rain Dances brought former Caravan bassist Richard Sinclair to the  group. This recording was of a different flavor than previous efforts but  was exceptional as well. Sinclair is also present on this recording,  Breathless, but he is of little help.  Sadly it is a fitting title.   At  this point Bardens and Latimer were at odds musically. Such tension seldom  finds it's way to performances in the recording studio.  Other than the  Beatles few bands fiddled successfully as Rome burned around them.  Camel,  could no longer sustain the chemistry that made them such an intriguing  outfit.  This tepid, uninspired and uninteresting recording is the first of  many weak efforts by this once talented band.  Give this one a pass...Simon
006017322X|4.0|I'm a German exchange student in high school, reading it in my English class and I find it to be excellent.  Its nice to learn about early times in America and compare them to present times as being something unknown to  me.  The story enthralled me and it kept my interest.  This is an excellent  book that I have found delightful and informative to read.
B00000ADG2|5.0|It's very interesting to read all the reviews here but I had to stop when I read that one about Brandy being better -- Brandy the whisperer?  The one one whose voice is thinner than her?  Anyway, I digress.  This CD has  rested on my changer next to Hillary Hahn's Bach solo violin CD for the  past year and I don't know when I'll ever take either off.  Pure tone,  variety of expressive colorations to the voice, doing past masters proud --  that's what both CDs have in common.  And a lot of hype (sometimes the hype  is right).  Other than that, all I can say is, If it sounds good, it is  good. And it sounds fabulous (despite the annoying classroom interludes,  but hey, just skip to the next song).
B000002G26|5.0|Bryan Adams Please forgive Me, is one of the best love songs of this time.  It is going to be a classic in my home.  A love song never put it better.
0060254920|5.0|My sons pre-school class read this book, and I haven't stopped hearing about it yet.  This book was easy to follow, and the pictures were the best!
B00002Z88D|4.0|Well, I have been a fan of Metallica since &quot;Kill em All&quot;, and let me begin by submitting a snicker towards those self-righteous 'real Metallica fans' who blast Metallica for being sellouts.  I mean, I remember  the same rhetoric upon the release of &quot;Ride the Lightening&quot;.  How  can one dub himself a real fan while at the same time putting down  Metallica's latest works?  Anyone see the contradiction?  If your tastes  have not evolved beyond the '80s hair genre, that is your issue. If you  want to talk to some sellouts, go talk to the Backstreet Boys.<br />I  personally agreed when Lars publicly questioned the directions the band  could take after &quot;Justice&quot;.  There are only so many directions a  band can go after placing themselves into a creative box, as so many would  have them do.  So, after giving themselves some elbow room with  &quot;Metallica&quot;, the band has been able to branch out by elaborating  on a solid, well established platform of techniques.  If one cannot  acknowledge  Metallica's talent after viewing them in this light, one needs  only to look at all of the bands that tried the same thing and failed,  merely because they lacked the proper creative pallette.<br />So, Metallica  continues this trend with S&amp;M, and upon first listen, I was surprised  by the interpretations of Michael Kamen and the SFO; of course, not always  pleasantly.  On tracks such as 'Devil's Dance', Mr. Kamen seems very much  in tune with Metallica's power, while at other times he leads the SFO into  chaotic rants, which do not always work.  Sometimes the guitars seem muted  or nonexistant, and sometimes the SFO seems to suffer the same fate.  This  may be due to the acoustics involved with extracting a balanced sound for a  live recording, though, so I give them the benefit of the doubt.  All in  all, I am pleased with the new angles the album has given old classics like  &quot;Puppets&quot;, which I believe was Metallica's true motivation.  So,  good job guys on another gutsy move, and I await with baited breath your  next studio effort.
B000002KNU|5.0|This is my favorite Talking Heads album. It is eerie,nervous,paranoid and beauitiful all at once. I think it has some of the best overlooked guitar work ive ever heard on any album.I feel like im being transported to  another place when I play it. The lyrics are fantastic.This album invokes a  certain strange mood that I have never heard on any other record since. A  true original!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Like many people what drew me to this cd was &quot;Here With Me,&quot; the theme from the show Roswell. But I was totally blown away by all the tracks especially &quot;All You Want&quot; and &quot;I'm No Angel.&quot; Dido has  a voice that borrows its lilt from the Cranberries' Dolores O'Riordan and  its dreamy smoothness from Sade. With an overall sound that resembles a  soft core version of trip hop's Morcheeba, this is the type of soulful pop  that should be dominating the radio waves. Most definitely the best cd I've  bought all year.
0452270073|5.0|You don't read Regeneration for a Grisham-like plot.  You read it because it's a moving, compelling, thought-provoking book that is also very difficult to put down.  Regeneration is written with a clarity, simplicity, and readability that might be somewhat deceptive.  What drives the book is  something more subtle than just its plot or some simplistic &quot;war is  bad&quot; moral.  If there's a condemnation in the book, it's not just of  war; it's of all the things that lead to war and underlie it.  But the book  doesn't seem to be about just war; it is about all the ways in which people  find their beliefs challenged by what happens in war, and how people try to  resist the changing force of war.  <br />The book is really beautifully  written and very moving.  I found myself becoming very attached to some of  the characters, particularly Sassoon and Owen, whose poetry I read when I  was younger.  <br />It's just a great book.  I think maybe it's especially  good if you have read some of the WWI poetry, which is amazing.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This Album is AWESOME!   Filter's got some some the best tunes anywhere and i recomend it to anyone!
B000021Y7X|5.0|This must be the reason why dvd was created. Excellent visuals, fantastic audio, and cool extras. Avoid the tragically awful cd of the soundrack and get the dvd instead. Highlights include the Byrne on Byrne interview, the  bonus &quot;Big Business/I Zimbra&quot; and having the whole movie in  digital quality. If the original release of this movie has any place in  your memories, you should own this dvd.
0385493800|5.0|This book has got to be one of Grisham's best books.  I loved this book!  The whole plot was wonderful and the characters were strong and determined.  I loved the setting, being from Brazil myself, and I was surprised at the  acuracy of the facts about Brazil and the Pantanal.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon is a very sad novel. There are a lot of problematic themes in it. This makes it exciting yet the more you get invovled in it the more you relate these symoblic ideas to your life. Charlie Gordon is a  retarded, 32 year old man. He always tries to do his best in college but,  he always gets stuck because of the horrible childhood he had.  Charlie  goes through a lot of experiences. Charlie is recommended from the  Beekman's Community College the most ambitious student, so they studied him  and noticed that he was good practice material for an operation that could  make him smart.  During the book he experiences loss and frienship,  including love. He always keeps his chin up and he  goes through the rough  times and memories God has granted him.
B000022TSF|5.0|The ending of China Town is Noir perfection.  The admonitions of the uncomprehending detectives for Jake to 'just forget it' while Jake has had his world split in two is unforgettable.  The movie leading up to this  moment is gorgeous, funny, suspenseful and very true to Hammet and  Chandler.  It's in my top 10 movies.
0783226063|5.0|David Lynch's (Eraserhead, Twin Peaks) adaptation of Frank Herbert's defining saga 'DUNE' may very well be, if truth be told, the most epic enterprise, and in many ways the most rewarding, of Lynch's work thus  far.<br />Dune is a difficult movie to review, if only because there is no  easy (or maybe I should say simple) way to look at it. At its core though  DUNE tells the story of Paul Atreides, a young man whose destiny as a  Messiah of worlds echoes that of such classics like Brazil or Spartacus,  where seemingly ordinary men become extraordinary beings. This however is  an over-simplification, DUNE is built from a collection of stories and  legends that form a unique whole -perfectly captured by Lynch.<br />Make no  mistake, this movies begs to be seen in its original 2,35:1 widescreen  format. Freddie Francis' photography of the barren Dune world is simply  amazing, and even though some of the special effects may seem old when  compared to today's standards, the amazing designs by Anthony Masters will  simply take your breath away. The DVD edition, while not anamorphic, is  very well presented, sporting a very high quality video transfer and  excellent sound. A brief, if yet interesting, collection of production  notes are also included, as well as cast and crew bios and the original  theatrical trailer in widescreen format.<br />DUNE seems slow at times and it  may not be for everyone -but then that's always been the trademark of  Lynch's work, I think. Still, DUNE is an excellent example of how a complex  story can make a Sci-Fi movie be truly epic. Couple that with the amazing  designs and the beautiful photography and you got a winner here. Highly  recommended.
6305627401|4.0|When I saw South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut in the theatres, I was impressed.  While the usual graphics are admittedly crude, and expletives  free and easy, the plot was clever and, like the series, the writers  stretched the line of good taste past the critical point, but not too far  that I was personally uncomfortable.  Kenny's role in the movie is  hysterical, as is the subversive relationship between Satan and Saddam  Hussin.  The movies largest asset is its post modern self awareness; in  many respects this movie is about its own struggles to be produced and  released despite criticism about its content from outside groups; the  issues of free speech that it brings out are important, and the usual South  Park fans will be amenable to that message.<br />About the DVD, however, I was  a little disappointed.  The only extras were the (horribly funny) trailers,  and the only dubbed language is French (although it is funny to watch it in  French with English subtitles).  I wanted a little more bang for my buck -  at least the making of South Park, or an interview with Terrance and  Phillip.  Instead, all I got was a great movie, and the \\"Uncle *****\\" song  small screen - that is the usual stomping ground for the kids anyway,  right? If you are any kind of South Park fan, this should be on your shelf.
B00000K19E|5.0|Anyone not loveing this movie is not a true scifi fan at all.  This the kind of action I have been waiting for since the Bruce Lee movies.  The special effects will send you out of this world.  The story line is right  on time!  It is the best action movie of the 1990's!  Also it is a new plan  of film making, the way the brought animation to real life!  You have to  add this movie to action collection!
0451169514|5.0|I thought It was excitind and extremely horrifying!  It is one of my favorite books. I couldn't put it down! It's one of the most amazing book of the century! I recommed this book to the ages over 13.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Overall I rate this CD as OK, BUT COULD BE BETTER. Limp has a lot of talent, but I feel some of it was wasted on this CD. A few songs are excellent, another few are just good, and a couple suck. It is worth buying  for those few excellent songs though!
0440219078|4.0|In the novel, THE GIVER, the author Lois Lowry uses futuristic details to create an excellent story. In the begining, everything in the Sameness community is perfect, there is no fighting there is no pain. But there are also no choices. Every citizen is assigned a job in the community, a spouse, a life and destiny. There are no changes and things always stay the  same.    Until the day that Jonas, a twelve year old boy is selected as the  new Giver.&quot;He has been selected.&quot;He is faced with the pain and  true pleasurable memories that most people in his small controlled  community have never felt or could ever imagine, Jonas is also faced with  the choice whether to live in a world with no feelings and no choices or to  leave the sheltered life he has been used to for so long and pursue a life  of love and happiness that the people in his community have never  experienced.The choice is his.      With the small child, Gabe, who has  been living at Jonas' family unit, Jonas makes his decision. He decides  that the sweet child deserves a life outside the community. They make a  dangerous escape and for days they discover new and exciting things they  have never seen before. They have left the comfortable place where meals  and supplies were delivered right to their doors, to a place where they are  starving and cold. But Jonas keeps going, he knows that there is something  waiting for him and Gabe at the end of the road. He would rather die than  live without the true feelings of life
B000002TWN|4.0|despite prince,marvin gaye,smokey robinson,stevie wonder&amp;donny haithaway influence all over this disc d'angelo still has his own voice in there.he is a good writer and instrumentalist.vocals have moments as  well.but i look foreward to vodoo.he will be around for a long time.
0060273224|5.0|Sabriel is one of the best books i have read all year. The characters are extremely vivid. It is a very believable book. The plot is very intense, you just can't put it down!
B00001OH1S|4.0|Great CD, WAY TOO SHORT!  The music here is fantastic, there just needs to be more!  You're just getting into it and it's over!
B000000WFU|4.0|This music is hypnotic and captivating for me, which is plenty.  Criticisms about nonsense words are nonsense to me.  Many musicians use such nonsense words without drawing criticism for it, from jazz scat  singing to the Beatles.  The vocals sound roughly polynesian to me, and I  don't care if the words make logical sense, but only how they sound.  They  sound wonderful, buy the CD, it's a gem.
B00002E233|1.0|This is truly a bad film, and the blame must fall entirely on director Renny Harlin. I listened to his narration on the DVD after viewing the film for the first time, and my suspicions proved accurate - virtually every  scene containing any kind of character development was deleted or trimmed  for reasons of pacing.<br />What remains is an embarrassing concoction of  laughable dialogue, crippled logic and the most phony looking computer  animations I have seen in a film. The believability of the story hits rock  bottom when the sharks start to systematically herd the survivors around  inside the sinking platform. The swimming predators know so much about the  layout of the facility, that they have actually figured out a way to sink  it.     Harlin is a great action director, no doubt about it, but I have my  misgivings about the man when it comes to horror. You can't rush an  audience into a state of fright. You NEED the expositional shots and  character insight to really care and feel for the people in peril. Who  gives a rat's behind if Stellan Skarsgård's character is eaten by a shark,  when we don't know him any better than LL Cool J's parrot. <br />The  mechanical sharks look incredibly good, but the biggest flaw of this film  is the Computer Generated ones. I'm getting a tad allergic to this stuff  now. If you can blend live-action and computer images seamlessly, fine, but  if it looks this fake - forget it. I was fooled a couple of times in  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; but the only time I was fooled in this film, was  when I was told it was worth the price of admission.
B000002U9W|4.0|If you cringe at the opening riff to 'Money', there still may be hope for you.  The first half of this album is amazingly creative and lovely.  A.H.M. is a true composition, not merely a rock song with an orchestra  tacked on.  I would recommend this disc to any type of music fan, not just  to those who like classic rock.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've had this since it first came out and I never get tired of it. Tracks 3, 5, 7, 10, 11, and especially 13 are my favorite. I'm in my 40's so this is music I grew up with, but my 18 year old son loves it just as much,  especially track 13. I play it in my car all the time.
6305513406|1.0|Whoever made this disc turned off their brain before doing it.  I borrowed a friend's discs to look at these early shows and am very happy I did not buy them myself.  While I enjoyed the programs and found the quality very  good, it is ridiculous to have only two episodes on a disc that could fit  many more.<br />If you don't already know, DVDs are not going to be any kind  of permanent archival medium -- it is a convenient way to look at video  today.  When the disc is full of shows that are as good as the old Star  Trek episodes, I will buy them.<br />I would not buy this disc.
0553213105|4.0|My first experience with Jane Austen was an unfotunate one since, like many people, I had her prose rammed down my throat by a dodo high school English teacher. To make matter worse, the instructor, Ms. Z was a retired  hippie who wore burlap sacks to school and worshipped Freud. At one point  she had me write a paper comparing the three principle characters to the id  (Lydia) the ego (Elizabeth) and  the superego (Jane). At the tender age  when a youth's mind is ripe for absorption and exploration, mine was  already acclimated to the professional academic practice of ideological  regurgitation of canonical literature.<br />But years later, I saw the mini  series and really enjoyed it. I promptly reopened the novel after many  years and discovered the intensely liberating sensation of rereading  required highschool texts without pedagocical intrusion.<br />Austen's  portrait of Victorian society is a sociological gem. And this time instead  of taking my teacher's word for it, I actually found the book enormously  funny. Much of the language, environment, and social circumstances are  completely out of date, but in order to appreciate them, one must read the  book in context. Some argue that it is too verbose. But there were no  malls, cars or televisions in Victorian England. People entertained  themselves, among other ways, by reading and writing and corresponding with  each other. Words played heavily in the day to day lives of the middle  class and aristocracy.<br />I recommend that anyone who detested this book in  high school, reread it and enjoy it. And I recommend that educators present  this book in context so that students can appreciate it's humor, language  and historical perspective.
0385484518|5.0|I finished reading &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; just in time to see the TV movie.  I found the movie to be mildly entertaining, but the book is a treasure. Mitch Albom does a great job of capturing Morrie's wisdom and  perspective.  In this day and age, most of us get too wrapped up in our own  lives, worries, and problems, and forget to step back and see the big  picture.  This book helped me see important issues in a different light.  I  would recommend this quick read to anyone.
B000003S1A|5.0|Listening to this CD reminds me of the kid who's so enchanted with his wind-up toy that he takes it apart to see what makes it go.  The band that Fripp has assembled here is really tight, and in the faster numbers you can  appreciate how well the performers mesh together, as in the title track,  almost like an exercise, as the guitar lines begin to overlap and grow more  complicated, then shift an accent or skip a beat to continually liven  things up.  Wonderfully listenable.  &quot;Frame by Frame&quot; is my  favorite, though...two contrasting moods dominate, a hyperactive burbling  bass (must be using a loop--can any human play this fast?), a very  metallic-sounding guitar chiming in and downward cascading of drums, offset  by the verse, keeping the same pulse, but with the instumentation pared  down and Adrian Belew's smooth, gliding vocals soaring above--a rest, then  back to the controlled chaos again.  Belew as lead singer seems really  right for this group as well; his voice conveys a real amusement, whether  it's from the charge he gets from the other players, or the strange patter  he's made to deliver--and who wrote these words anyway?  &quot;Elephant  Talk&quot; contains a lexicon of synonyms for talking, in alphabetical  order (up to E, anyway); again, an exercise, but medicine easily digested.   There's some sort of on-the-couch confessional in  &quot;Indiscipline&quot;--true fans may know what it's about--I don't, but  that doesn't make it any less interesting...&quot;Thela Hun Kinjeet&quot;  is the one where  the singer is &quot;researching&quot; the bad  neighborhood, is accosted, and lives to sing the tale.  &quot;Matte  Kudasai&quot; and &quot;The Sheltering Sky&quot; are the slow ones, and  provide a nice contrast--they sound rill good--&quot;She sleeps in a  tent&quot;--huh?  All around, this is an ambitious project that is most  accessible; great for guitar freaks who aren't obsessed with solos. There's  not one song on the CD that disappoints,and they're all terrifically  executed--hence, 5 stars.
0061092037|5.0|I admit to being a little biased because Jeffrey Archer is my favorite author, but this book is simply fantastic.  As with his other books, Archer did a great job with the development of his characters. By the end of the  book, I felt like I personally knew each of the characters.  I would highly  recommend this book to seasoned Archer readers and to anyone looking for an  entertaining, fast-paced read.
B00000K2SD|5.0|I had to watch this movie twice to fully understand it, but it doesn't get any better than this.  I haven't seen a movie this good in a long time and I watch a lot of movies. TThis is sure to be one of my all-time favorites.
B00000IPAX|5.0|&quot;What's My Age Again&quot; drew me in; but the whole CD kept my attention!  Its a great album that doesn't get old.  Love the lyrics.  Congrats Blink on a great project!
0790729369|1.0|Oh my God! What the heck was going on in the head of whom ever made this movie come to life? This is the worst flick i have seen in my entire life. I can't find the words to express the pure hell i went through when i saw  this with my girlfriend. If i wasn't nice guy i would of snaped that dvd in  half and throw it in the fire. To all people; save yourselves(Expecially  the guys).
B00000DHR0|4.0|IT'S VERY,VERY,VERY GOOOOOOOD ALBUM I LIKE IT TOO MUCH , AND I CAN'T STOP HEARING IT. WHEN HEAR THIS ALBUM , OR CELINE'S VOICE, YOU FEEL WARM,PEACE,LOVE,AND ALL FEELINGS TOGETHER. I LOVE YOU CELINE DION. IF SOME  ONE NOT AGREE WITH ME PLEASE SEND ME AT: yas_sy@hotmail.com  or  yas_2000_sy@yahoo.com thanx everybody.
068484267X|3.0|My book is called Angela's Ashes. Its written by Frank McCourt. The main characters of the book are Aunt Aggie, Grandma, Alpie McCourt, Malachy McCourt, Michael McCourt, and Frank McCourt.  The story takes place in  the 1940's. TheMcCourt's live in Limerick, Ireland in a beat up old house  on Roden Lane.  The story is about Frank McCourt living in a poor  family. All he wants to do it make it to America. If I could of wrote one  line it would have bee this,&quot;A mothers love is a blessing no matter  where you roam keep her while you have her, you'll miss her whe she is  gone.&quot; page 357  The cover is a picture of a little poor boy. I  think that the little boy represents Frank McCourt. I think that the title  of this book represents Angels and how when she look at the fire there is  never anything there but ashes.  On a scale 1 to I would rate this boof  a 5. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone because it is very sad and it  wasn't something that really sparked my interest.
B00002EPJH|1.0|What a disappointment! This is not even elevated cocktail music. Given this repertoire one expects, at the least, some new harmonic insights or a bit of pungency rather than the treacle which characterizes Jarrett's  interpretations. Sounds like he was hit over the head with a New Age stick!  I chucked the CD after a few listenings.
B000001Y79|5.0|Gwen Stefani has a great voice.  She has a unique style that you don't hear to often.  This is the type of music to listen for getting away from the same o' stuff you hear everyday.  It all starts to sound the same, and  I guarantee this is worth buying.  And to all the other reviewers who made  comments about her makeup, sorry, but that has nothing to do with her  voice.  Who cares what she looks like.  She can sing!
B000002BSG|5.0|This is just one of the best cd's out on the market today.  Most all of the songs are good.  The only songs that I think are sorry is the two instrumental.  But I am not in to that kind of stuff any ways.  But if you  like good hardy music than this is your album.
B0000029AL|5.0|Aerosmith's self titled debut gave fans a glimse of things to come.  It's opening track &quot;Make It&quot; was the song they had been using to open shows as you can tell by the lyrics, &quot;Good evening people welcome to  the show&quot;.  The next track &quot;Somebody&quot; was written by Tyler  and one of his former bandmates when he was in a group called Chain  Reaction.  It's got great guitar lick from both Perry and Whitford.  The  song's highlight is a vocal/guitar harmony in the middle.  The next track  is a rock n' roll opus.  &quot;Dream On&quot;( a song written by Tyler at  the age of 17) has had as much if not more importance to the development of  rock than Led Zeppelin's &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;.  &quot;One Way  Street&quot; the band's next song has heavy jazz influences as well as  heavy harmonica solos.  Next, another classic, &quot;Mama Kin&quot;, the  first song Steven Tyler ever wrote, contains one of the most memorable  guitar riffs in history thanks to Brad Whitford and the heavy rythym beats  of bassist Tom Hamilton and Drummer Joey Kramer.  In fact Steven believed  in the song so much he had it's name tatooed on his arm.  The next song  &quot;Write Me&quot; is just your average aerosmith rocker.  For anyone  that's familar with their music &quot;Write Me&quot; is in the same stable  as songs like &quot;No More, No More&quot; and &quot;Chiquita&quot;.  The  following track, &quot;Movin' Out&quot;, is the first Tyler/Perry  songwriting combination.  Done with mostly accoustic guitars, the song is  great. Especially when the drums start to kick in.  The final track is a  cover song od the old Rufus Thomas, &quot;Walkin' The Dog&quot;.
078062369X|4.0|No doubt, this is the best vampire movie of all time. Action is rolling and it's storyline strong. Ranks with Batman as one of the greatest comic book movies ever. Why four stars? Some may find the violence disturbing.
B000002O7C|3.0|&quot;Hymn To Red October&quot; was my key motivation to get this CD. In fact, I was looking for it for a long time until I found it from Amazon. Two points I want to mention are: (1) Where is the english translation for  the song? I do want to know what they are singing. (2) I was disappointed a  bit about the recording. According to the description, it was recorded from  an analog tape. Apart from this two points, I would have given it a 5  stars.
6304082428|5.0|Yes the mini-series is long and a bit pricey, but it is well worth it!  This has become my favorite movie, ever.  Jennifer Ehle's portrayal of Elizabeth Darcy transformed this character for me.  I had read the novel  many times before watching the movie.  After seeing her I had to go back  and reread it again.  She truely shined in this role.  And Colin Firth's  facial expressions during the infamous proposal scene!  Priceless!  If you  are a true Austen fan, this is a must see.
B000002540|3.0|Let me first say this, for the record:  BOC is the finest pure rock band ever to record.  So why would I give this a 3-star rating?<br />It's simple.  Look, how many people buy a live recording of a band they are not familiar  with?  If you said &quot;nobody&quot;, you'd be right.  Let's face it, it's  the original, polished studio recordings that draw the majority of us to  these bands initially, and BOC is definitely polished.  So, by all means,  go see BOC live in concert if you want the full effect.  But please, don't  waste even one sheckle on a Live album!  If the original studio songs  recorded live on this album weren't so damn good, the very fact that this  is a live album would instantly merit this a 1 star rating.  Can anyone  really tell me that &quot;ME 262&quot; Live can get in the same arena with  the Digitally Remastered studio version on Secret Treaties?  Hardly.  On  the other hand, &quot;ME 262&quot; Live, while you are actually standing  twenty feet from the Band-- now that's another story. Live music, without  the Band present?  Don't bore me.<br />By the way, there are exceptions to  every rule.  Humble Pie's &quot;Rockin'the Fillmore&quot; comes to mind.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion is among the most gifted singers of all time.  This CD shows what a magnificent voice she has and her ability to express different feelings in her songs.  &quot;All the Way&quot; &quot;The First  time...&quot;, &quot;If Wall Could Talk&quot; are the highlights in this  album.  Way to go, Celine!
630562285X|4.0|I thought this was a great movie.  I see this as a robbery film with a bit of Die Hard, some James Bond and some The Saint.  If you liked these movies, you should like this.
6300215717|5.0|This is one of my all time favorites.  It just gets better and better every time i see it.  Audrey Hepburn is just heart-stoppingly charming.  I consider this the most romantic movie ever.  It's really an art.
0783233477|5.0|Forget all you know, or think you know.  Suspend you disbelief and consider the possibility.  Death is an entity, an omniscient personal being who oversees the last dance in the natural order.  He may seem at first a  bit stiff, but what do you expect; he's used to being in complete control,  without any opposition, and is totally unfamiliar with how one ought to  behave in the world.  He's tasting life as an infant might, struck by every  minor detail that has been beneath his notice until now.  Be patient, the  if the initial concept doesn't catch your interest, the story that unfolds  will.  Honor, love, deceipt, and of course, death compel you as you watch  this entrancing tale of complex characters.  Your emotions are taken on a  roller coaster ride and by the end of the movie you won't know if you're  crying in sorrow, joy, or both.
B00000JCOV|5.0|You know what, I used say KoRn was the best band ever, and no one could deprive them of that, but that was before SLIPKNOT!  Slipknot is about 10x harder then KoRn ever was and ever will be!  They are the SiCiSt Band  alive!  And as for the person who said that #4 and #7 have no talent, and  that their about as good as Dimebag of Pantera, You must have no clue what  Metal is! Dimebag Darral is a damn good Guitarist and a 7 and 4 are too!   ALL HAIL SLIPKNOT!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie screams cool.  The combined visual/audio effects and music present this intriguing story in a mesmerizing spectacle.  It's a great movie for DVD, and I think, besides in the theatre, there's no other way to  watch it.  The DVD bonuses add to the effect.  Behind the scenes  documentation and commentary, optionally while you watch if you  &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot;, hidden features when you &quot;take  the red pill&quot;, full cast and crew bios, and sound track with  commentary really bring out the potential in DVD entertainment while  maintaining the feel of the movie itself.  If you own a DVD player, this  has to be the first film purchase.
B00000099Y|5.0|My favorite band in the whole world TOOL, goes vertuly unnoticed for their musical Genius in the 90's! The same thing happend in the 70's with Rush, another musical genuis band! Aenima is one of the best albums ever  released! I just don't understand how a stupid, no talent, annoying band  such as Limp Bizkit, can be noticed over an AMAZINGLY Origional band such  as TOOL! They have the musical talent of Rush, the heavienes, of Black  Sabbath and (Old) Metallica, and the intellegence and beauty of Pink Floyd.  Adam Jones is a Truely Origional Guitarist, I haven't heard anyone in  todays scean as great as he is! He's up there with Tom Morello (Rage  Against The Machine) as greatest guitarist of the 1990's. On This album we  hear some of the most heavy, crunching basslines, form the &quot;New  Guy&quot; Justin Chanclor. Who gives Paul (Old Bassist, now guitarist of  Lusk) a run for his Money! Danny is an amazing Drummer! Hes fast, but  doesn't miss a beat! And Maynard... What else is there to say, hes the flat  out best vocalest of today!  He combines a soft melody, and brutal screams  of rage and anger!  Its like a drug thats better then sex!  This band just  leaves that affect on you! Their utterly origional, and I can't wait for  their next amazing album!
B000000OF6|5.0|Brilliant, if you want to know why Queen were one of the greatest bands to ever grace this Earth, this is where to start.  They were the nearest anyone ever came to the Beatles, and that says it all.
B00000099Y|5.0|My favorite band in the whole world TOOL, goes vertuly unnoticed for their musical Genius in the 90's! The same thing happend in the 70's with Rush, another musical genuis band! Aenima is one of the best albums ever  released! I just don't understand how a stupid, no talent, annoying band  such as Limp Bizkit, can be noticed over an AMAZINGLY Origional band such  as TOOL! They have the musical talent of Rush, the heavienes, of Black  Sabbath and (Old) Metallica, and the intellegence and beauty of Pink Floyd.  Adam Jones is a Truely Origional Guitarist, I haven't heard anyone in  todays scean as great as he is! He's up there with Tom Morello (Rage  Against The Machine) as greatest guitarist of the 1990's. On This album we  hear some of the most heavy, crunching basslines, form the &quot;New  Guy&quot; Justin Chanclor. Who gives Paul (Old Bassist, now guitarist of  Lusk) a run for his Money! Danny is an amazing Drummer! Hes fast, but  doesn't miss a beat! And Maynard... What else is there to say, hes the flat  out best vocalest of today!  He combines a soft melody, and brutal screams  of rage and anger!  Its like a drug thats better then sex!  This band just  leaves that affect on you! Their utterly origional, and I can't wait for  their next amazing album!
6305263248|5.0|If half-stars were allowed, I'd give this 4.5 stars. Generally it is worthy of 5 stars but there are several points when the story either lags or isn't quite fleshed out. <br />I can see how the enigmatic aspects of this  film could be irritating to some viewers. I, however, fell in love with the  whole flavor of the film and accepted its flaws as part of the price of  admission. I love how the characters more or less continually evaluate  their partners for dependability, loyalty, capability and motives. And how  the people that are good at that kind of work recognize what is important  in each other. <br />It's a classic cold war-type thriller (notwithstanding  that it's post cold war). Sort of a noir James Bond film except way less  cartoonish. The heros and villans are much less clearly defined and  loyalities seem to shift quite a lot. <br />And, of course, there are the car  chases. What sets the chases apart from other great car chase movies is the  authenticity (except for the fact that Natascha McElhone looks like she's  never driven fast in her life...) The cars handle and sound appropriately  and what a lineup of cars we are treated to! Many of Europe's finer large  high-performance sedans including the great nitrous oxide infused Audi S8  and the classic Mercedes 6.9. I haven't checked out the credits closely,  but I'm assuming they hired some rally pros because they were tossing those  tanks around with beauty and skill.<br />I showed this DVD to my folks because  I knew my dad would appreciate the automobiles. I was pleased that my mom  became totally captivated by the film's intrigue and gave it two thumbs up.
B000006I14|5.0|This movie is undoubtedly one of the most important (and I dare say one of the scariest as well) horror films ever created.  First seen on the silver screen in 1922, when movies were still in their infancy, this movie can  still evoke shivers with each viewing! I can only imagine how terrified  those people who were lucky enough to be amongst the first to see this  movie were.  It might be a little difficult for your average slasher film  fan to sit down and digest this one but any true fan of horror movies will  seek this movie out!  It's effect is even more ominous in the fact that the  film is silent save for the few interjections of music here and there.  I  can't fully explain why this movie is so great but it has something to do  with our childhood fear of monsters.  Max Schreck's grotesque vampire is  every bit the embodiment of what I'd imagine the Boogeyman to look like!  His lurking motion, his furtive glances and piercing eyes could belong to  that proverbial stranger who is always out to offer our children dangerous  candy.  Trust me on this one, if you understand any of the film conventions  of the early 1920's you will appreciate the groundbreaking achievement this  film is.  And when you try to go to sleep after watching this, and you  think you hear something creeping up the stairs; you'll know what it looks  like and you will pray for dawn!
B0000047CW|5.0|Simply the greatest Latin-Jazz album ever.  Best prelude to an evening of love you'll find.  I found an original vinyl years ago at a flea market, still in great shape, and bought it on a whim.  Later I trashed my vinyl  and saved just a few. I saved Samba.  Thanks Charlie, we miss you.
B00003000M|5.0|This cd's pretty mellow. I didn't care for Busta Rhymes, and Lauryn Hill coulda done better. Good cd to smoke a J and relax to. Buy  it.
B000002J0B|5.0|This album is one of, if not, the greatest album from Zepplin &quot;The Rain Song&quot; and  &quot;Over the hills and far Away&quot; really kicks some as* and &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot; and &quot;The  Ocean&quot; have some great riffs in them too
B00000JCB2|1.0|This album leaves much to be desired, in fact the only redeeming part of Limp Bizkit, and especially Fred Durst, is that they agreed to be part of an ECW story-line.  In fact, ECW has better music than anything Limp Bizkit has done, with the possible exception of that thing with Method Man...but  that's just b/c it's funny. This goes out to all the teenage girls out  there:  BUY METALLICA STUFF.  It's good music, unlike this.  And Amazon has  great deals on their stuff now, just search under Metallica...and don't  worry about Fred Durst; he'll still have his job as a VP over at whatever  company owns Limp Bizkit, so he'll have money and can show up on MTV for  you to ogle in that position.  Thanks.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie can be summed up in one word...Wow. It makes you think and question our everyday life.  The &quot;bullet-time&quot; effect with Neo was one of the best special effects in the whole movie. It makes you want  to move like him and be like him. They writers made many clever  explinations and theories about what happens in our lives. For example,  they explained deja vu in a way you would never think of. Anyway, it makes  you wonder if we are really here, if we are actually in a real world. All  the points that they made fit in together very well and almost never  contradicted each other.<br />&quot;What is real? How do you define  real?&quot;
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album just rules.  Buy it.  If you don't like Metallica, then don't buy it, because this is just like a great Metallica album, except longer and orchestral.  If you liked Symphonic Led Zeppelin, then this is the next  natural step.  Metallica is just like a consistently harder Metallica.  And  if you don't like swears, this isn't bad.  You could spend your money on a  lot worse things to...like the Pest.
0374172897|5.0|I came to read this book completly by chance and I was captivated from the very first page until the end. So much joy in this quiet masterpice! It made me plunge into the previous books by Mr. Cunningham (Flesh &amp;  Blood; A Home at the End of the World) and I was rewarded with the  confirmation of an impressive writer of great empathy, insight and talent.  Beautiful book of drifting lives which reminds us about the importance of  love and understanding. Thank you Michael.
B000002C1X|5.0|I have been an avid floyd fan for quite some time now. And i have to say beyond a shadow of a doubt this album is the best. It leads you through a twisted maze of a man losing his mind. It is a brilliant album and has a  well plotted storyline. the true talent is evident here. If you enjoy floyd  or psycadelia this is a must have and check the movie too.
B000001EYO|4.0|The reason there's no CCR on here probably has something to do with publishing rights. For a long time Fantasy Records (read:Saul Zantz) wouldn't give Fogerty any money cuz he'd been trapped in some bad contract.  I'd suppose the Coen's might have run into some trouble with whoever's  currently owning the songs (Saul Zantz?) as well.<br />One shouldn't nitpick  too much though-- this is a GOOD soundtrack....and if you like CCR well,  Jesus (That's right, mang!) you shoulda bought all the albums by now,  folks. It's almost 2000. I see a lot of people buying this also bought  Rushmore, too. VERY, very highly recommended. Slightly better movie,  slightly better soundtrack (not to bag on Lebowski).
6305075379|5.0|This DVD is like watching a brand new version of the film with crisp imagery in letterbox format. For those who haven't seen this movie, it's the original story of Max and how he eventually becomes the \\"Road Warrior\\" as portrayed in the sequel. The film was done on a lower budget than its successor, but contains great action with some terrific stunts. The main attraction of the movie is his work as a pursuit officer on the highways where outlaws are running havoc over an understrength police force. Max and his peers are almost as rough as the outlaws, creating a gray area between justice and crime. The story centers around Max's aggressive pursuit of an escapee named the Knightrider, resulting in the outlaw's death in a violent car crash. The Knightrider's motorcycle gang then come looking for Max in retaliation, and Max's family suffer the consequences. Max then transitions from police officer to vigilante, going after the bike gang on his own terms.<br />The movie is high-energy with souped-up Australian Fords and Kawasaki motorcycles screaming across barren landscapes in lethal chases. Max and his car, an evil-looking black supercharged coupe, wreak destruction on the outlaw bikers near the end and it's pure adrenaline by this point. The film may not be as polished or as wild as the \\"Road Warrior,\\" but it has cult appeal with the same flavor.<br />This edition of Mad Max features the original voice tracks of the Australian actors that was never before available in the U.S. This surprisingly quite changes the atmosphere of the movie, making the characters more realistic in a sense, and far less animated when compared to the American dubbed version that feels more like an imported martial arts flick. I personally prefer this version.  <BR>  <BR>...
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is the most incredible movie I've ever seen. It has incredible action and character developement. If you've only seen the movie once and didn't like it, don't be discouraged. It took me two times to fully  understand the movie. This movie beautifully puts together a scifi with an  action movie. The special effects are amazing. See this movie, rent this  movie, BUY this movie. As far as I'm concerned, it is not possible to make  a movie that is better than &quot;The Matrix.&quot;
078322947X|5.0|William Friedkin's remake of &quot;Wages of Fear,&quot; a story about four anonymous fugitives who transport dangerously unstable explosives across the treacherous roads of a third-world south American country to pay for their escape to a better life.  &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is a very good film (though the original version is now a Criterion edition) and deserves more recognition than it received when originally released in 1977.  Friedkin's previous movie was the well-known &quot;The Exorcist,&quot; and the title &quot;Sorcerer&quot; may have misled audiences' expectations of what this film was about; de-railing Friedkin's success for a quality remake of a classic.  Nonetheless, the story is gritty as four criminals come together in an ad hoc team to accomplish a near-suicidal job, transporting ancient TNT, dripping nitro-glycerin, across impossible roads and jungle terrain.  The study of the four men and their ability to overcome stacked odds will keep you on the edge of your seat and the musical score by Tangerine Dream adds an eerie atmosphere to the setting.  While &quot;Wages of Fear&quot; broke ground on this type of genre, &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is equally as good and I think it has a better ending.  I own both on DVD and enjoy them despite the same storyline.
B00002MZ12|5.0|The editorial review at the top of this page is WRONG.  This is a great CD.  I'm listening to it now and am in a trance.  And the performances of &quot;Princes Familiar&quot; and &quot;Uninvited&quot; are wonderful  additions.  &quot;Uninvited&quot; is probably her strongest performance to  date.  Strongly recommended.
0792839730|5.0|Huge film production about Operation Market Garden, the Allied invasion into the Netherlands during World War II. The film recreates the massive parachute assaults of the 1st (British), 82nd (American) and 101st (American) Airborne Infantry Divisions; each seizing critical bridges for the follow-on ground offensive by the United Kingdom's XXX Corps.<br />The parachute drop sequence of the lead British paratrooper battalion on the deepest objective, Arnhem, and hence the title of the movie, is breathtaking.  The British paratroopers then desperately defend themselves in a series of exciting and brutal battles against German forces not detected by British Intelligence. Matters become severe as XXX Corps is delayed in its own battles while attempting link-up with the British paratroopers trapped in Arnhem.<br />The river-crossing attack by a battalion of American \\"82nd\\" paratroopers, under the command of Major Julian Cook, portrayed by Robert Redford, is stunning. Also memorable is James Caan as a Sergeant who rescues his dying commander, and later threatens an Army doctor with deadly force to save him. The all-star cast is great, though Ryan O'Neal could have put more 'gusto' into his performance as General James Gavin, the dynamic commander of the 82nd Airborne Division.<br />The scale of the picture is staggering and it's easy to see why this production went over-budget. It's visually impressive and provides a detailed history lesson on this WW II operation. While exciting to watch, A Bridge Too Far does requires a viewer's full attention to follow the complex storyline
B000009RC2|4.0|McLaughlin made a quantum leap in his electric guitar playing from his work with Miles Davis to the virtuousity deplayed here. I had never heard anyone play like this before. The compositions are haunting and intense; the interplay between musicians is electrifying. Billy Cobham pioneered a new kind of time-keeping, and on some very different time signatures (as on \\"Vital Transformation\\"). A one-of-a-kind recording that triggered a revolution.<br />However, Mr. McLaughlin was advocating a form of Hindu spirituality at this time, which I cannot endorse. The tunes have no lyrics, but the titles indicate the Hindu worldview. \\"Inner mounting flame\\" may refer to the Kundalini (serpent) energy--an occult concept from yoga. Beware.
B000000YBQ|5.0|This album is absolutely astounding.  Some might criticize it as &quot;sleepy,&quot; and there's some initial truth to that: you'll certainly hear no blaring solos fom this recording.  But every note played,  every chord struck is perfectly chosen; it's remarkable to think that this  was a *live* recording.  From the sad phrasings of the elegaic &quot;Waltz  for Debbie&quot; to the closing Gershwin refrain, the album is absolutely  transcendent. Evans plays with supreme confidence, never obscurely dancing  around what he means, but always stating it simply and beautifully.  A  stunner.  This jazz is as good as most composed sonatas, and the rhythm  section adds another dimension.  LaFaro takes some solos that will jst have  you wondering, &quot;How good is he?&quot;  <br />   As good as it gets,  folks, just like the rest of this album.  Unlike &quot;Sunday,&quot;  though, this is most definitely a pianist's album, with Motian's and  LaFaro's contributions more supportive than leading.  If you like jazz at  all, buy this one; you won't be disappointed.
B00000JYGX|5.0|These songs are some of the most moving pieces I have ever heard.  Even if you do not speak French, they are equally moving.  And the book is too cute.
B000002LND|5.0|I wish the endings to &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; and &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; weren't shortened. I wish the set included the song &quot;True Blue.&quot; But other than that, this is the absolute best Madonna album  around. You'll also want to pick up &quot;Something to Remember&quot; to  collect some of Madonna's best ballads. And I hope that down the road, a 2  disc compilation is relased so that you can have Madonna's 90's hits  packages with the 80's hits found here. But otherwise, this set is great.  Buy it!
B00000J2KT|5.0|I've watched this Movie close to 30 times and it keeps getting better.  If you think Gunny Hartman is a Drill Sergeant, or Pvt. Pyle is a Soldier then this movie might not exactly do for you, what it does for me.
6305311463|1.0|I do not understand why so many people love this film.  I know of no other movie in which absolutely no one acts or speaks like actual human beings.  If you are forced to suffer through it, notice how everyone speaks in sound  bites followed by an edit.  I also really wonder how it took Bruce Willis  and Liv Tyler so long to get to Washington in order to be briefed on the  asteroid, but in the same amount of time, all of the riggers were able to  travel the globe.  I could go on and on about the implausibility of the  film's \\"plot,\\" but why bother.  You'll just have to trust me when I say  that I would rather gaze into a full toilet than be sickened by watching  this awful mess again.
B00000DG1R|5.0|IF YOU LIKE VERY    ROMANTIC MUSICS YOU    ARE EQUAL TO ME    BECOUSE WHEN I LISTEN    'SERIOUS&quot; &quot;COME UNDONE &quot;  &quot;SAVE A PRAYER ( THIS MUSIC IT'S SO SOMETHING SERIOUS ;-) i CAN'T RESIST!  ) &amp; ALL!  I  SORRY FOR NOT HAVE &quot; A MATTER OF FEELING &quot; BECOUSE WHEN I LISTEN  TOO I CAN'T HAVE CONDITIONS TO STOP MY EMOTIONS...SIMON &amp; ETC HAVE MY     CONGRATULATIONS FOR    YOURS SEXIES VOICES!     IT'S SIMPLY WONDERFUL!
B000002UAU|2.0|The lyrics are about all that this band had going for them.  This by most definitions is NOT rock music- this is pop, plain and simple- it's this nonsense that led to the untalented Ricky Martins, Lou Begas and Backstreet Boys of today.  <br />Plus, I cannot respect a band who fires their original  drummer (Pete Best) because he was too talented.
B00000DQSV|3.0|IF YOU LIKE VERY ROMANTIC MUSICS YOU ARE EQUAL TO ME BECOUSE WHEN I LISTEN  'A MATTER OF FEELING &quot;I CAN'T HAVE  CONDITIONS TO STOP MY EMOTIONS...sIMON &amp; ETC HAVE MY CONGRATULATIONS FOR YOURS SEXIES  VOICES!  IT'S SIMPLY WONDERFUL!
630280082X|5.0|The film &quot;Crossroads&quot; was a major influence on me.  Of course we all heard rock music based on blues music but this was my introduction to searching back and finding the roots of music.  I also began to play guitar  after seeing the film, it is a most inspiring movie.  I disagree with the  Amazon/Matlin reviews that pan the movie due to Ralph Macchio (who i feel  played a fine role) or the plot (its obvious Matlin isnt even aware of the  actual Robert Johnson) <br />I anxiously await a DVD release, my VHS is so  worn....
0792156684|1.0|This movie is the worst rendition of the sinking of the Titanic.  The story was taken from all of the other Titanic movies and was hazerdly thrown together.  It was over acted, and had several imposable sceens  including the rescue of the hero by the girl(she closed her eyes and used  the force)and the sceen where he puts her over the other side of the safty  rail...(self explanitory) In short the worst Camren movie yet!              The speacial efects were cool.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|after writing a review that really put down the new album and giving only 2 stars, i listened to the whole cd. i REALLY listened to it. and what i found was a better album than i had thought. the sound is different than  the other albums, but all bands' sounds change. i think this change was for  the better.
6305627401|5.0|While South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut is offensive to various groups and individuals, the movie must be viewed differently if it is to be appreciated. The viewer has to look past all the swearing and imagery that  seems so terrible and understand the implied message. All the social,  political, religious, and racist commentary is part of our culture; the  creators of this film are bringing this to the surface in the &quot;quiet,  little redneck, mountain town.&quot; To become angry at these aspects of  society is to deny their existence; and to deny their existence is to  create more problems. There is nothing wrong with laughing at ideas that  are taboo, for dealing with social dysfunctions through laughter can help  to lead to their solutions.
B000002JOH|5.0|This album is amazing!   I love pantera they set the standard for true against the grain heavy metal.
B000007T1M|1.0|system of a down on sugar is system of a high. This band is so odd i can't stand them.
B000002JR8|5.0|This is truly the pinnacle of heavy metal!   This album illustrates why they are and always will be the greatest heavy metal band ever!   I can listen to this album over and over and never get  tired of because they do stuff on this album you won't hear anywhere  else!
B000002NIW|1.0|if you take the tones out and hear this cd you will go DEF!  this band is really terrible. all the songs on this cd are dumb. don't get this cd.
B00000ADG2|5.0|very good cd with other artist like santana and mary j blige on it. definately buy this cd cuz u'll love it.
B00000IPAX|1.0|the song all the small things is like hearing old kid songs. Dude ranch was so good, and now look at them. this band is allllllllllll over mtv, and it's so annoying to see. This band is for the one year olds.
B000002ADT|5.0|This cd is just plain good, to all those jazz hard core analists that are like &quot;oh its too slow&quot;, respect his talent, cuz hes better than youll ever be.
6303365752|5.0|Watching nearly perfect technique in a variety of conditions repeatedly with a distinctive soundtrack is a wonderful way to 'see yourself doing it in your mind.'  The effects on my next day of skiing, especially in a bowl  of windblown powder and crud, were awesome.  Fact is, I came to Amazon  looking so I can buy a replacement copy....I still think an envious ski  buddy hid it or borrowed it!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This is by far, the best album of 1999. Mix Zack De la Rocha's fiery vocals with Tom Morello's cuastic guitar playing, along with Y.Tim.K and Brad Wilk and you have a sure mix of greatness. As great as this album is  Rage can never top their debut album. But this one still rules. I saw these  guys play in concert recently and they are definitely the best live band  out there.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This CD is incredible!  Great for the long-time fans and newcomers...Her ballads are heartfelt and easy to identify with no matter who you are in the world.  If you watch new tv shows that feature music like Felicity,  Dawsons Creek, Roswell, Charmed, Popular etc. and wanted to catch some of  those tunes, Sarah has been featured on all of them at very climatic  moments.  I normally listen to R&amp;B, and hip hop, with very little  alternative in the rotation, but I have fallen in love with this cd.  If  you dont like slow songs, listen to the tracks to be sure it is for you,  but for me, it is a good fit and a nice change from what I regularly listen  to!  Enjoy!
B000002G7G|5.0|There must have been something in the air when these songs were recorded. They speak for everyone in a &quot;lo-fi&quot; velvets way.  No feedback apart from &quot;Murder Mystery&quot;, just straight ahead music which is  so sad yet hopeful.  &quot;Jesus&quot; spoke to me at a time when nothing  else made sense. &quot;What Goes On&quot; had to be about the same girl I  was infatuated with but couldn't understand. &quot;I'm set free&quot; and  &quot;Beginning to see the light&quot; -- self explanatory. Lou's songs on  this could have been written by anyone, since everyone's felt these  feelings--but only Lou himself had the talent and nakedness to actually  write and record them.  BUY THIS CD!
B00000K19E|4.0|Having heard a lot of hype...I was quite excited to see it...truth is...it takes a long time to get going...and all the real clever stuff happens at the end...having said that...great effects...kinda cool story-line...but I  was just left with wanting a little more...
B00002Z88D|1.0|I'll keep it short &amp; to the point - this CD is TERRIBLE! I can understand &quot;Load&quot; - I can even understand &quot;Reload&quot; - &quot;Garage Inc.&quot; gave you back a LITTLE respect - but NOW.......  it's starting to UNRAVEL guys! You aren't THAT good. Go back to your OLD  style of metal........ otherwise...... we'll have &quot;Metallica with The  Backstreet Boys LIVE in Disney Land&quot; next! NUFF SAID!
0385493800|2.0|I've been a Grisham fan ever since I read A Time to Kill. I've read all of his works, and enjoyed many. However, this latest entry into his collection of novels was by far the least enjoyable of anything he's written. His  writing style has become incredibly dull, and if I weren't a fan (less of  one now) I would not have finished the book. He's gotten away from his  style of old, and opted towards a newer, more dull and politically centered  style, which I found completely boring. Needless to say, I do not think  that I will be purchasing the next Grisham book, since he's declined to a  new low with The Testament.
6305358567|5.0|Cate Blanchett is superb in this amazing production of the rise to power of Elizabeth I, the Virgin Queen.  Not only suspenseful and full of superb acting talent, this wonderful picture is one of the best movies this  decade.  Historical inaccuracies are small and insignificant, and this  movie can easily be watched over and over again.
B0000039QA|1.0|Besides no money no problem, this CD is horrible, the Notorious is simply not comparable to 2PAC. Rest In Peace to both of them.
B000002PC6|5.0|Olivia got sexy with tihs album - 10 tracks 8 great and two weak (Silvery Rain and Dolphin Song, keeping up the tradition of usually one oddity) but it's sleek, rocky and upbeat album that marks a pinacle in her career. More  more more !
B000002UB3|5.0|Obviously, the &quot;Swan Song&quot; critical review is not old enough to have appreciated this album and the Beatles' progression of music.  30 years later, and this is still excellent!   A real classic and timeless.
B000022TT4|5.0|Impossible not to buy it. Excellent sound. (You can tell the difference with the movie in VHS) Wish they release POPMART Mexico in DVD soon!
0060282983|5.0|Charlotte and Wilbur are two of the best characters in Children's books. E.B. White is so good at making memorable characters and these 2 are probably his best. The story is mainly about the friendship between the pig  and the spider as well as other friendships. Soon danger threatens as  Wilbur might end up as bacon.  I liked the humour in this book as well as  the sadness. It is a very original story and comes highly recommend by me.
0671578278|5.0|When I was reading E.E. &quot;Doc&quot; Smith and Asimov in the 50's the wisdom of the day was that only men could write good science fiction.  McCaffery broke the ice and now Bujold has melted it.  Her latest effort  &quot;A Civil Campaign...&quot; continues to allow her hero to be human and  grow right along with all of her other characters.  I so enjoy Miles  finally growing up from his younger days into a new, brillent more mature  man that, like most men, still can't figure out women.  I couldn't put the  book down and read it in one sitting.  Good characters, good plots, good  ending.  Almost like reading a letter from home, if your Mom was a world  class author.
B00000IAU3|5.0|at this moment I am listening to Dido's CD. I went out to get it because I had heard the song &quot;My Life&quot; on FOX's show &quot;get real&quot; It really touched me deeply. And I also heard her song &quot;hear w/  me&quot; on the show roswell (which unlike the people who have posted other  reviews, i dont like that show to much. But I digress) Dido's voice is  beautiful. My favorite songs on No Angel are &quot;My Life, Here w/ Me,  Honestly OK, All U want, and Isobel.&quot; GET THIS CD ~aja
B000002WAD|3.0|i love this album very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  very very very very very very very very very very very very very much
B000002UA0|5.0|I get tired of Floyd being fameous for &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; and &quot;The Wall&quot;. Yes they are good but they compare nothing to Pink Floyd's early albums including The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn which I  think is their last great album. What I think made this album so good was  Syd Barrett's verge of insanity and too much drugs made the album so  &quot;Far-out&quot; and raw. This is pure rock n roll filled with all the  werid stuff you want and pyscedlic. So do your self a favor and pick this  up if you want to hear the real Floyd that makes &quot;The Wall&quot; seem  like elevator music. This is one of the best albums of the 60's also.
B00001ZULV|5.0|This was the greatest hits alright it had the best songs of Genesis.  I hope they make a music video of all these songs on this CD so it has all of the great songs on it.  How could no one not like Phil Collins he is the  greatest and Tony Banks, and Mike Rutherford. They are a great team and  they have all of their talent in just three people now thats fantastic.         Thanks!
630416923X|5.0|(NOTE: these are just a few more comments I want to add to my review posted Dec. 2, 1999.  You'll have to forgive me for writing way too much on this video set.) I highly recommend this video set to anyone who is an  admirer of either the Beatles, good filmmaking, or both.  Buy it for the  Beatles because it has some of the most revealing interviews with the  surviving three.  Buy it for the filmmaking because the clever editing  tricks and juxtapositions make this film a worthy subject of study in any  film class (after all, any film that exhibits enough sensitivity and skill  to give life to the recorded words of the late and great John Lennon should  be studied in detail for future filmmakers in the field).  <br />Here are some  more HIGHLIGHTS that a possible buyer should be made aware of: Paul's  comments about meeting potential girlfriends in Hamburg (Tape 1); Paul's  comments about German &quot;EXIs&quot; (Tape 1); George's story about how  he &quot;fought&quot; for Ringo (Tape 1); George's exhibited happiness when  he recalls his early stage name (Tape 1); the friendly competition with Roy  Orbison (Tape 2); George's description of the French boys (Tape 2); the  story about the raincoats in Sydney (Tape 3); the odd and disturbing bit  about John's tendency on stage to mock retarded children (Tape 4); the even  more disturbing bit about security on stage, about which John's comments  are perhaps the most chilling, portentous words in the entire anthology  (Tape 4); George Martin's comments about George Harrison's song writing at  this point (Tape 4); the bit about Ringo's song writing attempts (Tape 5);  the wonderful &quot;Taxman&quot; montage (Tape 5); the story about the  &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; cover (Tape 5); the bit about John &quot;cracking  up&quot; at Shea (Tape 5); Ringo's concise opinion on the Phillipines (Tape  6); George's recollections about Mal Evans leaving the British Airways  airplane (Tape 6); the weird footage of the KKK interview (Tape 6);  George's comment on the second Shea Stadium concert (Tape 6); the stroke of  genuis at the use of &quot;For No One&quot; in the anthology.  Brilliant  filmmaking! (Tape 6); George's honest opinion about Sgt. Pepper (Tape 6);  the appearance of Jimi and that wonderful bit of trivia about him and Sgt.  Pepper... just look at the joy in Paul's eyes when he recounts the story...  that alone should be reason for you to buy this set now (Tape 6); George  Martin's story on &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; (Tape 6); again, kudos to  the filmmakers on this one... the &quot;Baby You're a Rich Man&quot;  montage, and its shot of John with little Julian... almost made me want to  cry (Tape 6); the speculations on the origins of &quot;All You Need Is  Love&quot; (Tape 7); the tribute to Brian Epstein (Tape 7); the montage of  the Beatles in India, using &quot;Across The Universe&quot; Anthology  version (Tape 7); Paul trying to defend &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;  (Tape 7); Ringo and the button in &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; (Tape 7);  the introduction of Yoko Ono (Tape 7); the use of the acoustic version of  &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; on the closing credits...  brilliant (Tape 7); the story about Ringo's &quot;holiday&quot; (Tape 8);  the absolutely FANTASTIC White Album session montage... especially the bit  during &quot;I'm So Tired&quot;... there's a slo-mo shot with John and Paul  that, when you see it, will take your breath away (Tape 8); the  ever-smiling Billy Preston (Tape 8); the shoes that George wears while  playing &quot;For Your Blue&quot; (Tape 8); the bit about Sgt. Pilcher  (Tape 8); the last words on the Beatles, as mentioned by the Fab Four  themselves (Tape 8).<br />...whew...<br />Now, here it comes, more DRAWBACKS,  though fewer in number than before: the filmmakers choose not to include  the complete first Ed Sullivan show appearance (Tape 3); not even a mention  about Jane Asher, a brief mention of Maureen, no real mention at all of  Cynthia... perhaps I'm asking for too many personal details, but if the  anthology includes bits about Patti, Yoko, and Linda, then what about the  other women before them who provided the Beatles with a lot of their  inspiration?; no inclusion of the famous last words on the rooftop (Tape  8); no story about the genesis of &quot;In My Life&quot;; no mention at all  of &quot;Revolution #9&quot; (Tape 8); no mention of the last recording  session of &quot;I Me Mine&quot; (Tape 8).<br />I think that's all...<br />What  is the net result of all this?  The video is a wonderful and insightful  study of the Beatles.  Heck, I got a kick out of it.  And it is a great  introduction for those who have yet to appreciate the genius of the Fab  Four.  Just buy it already!<br />to Pepperland: I'll keep a lookout for George  Martin in &quot;Free As A Bird.&quot;  Any chances of seeing the Anthology  on DVD any time soon?
B000021XS0|5.0|What can I say? It's the Dream Theater we know and love. After the disappointing Falling Into Infinity, they're back in full force here. This is perhaps their most ambitious album, and on a par with Images and  Words.<br />One thing, the conceptual part of this album is pretty corny. A  minor flaw there, though. It's not like we listen to the Theater for their  lyrics, we listen for their mindblowing technical skills and soulful  passion.
B000001FS3|5.0|A Grammy winner and Diamond certified.  Those don't happen without a good reason.  This album is an excellent album that it is incomparable.  Each song is a work of art and it is well ordered.  After all, what song can  open a great album better than &quot;Where the Streets have no Name?&quot;   Then comes their number one hits and then some excellent album tracks that  should have been released.  The song &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; is a real  treat.  It is a eulogy dedicated to a late friend of U2.  This song is far  better than Elton John's &quot;Candle in the Wind&quot; and should have  been released.  The album closes with a powerful song, &quot;Mothers of the  Disappeared.&quot;  The album features the bass and the drums that actually  blend well with the tunes (something that you don't hear often).  The Edge  has some of the nicest guitar performances that the music world has to  offer.  Though not the greatest, the style is attention catching.   &quot;The King of guitar sound modifications.&quot;  And then, there is  Bono, whose vocal skills are excellent.  During an era where there is music  not worth listening to (such as NOW, late 1999), this album meets my music  listening desires.
B000002U82|5.0|This cd came out 26 years ago and it is still on the billboards, it's #88 on Amazon's sales rank. And when I get tired of all the Korn and Bizkits. I just turn to Pink Floyd and Bob Marley. live on Rasta
0553274503|5.0|I read this as a classic for English.  I absolutely fell in love with it.  I wanted to tell Charlie &quot;It's ok.&quot;  I really loved the relationship between Charlie and Alice Kinnian.  This book is aout a  retarded man who has an operation to make him very smart.  I know  it sounds like a weird plot but I never wanted it to end. I cried.   I wish there was a sequel.  A MUST read!
B00000K2SD|5.0|The Matrix was one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It makes you open up your mind and think about reality and what lies beyond.  It makes you wonder if the world is really what you see it as, or maybe like the movie  suggests this world is a cover-up for something else.  The special effects  of the movie were beyond amazing.  The way they would freeze the picture,  then turn the view was incredible.  It made it seem like it really was in  some other time and some other world ans it helped support the fact that  they had no rules in their reality.  The way the characters moved, the  technology they used, everything in the movie made it more believable.  I  recommend seeing this movie if you have an open mind.  If you're more  close-minded, you may have some troubles accepting the movie and it won't  seem as good as it really is.
1570427496|2.0|This book certainly bombed for me.  I very much enjoyed the author's earlier two titles, but found this most recent work trite and predictable, as well as overly syrupy and sweet.  No twists.  No &quot;moral.&quot;  Way  too predictable.  This is what you might see on a made-for-TV movie that  lasts 90 minutes.  Sorry, this one wasn't for me.
0345350499|5.0|As a teenager reading this book, I find myself transported into a different time when women were seen as different people.  The book takes you into another world, and lets you explore the time of Arthur through the  eyes of a women.  Not only do you learn how Arthur ruled, but how he was  raise and how he became the last hope for Avalon and the ways of old! This  book makes you take a second look at the Christain religion and may even  alter your thoughts as to how women are represented by Chrisianity.  You  will also learn about the Celtics last stand as their own people, how they  were run off there land and killed. If you want a book to make you search  your iner-self, &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot;  is the book for you!
B00003003R|5.0|The live version of November Rain could possibly be the greatest thing ever put on a cd.  In my opinion, even though the rest of the cd was just as good, I would have spent the same amount of money just to buy that one  song.
B0000203YT|4.0|Face it--if you are cynical, jaded, take yourself and life too seriously or are unable to remember what it actually feels like to be in love, this is NOT the picture for you.  If you are a psuedo-intellectual who loves to  criticize anything you don't think is high &quot;Art&quot; with a capital  A, you are better off checking out a foreign film with subtitles.<br />If you  ARE a creative person who enjoys life, if you feel passionate about  something (anything) in your life, then you might just identify with the  main characters in this movie. If you enjoy a light hearted comedy (that  doesn't take itself too seriously) with a bit of romance thrown in for good  measure-- this film is for you.  If you enjoy any kind of period piece you  might also like this.<br />If you are expecting the type of film that usually  wins &quot;Best Picture&quot;, you should probably check out  &quot;Elizabeth&quot; instead.  &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot; was a  departure from the type of films that the academy usually chooses.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed this movie wholeheartedly.  One of the reasons  movies are made is to entertain the audience.  If you want to be  entertained, this is a good choice.
B00000K19E|5.0|Bye far the best DVD we own. Excellent follow-up information, super surround sound. This is the DVD that we watch in our family more than any other!(and we have over 50 of them.)This movie is special effects city - -  with all the whistles &amp; bells! Criterion quality with at a terrific  price!
B00000IRED|1.0|To be fair, this movie was never meant to be a typical Jim Carrey vehicle like 'Ace Ventura' or 'The Cable Guy', nor was it advertised as such. Yet I was quite amazed at how utterly humourless it was, completely wasteful of  Mr Carrey's tremendous talents. The mere mention of being 'snubbed' for an  Oscar-nomination is preposterous!<br />There is little to no story in this  dull and overlong picture, apart from the original idea of a person's life  as a TV show, which as I remember, was barely enough material for an  episode of the 'Twilight Zone'. There is also an inept attempt at some kind  of social commentary that goes nowhere, especially with Ed Harris' strange  role as the god-like producer of the show providing the movie's most  embarrassing moments. Beware too, of what must be the worst musical score  in movie history.
B000002HRE|3.0|Well Once again Metallica comes back with another albulm. Many people thought that after Load they shoud have packed it in. There are a few good trackx on this abulm but to compare it to previous Meatllica albulms such  as Ride The Lightning, And Justice For All..., and Master of Puppets is a  crime. This is a good albulm but in my opinion is not really the typical  Metallica sound. The best track on this albulm is a slower less reconized  track about a man in a deep depression, Low Mans Lyric, it tells about how  hes eventually going to get what he deserves and all kinds of stuff like  that. The more reconizable songs on this ablulm are... Fuel, The Memory  Remains, and the reminder that Metallica has been and always will be a  force, the unforgiven 2. A good albulm to pull out occationally.
0805062971|5.0|There are a lot of facets to this book: some zen, alienation and resistance of youth from a dehumanizing culture, being possessed by possessions and breaking free of that slavery, etc.  It's an excellent  fast-paced view of a spiritual awakening gone terribly astray that will  provide you with a lot of food for thought. Some say that it's better to  know you're lost and be searching for the truth, than to be wrong but  oblivious. I would also recommend another book which is not similar at all,  but is the bible of all conspiracy books: 'The Immuminatus Trilogy' by  Robert Wilson.  Also, check out the movie, 'The Matrix'.
B00000099Y|5.0|These guys managed to combine 'intelligent angst' with an unbelievably cool &amp; heavy metal backdrop.  For those looking for some in-your-face metal with a message, this CD is it!  I did not know s**t about TOOL when I  bought it other than hearing 'Stinkfist' on the radio, but this (UNtypical)  40 yr old dyed-in-the-wool heavy music fan gave it a go - and was NOT  disappointed one bit.<br />This CD is NOT one 'heavy hit track after another -  TOOL love to intersperse some odd bits amidst the music, however it does  add to the whole *experience* that is AENIMA.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I watched this movie on oct/1999. It is very good and Iwas suprised the movie technikal.
B00000APLB|1.0|How can anyone like a live band where the lead singer slurs words like Jagger did on this record? I thought that this was the worst live album I'd ever heard when I was 16 and my feeling still hasn't changed. Let's face  it, the Stones pretty much stink live, and always have. The only time that  they were remotely decent was when Brian Jones played and wasn't too  inebriated.
B000002H6C|5.0|Another masterpiece by the best Metal band of the era. This is the last of the typical Metallica sounding albulms. the first, well second, but first widly available albulm with bassist Jason Newsted. This albulm is HARD  HEAVY FAST, the last one the whole abulm is just great and i hate to say  any tracks are better than others, but ONE is probobally the best track on  the albulm. It includes some sounds from the movie Johnny Got His Gun, but  the song has a great theme dealing with War and lives being taken in War. A  must for every metal fan.
B000001GX8|5.0|Marvellous singing and conducting, clear recitatives, sensual atmosphere, what more could you ask for? Simply how Edith Mathis says the last phrase in Deh vieni..non tardar is worth the price of this 3-disc invaluable set.  All the reviewers on these page cannot be wrong!
B0000028RR|5.0|I am FAR from a big-time metal/hiphop fan, and actually hated this kind of music for a long time.  However, realizing that the world must change, and we need some good angry music that is NOT 'NWA', these guys DO IT.  I put  my prejudices aside (eg 'classic, some alternative rock'), and gave RATM a  listen, and what a wake-up call.  <br />For those looking to update their  lively yet 'missing something' rock collection, give RATM a try!  You might  be surprised, as they have some serious passion and message in their music.   The 'white boy rappin' was annoying at first (as I have been conditioned  to hear an angry gangsta rapper doing this), but the RATM guy pulls it off  pretty good, without sounding too much like a 'white guy who really had it  OK but is angry'.  He has a message, and it is good, and it ROCKS  too!<br />BOTTOM LINE - give this CD a listen - you might surprise yourself!
B000002U6E|3.0|The music for the Matrix Trailer and Return to Innocence are powerful, moving, and standout.  Overall an excellent CD which avoids 1 of the 2 major traps that 'New Age' music tends to suffer from, that being  'relaxing' to the point of being mournful or bland.<br />On the other hand,  this CD does fall into the second trap, that of the New Age song cliche.   References to opressed Native Americans, dolphins, crystals, the pacifistic  ideals...and a truly annoying track called 'Out from the Deep' which  deserves to be scratched from an otherwise marvelous album.<br />Taken as a  whole, you'll like this CD (as I did, for most of it)if you like Enya,  Celtic Music, Pink Floyd, or if you share a kinship with the first reviewer  of this CD, 'Athena Sunwolf'.  (Just love that New Age name!)
B000000W5P|1.0|I like Before They Make Me Run and Miss You. The rest is garbage...retreads of everyting that they'd done for years.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This abulm is the best new metal albulm from this era. Slipknot is hevier harder and faster than Korn and blows some of the older bands (even my favorite band Metallica) out of the water.  The sound is rage, flat out,  and there isnt much more to say about it, Flat out a must buy, if you dont  own this abulm go get it, the sound is addicting and the lyrics (although  with out the cd cover its hard to understand) mean something and you can  tell these guys are going to blow up. Its a shame the vieo was banned from  Mtv.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie isn't just an action movie with REALLY cool special effects - there are some potent metaphorical messages that you can get out if it if you listen to what they're saying about perception, truth, and human  potential. However, I didn't like how the reality beyond the Matrix was so  dismal and gloomy. It sends almost a subconscious message that  &quot;ignorance is bliss,&quot; which is a dangerous idea for democracy.  Other than that, this is one of the best films in this year!
B000002GJH|5.0|I have had this CD for years, and felt it was time to say how this has aged like a FINE wine.  Yeah, it's great that Chris and Eddie are on it, but the bottom line is that it is full of GREAT songs, all pulled off with  precision and emotion by all players involved.  Some parts of it remind me  of the anger/power of some of my fave bands of the early 70's (Zep, Free),  however there is underlying cohesive alternative 'different' sound  to it  that make it a totally unique experience.<br />If you fancy Chris and Eddie's  vocals, with a SOLID backbeat, this is for you.  It is NOT a Soundgarden or  Pearl Jam CD - just a classic.  Kind of reminds me (loosely) of a  modern-day 'Blind Faith' - great artists on a different canvas...
0440217563|3.0|I had been a D. Gabaldon fan up until this point. Voyager was sooo boring, I couldn't stay awake. I just had a really hard time trying to follow what the heck was going on. It just wasn't as colorful or passionate anymore as  the other books in the series previously.
B000003BF1|4.0|Unlike the majority of Stones fans who are blinded in their assessment of the Beatles, I will give credit where it's due.<br />I enjoy &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; very much. It doesn't move me the way the Beatles did from that  era, but it's still good rock and roll.<br />They never quite lived up to the  same innovative songwriting after this one.
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride the Lightning is one of My favorite albulms that i own. That being said here are the reasons, 8 well written tracks, including one of Metallica's better known hits For Whom The Bell Tolls. The best Track on  this abulm is probabably Ride the Lightning though, HARD FAST HEAVY.  Typical Metallica.  This is one of the better metallica albulms and a  defiante must for any fan.
6305205620|5.0|This has to be the best concert DVD yet. It is by far Metallica's best. Since it was shot specifically for DVD, the quality (audio and video) are amazing. The intro to &quot;One&quot; has the camera spinning around with  explosions and strobe lights all around. In 5.1 Digital this sounds  awesome! They play all the songs flawlessly (as far as I could tell), and  their stage presence is incredible. The roar of the fans adds to the  excitement. If you own anything by Metallica, add this to your collection.  It is a must.
B00000K19E|5.0|Great movie, advise everyone to see i
0380018179|5.0|I read this book a couple of years ago and have read it twice since. So yes, I think it's pretty good. I don't agree that it's like a soap opera...because I've read other really bad books that are reminiscence of  just BAD SOAP opera episodes. The story is of course a love story. It's  very captivating. It certainly kept me up late at nite reading it.
B000002UDB|5.0|Ringo has always been accused of being less of a talent than the other three Beatles. As a hack drummer, I can tell you that Ringo practically invented the way that drums are tuned and recorded in the studio. He  invented sounds and made the music better by his accuntuating the verses.   No, he didn't have great technical ability, most rock drummers don't, but  his attention to the tuning and sound of drums, while incorporating his own  style, was very original. The Beatles would not have been as good without  Ringo behind the kit. <br />Listen to &quot;Flying&quot; and &quot;Blue Jay  Way.&quot; Very innovative drum &quot;space&quot; fills, unique for 1967.  In fact, &quot;Flying&quot; and &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; are two of my  favorite Beatle tracks, even though they're regarded by many as  filler.<br />Magical Mystery Tour is one of my favorite Beatle records.
0452270073|5.0|This is a marvelous novel, beautifully written, with wonderful characters.  I was enthralled throughout and found Dr. Rivers simply fascinating.  Barker is one of the finest authors around and this higly acclaimed novel  is another example of her amazing talent.
630522577X|5.0|The refurbishing job was superb but I believe it would have been MUCH, MUCH better had they incorporated the Audrey sung versions of 'Wouldn't It Be Lovely' and 'Show Me'. This is indeed a true Classic. The music of Fred. Lowe is fantastic with the recurring themes &amp; counterpoint string lines. They do not make them like that anymore. Harrison is great and Hepburn is just a pleasure to watch on the screen.
0767817710|4.0|Well, if you want bad acting (except for Hackman) you got it, but if you want to be dazzled by beautiful camera shots which make the camera an active participant within the film, watch it (but turn the volume down).  Simply put..acting..bad...camera style...good.
B00000163G|2.0|It was sad that tupac was incarcerated in jail and that he was abused also but in this album he showed everybody that it was not going to get to him and he took out his frustration on other artist including the record label  Bad Boy. I listen to this album and I now understand why pac was so upset  at his music mates. To sum it all all eyes on me was a dramitic album about  the time that pac was going thru and what happens when you turn on a whole  coast. It's sad what happened in jail to pac,but pac knew that he was gonna  keep his head up and roll over his past and continue making music to make  money for his label
B000000W5B|1.0|Here's an example of really GREAT lyrics...<br />&quot;With No Lovin In Our Souls, And No Money In Our Coats.&quot; <br />Why didn't someone tell Mick that &quot;souls&quot; and &quot;coats&quot; don't rhyme? Keith couldn't at  that time because he was only interested in getting his next fix.
630522577X|5.0|the refurbishing job was superb but i believe it would have been SO MUCH better had they incorporated the audrey sung versions of 'wouldn't it be lovely' and 'show me'. This is indeed a true classic. the music of Fred.  Lowe is fantastic with the recurring themes &amp; counterpnt. string  lines.Don't make em like that anymore.
B000023VTQ|5.0|This is such a wonderful movie...I have seen it 3 times, and love it even more each time I see it.  It is funny and romantic, and just overall one of the best movies I have seen... It is a &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; type of  movie...Just Fantastic!
0380973464|5.0|Readers looking for another breathless cyberpunk potboiler may be disappointed by Cryptonomicon. But anyone looking for a thoughtful novel whose complexities arise from human character as much as technology should  delight in this creation. Its 910 pages strobe back and forth from the  start of WW II to the present, from New Guinea to Finland, and from literal  warfare to the cutthroat world of internet venture capital. The interlinked  story lines of three principal characters converge on a satisfying mystery,  and provide a fascinating education in historical and contemporary  cryptography in the process.
B000002UAR|5.0|To all of you bitter Stones groupies...<br />&quot;They(the Stones) are not in the same class, music wise, or power wise:&quot;(John Lennon-1971).<br />This record, and everything recorded after Rubber Soul for that matter, proved why. <br />You Stones fans are just jealous. You know that  Mick couldn't sing like John or Paul, and that Keith was too stoned to play  guitar as good as George. As far as Bill and Charlie go, they were innocent  bystanders, along for the ride.<br />Kudos to the Beatles for recording such a  masterpiece as Revolver.
048623231X|4.0|You oughta be reading the Divine Comedy - I first viewed these prints in Lawrence Grant White's blank verse translation. But if you're into fantasy, goth art, book illustration or skin art, these plates by Gustave Dore will  frighten, amaze &amp; inspire you. It's from Dover, so the price is right.  <BR> <BR> Bob Rixon
030716327X|5.0|My daughter received this book as an Easter gift, and loved having it read to her.  This is when she was 18 months.  Now my daughter is 26 months and she reads the book to herself.  Her interaction between Paul and Judy (the characters) is amazing.  It taught my daugher soft, scratchy, quiet, peek a  boo, and a host of other topics that are sometimes a little difficult for  toddlers to grasp.  And as I said before, her interaction now and the  ability to &quot;read&quot; through the pictures is very heart  enlightening.
6305538018|4.0|I've always been one to enjoy strange, thought-provoking movies, and I really enjoyed this one. The people who say only Cronenberg fans will truly like eXistenZ are wrong, as I have never seen any of his other movies  (though now I definitely plan to).  Jennifer Jason Leigh is good as usual,  and Jude Law does just as well.  This movie may repel people who don't  enjoy sci-fi or deep movies, but if you want something to make you think as  well as entertain, give eXistenZ a try.  I also recommend that you check  out Howard Shore's beautiful, haunting score.
B000003BEV|1.0|Here's Jagger trying to one up the Beatles at their own game. Kinda like Michael Jordan trying to hit a 95 mile fast ball; they missed it by a country mile.<br />This record stinks from start to finish. Anyone who thinks  they're being objective in saying that this record in any way compares to  Sgt. Pepper, the ultimate 60's music statement, is either deaf or  ignorant.<br />The cover was pretty cool, though. I had the record once and  threw it away, along with my Kiss collection.
B000002UAR|5.0|In addition to all the raves, Revolver's also interesting to listen for where it documents their lives.  &quot;She Said She Said&quot; is practically a verbatim replay of a fight between John Lennon and his wife  Cynthia, and &quot;For No One&quot; is Paul McCartney's observations of  Lennon as his marriage breaks up.  George Harrison's bitterness toward the  British tax system and his interest in Easternism.  Doctor Robert, their  'candy' doctor, giving them Prellies and Yellow Submarines.  But other  artists also recapitulate their lives in song:  Fleetwood Mac, ABBA, etc.        <br />But I can't explain why I like &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing,&quot;  execpt that it's got so much energy and I love it whenever McCartney played  counterpoint (also &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;)...
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I've been looking for these songs on the same CD for quite a while, and this set does not disappoint. This 2 CD set contains an outstanding compilation of some of the best soundtrack music, new and old, ever  composed by John Williams.  You will recognize most of the tracks from  blockbuster movies --Star Wars, Jurassic Park, Superman. The Olympic theme  songs are also included.  This is one to pop in the CD player at home or in  the car and turn it up.  This set has a high replay value, too.  It will  never sound stale.
6302101743|3.0|I like this movie.  I consider it to be something of a classic, in an arcane sense.  The Valley of Gwangi was a unique mixture of genres:  The Western and the Dinosaur Sci-Fi!  Seeing the characters react to and deal  with this creature in that setting is an interesting premise.  Remember,  this was the turn of the LAST century.  No hi-tech weapons or science were  available.<br />A mildy interesting, if not predictable, character sub-plot  developed for quite a while, until Gwangi and his prehistoric brethren  appeared.  I am unphazed by the biological/paleontological licenses taken  by the filmmakers.  After all, in sci-fi, suspension of disbelief is what  it's all about.<br />In the end, the star of the movie is the great Ray  Harryhausen, whose stop motion art is legendary.  Ray always seemed to give  his animated characters a character!  Unlike the monstrous, unthinking  Anaconda or T-Rex of the Computer Generated Era.  If you imerse yourself in  the setting, you will be awestruck, scared and eventually compassionate  about this creature.  This Harryhausen ability to impart pathos to the  monster was never more evident than in his creature from Venus in &quot;20  Million Miles to Earth.&quot;  (Which I also recommend!)<br />Finally a word  about the leading man, James Francsicus.  People always put him in Heston's  shadow, but I thought he did a good job here.  As for his attractive (if  not greatly talented) co-star Gina Golan...I never heard from her  again!<br />All in all, it's worth buying or renting.  I've seen it, in part  or in total many times.
B000007O9L|3.0|This one is much better than other Stones live records, possibly because of the massive overdubs. It's not really live.
6304117752|5.0|I was sorry to learn that this movie was out of stock and out of print!  Hopefully, it will soon become available in DVD!  The clamshell version, which was released as a widescreen, enhanced sound video was ten times  better than the older pan &amp; scan video.  I have visited Salzburg and  been to many of the locations used for the movie, and the older &quot;made  for TV&quot; version just doesn't do the movie justice.  Julie Andrews and  crew never looked or sounded better!
006016848X|5.0|men are from mars, women are from venu
0062513346|5.0|This book really helped me to see how there are forces at work in our lives that we do not know about.  Coelho has made me believe through this simple story that God is still present with us everyday, and active in our  lives.  He is not religiously pushy, however, like some writers in this  genre.  He leaves a lot of room for the reader to make his own  interpretation of what is presented, broadening the prospective audience.  This simple story of Coelho and his wife's quest renewed my faith in a lot  of things.  I had mixed thoughts about reading a religiously focused book  when I picked up The Alchemist a few months ago, but the message therein  really helped me put a lot of things into perspective, and Valkyries was no  different.
0964385619|4.0|It is clear that I and most everyone I know are in the rat race. Working, acquiring things, creating debt, creating a seemingly unbreakable cycle. Wow! I want to get off this &quot;no assets&quot; and &quot;high  liabilities&quot; lifestyle. The authors were clear on the problem, but not  on the solution. That's ok, I'm inspired to find the solution that works  for me. A real eye-opener of a book!
6301971582|5.0|Much better special effects than the Titanic. Who was that guy in the ice cave? Looked like he was a leftover from Battlestar Galactica. The styrofoam seagulls were an excellent plot twist. Where can I get one of  those space pods?
B000002G1Y|5.0|John Hiatt is the best songwriter, singer, and performer.  This CD is one of his best.  It is loud and rocks hard yet you will still be able to hear and understand the lyrics and the melodies will haunt you.  The lyrics are  moving and sometimes funny but always memorable.
B000002J09|5.0|PLEASE STOP DOING REMARKS BETWEEN LED ZEP AND THE BEATLES, THESE ARE TWO COMPLETE DIFFERENT BAND.BEATLES ARE GREAT BUT NOT BLUESY AND HEAVY,  THESE ARE TWO DIFFERENT BAND, IN TWO DIFFERENT WORLD!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  Definitely better than her first.  Fiona pours her heart and soul in to her music and her lyrics are stirring.  She explores the dark side of human nature in many of the tracks. I highly  recommend this cd.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.  I highly recommend it.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is the best book I've ever read. I am 13 year old male and I loved it. It is about a group of rabbits led by Hazel, Bigwig, Holly, and Bluebell that flee their doomed community and strive to build a new,  perfect warren, envisioned by the prophetic Fiver- and the book is less  than 1/2 over! The book is over 400 pages but personally, it was so  exciting that it seemed too short when I read it. The first 100 pages  aren't very exciting at all- but don't let that throw you, because the plot  thickens. In fact, I found it so intoxicating that now that I'm finished, I  feel upset because I still want to hear more about their adventures. I look  forward to reading the sequel, &quot;Tales from Watership Down&quot;in the  near future. Fellow WD fans, e-mail me at yhwh_86_40475@yahoo.com!
0140386335|5.0|This is a true work of art! i love it! Every moment of reading it was a absolute treasure. This book has all the qualifications to be the best book in my case, it has everything(fantasy, adventure, poetry, mystery, etc.,).  The movie is a failure compared to what Michael Ende wrote. it is a true  masterpiece!
B00000I8UD|3.0|There are a few splendid songs on this disc.  Among them are I Surrender, Thalhiem, Cafe Europa and Dobro #1.  The bad thing is that there are too many weak moments in between, and two awful tracks, number 10 and 11.   Secrets of the Beehive must surely remain his masterpiece, forever.
6305064490|5.0|This is one of those few entertainment experiences that can profoundly change a person's philospohical perspective about society in general, and people in particular.  What a way to feel good about yourself.  I think it  was the first time a film moved me to tears of joy, and it amazes me that I  don't come across more people that don't count this as their all-time  favorite movie when the discussion comes up.  I know it certainly is mine.   And the creators of &quot;Sesame Street&quot; must have appreciated it as  well, they named two of their most beloved muppets after two characters  from the movie (Bert and Ernie, the cop and the cab driver...)
B000020617|5.0|This is one of those albums that gets more catchy and good the more you listen to it.  I think people should give it a few listens (say 5-10) before passing judgment.  I think it rocks, and the CD-ROM part is  entertaining.  It surprised the heck out of me by having the learn to fly  video on it.  Nevertheless, Foo Fighters is BY FAR the best rock band out  there right now.  Down with Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock!
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is terrible. I'm sorry, but this band is so uncreative. This is not rap / rock, and certainly not metal. Just because there's guitars on the chorus of a song like &quot;Nookie&quot; doesn't make them rap / rock.  If that's what you want, try Rage Against the Machine, System of a Down or  something like that. Limp Bizkit is so unoriginal, it's terrible. Of  course, this won't stop a lot of people from buying the CD because they see  it on MTV's TRL every day.
B000003TA4|5.0|This album has had a profound impact on my life, in that it made me a music fan.  I didn't even catch on until 1992, but when we had a mosh pit at my 8th grade school dance dancing to &quot;Lithium&quot;, I said  &quot;wow&quot; , and I have been saying it ever since.  They made music  great again after the prissiness of the eighties with this album.  Don't  let anyone tell you otherwise.  It's too bad kids growing up now are  blinded by the noise they call rap-rock.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen, and not for the stunning visual effects (which were quite stunning indeed), but for the story. As one who believes he has met his soulmate, and then lost her (no suicied  involved though), this movie touched me to the deepest depths of my being  and gave me hope that true love can never be lost! I have also traveled  from the heights of heaven to the depths of hell in the past several  months, and would have chosen what Robin Williams did at the end (good  ending). I still have some hope to believe that we will also end up back in  the heights of heaven in this life.<br />Me
6304119046|5.0|Before I reveal my review of &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;, I need to make something clear. I am not critiquing anything but the film. Anyone who didn't like this film as much as I did is totally entitled to their  opinion. I wish that some of the people on this site would remember that we  are here to make a comment on a movie, not judge other reviewers based on  their views of that movie.                That said, I love this movie a  lot. I thought it was one of the most intelligent things ever put on the  screen. My great admiration for this film is not so much because of the  technical wizardry, but because of the moving plot. The story of Charles  Foster Kane is one of how greed and opportunity can destroy a man's ideals.  Rosebud is a symbol of Kane's lost innocence, a relic from his humble but  happy youth, before he became rich. Orson Welles is a genius, and this film  richly deserved to be rated the best movie of the century.
B00000JCB2|1.0|How can you people enjoy this TRASH.  First of all if limp bizkit wasn't popular, mainstream, or commercial than half of you followers wouldn't even bother to pick up the cd let alone listen to it, but unfortunately limp  bizkit has become popular.  Their combination of rap and rock is atrocious,  their lyrics are so bad they're embarassing, the musical talent...who am I  kidding? They have no musical talent!   I have heard both of the cds and  it makes me sick that this no-talent band has now become a corporate, teeny  bopper band in which EVERYBODY must like limp bizkit. You people make me  sick.  Take a look at yourself and this &quot;music&quot;.  Haven't you  come to the realization that you're followers listening to a band that in  themselves are followers.  I just want this review to make some sense to  the intelligent men and women who don't have to buy an album because it's  on MTV, or because their friends say it's popular.  BASICALLY LIMP BIZKIT  IS HORRIBLE, BOTH OF THEIR CD'S ARE HORRIBLE, AND IN ONE YEAR THEY'LL BE  FORGOTTEN LEAVING NO SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON SOCIETY.
0385334206|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut plays god in this novel and has a lot of fun doing it.  He's a crazy old man and I love him.
0440219078|5.0|This book is different..definitely different.  I read it the summer before sixth grade, and I loved it!  I didn't believe that any of it would be true, so I did not start to not trust parents anymore, as another reviewer  assumed a sixth grader would.  Really...sixth graders are smarter than  that!  It is kind of sad, but it was great!  It was a tad bit confusing,  but as a whole, I loved it, and so did all of my friends!  I think it  should be read the summer before sixth grade or later.
0385333846|5.0|One of the best novels of the century.  Simply amazing
6305627347|3.0|I watched this movie.  This movie is really funny. The only problem is the swearing there is lots and lots of swearing.  I really do not recomend kids to see this movie at all. Thank you for listening
0767840135|3.0|After the glowing recommendations, I purchased the tape.  Slighly, more than slightly, disappointed.  Certainly different but...was it entertaining?  Not particularly.  Acts were too long, too trite for the  most part.  A few good acts but you have to be very patient.
079073804X|4.0|Time it seems cannot wither the merciless sensory onslaught that is Friedkin's masterpiece, The Exorcist. Credible and believable acting performances throughout, Blatty's taut, erudite script is simultaneously  uplifting and terrifying, (parts of which were criminally ignored by  Friedkin) however the film is almost torpedoed by some  wholly unnecessary  visual effects that now appear laughably dated.  Father Lankester Merrin is  an ageing Jesuit priest who has for many years been battling a most  pernicious, elusive foe - the demon Pazuzu. It is this nefarious entity  that is to manifest itself in the unfortunate 13 year old Regan MacNeil,  who has exposed herself to demonic attack by dabbling with a Ouija board.  Henceforth the lives of Regan and her divorced mother Chris are torn  asunder in a vortex of infernal violence. No medical cause can be  ascertained for Regan's appalling behaviour - a horribly invasive  examination of Regan at the hands of doctors and psychiatrists produce no  answers. In despair, the athiest Chris turns to Father Damien Karras, a  Jesuit priest who, after the lonely death of his mother is undergoing a  crisis of faith. Karras advises against exorcism, although he is forced to  reconsider as Regan deteriorates and the demon wreaks havoc all around.  After receiving permission from the Church, he goes about the exorcism with  Father Merrin who has been anticipating a final confrontation with his old  enemy.    The Exorcist still contains scenes that are undeniably shocking -  the crucifix sequence in particular. However the film veers very close to  self-destruction with some nonsensical special effects that include Regan's  head revolving a full 360 degrees (Blatty is reported to have told Friedkin  'Supernatural does not mean impossible'). I can't help feeling that The  Exorcist would have been an even better film if the director had heeded  some of the writer's advice. Despite this complaint The Exorcist makes for  terrifying viewing.A sinister, economical score soundtracks a documentary  style of direction that plunges the viewer into the very core of the  insanity. Friedkin's subliminal editing also produces some disquieting  results (a ghastly white face appears for a milisecond during Karras' dream  of his mother - blink and you'll miss it). After watching this film you  will be completely drained, exhilarated - and reaching for the rosaries.
B00000JYGX|5.0|This is the most beautiful musical that I have ever heard with the most powerful messages that reach from the past into today.  Clopin's appeal for &quot;un monde sans misere et sans frontieres&quot; reaches into the heart  making the universal plea to be accepted for who we are.  Anyone who  listens to this will be &quot;ensorcelle&quot; by the language and the most  tragic and amazing love story. MAGNIFIQUE!
0136879721|5.0|one  of the most powerful books that i have come acrossed .these book has made a difference in my life . i thank the author DR joseph murphy for these excellent book
B000001DQI|5.0|This is unquestionably the best cd ever recorded. 17 varied, wonderful songs. Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting, Candle In The Wind, Bennie and the Jets, etc. etc. etc. Proof positive that Elton John is the most  talented songwriter of the 20th century.
B00000HYXB|5.0|There is no other word to describe this album. This album has become my favorite metal album. A friend mentioned it to me and I have since bought all of Blind Guardian's other CD's. This one is the best. It is full of  complex and lush guitar arrangements that are well accompanied by the  drums, bass and other effects such as piano and flute. The vocals are  nothing short of incredible. Hansi has an incredible voice and the choruses  are unbelievable. Top this off with the story of J.R.R. Tolkien's  Silmarillion and you have something that is Majestic.
B000007R1E|5.0|I was once a huge Moody Blues fan, but much of their music irritates me today, except for a large catalog of Justin Hayward songs. Let's face it, he was the heart and soul of the group. This album represents the  culmination of everything they were attempting in the late '60s and early  '70s. It's no wonder they broke up shortly after its release. All the  members seemed to be hitting on all cylinders for this album. From  beginning to end, it is the Moodies only perfect album. Each song blends  very smoothly into the next, and Hayward's songs on this album are some of  his finest. &quot;New Horizons&quot; is still my favorite Moodies song. I  hadn't listened to this album in years, because for years my vinyl copy was  in storage thousands of miles away. While living in Nairobi, Kenya, I saw a  used copy of the CD in a music store, and I snapped it up. Listening to it  again brought back many good memories, and the CD is in regular rotation on  my car stereo. Subsequently, I have listened to other Moodies CDs, and none  of them recapture the essence of the band like this one. The only other CD  I would recommend is This Is The Moody Blues, a double-album collection of  their early greatest hits, but, alas, I can never find it, not even at  amazon.com. By the way, since Mike Pinder left the group, the Moodies have  never really been the same; Pinder was odd, but he added an ethereal  quality to the group that was gorgeous.
B00002EPMF|5.0|This is what you would expect from Chuck and members of the Death crew. The guitar work is incredible and the song arrangements are complex and well played. It sounds cool to have someone other than Chuck singing his  songs, it gives them a little more fullness than when he sings. There is no  doubt, this is a great album, if you like metal, you need this album.
0060254920|5.0|Do NOT let your children leave childhood without this book! No book gave my 3 boys or me more pleasure at bedtime story reading than this one. The narrative is so polished and perfect that after 2 or 3 readings you will  not be permitted to misspeak a single syllable - though it's always fun to  try. But this book is more than entertainment. The themes of journey and  monsters and the safe harbor of home seem to strike a very deep chord with  kids. I cannot say enough good things about this book.
B000002H97|5.0|this is one of the greatest metal albums ever.  it influenced probably a whole generation of metalheads.  as for your &quot;metal god&quot; he probably strums his guitar and sings about his mama and puppy dog which of  course is more easy listening.  sir i suggest you listen to it again and if  you dont like this album you probably dislike the entire genre of  thrash/speed metal or all of metal for that matter.
B000009EAD|4.0|I have heard Queensryche described as a &quot;musician's band.&quot;  I have heard Megadeth described as &quot;a thinking man's metal.&quot;  As far as I'm concerned, Iced Earth fits in both of these categories.  With  &quot;Something Wicked...&quot; you get strong musicianship, cerebral  lyrics, and more passion than I've heard on any album except &quot;The Dark  Saga.&quot;<br />Kornheads:  Open your minds.  I happen to like the first Korn  and Issues.  Give Dark Saga a listen, or Something Wicked.  You might like  it.
B000002HMH|4.0|metallica still shows heaviness in some of the songs and although some, like hero of the day, are softy BS, a lot of the songs are good.  this CD is good for you whether you like pearl jam or megadeth but i gaurentee  you'll be skipping at least 3 songs on your trip through load.
6305263248|5.0|This movie is a perfect &quot;intelligent&quot; action/suspense thriller.  The car chases are probably the best ever filmed; they surpass those in Bullit by the same director, and they are not even the best part of the  film, just a bonus!   The plot is not &quot;thready&quot; by any means, as  it was dubbed by many critics, rather it is intracately designed for the  alert viewer to spot various clues and keep them guessing until the end.   The action is incomparble for this type of film.  Beyond the filmic  elements, this sort of subject matter is appealing to many, as well as the  beautiful locations of France.  Above all this is the smart man's action  film.  I would not be without it in my DVD library. Possibly one of the ten  or fifteen best films of 1998, it is that enjoyable!
6304994540|5.0|this is the one movie that i could watch continuously and never be bored.  right on, coens.  congratulations to all involved on the cinematic masterpiece you have created.  i find myself thinking of my nutcase friends  everytime i see this movie. the best film roles to date by both bridges and  goodman, and the film wouldn't be the same without the simpleton nuances of  steve buscemi.
0790734850|5.0|This film was not unanimously the best film of 1997, but in my opinion it was.  The Hollywood movie of distinct quality.  Somewhat of a rarity in todays movie business.  The parts played by Pearce, Crowe, Spacey, and  Cromwell, are played brilliantly, and assist in bringing us back to 1950's  Los Angeles.  The plot itself is brilliant and entirely engrossing.  The  atmosphere created, with the soundtrack, the wardrobe, the settings, create  an absolutely perfect piece of filmaking.  I am not giving anything in  terms of plot away in order for you to thoroughly enjoy your first viewing  of it unhindered.
0385421982|1.0|A second year law school student writes a brief on who is behind the assasination of two Supreme Court Justices; although she really has no direct evidence, only a motive, the powers that be try to kill her; of  course that's even more ridiculous because that would only validate her  theory; the fact that she is able to elude these ruthless professional  killers throughout the book makes it even more unrealistic; the only  positive thing I could say is that at least the book is better than the  movie!
0553278355|5.0|This wonderful, semi-autobiographical work is one of the best out there. It is a very intriguing look at a young woman's descent into madness. THE BELL JAR explores many interesting facets of human personality and raises  questions regarding what is &quot;sane&quot; and what is not. The book is  intellectually stimulating, yet an easy, quick read. I would readily  recommend this book to anyone and everyone.
0553565915|5.0|&quot;Embraced By The Light&quot; is the best book I have ever read.  It explained to me &quot;why&quot; we are here and &quot;what we have to look forward to&quot;.  It has really changed my life. I recently lost both  parents and a beloved pet and the book helped me beyond belief to deal with  the deaths and grieving process.  If every child read and studied the  teachings of this spiritual book in school, then perhaps we would NOT have  the violence in the schools and streets we have today.
B00000K44W|5.0|Heavy Horses is one of the best albums of Jethro Tull. The lyrics and the tunes in this album send you back to the past when heavy horses roamed wild and send you to the wild and rustic environs. A must for any Tull fan.
B000002G87|5.0|Derek and the Dominos Layla sessions, is an incredible blues rock cd.  It ranges from hardcore blues-key to the highway to an old fashioned blues rock song with Why does love got to be so sad, featuring one of claptons  greatest solos ever in why does love got to be so sad.  If you're looking  for a great blues cd, featuring two of the best blues guitarist of the time  (Eric Clapton, Duane Allman) than this cd is a must.
B000002GVO|5.0|Without fanfare, Elektra has slipped a digitally remastered version of &quot;Hotel California&quot; into the pipeline, designated by a sticker on the front cover which states, &quot;Digitally remastered for the first  time.&quot;  While it's unclear whether Elektra plans to upgrade the entire  Eagles catalog, fans of the genre may also find Elektra's unballyhooed  remastering of Jackson Browne's first six efforts (&quot;Saturate Before  Using&quot; through &quot;Hold Out&quot;) a great way to &quot;Take It  Easy&quot; in the meantime.
6303109950|4.0|There are few westerns that can compare to this film.  It is vastly underrated and Val Kilmer gives a bravo performance as Doc Holliday.  The only western that comes to mind that compares is &quot;The Searchers&quot;.   And it's not really fair to compare any western to &quot;The  Searchers&quot;.  Kurt Russell is totally believable as Wyatt Earp and if  not for Val Kilmer, should have at least been mentioned for the Academy  Award.  He's that good.  Westerns do not fair well in Hollywood.  &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot; not withstanding.  Russell always gives a believable  performance and it's time he is recognized.  I must admit, that any western  with Sam Elliot can't be bad.  In fact a couple of years ago Elliot would  have been the perfect &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  There's alot of action, but  it does not overwelm the storytelling here.  In short, don't just rent this  film, go out and buy it.  It's a classic.
B000002USN|3.0|You Frank fans seem to forget that Frank is also an ego in and of himself.  The other singers have just as great standing (some better...Barbara and Arethra) as Sinatra himself.  WAKE UP!  Frank is not the only man God  chose to give a great voice! And I must say for added measure, Bono I  believe adds a bit of spark and spice to a once lacking song!
B00001U0DP|5.0|i did not want to like this film when i watched it. i was at glastonbury at an open air cinema and there were cries of &quot;what is this, bbc 2&quot; but inspite of the language barrier the emotions within the film  carry through.it manages to communicate the love felt by a father for his  son and does the impossible when it adds comedy to the holocaust. this is  probably the best film to win an oscar and an eye opening experience
630512762X|5.0|Face/Off is a spectacular film.  It is a definite classic in terms of modern action films.  Face/Off, like many action films, has enough explosive action scenes to leave you on the edge of your seat.  However,  unlike most action films, Face/Off's brilliance is found in its story,its  direction, and its acting, not in its action sequences.  With superb acting  by two very talented actors, Nicholas Cage and John Travolta, the viewer is  caught up in the story rather than the action, it almost deserves the  category of &quot;action drama.&quot;  Although, being a John Woo movie,  the action sequences are nothing short of spectacular.  Face/Off, a  combination of great acting, a great story, and well-choreographed action,  is a must see for any action lover.
6305426651|5.0|It takes a lot to get me to watch a movie nowadays, but this movie was one of the best ones I have ever seen! Clean, fun and unlike many movies, actually respects the fact that you can infer what is going on from the  context. A definite reccomend!
6303430570|5.0|This film reached cult classic status a long time ago and, with the release of Dogma, is on the brink of becoming a mainstream movie. The direction is basic, the plot is silly, the acting is halting but the film  still manages to be one of my all time favourites, why? Because of the  awesome scripting. The characters seem alive and the set ups are hilarious.   It is a film so filled with quotable lines that it needs to be watched  weekly, in order to remind yourself of the ones you've forgotten.  Oh, the  acting, direction and plot might be iffy but thats only because of the  financial constraints of a $30,000 budget.
B000002WAD|1.0|When this came out, someone gave it to me as a gift (tell me what I did and I'll apologize).  Last night, I was going through some old CDs and put this one on.  I don't know if I'll ever be the same.  This is absolutely  wretched.  Vile.  Hideous.  Mr. Astley sounds, through his vocals, as  though he is being tortured and is, for some reason, compelled to pass the  favor on to us, the innocent music-buying public.<br />This is a bad album,  performed by a minor talent.  If you want to revisit the very worst of the  late 1980s, this is a good place to start.  If, on the other hand, you are  a music lover, look elsewhere.  Anywhere else.
6303257844|5.0|I really love this movie because of the plot, the acting and the stars. I recommend this movie to everyone. This is my favourite action movie.
B00002E233|4.0|This is, by far, the most entertaining movie I've seen this year. I've waited months to see this movie and went with high expectations getting just what I wanted: a thrill-packed action movie.   The movie doesn't have  much of a plot, but if it keeps you on the edge of your seat for two  hours... forget about the plot, it's non-stop fun what matters.  You don't  have to be an action fan to enjoy this non-stop rollercoaster (if you're  not at least you'll get to see a very, and I mean very, beautiful woman  strip down to her bikini).  Rent it, enjoy it and buy it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink-182 is the coolest band ever. Enema of the state is nothing like Dude Ranch though. Every song on the new album is awesome. I never get tired of it! The best songs are &quot;What's my age again?&quot; and  &quot;All the small things&quot;. The Pary Song is hilarious too! But  what's up with the Parental Advisory? This CD doesnt even have that much  profanity on it. Well I VERY highly recommend this CD. It's the best I've  heard so far and probably will be the best I ever hear!
B00001ZWTT|3.0|Well, in my severe opinion,I expected this movie to be a little more (let's say) enjoyable. The only reason I'm giving the movie 3 stars is because it made me laugh (the part when Will and Kevin argue about a brest)  and the last part of the movie, which is, to say, fun.   Despuite that, the  movie has a story, that only can be helped by the special effects.   If  you're a Will Smith fan, then this is your movie. If you're not, by the  time the movie is over, you'll be unconscious or maybe even dead  ....  (kidding).<br /> Rent it and judge it first, don't let anyone influence or  talk you into buying this movie; then buy it.
6305627401|5.0|I spend most of the movie blinded by tears streaming down my cheeks. Definately for a younger crowd (or young at heart). Totally irreverent, and spares no one. It was the funniest movie that I have ever seen. The only  thing that I didn't like was all the singing. But even some of that was  hilarious.
B000003TA4|1.0|Rolling Stone recently picked Kurt Cobain as the musician of the decade.  Too bad he hasn't been around for the last half of it.  Would Nirvana be worshipped like they are if Cobain hadn't killed himself?  Probably not.   Cobain didn't speak to a wide range of people.  His songs were downright  depressing, and in many instances, very mean-spirited.  He was not an  innovator, and he didn't change music.  If MTV would'nt have played that  damn &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; video thousands of times, no one  would have known who the hell this band was.  Cobain was a poor guitarist,  and an even worse singer.  Check out the band's Unplugged performance for  evidence of that (as he rips off about a dozen Meat Puppets songs).  I have  always hated Nirvana, not because everyone who wanted to be different loved  them, but because their music was intolerable.  It's sad to see that bands  like this flourished, while bands like Soundgarden struggled for years to  get their due respect, and bands like Faith No More never did get their due  respect.  Kurt Cobain smoked himself over five years ago.  Get over it.  He  obviously wasn't the whole band; just look at how nicely Dave Grohl has  done for himself since.
6305232660|4.0|This is a movie to behold!<BR> The Deepness of this movie captivates you in a way never seen before. <BR> The soundtrack for this movie is exceptionally remarkable too. <BR> If you want A deep impact, go for  it!<BR>
0446525537|5.0|This is the most amazing book I have ever read.  It took me only three hours to read the beautiful words of Nicholas Sparks from cover to cover.  I laughed and then I sobbed...I would recommend this book to anyone willing  to take a look at their own lives, and wonder what is missing...
B00000DMJF|5.0|The Beatles White Album.  One of their crowning achievments.  With 30 songs, this album presents a different musical aspect in almost every song. There are only a few songs on here that are your normal Rock 'n' Roll(Back  In The USSR, Birthday, Your Blues, Me and My Monkey).  But, I am not  putting those songs down, they stand just as well as the other songs.  My  favorite song on the album is Happiness Is A Warm Gun.  This song changes  tempos a lot, and it has 4 seperate &quot;themes&quot; represented in it.   The rest is great also.  Even Ringo's song(Don't Pass Me By) is ok to  listen too.  Some people think this should've been cut to a single album,  but I disagree.  I enjoy the effect of 2 discs.  It is an incredible double  album.  This is a MUST for Beatles fans and you should also try it if you  are just looking for a good album.
0446525537|5.0|This is the most amazing book I have ever read.  It took me only three hours to read the beautiful words of Nicholas Sparks from cover to cover.  I laughed and then I sobbed...I would recommend this book to anyone willing  to take a look at their own lives, and wonder what is missing...
B000002UAO|5.0|If the Beatles had not made Revolver just five short months after recording this masterpiece, this would be the greatest record of all time, and it's more or less impossible to talk about one without discussing the other (even George Harrison said that he thought of the two records as one record). This is the Beatles at the crest of their powers, consolidating all of the strengths that they had developed over their first five albums and very subtly stretching the limits of the three-minute pop song; with Revolver, they simply refashioned \\"pop\\" in their own image.<br /><br />With hindsight, it's difficult to imagine how sweetly subversive Rubber Soul was when it was released in December of 1965. On its surface, the record picks up where the strongest tracks from the Help! era (\\"I've Just Seen a Face\\", \\"Yesterday\\", \\"Ticket to Ride\\" and its B-side, \\"Yes It Is\\") left off: the Beatles, for the most part, stick to their standard instruments (guitars, bass, drums and piano), with only a couple of notable exceptions; almost all of the songs (to greater or lesser degrees) deal with male-female relationships; and the longest track, \\"You Won't See Me\\", clocks in at just three-and-a-half minutes. However, on closer inspection, everything about the album--lyric content, instrumental shadings, ensemble playing, and production--has greater depth than its predecessor. Even the cover photo is a fascinating departure: the crisp photographs of four smiling moptops on past covers have been supplanted by a distorted fish-eye lens image of four detached, pot-smoking hipsters standing together, but looking in separate directions.  After one listen to the record, it's easy to see the significance and propriety of the cover shot.<br /><br />Musically, the sheer sound of the record is stunning, with palpable space between instruments on every track; I'm always at a loss when I try to describe the exact appeal of the production here, but the word I usually use is \\"human\\". It's a warm, organic, welcoming sound that I can't compare to any other album that I've ever heard. Out of all the band members, Paul McCartney benefits most both from the change in production and approach. For the first time on any Beatles record, his bass is recorded clearly and he takes full advantage of the situation, playing with amazing fluidity and taste on every single song. (This album also marks the welcome debut of his trademark runs high on the bass neck.) Some bass highlights: \\"The Word\\", \\"Drive My Car\\", \\"You Won't See Me\\", \\"In My Life\\", and his oft-neglected contribution to \\"Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)\\". As added bonuses, the drums and acoustic guitars are also mic'ed very intimately and sound very (once again, for lack of a better word) \\"present\\", and the band plays together throughout with an empathy only hinted at in their previous work.<br /><br />The songwriting on Rubber Soul also marks a dramatic step forward, particularly for John Lennon (McCartney was to reach his peak on the next album). The Lennon-McCartney collaboration \\"In My Life\\" is the their best pre-Revolver composition: a heartfelt meditation on loss and death that never slides into idle navel-gazing, it's married to one of McCartney's most compassionate melodies and sets of chord changes. Lennon's \\"Norwegian Wood\\" and \\"Girl\\" are brilliant acoustic songs, each representing a different side of Lennon's increasingly complex romantic nature. In the former, Lennon burns a teasing would-be lover's house down after she coyly refuses to sleep with him; in the latter, he pines for a woman who \\"puts you down when friends are there\\" and who feels that \\"a man must break his back to earn his day of leisure\\". More importantly, the band's musical touches--\\"Girl\\"'s Germanic waltz tempo and capo'ed acoustics, \\"Wood\\"'s rolling 6/8 folk rhythm and playfully sinister sitar--perfectly mirror the lyrical content of each. [Just as an aside, it seems worth noting that \\"Wood\\" was among the first two songs recorded specifically for this album, while \\"Girl\\" was the last.]<br /><br />McCartney's writing, although uniformly strong throughout, shines brightest on \\"I'm Looking Through You\\" and \\"You Won't See Me\\", both of which can be \\"read\\" as embittered assessments of his then-failing relationship with actress Jane Asher. Additionally, Harrison's \\"If I Needed Someone\\" and \\"Think For Yourself\\" are two of his finest (and most diametrically opposed in terms of their outlook) compositions.<br /><br />Without the mildly monotonous drone of \\"Nowhere Man\\" (which is at least livened greatly by Harrison's trebly Stratocaster solo) or the vaugely pedestrian \\"What Goes On\\" (whose verses are actually pleasant enough), this album would be every bit the equal of Revolver. This album is all the more remarkable for the fact that the entire project was recorded and (for the most part) written in just under a month. As it stands, Rubber Soul is absolutely essential and anyone with even the most remote interest in pop music should own it. Quite simply, no one can touch the transcendent quality of the late 1965 to mid-1967 Beatles.while \\"Girl\\" was the last.]    McCartney's writing, although uniformly strong throughout, shines brightest on \\"I'm Looking Through You\\" and \\"You Won't See Me\\", both of which can be \\"read\\" as embittered assessments of his then-failing relationship with actress Jane Asher. Additionally, Harrison's \\"If I Needed Someone\\" and \\"Think For Yourself\\" are two of his finest (and most diametrically opposed in terms of their outlook) compositions.    Without the mildly monotonous drone of \\"Nowhere Man\\" (which is at least livened greatly by Harrison's trebly Stratocaster solo) or the vaugely pedestrian \\"What Goes On\\" (whose verses are actually pleasant enough), this album would be every bit the equal of Revolver. This album is all the more remarkable for the fact that the entire project was recorded and (for the most part) written in just under a month. As it stands, Rubber Soul is absolutely essential and anyone with even the most remote interest in pop music should own it. Quite simply, no one can touch the transcendent quality of the late 1965 to mid-1967 Beatles.
0446525537|5.0|This is the most amazing book I have ever read.  It took me only three hours to read the beautiful words of Nicholas Sparks from cover to cover.  I laughed and then I sobbed...I would recommend this book to anyone willing  to take a look at their own lives, and wonder what is missing...
6305428425|5.0|I liked this movie for two reasons: one because it's good, two, because I'm a great fan of Lisa Kudrow. Nothing spectacular about the movie, but parts of it are quite funny. And Lisa Kudrow is awesome. So I'm biased in  giving this movie a 5-star.
078062565X|5.0|This film is still magic. Its a larger-than-life (no pun intended) pulp fiction script coupled with excellent pre-computer trick photography. The brontosaurus rising out of the water to assault the raft is poorly done but  when it's shown chasing the sailors, the effect is wonderful. The  tyrannosaurus rex tops the one in Jurassic Park. Its swift lizard-like   movements and rasping growl are incredibly effective. In the Making of King  Kong, authors Orville Goldner and George Turner indicate filmed but cut  scenes (the styracosaurus, the spiders in the pit, etc.). One only wishes  these scenes were at least saved. How could they not? Freeze frame the  diner scene and just look at Fay Wray's face and behold absolute beauty.  What a Depression era masterpiece is King Kong-what a movie for all time.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Straight up, Rage is the most innovative bands of the '90's. Morello plays the guitar like no one today, and i'm doubting anyone can touch him in the coming year.  In the age of one hit wonders, and pretty boys that can sing  in harmony, Rage comes through with another solid album.  I've been a rage  fan for about 4 years now, and have loved every minute of the past 2  albums.  Zack doesn't sing nice love songs, or how he likes girls that wear  abercrombie and fitch.  Rage gets to the issues.  Some may find their  political standards as odd, but if you really read into what they're  talking about, you find out why the band has devoted their lives to getting  this message out.  The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because I  know Rage could produce a little more intense guitar, and a faster beat to  some of the songs.  This one falls just short of the self-titled album, in  that the first album each song had a unique sound.  Some of the guitar on  LA is repetative, but it's great and it fits perfectly.  The first single  &quot;guerrilla radio&quot; is a great song, but not the best.   &quot;testify&quot; and &quot;sleep now in the fire&quot; are the standout  tracks to me.  For some reason this album didn't get me out of my seat as  the other ones did. Lights out.
B00000JPHE|4.0|The first part of the Lugosi Dracula, in the Carpathian Mountains, is absolutely eerie. It becomes stage bound in the London sequences and loses the compelling terror. Bela Lugosi is still the best Dracula. Repeated  lampooning of his style has unfortunately watered down his interpretation,  but nevertheless he blends the courtly count with the spirit of the undead  just enough to give us a plausable concept of a diseased demon come to  life. One key aspect of the Carpathian sequences especially at the castle  is the lack of music. The quiet enhances these scenes particularly those  moments when Dracula and his brides rise from their coffins as well as when  the brides approach the unconcious Renfield. I have not seen the version  with the great Philip Glass's music added, but I can not imagine these  sequences being improved upon by anyone's music. This version of Dracula is  worth seeing for the brilliant first half.
B000002KKX|5.0|I have over 200 CDs, have listened to most of my CDs on headphones and have found this one to be superior to the rest.  The fading and panning is worthy of my attesting to this album.  Its perfect with a glass of wine and  a good woman next to your fireplace.  A winner every time.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I suspect that most people that didn't like this movie either don't have kids or just don't know how to love (yet). Some, I think, missed the point of this movie. You don't have to believe it could happen, it's to believe  what a parent would do to protect his/her child.<br />I've never seen a movie  that could make you laugh and cry simultaneously. Like the scene when he  translated the instructions from German to Italian. This was so funny and  so sad at the same time. It's a amazing he pulled it off.
B0000062FL|5.0|This is the most popular album from Santana of all time, and rightly so.  The original 9 songs are awesome with the famous Black Magic Woman and Oye Como Va, and some less knowns that are just as great Song of The Wind and  Samba Pa Ti.  I recommend this album to all people who like classic rock of  the Woodstock Era.
B00000IGGA|5.0|If Tom Waits were to die tomorrow (And let's pray for the sake of music everywhere he doesn't) how would reviewers treat a retrospective of his work?  Certainly, they'd look at Mule Variation, his latest release, and  probably realize that no album really sums up the contradictions and phases  of Waits better.  This album combines almost every type of music he's ever  made, from the Raindogs vibe of &quot;Phillipeno Box Spring Hog&quot; to  the failed love of &quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; to the jazz  standard &quot;Picture in a Frame&quot;.     Waits is truly a maverick, and  one of the greatest songwriters of the last 50 years.  This album really  allows the power of music, gimmick free, to explode into the listener's  ear.  I was caught first by &quot;Cold Water&quot; his rather dark and  ironicly funny paen to homelessness.  Later, the rest of the album song by  song clicked into place.  Buy this album to hear what REAL musicians do.
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is one of my personal favorite Santana albums of all time.  It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.  THe album is almost entirely insttrumental so fans that hate instrumentals should avoid this one.
B000002JKA|5.0|OH MY GOD DO I LOVE THIS ALBUM!  I just got it today and boy am i impressed!   Dream theater is probably one of the most technical bands to date.  Amazing guitar solos combined with very, very abrupt time changes.  John Petrucci and Mike Portnoy are a force to be reckoned with.  Every song  is equal in my opinion.      James Labrie has one of the most distinct  voices in metal.  I'd certainly call his voice reminiscent to Bruce  Dickinson's.     Why wouldn't any musician not appreciate this?  The  closed-minded fascist who gave this cd 1 star does not know what he is  speaking about. to people like him, some local band is heavier than  anything else because it is underground.  People like him don't appreciate  this because, get this, bands like DT aren't &quot;metal&quot; enough for  them. My God!  do i hate stupid people!
B000002534|5.0|This is a solid (every track is awesome) jazz/rock fusion album from Santana.  From the opening percussion track to the great instrumental songs Promise of a Fisherman and Flor De Canela this album is perfect to listen  to all the way through.
B0000214F2|5.0|this was a great movie . I love Robin Williams and any one who thinks that this movie is bad has no life. It was funny, sad, romantic , and inspiring. I'll actually buy it ! I've never bought a movie in my life. go Patch Adams  and Robin !
B00000254Q|4.0|This is a short (7 songs) Santana album that has two instantly recognizable hits (Dance Sister Dance and Europa), and while the other songs on this album don't fare guite as well as the previously mentioned  two they are well worth a listen.  Most notable of those songs is the  accoustical Afro-Cuban sounding Gitano.
6304233639|4.0|With the talents of Will Smith, Bill Pullman, and many others, who can ask why this movie was such a big hit. Here's the story: an alien fleet arrives, destroys a whole lot of stuff, then...... You'll have to watch the  move to find out. Brilliant special effects, an outstanding cast,  Independence Day is a movie the whole family will enjoy.
B0000026CN|5.0|This is an awesome Carlos Santana solo project album that is mostly instrumentals.  After a long stretch of poppy 80's abums Carlos comes out with his full genius of guitar playing.  THe song Bella is used in the love  scene from the movie Desperado. Other great tracks are Bailando and the  albums title track Blues For Salvador which is an impromptu studio jam  between Carlos and his keyboardist Chester Thompson.
6303148352|4.0|Steven Spielberg has done it again. Like it's predecessors Schindler's List and Jaws, Jurassic Park has broken numerous records in film history. Our storyline is a very simple one: a billionaire creates an amusement park  with cloned dinosaurs, he invites several people to come view it, then  something happens with the locks that keep the dinosaur cages locked. Uh  oh!  Surprising twists and great computer generated special effects for  it's year, Jurassic Park is a film you'll want to experience over and over  again.
078401115X|5.0|This is probably the most scary movie I have ever seen. The oppressive atmosphere that it creates, and the excellent directing and acting make it without any doubt the best thriller of its kind in more than a decade. Some  more recent movies, like The Sixth Sense, owe Angel Heart its use of a  masterly final turn into the plot that will keep you glued to your seat. It  also has one of the most steamy sex scenes I have ever seen in the movies,  and it reportedly costed Lisa Bonet her job with Bill Cosby on his tv  series. Incredibly enough, Mickey Rourke delivers a great performance as  the antiheroe-detective that is the spiraling center of the action, and  Robert the Niro has an intriguing and incredible role. Don't miss it!
6300182266|5.0|This is one picture which actually managed to survive in the shadow of 'Star Wars'. What Galactica succeeded in doing was to outdo the plot of any of George Lucas's space soap-op epics (including this dreadfully overrated,  digitally SFXed First Episode tripe) and throw in a great deal of other  original elements in the bargain. The idea of Man on the run through space  was a great reservoir to tap for a film and the opening narration by  Patrick Macnee is reminiscent of Erich von Daniken's 'Chariots of the  Gods?'. Other strong points include the work of John Dykstra who gave  Galactica a fighting chance by injecting as many SFX into it as he had on  'Star Wars: A New Hope'. The sets are well designed and the fact that both  the film and television series (the film was actually synthesised from  episodes 1 and 5 of the series) had to keep to a none-too-loose budget  hardly shows at all. What damaged the tv series and, to a lesser degree the  film as well, was the acting and the lack of continuous shoot-em-up  violence which had inspired countless kids who had seen 'Star Wars' to go  out and buy X-wings and Tie-fighters. Colla was directing a cast culled  from the wrong schools. Richard Hatch, for example, was great as Apollo, to  be sure, but he had come in fresh from a soap opera background. This was  not a film-oriented group of actors at all, which may have looked good for  the series's prospects but the overall effect was to doom the series to a  cult cathode following. Also, the Cylons (the B.G. equivalent of the Evil  Empire) are just too unfrightening in form and they borderline being great  targets for derision and comedy. One thing the film did get right was  establishing a good story filled with terrific visuals, high symbolism and  delivering a package which deserved to take on 'Star Wars' in critical  treatment. While Dirk Benedict, Richard Hatch and Jane Seymour ensured a  good-looking cast to rival that of 'Star Wars', luckily there was Lorne  Greeneto add depth as well, his immense screen presence and patriarchal  method making the viewer see that this isn't a movie about space cowboys  and injuns. A first-rate score and staggering special effects/art direction  are the main players here. 'Battlestar Galactica' had the misfortune to be  dwarfed in apparent glory by 'Star Wars' and drowned out utterly by the  advent of 'The Empire Strikes Back'. In short, it was sandwiched to death  by a competitor and assailed as being too mushy by too many to have ever  been capable of being on par with that competitor. Too bad. Still, this  picture retains a high entertainment value today. For those who claim it  looks too dated, consider that it was Glen Larson's idea to give much of  the costume design the look of an ancient-futuristic fusion. The movie is  the perfect screen vehicle for the series. From the television series, I'd  recommend 'Fire In Space', 'Murder on the Rising Star', 'Lost Planet of the  Gods' and 'The Long Patrol' if you enjoyed the movie. However, a word of  caution is due here: keep away from the ill-fated 'Galactica '80' series or  any of its components. This was the follow-up to the original series and it  single-handledly banged the last few nails into Galactica's coffin, as far  as ABC and its viewers were concerned. You have to wonder just how many  fans became ex-fans because of that alone.
B000031XCR|5.0|The only disappointing thing about this CD but not suprising is that the record company chose the hits that I know a lot of people are tired of listening to.  Years from now I will be very thankful they put them all on  one CD although I do miss MISLED and what about her FIRST U.S. hit WHERE  DOES MY HEART BEAT NOW?  Some important keys are missing BUT it's when you  get to the NEW tracks, the CD comes back full force with Celine sounding  better than she ever has.  I WANT YOU TO NEED ME gave me chills when I  first heard it.  Another Diane warren Classic to be.  The positive feeling  of THAT'S THE WAY IT IS is so uplifting and the almost Shania Twain like IF  WALLS COULD TALK (maybe 'cause it's produced by Shania's husband)is  incredible.  Even the duet with Frank Sinatra sounds believable.  It's  unfortunate Celine is taking a break from the music business but this album  should satisfy until she comes back.
B000006N61|4.0|'Mad Max' is an advertisement for all would-be directors to just take up the 16mm device and damn well shoot. Although the present era is less friendly towards this move, just look at how a crock of dung like 'The  Blair Witch Project' managed to make it to the cinema. This first  installment in the Max trilogy finds a very young Gibson beginning with  perfunctory zest, but soon becoming beset with rage at the loss of his  friends and family. While the acting is above-board all right, the real  stars of the show are the automotives themselves. With the Pursuit  Interceptors running as thinly-veiled Datsun heaps, who could have thought  that so much hps could have been squeezed out of every car in this picture?  Extra kudos go to Toecutter's gang. If you look very carefully at the bit  where Max, fresh out of the hospital where's he learnt that his wife is in  critical and his son dead, charges the bikers on the overcross bridge, you  will see that the biker with the red helmet gets his neck broken by the  distended front wheel of his or a comrade's cycle! Ouch. I wonder if he  died in real life. There's so much in here that is amateur pulling through  as professional-looking, who knows how Miller was able to direct it. At any  rate, the choreographer must have been ripping hairs. The movie itself is  just the right length and the ending is bleak and suggestive for a sequel.  The post-apocalyptic vein was handled in a novel way, showing how  present-day elements could co-exist with the Beginnings of the End. All in  all, to sum this up in three words: cars, violence and good plot. Did I say  violence, already?
B000000I3O|5.0|The Misfits are the pioneers of the punk, and anyone who is anyone in the world of metal or punk credits the Misfits as being their inspiration.  If you have ever felt a fear of burning down your home, killing your loved  ones, beating your grandmother, or sucking your boss' blood, then this  record will relive that fear.  My brother was an elephant once. But about  the album, the Misfits draw influences from across the rock n' roll  spectrum, from straight ahead 1950s rock, to balls-to-the-wall 1970s punk.  Glenn Danzigs mournful yet full fleshed vocals lend to the overlying  fright-night feel of each song.This is by far the best of the Misfits,  combining all the goods from 3+ albums. Good going Misfits!
6304014457|5.0|To simply say that Weine's film represented a fork in the road of cinema would be as much an understatement as it would be a cop-out to coin here. The latter statement is all-too true, though: 'Das Kabinett von Dr.  Caligari' has been so often accredited as being the parent of pre-modern  film-making that the cliche can sadly never be defeated without daring to  challenge the veracity of the claim. At 52 minutes in length (6 reels), the  movie is a veritable carousel ride of thrills, chills and stark surprises,  all presented in a chilling set of surreal art, made even more chilling by  the early Expressionists' love of shadows. The plot is convoluted but not  so much so as to be confusing and a turn-off. A sideshow act comes with a  fair to the German town of Holstenwall. The act is a mountebank (later  revealed to be the head of the local asylum) and his somnambulist prophet  (later revealed to be one of the patients at said institution). No sooner  have they begun to work their concession than a string of murders occur.  The protagonist's friend's is one of them and soon a detective story  unwinds within the parameters of the main story. Behind the killings is  none other than the thinly-masked mountebank, Dr. Caligari, proving for  scientific purposes that he can make his sleepwalker kill upon suggestion.  Director Robert Weine inserts a sharp twist in the story at the end,  rendering the plotline as unreal as any of the scenery in the film. Loaded  with imagery that challenges the sanity but which delights the soul, 'The  Cabinet of Dr. Caligari' is streets ahead of being classifiable just as  being a horror movie ancestor. This is high art - the sets being hard  evidence of Weine and co.'s ardent desires to make a break with cinematic  dogma and go three steps beyond recreating realism for the lens. Here, in a  film shot eighty years ago, can be found suspense of such intensity that it  makes the picture seem more sinister than it really is. Conrad Veidt's  sleepwalker is terrifying and demonic: the viewer knows intuitively that  this type of killer cannot and will not listen to reason or mercy pleas.  Werner Krauss's portrayal of the bad doctor is splendidly done and is more  demonic-looking at times than his zombie-tool. The protagonists - a  student, his would-be girlfriend, her father and the police in Holstenwall  have to go to great pains to try and smoke Caligari out as the villain. The  crags and jagged diagonals of the set augment the fear factor and lend a  soporific heaviness to the characters and their doings. Even so, the actors  merely lie on the periphery of the film's power. The axis here is formed by  the silent, evil lucidity in the movie which serves to remind the viewer  that not only do the actors appear to be dead and otherworldly, they would  have to be dead and otherworldly by now. If I was allowed to watch but one  picture for the rest of my life, this would be it.
B00000AA6C|5.0|This movie is still available in most Australian department stores. Although it is in the PAL format, the video is available in both normal and original theater widescreen versions.
6305014140|5.0|Its so hard to find good quality anime but ninja scrolls rules. It is in my top ten along with akira, and Ghost in the shell.
B000002MY3|1.0|Two HUGE thumbs down for this one.  Listening to this girl attempt to sing is like listening to a mangy, sick alley cat attempt to get its leg free from being caught in a fence.  And her lyrics!  Geez, we wrote better, more  insightful stuff than that in my high school creative writing class.<br />I  mean, this is supposed to be a joke, right?  Except that Alanis is the only  one laughing -- all the way to the bank.  Popular music is in such  ridiculous shape these days.
0800105141|5.0|I'll put it this way. I am 25, have the attention span of a gnat, and I was riveted for the entire 3-4 hours of this film. That says a lot. The story is fasciating and inspiring, and gave me a tremendous respect for one  of the greatest people in history.
630398021X|5.0|There is so much packed into this film that it would of been possible to create so many different movies from ideas put forward in this little  wonder.  Directed by the brilliant Kathryn Bigelow (Near dark/point break)  it  begins with a highly stylised and altogether mind-boggling opening  sequence (You'll be asking yourself-'how did they do that?') Then slowly  you are drawn in to a dangerous world where the new drug on the street is a  different form of reality whereby you are able to view another  persons  memories or experiences via an interesting squidgy thing that  rests on  your head.  Violence has become commonplace and EXTREME PARANOIA has set  in, on the last day of the twentieth century.  The crowd scenes near the  end are truly a vision of what might be.  Indeed the production team used  real life footage of previous new year  celebrations to enhance the reality  of those scenes.  At almost two and a half hours long it may well confuse  some people  but the intelligent  script and nice acting by the stars keeps  the viewer entertained and amazed until the nicely put together ending  credits roll.  There is a controversial virtual realistic rape scene which  may shock some viewers but do not let this hinder you from letting the film  draw you in to it's vision.  James Cameron has said that STRANGE DAYS was  the most interesting film he had worked on. Great Movie.  Works on all  levels.
014028009X|5.0|Wow.  I really liked this book.  I found it hard to put down.  I really related to Bridget.  I miss her now that the book's over!  It's like I lost a friend.  A very funny story!
0590353403|5.0|I strongly disagree with another readers point of view, and just wanted to put in my two cents. First off, the Reader says that the book uses the word &quot;Kill&quot; in a very real sense. Whereas the bible details Soldiers nailing Jesus to across, slashing his side and placing a wine covered  sponge onto the wound. It also details a crown of thorns placed around his  head. I ask of you this, which would rather have your fifth grader read.
6302794331|5.0|Every year I pull out my copy of this movie and watch it, and every year I am reminded how much I love it and how wonderful it is. Even as I write this I'm watching it and starting to cry as something else touching happens  in it. There is no better reminder of the wonder of Christmas than this  wonderful, delightful, charming, splendid version of Dicken's classic tale.  See it, no matter what. :...)
B000002GXJ|4.0|&quot;Eagles Live&quot; is my favorite live album. The songs have excellent edits between different years of performances. I have heard of the studio enhancing rumors too, and they are obvious in a few places.  Great sound quality all around, and excellent performing! My only regret is  the playlist. The Joe Walsh songs came out great but seem out of place for  this collection. And why did they include the &quot;Doolin-Dalton Reprise  II?&quot;(obviously a Bill Szymczyk studio creation) So many other classic  tunes should have been substituted in place of LBG, ANL, and Doolin  Dalton... Perhaps there were no pristine multitrack recordings fit enough  to work into the collection. The total playing time is about 77 minutes--  so much more could have been inserted here. Hopefully someday the album  will be remastered with extra tracks.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|One of the BEST movies I have seen , moving, poignant a heart tugger.A
B000001G53|4.0|This excellent recording of Wagner's last music-drama was made in Berlin during 1979-80.  Earlier Karajan had been acclaimed for his stage production of this work at the Staatsoper in Vienna, a performance of which  the only evidence remaining is a fascinating but incomplete and technically  inadequate recording (currently available both from Opera d'Oro and from  RCA).  This 1980 studio recording presents Karajan's view of the work from  two decades later, with arguably the best cast that could be assembled at  that date.<br />As in the Vienna live recording, Karajan emphasises the beauty  of the score, sometimes at the expense of the drama.  Every line of every  role is sung lyrically, even where a straightforward reading of the score  would be more dramatic and less lyrical (for example, the response of the  knights to Gurnemanz at the start of the first act, or Klingsor's summoning  of his zombies at the end of the first scene of act 2). <br />Kurt Moll is a  robust Gurnemanz and van Dam, although a little restrained, is probably the  best Amfortas on record. Unfortunately Hofmann's voice already shows signs  of its imminent decline. Vejzovic is unsteady, and her long scene towards  the end of the second act is a damp squib compared with the vocal fireworks  displayed by Christa Ludwig in the 1961 live recording.  Nimsgern is a  competent Klingsor, but in keeping with this production, his account of  this dramatic role is strangely undramatic.<br />The principals are well  supported, with Hanna Schwarz in the tiny role of the Voice from Above, and  several then young singers who are today well-known names, as squires or  magic maidens.<br />Karajan allows the orchestra to get rather too loud,  relative to the singers, in some passages, such as the flowermaidens scene.   Kundry's 'Ich helfe nie', in the first act, is inaudible, and even at the  climax of the work, Parsifal is overwhelmed by a wave of orchestral sound  as he sings 'Amfortas, die Wunde!'.  I find balance to be a problem with  Karajan's studio recordings in general; compare this recording with the  Viennese *live* recording, where the singers are closely miked and the  orchestra sounds distant.  <br />Tempi are similar to those adopted by Solti;  those who find both recordings too slow (as I do) might prefer the  recording conducted by Armin Jordan and released in 1983, now available  either on CD or as the sound-track to Syberberg's film, which is slightly  faster.  Even though he never gets as slow as Levine or Goodall, Karajan's  broad tempi in the second act do not help the singers, and the necessary  tension is lacking in the struggle between Kundry and Parsifal.
B00002Z88D|4.0|amazed..... I allmost wondered what those symphony musicians must be thinking when they are being so overwhelmed by screaming guitars! Some how it all works...
0688171664|5.0|I'm sure that in any one persons life time an event occurs that in some way makes them view the world differently. For me this book was one of those events. It is easy to get excited when reviewing a book that you  particularly liked so colouring your review of it with overemphasised  &quot;rhetoric&quot; which other people generally take with-a-pinch-of-salt  anyway. The facts are that this was very good book. I didn't open the book  looking for what other people had told me was there. I wasn't looking to  agree or disagree with Persig I just 'listened'. His words were not so much  a guide (as some people say) but more a key which unlocked a way of  thinking clouded by modern society. Everybody has questions. I think the  problem that alot of people have with this book is that they expect to be  handed the answers by Persig. All I can say is read with an open mind and  let this book be the catalyst to your own journey.
0446525537|1.0|This book was a terrible letdown to me after reading the first two books by Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook was one of the best books I have read in many years, Message in a Bottle was also excellent as was the movie, I hope  that if Sparks writes any more books they are up to the excellence of his  first two! I recommend reading his first novels and saving your time and  money by not reading his last one.
B00000JYGX|5.0|This must be what they call &quot;a masterpiece&quot; Even if you can't understand french this album will make you fly over the clouds... Waves of emotion will take you over There is not much to say  just enjoy it
6304362498|4.0|This film was really made as a tribute to George Orwell's novel, not to entertain movie goers. That's why it was filmed in the same year and months that the book was set. I think this film is really for people who have read  the novel. It tries to be faithful to George Orwell's description: dark,  dingy and grim. It succeeds in that respect, and follows the story as  closely as possible. Orwell used colour a lot when writing the  novel.<br />John Hurt is the third actor to play Winston Smith (after Peter  Cushing and Edmund O'Brien). He was suitably forlorn in the part. Richard  Burton and Suzanna Hamilton were equally fine in their roles.<br />Michael  Radford's film is superor to the 1956 version, which is unavailable. The  1956 version felt no guilt in distorting Orwell's story. There were minor  things like Julia being blonde, and major things like the ending: Winston  and Julia shouting &quot;Down with Big Brother!&quot; as they face  execution by the firing squad.<br />Michael Radford's version of the novel is  definitive, though flawed. As someone already said, it's hard to translate  words to the screen and satisfy everyone. Many great works of literature  have been unsuccessful as films. But they were made with the best of  intentions. I feel &quot;1984&quot; is reasonably successful.
B000000OA6|4.0|I beleive this was Queen's last release while Freddie Mercury was still alive; and well, if your a true fan you should really buy this. The songs are, as always, amazingly original, and the emotional &quot;Show must go  on&quot; appropriately finishes up the playlist.  I'm a big fan of all the  songs in Greatest Hits I and II and like the older classics better than the  newer ones, but this album is much better than Hot Space and is a nice  collecters item b/c it was fm's last.  If your not a hugh fan but want some  great original queen, buy &quot;A night at the Opera&quot; instead.
0783222734|3.0|I saw this film when it was first released six years ago. The film explores the theme of cloning. Using the DNA of an insect preserved in amber, dinosaurs have been brought back from extinction to populate a theme  park. A small group of people get a sneak preview of the theme park (called  Jurassic Park), but inevitably things go wrong, the dinosaurs are running  wild and the group are running for their lives.  <br />I remember all the hype  that came with this movie. You couldn't go anywhere without seeing a  dinosaur being used to advertise a product. Pizza Hut were giving away toy  dinosaurs with every meal etc. When I was 10 I had an interest in  dinosaurs. (I think most kids do at some stage.) I remember the frustration  of trying to convince other kids that dinosaurs wern't around at the same  time as cavemen, as it was made out in &quot;The Flintstones&quot;. I got  into an argument about the pronounciation of diplodocus. It was  di-plod-ocus, not dip-lo-docus. &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; brought all these  memories flooding back.<br />The film has plenty of action, thrills and  chills, but I've heard it's a poor version of the novel. I like Sam Neill's  acting, he's been in some good movies. If you are not a  picky stickler for  logic, this film is good entertainment.
B000000OF6|5.0|If your looking to purchase your first Queen cd or are a Queen lover without this set, this is MUST.  It is absolutely fabulous.  The two disks are jam packed with almost all the queen classics; the first with all of  the true classics and the second with the newer but still addictively  amazing songs.  This set is just AWSOME.
0553573403|5.0|George R.R. Martin's &quot;Game of Thrones&quot; brought me back to the fantasy aisle after a few years of boredom with the genre. Rather than the industry standard coming-of-age or stop-the-evil-wizard story, this novel  winds through the intrigues of several noble families as they all grasp for  the throne of a kingdom united only by fear of perils to the north. Martin  has developed each of the several principal characters into unmistakable  individuals without cheapening them with caricature. I'm a bit more than  halfway through this exciting read, and I have no idea how it will turn  out!
B00000G3PA|2.0|This movie is so painfully predictable that the only reason to rent it is to see Liv Tyler. Not for just the obvious reasons ;) but because she really does have acting talent. It's just too bad she got her debut in a  flop.<br />If you want to see a far better asteroid movie, get &quot;Deep  Impact.&quot; It hits way harder!
0385484518|5.0|I have bought this book for all my family and friends. Wouldn't it be nice if after reading this book we would all think twice about our lives and realize how short they really are. I have dog eared many pages and go back  and reread Morrie's profound statements. I think we all have a Morrie in  our lives!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|On her sophomore disc, Fiona Apple speaks volumes more than she ever has in any of her many wordy award show acceptance speeches.  She is a succint poet, a creative musician and gosh-darnit even fun to listen to.  The  darkness in Tidal, a stark if incongruous debut, is still here in Pawn but  it's balanced with a sense of self worth.  <br />Overall Pawn is stronger than  Tidal, and Fiona has improved in every facet of her musicianship.  Great  lyrics, great production and what a voice! &quot;Limp&quot; has a great  drum solo.  &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; has a great bridge.   &quot;Mistake&quot; is filled with humour and cheekiness.  And the final  track, &quot;I Know,&quot; is a haunting Jazz ballad that makes you want to  replay the CD over again.  I can't wait to see what else Fiona can create  in the years to come.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|If you know anything about the background of this last novel of a trilogy, you will enjoy this movie. This movie takes the best aspects of a novel that sterotypes Native Americans and turns them into lengendary  heros.(*Creative License of course). The way this DVD is cut and filmed it  puts a lot of focus on the background that give it a great atmosphereic  feel. This is a must for all DVD owners.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|On her sophomore disc, Fiona Apple speaks volumes more than she ever has in any of her many wordy award show acceptance speeches.  She is a succint poet, a creative musician and gosh-darnit even fun to listen to.  The  darkness in Tidal, a stark if incongruous debut, is still here in Pawn but  it's balanced with a sense of self worth.  <br />Overall Pawn is stronger than  Tidal, and Fiona has improved in every facet of her musicianship.  Great  lyrics, great production and what a voice! &quot;Limp&quot; has a great  drum solo.  &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; has a great bridge.   &quot;Mistake&quot; is filled with humour and cheekiness.  And the final  track, &quot;I Know,&quot; is a haunting Jazz ballad that makes you want to  replay the CD over again.  I can't wait to see what else Fiona can create  in the years to come.
B000002BPS|5.0|I am a hardcore Offspring fan.  I started out by buying Americana just because I liked some of the songs.  Then I got addicted.  I thought nothing could possibly be better than Smash.  And I was right.  But Ixnay is  just  as good.  Cool to Hate and I Choose have awesome beats.  But the best song  on there by far is...Intermission!
B000001Y5J|4.0|Broken....halo 5.....is excellent. I can't really give a fair review for you people, because I love everything NIN does. With that aside, you'll like it.....don't forget about those hidden tracks at the very end of the  CD.....also excellent!
B000000WF0|5.0|&quot;Urban Hymns&quot; marks the second coming of British band The Verve, after a split in 1995 Richard ashcroft and co. came back to write arguably the best British album of 1997. The musical talent here is outstanding and  the talent of vocalist aschcroft shines through in his singing and lyrical  content. Songs such as &quot;Lucky Man&quot; and &quot;Sonnet&quot; are  standout tracks as are &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; - and &quot;The  Drug's don't work&quot; - a song that should encapture every listener. This  album revived the indie scene in Britain and it would be a shame to see  this excellent band not be equal as successful stateside. It is essential  that every serious music lover owns this album.
B000002N2Z|5.0|BUY IT, you won't regret it one bit! This album ROCKS! My opinion, it's their best one! Bored, One Weak, 7 Words, Birthmark, Engine#9.....my fav's!  I'm always searching for those great voice's and deep lyrics...the  lyrics are there and Chino definitely has that voice! You WILL like this  album, go get it!
0812046625|4.0|On the whole, this is a good reference for beginning or intermediate students of Russian to have. However, in keeping with Beyer's teaching methods (he's a professor at my college), it often ignores complexities of  the language for fear of confusing the reader. In most cases, this is not a  problem, but there is at least one exception. There are russian  imperfective verbs which have multiple perfective forms, and he only lists  one, which might make you think it was the only one. People in one of my  classes tried to use it to say that they'd cut themselves shaving and burnt  their tongues drinking coffee, and instead ended up saying that they'd  completely chopped themselves up while shaving and burnt their tongues to a  crisp. So there are problems with the book. But it is certainly a useful  reference.
B000005AYM|4.0|this disc does remind me of sade with beats.but i believe ms.badu will be around for a long time.she has alot of expressing and feeling in her work.
B000002H38|5.0|this is a very soulful disc.it captures her dynamic range and styles.caught up in the rapture,365 days,sweet love etc... showcases one of the best albums from the 80's and it still sounds great.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'd like to say this is a truly amazing piece of work. This album is definitely the Beatles' crowning achievement. Every song is great and each song has its own distinct style. Each song has its own flavor and  individuality. There are 30 totally different tunes on the same album! That  kind of work can be done only by the Beatles, the best band that have ever  walked on the face of the earth. This album is one of the best albums of   all time, surpassed only by Revolver and The Velvet Underground and Nico.
B00000163G|1.0|I don't give a flying fig what you think  Tupac meant to the world. He commited crimes, did drugs, and then made money off of it. What an idiot! I'm sorry that he died like he did (and yes, just like Elvis, he is dead  folks), but he never, NEVER contributed to anything but his own self  destruction. He was a violent gangster constantly headed down the wrong  path, and should not be worshipped in the way that he is. &quot;But, he  loved his mama&quot;, I hear you say. Shouldn't we all?  That's all well  and good, but nothing different or special. There does not deserve to be a  cult of Tupac, in the grand scheme of musical history, he means absolutely  nothing. If you want a rapper to praise and worship, bow to Chuck D.
B0000399WI|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is a character study in which the audience can develop a healthy and well-earned respect for a man whose spirit will not be crushed. We get to know these people, and writer and first-time director  Frank Darabont is able to make us care for them in a way that makes the  relatively slow pace of the film more than bearable.    Shawshank  transcends its genre much the way Cool Hand Luke did all those years ago,  but while Paul Newman's Luke was a smiling, hardened con, with a longing  for escape, Robbins, in a superb performance, makes Andy's intellect and  imagination his salvation.   It's a beautiful film that is able to  portray the power of hope through the eyes of a  rich and rewarding  character. A man brutalized but not beaten by a corrupt system.
079213690X|5.0|This is the best movie of all time.  Amazing it came from Hollywood.  But Paramount, wake up, not on DVD yet?  This was one of the reasons I bought a player!
B000031XCR|4.0|Surely, this is her one and only greatest hits album. The only thing that makes me unsatisfied is her screaming in some of her previous hits especially &quot;it's all coming back to me now&quot;. All in all, it's a  worth-buying album!
6305364613|3.0|I like the movie a lot better than I thought I would, though I will admit nothing comes close to the Romeo and Juliet done by Franco Zeffereli.  Not too bad of a movie, nonetheless.  Leonardo DiCaprio actually did a better  job here than in Titanic (not saying much), and Claire Danes was pretty  good in her role as Juliet.   Overall, a fair job, but I will always prefer  the original...sorry, just my opinion
0385493800|2.0|... but sadly I'm afraid Grisham (and his team) will go on churning out his particular brand of bland, unadventurous material until we all run out of money to buy it. As for the theme of this particular book - the evils of  vast wealth, and how it really isn't THAT important - it seems very odd  coming from a writer who, as much as any alive, has put his craft to the  service of his bank balance. I got tired of the lecture and gave up well  before the end.
B00000K19E|5.0|FANTASTIC storyline, mesmerizing special effects, awesome soundtrack ... this movie has it all.  One of the most creative DVD's I've ever seen, as well.  You can't go wrong here!
B0000025SB|5.0|I loved this album.  I don't care what anybody says about Roger Waters, I think when he left Pink Floyd then the band just lost something.  I still like the newer stuff too but I just can't get enough of the 60s &amp; 70s  Pink Floyd.  I just wish they could get back together &amp; have it like it  used to be.  This album is probably the best Pink Floyd album I've ever  bought (next to The Wall &amp; Darkside of the Moon).  It has some very  powerful sounding songs on it (such as Your Possible Pasts, &amp; Not Now  John) that no true Pink Floyd fan should be without.....YOU MUST GET THIS  ALBUM BY ANY MEANS POSSIBLE! <br />COME BACK TO US ROGER!
6304765231|5.0|Its the coolest movie around, so putting it on D.V.D was the best thing ever.
6305364613|4.0|I am a Shakespeare fanatic. I was convinced that I was going to hate this film. I went to see it and wasn't overly impressed until the scene when Romeo and Juliet meet each other. It then transports the viewer away.  Quirky but with a purpose. This movie won me over and it will win you over  too. It is daring, inventive, and still captures the core of Shakespeare's  message. Give it a chance and allow it to win you over. You will be glad  you did.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This CD is sooo dope, every song on this CD rocks harder than any other band.Minus Blindfold is the best track ever, plus the 11th track Fist is Dope! 7 words,fireal, bored,and one weak all further the holyness of this  album.Chino is a mastermind.a must buy
B0000025JT|5.0|It's the only Streisand album I own, and originally bought it as a Bee Gees fan. I've had it on vinyl, cassette and now cd and it is a fabulous record, full of beautiful arrangements and vocals. The lesser known slow  songs like &quot;Love Inside&quot; and &quot;Run Wild&quot; are gorgeous.
B000002J09|5.0|First of all, there is no need to compare Pink Floyd or the Beatles to Led Zeppelin. They are all great groups with different styles. To all you people giving this album 1 star, you obviously are part of a great  minority. There is no need to argue which is better, you may have your  opinion. No matter how much you may hate Led Zeppelin and this album, it is  clear that this album wouldn't have been so popular if millions didn't love  it like many of us do. (It was 17x platinum)<br />As a 17 year old in high  school, I first started listening to Led Zep about 2 years ago. I started  with Zoso and Houses of the Holy when I got them for Christmas. I listened  to Zoso every night, and never did an album make me feel so touched.  &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; which was fresh to me then, was absolutely  magical. Never before had a song made me shiver like that. Almost anyone  can fall in love with the main Stairway riff, but the solo is probably the  best ever. It sums up every emotion of the song into a couple of minutes,  and leads into the final conclusion. Stairway is the absolute definition of  an &quot;epic.&quot; Even though Robert Plant may be singing about  nonsense, the powerful emotion that the song brings is unavoidable. I  really don't care about you people with the degrees in music critisizing  his lyrics. If you couldn't feel the emotion and power of Stairway when you  heard the song a few times, then you are either completely oblivious to  emotion in music, or you have a problem with the essential fabric of rock,  or perhaps all music in general. &quot;When the Levee breaks&quot; was of  almost the same caliber, and gave me the same euphoric feeling. I sat in  bed and it hurt not to listen to the 2 songs. It was the strangest feeling  to be so touched by music. It is indescribable. I can honestly say it was  the most incredible music I had every heard in my life.  I would love to  hear anyone try to argue that Stairway to Heaven didn't touch people  emotionally (please email me if you can -zeppelino@hotmail.com-). Because  if you didn't feel its power, then you simply missed out on something  timeless, epic, emotional, and euphoric. Too bad for you. <br />I also loved  most of the other songs on this album, but none are as touching as Stairway  and When the Levee Breaks. &quot;Going to California&quot; is without a  doubt a beautifully composed song. Most people can agree that it is a great  song. Black Dog probably has the most incredible guitar riff ever written,  but unfortunately it gets old faster than anything else. I loved the riff  but was tired of the song after about 5 listens. Rock and Roll is the  quintessential rock'n'roll song, and they obviously gave it the name to  fit. This song never seems to lose its freshness, and is a truly classic  tune. I don't care what anyone says, Battles of Evermore is a wonderful  song. It is beautiful, and I love the JRR Tolkien references. Read  &quot;Lord of The Rings&quot;, it is a great book and will help you  understand some Led Zep lyrics. Misty Mountain Hop is ok, but not great.  Four Sticks is a bit weak, but as one reviewer pointed out, is ok on  occasion. <br />Please take my word for this album. I may not have a Phd in  music like some of our fellow reviewers, but I have emotions and I know  what triggers them, and if you are like the majority of the population,  these songs will trigger yours too.
0790729628|5.0|This is and has been one of my favorite movies of all time. The gritty reality is one of the best parts, as befits a film in the classic noir style. This is more than simply a movie, just made for the heck of it, it  is a world unto itself, along the lines of Star Wars or Lord of the Rings.  It is vastly different from those two, but deserves a place along side  them. The stunning cinementography and the lush characters keep one  entertained and thinking for hours after a viewing. Of course it has  wonderful special effects, but unlike most modern movies does not allow the  effects to take over and obscure the story and the characters. The ending,  while much less happy than that of the original, is powerful and contains  striking imagery remenicent in some ways of The Third Man. This is truly  one of the great movies, and will go down as such. If you have not seen it  or do not own it, do both soon, it is well worth it. ( And for heavens sake  don't buy or watch the 5th element, it is just a Blade Runner wannabe with  an uplifting finale and a dumb plot.)
0312867123|1.0|Sawyer uses all the trappings of the hard SF genre without hewing to the ground rule: get your science right! The science in general is ludicrous, but it's particularly inexcusable when the physicists express  disappointment that they did not discover the Higgs boson in the first few  minutes of running a new accelerator. Virtually all the description of the  world of scienctific research rings false, especially the characters'  preoccupation with the Nobel prize. All of this wouldn't be so bad if the  characters weren't cardboard cutouts. Why read a didactic novel that hasn't  been carefully thought out?
B000022TT4|5.0|THIS DVD IS ONE THAT YOU WILL JUST WATCH AND LISTEN OVER AND OVER.....OVER AND OVER AND NEVER GET TIRED OF IT.   IT'S THRILLING AND CAPTIVATING EVERYTIME WITH EVERY SONG.   A MUST....EVEN IF YOU NEVER HEARD OF U2.  YOU  WILL NOT HAVE LIVE YOU LIFE TO THE UPMOST.....IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN RATTLE  AND HUM....GET IT NOW BEFORE YOU DIE AND IT WILL NOT BE IN VAIN
B000031XCR|5.0|This is one of the greatest CD's I have ever purchased. Celine's voice always puts you in a good mood. I wish Celine and Rene the very best in the future. They deserve a break and a rest. Anyone who loves Celine's music  will just love this CD. You just can't go wrong.
B00000J7S8|5.0|On Nov.17 I had a concert of Diana Krall in Seoul Korea. As I expected, her piano and vocal was fabulous. I strongly assert that she is the most excellent blonde jazz vocal ever since Helen Merrill, Julie London.
B00000JMQD|5.0|I thuroughly enjoy this film.  I've heard a lot of comments about this movie and the Judy Garland film, but they really are entirely seperate.  The film is original and amazingly entertaining.  A great film for people of all ages.  I've loved it ever scince it first came out when I was a  little girl, and I still find it just a entertaining nearly 15 years later.   I think that says a lot that most films can't.
B00000J7S8|5.0|On Nov.17 I had a concert of Diana Krall in Seoul Korea. As I expected, her piano and vocal was fabulous. I strongly assert that she is the most excellent blonde jazz vocal ever since Helen Merrill, Julie London.
0446310786|5.0|I'm in 9th grade, and I read this book for Pre-AP English. I thoroughly enjoyed it, and intend to read it. It expresses childhood and Southern life very well. Read it!
B00000J7S8|5.0|On Nov.17 I had a concert of Diana Krall in Seoul Korea. As I expected, her piano and vocal was fabulous. I strongly assert that she is the most excellent blonde jazz vocal ever since Helen Merrill, Julie London.
0060930349|4.0|At last, we have a balanced treatment of the history of the United States. Most histories available today are products of  politically correct liberal historians who are more concerned with an ideological treatment than an  impartial treatment. Johnson does not think that FDR and JFK are the  greatest presidents that ever lived. The nitpickers love to point out the  small factual errors that Johnson made. However, they fail to note that he  captured the spirit of the American people.<br />If you enjoy the editorials  in The Wall Street Journal, you will love this history of the American  people.
B00000294R|4.0|Now I just wanna say that Big L is one of my all time favourite lyricists. He is boisterous and often very violent and knows how to use those metaphors. 'Lifestylez...' is easily one of the best hip hop releases ever.  From the haunting 'Put It On' to the clicheed 'Let 'Em Have It L', this  album provides the goods. When Lamont Coleman says that he has 'a crime  record longer than Manute Bol', you oughta believe him. Buckwild, Lord  Finesse and Kid Capri all lace some nice tracks for L. All in all, one of  the best albums to come out of Harlem.
B000021XS0|5.0|Just to let you know where I'm coming from, I really enjoyed Awake and Images, preferring Awake, and also enjoyed Falling Into Infinity, which opened a more human side to an otherwise almost machine-like band. I did  feel that band members started drifting a bit with all the side projects  which were completed within weeks, which, although not bad, could have been  better.<br />So I approached Scenes From A Memory with some scepticism, but  also with an air of anticipation, having read all the positive  reviews.<br />First listen, I was disappointed. I felt there were no really  strong melodies, such as those on Awake, that the production was a bit  muddled, (No, It's NOT my speakers) and that frankly the album was  overrated. Persisting somewhat, I continued listening to the album, on  various systems, headphones etc.<br />With each subsequent listen I  appreciated the album more and more. The structures started revealing  themselves, very strong melodies, excellent musicianship, and right now I  feel this must be one of the most listenable, entertaining and musically  excellent CD's I own. Incredible stuff.<br />They do drift off once or twice  in virtuostic overindulgence, and the production isn't as crisp as Awake's,  but definitely one of the best five CD's the last few years, along with  anything by The Flower Kings.
B000001ESF|4.0|Rush's 2112 album has what I call the Saving Private Ryan syndrome - the first section is so great that the rest seems like a letdown in comparison. I'm a die-hard Rush fan and &quot;2112&quot; is my favorite rock track of  all time. The energy, the brilliance of the music, and the story in the  lyrics all serve to create a transcendent listening experience. The rest of  the album is excellent as well, but the songs can't compare with  &quot;2112&quot;. &quot;Lessons&quot; and &quot;Something For Nothing&quot;  rock pretty hard. A Farewell to Kings, Hemispheres, and Permanent Waves are  more consistent albums, but you won't be disappointed buying anything Rush  released from 1975 to 1981 - the material they put out in that 6 year  period was practically flawless.
6305075379|3.0|This is an excellent example of Mel Gibson's fine acting work. If you haven't seen it, but have seen  Beyond Thunderdome, give it a viewing. Unfortunatly I purchased the DVD version which was released in 1998. It  doesn't have any special features at all. You are also stuck with the  American voices dubbed over the Austrailian actor's. This can be quite  funny in itself but I wish I had the option to see both the original Aussie  tape and the Americanized version on one disk.
630562285X|4.0|Good old fashioned suspense movie.  Very weak store line, but who really cares with a cast like this!  The picture quality is excellent and the sound is just right.
0380778556|4.0|&quot;Rebecca&quot; is one of those rare books that really stays with you long after you have read it.<br />When the second Mrs. de Winter (no first name is given in the book) comes to live with her new husband at his  English country estate, Manderley, she finds mystery and intrigue around  every corner. Mr. de Winter is still haunted by the memories of his first  and beautiful wife, Rebecca. And although Rebecca is physically dead, Mrs.  de Winter will find that she is still very much alive at Manderley.<br />If  you can get past the first few chapters, the story really begins to take  off. The ending should get an award for &quot;Best Surprise Ending in a  book.&quot;
6305609691|5.0|I also have the THX Laser Disc of this movie, but the DVD is far superior.  The picture and sound are about as close to perfection as you will get.
B00001OH7X|4.0|This is third and final album in the Eno trilogy.  However, Bowie was clearly more in control here.  Gone are the instrumentals, and in come ten vocal tracks.  Of course, Eno is all over this record.  Listen to African  Night Flight and Yassasin and Eno quirky influence is easy to hear.   Somehow, Bowie managed to weave some songs in between the strange rhythms  and clicks, and it really works.  I'd listen to African Night Flight just  for those crazy crickets.<br />Apart from the tracks that were singles at the  time (Boys Keep Swinging and DJ) there are other Bowie diamonds here.  Red  Sails is wonderful - and includes an unedited guitar solo where Carlos  Alomar badly flubs and then recovers - wonderful!<br />Red money is also a  great track.  Actually, after all these years, Repetition becomes a  favorite of mine also.  Never have I heard a song about domestic violence  that so clearly displays the monotonous life of a frustrated man - and his  casual disregard of his wife.  This is highlighted by a dead-pan delivery  from Bowie, and an annoying buzz for a melody.  It really works.<br />Add to  that Move On and Look Back in Anger and I find I have mentioned every track  on thew album.  Which illustrates the high regard I have for this work.   Even at the time it was released it was another Bowie effort that refused  to comply with the thinking of popular music at the time.  It still  doesn't.<br />I can't imagine a Bowie fan won't find a lot to like here.
B000007NYS|5.0|found lucinda after her brilliant version of &quot;grevious Angel&quot; on the Gram parson's Tribute album &quot;Return of the Grevious Angel&quot;. All great songs and for the first time my nine year old daughter has  connected with music via this album.  Heartrending songs with great variety  and particularly love &quot;Change the locks on the door&quot;.   &quot;gravel Road&quot; almost as good
B0000022WA|5.0|Hayley Mills has outdone herself in this wonderful movie.  The Parent Trap exhibits all aspects of a successful movie.  It is entertaining, funny, and has good family values.  Maureen O'Hara and Brian Keith fulfilled their  roles as parents to two mischievious twins.  Through schemes and plots, the  twins succeed in their desire to bring their divorced parents back  together.  This movie is excellent!
B0000020C4|5.0|I saw the show(well part of it) on PBS and I just gotta' have it. Michael Ball was perfect as usual and M. Maguire really gave justice to his role. But I guess Lea Salonga did it for me. Her voice was just so... She's  breathtaking! I saw her on Miss Saigon and purchased the CD(London cast),  and although she's not on top form, she was still a scene stealer. I must  say she stole Colm's thunder. ps. Colm shouts and talks to much..
0792151712|5.0|Movies do not get bigger, grander or more enjoyable than this one -- truly does live up to the hype.  Cameron's screenplay is utter cornball, but Kate Winslet, the cinematography and the sweeping beauty of the score all pull  you in. Using a simple love story as a framing device pays off in spades,  because it makes the entire awesome tragedy real and urgent -- we are on  that doomed ship and it is sinking NOW.  The finale is one of the most  perfectly sentimental endings ever made.  It transports you into a  melancholy euphoria.  I think the widescreen version, on a big TV, is best  -- the standard version cuts off too much of the screen.  The fact that  this is essentially a ghost story is never ignored, even punctuated  throughout, which increases the doom and terror.  It really is a worthy  competitor to GONE WITH THE WIND as a spectacular canvas of history,  populated with winning, if somewhat cardboard characters.  And the  music....
B000002B30|3.0|This album samples some of Springsteen's best music. But it is far from comprehensive. Songs like &quot;Cover Me,&quot; &quot;I'm on Fire,&quot; &quot;57 Channels,&quot; &quot;Rosalita,&quot; &quot;Fade Away,&quot; and  &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; are nowhere to be found. Moreover, no material  before 1975 is featured at all, and that was some of the Boss's finest  music. But if you approach the album as a sampler rather than as a career  spanning statement, then you'll enjoy it. My opinion is that an artist of  this magnitude who built his reputation on his album work rather than his  singles work could never be adequately represented by a greatest hits album  anyway. But this is a half decent collection.
B000007XUQ|5.0|For anyone who ever felt the rush of the Christmas spirit, whatever your faith, you can have it whenever you like, courtesy of this non-stop gorgeously perfect series of recordings by those masters of tasteful pop,  the Carpenters.  It is an instant Christmas classic, and delivers not only  the fun and merriment and magic you want in a Christmas record, but also  that specific Carpenters melancholy and sweetness, combining Karen's  studio-perfect voice and Richard's impeccable arrangements.  This CD is one  you will listen to every year, and your affection for it will grow with  each season.
B00000255F|5.0|This is an inspiring, stirring effort by the Boss. Every song is packed with power and emotional resonance. From the adventurous &quot;Thunder Road,&quot; to the West Side Story like &quot;Jungleland,&quot; every song  seems to be able to grab your heartstrings. &quot;She's the One&quot;,  the  title track, &quot;Backstreets&quot; and &quot;Jungleland are all  tremendous, but really, every moment of every song is great. This is  probably the best album by the Boss, which isn't an easy decision to make  because so many of them are great.
B000002JSP|4.0|Forget the &quot;early Zep&quot; versus &quot;late Zep&quot; arguement- it's all Zep to me. Powerful, haunting, and surprisingly vital. Wish it came with the tracks later to appear on &quot;Coda&quot;, though. Only  complaint is the mix. &quot;IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR&quot; is possibly the  worst sounding major release in the history of rock and roll. Remix this  thing, Pagey.
B000002A3T|2.0|This is a far better album than Gilmour's previous Floyd album without Waters.  However, it is still far inferior to Pink Floyd's brilliant albums of the 70's, as well as Waters' solo album Amused To Death.  Some of the  songs are pretty decent--they all lack emotion, but are fairly melodic.   The &quot;What do you want from me&quot; song is really annoying, though.   I like Gilmour's solo albums a lot better than this, however.  Reccommended  only is you already have everything else Pink Floyd has made.
B00000JBCP|5.0|First heard them on a &quot;studio album&quot;. Awesome! Came online and found the unplugged album and gave them a listen. This band is tight, they anticipate each others next note! The lyrics,full of passion! &quot;En El  Muelle De San Blas&quot; makes you want to cry for lost love...&quot;Cuando  Los Angeles Lloran&quot; makes you angry! What more can I say?  If you  love music full of &quot;life&quot;, get this CD!
0838577016|2.0|As a neuroscience graduate student, I was extremely excited to read this book and to keep it as a reference but unfortunately, it did not meet my expectations for either task. Given Kandel's outstanding contributions to  our understanding of learning, I hoped his book would have similar  standards. Most notable of several flaws is that the individual chapters,  each being individually authored, were poorly edited and did not provide an  integrated picture of the field. Further, some graphs were mislabeled, and  in several chapters, this text engaged in the annoying practice of  introducing and using new terminology early on and then defining this  jargon at the end of the chapter. The material on vision was thorough but  audition and the vestibulochlear systems were very skimpy. If you are  interested in learning anything about motor systems, I'd recommend you pass  this book up for Michael Zigmond's Fundamentals of Neuroscience.
B000002W9P|5.0|Keeper...I is the definitive Helloween record. Every Helloween fan owns it. While previous records had the obligatory Heavy Metal anthems (Heavy Metal Is the Law -- I LOVE that song :)), this one was the first truly  unique album the band put out. This is the record that introduces Michael  Kiske to the world and what an improvement  he was over Kai Hansen's  vocals! Things got so much better for Heloween when Kai gave up singing and  concentrated on songwriting. Gem, after gem, after gem. One of the songs I  play when I'm a bit under the weather is I'm Alive!  Wooo! Bye-bye, bad  mood! <br />Come on! Buy! Buy! Buy! Buy!
0767805712|5.0|It seems as if our society is doomed and destined to the society of Gattaca. It is important that we do not let others be treated like the in-valids were. This thriller is a wake up call of how not to be as a  society.    Ethan Hawke plays an extraordinary performance as Vincent, an  in-valid human that takes on a valid(Jude Law) identity. This film can show  what can be done by the human spirit,and how important to not let the world  put limits on a person. It is necessary to always keep these lessons in  mind.
6305169187|5.0|I WATCH THIS MOVIE ON THE AVERAGE OF ONCE A WEEK, KNOW EVERY SINGLE LINE, AND STILL CANT GET ENOUGH OF IT!  EVERY ASPECT OF THIS FILM IS GREAT, NO MATTER WHAT PART YOU ARE TALKIN ABOUT-THE SPECIAL EFFECTS, ACTING, PLOT,  MUSIC, EVERYTHING-U NAME IT, IT WAS GREAT!  IF ANYBODY SO MUCH AS SAYS ONE  NEGATIVE WORD ABOUT THIS FILM IT IS JUST PROOF THEY HAVE NEVER SEEN IT  BEFORE!
0812551508|5.0|I picked up Frankenstein as sort of a &quot;project&quot; read... I felt like it was such a &quot;classic&quot; that I ought to understand it more than the pop-culture monster image.<br />I was surprised to find a book that  holds its own extremely well some 100 years later.  The message of  scientific experiment for curiosity's sake is a profound one, especially in  this age of nuclear experimentation, biological warfare and the like.  It  is also compelling as a story in and of itself.<br />Although I was well-aware  that the Boris Karloff image was a far cry from Mary Shelly's novel, I was  still surprised to find such full character development and strong  motivation.  Despite the fact that this was her first effort, and based  upon a whimsical challenge to write a &quot;ghost story&quot;, it is  compelling and well written.  If you haven't read this book, don't be put  off by it's age.  It is exceptional.
0060254920|5.0|My two sons absolutely loved this book.  They liked the idea of going 'where the wild things are' and the book inspired a lot of play in our house.  The book nicely balances the child's need for imaginative thinking with a sense of limits, and the pleasures of home.  The illustrations  clearly make this book great, because they provide a launch pad for this  imaginary place.  This is one of a handful of books that will bond you with  your child for the rest of your lives.  Don't miss that opportunity!<br />Unlike some children's books which are a little boring for the adults to  read after the 350th time, I always enjoyed this one because I could think  new thoughts each time I read it.<br />I think this is one of the best five  books for children.
0375751513|3.0|I picked up this book to read, partly because I am a big fan of Wilde's plays, and partly because the concept behind this novel has become such a part of our collective conscious that I wanted to know what was behind  it.<br />It was filled with all the wit and cynicism that I expect from Wilde,  but, I found it to be a bit tiresome to read.  I suspect that this is  partially due to the fact that it is so solidly grounded in the late 1800's  that the concerns of the characters are a bit distant.<br />Still, I must say  that I feel that it is a book worth reading.  Anything that has seared  itself into the western world's consciousness is worth investigating.
B000003TAW|5.0|On this Cd every song is great! you NEVER get bored of any song!Highly recommended! A+++++
B0000019PA|1.0|I like Jeff Magnum's interesting (albeit twisted and inscrutable) musical ideas for the most part.  The songwriting is good.<br />It's just that the execution is lousy.  It really leaves a LOT to be desired.  I mean,  sometimes I can live with a lead singer that doesn't have a great voice.   I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to music, and if a band isn't really  technically great but is still doing something interesting, then usually  I'll like it -- great voice or not.  But boy oh boy, Magnum's voice just  busts through that tolerance threshold like a wrecking ball.  This guy's  voice is HORRIBLE with a capital H.  It's so far off key most of the time  that all I can do is cringe and punch the &quot;off&quot; button on my  stereo.  My musically-trained ears just can't take it.<br />It's too bad,  really, because I wanted to like this band.  I like warped psychedelic  stuff that takes musical ideas and twists them into something strange and  interesting.  But the guy just can't sing, and that ends it for me.
B000002C1Z|5.0|This is by far the best 'Pink Floyd' album EVER! It is one of those rare CD's you can listen to  from begining to end without skipping songs.
0792840461|4.0|Shot on location in Boston, this sexy,slick,late 60's crime drama hits the jackpot.The movie stars Steve Mcqueen and Faye Dunaway,who are perfect chess companions.Norman Jewison directs with an adroit european touch.There is some nice multi-image camera work and the academy award winning song \\"the windmills of your mind\\".This dvd version looks crisp and is in widescreen with director Norman Jewison's audio commentary.George Liguori.
6303913881|4.0|When Showgirls first came out on video, I was curious as to why it got such a bad review and for the NC-17 rating. So I bought it. At first I didn't understand the plot but after watching several more times it started to make sense. Elizabeth Berkeley may have overdramatized her role as Nomi, but she had spunk! I liked Henrietta at the Cheetah, as well as Crystal. Pretty soon after watching it more times than I care to count, I started quoting some scenes from the movie. I liked the dancing, the costumes, everything! See the movie and decide for yourself!Oh and another thig I want to add: I finally purchased the DVD version.  I like this version better than the VHS because of the quality of the movie as well as the sound.  My favorite part was the dance rehearsal where Marty introduced Nomi to the gals. I played that scene over and over again because it's fun! I wouldn't practice dancing with heels and makeup though. LOL I was sorely disappointed by the brief featurette because I wanted more details, more behind the scenes cuts and interviews from those actors who were involved in the project.  I must also comment that I was embarrassed by the negative reviews it got from those bigwig critics.I felt like it was me who wrote the script! Only the NY Times gave it a satisfactory review. Anyway for a good laugh and something to make you feel better, rent or buy this movie...I did! :)
6302413931|5.0|ok, a very very extremely long director's cut edition(unrated)has been out for a while. why has it suddenly vanished when i decided today to buy it? this movie is great, marlon brando is downright creepy in this flick. for  some reason this movie reminds me of a very trippy James Bond flick with  marlon brando playing Blofeld.
1573300403|2.0|Okay, first off I've seen everything on this video already. If you're a true fan, this didn't do anything for you. I know I know what about the intro with the troops and showing the big statue like on the cover. Well,  that was shown on t.v. to promote the history c.d. Also, the Billie Jean  live from motown had the ending cut off. If you watched it back then,  you'll get the three songs performed instead of just billie jean. there are  a lot of his videos here. no remixes though like they've been shown on t.v.  such as the megamix history i guess with a mixture of all his songs. Ummm  the Smooth criminal video was cut down a couple of minutes from the  original. The Teaser is about ten years old by the way!
0899663036|5.0|i just finished reading &quot;A tree grows in brooklyn&quot; as part of a class project. I've got to admit, that I chose the book because of it's high point value.  I had the book for 1 month, and just read it casually  until i really got into it.  The last 300 hundread pages were magical! I  didn't want to put the book down!  There seemed to be a new surprise every  time i turned the pages.  There was just so much to learn about Francie and  her family.  The book at me crying towards the end, even though it wasn't  sad.  It was one of those books you just want to go on forever and never  end.  I think this book ranks alongside my favorite book of all time  &quot;Circle of Friends&quot;. This book is one for people who enjoy  reading about family life, and getting very much invovled with the  charecters and caring what happens to them in the following chapters. I  admit, there were some points in the book in which i was screaming at the  mother &quot;Don't do that to Francie! &quot; i would yell in my head.  I  think that is what makes this book so good-you become Francie and become  very much a part of her world.  I read 400 pages of the book in 2 days. I  never put it down-it was that good. If you are looking for a good book,  this is definiatly one to pick.
B000002HH2|5.0|Debut and Homogenic were very innovative in their own right, but Post is different. This is the one album that captures that true Bjork essence, and shows her at her most unusual, yet almost frighteningly brilliant. The  songs range from 40s big band romps, to pulsating techno, to calypso beats,  to Oriental Strings. This album has it all. Accompanied with the music  videos, it proves Bjork to be one of the most fascinating, and respected  artists of the 90s.
B00000DFSK|5.0|I've only been a fan for about a year or so..but who cares...I looooove this album...the standout songs are of course &quot;Angel Of Harlem&quot;,&quot;I'll I Want Is You,&quot;Sunday..&quot;,&quot;I Still  haven't...&quot;,&quot;With Or Without You&quot;,&quot;Sweetest  Thing&quot;,&quot;When Love Comes To Town,&quot;Pride&quot; and  &quot;Desire&quot;..I love every song but those are my particular  faves....the reason &quot;One&quot; wasn't on it..was because it's a best  of from 80-90..U2 picked the hits as opposed to the minor hits like  &quot;October&quot;,&quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot; and others...u2 did a  great job at picking the standout hits..I can't wait until the next album
0679721037|5.0|This novel gives you more than just the facts of the Hiroshima bombing.  It gives you insight into the personal, long-term effects of the bombing on individual people.  It makes the tragedy seem less historic and more  personal.
6305622825|5.0|This movie was very good. I loved the ending, it was so unexpected. The gizmos and the plans for th robberies were so interesting. The acting was also great.
B000003BEM|5.0|Man, this is when the Stones really got good. They were the best before but this album is defiantly when they became geniuses. I mean, just compare Beggers Banquet to Between the Buttons and you'll see what I mean. And  these albums were just about a year apart! Nothing against Between the  Buttons, its an ok album, it just can't compare with Beggers Banquet.  Sympathy For the Devil is one of the most frightening songs in rock and  roll, its not just about the devil, its about the human soul. Jagger  doesn't make the devil cartoonishly scary or evil, hes just &quot;a man of  wealth and taste&quot; a cultured, refined man who demands respect and  sympathy or he'll &quot;lay your soul to waste&quot; Can't believe its by   the same guy who wrote Shes A Rainbow just a year before. Shows you what  happens when you stop following trends. Its not a satanic worshipping rock  song,its not for your empty minded devil worshipping teenage boys, its much  more complex than that. Its a dark, haunting journey through the soul of  mankind, an intellegent look at evil. Jagger was inspired to write Sympathy  For the Devil after reading The Master and Margarita, a Russian novel by  Mikhail Bulgakov about the devil and God. I've always wanted to read this  book but haven't been able to find it in the bookstores. No Expectations is  a haunting song about love lost, it can make you cry in the right mood,  Mick sounds so heartbroken. Dear Doctor is a hillbilly, country song about  a young redneck who has second doubts on his wedding day and lucks out when  his bride to be runs off with his cousin. Its a pretty funny song and I  love the redneck, hillbilly feel of it.Parachute Woman is like an old blues  song but much dirtier.&quot;My heavy throbbers itchin just to lay a solo  rhythm down.&quot; Love that song.Jigsaw Puzzle is a break off from the  country and blues feel of the previous songs. Jagger, instead of singing in  his usual bluesman growl sings in a flat, cool type of way. Its aclever,interesting song with some neat lyrics. Streetfighting Man is a song  of the times, about revolution happening in the streets but Jagger doesn't  really take a strong stand on the issue, instead, hes just a poor boy  singing in a rock and roll band. One of my favorite things about the Stones  is that they've never been overly political except maybe with Undercover in  the eighties. Prodiagal Son takes us back in time to the roots of the blues  and out of the heady days of the sixties. Its one of my favorite songs on  the album and reminds me of You Gotta Move on Sticky Fingers. Love Jaggers  vocal delivery on it. Stray Cat Blues is another favorite and it is just  purely Jagger, a wild wicked song about a young groupie &quot;I can see  that you're 15 years old, but I don't want no ID. Bet your mama don't know  you can scream like that, bet she don't know you scratch my back.&quot;  Factory Girl is a breezy country,hillbilly type song with a nameless  redneck pining away for his factory girl who hes waiting to pick up from  work. Jagger adopts many personifications on this album, from Satan to  hillbilly to revolutionary to groupie devouring rock star(that must not  have been too hard)this album is like a novel, each song has a different  character. The last song is Salt of the Earth which sings to &quot;the  hardworking people, the salt of the earth. I always picture a group of  young,smug,upperclass aristocrats singing this song, drinking their tea to  the commonman whom they can't even recognize as fellow human beings   &quot;They don't look real to me, in fact they look so strange.&quot; They  can drink their healths but they don't really believe that worlds out there  and they are safe in their rich, comfortable world. The song swells to a  gospel rich chorus and it is a fitting finale to the album.
0788811355|5.0|This movie was so beautiful. I wish there was love like that in every movie. The acting was superb, especially Ralph Fiennes. This movie had a great plot and the scenery of the desert was exquisite. I LOVED this movie.
B000002B35|5.0|If you're looking for your first Pink Floyd CD, you'll probably love this one. It serves as a great &quot;greatest hits&quot; collection. But if you're a diehard fan who already has their other major albums, there's  nothing new for you here.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is truly great
B000003TA4|5.0|if your a true grunge fan this album is a must have. without a doubt the best album of the 90's. i would hate to see the state of music if nirvana had not came along.
B000001Y79|5.0|I bought this after hearing Don't Speak, which is still my favourite song on the album.  And I'll admit, when I first listened to the CD, my initial reaction was &quot;weird&quot;.  But I always give a CD a second chance,  and as I listened to the songs again, they really began to grow on me.  Now  they're almost addictive, and I frequently find myself humming one of the  many songs which I love.  It is now one of my favourite CDs and I think  I'll buy other No Doubt albums too.  I have about 7 favourites, but only  one song which I don't like (world go round) which is pretty impressive.
0553293397|5.0|This is the second book in the Baley-Daneel duo.  And it's better than the first one, The Caves of Steel.  The Science Fiction aspect is more creative--the Solarians are unlike any race I'm seen or read.  The mystery  is even tougher.  Looking at the two books, The Naked Sun is almost the  opposite of The Caves of Steel.  The latter takes place in a confined  Earth, with few robots.  The former is on Solaria, a world with many robots  and open spaces.  Baley's reaction to the expierence rings true to his  character--especially when dealing with the open spaces.  To sum up, this  is sequel will hook you and make you crave more.  How fortunate there is a  book called The Robots of Dawn!
B000002I7R|5.0|\\"Pictures At Eleven\\" is perhaps not generally regarded as a classic, but it remains Robert Plant's best solo album due to it's geniunely strong material and lack of pretentiousness (which went on to affect some later efforts). The album rocks pretty hard and today, almost  18 years after it's release, it does still sound vital and original. Standout tracks include 'Slow Dancer', 'Worse Than Detroit', 'Burning Down One Side' and 'Like I've Never Been Gone'.
0553293397|5.0|This is the second book in the Baley-Daneel duo.  And it's better than the first one, The Caves of Steel.  The Science Fiction aspect is more creative--the Solarians are unlike any race I'm seen or read.  The mystery  is even tougher.  Looking at the two books, The Naked Sun is almost the  opposite of The Caves of Steel.  The latter takes place in a confined  Earth, with few robots.  The former is on Solaria, a world with many robots  and open spaces.  Baley's reaction to the expierence rings true to his  character--especially when dealing with the open spaces.  To sum up, this  is sequel will hook you and make you crave more.  How fortunate there is a  book called The Robots of Dawn!
B00002NDB1|5.0|Blaze Bayley, Iron Maiden's third vocalist, sadly only appears on  two albums. This is the second  and last Maiden voyage he would take, which really is a shame. While this disc isn't up to the level of excellence that the predecessor &quot;X Factor&quot; was, there are plenty of good songs, great playing and superb singing. It's noteworthy that one track on here, 'The Clansman', was performed live by Maiden after Blaze exited and Bruce Dickinson returned. So you KNOW there are great things going on here.
0553108034|3.0|I enjoyed both of Mr. Martin's books, but both suffer from what I call choppiness.  If you try to read the book the way it is written, it becomes way too cumbersome as you switch from character to character trying to let  each develop while letting the plot progress.  If someone with influence  with Mr. Martin reads this, please ask him to put 2 to 3 of each  character's chapters together.  I believe doing this will promote greater  character development, lessen the cognitive load created by trying to read  a book from cover to cover in a relatively short period of time (he is  pretty good you know), and not impede the flow of the plot. If book three  remains the same, well, I guess I'll do what I did with the first two --  skip from character to character saving a few chapters at the end for last.
B000002UA0|5.0|This was Pink Floyd's debut album, when Syd Barrett was still in the band and before Gilmore arrived. And what an incredible album. They were at their absolute brilliant best here. I cannot recommend &quot;Piper At The  Gates Of Dawn&quot; highly enough, although you should be aware that it  sounds nothing like '70's Pink Floyd. At this point Roger Waters was second  in command and the mad genius that was Syd sculpted the bulk of this  record. (The mono mix is different but  stick with the stereo.) While this  is largely dismissed by fans of their later work, don't make the mistake of  listening to them. This is as great as Pink Floyd would  ever get. A  must-have.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD starts off with perhaps the best mosher of all time - Smells Like Teen Spirit. The quality of this song makes you want to listen on - next you get In Bloom, which is a more rocky song. Come As You Are, the song  that was meant to sell tha album, slows down the pace, while Breed brings  it right back up again. Then Lithium kicks in - the lyrics of Lithium are  so singable, it makes you want to jump up and down! The rest of the album  is full of more hits - Drain You, On A Plain, Lounge Act, Polly, etc. This  is defitenetly one of the best albums of all time. But it now. You won't be  dissapointed.
B000003BF1|5.0|While this contains some of the most essential tracks the Stones would ever record (you know what they are), other stuff like &quot;Monkey Man&quot; and &quot;Country Honk&quot; kinda make me scratch my head.   Still an all time classic, but not one where every track is a winner.
B00000J7JO|3.0|Hey, I haven't heard many songs on this cd, but Scar Tissue is definately one of my favorites!
630416923X|3.0|Ok, so you take the best band in history, you put their story together and it fits into 8, 1 1/2 hour tapes......No way!  I would have expected at leat the tapes to last the whole 2 hours.<br />I admit there are some very  good parts. I'm a big Beatles fan and I found out a couple of things I  didn't know, but their are a lot of things I do know that weren't  there.<br />I mean where are all the details of the Sgt. Pepper album? How  about their last recording session (without John)? And why isn't Real Love  some where in there?<br />One more thing, 26 years after they split, they  practically bring John Lennon back to life and record 2 new songs, and not  a word about that.....What were they thinking? I would have liked it if the  last part of tape 8 would have been about their reunion. Isn't that part of  The Beatles Anthology? I guess not, for the makers of these videos, The  Beatles are 1966 and before. A shame really. They could have done great  things with the story of the greatest band of the millenium.
6303942830|5.0|A lot has been written about this story and film.  In my opinion it deserves particular credit for perhaps the finest opening sequence in film.  The fusion of the soundtrack, cinematography, story setting and execution  is without peer.  You can see it again and again...
6301978587|2.0|Far too much singing and profile shots of the schnozz from hell.  I much preferred the South Park episode of MECHA-STREISAND that accurately portrays the actress as a 50-foot tall robot that eats people, shoots  missiles from her nose, and yearns to take over the world.  The scenery and  costumes are good in Yentl, and the plot is fairly engaging (though it  follows the usual cliches of cross-dressing ala Shakespeare, Bosom Buddies,  Tootsie, etc.).  If you took out the singing, the movie would be much  better... and about 20 minutes long. It's worth seeing, I guess, as long as  your remote mute button works.  I'm buying a copy for a friend as a joke.
B000006FNX|1.0|I got depressed while watching this picture because I missed the quality of the previous Bonds which were made by producer Cubby Broccoli and EON productions.  Missing are a teaser in the beginning and afterwards a catchy  tune sung by a big name singer while the credits role.  There are no clever  quips said by Bond.  The scenery is boring.  The only good thing I can say  about this picture is the first rate cast - Sean Connery, Max Von Sydow,  Klaus Maria Brandauer, and for the girls, Kim Basinger and Barbara Carrera  - who played an excellent villainess and deserved better.  It would have  been interesting to see all those actors in an EON production.
6305313687|5.0|Where as most films portray the racists as being thick scum bullying nice people, this film protrays them as intelligent scum bullying nasty people. It's brutaly honest. Thats what sets it apart from other films that try to  make this message. Through the first half of the film it could be seen to  be promoting racism but that's not the case, it's just showing the facts  and then end message is that racism isn't worth it. Watch this film.
B000003TBP|5.0|this is, without a doubt, one of the coolest albums i own, simply because it's so eclectic. it misses no stops, skips no beats.  from the furious  force of 'devil's haircut' and 'novacane' to the eerie 'derelict' and  incredibly layered and funny 'high 5', beck showers you with screams, funky  rhymes, and innocent innuendo. his voice is something rare these days:  folky, honest, sweet and powerful. i boldly proclaim that each track is a  work of art, in a way, and listening to this album always makes me feel  much, much better.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis Morissette is the most phenominal voice I have ever heard.  I can remember listening to her for the first time, and thinking &quot;this music...is...real&quot;.  I was only twelve at the time.  But now, as I  have watched the music industry sink into a hole of hype and perfuncotry  efforts, she continues to amaze her undying fans with the power of reality.   Buy this CD if you are not one of the 130 million that has it already.   You will not regret it.
B000006NPY|4.0|[1] mellon collie and the infinite sadness: meet billy corgan, the angry, sneering, burn-the-world anti-hero. [2] adore: meet billy corgan, the romantic, passive-but-not-overlooked obsessed poet dude. ha. i love it.  very original, very unique.
6305627347|4.0|This movie is actually quite hilarious if you are a South Park fan like me but If you honestly think that anyone out there would actually pay 103.00 for the South Park movie you must be crazy.
B000031XCR|1.0|celine dion has no talent whatsoever. everyone praises the ground she walks on because she sang the theme to titanic. (something i wouldn't be too proud of if i were her)
0792156684|2.0|why would anyone want to see this more than once ---  what was the appeal? (and obviously was as per dollars)  was so overrated and so underacted --- so little chemistry between the lead actors ---   the supporting staff was  the only saving grace  --  could never compare to the passions of Dr.   Zhivago!
B000031XCR|5.0|I have alwasy like Celine's music, but this album is one of her best.  It gives you some of her greatest hits and then 7 brand new songs.  Including the hit That's the Way It Is.  This song is by far one of my favorites.  I  also liked the song All The Way, with Frank Sinatra. It is a warm felt  song, and I can see how it is her husband's and her song.  If you want to  know about Celine Dion and her music, this is the cd to buy.
6305603847|5.0|Be careful, this masterpiece has been bastardized by making it widescreen version only. The picture does not fill my entire screen therefore I want a partial refund for the parts  of the movie which I cannot see. I did not  purchase a 60&quot; television so that I can see only 60% of the picturedue  to &quot;letterboxing&quot;. Offer both formats so that the purchasing  public can make their own decisions onwhich version they would like to  view. It's sort of like the irony in this film. Don't try to make us all  into something we are not. We are not all the same. We all come from a  democratic society therefore don't try to ram the letterboxed version of  this movie down out throats. Give us the right to choose: to make our own  decision!
0425170349|4.0|Rainbow Six was a fun read for me mostly because of the commandos in it. The scenes were the Rainbow team tosses their flash-bang grenades at the hostage takers and save the good guys are very nice. So nice that most of  the books other flaws didn't annoy me too much. Some of those flaws are the  lame dialogue (EVERY person in the book says &quot;...y'know?...&quot; at  least six thousand times...), somewhat undeveloped characters, and a  somewhat unbelivable plot. Despite all these, odd plot and all, I still  liked it.
0064471047|5.0|&quot;The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe&quot; is an enchanting story of four children who step into a ordinary wardrobe and find themselves in the land of Narnia. This book is second in a series called &quot;The  Chronicles of Narnia&quot;, which happens to be one of the only children's  stories written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis was famous for his Christian writings,  which holds evident is this book for he relates to the story of Jesus  Christ throughout it's entire theme. This is done through the symbolism of  many of the characters (Alsan to Jesus; the White Witch to Satan) and  themes (good vs. evil). These observations may not be evident to children,  but it makes an excellent reading for them and adults alike. Aside from the  symbolism, the story is timeless and magical as it lets a child's  imagination wander and sparks the child within us.
B000031XCR|3.0|Well Celine finally managed to pull off a collection of 9 old hits and 7 new songs, but still not a very retrospective record so to speak. Her maiden English hit WHERE DOES MY HEART BEAT NOW is solely misiing and  that's the song that broke her into the mainstream. I wonder why To Love  You More was included although it only did moderately well at radio. I  would consider Celine's best to be the pre-Let's Talk About Love era, after  which she, not unlike Mariah or Whitney, started becoming commercial and  displaying full vocal pyrotechnics. But somehow she was more honest and  less of a prima-donna! Missing are such celebrated hits like Where Does My  Heart Beat Now, When I Fall In Love, Nothing Briken But My Heart, Think  Twice, Misled and Falling Into You. For the new songs, the first single,  That's The Way it Is, is a mid-tempo Celine-type songs, as unexciting as  the title suggests. Only the virtual duet with Frank Sinatra deserves a  mention for being fantastic.
B000000Y2F|5.0|this has got to be my favorite jazz recording.  I'm not even going to try to describe it, you need to hear it for yourself but I would like to mention another disc that complements this one very well.  It's called  'Live at the Five Spot Discovery!', and it's on blue note.  It was recorded  by Coltrane's wife late in the summer of 57, and features excellent live  versions of trinkle tinkle and epistrophy as well as others.  The sound  quality is not as good as this disc, but listening to the two one after the  other can be very rewarding.  I've recommended 'Monk with Trane' to several  people who haven't experienced much jazz, and while Monk can be rough  starting point for a jazz collection, I think the material is good enough  that it will win over anyone even slightly inclined to appreciate jazz if  given a chance.
0767827015|5.0|This movie explains to us the consequences of being in a gang as you would have found out if you saw the movie for yourself.  A tight uplifting film that has a good storyline and some very good moments in it indeed.  I would  give this movie the BEST OF THE MONTH probably but definitely not the best  of the year.<br />VERY GOOD MOVIE A MUST SEE FOR YOU VIOLENCE TYPE PEOPLE
0385484518|5.0|What a gift!  I read the book in under 2 hours.  I laughed, I cried and I loved Morrie and Mitch.   I plan to keep a copy for myself and pass one on to those I know to share the most powerful story I have read in my  lifetime.  We need more Morries and Mitchs in this world!
6302610702|5.0|This trilogy is an even bigger masterpiece than Star Wars.  It explains to you in full detail the struggle of how to keep a mob and a family together and happy.  Brando plays an excellent role as the first godfather and I  think he did his definite best at it.  Pacino was terrific in this movie as  well.  The only thing I find wrong is that Pacino plays the godfather in  all three videos and I think that was okay but you know it wasn't really  meant to be since micheal (Pacino) started out in the army and had no clue  how to even run a mob.  I give this movie 5 stars because it is a definite  masterpiece and anyone who says that it isn't well written should be shot  because I don't think you could get a better story about the moffia
B000002KIC|5.0|Having just heard about Rick Danko's death, I had to go back and listen to this CD package (and watch the video as well).  It brings me back to the first time I saw the movie, during one of those midnight movie sneak-outs  in high school in the 70s.  Those instances inevitably involved fervent  heavy petting in the balcony with little or no attention given to the  flick.  When I went to see the &quot;Last Waltz&quot;, it was much the same  (more a tribute to hormonal imperative than any lack of quality on the  screen and through the speakers)until Rick sang &quot;It Makes No  Difference.&quot;  I had never heard the song before, and at the time  didn't even distinguish Rick from the other guys in the band, but--my  god--that voice, that song, that painfully naked delivery!  This guy meant  it!  He had the oddest voice, and seemed to have to go through great  contortions to spit the words out while playing the bass, but the risks he  took and the conviction he embodied sold it completely.  I had to stop what  I was doing (as important as it was) and give full attention to this guy  who looked like the only thing he could bear less than being on stage was  NOT being on stage singing this song.  You can probably count the singers  who really mean it on both hands (and maybe have a finger or two left  over), and you better believe it that Rick is on that short list.  I saw  him in the early 90s at the Cactus Cafe in Austin, and he was older,  fatter, not all that coherent between songs, but the voice and conviction  were still there.  There is little real passion left in the world, and  music is mostly product, and I feel real sad that Rick is gone.  Adios,  dude.
0790729989|5.0|This movie has a lot to offer.  I have written reviews for a lot of movies in amazon.com but I think this one might be the easiest to tell to you people who are reading.  Seven is a DARK movie and that gives it a little  bit of thrill.  The best thing in this movie is the acting and the well  performed scenery.  This movie is a good addition to your Drama section on  your video shelf maybe even suspense.  It is amazing the way this man  (jondoe) is able to keep every single murder perfectly secret until he  wants it exposed.  This movie also is very well written.  Each clue is  perfectly detailed and every murder has it's own thing to tell the  detectives: Mills (Pitt) and Somerset (Freeman) about the next murder that  happened so that they never lose track of anything.  I am not going to tell  you the ending but it will come as quite a shock to most of you.
0790742780|3.0|A very watchable film that makes you wonder what would happen if...it was one of those days. How many have sat in traffic queues and just wanted to get out? How many people have felt frustrated by seemingly unnecessary  roadworks? Or fast food diners with pointless rules? <br />On first viewing I  enjoyed the film, feeling some sympathy for the character. As the film  unfolded though, I was saddened to discover that there was more to Michael  Douglas' character than met the eye. I think it diminished the film to  reveal that the character was quite disturbed beforehand.<br />I still find it  good viewing and enjoy some of the scenes when taken at face value - 85  cents for a soda! Reminded me of a trip to London, on a hot day when I  needed to buy a cola (chilled) and paid £1 for it (about $1.60)...not that  I tore up the place with a baseball bat!<br />Good performances from both the  main and the supporting cast ensure that the film is not a complete  loss.<br />The DVD is a good transfer, the picture quality is excellent. The  only downside is that this is a basic package - a trailer being the only  extra on the DVD.
B00000K2SC|4.0|This movie left me with a lot of GOOD comments to say but I will only use a few of them since I can only use 1000 words.  First of all and I think you can all agree with me that the special effects are incredible.  I have  never seen anything like it before.  Next the storyline leaves you  speechless because even though you have seen it 100 times you still can't  quite explain what the movie means to everyone but yet it is quite simple  if you really sit down and think about it. So here it is &quot;The matrix  is a world of everything and anything combined.  We right now are not  seeing the whole truth but yet we are seeing only what the computers want  us to see.  We are really sitting inside a tube filled with goo.  When we  are born we have a choice to take a blue pill (means we can stay where we  are) or we can take a red pill (Go into the matrix).  So right now as you  are all reading this you are all sitting down and wondering what matrix  really is.  Well why wouldn't you know since you have been living in it for  your whole entire life&quot; Pretty freaky isn't it. SWEET DREAMS
6305594252|4.0|I see that some of the reviews below must refer to an older release of the disc. The Special Edition is a single sided disc. The opening menu provides the viewer with the option to watch the film as it was shown in cinemas or  to watch it with extra footage (the default setting).<br />I find this film to  be highly enjoyable. Its not too taxing but it has a sense of adventure  lacking in other films. There is a sense of wonder about this film that  makes it watchable (sadly the TV series lacks the film's charm, pace and  sense of wonder and imagination).<br />The only negative point regarding the  DVD is the picture quality. The film is okay until the scene when Ra's ship  first lands. As the dust swirls the picture quality noticeably drops -  evidently there were problems trying to compress this image and in order to  avoid artefacting something had to give. In spite of this the film is  watchable, the overall picture quality varies from 10/10 to 7/10. I doubt  that this will spoil anyone else's enjoyment. For those who prefer 200%  technical perfction from any film I doubt that there is any DVD, video  cassette in existence that can satisfy them.
6304406096|5.0|I think this is a great Bond film, I don't know why it was never properly released on video. There is absolutely no problems with it. James Bond is played by Sean Connery and the Bond girl (Domino) is played by Kim  Basinger. I would give it a five star review and say BUY IT!  It is mainly  about a man about to detonate two nuclear warheads without any demands.  There is only one gadget in it and that is a pen with an explosive nib. He  uses it for a explosive get-away. Edward Fox plays &quot;M&quot;. 007 gets  stabbed in the ribs on the training course at the beginning of the film, he  finishes th etraining course in 1 min 47 secs. My overall mark out of 10  would be 9 and if you are just reading my review to get an opinion before  buying it, I would say it is a terrific video and you should buy it (It is  only available from amazon.com)
B000000I0J|5.0|&quot;Platinum&quot; holds a special place in Oldfield's discography. It is different from Tubular Bells and from his current work. A good share of the music here is tongue-in-cheek, and is a romp of sorts. There is a nod  to the Charleston, as well as a quote from Philip Glass' &quot;North  Star&quot;. Also worth mentioning is Oldfield's version of &quot;I've Got  Rhythm&quot;. <br />I've been an Oldfield fan for decades, and  &quot;Platinum&quot; remains one of my favorites - it's upbeat, lively, and  light-hearted!
6302994063|5.0|This is a lively romp that is sure to take your cares away. The &quot;staged&quot; flashback concerning Scott's father is hilarious and adds a new dimension to the term &quot;flash-back&quot;. The music is  top-rate, the editing is cutting, the dancing is flashy and the romance is  sweet. Excellent over-the-top performances all round.
B00001QEE7|4.0|The sound is great (full-digital) and the video is crisp and clear.  The extras on this DVD were extremly lacking.  No extra audio or video selection (Widescreen or Standard) but the standard language selection!   Also there was a slight video pause in chapter 17.  Overall great DVD to  add to the Disney collection.
0800132335|5.0|Without compare, the best submarine movie ever made. The realism of &quot;Das Boot&quot; is powerful. There is little glamour associated with living on this submarine.<br />Told from the German perspective, this story  takes place during the latter stages of WWII. The depth-charge scenes are  riveting and you can experience the madness of the event.<br />I reccomend  viewing the German version (English sub-titles). Though I have never been a  fan of &quot;reading&quot; a movie, this one is the exception. The first  time I saw the Das Boot (The Boat)it was in German. By reading the  sub-titles I became immersed in the movie.<br />Buy it, rent it, borrow it.  But definately watch it!
0670824399|5.0|Matilda is the &quot;Bomb&quot;.  All of the characters are very well introduced in the beginning.  The entire book was very interesting and enjoyable.  This book was very funny and a joy to read.  I hope anyone who  reads this book enjoys it as much as I do.
6305388458|5.0|Well ... <br />You might get offended at this film if you are a woman, a man, a Christian, a Roman, a leper, a militant, part of human society, an individual, a space alien, a wolf, a jaguar, an otter, a gay, a lawyer, a  member of the PFJ, a member of the JPF, a sufferer of heart disease, a  Latin teacher, Welsh, weird, blind, a hermit, etc., etc. ...............
B00001QEE7|4.0|The picture and sound quility of the film are amazing on DVD.  The story is absolutely breathtaking.  The only knock I have about the DVD is for the extra price of being a Disney DVD, why couldn't they throw in a few extras  like so many other DVD movie releases have done - I felt that Disney got  cheap on us on that respect, that's why I gave them 4 stars, instead of 5.   The movie on widescreen will blow you and your children away, but I was  expecting a few extras like most other DVD's.
0780619676|4.0|This is a perfect vehicle for the zany talents of Jim Carrey loosly based upon a Tex Avery cartoon. Carrey puts a twist on the Hero's journey as everyday man possessed by his  Trickster Shadow. The action never ends, and  the music is infectious. Cameron Diaz gives one her best performances to  date. The climax is non-stop fun action that moves briskly along. Robert  O'Reilly's physical acting when hunting down the bemasked pooch is  hilarious. This film is a better treatment for depression than Prozac.
0790729628|3.0|For people who haven't seen the original the Director's cut is frankly unwatchable.  The pace is glacial and the lack of dialog and explanation make the plot confusing and tedious.  The narration in the original is  cheesy and overplayed but lends some humanity to an otherwise drab role and  keeps the movie on track.  With regard to the 'central theme' mentioned in  previous reviews, anyone who has been paying attention in the original will  get it (give us ignorant masses some credit), and if anything the narration  and imagery at the time of Roy's death underscores it.  As for the ending,  I prefer the original though I agree it was a little heavy-handed.  The  sunlight creates a stark contrast to the darkness that saturates the  remainder of the film...I guess it boils down to whether you're the type of  person who likes a happy ending or a melancholy one.  The Director's cut is  worth a watch if you're a Blade Runner fan but I strongly recommend the  original, at least for starters.<br />n.b., I admit I'm biased, I saw the film  in the theaters when it came out, loved it then and think they should have  left well enough alone, but then again I'm not the director...
6303823351|2.0|The only good thing about this movie are the Beatles themselves. The plot(and I'm being generous when I call it that ) is very weak and not funny. If everything else could be edited out except when the Beatles are  either performing or on screen by themselves then we would have something  watchable. It is way too scripted. The Beatles are at their best just being  themselves as in a &quot;Hard Days Night&quot;
6305165912|5.0|The Big Lebowski almost...almost...conquers Fargo for title of best Coen Brothers movie. Anyone who enjoys their work will find it very funny, and their humour is taken to surreal heights this time around. A lot of people  don't like this film, but let me tell you something. Compare this to any  other films of the 90s and it comes out as one of the best. People forget  that we are so inundated with absolutely banal cinema that once in a while,  when something good does come along, we miss out because we're too busy  watching rubbish like Armaggedon or Titanic. Script first, then film -  that's the way the Coens do it, and it always gets brilliant results. Any  scenes with the nihilists in this film are laugh out loud funny, and  Bridges is so apathetic it seems like he really is The Dude. Coen brothers  films are emminently quotable, and this one is no exception, along with a  series of setpieces that are marvellously mad - just watch the scene where  Goodman goes postal on a car. The dialogue is fresher than anything  Tarantino can do, the only other person able to reproduce the spoken  language so well being Elmore Leonard. Now there's a prospect - a Leonard  novel adapted by the Coens. We can hope. The interview on the disc is quite  interesting if only to see how the Coens hate being interviewed, moving  onto the subject of carpets instead of the actual film. Nice moving menus,  although they could have done with a bit of music, but DVD can take you to  all those brilliant scenes in the blink of an eye, so buy this liitle  beauty - you won't be dissapointed.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is the best Limp Bizkit CD ever yet, and every single song is great.  For all the bad comments that were posted above mine, well, y'all now where y'all can go!
0805047905|5.0|This is my 13 month old baby's favorite book since he was a newborn.  Everytime he sees it, he is ready to settle down and listen.
6305358567|4.0|A lightly-veiled homage to the superior Amadeus, this movie speaks of the modern plight of women everywhere who must subvert their femininity to the point of hiding their true natures behind a clown's makeup. The stunning  ending is presented with the music of Mozart's Requium, but could easily be  replaced by Smoky Robinson's &quot;Tears of a Clown.&quot;
6301955676|3.0|Reanimator could have been a better movie than it was. One thing that really bugged me was the scene in the mortuary where they reanimate that naked guy. When the naked guy gets drilled through by a surgical instrument  you can see it's obviously fake...just watch the bottom of the  screen...it's hilarious, but it also spoils this otherwise great movie for  me.
0375707972|4.0|This book was artfully and eloquently written. The author's use of simple language to express complex human emotions in Post WWII Germany is rather refreshing. There is a simple twist to the book that one might not expect,  but the book does not go much in the way of suspense or even drama for that  matter. It's a nice quick read for those blue rainy days at home when one  reclines next to a window with fruit, tea, and chocolate...or not. However  your preferred ambiance it's a nice read.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Well first let me start by saying that if you like Anime then you will love this movie, If you are into computers you will love this movie if you like seeing a fine woman in tight leather/latex you will like this movie.   The first time i watched this movie was bootlegged, and it was awesome.then  my friend bought it on DVD and I got immersed in the music and the  enviornment.  the fight scenes are absolutely brilliant.  The  cinimatography in this film is superb, the way that the directors use the  &quot;bullet time&quot; is spectacular, not too much &lt;like in that  TGIFridays commercial&gt;. Overall  I would give this movie 6 out of 5  stars IT IS SPECTACULAR!
B00000I9MK|5.0|This record is truly remarkable. Never have I heard of music so beautiful. It numbs every single emotion and leaves it lingering over heaven. The music is wonderful. I could listen to belle and sebastian again today. Yes,  I think I will.
B000002B30|5.0|I've been a big fan of this style of music for a long time now. Not just the Boss, but bands like John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band, John Mellencamp, Tom Waits, Southside Johnny, etc. But this particular greatest  hits compilation I seem to find myself returning to listen to over and over  again. Sure it has left some of his best work off it, but with someone who  has such a large catalogue of brilliant songs you're not going to be able  to please all the people all the time. What you do get is a condensed  version of his most popular hits, which showcase his talent for writing  songs that the common man can relate to. If your a big Springsteen fan, and  your looking for something in a similar vein, check out Jimmy Barnes or  Cold Chisel.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr.Dre is the man. A true master of the game from Compton,California. Most people said that Dre was gone. The truth is he never left. His last album was the Chronic, I thought that was the best yet but 2001 shows how great  of an artist Dr.Dre is.Still holdin it down for the '99,Dr.Dre explodes  with tight tracks and guests. The beats are great but the lyrics are the  best ever,out of any rappers mouth.This is a must have album(period)I feel  sorry for those who say dr fell off.Cuz for the '99 into the 2000, Dr.Dre  rules all.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD started a whole new world of music.  This is one of the best all time CD's with such great sogns as Smells Like Teen Spirit, Come As you Are, On A Plain.  Every song is good, there is not one bad song on this CD.  This is one of the best Cd's off rock and roll of the decade.
B000000OAC|4.0|Queen is an exceptionally talented and versatile band, and this album just goes to prove it.  When they don't get things quite right, you can still enjoy the experiment, and when they get it right, every note is perfect and  inspired.  It's hard to believe that the same man that wrote and sang  &quot;Get Down, Make Love&quot; also wrote and sang &quot;My Melancholy  Blues&quot;.  Unfortunately, as another reviewer has noted,  &quot;GDML&quot; is OTT, or Over the Top, which is a shame really, because  most of the instrumental is somewhat captivating and original.  But as  Freddie himself sings during the song, &quot;You say it's enough/In fact  it's too much&quot;!  No matter.  From the storming and yet still strangely  musical &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; to the hard-headed &quot;Fight From  the Inside&quot;, there's plenty to please on the rock 'n roll front, and  &quot;Sleeping On the Sidewalk&quot; is really groovy.  There are also lots  of more tender and reflective moments (&quot;All Dead, All Dead&quot; and  &quot;Spread Your Wings&quot;). &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; is rather  too frenzied for my taste, but who can resist &quot;We Are the  Champions&quot;?
B0000214F3|5.0|The film is such a perfect depiction about the hesitation to let go or to keep tight the ones we love.  The god of Death has taken the guy at the coffee shop away and he is waiting to deprive the life of the father.  He  even wants to take Jenny with them because he thinks he has fallen in love  with her.  However, it's not until he realizes that Jenny loves his  disguised appearance but not himself that he decides to let go.  Finally,  he leaves the guy at the coffee shop to Jenny.  Although it is hard to tell  what is going to happen to the guy and Jenny, especially after Jenny knows  her father's death the next morning, one thing for sure is that they will  live together with unconditional love.
B000002MG1|5.0|Hyperbolic statement?  Not when you consider the magic and beauty of this stunning masterpiece of a record.  There is so much depth, emotion, and passion here that merely listening to it is an amazingly enjoyable  experience.  Like all REM records, I opened the store the day it came out  in '92, broke land speed records driving home, cranked up the stereo, and  was completely awed. And it's not like this is any break through for REM -  the best American band of the century (the brits take the first few spots;  beatles, stones, who).  <br />The legacy of this record stands tall 7 years  later.  Much has come and gone since.  None of it (w/ possible exception of  OK Computer) matches up.<br />It's the end of the millenium and time to  declare the best we've witnessed and listened to.  Here is one strong vote  for Automatic for the People.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Overall, and excellent alction-packed, mind boggling film with a hot lead and excellent support from Laurece Fishbourne and Carrie Ann-Moss to back it up. Don't think it's exiting? Well, just imagine yourself in their  position.  What would you do? How would you act?
B000000OPU|5.0|If some asked me for my top 5 all time favorite albumns, &quot;So&quot; would be in that list. Its one of those albumns that I can honestly say I like every single song.  Its hard to find an albumn you can say that  about..they are few and far between...
1573225517|5.0|Since I run a record store, and have had some pretty horrible relationships, I thought this book was written exclusively for me. Sure this book is funny, but, it hit so close to home, that I'm sitting at home  in the dark all Sunday, with Etta James to keep me company. Caught them  filming some of this movie over the summer in Wicker Park. Between this and  Lloyd Dobbler, John Cusack and I have some sort of bond. He knows me.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the most profound novels I have ever read in my life.  It is wonderfully constructed and the two plots merge together wonderfully. I highly recommend this book for anyone over eighth grade.  A  book that can be read over and over again.
B000031XCR|5.0|I think the new songs on this album are well made. I like her new song &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot; because it's very upbeat.  This cd showcases Celine's best songs like &quot;If You Ask Me To&quot; and  &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;.  This cd was not as annoying as Let's  Talk About Love.  In my opinion, this is the best cd Celine has made so far  showing that amazing voice with the right songs.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|The new DVD relase of Mohicans is an *exceptional* transfer from the original, theatrical release.  That is not to say that there aren't problems.  A couple of scenes are jumpy, due to the cutting process in the  original film.  Why these anomalies could not be rectified during the  transfer are beyond me, as each frame must be re-registered in order to  provide the necessary rock-solid image that we all enjoy from DVD.  In any  case, I consider this a (very) minor annoyance.<br />The sound remains quite  good, in fact better than VHS in sonic legibility (perhaps this was a  result of the ProLogic process, perhaps remixing?)  I was a bit  disappointed to see that the sound was not encoded in AC-3, but, due to the  age of the film, I'm not sure that DD would have added much to the impact  of the movie.<br />Visually and viscerally, the DVD is a marked improvement  over the previous release, with substantially improved coverage of some of  the sub-plots (Duncan and Cora's initial encounters, Duncan's involvement  in the battles of the fort, et al, and especially Magua and the French  generals' dialogue, leading to a much better understand of from where and  why Magua's hatred emanated).  Russel Mean's expanded soliloquy at the end  was outstanding.  In fact, in revisiting the VHS theatrical release, many  of these scenes no longer work and are nonsensical, with chopped dialogue,  inappropriately-timed emotional outpourings and inflections -- things just  aren't as clear as with the DVD).<br />I, too, was slightly disappointed  that some of the conversational fireworks between Hawkeye and Duncan had  been removed, but I was not as affected by the removal of the Clannad  portion of the soundtrack as others were.  This, coming from a HUGE fan of  Clannad!  That sole song seemed to out of place in the original release,  yet another attempt to insert a well-known modern band into period story  without respecting the feeling of the period.  I enjoyed the exclusive  period music -- it made for a much more immersing and truthful experience,  despite the fact that it might cause less copies of the soundtrack to be  sold.<br />Despite the flaws that I (and others) have outlined, I still rate  this movie at five stars.  It still holds the punch and the raw energy that  the original relase held, with a few new and pleasant surprises of its own.  Mohicans is still one of the greatest cinematic experiences of the last 30  years, and the newly-released DVD is, overall, simply far better, more  consistent, and more intelligent than its antecedents.music -- it made for a much more immersing and truthful experience,  despite the fact that it might cause less copies of the soundtrack to be  sold.<br />Despite the flaws that I (and others) have outlined, I still rate  this movie at five stars.  It still holds the punch and the raw energy that  the original relase held, with a few new and pleasant surprises of its own.   Mohicans is still one of the greatest cinematic experiences of the last 30  years, and the newly-released DVD is, overall, simply far better, more  consistent, and more intelligent than its antecedents.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Rage Against the Machine throws caution into the wind with their newest album, &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles.&quot;  Rage incorpoates more of a funky, hip-hop beat with tracks like, &quot;Mic Check&quot; and &quot;Voice  of the Voiceless.&quot;  Famed gutarist, Tom Morello, still keeps beat with  his D.J. emulations, scratching and unthinkable guitar riffs.   &quot;Battle&quot; has more of an emotional feel with the chants from Zach  de la Rocha in songs like &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot; and &quot;Calm Like a  Bomb.&quot; &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles is a must have for any Rage  fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|The movie is outstanding, what else can be said about it!  Add the DVD and a good sound system at home, and it is simply awesome.<br />I did have one problem trying to run it on my computer using the PCFriendly software that  came with the DVD, but my own DVD player on the PC work ed fine. I also had  some problems with other goodies from the DVD, on my PC, but I think it has  to do with a compatibility problem with my ATI video board.<br />The movie  though, and that's why I got it, is out of this world. (hmmmm, maybe  because we are part of the Matrix? )
B00000K19E|4.0|Some of the moments in this film were so predictable and cliche that I could have wrote the script. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it &amp; found it fun-- this despite the fact that notoriously bad actor Keanu Reeves is the  main character.  A plus is he doesn't maul his lines with a horrible  quasi-British accent.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Even if you hate Celine, you'll like her the second you get a load of this. It contains great tracks like &quot;Ave Maria&quot;, &quot;Don't Save It All For Christmas Day&quot;, &quot;Blue Christmas&quot; with Diana  Krall, &quot;The Magick of Christmas Day&quot;, &quot;These Are The Special  Times&quot;, and &quot;Feliz Navidad&quot;. No Christmas album could be  better
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Rage Against the Machine's newest album, &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles,&quot; has a much larger funk and hip-hop flavor to it than Rage's previous records, &quot;Evil Empire&quot; and their first self-titled  album.  Tom Morello, lead gutarist for Rage, keeps tradition with his  additions of DJ emulations, scratching and dynamic guitar riffs.  The album  has a much more emotional feel to it with the lyrical bombardment from lead  singer, Zach de la Rocha, in songs like, &quot;Voice of the Voiceless&quot;  and &quot;Calm Like a Bomb.&quot;  &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is  a must have for any Rage fan.  It shows the musical maturity over the past  decade of their existence.
B0000214F0|3.0|If you want to buy this then here's some advise.The case sucks.It isn't in plastic but rather just cardboard &amp; I can see this wearing out quickly.The movie quality also sucks.It's basically video quality so do  yourself a favor &amp; rent it.The only thing this has going for it is the  hour long documentary which is alright but not worth the money.THEY DIDN'T  EVEN INCLUDE THE TRAILER! This movie will shock the prudish &amp; repressed  so that's about all it has going for it.It isn't art like Guccione wants  you to believe.It's a big budget porno which is entertaining to a point but  highly over rated.REMEMBER BEFORE BUYING THAT THIS MOVIE IS A HARDCORE XXX  FILM that is supposedly banned in 30 states(or so I hear)&amp; it really  surprises me that it's available here.This movie is worth a look if you can  rent the video but if you can't then I guess you have no choice but to get  this lousy quality dvd.Why wasn't it released on video as well?I can't  figure that one out but it sure isn't worth buying a dvd player just to  view this mess.Just my opinion.
0899663036|5.0|Betty Smith's &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; is a wonderful read.  The story touches your heart, leaving you laughing and crying.  Seeing what the characters go through makes one appreciate all that they have.  Smith  is able to bring the characters to life and allow the reader to identify  with and see inside the characters minds.  I've read this book numerous  times, and it never gets old.  &quot;A Tree...&quot; is without a doubt the  best book I have ever read and should be recommended to all.  Once you pick  it up, you won't be able to put it down.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Classical music is far from mainstream. Neither are symphonic interpretations of rock music. Some symphonic records do manage to work however, like 1997's Kashmir: Symphonic Led Zeppelin. The heavy metal music  of Led Zeppelin was very orchestral and grandiose in nature and in effect  catered to a symphonic treatment. This is very much the case with  Metallica's awesome new record, S &amp; M.<br />S &amp; M is not simply heavy  metal meets classical music; it is the sound of two powerful forces of  music crashing together: Metallica and a live symphony. The sonic boom of  Metallica, aided by the propulsive drumming of Lars Ulrich (who is a sonic  force all by himself) matches the one hundred piece San Francisco Orchestra  note for note. The two musical styles marry together beautifully, bringing  new vibrancy to Metallica's songs.<br />More than just a greatest hits  package, more than just a double live album, S &amp; M is a gutsy  experiment that completely works. Metallica took a lot of heat from long  time fans for the more melodic Load and its follow-up, ReLoad. S &amp; M  may have these same fans scratching their heads. Under the direction of  Maestro Michael Kamen, the San Francisco Symphony is playing with  Metallica, not just around them. At the same time, Metallica is playing  with the symphony, not simply trying to overpower them.<br />Kamen's  arrangements, backing and counter melodies spark life into &quot;Fuel&quot;  and &quot;The Memory Remains.&quot; &quot;Until It Sleeps&quot; becomes  even more intense with Kamen's treatment, as does &quot;One.&quot;<br />S  &amp; M is heavy on songs from Load, ReLoad and The Black Album. But we  also get favourites from Ride The Lightning (&quot;For Whom the Bell  Tolls&quot; and &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot;) and Master of Puppets  (&quot;Battery,&quot; &quot;The Thing That Should Be&quot; and the  title-track)-sorry guys, nothing from Kill 'Em All. There are two  previously unreleased tracks as well, &quot;Human&quot; and &quot;No Leaf  Clover.&quot;<br />S &amp; M also obviously benefits from being a live album  and not just a studio recording. There is a strange satisfaction in  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; when Metallica fans in attendance (around 20  % of the audience) are able to match the band and the symphony as they  scream, &quot;Obey your master!&quot; I'm sure this alarmed many of the  non-Metallica fans in the audience-including season ticket holder Francis  Ford Coppola, who left after intermission.<br />Hopefully all Metallica fans  will embrace this album. S &amp; M is the most powerful listening  experience of the year.
6302969352|5.0|Now I know where the &quot;Thirteenth Warrior&quot; story was lifted
0790738139|5.0|I love this movie, but I must warn everyone that it is nearly impossible to comprehend everything in the first watch.  There are so many characters with different agendas, that it can be difficult to keep up. Still, though,  this film noir modern classic has enough interesting characters and plot  turns to keep even the most critical person interested.  It is a long film,  but not boring.  In fact, it sweeps along so well that one forgets the  time.  The players I really enjoyed were Russell Crowe as Bud White, the  tough cop with a vulnerable interior, and Kevin Spacey as  &quot;Hollywood&quot; Jack Vincennes, the cop who has slowly lost himself  in corruption.  The visual style of the film, mixed in with the great music  and incredible cast make up for one of the most amazing movies ever to  exist.  The only problem I had was Kim Basinger.  Although she did a very  good job as Lynn Bracken, I just can't see how she won the Oscar for best  supporting actress. I didn't think she was THAT good.
630562285X|4.0|This is a thoroughly enjoyable movie that keeps you guessing right up to the end.  The on-screen chemistry between Connery and Zeta-Jones added to the already thrilling plot.  <br />In addition, the exotic locales and the  ever-changing action keeps you glued to the screen.  <br />Connery only gets  better with age.
B0000214F0|5.0|The acting from McDoewl was great!  He is a very good actor.  The movie, even though gross, it is historically acurate.  If you want to critize something, critize the Romans.  Penthouse only portrayed the Roamns as they  were, and may I ad they did an excellent job at it.  The death of Caligula  could have been better.  The scenography is good, I could not find a single  mistake.  they even got the small details down pretty well.  Excellent Job.  without a doubt, the best thing the movie has to offer is the acting by  McDowel.  He should have received the oscar for that year
0790729628|5.0|If you come away from this movie thinking it was about a guy chasing after androids, then you missed the point.  This movie is about so much more than science fiction, or what the world will be like in the future.  This movie  cannot be easily fit into one category...nevertheless, the movie remains as  the best movie that I have ever seen.  I wish that the original uncut  version with the Harrison Ford narration would come out on DVD.  I'm one of  the lucky few to have the original on VHS and I'm afraid to watch it for  fear it will wear out too fast.  So I listen to the soundtrack, over and  over and over again.
B00000JZIK|5.0|I admit when I first heard about this movie, I had no desire to see it. But then my buddy sat me down and made me watch it from beginning to end.  I watched it once, and I have loved it from that day to this. The cast is  incredible, the story is twisted and interesting, and to top it all off,  it's very, very funny. I didn't really think much of Kevin Spacey before  this movie, but after this one performance, I was hooked. His ability to  physically and emotionally transform himself completely into Verbal Kint  really blew me away.  I have been a major Spacey fan ever since. If anyone  has yet to see this, I pity you.  It is really one of the best kept secrets  in the video world.
B0000041DF|5.0|Rachmaninoff's piano concerto number three has never attained the popularity of his more lush, second concerto, but it's his most monumental. It recieved proper reverence in the movie &quot;Shine,&quot; as it is, at  the apex of the piano repertoire.<br />While I own several, worthy recordings  of this masterpiece, Argerich's version, with Chailly and the RIAS Symphony  Orchestra Berlin, is my favorite. This is a no-holds-barred interpretation,  with Martha rampaging through this monster like a woman possessed. She  flexes her virtuosic muscles with Olympian authority, brutal speed, and the  brashness of youth. This is no cold, pedagogical rendition, my friends;  this is an emotionally charged, lustful orgy of notes! That's what  romanticism is all about, isn't it? Just listen to the wild applause at the  end, those people knew that they had witnessed magic!<br />The  &quot;live&quot; aspect of this CD is a real plus, lending an air of  occasion to the performance. &quot;Live&quot; recordings are difficult to  engineer properly, but this effort is captured nicely, with a clear,  &quot;upfront,&quot; yet spacious sound. Great performances are much more  pleasing when they're capably recorded.<br />Also on this disc is an excellent  rendition of Tchaikovsky's (very popular) piano concerto number one, with  Kondrashin. This performance is, likewise, well recorded. Argerich's  blazing treatment of the final movement whips the audience into a  thunderously jubilant appreciation for what they've just heard.<br />I mention  audience reaction (twice) for good reason; listening to these efforts, I'm  caught up in the passion of the moment in which they were recorded, and I  feel as one with those lucky ticket-holders. You will too!
B000002HJD|4.0|This album is an excellent play for the remaining Doors' members to try and cash in on a rekindled market for their music.  These recordings of Jim Morrison's personal notes are a direct gateway into his realm of thought.   Previously forgotten about, these vocals are probably the way Morrison's  writing should've been done in the first place.  His stylings need no  musical accompaniment, although the remaining members decided to do so  anyway.  This album is chock-full of personal history, unreleased poems and  verse, and clips of their songs that help add to the over-all effect of the  album.  This is an essential CD for the ultimate Doors fan.  In the Doors'  previous recordings and live performances, Jim Morrison appeared as a  Shaman commanding a Mass for his minions.  This album produces a more  candid appearance of Morrison to his fans.  Another good point about this  album is that there are numerous color photos strewn throughout the insert,  and a few of Morrison's own illustrations are put in as well.  The only  reason why I rated this a 4-star and not a 5-star was because of the  additional music.  The original recordings were never meant to be put with  music, and it's as though the remaining members are trying to promote  themselves by using their dead band mates gift of verse as the vessel.   But, over all, I feel this is a good buy for both the long-time fan and the  casual listener.
6305003882|2.0|If you want a movie to show that drugs are bad, this is it. Otherwise, it's just not that great a movie. Yes, Leo does a good job of portraying someone who just about throws his life away, but the movie just didn't draw  me in. I realize it's a true story so there's not a lot you can do with it,  but there wasn't a single character I cared about.
B00000K19E|5.0|Best sci fi movie of 1999. It had something Star Wars didn't, a good and original story.
B000002BUY|5.0|Ok, I'm going to do the kind of review where i do a review of each song.<br />1-Redifine: a great opener to the cd, and it really grows on you. the scratching effects from dj lyfe gets annoying after a while, though  (3/5).<br />2-Vitamin: definately one of the best songs on the cd, it's got a  great melody (5/5).<br />3-New Skin: the best song, hands down  (5/5).<br />4-Idiot Box: good, but could have used a little more  &quot;heavyness&quot;. the intro's the best part (3/5).<br />5-Glass: i really  like the chorus, and it's a good track (4/5).<br />6-Magic Medicine: slowest  track, but still pretty good. it mixes a bunch of beats (2/5).<br />7-A  Certain Shade Of Green: the 2nd best after new skin. the riff is awesome  (5/5).<br />8-Favorite Things: i haven't really listened to this track  totally, but i've liked what i've heard (4/5).<br />9-Summer Romance (blah  blah): the best slow song on here. good &quot;jazzy&quot; type of song  (5/5).<br />10-Nebula: one of the heaviest on the cd, and the little interlude  parts of it are really cool (4/5).<br />11-Deep Inside: a soft song that's  pretty heavy in some parts. good guitar by michael (4/5).<br />12-Calgone: the  heaviest on the cd, and the most diverse. blends all their styles into one  song. the ending part is really cool (4/5).<br />Hidden Track: 11 minutes of  cool noises and experiments. totally awesome (5/5).<br />Enhanced CD Part:  weird. But the best ECD i've seen without doing just music videos  (4/5).<br />All Together: 5/5.<br />incubus is my favorite band out of all the  &quot;new&quot; bands coming out (even though their first cd-The Fungus  AmongUs-came out in 95). if you haven't heard them yet, try them out. They  are a different type of band with a really unique sound.
B000002B7S|4.0|What can I say?  Other than that there is a notable difference about this album from the rest, although it's not necessarily a bad one.  That difference , of course, is the introduction of Jake E. Lee as Ozzy's lead  guitarist.  In contrast to the first two albums, Ozzy is given much more  room to shine next to Lee than he was next to Randy Rhoads.  It's not that  Lee isn't a capable guitarist, it's just that his playing isn't as fluidic  as Rhoads' was.  Since, in my opinion Lee's guitar style is definitley more  definitive in its chords and its  momentous riffs than Rhoads' complex  playing style, Ozzy is able to be more pronounced in his singing.  These  things aren't bad, and don't detract from the album any, but what does is  the introduction of the keyboard.  Ozzy's music is noted for being tough,  heavy, and spiteful of traditional values, but the keyboard just brings the  music down a little.  It's an interesting introduction, but a completely  unnecessary one.  &quot;Bark at The Moon&quot;, &quot;Rock n' Roll  Rebel&quot;, &quot;Centre of Eternity&quot;, and &quot;Waiting for  Darkness&quot; are the better songs on this album, but &quot;Now You See  It, Now You Don't&quot; and &quot;So Tired&quot; help balance out this  album and provide a truly diverse album with different writing techniques  by Ozzy.  This album represents a pinnacle in Ozzy's career, and is a  necessity to any Ozzy fan's collection.
B000000W3G|5.0|1979 is possibly the greatest song ever.  Plus many other great songs makes this album a necessity to all those who love Rock music.  Smashing Pumpkins is one of the best artists of our decade.
B000003TA4|5.0|I believe that Nirvana is one of the greats. They went in history. They forever changed the perception of music and effect todays music. Their style of grunge/punk is still played today and they are the best band ever.  They are the best band ever and are one of the greats that go down in music  history and changed music like- madonna, michal jackson, run dmc, gun and  roses etc.. ( even though i dont listen to most of them) I strongly  disgrace the person with the &quot;anti grunge comment&quot; and the other  people who gavet his one star saying quote &quot;it sucks&quot; Because  they have no real conception of music. They must like machine-based no  feeling music like Brittani spears preepie music. IF you are anti-grunge  then what do you listen to, and think is good music? hanson perhaps? This  IS one of the greats, and i do indeed feel sorry for you have no senses  left in your brain, nirvna changed the cource of music.guy who said that we  shouldnt comment on this and leave it after the death of cobain, well i see  were you are coming from, but i just have to comment on what that  anti-grunge person said. Anyways I felt i have said enough to get my point  across. and hope kurt kobains spirit rest in peace, cause nirvana is the  ULTIME greatest band ever
0465068359|5.0|After reading &quot;The Emporers General&quot; a novel of fiction intertwined with historical facts I was  more than curious about The Rape of Nanking and U.S. envolvement. Iris Chang shares with us not only the  gruesome details of this tragedy in world history but the insight of  survivors and perpetrators alike. She points out the heroes and the vilains  alike and is carefull to separate absolute facts from hipothesis in areas  where the facts are not supported by hard evidence. As a retired Marine  with two trips to Viet Nam and several years of living in Japan I was able  to relate to this tragedy in some respects as a potential vilain. I thank  God for the training I recieved as a Marine which made it clear that only  &quot;LAWFULL ORDERS&quot; were to be carried out and that criminal acts  carried out under the &quot;cover&quot; of following orders would make me  as liable as the person issuing the orders. Unfortunately history is  sprinkled with cases of murder by the U.S. Military where the facts were  covered over and the criminals no more liable than the Japanese Military at  Nanking. I refer to Sand Creek and Mi Lai to name two. Iris Changs book  &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; should be reqiured reading for every  military person in the civilized world. Abuse of power can happen again.  History must not repeat itself!  R.H.Van Norton,Jr. SgtMaj,USMC (ret)
B0000027RL|5.0|Even Flow, Alive, Jeremy, Black, Garden.  Need I say more.  Plus every other song on this album is good to listen to.  This is one of the greatest cd's of all time.  Pearl Jam is the best.
B000001Y42|5.0|I think this CD has a real good beat to it...lot's of hard rock and metal, too. You should buy this CD. It is worth it. His 2nd CD, Significant Other is better than Three Dollar Bill, though
B000003TA4|5.0|This Cd is awesome. When it came out, it started a whole new world of music.  Every song on it is great.  From the well known titles such as Smells Like Teen Spirit, Come as you Are, to the not so well known songs  like On a Plain, and Drain You.  This is a great Cd, one of the best of the  decade.
6304385668|5.0|I adore this movie...being a student of Irish history - it is remarkably accurate despite Hollywood's attempts to &quot;modernize&quot; history.  You will adore this film.
B00000K19E|4.0|Great science fiction movie.  This video could have gotten 5 stars if the sound quality had been acceptable.  This video was a gift and the sound on the Sony Home Theater setup was poor.
6305603847|5.0|Wow!  I have had this on VHS for years, and always thought it was awesome.  Now here it is on DVD in WIDESCREEN.  Superior picture quality, even better that the original I saw all those  years ago at the theatre!  The  DOLBY DIGITAL makes this movie so intense.  The DVD extras are awesome.   The menus even play some WISH YOU WERE HERE tunes!  There is even mention  of secret buttons that I have yet to find.  Buy this DVD today!
6305627401|5.0|This movie was one of the best I've ever seen. Great humor, and they really point out the weird standards of todays modern societies (mostly the american society). Sure, there's plenty of faul language, but that's just a  part of the message! And the fact that it was a musical was a huge plus!  Great songs!<br />This movie has one great simularity with The Matrix: If you  don't like it, you don't get it!<br />Parker and Stone are geniuses!
079213690X|5.0|Mel Gibson gives an excellent performance, and the ending to this movie will suprise you. Won a Best Picture, and Best Director Oscar. (Mel Gibson also directed this movie) In my opinion, it is one of the greatest movies  ever. A classic.
B000006O7C|5.0|Album sublime d'une qualit exceptionnelle,Jeff avait atteint une maturit musicale qui lui permettait d'tre parmis les plus grands artistes  talent du monde... Ironiquement,une chanson se nomme Nighmare by the sea...
157492589X|2.0|I have the original four-tape, 172 minute version of this five-star miniseries.  It's 132 minutes longer than the version which is currently available from Hallmark.  I love the work that Hallmark has done on it's  other films, but they really did &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; a disservice.   If you locate the version on Cabin Fever Video, grab it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden shows their full spectrum of their immense talent onAffitmation.  Such beautiful, heart wrenching lyrics, coupled with the haunting music.  Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones show they are no one CD  wonder.  Truly wonderful.  Once you hear selections such as &quot;The Best  Thing&quot;, &quot;Crash &amp; Burn&quot;, &quot;Affirmation&quot; and  &quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot; you are helplessly addicted as they go  through your head al day long.  Perfect!  5 stars!
6301976622|3.0|3 1/2 stars. MGM spent a mint making this film and all of it shows on the screen. Super colossal might almost be an understatement for this film. Also it avoids the cornball dialogue, bad casting and the vulgarity of the  typical Demille epic. Robert Taylor was never a great actor but here he  turns in a solid, professional performance. Also good performances from  Deborah Kerr, Peter Ustinov (as a deliciously fruity Nero), Leo Genn, and  Finlay Currie. Made with care and good judgement, Quo Vadis is a very good  entertainment and from time to time spiritually inspiring.
068484267X|5.0|At first I was sceptical about a book that claims outright monopoly on 'miserable childhoods'. There are plenty others in the world who have had to endure miserable circumstances as a child, so the opening passage of the  novel rather turned me off with its self-pitying tone. But after reading  past the first 5 pages I was transported to another world and couldn't help  but be convinced of the harshness of the reality facing little Frank  McCourt and his brothers, both in New York and then, in wet and cold  Limerick. And the 'miserableness' isn't the point of it at all - what  shines as a beacon through the dark cloud of poverty and depression  described in the book is McCourt's matter-of-fact will to survive, and to  find humour and grace in an otherwise adject existence. The book really  made me both laugh and cry at the same time, and stands as a masterpiece in  combining both humour and misery, without destroying the integrity of  either. If the subject matter doesn't convince you to buy the book, then  buy it for its unsurpassed language - McCourt has produced the definitive  story told in an Irish accent. 'Tis a fantastic read indeed...
B000002UKS|4.0|Wow, what a great album. Non-stop rock. It is such a great album. However, there arn't that many &quot;great&quot; songs on it. But it's worth the 12 bux.
6305603847|5.0|Truly amazing! This is a must have for any floyd fan and/or flim buff. The digital transfer is incredible! If you thought the animation was good before, you havent seen anything yet. Put any doubts you may have had aside  and buy this NOW!  Trust me, you will definately not regret it.
630521610X|5.0|Scream is the best movie ever made you cant go past this DVD it is worth every dollar.
6301174240|5.0|...and who could dispute this? Moonwalker is simply magic, the music,effects and the dancing are Michael at his best. Showing the world that he is the true King of Pop- and who could dispute this?
0767809270|5.0|Well-made film about a gay lawyer with AIDS who sues his former firm for an unlawful discharge.  This movie represents a landmark for Tom Hanks.  This fine actor who was previously cast in comedy roles almost exclusively  showed the world his versatility in a serious role in this picture.  This  is also one of the first film roles for Denzel Washington after the  cancellation of the TV show &quot;St. Elsewhere&quot;.
B00002E233|3.0|Deep Blue Sea The story is the good old fashion &quot;experiments went wrong&quot; movies such as &quot;The Fly&quot;. So, you know what to expect anyway. The acting...I did not like it. By the end of the movie, I really  want Saffron Burrows (researcher) to be eaten alive!  I love Samuel L.  Jackson ever since Pulp Fiction and here in Deep Blue Sea, he did well but  not enough to save the story. The DVD features are excellent. You get  excellent commentaries from the actors (Jackson) and director. You get TWO  documentaries on the makings stuff (not one). Plus some deleted scenes and  trailer. (Just for that, I gave the movie 2 stars) The final star was  mainly for the special effects done on the sharks.
0783225792|4.0|Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci team up again as they did in &quot;Raging Bull&quot;, only this time in different character roles.  Both render good performances even though Pesci spews out a bit too much profanity.  We  finally get to see how the mob controlled gambling in Las Vegas the way a  puppeteer controls an marionette.  Sharon Stone is great in her role as a  wantonly-manipulative woman who has strange appeal for DeNiro's character.   Anyone familiar with Las Vegas and casino operations will appreciate this  film even though it's a bit too long and its conclusion is predictable.
0395925037|5.0|To understand this book, you must first know its historical context. To call this book stupid and the author a maniac is quite a benighted judgment. I suggest that you first read The Rise and Fall of The Third  Reich by William Shirer before reading this book. It gives you much of the  historical context, and although some of Hitler's ideas may have been  unreasonable, certainly by reading this book we understand a very important  time period in world history. As Kant once said, &quot;Dare to know!&quot;  Use your own judgment and don't take the opinions of everyone else so  seriously.
6302409365|4.0|A treat for all fans of the popular sixties sitcom.  This new cast (all but John Astin who played Gomez are now deceased) featuring Angelica Huston, Christopher Lloyd, and the late Raul Julia do the film and the  Addams characters great justice.  As the song says: &quot;They're creepy  and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky, they're all together hooky, the  Addams family.&quot;  It's very funny entertainment not just for Halloween,  but all year long!
B00000J7S8|4.0|Diana Krall has a beautiful warm voice.  This is a great CD for those interested in modern vocal jazz with a flavor of the old female jazz masters.
0780622650|3.0|This film is chock-full of expensive graphics and special effects, but the story is difficult to follow and comprehend once the Jupiter 2 spaceship is launched from earth.  It's extremely pretentious, but not the least bit  intellectually stimulating.  Fans of the original TV show won't be able to  relate to all these new faces playing the parts of the Robinsons, Major  West, and Dr. Smith.  This movie presents an all-new, more sophisticated  scenario which makes the television series look cheap and crude and even  has June Lockhart, Mark Goddard, Marta Kristen, and Angela Cartwright  appearing in cameo roles near the beginning; but the story is uneven,  inconsistent, and difficult to understand with only one viewing of this  video.  If you're looking forward to being entertained, you're probably in  for a big disappointment.
B000023VR6|4.0|good return by dre. the guests bring back the west coast funk along with more misogyny than an adult store in the french quarter. the album definitely loses steam in the latter songs, and constantly reminding us  that he's back may turn off others. but who ever listened to dre for  subject depth? it's about beats, and these ones are so inspired that you  know it's the dre.
0783225199|5.0|Original members of the &quot;Not-ready-for-prime-time-players&quot; from TV's &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot; Dan Ackroyd and the late John Belushi bring the Blues Brothers (characters they created on the show) to the big  screen.  This movie, shot entirely on location in and around Chicago, is  very funny and entertaining.  Nonstop comedy combined with fine musical  performances by Aretha Franklin, James Brown, and Cab Calloway provide  about two hours worth of excellent entertainment to all who watch this  video.  This is one video that will be cherished by all fans of the late  John Belushi.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was the most unpredictable, awe-inspiring, edge-of-your-seat movie I saw this year.  This DVD offers a basket full of behind the scenes video and audio commentary.  If you don't have it, get it now.
0767809270|5.0|Well-made film about a gay lawyer with AIDS who sues his former firm for a wrongful discharge.  This movie represents a landmark for Tom Hanks.   This fine actor who was previously cast in comedy roles almost exclusively  showed the world his versatility in a serious role in this picture.  This  is also one of the first film roles for Denzel Washington after the  cancellation of the TV show &quot;St. Elsewhere&quot;.
B000007RYQ|5.0|Sensationally cultivated and sensitive arrangement of several musical roots and sounds, starting from Mahlers music.
080013799X|4.0|Who can make a better comedic spoof of the King Arthur legend than the British themselves?  John Cleese, Eric Idle, and the rest of the Python gang submit brilliant comic performances in this funny, entertaining,  albeit bloody at times, motion picture that fans on both sides of the North  Atlantic have come to appreciate.
0380730405|1.0|I started this book and read about 10 pages. The whole time, the author was going off about the different kinds of plants which grew in this garden, and I didn't even know who the narrator was, and where the garden  was. It was so boring and confusing that I did not read on. It probably  gets much better, but I was not inspired to read more that I did.
0792157869|5.0|Another excellent performance by modern-day swashbuckler Harrison Ford as his Indiana Jones character.  With a little help from an excellent supporting cast which includes Sean Connery, John Rhys-Davies, et al.. Ford  is consistently entertaining throughout the length of the picture.  Here  again, our hero-the combination archaeologist, professor, and adventurer  keeps everyone's adversaries-the Nazi's-from acquiring a powerful treasure,  the Holy Grail.  I would say this film and the first one, &quot;Raiders of  the Lost Ark&quot; are in a dead heat for the best of the Indiana Jones  trilogy.
0385484518|5.0|This is without a question one of the best books I have ever read. The language was simple, so were the ideas, yet they also require a lot of thinking. I read the book for quite a few times now. Each time I read it, I  find something new, something I didn't discover from the last time. The  same words takes on different meanings each time they go through my mind.  I loved this book, the lessons of love, of life, of the soul. The lessons  are not on Tuesdays, and they don't end on Tuesdays. The school of life is  in session as long as we live, for every breath we take, every beat of the  heart.
0553274503|5.0|The author of this book, Daniel Keys, really seems to go into the mind of the character, Charlie Gordon. The book is the sad story of Charlie, age 32, a mentally ritarded adult who agrees to undergo a brain operation to  &quot;make him smart&quot;. However, he learns that being smart can be  worse than being in the dark as he finds out about how everyone in his life  hasn't always been as nice as he thinks. The worst part is when his brain  starts to deteriorate and he realizes that he's going to be back where he  was at the beginning - except not quite as innocent. This book is very  excellent. I definitely reccomend it!
B0000060NF|5.0|Quite possibly the best album I've ever heard.  Also known as the protest album, &quot;What's Going On&quot; is as poignant today as it was 20 years ago.  For anyone that knows and loves the music of Marvin Gaye this is a  must-own album.  It includes longtime favorites such as &quot;Mercy, Mercy  Me&quot;, &quot;Inner City Blues&quot;, and the title track &quot;What's  Going On&quot;.  A deeply affecting album.
B000002HO3|5.0|This CD is as solid as they come. If you have from a distance liked the odd Simply Red song on the radio, and don't own any of their albums, then this is the one to have. Solid songs, great sound and excellent value. Even  though I don't listen to this cd on a daily basis, when I do put it on it's  from start to finish.
B000021Y77|5.0|The film RUN LOLA RUN starring Franka Potente, Moritz Bleibtreu, Herbert Knaup and Armin Rhode and directed by Tom Tykwer is my favorite film that I have ever seen.  Some of it's outstanding features are it's wild  cinematography, flashy editing and high-tech techno-pop album.<br />Lola is a  young hip punk with some serious bright-red hair who smokes and uses her  moped to go around and do tasks for her amateur gangster boyfriend, Manni.   One day as Lola stops at a liquer store to buy some cigarettes, some idiot  steals her transportation and therefor is unable to pick up Manni outside  the border from a drug deal.  After waiting a while, he takes the subway  home but realizing he had forgot the bag on the seat.  So Manni calls Lola  begging her ta help him before his boss will find that he had bothed the  trade.  Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000DM and deliver it to him  before he is penalized.<br />Riveting, heart pounding, flashy concept film!  A  must see!<br />1998/81 minutes/Rated R, for language and some violence.
B0000026WD|5.0|Sure, MJ may be a little strange, but who cares? Whatever he does with his face, clothes, etc. is his damn business.  Anyway, this CD kicks. It is more than 70 minutes long and contains a wide range of music: R&amp;B,  dance, rap, hard rock, and, of course, a couple of sappy ballads like Heal  the World and Gone too soon.   The musical arrangements are masterful. All  the dance tracks have tons of energy and after almost 9 years it still does  not sound dated.  I hope his next album  will be as good as this.
6305127689|4.0|Top Gun has enough action, top stars, and plot to interest just about anyone - especially Tom Cruise fans. It's also a good DVD to show off your Dolby Digital sound system. The roar of the jets during the fighter  sequences will have you worrying about your plaster coming loose and your  subwoofer overheating. I'd give this a full 5 stars, but there are no extra  features on the DVD. But the picture and sound quality still make it worth  having.
0385484518|4.0|I thought this book was one of the best I have read in a long time.  I would recommend that all fathers and sons read this but also that mothers and loved ones read this too.  I have searched for specific self-help books  in the past couple of years and upon reading this book I would have to say  that this is probably the best self-help book there is.  It not only shows  you about life but also how to express your feelings.  I can really relate  to this book because my grandfather is dying in front of me right now and I  have no control.  I feel like Mitch because I want to be able to do  something for him when it is not possible.  I hope everyone reads this book  because it will change your life.
0790731452|4.0|So many people don't seem to get the joke. The movie is purposely cheezy, that is why much of it takes place in Las Vegas. I love watching the Mexican mariachi band play the national anthem ath the end.  This movie is  side-splitting.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Really, the review title sums up 69LS for itself; Merritt has, in his nothing less than prolific style, struck a chord in the way he attacks the problems and profundities offered up by love.<br />This stylistically  transgressive box set really requires a time investment, and is certainly  not for the uninitiated into the cult of the Magnetic Fields.  (I'd  recommend starting with something a'la Get Lost, not my favorite Mag.  Fields album, but certinaly more accessible than either 69LS or The Charm  of the Highway Strip.)<br />By dint of the sheer volume of music in the set,  I'd also recommend not subjecting other to the album if you're not  extremely secure with your relationship to them: I've had complaints that  this is all I've listened to since I got it a month or so ago.  (A valid  complaint, I suppose, but there's just so damn much music to get through,  and it's almost all very good.)<br />Intense, sad, exhilirating, and worth  every minute of time you invest in it (so like love itself); 69 Love Songs  is bound to become a fundamental syntactic unit in musical discussions of  the subject.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey, a name I know so well since her first album after her name. From her first hit Vision Of Love till now, Thank God I Found You, she is still sounds so good, she is maturing and improving as days goes by.  <br />Butterfly is actually her very first breakthrough, from regular R&amp;B  ballards, to street rhythmn adding a speck of latin flavour, groovy feel,  personal feelings, et all...<br />She sounds really good in MY ALL, not her  regular big vocals stint, but she started out singing really low, but  elevate at the chorus portion, and finally ended with a subtle and peaceful  ending...<br />HONEY, the song that became number 1 on the Billboard, the  collaboration with Sean 'Puffy' proves to be a really correct career move.   HONEY is a wonderful piece of hip-hop tune..<br />BUTTERFLY, &quot;spread your  wing and prepare to fly...&quot; what so u think of this opening... its so  evident that she is breaking free from her regular ingenue image, music  direction, and everything... an indication of her change.<br />THE ROOF, in my  opinion this is the best track in this album, the opening is so attractive,  the humming of her voice arouses people to continue to listen, her sassy  voice elude so much uncertainty, but u can hear her way she glide her way  through each and every word of the lyrics....<br />A great buy, a very good  album!
B00000DHRZ|1.0|well, its official.  these boys have sold out, they have reduced their awesome punk trademarks like come out and play to pop anthems like pretty fly.  real good if you like smash mouth or fellow sell-outs sugar ray.  but  if you like nofx or pennywise, this is the worst album you can buy.
B0000057C5|4.0|Am i the only one who thinks all the songs sound the same, they just switched the chords around? oh well, but this CD still is pretty good. Not my fav, since im a punk fan, but i love all of these songs except Klavier, meaning piano, and the title sez it all. It is soft, slow, and pointless.  But the last song, depending on which album you get, Stripped, is all in  English and relaxing in the metal way. Get it if you want, but its not a  waste of money.
6305095442|4.0|Anyone who follows the Evil Dead Trilogy knows that the first and last installments are polar opposites in terms of tone and content, but both were still incredibly entertaining..Evil Dead II  strikes the perfect  balance between the pure horror of part one and the prat falls of part  III...and is my favorite of the trio.  Hilarious and gorge-risingly  graphic, it's a near perfect mix of horror and humor,and is highly  recommended.
6304196784|5.0|John Cleese was not my favorite member of Monty Python, but he certainly has done the best work since. His wit and slapstick made Faulty Towers a must have. With &quot;Fish&quot; he showed Hollywood he could transfer that  brilliance to the big screen. Cleese stays in the background in this one  allowing most of the big laughs to go to Kline and Palin. There is enough  here for everyone with some slapstick , romantic comedy, and politically  incorectness thrown into this &quot;who gets the girl, who gets the  loot&quot; farce.  Oh, by the way, watching Jamie Lee get all warm and  fuzzy a couple times doesn't hurt none either :)
B000002J09|1.0|Rock And Roll is listenable. But Stairway To  Heaven is really disgusting! It is one of the  worst songs ever. Everybody I know got tired of the song. The rest tracks are neither  great nor bad. They are just forgettable  pretentious songs.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I saw the movie when it came out and after a few hundred times, I still watch it now. To me it was such a hit, I even started making my own equipment and believe it or not, I'm not the only one doing it. If you  liked the movie, GET IT!
B00000253N|5.0|OK, sometimes this album sounds a little bit old-fashioned. When friends are visiting me they like to hear other music. But it for me it's an album you can compare to Bruce Springsteen's Tunnel of Love or U2's Achtung Baby.  I bought these albums together in 1992. Didn't want it, but one month later  my girlfriend left me. So it's like the doctor gave me three boxes with  medicine. It helped, but now I'm addicted...still on the road.. headin' for  another joint...
B000002KIE|3.0|I remember all the hype surrounding this album when it came out, and I bought it.  Listening to it 22 years later, there are 3 or 4 good tracks that still hold up --- &quot;Anarchy in the U.K,&quot; Pretty Vacant&quot;  and &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; especially, but overall, there's no way  this c.d. can be considered one of the classics from the 70s, or worst, of  all time as some foolishly mention. Both the N.Y. Dolls and the Ramones  first records were much better, and none of them can compare to Iggy &amp;  the Stooges' &quot;Raw Power.&quot; Remember, the Sex Pistols DID NOT  invent punk rock. They caught the Ramones act in London July 1976, and Iggy  &amp; the Stooges act in London summer 1973.  That's where they stole  everything, repackaged it a la the Monkees, and had their 15 minutes of  fame.
B000002UA9|5.0|Am I the only person that thinks &quot;Please Please Me&quot; is the best Beatles money can buy?  The Beatles started off REALLY great... and then got really self-indulgent with the whole druggy &quot;Turn off your mind  relax and float downstream&quot; thing goin' on. Rock and roll simply  doesn't get any better than &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot;. And  what's Ringo doing singing the lines &quot;I'm talkin' bout boys&quot;?  Ummm... er... aahh... <br />Oh and how 'bout &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;? One  of the best scream performances ever, best witnessed in that fine comedy  Ferris Bueller's Day Off where all the extras are dancing and stuff.  Fun.<br />Anyway, let me just say that, besides the Replacements of course,  the Beatles were the best band of all time (well, of all the bands that  I'VE heard, anyway, and there are few people on this planet that have ever  heard as many albums than Evan Streb here) and they ALL deserved all the  fame and fortune they got, even Ringo!  Maybe...<br />This album never gets  the respect it deserves. Straight up rock and roll. No pretensiousness. No  &quot;We all want to change the world&quot;. No &quot;I need a fix 'cuz I'm  goin' down&quot;. It's FUN, dang nabbit it and Beatles albums would never  be fun again! No siree! Not with that whole Bob Dylan influence that would  hit the Beatles over the head circa &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;. Stupid cynical  old pessimistic grump...
6304140428|5.0|Liz Taylor and Richard Burton team up in Edward Albee's most powerful play, and give the best performances of their careers.  They totally immerse themselves in their characters and the dialogue which is the  vehicle for deep character development.  This is another product of the  '60s blank hitting the societal fan.  Intense emotions are stirred during  the total psycho-war between George and Martha.  The title could very well  have been, Who's Afraid of Living Life in Reality with no Illusion.  I am  George, I am.  Very haunting atmosphere set in New England.  It says much  more than it's consciously aware of.  Leaps beyond anything in our mediocre  decade.
B000002WYT|4.0|Okay I'm not one to drool over the wretchedness that is &quot;Proudest Monkey&quot;, but everything else is just awesome! &quot;So Much to Say&quot; is a great album opener, as well as a magnificent song to play  the drums to, what with all the &quot;doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo's&quot; in  there. There's &quot;Two Step&quot;, which boasts one of the greatest song  intros I've ever heard, and it seems to be about something along the lines  of Noah and the Ark. Cool.<br />Oh and plus, they got on the radio!  The  beautiful erotic love song &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; remains my favorite  Dave Matthews Band (or simply &quot;DMB&quot; as fans like to call them)  song ever. And if anybody complains about the lyrics, I think they're quite  beautiful. It's about a stalker and how much he loves this girl. Or  something like that...<br />Say! Did I ever tell you about DMB's drummer  Carter Beauford? No? He rocks! He's great. He always seems to put SOMETHING  into each song to make it more interesting than, say, your normal  boom-chick coomchick type drummer. That's the cool thing about the Dave  Matthews Band. That they are so adept at their instruments and their style  that they can't be imitated seriously.<br />&quot;Crash&quot;, ever though it  has one or two really awful songs, is still a great album, and more than  makes up for the awfulness that is &quot;Before These Crowded  Streets&quot;. Well at least I think so anyway... What do YOU think about  &quot;Crash&quot;?
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner shouldn't be considered as just a Science Fiction thriller. It arises very deep questions that apply to the human condition, as the struggle with our own mortality, the search for our Creator, and of the  meaning to things such as soul, memory, and morality. The visual part of  the movie is incredibly well accomplished for a film this old, and still  today most of the science fiction films pale to the aesthetical approach of  Ridley Scott in this movie. The plot and details don't fall into  exaggeration or caricature, something way too common this days, and if I  can think of a movie that portrays a credible vision of the near future  (Los Angeles, 2019), this is it. The casting is great, my favourite always  being Rachel (Sean Young). Why this actress didn't reach higher in her  career is still a mistery. Go for it if you like good science fiction  thrillers, and if you like to give a thought to the deeper questions that  any human being sooner or later has to confront.
6305078564|5.0|This film encapsules the full beauty and depth of Austen's novel with brilliant and flawless acting and cinematography.  Movies don't get better than this.
6304117752|5.0|My love for The Sound of Music began as a little girl, singing the songs at the top of my lungs.  It has always been my favorite movie.  I stopped in to Amazon today to see if it was available yet on DVD.  I'm actually  encouraged by the fact that it is currently unavailable.  Perhaps, as  another review mentioned, they're waiting for the 35th anniversary and will  re-release in new packaging and DVD too!  (hope hope hope)
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Just when I though Savage Garden couldn't get any better, out came Affirmation.  The songs on this album are amazing, and come straight from the heart.  If you loved their first CD, this one will blow you away and  earn a permanent spot in your CD player, I promise.  It was the BEST CD  I've bought in a long time.
0670813028|5.0|Do yourself a favor: don't read this book. Well, okay. DO read it, but plan on staying inside with the doors locked and the curtains drawn for several weeks afterward--after dark, anyway. This book is so scary that  only King himself could even describe just how scary it is.    Okay, so  much for the negatives. Seriously, It is the finest novel I've ever read.  Not the best horror novel, or the best sci-fi, but the best NOVEL. The  characterizations are deep and very believeable, and if the premise isn't,  very, somehow that doesn't matter. If the movie &quot;Ghost&quot; made you  believe in ghosts, this novel will have you believing that an immortal  monster really CAN take up residence in the sewers beneath a small town in  Maine, living on the fears of the children who dwell above.    But the  novel is much, much more. It is a story OF some of those children, and  their victory over It is OUR triumph over everything that frightens or  intimidates us.    The only other drawback I can think of is the fact that  this book is so good, the rest of King's stuff (most of which is quite  good--the reviews of &quot;Tom Gordon&quot; notwithstanding) pales by  comparison. So if you like King, but haven't yet read It, do yourself a  favor and don't read it... yet. Read all the others first, and save It for  dessert.
6302798450|4.0|The continuing saga of Ash, a young man that has battled &quot;The Evil Dead&quot; for the past 24 hours.  Ash has watched friends die and turn into evil demons, he's had the hell beat out of him, and he's had to kill  each demon, of course, by mutilation.  Now, he's been pulled into a time  warp, just when he thought things would return to normal.  \<br />Army of  Darkness is fun, scary, has some great one-liners and is full of surprises.   It would make The Three Stooges proud.  <br />Very little adult language and  only brief nudity, most would find it a fun movie, especially if you are a  horror fan.<br />Check it out.<br />GE
6305451591|5.0|My eyes are moist, my heart is full.   I have just seen LA VITA E BELLA  on video and it is the most beautiful  movie of \\"LIFE\\"  I have ever seen.   You will laugh so hard that you will not be able to read the  subtitles through your  tears of laughter and you will weep for joy even in  the saddest moments.  You will want to view life, for the rest of your  life,  through the eyes of Roberto Benigni!
B000000WCA|3.0|So the songs are okay, but these girls should learn to play instruments before they call themselves a band. The songs are,(for the most part) cheery and gleeful. The songs you haven't heard,though, you may mistake for  deja vu. I don't have this album (heard it one too many times  elsewhere),but I wouldn't say that you shouldn't buy it. I guess it depends  on taste.=)
B00000K19E|5.0|Well, It's, like, like it was 1970 again, man, and it was brilliant, just pure noise, man, the sort that 99.99999% of musicians, like, can't or won't do because they're just too scared, like, to do any thing worthwhile in  they're worthless lives, like, and that's it, man. Yo.
6302732778|5.0|I have seen the european version of this classic and i must say that personally i liked that version much better than the directors cut(DC). The voice-overs definitely add to the film. The only thing that i consider  better in the DC is the ending. I have always wondered about the reasons of  modifying the european version and deleting scenes. Leaving the question of  whether Deckard is  a replicant is sublime. I will certainly buy this movie  if i get the chance but surely it will not be the DC.
B000002JA8|4.0|A truly great record, I agree w/some others that Electricity isn't the best, but it is one of those  &quot; in the right mood for it&quot; songs.  The rest is simply great to listen to, Se A Vida E and Red Letter Day have  always been great when things have just been going not so well and what I  needed was a great pick-me-up.  Up Against It is a song I can  parallel to  many a personal (and a few professional) battles....and Saturday Night  Forever bad?  Not a chance!  Great to get up and dance.  IF you've never  listened to the boys before and you'd like to start, even though this isn't  the usual boys, this is good to start with.  And if you are a boys fan and  this is the one missing from your collection, get it NOW! :)
B0000027RL|5.0|OK, First off, I bought this Cd about 5 years ago when i didn't know what Pearl Jam and Nirvania were, just had a cd cupon and my freind had said somthing about Pearl Jam a week before. I was not until 3 years ago I  realized the tressure I had. This entire CD is the most breathtakeing  collection of music ever created. If i had one CD, this would be it. I  listen to it almost every day and am not even close to being tired of it.  Just buy it, you'll understand. I am listing to it right now in fact.
6305603847|4.0|To put it quite briefly, this is a deluxe release of one of the definitive rock 'n roll picture shows, all trimmings included. The bonus features, including commentary and interview footage courtesy of Roger Waters, are  welcome additions. I have no complaints; just one question: How does one  access the &quot;secret buttons&quot; described in the features listed on  package? Anyone with any info, please email me at boneyard@smurfs.com.  Thanks. Overall: one of the few films that merits a deluxe dvd release.  Worth the cash, not just for Pink Floyd fans, but for film and music  devotees alike.
B000021Y7X|5.0|A great performance by a great band made even better through the DVD format.  This is the way a DVD SHOULD be.  Phenomenal sound quality (choose from 2 different 5.1 mixes or a 2-channel stereo mix, plus a fourth track  of fascinating commentary).  Even the menus are extraordinary!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Any fan of Metalica or rock in general needs to but this CD!  For those who thought that the classical sound of the orchestra would clash with the heavy metal of Metalica, think again.  The two distinct forms of music mix  togther in a sound all it's own.  Simply amazing.
B0000025YM|5.0|I think time will confirm what millions of metal listeners have already acknowledged; that Judas Priest is the greatest heavy metal band in the history of the music and that defenders of the faith is the best metal  recording ever.  I can't help but laugh when i read those so called  &quot;metal fans&quot; saying that this album is just average or even  blues.  Only a deaf idiot from Rusia could make such an uneducated comment.   Then again, what can you expect from a third world joke dump like russia!
B000002I27|5.0|PEOPLE DON'T LISTEN TO MUSIC CAUSE IT SOUNDS GOOD. THEY LISTEN TO IT CAUSE THEY FIND THERE OWN LIVES AND EXICTENCE INSIDE OF IT. THAT IS WHY THE DOORS ARE THE GREATEST BAND EVER. PEOPLE CLAIM TO HATE THE DOORS, BUT THATS  BECAUSE THEY FEAR LETTING GO AND SEEING THERE DARK SIDE. YOU HAVE TO GO  BEYOND THE GREAT SOUND THEY PRODUCED AND LISTEN WITH YOUR SOUL NOT YOUR  EARS AND MIND.
B000003TAR|5.0|This Nirvana album Is sometimes referred to not quite as lightly as Nevermind, but In Utero is a very well made album. It showcases Nirvana's softer music side but keeps the rock feel very close to the surface. A  great album to have for anyone who likes music
0887307280|5.0|The book gives some great ideas for how to think about architecting a business that will handle the bumps in the road that come up.  Great thoughts on architecting the business so it is &quot;Built To Last&quot;  and the idea of franchising to stay focused on the business - not the work.  I found it rewarding!
B000006NPY|5.0|This is an album that the pumpkins come out from behind thier hard rock shadow and give a performance of some of the most beautiful, touching and inspiring music yet recorded. ADORE is a smashing pumpkins album, if you  miss the rock feel, then you are not a pumpkins fan, you are a grunge fan,  and this album is not for all the grunge heads out there. If you buy this  album,listen to it without a closed mind and with very very open ears.
B00000JWVO|4.0|As a huge fan of cats before the video release, I was a little hesitant...and even more so when I only saw a clip of the video...but I found I was pleasantly surprised.  While not perfect, the video is enough  to satiate my desire to see it..especially when I am several hours from  Broadway and can't afford to go see it every day! <br />While the editing is,  at times, poor and choppy, you can still enjoy the dances and see the  expressions on the actors faces much better.  Who would have thought humans  could act so much like cats!   It was a disappointment to see Growltigers'  Last Stand not in there...I would have thoroughly enjoyed seeing this  &quot;memory&quot; of Gus's played out with a younger actor...but even  without it the production is full.<br />John Partridge as Tugger...well,  enough said.  He steals the show everytime he's onstage!  He keeps me  rolling on the floor with his sometimes over the top performance, making  Tugger lovable, despite his curious ways.  Jacob Brent as  Mistoffelees...another actor who's performance is a showstopper.  I do wish  they had not cut out the dance scene and made him &quot;disappear&quot;  like they did...for the amazing dance routine is half of what makes Misto  so magical!   His endearing portrayal shows you with every moment how  lovable, kind, and playful Misto can be.  <br />To keep it short the only  other actor I will comment on is Rebecca Parker as Cassandra.  Her subtle  way of drawing her attention to this cat keeps me transfixed..I sometimes  forget to watch the other cats!   She is a fine dancer who takes part in  all the dances, and with gusto!   And has anyone but me noticed that Tugger  always escorts her down off her perch (Skimbleshanks and Journey to the  Heaviside Layer)! <br />All in all, the video is something that I enjoy  watching...and it tides me over between live shows.  If you are able to  overlook bad editing..get it.  You will enjoy it! and if you've never seen  it before...it will draw you into the world of cats..and you will never  want to return!
B000002N2P|2.0|In the long tradition of great Green Day albums this one was a complete let down. there are a few good songs but most of the album is very scattered in its direction. This is so hard for a die hard Green day fan to  say but DONT BUY THIS ALBUM, but please check out the other great Green Day  albums like &quot; DOOKIE &quot; or &quot; NIMROD&quot;
B00000JGEI|4.0|There is action galore in this film. This sequel takes place ten years after the first. John Connor, the future saviour of the human race, lives with his foster parents, while his mother Sarah (Linda Hamilton) is  imprisoned in a mental institution, where the doctors are convinced her  warnings about the future are the ravings of a lunatic.<br />Since the  machines in the future failed to kill the mother of John Connor, a new  liquid metal prototype (the T-1000), has been sent to kill John as a child.  The resistance fighters have sent back a reprogrammed T-800 (Arnie) to  protect John. <br />The action is almost non-stop but there are some flaws  that I noticed. When the T-800 is looking after John we see a bit of the  T-800's non-human, emotionless personality, the way he uses words like  &quot;negative&quot; and &quot;affirmative&quot;. Since the original  purpose of the Terminators was to infiltrate the human resistance groups,  was Kyle Reese (John's father) right to say that they're &quot;very hard to  spot&quot;? Arnie is well-built and muscular, but wouldn't most people born  after a nuclear war be skinny and under-nourished? Sorry if this sounds  like knit-picking, I just thought it was worth mentioning.<br />The reason I  think this film needs another sequel is because of the ending. Sarah, John  and the T-800 try to destroy Skynet, and thus prevent the war from ever  happening. It is obvious they didn't succeed. If they had the time machine  would never have been built, Kyle would never have been born, and John  Connor would never have been conceived. Plus all those extras would never  have met violent deaths at the hands of the first Terminator. In which  case, the future must be set!<br />I give this film four stars because of the  great action and special effects. The plot also includes the neat irony of  mankind's dependence on computers, the things that end up trying to destroy  us.
B000000W6F|4.0|The only debut worthy of the Smashing Pumpkins. This is a great album with great diversity. It has rock songs, it has soft songs, Its guitar workdoes not showcase all of thier talent but never does that detract from the  album. I recommend this album to anyone who loves good music.
B000002UAF|5.0|Why is it that the Beatles first four albums have not been properly remixed and remastered for CD? Some of the most valuable pop music ever recorded deserves better. A wonderful remastering job of the Hollies has   been done and their work was also recorded at Abbey Road in the early  sixties.  &quot;Help!&quot; and &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; were digitally  remixed and in stereo and sound great. Half-speed master LP versions of the  early albums  are far superior to these dreadful versions. It's strange  that these were released in mono when much better stereo mixes exist. After  more than twelve years after release, &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot;  ,&quot;Please Please Me&quot;, &quot;With the Beatles&quot;, and   &quot;Beatles for Sale &quot;   deserve to be upgraded by  EMI.
B000002KHY|5.0|Words cant be said about how moving James Taylor is, this c.d is only a few songs from the great mind and soul of one of the world's best folk singers. Buy this c.d if only to block out the horrible likes of &quot;  limp biscuit &quot; or whatever and remember a time when music had point,  spirit and beauty.
B000002UAU|5.0|At the time of preparing  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;for release in the spring of 1967, most of the attention to detail was the mono mix, the stereo mix was done hastily. For those who are lucky to still own the mono LP, most  would agree that is still the best version.There are significant  differences between the stereo and mono versions, including some  interesting sound effects left off the stereo version.  &quot;Lucy in the  Sky with Diamonds &quot;,for example,is far superior in the mono mix. EMI  would be wise to release the greatest pop album that could ever be in its  true form on CD.
B00000JCB2|1.0|hello, the name is Bob. I like Music. my thoughts on the album... lets just say I hope this band gets left in the last milenium. arent we all just bored of anti-society, anti-everythng lyrics with more electronic music  than some rap. All the members of Limp Bizkit fans should be asked who Pink  Floyd is, I know that i would be amused at the answers. if you like all the  hype and the rank image this album(and the other one) represents then knock  yourself out, I LIKE MUSIC, I hope you do too.
B00003BE32|5.0|i could not stop watching or listening from start to finish.,absolutly incredible!
B000009ED0|1.0|Lets not even go to the mockery of the background music of this garbage. lets set the scene : 1999, new bands of many different styles are popping up,KID ROCK emerges from god knows where, with giberish hit song titles and  lyrics that glorify drugs violence and making women sexual slaves. and it  is for these values that we make this mislead man famous, and we put this  garbage on t.v for our children to hear and immitate. only in america, only  in the 90's could something like this ever make it out of the garge where  it belongs.
6300216802|4.0|ST:TMP was overall a good film, I thought. It had excellent effects, good acting, a mysterious musical score, and some intersting ideas. Not bad at all. It's plot was &quot;Pure&quot;, hard sci-fi that just happened to take  place in the Star Trek universe, which I think alienates viewers today a  bit, since all the later Treks invented their own sci-fi.<br />Heres a good  Idea for Star Trek 10. The return of V'ger. V'ger moved on to higher  dimensions at the end of the film, but I'm sure that he/she/it still  remembers it's &quot;Creator&quot;. Why not have it return to Earth and  have some really cool things ensue, like the exploration of other  dimensions with V'ger's guidence. Get a little bit of  &quot;exploration&quot; back into Trek, since exploration is what is all  about anyway, which Brannon Bragga has apparantly forgotten about. Think  about it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I'll be honest with you, I never used to listen to music like this.  I work at the electronics sections of my job, and when I heard &quot;All the small Things&quot; and &quot;Whats My Age Again&quot; I had to buy the CD  as soon as I could.  But if you buy it, your not just buying those two  songs, because every song on the album could be a hit. Some of the other  song I enjoy are &quot;Dumpweed &quot;and &quot;Aliens Exist&quot;.  These  guys are great, no joking.  The lyrics are slamming, the music gets you  going, and they opened me up to a whole other type of music. Thanks  Blink182!
0684800713|5.0|I've read the book at least fifteen or so times in English, and at least five - in Russian, my native language. Of course, some of the incredible moments are lost in translation. Every time I read the book, I find more  and more moments that interconnect the story, the bull-fight symbolism  still intrigues and interests me. I'm 20, and I really believe the book has  to be read more than once to be understood, digested, appreciated. My early  impressions of Hemingway were not as high, but this book conquers me every  time I open it. Read it; if you don't find it interesting, I don't know  what would interest you at all.
B00000JPH5|3.0|I've viewed this movie twice, once as a child and once a few months ago and I don't understand what is so great about the film or David Bowie.  I would not reccomend this movie for children as the premise is rather  frightening, at least I thought so when I was a kid.  Preteens might enjoy  it, but they will probably not enjoy David Bowie because he is ugly and his  music isn't very good.
630542828X|1.0|this takes years off of your lif
B0000029LG|4.0|I think that this collection has potential.  Michael just wanted to tell people to leave him alone and forget about the past history of his life.  Although, I could have done without a few of the old songs, the new ones  however, did have a little leave me alone in them.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Are you guys crazy? Are Mohicans and Braveheart based on the same book? Were is the comparison? Last of the Mohicans is an incredible film. The soundtrack is haunting. Daniel Day Lewis is a great actor!
6304119046|5.0|I loved every minute of this movie. It's a sprawling, heartbreaking story of a man who has everything, but really has nothing. I think it's a story each one of us can watch and learn something from; mainly, what's really  important in life, where are priorities really should be. Orson Welles is  heartbreaking and brilliant as Charles Foster Kane, and the supporting cast  is equally as strong. The filmmaking and use of shadows is clever, and the  dialogue fairly quick-paced and witty. All in all, a great story with lots  to offer. P.S. I'm in my 20s, so I don't think you need to be a certain age  to &quot;get it.&quot; I guess you just have to be receptive to it, who  knows?
0684867184|3.0|Ambrose is the best popular historian around. He makes history fun, readable and accessible to a wide audience. He is also a highly respected academic. I looked forward to Comrades,and it was a nice quick read. But  there's not much to it; lots of male bonding, but rarely gets past the  surface. His assessment of Dick Nixon was a little too simplistic, I think.  I would, however, like to see Ambrose write in a more autobiographical  vein. He usually tackles larger than life figures,dealing with the people  he'd like to be. I'd like to learn more about this guy, but I think this  book only touches the surface. Keep writing, Steve!
B000003TAR|5.0|It was quite obvious that Nirvana's lyrical and musical talent was increasing greatly.  It is ironic.  Kurt was getting out of everything he hated at the time of his death.  He was becoming the person he wanted to  be.  Was In Utero obviously their last CD with haunting words &quot;I just  want you to know that I don't hate you anymore...&quot;  Or was it a  helpful insite to the future of Nirvana?
6305627347|5.0|South Park is one of the greatest movies ever made.  Take all the humor in every episode of the show and multiply by 1000, and you might be able to compare it to the movie.  The show was starting to lose me, but the movie  pulled me right back.  And don't listen to anyone who says that there is  too much foul language.  The excess in language is the point of the movie.   When the MPAA reviewed the movie, they had no problem with any of the  extreme violence or gore, but instead felt that a few dirty words needed to  be removed.  This rediculous position of the United States is the satire,  and reason for this movie.  So if you complain about the language you are  just too stupid too see past it and understand its purpose.  See South  Park.  And then, watch it 100 more times.  And after you watch South Park,  go and rent Orgazmo, another hilarious Trey Parker movie about a Mormon  Porn Star.  Another 5 star classic.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is one of the classic sabbath albums. Every song is awesome.(Black Sabbath),(Wicked World),(NIB),(The Wizard) the're all awesome.These guys really are the prototipical heavy metal band.
0385484518|4.0|Yes Morrie's insight of life as described by Mitch Albom is a bit trite, but so what; it's nice to be reminded. Albom's ability to write on different &quot;lessons&quot; kind of reminds me of &quot;The Prophet&quot;  in its structure, but comes across less mystical. For anyone wishing to  feel better about themselves, their life and their loved ones, this book  will provide it. For anyone wishing to relearn lessons on how to live life,  this book is also for you.
078611262X|5.0|I wish someone had given me this book when I was 12-13 years old.  I have always enjoyed math and science, but this book would have really made me more excited to learn as much as possible instead of &quot;just enough to  not look too dorky&quot;.  Anyway at 24 years old I read the book and loved  it.  I have given away several copies since then.
B000001FJV|5.0|I bought this on vinyl when it came out in '86 and wore the groove right off it. Good thing CDs last forever. &quot;Funky Drummer&quot; must be the single most sampled song on the planet. Everybody in the world has used it,  even Sinead O'Connor! The version of &quot;Give it up or turn it  loose&quot; that appears on this is so good, it will make you want to slap  your momma down! (In Southern parlance, that's damn good) If you listen to  this CD, the &quot;Star Time&quot; box set and one or two of the &quot;Live  at The Apollo&quot; CDs, you'll know that God exists, because James Brown  was no accident.
6304639457|5.0|This video is so good even if your not a big fan of Fleetwood Mac. It is a terrific sounding recording when played back in stereo. True the voices of a few have faultered alittle with age but that is to be expected and  doesn't take away from the great performance. All the hits are here. The  great songs from the acclaimed Rumors album sound real good and the finish  with the one and only USC marching band is worth the price of the video  alone. Definatly a good choice for a music video collection.
0767835107|5.0|Good movie, with many twists and turns! I wouldn't watch it with any little kids or parents, it would deifnately make them blush! But other than that, good movie: Sebastian is hot, Katherine is caniving, Annette is sweet  and the other one is an idiot! But what a good movie of how everyone gets  thiers in the end.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt has created a wonderful, warm and witty memoir out of a life that could have justifiably and easily been turned into a miasma of self-pity, depression and angst. His humor and sensitive insights coupled  with stunning use of dialect lift this book way above the level most  memoirs. McCourt's also got a keen sense of perspective about him, not  letting hindsight and the obscuring lens of maturity bog down the childhood  years.
6305358613|5.0|This is one of the best period films I have ever seen!  Great character development, wonderful scene location, and some of the most amazing costume design. Haunting story line that will stay with you forever. A must see!
0201485672|3.0|As a C++ programmer I found many of the examples strongly geared to the specifics of the Java language (with which I have little familiarity). I was hoping for a more substantive generic OOP book. Many of the examples  are OOP common sense and the book comes off as more of a beginners book for  Java programming than one aimed at the audience of &quot;Design  Patterns&quot; (an excellent book).
B00000JCB2|4.0|Some of you old geysers out there need to get a life. This is the kind of music that alot of people listen to these days and I would just like to say that it is a whole lot better than 'NSNYC and the Backstreet Boys.  The only good thing about any music besides heavy metal and shock rap is  Britney Spears and Chrostina Auguleura.
6303972810|5.0|I first saw this movie in the theatres when I was very young and it has remained a favourite ever since. The special effects are still pretty good as well. The characters, the humour and the music all combine to make a  masterpiece. Why isn't this available!  I'd buy it again in a heartbeat!
0783228317|5.0|Messed up movie! P.S. Dont watch on 5 grams of shroom
B000009ED0|5.0|My first Kid Rock CD and I'm hooked.  Can't seem to turn it off.  Each time through it gets better.  Sounds much better in the car, he's a little angry at the ladies but don't take him too seriously he's only trying to  make a buck.  I'm sure if he keeps up like this he will make quite a few.
B00003BE32|5.0|This is probably one of the best videos of the year.  It's Metallica at its finest.  All of their songs that they sing sound a lot more powerful with the symphony.  The behind the footage tape has lots of cool footage of  the concert.  Michael Kamen is simply a genious.  This only proves one  thing: Metallica will continue to rock.
6304025831|5.0|Jeez where can I start with this movie.  This is Definitely the BEST mob movie that I have ever seen in my whole history of watching movies.  Right when I saw this movie when I rented it I immediately went out to buy it  because I knew that this movie was going to be a HOT seller.  Deniro is  amazing in this film.  His definite best.  It shows you what a Casino is  really like when you are running it from a Mob and the scary thing about it  was it was BASED on a true story which kind of put me into shock because I  couldn't even imagine someone staying up with everything that Rostein  (Deniro) did.  For example this is what he went through: Very Wealthy, Had  a wife that was a drug attic and only married him because of his money, the  leader of a street mob, owned his own Casino, and he had to take care of  everyone and everything that was in that casino IMAGINE THAT.
6304341849|5.0|I have never been so moved by a film about love.  Maurice may have been set before the war but the story and truthfulness of it is happening today.  Once in one's lifetime you see a film act out your life...Maurice acted  out mine.  Choices in life oftentimes require sacrifice and oftentimes  painful decisions.  This in one movie worth seeing, not for its gayness,  but for its reality.  And made me mighty proud that like Maurice, I chose  what will make me happy, and I am!
6302054982|5.0|I have noticed that Robert DeNiro was in mostly every Mob movie ever made and I think that is great because he is such a good actor.  Goodfella's has to be one of his better ones because they show you how a mob meets people  and then kills people and then teaches people.  A must see movie for those  of you who are DeNiro Fan.
0151001634|4.0|&quot; Flowers for Algernon&quot; , written by Daniel Keys is a fascinating book you can't miss! It reflects a story of a retarded grown up man who is chosen for an operation that can change his life and all the  other retarded people. I think the author of this book transmits sensations  that get into your heart. While reading this book I could imagine every  situation and that, was probably, what made me love the book. I think this  is a book out of the ordinary and the way it is decribed makes you feel  like the main chararacter, Charlie Gordon. I hardly recommend this book to  all of you! After reading it you will keep thinking of everything that  happened.
B000002LRX|5.0|What can I say about the album that defined my high school experience and redefined my concepts of what music could be?  Angel Dust is without a doubt a piece of pure musical genius, easily on par with Frank Zappa.  Land of Sunshine's fun poke at mindless info commercial consumerism, Caffiene's  descent into the madness of cocaine, RV's look at the pathetic, loserville  of the trailer home, Be Aggressives railing against our societies Winner  take all attitude, Jizzlobber's disturbing look at rape/spousal abuse, the  list goes on.  And that's just the lyrics.  The music tears apart the  imaginary boundaries of &quot;genres&quot; and shows an intelligence rarely  seen in mainstream music.  Jon Davis of Korn really owes a lot to Patton,  with his blatant rippoff of his style (but without the depth or range).   Any FNM fans wish to write me and discuss this further, email me.
0887306128|5.0|This book is not just a good read but should be treated as a manual by anyone who wants to get things done in the knowledge based economy. Some of Drucker's advice seems obvious, e.g. that effective executive should play  on the strengths of his coworkers. But how often do managers follow this  principle in real life? There is plenty of such simple yet profound advice  in this book by the world's No. 1 management thinker.
0312084986|5.0|This was a revolutionary book. This is the book that Herriot uses to first introduce us to his friends, both human and animal alike. You will find yourself laughing through tears as we follow this Scottish vet to an  English land filled with inspiring stories of people, farmers, and of  course, animals. The quirky characters lend us a picturesque look into the  life of a country vet. There is just no other author who can touch me the  way Herriot does. This book is not just a woman's book (as my review seems  to point to), but men will find the farmers and Herriot (though sometimes  drunken) screamingly funny. Herriot's memoirs are indeed a classic in it's  own right. The only item that seems to frighten readers away is how truly  English the book is written. The strong Yorkshire dialect can make the new  Herriot reader a little frustrated at first. Yet stick with it. It will  certainly come to you sooner than you think. It's worth the trouble...  Believe me!
0345363132|3.0|This massive piece of historical fiction is admirable for its length and the amount of research that went into the writing of it.  Having been a Ricardian enthusiast for 20 years, I have read a number of fictional (and  non-fictional) books about Richard III, and I can honestly say that most  rate poor or average.  Penman's work is superior to most fictional  treatments of Richard III in the breadth of it's scope and it's general  prose.  I did find her attempts at 'archaic' English (scrambling word order  in her sentences, the use of the word 'be') rather annoying and  distracting, but overall a far better work than most.  However, nothing in  the Ricardian pantheon of fictional writing comes close to Rosemary Hawley  Jarman's 'We Speak no Treason.' And may I put in an apology here to all who  may say that this is supposed to be a review of Penman's book - I simply  must direct readers attention to Ms. Hawley Jarman's exquisite works. 'We  Speak no Treason' is quite simply one of the most moving and beautifully  written pieces of fiction in ANY genre. WSNT tells Richard's story from the  point of view of Edward IV's fool, Richard's mistress - the mother of his  daughter, and his friend and companion in arms.  The stance is  pro-Ricardian, the details are perfect, and Hawley Jarman never puts a foot  wrong - no anachronisms, not a word to jar you out of your 15th century  reverie. Sadly, this book is out of print, but can sometimes be found via  internet auction sites, or in your local used bookstore.  Other books by  Hawley Jarman that are equally beautiful - the King's Grey Mare (the life  of Elizabeth Woodville, Edward IV's queen, which peripherally includes  Richard's story too); The Crown in Candlelight (Katherine Valois, Henry  VI's queen) and Courts of Illusion (which takes off where WSNT ends, with  characters familiar from that book, into the reign of Henry VII).  Please  do look for these books and if you find them, post a review on Amazon.com  (Hawley Jarman's books are listed as out of print).  I plan to write a  longer review of each, and hope others will do the same, so that other  readers might also be thrilled by these books.  If you love reading about  15th England, Richard III or just lingering over evocative, resonant prose,  you must read them, as well as Penman's 'The Sunne in Splendor.'
B000020617|4.0|This CD is definately a departure from the previous 2. It is agood CD and still is obviously Foo, but it is more popish than theprevious 2. The 1st five songs are undeniably the best on the album.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This album is good.But not all the songs are good. Nookie is the best song on it.then there is n 2 gether now and then re-arranged.Over all it is pretty good.
0385484518|5.0|If I could give this book 6 stars out of 5, I would.  It makes me cry happy tears, and is opening my heart.  Morrie Schwartz is the kind of person we all want to meet.  In fact, he's the kind of person I'd like to  be, if I could at this late date...  He's a piece of work with a mind of  his own (as we all ought to have) and I just love what happens to Mitch  throughout the course of the book.  Just think, Mitch, if you'd missed  Nightline that one night, we'd all be the poorer for having missed out on  this man who Lived (capital L) Life to the hilt.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|It is an okay album not that great but i recommend it anyway.track 2 is really good.the others are all average
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica took a risk with this CD, but it paid off.  The mix of the symphony and Metallica is amazing.  Just about any Metallica fan will LOVE these discs.  I hope they do it again!  NOTE:  I purchased the explicit  lyrics version, but it contained no foul language at all.  It did have the  warning label on it, so I don't know how the clean version could be  different.
B000003TAR|5.0|I think the only part that really cought my ear was the little guitar riff in the middle of &quot;Frances farmer will have her revenge on Seattle&quot; and when a mutal friend of mine showed me this song i knew i  had to buy it. I owned Nevermind but i thought a followup will never be  better but i think this album is the same or even better the Nevermind.
B00000K2SC|5.0|No one can be told how good the Matrix is, they have to see if for themselves.  If you are debating if you should buy this movie, just check this out...the Matrix is the top seller at Amazon in the Science Fiction  category, the Action/Adventure category and it is the #1 top seller out of  100 movies on video and DVD here at Amazon. Also, the Matrix DVD beat  Titanic in sales when it first came out.  If you want to see an excellent  movie, see the Matrix.  Also, if you are debating if you should get it on  VHS or DVD, DVD is the better choice, it has many extra features.  Both  ways are great!   The Matrix is the best movie I have ever seen and it  will be made into 2 sequels, so it get with the times and own this  masterpice today!   Happy Holidays!
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the most well put together album of the 90's. Cobain was the most talented artist to come along since John Lennon, i remember feeling good about undergroung punk to finally come out, that was unsucessful by bands like the Sex Pistols and The Clash. Theres an interview somewhere of Kurt  Cobain and he said &quot;There was just a feeling in the air, like  something new but no one could pinpoint it&quot;. And everytime i here that  interview it brings me back there in that point in time, and that time will  never be equaled again in history.
B00002MZ12|4.0|With all due respect to Sting (of whom I am a great fan) and The Police, Alanis Morisette's version of &quot;king of pain&quot; in much better and more moving.
B000002UVX|5.0|In my opinion this is one of Hendrix's best live performances.  With Billy Cox on bass and Buddy Miles providing the driving beat behind the music, the Band of Gypsies definetly grooves on this CD.  A must have if you are a  Hendrix fan.
630463949X|5.0|Overall, the group's performance is very satisfying.  Music is excellent that I went out to buy the CD.  I went home, opened and played the CD then I realized &quot;Songbird&quot;, one of my favorites and the reason I went  out to buy CD in the first place, was not included in the list.  Needless  to say, I was so disappointed.
0345404475|5.0|Having read DADOES? five or six times over the last twenty years, I'm fairly sure that what he's doing here is ruminating on a potential definition of humanity, and on why it is so painful to be human. For PKD, the defining characteristic of a human being is the ability to empathise. If you can't do that, then you're not human; QED. <br />It's not a bad definition, actually; so there's a gadget that tests your ability to empathise - fail the test and you must be an android. Of course, he can't resist his favoured target of consumerism either. A theme that comes up again and again in his writing is the way technology gets used for dangerous, reckless or trivial uses, frequently simply to allow people to lead more slobbish lives. True to form, his characters here live in a world where, as well as gadgets to detect androids, you can buy gadgets to fake feelings, gadgets to enable you to subscribe to the empathy-based religion of Mercerism, and fake animals to impress the neighbours (because real ones, being rare, are therefore automatically valuable). <br />The ultimate consumer products, however, are the &quot;andies&quot;, whose predicament is oddly familiar. Banished from the place they originated from, any return is denied them by laser-wielding sentries. Their maker seeks to destroy them on sight for what they are and may do, based on what their predecessors have done. They are complete duplicates of ourselves, except they are stuck with a much more vindictive Creator. <br />In fact, androids only have it on someone else's say-so that they actually are androids, as witnesses the existence of a complete parallel police department staffed entirely by androids who think they're humans hunting androids. This last is a classic PKD twist - the idea that reality is something the mind unreliably creates is one he explores in many other stories, and one found elsewhere in classic American writing. <br />It's a mistake to assume this is prediction - what he has to say aboutpeople is true already and the sci-fi backdrop is there because it's necessary. You could not transplant this into a contemporary or historical setting and still have a sensible novel. I secretly suspect PKD of writing American Literature in the finest Edgar Allan Poe tradition, and if I had to make the case, this is the book I'd use to argue it. It isn't easy; but it's very, very good.
B0000065O1|5.0|My wife loves this video. Her results were a lot sooner than we expected too. It's a tough work out. I weight train and I won't even try it. It works for her, beautifully.
6305426651|5.0|Incredible, sad, happy, very emotional, one of the best movies I have ever seen. Fell in love with Roberto!
0385493800|4.0|This book proves that a best-seller doesn't have to be mindless.  No one's going to confuse Grisham with Dostoevsky, but his readers don't want a story bogging down with too much profundity.  He has just the right mix,  the best mix of legitimate orthodox Christianity and literature since  Walker Percy and Larry Woiwode.
B00001YVDW|4.0|As I stated on Live At Leeds, one wonders why Mobile Fidelity chose these two CDs for the gold disc treatment. This CD was already remastered a couple of years ago. <br />Granted, I'm sure the sound is excellent. Mobile  Fidelity rarely disappoints, but the improvement in sound could only be  marginal at best. I was thoroughly disappointed with Live At Leeds so I  didn't want to be burned twice.<br />On top of that, the Who's Next album has  now been remastered three times in two years. Enough! Go with the MCA  remaster/reissue and save a few bucks.
6300269639|5.0|This is a classic film and desires to be released on DVD to take advantage of its action and sound track. It is a every 6 month labor of love to watch the VHS version.
6304994540|5.0|This is quite possibly the funniest movie ever made, and one of my very favorites.  If you haven't seen it, buy it.  Its only drawback is excessive profanity, but it blends with the movie and generally makes it funnier.   Buy it.
6303430570|5.0|I really don't have that much to say about this incredibly hilarious movie.  I just wanted to make sure that my vote of five stars was counted.<br />Customer: Well, this is the last time I rent here!<br />Randal:  You'll be missed.<br />Customer: Screw you!<br />Randal: Hey!  You're not allowed  to rent here anymore!<br />Jay (outside): Yeaahh!
6300184064|5.0|My favorite movie of all time.  If you haven't seen it, buy it or at least rent it.  It will be like nothing you've ever seen, and you won't regret it.
6305169195|4.0|I remember seeing this movie when it first came out and I was totally enthralled the whole time.  The plot was totally believable and scary especially knowing such disaster could very well happen.  The one thing  that disappointed me was the fact that they had 250 feet to go in a half  hour and not only did they make it they had 10 minutes left.  The movie  completely skipped what happened in that time period and neglects to  provide realism in what happens then.  The movie did bring me to tears as  Bruce Willis takes the place of his daughter's finace and seeing him scream  &quot;I love you!&quot; to him and to add to it, the emotional goodbye  between father and daughter.  I will cry everytime I see this movie!  It is  rare to find such an action-packed movie that will also bring you to  tears!  Its a must see!
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner is not just some sci-fi movie... nor is it merely a film adaptaion of &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep.&quot;  At the time of its original release, it was a stark and stunning portrayal of the  future (in complete contrast to the &quot;happy&quot; or &quot;slightly  confused&quot; future of so many other movies.) It is still considered  visionary today. While focused on androids, the movie really puts humanity  and the will to survive at trial. If you saw the movie and liked it, you'll  love the Director's Cut. If you saw the Director's Cut and loved it, you  MUST see it widescreen!  You miss so much scenery when a movie gets panned  and scanned. ...this DVD makes my THIRD (and final) copy of this film.
6305171769|3.0|I think they should have called this movie &quot;The Revenge of Laurie Strode&quot; because that is what this movie is.  The only thing that disappointed me was the fact that this movie totally neglected Halloween  4-6.  It only followed Halloween 1-2.  Knowing from the beginning that  Laurie had to have faked her death and changed her name, I expected some  explanation as to why she left her daugther Jamie(Halloween 4-6) behind and  just took her son, John, when she went into hiding.  Not to mention the  fact that in Halloween 4, it is said that both of Jamie's parents died.  In  H20, John gets a birthday card from his dad.  Did he go into hiding too,  was it Jimmy from Halloween 2 or someone else?  Did Jamie and John have the  same father?  This movie left many unanswered questions.  For the Halloween  fans that follow the series closely this was probably a big disapointment,  but to those who loved the first 2 of the series, this movie probably  rocked!  I am somewhere in the middle because I did enjoy the movie alot  despite the unanswered questions and if I completely ignore Halloween 4-6,  then I would give this movie a 4-star rating because it is a good enough  movie.  I love the fast-paced action of the characters, it seemed very  realistic as to what one would do if they were confronted by a monster like  Michael Myers.  A very good movie!
B000000WJZ|5.0|I just listened to Siamese Dream (after a long haul w/o listening to it) a few days ago.  And about the time I got the Geek USA, I realized how relaxed and at home I felt.  I was just sitting at the computer, playing  SimCity or something, letting the cool winds come in from the window, and  listening to Siamese Dream.  And though I was here at college, some 400  miles from my real home, I felt like I was in my room again, listening to  the Pumpkins while doing my homework again. I feel that &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; is one the greatest albums ever, maybe only surpased by  Radiohead's &quot;OKComputer.&quot;  I see the only reason people view MCIS  as the best Pumpkin album is because it gives you what you wanted from  &quot;Siamese,&quot; but whole lot more of it.  &quot;Mayonaise&quot; is my  all-time favorite song.  And it, as well as &quot;Soma,&quot; are one the  best Pumpkin songs ever...and there ARE a lot of them, believe me. I  suggest you get this album, and never forget it, because once you listen to  it, it will always have a place in your heart.
6301562925|4.0|I loved this movie alot.  Michael killed Rachelle in the beginning which had my blood flowing because Rachelle was a major character in Halloween 4.  It showed to me that this movie would be unpredictable.  One thing I don't  understand is the very beginning.  It leaves off with the ending of  Halloween 4 and Michael falls into a grave, Halloween 5 added to this by  having Michael somehow end up in a river right after this.  How did he  crawl to the river if he was buried underground?  Other then this flaw, I  enjoyed the movie alot.  The Halloween music is what really gets my blood  flowing.  The opening credits got me excited right away when the  bone-chilling Halloween music played in sync with the knife stabbing the  pumpkin.  I also got this very same thrill throughout my body when Michael  is chasing Jamie in the car and Tina screams &quot;Leave her  alone! &quot;, the music and the horror acted together to really have me  excited.  This movie is the best since the original, even better then  Halloween 2.
0899663036|5.0|When I first read 'Tree',I must have been around 10. I read it over and over. The subject matter hits too close to home for me, having grown up in the 70's, but under startlingly similar conditions for their time. My  mother, brother and I were alone, yet we utilised our time and resources  just Like Francie and Neely. As one who has gone through poverty can tell  you, that is much the way it is for many, many people in the USA. Reading  this book will remind those people of the small things, the things that  matter. This family was like many, in Brooklyn and all over the world, with  its harshness, ugliness and hope. There will always be poverty, but for  those, like Francie and Neely who have finally found their way out, it  makes the past all that much more bittersweet. I recommend this book for  those kids who have never gone without, who have their lives handed to  them, and for whom the computer does all their work. Read this: you will be  humbled. I promise you will appreciate what you have.
B000020617|4.0|They simply get better with age. This is the Foos at a peak in their career, Grohl has perfected the right balance of commercialism and unadulterated rock.<br />Power-pop gems like &quot;Aurora&quot;, &quot;Next Year&quot; and &quot;M.I.A.&quot; are carefully entwined with raging rock classics like &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;, &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; and &quot;Breakout&quot;. The resulting concoction is nothing short of a masterpiece. And when the great albums are counted this should take its place amongst the greats.
B000002KXV|5.0|I LOVE THIS ALBUM!  I first bought it when I was 20. I am 32, and I still love it! You can play it over and over again, and it offends no one. It has a sort of late 50's, what-we-think-it-was-like, Miami beach sort of feel to  it. Humid beach house, cigarettes, booze and flirting...this is what I  think of.And it suits everyone except those bonzos who like to hear  screaming....Buy it.
B000002L99|1.0|While this band was a driving force in it's beginning, the fire that was instilled into the band left with its original lead singer. Love ballads covered this entire album. Ripping, inventive guitar was replaced by sappy synthesizers, and Eddie went from guitar wizard to mediocre pop star.  This band changed after Dave left, and not for the better. If you want to rock, get Van Halen's first 6 albums, and David Lee Roth's solo albums (especially Eat 'Em And Smile and Skyscraper with Steve Vai, and his latest DLR Band). They carry the original Van Halen attitude. <br />They definitely should have changed the name to Van Hagar.
0553274503|4.0|A fascinating novel that matains you entertained troughout the whole book, when you read one sentence you want to know what's on the next one. It talks about a retarded man that the only thing he wnats is to become smart so people can like him. He gets what he wants(advanced technology), but he  realizes that it wasn't what he expected. Things happened to him... fell in  love, found his family and many more! I really liked this book, it's one of  the best ones I've ever read. It's one book that I enjoyed rerading, and I  really got into it. It's a master piece!
0385484518|4.0|This book reaffirmed the search that is embedded deep in the human heart, that we want some meaning in life. And though, I cannot agree that Morrie ultimately found what he was looking for, i can agree that he found how to  make peace with his life. A great book for anyone trying to find meaning in  life.
0684833395|5.0|Certainly among the top ten novels of the 20th century - maybe the greatest novel since 1950. Before Catch 22, much had been written about war but few had found humour in it, and fewer had ridiculed it. After Catch 22,  it is difficult to conceive of war (and warmongers) being presented in any  other way. In presenting war as farce, Heller didn't just change the way we  view armed conflict, but the way we see authority, in corporations,  government bodies and other institutions where men accrue and exercise  power. An unforgettable, life-changing (and life enhancing book). And, lest  it be forgotten, a tremendously funny read.
6304083769|5.0|Ghost in the shell remains as one of the most popular animations because of its award winning formula. Hailed as a classic the film concentrates on the work of Motoko Kunasagi who is connected to the shadow organisation  that deals with cyborgenic theft and diplomatic problems. This might make  the film sound dull,however there is enough guns, action, bloodshed and  cyborgs to keep the average manga fan happy. The film reveals its depth by  introducing the concept of sentient beings that are created out of computer  files. This is where the film derives its title as a ghost is that part of  the human soul that remains when the cybergenic  implants and regeneration  takes place. The voice acting is good and the music perfectly suits the  mood of the film. While rather short for a classic film this is not one  anime that will be forgotten easily.
B000005J56|5.0|this life-affirming music is not just about talent and skills. once in a while a record comes along that is simply pure magic... as if angels had touched the hearts of the musicians (i have a private theory that ibrahim  ferrer is really an angel in disguise):) you can't put your finger on it,  but you know you've found a treasure. in fact, you feel like you've  rediscovered a forgotten place in your soul, that you neglected for so  long...<br />at the turn of the millenium, in our throw-away culture where old  age is neither respected nor valued, these amazing old gentlemen teach us  about music and about life. listen carefully, there is a lesson  there...<br />p.s. what a perfect xmas gift!
B00000IMCW|5.0|I can honestly say that few horror films have left an impact on me like &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; has.  The atmosphere in the movie is unbelievably bleak and lonely, and once the movie is over, the feeling  lasts.  A horror movie like this that goes beyond the graphic violence  (don't get me wrong though, there is plenty) and actually gets the viewer  in to the story is one in a million.  You care for the characters, you want  them to survive.  You become attatched to this movie, which is why it's so  great.<br />That, and there's plenty of disembowling and dismemberment and  decapitations and what-have-you, so if story isn't your thing, then just  sit your empty little head down and watch the blood splatter.
6304078102|5.0|Mr. Holland's Opus was a movie that inspires every person who  even considers a position in education. Dreyfus' Character is very believeable, and truly exemplifies the role of a Music Teacher. It inspires me to do  work of my own and help others with theirs.
0156907399|5.0|A modern classic, arguably in the top ten along with the likes of Gatsby, Ulysses, Heart of Darkness, In Search of Lost Time, etc.  An absolutely flawless work in which every word contributes to the overall effect and the  author demonstrates her gift for stretching the English language to its  most beautiful and striking extreme.  A must-read for those interested in  modern literature.
6305165912|5.0|Most people do not understand this film for the genius that it is. This a period piece written for 1990. An unusual idea, I know, but who said the Coen Brothers are your usual film fare. The film's interwoven and dense  script starts from the beginning; for example when they show &quot;the  dude&quot; watching George Bush saying his famous, &quot;this agression  will not stand.&quot; Then you hear later in the bowling alley &quot;the  dude&quot; trying to use this quote like it is in his subconscious, but of  course he screws up the line. I love John Goodman as the guy who has to  make everything connect with his Vietnam experiences and the way he tries  to take control of every situation, but he always ends up losing it. The  film though is a modern interpretation of a Dashiell Hammett novel.  &quot;The dude&quot; is the reluctant snoop who never actually does  anything, but ends up solving the case. The only time &quot;the dude&quot;  actually does any investigative work, he gets dick... literally... he gets  the picture drawn by porn tycoon Jackie Treehorn. The characters are  unforgetable, the dialog &quot;is good to beat the bad,&quot; the direction  and script are genius, and the story's &quot;in English too.&quot;
B000000OSW|4.0|I agree with several of the other reviewers here that Secret World Live (which  has been in the CD player in my car for weeks) has much better versions of most of these songs. It also has Salisbury Hill, one of my  favorites. Yes, they're introspective and raw and moving - that's what  makes them good. And Steam &amp; Kiss That Frog are great fun. So, go for  SW Live, but if you can't find it buy Us.  They're still good songs.  <br />P.S. Isn't that Paula Cole on Blood of Eden?  I know it's her on the  live CD.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Allright you are probably thinking another 80's movie with singers being wanna-be actors.  For all of you thinking that i only have one word for you, WRONG!  I have seen this movie so many time i could probably recite  it by now.  If you are wondering about the plot, which i might add is a  good one, it is very well composed.  It has action, adventure, suspense,  and crazyieness.  All in all it has all the ingredience for a &quot;2  thumbs up&quot; movie.  I can't talk for everybody, but all the people that  i know including myself that have seen this movie love it!  If you are  wondering why i love it i will let you in on it now.  When i watch this  movie I just wonder how anyone could have just come up with something so  good.  It is so intricate and deep that i can't even describe it.  I guess  the only way you people will ever know what i am talking about is to see  it.  whatch it you will fall in love with it!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Upon first listening to the CD, you're sucked in hook, line, and sinker by Fiona's lounge-girl throat-cancer voice. Scratchy, emotional vocals weave in and out of tightly knitted songs. Some of the threads include her  bass-piano playing, heavy drums, guitar riffs, and  delicate string  sections.  The overall effect of the album is flooring, you have to sit  down by the middle of the first track. Its the kind of album that you can  put on repeat and listen to over and over. Absolutely superb, by far a more  valiant and experimental attempt than Tidal.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Allright you are probably thinking another 80's movie with singers being wanna-be actors.  For all of you thinking that i only have one word for you, WRONG!  I have seen this movie so many time i could probably recite  it by now.  If you are wondering about the plot, which i might add is a  good one, it is very well composed.  It has action, adventure, suspense,  and crazyieness.  All in all it has all the ingredience for a &quot;2  thumbs&quot; up movie.  I can't talk for everybody, but all the people that  i know including myself that have seen this movie love it!  If you are  wondering why i love it i will let you in on it now.  When i watch this  movie I just wonder how anyone could have just come up with something so  good.  It is so intricate and deep that i can't even describe it.  I guess  the only way you people will ever know what i am talking about is to see  it.  whatch it you will fall in love with it!
B000003S5H|5.0|All I have to say is WOW!   I have never heard  anything like AIR before!  If it were not for seeing their video, &quot;Sexy Boy&quot; on MTV, I would have never heard of them.  I am usually not the type of person who  buys a CD after hearing just one song, but I did this when I heard  &quot;Sexy Boy.&quot; This entire CD is absolutely unbelievable.  Why can't  there be more innovative, creative bands like AIR out there?  This band is  in a category all their own.  Not only is their music relaxing and  soothing, it has so much depth to it.  Each song is so different.  This is  by far one of my favorite CDs and I would recommend it to anyone who  appreciates unique bands like AIR.  I can't wait to go get Premiere  Symptomes.  Go out and buy it!
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon is full of suspense and excitement. It's such a good book that you can't stop reading it! At the same time it's very profound and it teaches many real-life problems. Charlie Gordon, passes through  tough experiences and painful memories. Will his friend Algernon be with  him. Don't miss the opportunity of reading this great book!
6305627401|5.0|Did you think Chaplin's Great Dictator is a milestone ?   If yes South Park Bigger longer and uncut is a milestone too ... As a frenshman I only be very humble facing this so clever - but definitly not for kids -  american movie. I think it's good for the democracy to let play this sort  of movie ...
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon is full of suspense and excitement. It's such a good book that you can't stop reading it! At the same time it's very profound and it teaches many real-life problems. Charlie Gordon, passes through  tough experiences and painful memories. Will his friend Algernon be with  him. Don't miss the opportunity of reading this great book!
B000031WD9|4.0|As I waited in line for my ticket with all my friends (and was rudely carded)I was prepared to sit through yet another predictable teen flick that was filled with bad acting, lame jokes, and a flimsy plot.  Yet, as  the movie began, one could tell that this was much more.  Although the plot  of this movie is nothing utterly original, the way in which it is  presented, the forthright &quot;Lets talk about sex&quot; attitude, as  opposed to having a movie about sex and not really coming out and saying  it, is refreshing.  Also, the acting in this movie, although not of  oscar-worthy proportions, is commendable.  Their expiriences with sex range  from a deep meaningful expirience, a bizzare Mrs. Robinson-esqe affair, and  one poor guy being used by a flute-toting band geek.  There are some  hysterically funny parts to this movie, as well as some really really gross  parts which are funny as well, most notably, new uses for baked goods and a  contaminated glass of beer.  Although I wouldn't exactly call this movie a  classic, I would recommend it.  Don't think about it too much, don't  analyze it too much, just sit back and prepare to be amused.
0393312836|4.0|Don't get me wrong, I loved this book....but I still don't see the point in the Russian.  I mean, some people are saying its great, and some are saying its hard to understand...I just find it pointless.  Why write a book  in two different languages?<br />Other then that, it was really good.  The  story was really interesting, and I liked it...a lot.
B00000K19E|5.0|For everyone planning on buying this movie, a warning, do not see it if you are in the mood for a light easy to understand, not thought movie, don't step out of the room, or else you just won't get it.  In this thought  provoking, freaky movie that makes you paraniod(kinda like psycho made  people scared to shower) about life.  The plot of this movie (without  giving away any secrets) is so fresh original and new, yet at the same time  it is confusing until it all comes together, which it does.  The end will  not leave you going, &quot;Huh?&quot; if you paid attention.  But the  Matrix is one of those mindblowing films that everyone has to see
B00000JCB2|3.0|Well, I'm really not a Limp fan, but I decided to listen to this and its really not THAT horrible.  Yeah, I hate the rapping, and i loathe Nookie, but there are a few good songs, such as &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;Just  Like This&quot; and &quot;Nobody Like You&quot;.  Most of it is to slow for  me, and Three Dollar Bill Ya'll is better.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is, in one word TREMENDOUS.  The songs seem to have originally been written for an orchestra.  If you thought the songs previously were powerful, you're in for a ride!   If anyone ever thought &quot;How could  Metallica's music be more powerful?&quot;  Just listen to it with the SF  Symphony Orchestra!   It an absolutely incredible CD, not only for  Metallica fans, but for any fan who is moved by music.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Man, Tom Morello has got to be the best guitar player I've ever heard.  some of the stuff he does is just so wicked.  I love it.  Especially &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot;, hes amazing.  Also, songs like  &quot;Testify&quot; and &quot;Calm like a Bomb&quot; are really, really  amazing.  The only downside is &quot;Mic Check&quot;.  I really don't like  that one...its too rappish for me.<br />If your a Rage fan, get this.  If you  like this type of music, get this.  But Evil Empire is better, so get it  first.
B00000J631|5.0|When I bought this CD I had only listened to about 30 or 40 of the bands on it.  Now i love almost every one(Gwar still sucks).  Everyone comments on the Blink 182 song, obviously no one listens to the Mr. T Experience Song.  It's great!   From this CD i discovered Bracket which i now love.   The Vandals song is really good to.  It's definitely a good investment.
6305064490|1.0|poorly encoded and audio was out of sink with the video.......We bought the dvd version from amazon. we have watched it every year on vhs and was so looking forward to the dvd.  we am very disappointed ..........in the  quality of this movie on dvd.
B000001FY9|5.0|i love this album. it's my favorite. i purchased this same album 3 times an all 3 times they were taken from me without my knowing.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I loved the Matrix, I thought that not only was the action good but the story-line was very interesting.  If you love big time bovie making and lots of action you will love this movie
1567184855|5.0|I have read countless books on this subject over the years and I have never found a book more enlightening and thought provoking than &quot;Journey of Souls&quot;.  Although I believe all the books I have read  in this genre have benefitted me and the authors are sincere, &quot;Journey  of Souls&quot; answered more questions and left an indelible impression on  me.  I truly recommend this book to all who find themselves searching for  answers to questions they are not sure how to ask.  I found myself  rereading the same pages over and over, ecstatic I had finally found what I  had been searching for!  This book ties it all together and reveals purpose  for all things that occur.  I was left with a feeling of resolve and   understanding.  I cannot emphasize enough how &quot;Journey of Souls&quot;  reinforces that everything we experience has a purpose and considering the  grand scheme, &quot;fate&quot; does not deal a bad hand to anyone.  We  truly make our own decisions. This is a book well worth reading over and  over.
B00000IQUT|2.0|I saw this recently (Picked it up at random on a video renting spree) it was in the &quot;Horror&quot; section... which is odd because it was clearly meant to be a Porn movie.  You know the plot (the other guys have  only repeated it about a million times already).  One thing is that this  film is totally non-memorial.  I didn't even remember the main character's  name before reading these reviews!  Second is that it, as stated, was  obviously meant to be porn.  This is because she was raped repeatedly, and  throughout the movie is usually either &lt;a&gt; completely naked or  &lt;b&gt; in very little clothing.  The acting is terrible. Ok, its not  -bad- they act realistic and with almost no screw-ups, but I don't find any  of it convincing.  Some of the things she does are disturbing, even to me  (and I watch Horror movies often) like the bathtub scene... whihc I wish  not to remember.<br />(Offensive comment coming up)<br />This is a  like-it-or-hate-it film.  In particular leering perverts are known to love  it.
B000005J56|5.0|While visiting some friends, with several three-year-olds swirling around us and shreiking (mine included) as the adults tried to talk, this disc was playing in the background.  And somehow, amidst the cacophony, this lush,  warm, soulful and vibrant music cut through it all. It encirlcled my head  and filtered into my ears.<br />I must have asked three seperate times what  was playing--the information wasn't sticking because of the distractions,  but the music did stick and made a strong impression on me.  I bought a  copy the next day and haven't played a recording over and over like this  since I was a teenager.<br />The simple arrangements and instumentation are  powerful.  A guitar, trumpet, conga, saxophone, and vocals that sound as if  they are from another time are often all there is to make this gem come  alive.  The disc is beautifully recorded, yet still sounds as if you have  stepped back into the 1950s in Cuba.<br />I wish I spoke Spanish (more than  my mediocre ability to order food at the local bodega) so I could REALLY  enjoy this wonderful recording, but it's not necessary.  The music speaks  for itself and the meaning of the songs are fairly obvious.  But to satisfy  your curiosity there is a translation included with the Spanish lyrics so  you can read along and get the gist even if you aren't Cuban.<br />This is  certainly an essential recording to add to your collection.  I expect I  will be giving this to several people I know for gifts.  No holiday  required.  It will add texture to any party you choose to play it and it  will take the edge off a work day from hell.  Cook dinner for yourself and  put this on while you chop and saut&eacute;.  You might even find yourself dancing  a bit...
B000002UA0|5.0|This is not the Roger Waters-led Pink Floyd you're used to.  The original Pink Floyd had an LSD-drenched weirdo named Syd Barrett at the helm -- and it was much more interesting because of it.  Syd was a genius, in his own  really warped, drugged-out way.  These songs are very spacey (but NOT in a  Dark Side Of The Moon sort of way), a bit eerie and scarey at times, but  all extremely unconventional and interesting.  Psychedelic, man!<br />If Syd  hadn't subsequently gone completely off the deep end, Pink Floyd might have  continued being this interesting.  This is the Pink Floyd that could've  been.  I do like some of Pink Floyd's later output like Dark Side Of The  Moon and Meddle (though I think DSOTM is REALLY overrated and WAY  overplayed) -- but nothing really matches the weird, amazing trip that this  album is.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This is a truly gorgeous film. Not only are the sets, costuming and filming top-notch, but the actors are inspired. They really took these characters and made them their own - the characters are much deeper and  more three-dimensional than in many other &quot;Shakespeare&quot; films  that are equally good, such as Brannaugh's &quot;Much Ado about  Nothing&quot; and &quot;Othello.&quot; The dialogue in this film is nothing  short of spellbinding - I didn't move in my seat for the duration of the  movie and my eyes were locked to the screen. If you think you don't like  Shakespeare but you enjoyed the witty, fast paced banter in movies like  &quot;Chasing Amy,&quot; &quot;Clerks,&quot; &quot;Dogma,&quot; and  &quot;Good Will Hunting,&quot; then you should give this one a try.
6304342160|5.0|The Wachowski Brothers (writers of the Stallone/Banderas flick &quot;Assassins&quot;) make their directorial debut with this film-noir thriller.  Bound is the classic tale of a gangster's moll named Violet  (Jennifer Tilly) wanting to escape the business and her mob boyfriend  Ceasar (Joe Pantoliano) and enlists the help of her new love interest (Gina  Gershon) to do it.<br />Except this movie has a twist.  The  &quot;handyman&quot; next door, Corky, is a butch dyke who's just got out  of prison for the &quot;redistribution of wealth&quot; and redecorating the  apartment next to Violet and Ceasar's.  Violet, pouty-lipped and  husky-voiced, seduces Corky and the two come up with a plan to steal 2  million dollars that Ceasar is holding for his mob boss, and escape from  mob life.<br />The plotline, seemingly formulaic, has many twists and  surprises for the viewer.  Not to mention a steamy love scene between Corky  and Violet, surpervised by real-life sexpert Susie Bright (who also had a  cameo in the film) to make sure the lesbian scene was accurate.<br />One of  the real standouts, besidse the great acting between Tilly and Gershon, is  Joe Pantoliano as the gangster Ceasar.  His portrayal of the small-time  hood is dead-on, and we find that even Ceasar, who is supposedly being  screwed over by his mistress and her lover, is also very clever.<br />Over  all, I found this movie very exciting and was spellbound when I saw it.   However, it is not for the squeamish.  There are a few violent scenes, and  some persons might find the lesbian sex scene offensive (what I don't get  is why?).<br />However, I'd suggest this movie to any fan of 40s-50s gangster  movies, and even Tarantino and Coen Brothers fans.  Another movie you might  want to check out is &quot;The Matrix,&quot; which was also done by the  Wachowskis.
B00000JZIK|5.0|This is one of the best films it has been my priveledge to see, and one of the few I cannot stop thinking about. Some people object to the ending, or say that once you figure it out it makes it boring or predicatable. Wrong!  I figured out the identity of Soze early on, but I have to say when the  ending came on, my jaw dropped on the floor nevertheless. There's something  there that will surprise you no matter what. The best things about it are  the uniformly excellent cast, led by the ever-incredible Kevin Spacey as a  crippled crook Verbal, and the wonderful Gabriel Byrne as the intelligent,  crooked ex-cop Keaton, who is trying to go straight. And kudos to Pete  Postlewaite as Soze's lawyer. Menace and good manners were never so  brilliantly combined. The witty, startling script is full of memorable  one-liners, and incredible twists. Don't take my word for it, watch it for  yourselves.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album is one of the most important, boldest records of the year.  Even though the vocals get somewhat tiresome &amp; some of the lyrics are heavy-handed, the instrumentation and complex guitar work is excellent.  Proving that rock music can be intellegent &amp; sympathetic, these poetic  headbangers never sounded so good together.
0385495315|5.0|Mr. Singh traces the history of cryptography from its recorded inception in roman times up through  current applications.  While all of the chapters held my interest it was Mr. Singh's work in chapters 4 through  6 that I  feel deserve particular note. <br />Chapter 4 deals with the war effort at  Bletchley Park and the work on the Engima machine.  Here Mr.Singh adds an  additional dimension by providing some insight into the work of Alan  Turning, the development of Colossus, the first (now reported) electronic  programmable computer and the unrecognized cryptanalysts who broke Ultra  and the other codes of WWII. Chapter 6 brings us up to present day  cryptographic issues  from RSA and PGP to philosophical issues of personal  privacy in modern society with web centric commerce and  online book  reviews.  At each step in the process Singh successfully  combines the  elements of a  technical treatise with a human values and features. For  those wanting to go a little further under the hood and look at the  processes and algorithms in some of the codes mentioned in the text,  several appendices at the end of the book should fill that yearning.   I  found the book informative and enjoyable to read.
0782008399|5.0|One of my favorite movies of all time.  I bought the unrated VHS version for a couple dollars more and it's exactly the same as the R version, but I've heard that if you get it in DVD there is actuallly a difference...so  if you're buying VHS, don't bother to pay the extra few bucks.<br />Anyway,  it's a great movie, so buy it!  And Gina's hot!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I grew up listening to my brothers Santana's vinyl records. Now I own my very first Santana CD. This is a must have, you won't stop dancing.
0553108034|5.0|Martin's new book has put Jordan's &quot;Path of Daggers&quot; to shame. Excellent character development  and a great continuation of the plot of the first  book make this a must read. You had better read &quot;The Game  of Thrones&quot; again. The characters are a little hard to remember after  such a long time. Martin is showing that he is ready to ascend the throne  as the great fantasy writer of this generation. Read this book and then get  the next!
B00000J7S8|5.0|She is incredibly talented. At times she's sultry and raspy. Other times she delivers a fiery song which only makes me listen to her on Repeat. Buy it now, don't wait!
B00001QEE2|1.0|this film was not at all accurate with the myths.  besides that the music was distracting and extremely annoying.  i can't see how this would be overly enjoyable for children or adults.  it tries much too hard to be  funny and misses the whole concept of achieving a concrete storyline.  if  you follow the myths you will also know Hercules had a male lover.  guess  we can't get away with that in a Disney cartoon...o well.
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD is such a joy to listen to. I own 2 of her cd's now all within a month span. Looking forward to owning them all.
B000002HRE|5.0|Metallica is the best rock band thats ever walked this earth. Reload is another killer album too.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon is an imposing book where the magic of our dreams, the cruelty of life, and THE REAL FACE OF OUR SOCIETY are shown.   I loved this book, because I think it gives us a little of our own medicine;  it shows us that we feel sorry for people that might not have a high IQ but  still innocent and happy, people that trust others, and people that always  have a smile on their faces; when we really should be feeling sorry for  ourselves. We suffer, we cry, we die of hunger, we die of hate, we not  often have a smile on our face.   Charlie, he dreamed to be smart, he  fought for it just to be loved and to share with some friends, he never  gave up, and he followed his dreams to the end. We should follow his steps  and go for what we want even more if we can, because this kid didn't it  without knowing a lot of stuff.   This book REALLY made a different in  my life; I didn't like to read and now I'm inspired. I am reading Of Shadow  and Love of Isabel Allende and Emma of Jane Austen.   READ IT AND I BET  YOU WILL LOVE IT AS EVRYBODY ELSE!  Lisette Oliwkowicz Caracas, Venezuela  l_oliwkowicz@hotmail.com
0767840135|5.0|Quidam is a very moving piece of work.  I've never seen Cirque before, and I saw this show on Pay-per-view and fell in love.  That very night, I ordered the soundtrack, very haunting, and put it on repeat--it's a sort of  Tom Waits meets the Ringling Brothers.  Having never seen the live show, I  can't share the other reviewers' complaints of what is missing.  I can only  report what is here.  Fantastic acrobatics, gymnastics, and theatre the  likes of which I've never seen--and one of my college degrees is in  theatre.  I encourage any lover of any art or even storytelling to purchase  this DVD immediately and watch it a loved one, alone, with family, or a  complete stranger.  Quidam is truly one of the most magnificent works of  live entertainment I've ever witnessed.  If you've never seen Cirque, as I  hadn't, please ignore the negative feedbacks on this page, and invest the  money in Quidam.
B000007OY0|5.0|My wife and I have seen this movie 5 times on TV and are captivated each time we see it.  We are now buying it for our very selective film library.
0790729628|4.0|Content - The original version with the voice over is much better.  I would buy THAT version. Video Transfer is excellent. Sound is excellent.
6305364648|1.0|Saw it in theater and thought it great. Enjoyed it on VHS, but was so disappointed with the sound and picture quality (or lack thereof) on DVD, I returned it to place of purchase and got my money back.  Based on customer  reviews, I wonder if I got a bad copy.  The opening scenes were terrific  picture-wise, but for the rest, I had to keep the remote handy to  constantly correct flesh tones, and the sound quality was no better than  what I heard on VHS.
6305161976|5.0|The transfer was excellent.  The video has been noticeably improved; without being distruptive. It is still is good old B/W.<br />The sound is very clean.
6303234844|5.0|Lets me &quot;relive&quot; THE BEST CONCERT I HAVE SEEN.Friends come over and ask if I mind playing that Peter gabriel concert again.
0783114222|5.0|Transfer was Excellent. Sound excellent.  Content Excellent.  If you liked the Right Stuff, I recomend this DVD.
0385040253|5.0|Clifford Ashley takes you to the heart and soul of knotting.      The magic of the intertwining of line was a passion to this man -- and that passion can infect you, if you're susceptible.      In the course of his  descriptions of knots, he takes us through some of the history of knotting  -- his references go back to the 1700's.  Mainly, this art is descended  from the square-rigger seafaring trade.  Mr. Ashley knows the language of  these sailors.    Although written in the first half of the 20th century,  this is still THE authoratative book on knots.    Thousands of knots,  thousands of pictures.  Knots, from practical hard-working specimens, to  purely decorative; to even a few that Mr. Ashley refers to as \\"useless\\" knots.  Self-illustrated with  occasional bytes of humor.    This is \\"the\\" book if you have a  love of knotting.    However, if all  you want is to quickly learn a few knots for very practical reasons, you'd  probably be better off with one of the more modern knotting books, which  usually have clearer explanations for the layman, replete with pretty color photos.  Newer texts would also have recently-invented knots, such as the amazing icicle knot.
0767802470|5.0|Video transfer is excellent.  Audio is excellent. If you like the VHS version you will love this DVD.  I could not find a flaw.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver By: Louis Lowry<br /> \\"The Giver\\" is a book of the future where all life's decisions are made for you. All of the world problems have been solved and the people live in the dark and are told nothing. Everything is assigned to each person from parents to job occupations.  A good  example is when Jonas the Main character is talking with is Father and  Mother. They are talking to him about how soon he will be given his job  assignment for life at age 12. He recalls back to when he was assigned his  bike and even when he was assigned his comfort toy. Then his parents tell  him how they were excited when they were assigned there jobs, and then they  tell him how they felt when they were assigned his sister \\"Lily\\". They said  they knew it would a girl because that is what they applied for and there  application was accepted, and how the Commissioners of the town assigning  everything with the help of the \\"Giver\\". It would soon be Jonas's turn to  be assigned his occupation.  I would recommend this book to people who  like things of the future. It is a very scary environment where everything  is monitored. It is a good book.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is not a bad piece of rap-metal.  It might have earned about three or so stars for the music (there is certainly better in this genre, but it isn't the worst.)--however, it's too bad Fred Durst is so small minded, homophobic and sexist.  It's just like Nirvana never came.  Re-arranged  isn't half bad(there's actually an element of songwriting.).  Nookie has  the intensity of the best Rage songs, but the lyrics are so stupid.  I  don't blame LB for Woodstock '99, but when your fan base is angry teenage  boys, what can you expect.  Selling a lot of records doesn't earn the  respect of anyone whose opinions matter.  Motley Crue and Ted Nugent sold a  lot of records too.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As Santana fan for 30 years, this release was a sure hit for me.  I bought another copy since my wife took possesion of mine.  These are complex songs, masterfully performed.  I can close my eyes and visualize the  artists laying the tracks down.  I have seen Santana live 6 or 7 times and  can't wait to see him again.<br />The value of this CD is that a new  generation and those not normally Santana fans are now &quot;hooked&quot;.   To say this is a hit crossover recording really misses the mark.  This is a  CD that is a mezcla, a blending of various musical traditions.  Corazon  Espinado is classic old school Santana -- it conjures visions of the old  days with Greg Rolie, Chepito Areas and Coke Escobedo.  Yet, this CD is as  contemporary as it is varied.  The Santana band is as tight as ever, and  the guest artists are all really great.<br />Congratulations, Carlos.  Viva  Santana!
0553274503|4.0|A must read for a teacher Reviewer: Franki Leggio (fleggio@hotmail.com) I'm going to be completely honest in my review. I have an opinion, which looks at this Novel from many different points of view. First of all, I  liked the theme of this book because it's about a retarded adult's life  which changes completely in affect of an operation he has to get smart. He  goes from a retarded adult to a genius with an I.Q. of 185. The book really  makes you feel as if you were going through the whole process of becoming a  genius from an adult. You feel like Charlie because it's in first person  point of view. Although it's a science fiction Novel, it still seems very  real to you. It's also very confusing because you're reading Charlie's hand  writing as a retarded person and then as a genius. But as a retarded person  you read through all his mistakes confusing you a lot. It's also a very  symbolical Novel because of Algernon. Algernon is the mouse, which  foreshadows what's eventually going to happen to Charlie, which builds  suspense not allowing you to put the book down. In general it's a very good  book.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Alargenon is an exellent book. If you like science fiction and enjoy details these book is for you. Charlie, the main character of these book changes from a 65 IQ 32 year old to 185 IQ in a period of 6 months, at  the same time he falls in love with his teacher and discovers his parents  didn't realy loved him, if you want to know what he had to go  through...read.
B000000YBQ|5.0|Nothing much need be said about this lovely CD. Contrary to what 'music fan from USA' says below, the music here deserves all of the praise it has  received over the years.  As an aside, Paul Motian is a sensitive drummer,  with whom Evans chose to play on much of the classic Riverside recordings.   As to the recording quality, while it may not be up to today's standards,  the description given by 'music fan from San Francisco CA' shouldn't scare  you off.  The album was professionally recorded for release by Riverside  and has a wonderful ambience and intimacy.<br />Contrary to the comments from  'Mark from Chicago', the music bears little resemblence to free jazz.  The  amazing conversations between Evans and Scott LaFaro, with Motian in  support, while complex, are equally cohesive and structured.  Evans was a  traditionalist in terms of repetoire and, while he takes these tunes to  places new and interesting, he respects them utterly.<br />If you're a jazz  fan you either already have it, or should buy it immediately.  If you're  simply a music lover with an interest in jazz, you have a wonderful treat  in store.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is about a young boy Jonas. He turns 12 and is CHOSEN to be the new reciever.(and no, it's not the kind of reciever in football). Jonas goes through some hard times,but at the end it ends quite happy. i strongly  suggest that you read this book. My teacher assinged this to be read in 9  days, but i read it in 1! once you start reading it you'll get sucked into  it.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Finally Filter's new c.d. is out and its not disapointing.  Their old c.d., Short Bus, lacked the variety that this c.d. has. And this c.d. still has the heavy metal numbers that those of you who bought Short Bus got it  for.  My advice, Filters, &quot;Title of Record&quot; is a definite must  have.
0723244049|5.0|These stories are a timeless classic meant as much for adults as children.  Far from being dark stories (Grimm's Fairy Tales are far more darker and contain more unpleasant themes than Beatrix Potter's stories), they  reinforce many important life lessons and will still be around long after  Pokemon becomes a footnote of the past.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Kevin Smith is one of the best indipendent directors of our time.  He is best know for his four most recent films, Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, and Dogma.  Any one of these are a must see.  Clerks, however, is one of  the best.  have you ever had a job that you hate, yet you would rather work  there then look for something else?  There is not a movie out there that  could describe your situation in a better way.  Kevin smith actually worked  at the &quot;Quick Stop&quot; while they filmed there.  It explains why the  shutters are always closed.  anyhow, the movie is a non-stop laugh riot.  I  can't say anything bad about it.
0553573403|5.0|Looking for that elusive book that grabs you from start to finish only to leave you begging for more? Are you tired of the same old fantasy cliches such as elves, dwarves, and evil wizards? A Game of Thrones is the kind of  rich literature that any fan of character driven fiction should read.  Martin's writing is very tight, fluid, and has a smart, professional  quality. The setting sets itself apart from other fantasy settings by being  quite realistic when compared to other fantasy novels. The world is  populated by humans. There are no elves or orcs roaming the wilderness.  There are no would-be adventurers slaying fanciful beasts for glory and  treasure. Instead you have what reads like earth medieval history. You have  Kingdoms, and Lordships; cutthroats and brigands. Characters that you love  to hate and characters that you'd love to meet. Plots, intrigue, deception,  and betrayal that all combine to create one of the most compelling novels I  have ever read. Do yourself a favor and pick this book up. It will most  likely jump-start your love of books. Enjoy.
B000000OAN|4.0|While I agree ANATO was a breakthrough album in showing that good music has no boundaries, I sometimes wonder if it is overrated once I look at the actual songs here. For all of its influence on the 70s rock scene, I found  the actual album didnt flow very well at all. The subject matter is all  over the map, as Queen goes from singing about love affairs with cars and  lovely ladies to a madman's apocylptic visions in &quot;The Prophet's  Song&quot; (without a doubt the best piece of work on this album). The  longer, &quot;5-star&quot; songs are broken up by songs that are often  heavy on filler (see the tedious &quot;sweet lady&quot;) <br />To its credit  though, the production is outstanding, Freddie Mercury sounds positvely  angelic (of course) and the musical performances are stellar. For more  consistency, see Queen's next effort, A Day at the Races. To hear the album  that everyone talks about when Queen is discussed, pick up a Night at the  Opera...
B000002U8G|4.0|There is an amazing amount of people who do not know much of Pink Floyd's catalog before &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, even though they can sing word-for-word every song of every PF album post-&quot;Dark Side&quot;.  If  you are new, I strongly suggest trying this album.  Lots of good Gilmour  guitar and some &quot;not-so-dour&quot; Waters make it a GOOD listen!
0393964582|4.0|I'm just comenting on another reader's review. This person states that there were elements of symbolism of Marxism, Freudism, Feminism and more.... I'm just wondering how Mary Shelley was able to incorperate  symbolism of these ideologies when they weren't even around until the late  nineteenth century. Did Shelley posses ESP? Oh well, I guess it shows that  you can twist the english language around until it means what you want it  to.
B00000JPH6|5.0|This is a masterpiece.  Many people consider &quot;Labyrinth&quot; to be Henson's best movie, but &quot;Dark Crystal&quot; has an incredible mysticism associated with it that no other movie has been able to develop.   I only have one complaint about this movie: it was too ambitious for the  budget alloted to it.  This is especially noticable in some of the sets,  which are often too small, and that some of the lighting was not as good as  one would expect.  However, this movie more than makes up for those  shortcomings with story, the excellent directing, and some of the best  animatronic puppets ever created.  This movie is one of a kind.  No one  else has ever made anything like it, and this is totally different from  anything else Henson ever created.
0684847817|5.0|This is by far one of the most incredible books I've come across in years.  My Grandmother picked it up one day and showed it to me; I was blown away.  Each drawing is so detailed that you could spend hours looking at each  one, and not have seen everything in it.  If you love faries, fantsy art,  magnificent drawings, or funny and informative stories, this is for you.   The attention to detail is unbelievable.  Pay whatever you must to make  this part of your collection... you won't be sorry.
B000021XR5|5.0|Stone Temple Pilots are and always have been the most underated rock band around.  On &quot;No.4&quot;, STP shoves it's collective fist down your throat and barrels out ugly, loud rock and roll and makes not one apology.   &quot;Down&quot;, the opening cut, combines 10 ton guitars and a  cantankerous vocal, courtesy of Scott Weiland, to make a rockin tune.  Many  of the songs on the album deal with drugs, an obvious subject for Weiland.   But the album also leads you through beautiful, longing harmonies in songs  like &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;I got You&quot;.  While not the most  instantly accessible album in the world, &quot;No. 4&quot; really nails you  after a few listens.  I like to think of this album as STP's comeback on  their own terms.  Here, they're not trying to please anyone but themselves,  and I admire them tremendously for it.  It's good to see a band that still  makes rock and roll with real sounds that aren't polluted with raps and/or  samples (e.g. Korn, Limp Bizkit).  STP is still one of the best rock bands  out there, and lets hope they can keep it going.
B000002USP|5.0|Saying that &quot;Very&quot; is the Pet Shop Boys finest album is saying quite alot, because the PSB have been consistently brilliant throughout their career, but &quot;Very&quot; is their finest moment.  This album  deals intensely with gay issues, and shows both highs and lows: the  exuberant bounce of &quot;Liberation&quot;, which shows how powerful and  exciting a realization of true love can be;  the despondent AIDS nightmare,  &quot;Dreaming of the Queen&quot;, which is a bleak modern masterpiece; the  wry &quot;Can You Forgive Her?&quot; which deals with a gay man trapped in  a straight relationship; the resigned &quot;Young Offender&quot; which  deals with the uneasy relationship with an older gay man and his younger  lover....; &quot;Go West&quot;, once an anthem of joyous 70's abandonment  for the Village People, now a poignant, wistful hope for a future that  never seems likely to appear on the horizon....; &quot;To Speak Is A  Sin&quot;, which describes the tentative and furtive attempts for men  trying to &quot;find someone&quot; in the gay bar scene;  &quot;Very&quot;  is loud, boisterous, flashy, and BIG on the outside.. just like it's bright  orange cover...  but there is pain, hurt, and uncertainty tempered with a  dash of hope for the future on the inside....  A remarkable album by a  brilliant duo.  Gay or straight, it's a must have disc, one of the very  best recordings of the 90's.
0784011796|5.0|Unfortunately, the odd premise for this movie has set it as something of a punchline in pop culture.  I must admit, the idea of a film based on the ponderance of mathematics sounds...well... geeky.  Yet Pi is undoubtably  one of the greatest, grittiest and urbane modern classics.  I recommend it  to anyone who sees more in life than just daily routine and for anyone who  has a passion for solving problems on a deeper level.  The metaphors for  reason, romance and religion are flawless.  The cinematography is excellent  and well reflective of the story.  I can think of nothing bad about this  film.  Kudos.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Two of the best ever get together and jam.  Everything about the playing is tight.  Not a thing wrong with this CD.  The dialogue is anything but &quot;corny.&quot;  Albert may not have known who &quot;Stevie RAY  Vaughan&quot; was, but after Stevie picked away at his guitar, Albert  remembered the kid from Austin right away.  Mythic recording that has a  permanent place in my CD changer.
B00000899T|3.0|Front man Corgan has changed the bands format and was quoted sayin the smashing pumpkins that you all know and love are dead, shortly after the success of MCIS.  Although Corgans brilliant musical awareness pokes  through to the audience..there was no real music to carry it out.  They  desperately needed a real drummer and not have reverted to the drum machine  of days old gone.  Although Adore was a very personal album for Corgan, I  think he left his fans a bit dry and lusting for the heavy guitars that he  raised us with in such epics like Starla and Zero.  I look foward to  Machina, but am wary of his new found techno-pop sound.
0671578278|5.0|Bujold does it again, absoluotly priceless.  <br />Haveing read Warrior's Apprentice when first published I have to say that Bujold is one of three authors I would reccomend as must read SF.  (Harry Harrison's Stailess  Steel Rat series and C J Cherryh's Company , Chanur, and Foriegner series  are the others).  <br />I loved Warrior's Apprentice.  I fell in love with the  series at the epilouge of Shards of Honor.  (made me cry, no BS... and me a  { now former}soldier ).       Fans of swashbuckling space opera may be a  bit put off by the lack of violence but it's a nice change of pace from so  much of the tripe that is out there.            The dinner scene was  priceless.   &quot;should prove popular with the...Miles, WHAT has that  animal got in it's mouth...&quot; had me in tears.  I should have known  better than to take a Bujold book to work.            How does Bujold do  it?  How does a mom of two in MN write so damn convincinyly in the mind of  not only a certain pint sized Imperial Auditor but all the other charactors  in this book and the past ones? (Mark on Jackson's Whole..)         To the  detractors of this book:   All I can say is please go out immediately and  buy up Cordelia's Honor (Shards of Honor and Barrayar all in one) and Young  Miles (first three Miles books) and get back to me.  Better yet, finish up  with Brothers in Arms, Mirror Dance, ( how did she get the multiple  personality part so right?) Memory and Komarr.  Then get back to me.  This  book is so rich with bits from the past books I could have died.   <br />&quot;Her parents looked nothing so much like, hmmm... like two  teenagers caught screwing on the living room couch.&quot;  Priceless.   <br />One worrysome note, I hope Bujold doesn't end the Vorkosigan series  here.  One thing I'd like to see is stories of the &quot;history&quot; of  Barrayar.  these teasing bits of history in the story like &quot;Lord  Midnight, who always voted Neigh...&quot;  are soooo tempting.  Might we  see a young Count General Piotyr during the Cetagadan Occupation or  possibly Young Aral during Mad Emperor Yuri's rein?  Vorkosigans of the  time of Isolation?  Dorca the Just?  It all beggs for futher detail.  A few  volumes of short stoies from leading Authors would be welcome.  Something  on the line of the Bolo short story series  first created then edited by  Laumer.  <br />Please, Ms Bujold.  Don't leave me hanging for my fix...
0385484518|5.0|Few books in our literary world bring as much humor, tears, and contemplation as Tuesdays with Morrie. Reading this book makes you want to call up a friend with whom you have not spoken, forgive an old debt, or  just sit back and think about you and what you can give to this world.
B00002NDB1|4.0|I think this album is great for a number of reasons. Iron Maiden did'nt saacrifice their sound for it. As soon as &quot;Futureal&quot; begins, you know who it is. And Blaze's vocals sound strong as ever. And the  Bayley/Gers song &quot;Como Estais Amigos&quot; is tremendous, as well as  the rest of the album. The only reason for a 4 star rating and not a 5, is  the ending of &quot;The angel and the gambler&quot; Goes on ust a little  too lon. Although I am glad that Bruce and Adrian are back with Maiden, I  will miss Blaze. I wish him well.
6305627401|5.0|If you come in expecting the same South Park humor, you'll be both a) happy and b) dissapointed. But if you come in expecting something different, you'll love this flick. A great satire about how parnets need to  raise their kids instead of making others suffer for their mistakes, this  is a very funny movie about this problem in America. And having Stan, Kyle,  Cartman, and Kenny explain it is even better. Amid some grossout scenes  (Cartman's mom and the German video) and wild language (never ever let a  child be in viewing distance of this), SP: B,L, &amp; U is a gut bustingly  funny film that comes highly recommended. Oh yeah, Satan and Saddam steal  the show.
0877207518|3.0|Flowers for Algernon a book written by Daniel Keyes. The novel is about a retarded adult call Charlie Gordon he is thirty-three years old. He is a person that has been rejected by society by the reason he is mentally  retarded. He takes test at the Medical Faculty of Beekman College, where  they test his ability on solving maze against Algernon a mouse lab which  the persons responsible of the experiment perform brain surgery to increase  his intelligence. But Charlie has a special gift he has motivation to  succeed in life. Then one day Alice Kinnian his teacher recommended him,to  an experiment that was designed by Professor Nemur, and Dr. Strauss, this  experiment had been tested on a mouse and it showed incredible progress in  so little time, it was also authorize by Charlie's family that always  rejected him and treat like he was nothing. The surgery was done succefully  and as week goes on his IQ score increases, he starts to have a normal  adult life, he felt in love to who it was his teacher. But he still hasn't  find what exactly he was looking for, friends. As time goes by the only  contact that he has is professional and with his girlfriend. But then when  they go to a Conference to  Chicago with Prof. Nemur and Dr.Strauss, he  realices that something wrong is happening to Algernon. He try to find the  answer but as time go by things are getting worst. This is why I considered  that this is a great work of literature, it plays with the emotions of the  characters and not only it show how society affecting another group of  people, is showing that if you don't respect yourself then you will do  anything to be accept it.
B000002UAX|5.0|It is difficult to rate the Beatles albums as everyone has their favorite.  Abbey Road often considered their finest achievement as a band, while Sgt. Peppers the most influential and Revolver the real turning point.  This  album I find is a set of songs showcasing the most talented songwriters of  our time.  The songs are many different directions and introduced styles  that are still used in rock today.  Was Helter Skelter the first metal  song? (Maybe Rain or Paperback Writer for their bass lines).  A lot of  hidden wonders in this album....Savoy Truffle, a fabulous use of the  psychedelic sounds of the 60's, often forgotten on this album.  The  brilliance of order on the 2nd side (considering the original album had 4  sides).  Yes, Revolution #9 could have been left off, but amazingly..it was  still quite influential introducing noise and avardt garde rock.  This  album showed most of the styles of rock that existed at that time and  hundreds of thousands of bands built their careers on one sound from one  song from this album without even knowing it.  Could any other band come up  with so many different ideas musically and lyrically at that time?   Doubtful.  Unlike all the other big bands of the 60's, the Beatles had  multiple singers that could hold their own...McCartney and Lennon with  Harrison on lead guitar.  The brilliance of Ringo has been put down because  he did not add to the songwriting of the Beatles, but his influential style  of beat rock and minimalism drumming has forever changed rock.  Sure Keith  Moon had better chops and Ginger Baker could drum circles around them all  (and later John Bonham), but for influence...Ringo is still there.  Better  than putting in a hundred fills, he knew when to be quiet and he was solid.   He perfectly balanced the style of the Beatles as the vocals and the  melodies in the vocals were often much more important than the song.  The  Stones just never had it...Jagger is an out-of-key singer who sings in  basically one style.  He's got the style to make it all happen...but it was  just him...the Beatles had so much more in front and their words are still  the most analyzed and beautiful of the rock era.  This album showed that  the individuals of the band were brilliant and the joining of these  individuals created the greatest partnership in the history of rock.
B000001EXR|5.0|This is the direction Kiss was headed in before the reunion. They should have not reunited. As much as I like the original members playing together, and as much as Ilike the older albums, this album just destroys them all.  Dont get me wrong, i love the classics, bu this album just crushes your  face. Just look at the next album after this,Psycho Circus. For the most  part, that album shouldn't have been made. And now they are putting  themselves everywhere. It's getting old. Kiss will never top Carnival of  souls
B00000J7J4|1.0|Okay, I admit, I should have known I wouldn't like this CD.  I only knew a couple of the older Santana songs, so I guess I wasn't really familiar with his sound.  But, I bought this one anyway.  After I listened to it twice  (had to give it a second chance), I sold it to a used CD store.  Oh well,  live and learn....
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is so awesome. They make so real life like. Believe me the first time I say it I thought it was real. I never really watch a movie once but this movie I watched 3 times!
B000000W6X|1.0|did not know where to send this but the sampling of the disc on your web site is so bad i could not tell from it if i like the disc or not. thank you
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon is a book that should be read by all.  It is a book about how you can't change yourself.  How you need to accept who you are and not who you want to be.  This book is based on real life problems and situations.  It is about a man, 32 years of age and is retarded.  He gets  an operation done to in increase his IQ but not all goes according to plan.   To find out what happened read this wonderful book.  It would make you sad  and in other parts sometimes happy.  It is a most enjoyable book and you  will appreciate its brilliance.  It makes you think about how misfortunate  a retarded persons life is and how badly they are mistreated.  This book  focuses on that.  I recommend this book to people who like characters who  try to overcome their problems.  This book opened up ideas for me and made  me think about a retarded person's mind, heard and soul.  It shows you that  you need to be able to have trust in someone else beside yourself.
6302860253|5.0|I can't imagine what Maltin was thinking when he panned this video. Firstly, unlike most opera videos, it is a film, not a record of a stage performance, which can be stultifying, however good the production. OK, I  suppose he's only comparing it to regular movies, but that's not the  challenge here. Secondly, it's got Placido Domingo on top form, not just in  his singing, but in his acting, too, as a rather homesick wimp knocked off  his feet with passion. Thirdly, Julia Migenes was born for the role of the  sensuous, carefree, but also dark and doomed Carmen. Even the Paris Opera  extras are superb; take a look at the scene where they dance in the town  square after work. These are real people, in a real place, but transformed  by the music.<br />My copy of this tape got ruined years ago, and I despaired  of getting another copy. Now I'm wondering if it's the moment to get a DVD  player and make this my first purchase.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie was spell-binding from the very beginning!  The special effects were unbelievable, and the story line was incredible. I am a computer support technician and I can relate to this world (matrix)ran by  machines!  <br /> Keanu Reeves was perfect as Neo, he's believable as a  computer hacker and has the physique of &quot;The chosen one&quot;!   Would  watch it again and again...
B00000IZOR|4.0|I had one of these when I was a child and thought it would great if my kids also had one.  They enjoy it as much as I did.  When they get older, it will be a great help in teaching them about the phone.  This is one toy  I recommend to any parent.
0930289234|5.0|Wonderfully realized with vivid, interesting, believable characters. A wild, thoughtful ride, complete with a coherent alternate history that integrates the superheroes well.<br /> Great artwork by Gibbons, with many  memorable images. Great parallel framing and dialogue. Probably spurred  Miller to create something comparable (... unfortunately resulting in his  PC-heavy &quot;Martha Washington&quot; series).<br /> But why stop with comic  books? Although Moore's stuff is always interesting, most comic-book  philosophy is at the pop level. Sounds deep and attractively cynical ...  until you delve. (Thankfully, Moore forgoes such pontifications here.) Read  something serious. Recommendations: &quot;Darwin's Black Box&quot; (Behe),  &quot;Nature's Destiny&quot; (Denton).
B00000253N|5.0|Simply the best 10 songs ever put together on one LP. (even better than most greatest hits LPs) From the classic &quot;Tangled up in Blue&quot;  to my favorite &quot; ... and the Jack of Hearts&quot;, Dylan captures his  listeners attention like a giant fireworks display and wont let you go  until the last track if finished.  A must have in anyones collection.
630526323X|1.0|When I watched the film, it made no sense at all. It was boring and way too weird to watch again. The music of the film is compeletely unbarable and I could barely understand the plot. Max Schreck back in 1922 did much  better than Mr. Klinski. I critisize the film for being a bad  representative of the Vampire myth.
B000002BFZ|4.0|This is my favorite Pearl Jam album.  The only thing that gets me is that its too short at 55min.  This CD is different and the band was in this phase with drummer Jack Irons for to little of a time.  This CD is very  emotional and feels very personnal.  The music is so free and breath  taking.  I recommended this CD to anyone who will give non-Ten songs a  chance and who can sit there and feel these songs.
B000002MY3|5.0|Jagged Little Pill was the first CD I ever bought (in 5th grade!) and I still love it today.(I'm in 8th grade now)  I can relate more to it now more than ever (duh, I've grown a bit)Even though I love the whole CD, my  favorite tracks are Hand In my Pocket, You Learn, You Outta Know, Ironic,  and Head over Feet (That last one IS MY song! )  I like Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie, but it's a bit weird for me.  This album makes a bit  more sense and it'll always be one of my favs.  I definetly recommend it.
B000021Y7W|2.0|Get ready for five minutes of lame advertising at the beginning of this tape.  Except for the movie trailer for Stop Making Sense, which immediately precedes the movie, the remaining advertising is totally  unrelated to David Byrne, the Talking Heads or alternative music.<br />An  example of this outrageous imposition upon customers is advertising for a  concert video of the McGarrigle sisters with the Wainwright family.  This  isn't the worst of it! I would not have purchased the video, had I known  David Byrne's artistry would be marred with this commercial dross.<br />What  is next, five minutes of audio advertising on every CD I purchase?  Since  the integerity of the work obiously has no meaning to the people that put  this together, I am surprized they didn't cut the film up into segments and  intersperse commercials between the songs!<br />If you make it through the  commercials to what you paid for, you will see really inventive  music-making and interesting staging.  I am old enough to remember when  this tour took place and could kick myself for not attending one of the  live shows.
1881273563|5.0|These tapes work to enhance the communication and the love in a relationship.  They help the listeners learn about the ways to show love to their partners.  They also are starting points for intimate conversations  about love and each person's desire for love in the relationship.  They  really do work.
B000002TQV|4.0|To me this is Radiohead's more just rockin' album.  It is more pop radio-friendly to me.  Which doesnt mean anything except that while I am thinking about it and not listening to it I think of it as simply an album  full of popish-hooks.  But when you do listen and get the whole album  experience you realize that calling it a rock album with nice hooks is  way-off.  They evolved very nicley with this album from Pablo Honey (their  first album).  What sets this album apart from other pop-rock is that it  has a really great feel to it.  The songs are intense for a good example,  &quot;Street Spirit (fade out).&quot;  Its not like the normal deep feeling  you get from great artists, its like a great new kind of rock feeling that  just makes your mind numb.  Its some kind of new feeling and man it wakes  you up from your popular rock bore.  At least it did for me.  If you like  Pablo Honey than you will love this album with no problems.  Its great to  hear how this is their bridge to their OK Computer style.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork shows she has a come a long way since her punk band days. The songs on Homogenic are her most mature and confessional, they really express the true Bjork. From the deep bass beat on Hunter, to the classical strings on  Joga, and all the weird little electronica noises in between, this is her  best album by far.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Fue un buen trabajo a pesar de que le banda había sufrido algunos cambios (la llegada de McBrain en Piece of Mind). Es una producción importantísima para la banda ya que se encuentran muchas de las mejores piezas.<br />Esta  nueva versión ECD trae los videos de Aces High y Two Minutes to Midnight.  Lo recomindo 100%
0446310786|5.0|This book was one I was required to read through my high school.  I usually dont enjoy reading bnooks that I amm assigned to but in this case I LOVED IT!  It was full of emotion and friendships that I could totally  relate to.  Harper Lee is a genius and this book is a complete classic
0553274503|4.0|When I read Charlie I thought it was going to be a bad book, I thought I thought it was going to be about a guy that had mental problems. But instead it was a very interesting book about human feelings and human nature; it showed all that he had to become smarter. It was fascinating, because all of the different things he suffers to become intelligent. I  think it that is very impressive how a human being has this obsession and  tries to overcome it. It is fascinating and impressive. Even though it is  a fiction book it is very realistic and human, and shows both sides of the  human nature, (when he was retarded, and when he was smart). I really liked  this book and I really recommended to anyone that wants to have a good read.
0385486804|5.0|This was a great book that provided insight into the mind of a compasssionate man who had the itch to travel.  If you ever wanted to just get up and go then this book is for you... Even if you never felt this way,  it's a book to see how much a wonderful person can effect each and every  person he meets.  It's a great book and a fast read, and very hard to put  down.  I highly recommend it.
0671027344|4.0|This book is one of the best that I have read.  Charlie might not be your everyday teenager, but this fact will either help you relate or open your eyes to what does go on in the lives of the kids that we see in the halls of our schools.  After reading the other reviews i agree somewhat.  I  wouldn't call this a classic but I can't badmouth it either.     The Perks  of Being a Wallflower is about a kid named Charlie.  Charlie is a freshman  in Highschool and at first finds he is lonely.  He decides to attend a  Highschool game and is befriended by Patrick and Sam.  Luckily for Charlie,  these two are quite popular and open his life up to social events and in  turn more friends.  The friendship that these three find in each other is  what most people are always looking for but can never find.  You get to  know charlie as if he were a friend of your own and you get to see how he  reacts to many different situations.  The struggles he and his knew friends  and also in his own family, make you realize how precious life and friends  really are.       If you enjoy a more contemporary type of literature, then  this bok is a must.  Even though it is a little expensive for a  paperback,it is well worth the price.
0399143904|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest action/thriller book that I have ever read. After reading &quot;Op-Center&quot; I really started liking Clancey, but after readin Rainbow Six I found out that Op-Center was nothing  compared to it. People might say it's too long but every single part of the  book matters because he's (Clancey) buliding up the plot with every word. A  must read, especially if you got the game, if you dont go get because it's  just as good.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is an incredible combination of the finest symphony orchestra in the world with the greatest rock band in the world. Michael Kamen (conductor and arranger) is an absolute genious! Never before have such  beautiful sounds been produced. If you've ever heard and liked a Metallica  song, this album will make you love them! An absolute must have in any  Metallica collection. By far my favorite!
B000000WF0|3.0|well i love bitter sweet symphony and sonnet, the drugs dont work and many of the other songs, but it sounds so much like the orginal rock bands, moody blues, fleetwood mac and others. im not that old, but i do know and  love those bands and i can realize how they can bse music on it, but lets  not copy completey. i really do like this cd and think it was well worth  the money and think anyone should buy it because they will enjoy it.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes is a very realistic novel and must be read by everyone. you'll learn that being intelligent is not always the most significant thing in your life and that nobody is perfect. At first,  Charlie's operation was successful however, the relationship between him  and his &quot;friends&quot; became worst. What's important for him is the  acceptance and love. Throughout the book, Charlie's IQ increases but his  painful memories of his past let's him realize that life is short and how  it would have been better for him not to know. As you read this story,  there are some parts which you wouldn't expect to happen. If you don't  finish reading the story, you won't be able to find out the best part of  this book. Everybody should read Flowers for Algernon!
0792151712|4.0|I have seen Titanic three times, twice at the movie theatre, and once on a video.  Each time that I have seen James Cameron's Titanic, it has been from a different perspective.<br />The first time was from a comparative approach to Jean Negulesco's version which I saw at the movies in 1953.  My  summary was that Cameron's Titanic was to a degree far fetched, whereas  Negulesco's version was more realistic because of the time Mr.Negulesco  directed this particular film.  In 1953, it was 41 years after the sinking  of the Titanic occurred, and some of the survivors, their family, relatives  or friends might have been alive, and available to be interviewed for  research that went into the making of this great film.  Cameron might have  directed the 1997 film to accommodate the needs of a present day  audience;  young people seeking to be entertained with lots of adventure, romance,  sex, crass, and the present day god, materialism.<br />The second time I went  to see Titanic was from an impartial perspective.  Taking into  consideration the story line, special effects, and acting performances of  DiCaprio and Winslet, there were shades of Hollywoodism, and even brighter  shades of Sci-Fi.<br />By the time that I saw Cameron's film for the third  time, I was able to flesh out that there was something for the young as  well as the old, and something for the past as well as the present.  For  the young, they were able to enjoy Titanic because the history was only  secondary, as adventure, romance, sex and materialism were primary.  For  the older generation like myself, oh yes, I could fully cherish the special  effects.  At the opening scene of the ocean, it had the same impact as it  did when I saw the 1953 movie, fear, trembling, and a tremendous respect  for the ocean.  I feel as though I can identify with the Titanic, having  sailed on the Cunard ships,the M.V.Georgic, and the RMS Queen Mary. Oh yes,  I was a young girl when I sailed on the Queen Mary, and I so recall with  fondness and love the romance that I had with one of the officers on the  return to New York on the Queen Mary.  Take it from one who has been there,  there is nothing more romantic than having romance on board a ship, there  is you, that other special person and that powerful ocean. I feel somewhat  connected to the Titanic also, because I knew two survivors myself.  One  was my great uncle, a successful businessman who tried to get on board the  Titanic only to be turned away at the gangplank in Southampton, and the  other person, a neighbor of mine who might have sailed on the Titanic if  the girl he loved had turned down his marriage proposal in London only two  weeks earlier.  These late gentleman were survivors of the Titanic, not  direct, but indirect, but survivors.  There was one survivor, Mary Glynn  from the same village my mother came from in Ireland, and the other lady  did not survive, Irene Corbett, an acquaintance of my late father's family.   Both those names can be found on the list of passengers.<br />The end scene  was extremely well handled.  It was powerful.  For the old lady Rose, the  end scene  might have been a dream or reality, but an allegory that the  most valuable gem was meaningless next to everlasting feelings. And then we  see the old lady Rose sleeping happily and peacefully dreaming of the young  Rose being joined by those from the Titanic who had gone before her, and  Jack in a beaufitul and joyful reunion.  That scene was very special for  the older generation because there was something in for all of us, and  especially as we are more accepting of the inevitable, which Mr. Cameron's  handling of it made us all believe that it can be happy.<br />In summation, I  preferred Negulesco's Titanic than Cameron's, but, yes, the present version  of Titanic was worthwhile, and oh yes, I would see it again and again.
B00000IL1K|3.0|I enjoy listening to &quot;Eden&quot; but I really have to be in a melodramatic mood. Sarah's voice is suited to the pieces she chooses to sing (that's good!), but the songs are sometimes overblown and  overproduced, and her voice can get lost underneath it all.  But sometimes  her voice sounds too shrill, as in her version of &quot;My Heart Will Go  On.&quot;  My favorite tracks are &quot;Anytime, Anywhere,&quot; (you'll  recognize the music immediately) in which Sarah's voice is suprisingly  strong; &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; which rolls along with a hint of  country to it; &quot;Deliver Me&quot; is grand enough to be on the big  screen; and &quot;Only An Ocean Away&quot; has an icky beginning, but then  becomes very romantic and epic-like.  <br />As usual, Sarah is fun to listen  to for those with active imaginations.  In some ways I enjoy Eden (which  has a lot of English-language tracks) more than her previous, more subdued  album &quot;Time To Say Goodbye.&quot;  Three out of Five stars because  it's very enjoyable if you like her style.
0671027344|3.0|Stephen Chbosky's book &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; offers a different perspective of childhood; its innocence, blunders, highlights, and inevitable dissipation. However, unlike other 'coming of age' stories,  Chbosky's descriptions and insights of Charlie's significance and often  insignificance, are realistic.  Through Charlie, Chbosky is able to  detail the paranoia of not-belonging that we all so badly fear. In  Charlie's alienation, every reader is able to, at some point, relate to his  loneliness and feelings of utter desperation. It is through such  desperation that the world Charlie views becomes misused, abused- it  unravels and he like a ball of yarn, becomes undone. The realism of such an  event is simply that there are times in which you do not feel like standing  after being repeatedly knocked down, or you do not wish to experience any  more let downs or heartaches. You become accepting of your situation- you  give in. This is the point at which Charlie has the breakdown. It serves as  one of the most pivotal and detrimental portions of the story. It defines  childhood and its naivety, its fragility, and it creates the boundaries  which lie within a child's mind. Charlie surpasses his breaking point, but  there is hope that he will regain control. In this situation, his  predicament, his weaknesses and strength's are emphasized. It is through  such focus that the reader views Charlie as a man.   In contrast to  other books, Chbosky keeps the readers' attention by depicting real life  scenarios, or at the least believable ones. He does not try to impress upon  you his opinions of adolescence, but instead lets you form your own. His  story creates new, shrewd insights on what we so casually label childhood.
B0000027D5|5.0|If I could own one Santana album, it would most certainly be this--Lotus, live from 1973.  The jamming on this album makes Santana what he is today--a legend.
1570427496|4.0|I recently purchased the book &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; from a book club that sells Christian based literature.  To my surprise, the book had a disclaimer on the front dust cover that said it was a version of the book I  had thought I had purchased.  I have read this version, and do not feel  there are any holes in the fabric.  But just what am I missing with this  version, anyway?
B000002UAX|5.0|To those who claim the Beatles were not good musicians....you're nuts.<br />Virtuosity was never a prerequisite for making good rock music. One of the Beatles virtues, among many, was that they didn't operate by  standard rules, and were uninhibited by their instruments and didn't play  with any proper technique or thoery. Not unlike the Stones, The Who, or  nearly every other damn rock band that's been successful.<br />That said, the  Beatles were very compitent rock musicians, especially Ringo, the most  maligned of the four. Ask any real dummer what he thinks of Ringo and he'll  tell you that he did some very subtle things that have been virtually  unsurpassed. <br />The White Album is a classic.
B000002UAU|5.0|Wow. These guys are pretty good. They kind of have that 60's Retro Brit Pop thing going. Oasis are one of favorite bands, so I was really psyched to hear another group that kind of sounds like them. It's really cool the  way they really make it sound like an album from the sixties, by using real  orchestra and no synthesizers. It sounds like Rick Rubin might have  produced it. Does anyone know if they still play out? I'd love to hear how  if they can pull it off live. Can anyone reccomend another cd by these  guys? I'm always on the lookout for new music.
6305594252|5.0|The special edition of Stargate certainly is worth buying. The deleted scenes are very interesting and create an even stronger atmosphere. I will never ever watch the normal version of the movie again.<br />But there is one  big catch: The picture quality of the DVD really is bad. But if you liked  Stargate, then i definitly recommend this DVD.
B000020617|5.0|An excellent purchase if I must say. And I never thought they'd ever top Colour and the Shape. Best of the three Foo cd's and they even include a video for Learning to Fly along with all of the lyrics for the songs. Buy  this and see them in concert. Foo Figthers rock.
0767802659|1.0|This film is virtualy unwatchable... on par with Showgirls.  To stupid for adults... and beyond too violent for children.  A lot like RoboCop.<br />Hmmm... Showgirls... RoboCop...same director too.<br />Stear clear
0395389496|5.0|A wonderful story that warms the hearts of those who wish to believe in the magic of Santa Claus.  A richly written and illustrated description of a young boys experience as he is carried to the North Pole in time to see Santa before he leaves on his journey to visit children the world over on  Christmas eve.  Picked from the crowd of other boys and girls also on the  Polar Express, the child chooses the first gift of christmas. Upon his  return home he discovers that the gift he has chosen has become lost.  Awakening Christmas morning he finds a note from Santa and a special  surprise that he is able to enjoy for the rest of his life.  A gift for all  of those who still believe. . . .  You will probably enjoy this more than  your children will.
B00000JPH4|5.0|As a Jim Henson buff, I had to have this film.  Having seen it in the theaters, and also on the Image Laserdisc presentation (completed shortly after Henson's death), I can say that the DVD version of The Dark Crystal  is the finest version available.  Besides the standard excellent picture  quality, you get many extras such as deleted scenes, bios, ALL available US  and International trailers, and a &quot;making of&quot; feature.  Considering how many films only give you the movie and a trailer, you  really get a full disc of entertainment with Dark Crystal.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Before you read this review please take to heart that this movie is not an &quot;action flick&quot; nor does it contain mindless violence followed by an incoherent and awful storyline, i.e., Arnold Schawrzenegger movies... <br />David Fincher is a exellent director showing off superb Camera work from  start to finish. Acting is also pulled of extremely well by the likes of  Brad Pitt and Edward Norton. While I was sceptic to see a movie with  someone as &quot;trendy&quot; as Brad Pitt starring, his acting  overshadowed my doubts.<br />As not to spoil your viewing pleasure, I will not  reveal any of the story and I encourage you to watch this movie whether on  Movie, DVD, Cinema, etc...
B000002L42|3.0|College students used to listen to this music in the '70s.  It is jazzy and complicated, for pop music.  It was all part of the cynical reaction to 60s idealism (&quot;Only A Fool Would Say That&quot;, as one early song  said) There's a fair number of hits on this release.  The band is  first-rate, with no less than former Weather Report drummer Peter Erskine  on about a third of the numbers.  If you're a Steely Dan fan, then you can  already guess how this album sounds.  The only surprise is &quot;Book of  Liars&quot;, featuring a vocal by Walter Becker.  The liner notes,  presumably by Fagen, are fun, especially a satire of the poem  &quot;Howl&quot; about life on the road.  An unremarkable but enjoyable  souvenir of what may be Dan's last go-around.
B00000JPHD|5.0|I remember seeing this on television back in the '70's and loving it and to me this film is still as strong as ever. Is it scary? no, but it is a moody, dark film that draws one in.  A lot of people slag Lugosi's  performance, but I think you have to take into account the time period and  the fact that Lugosi came straight from performing on stage, that is why he  uses his eyes and exagerated body motions because that is the background he  came from.  The overall acting in this film is very good, the sets and the  surroundings are very well-done for the time and really set the standard  for American monster films for about the next ten years.  The film does  peak early and gets a little thin and rushed towards the end, but the  acting stays solid and keeps this film going. Now about the new soundtrack,  I was interested so I bought the version with the new soundtrack. The first  time I watched it, I thought the music was a little too strong and a little  loud, but after I watched the film for the third time then I really began  to appreciate it and now I think it really adds to the film. The original  trailer is also a big bonus to the new release.  If you want to be scared  then go rent some cheapo '80s slasher flick, but if you want to see a  classic monster film then this is the one for you.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I saw heard most of this on MTV, and I thought it was pretty cool. The *idea*, though not original, of having an orchestra perform with a band like Metallica is great, but only to back up the existing music. I got the  impression that the orchestra was throwing *too* much into the songs, and  it kind of sounded forced and overdone in a lot of places. If you want good  rock with an orchestra, my suggestion would be to have a listen to Yngwie  Johann Malmsteen's Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar and Orchestra in E  Flat Minor Opus 1--now *that's* pure genius. Aside from all that, this  album is good except for the parts where it sucks.
B00000IQC8|5.0|In short the greates movie ever made.Smith is a greatest writer ever weather it comic books or movies. everything he touches turns to gold.
B00000JCB2|1.0|...is how Limp Bizkit has been described, and that pretty much hits the nail on the head.  Durst &amp; co. mainly appealed to beer-addled frat rats and p___ed off 14 year old skate rats.  Do yourself a favor, and check out  some good music, like Mr Bungle, Firewater, Phylr, or Nick Cave and the Bad  Seeds.  &quot;Break Stuff?&quot;  Why not start with the Limp Bizkit CD's  in your collection.
B00000IQC8|5.0|In short the greates movie ever made.Smith is a greatest writer ever weather it comic books or movies. everything he touches turns to gold.
0792836014|4.0|Absolutely a must-have for an Elvis fan's video collection. The included theatrical trailer was something that I had never seen before.  The concert is great, but it's more interesting to see behind the scenes how he  arranged the music with his band.  This is the Elvis that I like to  remember.<br />I agree with other reviewers that the sound is below par, but  you have to consider the quality of sound equipment avaiable in 1970,  compared to the equipment now.  DVD is great, but just like CD, it reveals  flaws in the original recording that may have never been heard  before.<br />Nonetheless, I still plan to buy any Elvis concert DVD's I can  get for my collection.
6302800420|5.0|A superlative example of how comedy can be successfully combined with warmth and pathos. The picture succeeeds in its honest depiction of the frustrating world of the unemployed actor and the mistreatment of  professional women by ther male contemporaries. Film has terrific  one-liners - One that is delivered to Hoffman's 'Dorothy is 'Don't you find  being a woman in the '80's complicated?' to which he/she replies  'Extremely'. (We believe him! ), and terrific comic gems, one of the best  being when in an attempt to strengthen his soap opera character Hoffman  spontaneously creates his/her own dialogue.Don't miss the beautiful last  scene. A classic in the sense of 'Some Like It Hot'. See it!
B000003BF1|5.0|A lot of people loathe what the Stones have become, but all the Stones' detractors should buy this album: it will make believers out of 'em. This is deep, ferocious, rock 'n' roll--they even surpassed their sources in  black blues and rock.  Though ringed with humor (from the title--a shot at  the Beatle's &quot;Let It Be&quot;--to the &quot;Country Honk&quot; at the  end) this record is a deadly serious comment on everything good and bad  about the '60s.  Finally, &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is maybe the best rock  song ever (top 10 anyway), both terrifying and beautiful.
B000002VFW|5.0|I only listen to top-notch, first rate material.  I want nothing less in my music collection, absolutely no filler allowed!  Lisa Stansfield's still outstanding U.S. debut is the kind of album that belongs in my library of  sounds.  It's one of those rare albums that manages to balance the fire and  enthusiasm of a brilliant, gifted new singer, sharp, solid production and a  batch of songs that still don't sound dated, even 10 years later.  You all  know the hits; the impeccable &quot;All Around The World&quot; with it's  hushed spoken word intro and sweeping orchestral arrangement, &quot;This Is  The Right Time&quot; which ushered in a new era of dance music, and fairly  explodes with joyful, girlish glee. Just give it a spin and it's techno  sound is just as refreshing as it was in 1990.  My personal favorites have  always been &quot;The Love In Me&quot; featuring a note perfect trumpet  solo that actually lifts the song to an ecstatic crescendo and a driving  beat that never lets up, &quot;Affection&quot; &quot;Sincerity&quot;,&amp;  &quot;Just The Way You Want It&quot; the funkiest tracks on the album, and  the (well deserved) Number 1 R&amp;B hit &quot;You Can't Deny It&quot; are  all flawless.  Every one of these songs is anchored by the real star of  this set, Ms. Stansfield's miraculous voice.  From deep, sensual tones, to  throaty, thick, sexy crooning, this woman's instrument is positively  addictive.  Unjustly criticized for being too 'disco' at the time of it's  release, &quot;Affection&quot; hasn't aged a day and has my vote as one of  the essential albums of the 90's.  It's solid from start to finish, and  again there is no filler to be found here.  It re-introduced dance music to  clubs, pop radio, and blew up on r&amp;b stations worldwide as well, but  never comes across as trite or overtly commercial.  All modern music should  be this good.  A Perfect Album. Period.
B00001U0GQ|3.0|Saw the DVD version last night.  I must say after much anticipation, I was quite disappointed in the Director's Cut (DC).  Many scenes were lengthened leading to long, awkward lapses in time with a little jump in the screen at  the end.  Little jump really annoyed me.  The &quot;disagreement&quot;  scene with Duncan as mentioned before was deleted (Why?) as well as  Clannad's &quot;I will find you&quot;. All this in the hopes of relaying  the director's vision, which I thought had to do more with the Mohicans and  their plight than the actual love story between Hawkeye and Cora.  In the  end, I came away with comparing the DC to a cheaper version of Dances With  Wolves (also released at about the same time, maybe that's why the studio  cut their version).  I respect the fact that Mann wanted his audience to  view his cut, but at least give us the option between that and the original  (perhaps on the other side of the DVD).  The addtional features are also a  major disappointment.  No Theatrical Trailer, no cast biographies, no  director commentary, etc.  The only features it has are subtitles (which  were helpful in some scenes), and Scene Selection.  Will now hold my breath  for another version to find its way to me with expanded features and, of  course, the theatrical release.
B000002P5R|5.0|Absolutely amazing!  From the funky earthiness of &quot;Freedom&quot; through the poetic simplicity of &quot;Belly Button Window&quot;, this album gives you a true feel as to how talented Hendrix really was.   &quot;Hey Baby (New Rising Sun)&quot; is a mellow, translucent, and  beautiful number.  It is an album that, on one hand, is so calming it can  put you in a daze, and on the other hand, can be so inspiring, you feel as  if you could get up and play the &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; just as  Jimi did at Woodstock.  You definitely won't be wasting your money when you  buy this, but you could be making a big mistake by passing it off.
0783222734|5.0|Another triumph for director Stephen Spielberg!  Great cinematography and animation make this pure entertainment for the whole family.  It does the Michael Crighton book justice even though the film's ending doesn't quite  match the conclusion of the novel.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon was written by the author Daniel Keyes.The story is about a grown retarded man that through a very advanced experiment he subsequently became a genius.Now that he is smart he has to overcome problems of his past and the problem he will have on his near by future  ... He will try to overcome them with the person he  loves Miss Kinnian. I' d give this book a 4 because it teached me a lot  about how humans are with retarded people...
B00000IPAX|4.0|&quot;Enema of the State&quot; is an great CD. The songs were catchy and I was singing along by my second listen.<br />The one thing I don't like about Blink-182 concerns Travis, the drummer. He just doesn't look like he's  having as much fun as he did in the past with the Aquabats(whom I remain a  huge fan of)... I dunno, he just doesn't seem to have the energy he did  when he fought evil and wore an anti-negativity helmet. Now he's driving  his Range Rover with beautiful women and a big bank account. There's  something wrong with that... I think.<br />I digress. &quot;Enema&quot; is a  great album. Buy it. I recommend it, and that should be enough to convine  you to buy it and love it.
6305603847|5.0|It seems we the public enjoy this film more than the filmmakers, judging by their intriguing (and at times silly) commentary, but it's no matter because at least they've treated it with the respect we hoped they  would.<br />The transfer is lovely to behold; sheer perfection. The commentary  (Roger Waters and Gerald Scarfe) really is quite entertaining and  informative. The sound quality is excellent (although I don't have the  proper system to give you a more specific critique of the sound). The  documentaries (one old, one new) are fascinating and comprehensive. And the  best thing could be the menu design - breathtaking visuals and clever  design (it knows when you've accessed a submenu once already, for  exaample).<br />In short, PINK FLOYD THE WALL is a great movie served well by  an outstanding DVD presentation.
089845865X|5.0|The title of this book is Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and the author is Roald Dahl.This book is about a poor kid named Charlie who won a ticket out of a candy bar, and got to go to Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory. He  was the only kid that was not greedy. So Willy Wonka gave him the grand  prize. I like this book because it is exciting and funny. It makes your   imagination go like when one of the girls got a hold of gym that taste like  a meal, and when it got to the desert it was blueberry pie. When she got to  it she became bloated and blue. The illustrations are great and the author  explains the book well.
6300216047|4.0|I brought this VHS home last night thinking it might be entertaining to watch after 31 years, since the last time I saw it. I have to say I was knocked out by it. I'd forgotten the opening strip tease, but it put me in mind of the weightless sequence in &quot;2001:A Space Odessey&quot;. This  is almost a send-up of the Pan Am flight attendant in the latter film, and  the connection is the interest in weightlessness as a metaphor for a  culture pre-occupied with technology and the future. The sense of style and  design is a fabulous display of period interests and keeps the flavor of  the original French comic strip. The voice of Joan Greenwood dubbed over  Anita Pallenberg is too perfect, as is the soundtrack for the film. This is  a great time to see this movie, as we approach the next century. It is a  superb document of the concerns of that decade and beyond. All the issues  are there with a great energy that pulses through the film without taking  itself at all seriously. A must for my video library.
B00003000M|5.0|I don't like tribute albums.  I can think of few albums I like where people sing other people's songs as a so-called tribute to them.  That's why I was pleasantly surprised to see that this collection is not a typical  tribute album, though the CD cover and the Lauryn Hill marketing might make  you think otherwise.  Quite simply, these are some of Bob Marley's best  songs (better than many you hear all the time) performed by the best singer  -- Bob Marley.  Yes, it's his voice, complemented nicely (subtlely) by  artists who clearly respect that the key to the songs is the man who wrote  them -- his voice and his message -- and not anything they have to say.  If  all tribute albums were this good, maybe I'd be more inclined to buy one  every once in a while.  Highlights include Johnny Was with Guru and  Rastaman Chant with Busta Rhymes.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Clapton has done it again. Chronicles may be another greatest hits in a light disguise, but it still carries his legendary performances. I still get chills everytime I hear the song, &quot;It's in the Way that You Use  it.&quot;
B00002E233|5.0|This movie sure packs a punch. For all you action/horror fans out there, this movie is the right choice for you. First time i saw this movie i noticed from time to time, that my feet were 5 inches from the floor and i  squeezed my chair handles tightly. Sharks are really well done, and are  MUCH bigger than the shark in jaws. I've seen reviews where this movie is  being compared to jaws, but believe me it's nothing like that. Special  effects are SUPERB, the sharks look really authentic. Soundtrack in the  movie also rocks and keeps the action going. The best part in the movie is  that you don't know who's going to die next. Deep blue sea is a movie with  unique quality. Renny Harlin sure does know how to make good entertaining  action pack. Buy this movie, i can quarantee you won't regret it.
0920668372|5.0|Beautiful best describes this book.  Any parent will will be touched by how closely this story of unconditional love comes to capturing the real feeling.<br />I dare you to read this to your kids with out choking up!
0553565915|4.0|I think this book was exeptionally inspirationalto anyone who reads it. The book is about a woman who is in the hospital having surgery and dies. She tells about her expirence and what happens. The part I liked the most  is were she tells about the garden and the beutiful rose.  The book was  happy , sad, and most of all, hopeful and inspirational. I recommend this  book to a person with deep spirtual and religous beliefs. I hope you enjoy  this book as much as I did!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Well, to many this CD might be &quot;just a live version of old songs&quot;. It's nothing to buy because you previously owned them. This is so not true! This album is truly a masterpiece. I could be considered  &quot;biased&quot; as I'm a huge fan of Alanis but I also have a wide range  of musical tastes and I can assure you that I love this CD for its content.  <br />The new revisions of older songs is simply breath-taking and beautiful.  I love the meloncholy, 'blusy', and 'jazzy' type feels to every song.  Hearing Morissette live is always a treat because of this and her addition  of words (&quot;I am aware now...I like to think that I am.&quot;) and  notes, and a great deal of other things.<br />Hearing flute on TIWBG and  Deron's back-up vocals on King of Pain is remarkable. And who 'can't not'  love her thought-out lyrics and interesting metaphors? Not to mention her  use of one's &quot;poetic license&quot; in many songs. Truly a treat. I  would recommend buying it.
6300182282|5.0|I saw this movie about 20 years ago and will always consider it my favorite. Just recalling those days of loneliness in my heart and the way I felt connected to this movie still brings a sad smile to my face. It was  such a touching story!   You'll never forget this one.
044022425X|5.0|I have read the entire Outlander Series.  I fell in love with Jamie during the first series, the Outlander.  His charming wit and sense of humor was more than a match for Claire.  I am waiting on pins &amp; needles for the  5th of the series, The Fiery Cross.  I'm sure it will more than match the  previous books.  Keep up the excellent work Diana.
0385474547|4.0|The book uses oral history and parables to illustrate the many facets of humanity.  I think too many readers focus in on the literal and don't understand that the author is really giving us a story of life in all its  wonderful, silly, humane and tragic episodes.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd has all the qualities of a greatest hits album except the songs are made even better by the addition of the orchestra. No Leaf Clover is a well done new song and Fuel was redone very impressively and was made even  more fast paced because of the orchestra.
B00000JCEC|5.0|I have listened to this album over and over again.  All the songs are his best.  Amazon has a good bargain on this CD right now, and I highly recomend it to every customer.!
B000001Y5J|5.0|PHM was subtle, dark, disturibing. TDS was a sleek killing machine with the slogan &quot;nothing can stop me now&quot; pained on its hood in blood, and the fragile is an enygma of beautiful musical soundscapes and musical  innovations that will take your breath away.<br />NIN's unnofficial 2.nd  album, Broken, is pure anger and angst. This thing will grab you by the  throat and never let you go, pausing only briefly at track number #4,  before crushing you down with 5 tons of steel machinery and human screams  in 'happines in slavery'. this is DIGITAL ANGER at its best, this is every  angry minds outlet, this is pure genius. and before you know it, the storm  suddenly stops, leaving you confused, making you press the play button on  the cd player again and again.<br />This CD is the most condensed  anger&amp;fury filled music you will ever hear. And the kicker? ITS  actually smart angry music, not some useless loud banging with  suicide-ladden lyrics.
B000002BUY|5.0|Back in December of 1997, I was going to see 311 live, and I saw this band named Incubus who I had never heard of on the ad, and I didn't expect much from them. Boy was I wrong. They completely blew me away, and just ruined  311's performance for me, they were so good. I immediately went and bought  the cd, and it is amazing. Like the other people said, fans of Faith No  More will really like this, as will fans of Korn, Limp Bizkit, deftones,  etc. They are pretty heavy, but they add excellent funk bass lines, awesome  drum grooves, and very interesting DJ tricks. Fortunately, none of these  things overshadow the best part of this group, the singer. He is amazing,  his voice is crystal clear and perfectly balances the heaviness with his  dynamic voice and strange,yet cool lyrics. This is definetly a cd that you  should own if you dont already, because it will be one that never leaves  your cd player.
B00001ODHL|5.0|This movie is quite possibly one of the greatest movies of all time.  It has an incredible balance of humor, special effects, storyline and general ingenuity.  This movie has an amazing assortment of famous &quot;one  liners&quot;.  It is not a movie for people who lack imagination or have no  appreciation for the absurd.  If you like Monty Python, Im pretty sure  youll like this too.<br />As for the DVD itself, I personally am quite happy  with it.  The sound is quite good, despite what some other reviews have  reported.  The picture has moments where it is fairly grainy, or even  downright damaged looking, but these areas were even worse in the VHS  version.  For the most part, the remastering is excellent and the picture  is incredibly crisp.<br />I think the remastered version is a must have.  It  has a great assortment of goodies and is all around a fabulous value  (considering the movie is just so downright awesome).  I dont recommend  getting the directors cut or the &quot;limited edition&quot; set unless  youve already seen this movie and want the added information and  &quot;behind the scenes&quot; stuff because you like it *that* much.  Dont  get the directors cut for the picture quality or the sound.. it just isnt  there.  Get it for the extra content.<br />My 5 star rating is more for the  movie itself rather than the DVD version, though I think if youre even  going to buy this flick to begin with, you would be silly to get VHS.  Dont  forget also that a lot of film imperfections are handled by a quality dvd  player, and good cables are important too.
0060926317|4.0|Although her writing style leaves much to be desired, the message is phenomenal! I think that this book should be on people's &quot;Must Read&quot;list for the new millenium. Great for those seeking to deepen  your spiritual understanding of your oneness with the Universe
B000002BE9|5.0|This album has character.  Fiona's haunting vocals sends chills and every song works on her album.  Her songwriting technique is smart, classic, and in some ways perplexing.  It starts off with &quot;Sleep To Dream&quot; and  continues on a journey of mystical sounds of her piano and her enchanting  voice.  &quot;Shadowboxer&quot; is my personal favorite.  This is an  excellent album and I would recommend it to any music lover
0782011098|5.0|Father Goose is a lot of fun and is arguably Cary Grant's funniest and finest film. <br />Yes, he was great in Charade, North by Northwest, Notorious, etc -- but here his honed skills and comedic timing pay off in  his funniest film and is well worth seeing. You don't have to be a Cary  Grant fan to enjoy this film -- but after seeing it, you will be. FG was  niominated for Best Picture (Musical/Comedy) by the Golden Globe and won an   Oscars for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay - Written Directly for the  Screen in 1965. The cast, production, direction, photography, story -- all  are top notch. <br />The film looks great on DVD -- albeit mysteriously  truncated from to 2.35 to 1.85. The compositions still look good but the  full scope imagery of the South Pacific adds greatly to the visual impact  of this film and deserves to be shown.<br />That Touch of Mink is presented in  its proper 2.35 aspect ratio. This is a much different film. As Matlin put  it, this is silly fluff -- but good fluff. Upper-Sandusky wholesome Doris  meets New York sophisticated Cary. Pretty good but both actors did much  better in other films.<br />Included with both films are brief bios and  filmographies of the priniciples. TTOM includes a trailer. That's all. No  further extras. Neither mono film is 16x9 enhanced.
B000002WAD|4.0|Back in 1988 when Rick Astley first came onto the music scene, I thought he would have his hit and then just fade away.    True, the Stock Aitken and Waterman songs sound identical, but Rick's vocal and guitar work help  to break some of the monotony.   I have had this album since it was  released and if you only listen to the S.A.W. hits, then you would not  think this is a good effort at all.<br />Pass on those and listen to his  originals like &quot;Slipping Away,&quot; &quot;No More Looking For  Love,&quot; and &quot;You Move Me,&quot; those three are just awesome!  To  end it all, he really gives a beautiful rendition of the standard  &quot;When I Fall In Love&quot; that squashes the later version put out by  Celine Dion.  He does it a-la Nat King Cole style that pushes this record  to the 4 star limit.  Not quite 5 because of the cheesy S.A.W. production.   <br />Rick deserves a hand for his TALENT.  Enough said.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matriz is a non-stop ride.  The way the effects moe smoothly across the screen and you can barely tell that they aren't real is amazing.  This movie ranks up there with Star Wars as one of the best sci-fi movies of all  time.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This has to be the best thing to happen to metal in a long time. The dramatic effects of the orchestration significantly enhances the stresses intended by the performers. Although this is not a new concept, I was  astounded by the perfect chord combinations and overall compatability of  the two forms of music. I recommend this to anyone of either metal or  symphonic tastes.
B000031XCR|5.0|CELINE'S VOICE WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST UNTIL ETERNITY. THOSE WHO CRITICIZE HER ARE SUPER JEALOUS BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE &quot;CRAB MENTALITY.&quot; OR MAYBE, JUST SIMPLE ILLITERATE PEOPLE, HA! STOP BEING THE JUDAS' IN THIS  SITE FOR CELINE'S POWER CAN OVERTHROWN YOUR STUPID REMARKS. THIS ALBUM  SHOWCASES THE VARIETY OF MUSIC THAT CELINE CAN SING. HER MAGNIFICENT VOICE  PROVES TO BE MORE POWERFUL WITH THE ADDITION OF 7 NEW SONGS. &quot;THEN YOU  LOOK AT ME,&quot; &quot;I WANT YOU TO NEED ME,&quot; AND &quot;LIVE&quot;  ARE EXCELLENT SONGS YOU WON'T FORGET IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE. cELINE, WE LOVE  YOU SO MUCH!
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon is great book about a 32 year old man named Charlie, who battles his way to fight his mental retardation. He battles his oun self with the world that revolves around him. He makes a living with a man called Mr. Donner wich gives him a job at the bakery. He also attends a  school for retarted adults, were he meets a women that teaches him called  Alice. Later she recomends charlie for an experiment.   This becomes and  experiment preformed  by Dr. Strauss wich with added abrain tissue to  enhance charlies way of learning and understanding. He later has a  realationship with a great sopport in his life and learns more than he ever  will with her than in any book or school wich is love.
B000031XCR|5.0|CELINE'S VOICE WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST UNTIL ETERNITY. THOSE WHO CRITICIZE HER ARE SUPER JEALOUS BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE &quot;CRAB MENTALITY.&quot; OR MAYBE, JUST SIMPLE ILLITERATE PEOPLE, HA! STOP BEING THE JUDAS' IN THIS  SITE FOR CELINE'S POWER CAN OVERTHROWN YOUR STUPID REMARKS. THIS ALBUM  SHOWCASES THE VARIETY OF MUSIC THAT CELINE CAN SING. HER MAGNIFICENT VOICE  PROVES TO BE MORE POWERFUL WITH THE ADDITION OF 7 NEW SONGS. &quot;THEN YOU  LOOK AT ME,&quot; &quot;I WANT YOU TO NEED ME,&quot; AND &quot;LIVE&quot;  ARE EXCELLENT SONGS YOU WON'T FORGET IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE. cELINE, WE LOVE  YOU SO MUCH!
0767817478|5.0|I will admit that this is a cheesy popcorn movie.  If you have a basic TV setup or are buying it on VHS, I agree with many of the other reviewers here that you should pass on this one. However, if you have invested in a  home theater system, this DVD is *essential* for your collection.  The  sound transfer to Dolby Digital 5.1 will let you test the limits of your  speaker system.  The 6-channel helicopter scenes literally chase throughout  your living room, and the fantastic action sequences are explosive on a  big-screen TV.  The low-frequency effects from the sub-woofer channel (the  &quot;.1&quot; in Dolby Digital 5.1) will make the pictures hanging on your  walls tremble, when Godzilla is pounding his way through the New York City  streets. Your neighbors will hate you, but you will love the entertainment  value of this DVD.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has come a long way from their debut album &quot;When Dream And Day Unite&quot;. Anyone who has been following this Long Island based band for the past 10 years would have noticed something very different  about the band: Dream Theater has matured. Not only does it show in their  songwriting, but also in the fact that there is very very little sensless  shredding on this album. Every piece of music was written very carefully  and accurately to convey whatever message required. The melodies are  powerful, lyrics are poetic, and the theme is... simply amazing. A far cry  from their debut. <br />Images and Words(their second album) incorporated  Metropolis Pt I, but that song was very dense and compact. Now, with a full  album at their disposal, DT actually focuses on the story behind the song  rather than pure blazing speed and technique. (although there is a bit of  that occasionally) Metropolis II: Scenes From A Memory is a powerful and  moving audio movie, and probably the best DT has produced in their 10 yr  career.<br />This album is highly recommended for any audience who simply wish  to enjoy a nice evening of musical euphoria.
0684833395|5.0|The recent passing of J. Heller will hopefully reignite the spotlight on this great book written by a remarkable man.  The world is a poorer place with this loss.
630516889X|5.0|I can still remember first seeing this movie and saying to myself...&quot;what a totally awsome concept&quot;. I was amazed at how different this flick was from what was coming out during that time. The  music score, the suspense, the hot jungle, the invisible evil thing, and no  cops to come to your rescue. &quot;...200 rounds...full pack...&quot; This  movie ROCKS.
B000002J2D|5.0|The last great album the boys did,as essential as any of them. I have been listening to it for years (especially during the winter)and I never get bored of it. Truly a special album.Enjoy!
0790735431|1.0|As the old saying goes, the makers of this film didn't let facts or realism get in the way. Speaking of the movie crew, not the real one, how they survived 25 missions is beyond me. They fought each other more than  they did the 109s. In the scenes showing formations of B-17s one hears a  cello concert instead of the rumble of all those piston engines. Inside the  cockpit, the crew appears to be sitting in their living rooms listening to  serene music, so quiet and relaxing. While under attack by ME-109s two  waist gunners fight with each other because of a &quot;kick me&quot; type  sign one pastes on the others back. Radio chatter sounds as if coming  through a modern amplifier and speakers, totally unrealistic. This film did  an injustice to the real Memphis Belle and her crew. This film did not draw  the viewer in, he is merely a spectator watching a fantasy. The mission  seemed like a fun jaunt that we would all enjoy going on. A &quot;Saving  Private Ryan&quot; it is not. For a much better film of this genre, try the  1962 B&amp;W  &quot;Warlover&quot; with Steve McQueen and Robert Wagner.  These were real B-17s, not models. Excellent.
0141301066|5.0|A magnificent book from beginning to end.  A book that is full of frustration and neglect may sound terrible, but it grabs you and makes your hands glued to the book so you want to see what happens to Matilda.  I  loved it because it was extremely well-thought, plus I like any  book with  any kind of magic in it (of course).
B00000D9TQ|4.0|Of course the lyrics are about love and the social commentaries ultra-PC. Of course the voice is smooth and the melodies catchy. This is, after all, a musician, singer and songwriter who was never in a hurry to hide his identity as a pop performer. And was never ashamed of it.<br />And at his peak he was very good at it.<br />Though fitting snugly into the damned territory of \\"MOR\\", Phil Collins stood out from the crowd with his craft and the sheer joy of his performances. His drumming is always well done, and his instantly identifiable tenor tends to leap out to grab you at key moments -- \\"Against All Odds\\" was melodramatic balladeering of the highest order; \\"A Groovy Kind of Love\\" is a mellow but touching remake; \\"Another Day in Paradise\\" features killer backing vocals by David Crosby and an immediately affecting keyboard line; \\"In the Air Tonight\\" is apocalyptic and powerful; and \\"Separate Lives\\" (written by Stephen Bishop) delivers a biting confrontational lyric using . And unlike so many other pop performers, Collins often succeeds in giving some edge to his music -- the drums that burst forth onto \\"In the Air Tonight\\" and \\"Another Day in Paradise\\"; the throbbing strings on \\"Against All Odds\\" (courtesy of Arif Mardin), soaring vocals on \\"Separate Lives\\" (with help from duet partner Marilyn Martin) -- his background drumming for Genesis and Robert Plant may have given him the valuable knowledge that fluff without some kind of needling in its midst tends to float and then dissipate.<br />Many a sneering musician today, who would scoff at the thought of listening to \\"Phil Collins\\", could learn a thing or two from this sly, crafty songwriter. Aside from his mid-'90s trendchasing (starting with Both Sides and then more grievously on Dance into the Light), Collins has succeeded grandly in making his music powerful in its own way.
6302968143|4.0|I loved this movie.....too many good things to mention them all....Bette Midler was terrific (OK...they could have done without the chipmunk teeth) and the plot was the purfect story for Halloween.  Loved the soundtrack  (particularly Midler's &quot;I Put A Spell On You&quot;) which of course is  my primary beef....What happened to it? Wanted to add it to my collection  but apparentally it was never released (although the end credits say there  was one).  Does anyone know out there?
B000001EHS|4.0|And Vault, despite what rock purists may say about greatest-hits collections (ie. the songs should be considered in the context of their albums, etc.), is a great example of a greatest-hits album putting the  music in better light than ever before.<br />Def Leppard albums tended to have  their share of filler material, so a collection of their best songs works  remarkably well.  Critics from Rolling Stone have on numerous occasions  mentioned, quite accurately, that Def Leppard's strength lies in songcraft,  arrangement and studio detail.  And it was on individual pop-metal gems  like &quot;Love Bites&quot; (aided greatly by a stinging lead guitar that  lends strength to the ballad, as with &quot;Bringin' on the  Heartbreak&quot;), &quot;Rocket&quot; (thankfully, the wasteful &quot;Whole  Lotta Love&quot;-ish middle section, the product of producer R.J.  &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange's noodling, is excised; here the song appears in its  single version); &quot;Hysteria&quot;, &quot;Foolin'&quot;, &quot;Have You  Ever Needed Someone So Bad&quot; and &quot;Photograph&quot;.  It is  unfortunate that a) Joe Elliott's vocals did sound progressively like Bryan  Adams over Def Leppard's career, and not in a good way; b) though drummer  Rick Allen admirably carried on after the loss of his arm, his drumbeats  post-Pyromania sound stiff and can never go beyond a techno-drone  mid-tempo; and c) &quot;White Lightning&quot;, the band's 1992 tribute to  late guitarist Steve Clark and one of the band's strongest '90s songs, was  not included on Vault.<br />In the '90s, Def Leppard does sound dated and  almost a little overproduced.  Still, at its peak, the band's songcraft was  catchy and its energy infectious.
B000002C2E|5.0|Dylan is in the twilight of his life (and, perhaps, his career).  It is this sense of dimming days that permeates this recording, both lyrically and musically.  There is not the anger and bitterness of &quot;Blood on the  Tracks&quot; nor the drive of &quot;Oh Mercy.&quot;  Instead, Dylan is  contemplative, and seemingly resigned to life slowing and coming to a  crawl.  This is beautiful, haunting music, epitomized by the refrain of  &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; in which he sings honestly and sweetly, &quot;It's  not dark yet, but it's getting there.&quot;  Here is a man going gracefully  (or so it seems) into older age. Yet, he does find room for irony and  conflicted feelings, as in &quot;Love Sick,&quot; in which he is both sick  of love (the searching, connecting, and failing), yearns for it, but  perhaps is now too old for it.  Follow that conflict with the unambiguous  feelings for a woman in &quot;Million Miles,&quot; and you get an honest  portrait of a man who has loved and lost, suffered and celebrated.  We  should all celebrate in this masterpiece.
0792833686|5.0|&quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; was filmed in the Academy ratio of 1.37 to 1 (which was the standard for film until 1954). It is presented on this DVD in the Full Screen ratio of 1.33 to 1 (the ratio of your TV). The below  &quot;reader from The Netherlands&quot; seems to believe that there was a  &quot;widescreen&quot; version of the film (1:85 to 1, 2:35 to 1 , etc.),  but he/she is wrong. Also, the DVD has the trailer, digital audio, and  other features listed above. This DVD is a great transfer of a movie  masterpiece.
B000003TA4|3.0|As I write this there are two people standing near me right now, one is an optimist and one is a pessimist. They are talking to me, having a conversation with each other about &quot;Nevermind&quot;:<br />OPTIMIST: I  love this album! Man these first five songs are absolutely KILLER!   &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is such a great combination of rage and  angst that when I listen to it I can't help but headbang!<br />PESSIMIST: But  the entire second side is absolutely wothless! The whole &quot;Get  Together&quot; introduction is absolutely embarrassing. And everybody knows  that Nirvana was a huge ripoff of the Replacements and the Pixies. Why, the  Replacements even had a song out called &quot;Never Mind&quot;. And Kurt  Cobain was once sued over stealing the intro riff to &quot;Come As You  Are&quot;. That ain't nothing original! And Nirvana completely destroyed  mainstream music because of all the bombastic lame imitator bands like Bush  and Soundgarden.<br />OPTIMIST: So what? The songs are killer no matter how he  came up with them. And the lyrics are the epitome of mad angst!  <br />PESSIMIST: What are you talking about &quot;mad angst&quot;? Any ten  year old kid who was having a bad day could have written a lyric like  &quot;Here we are now. Entertain us.&quot; And besides did you ever notice  how PREDICTABLE this album is? All the songs are 4/4 midtempo (except for  the two punk songs), the guitar solos are exact duplicates of the vocal  melody, AND if a song starts out acoustically you know you just have top  wait a couple measures and everything will be rocking!  Nirvana is said to  have invented &quot;grunge&quot;, but everybody should know that grunge was  the type of music that bands like Mudhoney, TAD, and Steel Pole Bathtub  were playing long even before Nirvana formed!  <br />OPTIMIST: But who CARES  about that? As long as the songs themselves are great, that's all you need.  Besides Nirvana demolished all the hair metal vands and the pretentious  synth pop of the 1980s and for that we should all be grateful.<br />The  argument continues. The optimist tells me that this is one of the greatest  albums ever made and that I should award it a perfect five stars, and the  pessimist tells me that this is derivavtive album that we've all heard  before, and thinks I should give it a rock bottom one. Because I am unable  to take any one side, I have averaged the two scores out.
0800196341|5.0|As someone who does not like Shakespeare, I am most intigued with what I have seen in Kenneth Branagh's portrayal of Hamlet.  Not only is Branagh's performance extremly inspiering, it is also most convincing. I have  definetly found a new love for Shakespear's work. This version of Hamlet  show's what enthusiasim for a piece of art can do to a play.  I am only sad  that it is now unavailible to buy, because it is definetly a video that  deserves to be in everyone's video collection, especially mine.  I hope  they re-realease it soon.  So my advice is to rent this video, for you will  not be disapointed, I guarentee it!
6305603847|4.0|IT is a great movie and a worth while buy on DVD, however, Hey You isn't added in the movie but only as an extra feature.  Just a warning to those that want to buy the DVD just for that reason
0800196341|5.0|As someone who does not like Shakespeare, I am most intigued with what I have seen in Kenneth Branagh's portrayal of Hamlet.  Not only is Branagh's performance extremly inspiering, it is also most convincing. I have  definetly found a new love for Shakespear's work. This version of Hamlet  show's what enthusiasim for a piece of art can do to a play.  I am only sad  that it is now unavailible to buy, because it is definetly a video that  deserves to be in everyone's video collection, especially mine.  I hope  they re-realease it soon.  So my advice is to rent this video, for you will  not be disapointed, I guarentee it!
020161622X|5.0|Take it from a programmer of ten years:  The book was fabulous!  It provides a philosophy about programming - something they don't teach you in college!  The concepts extend to many different facets of information  technology.  All of the developers in my group are getting copies!
B00002MZ12|4.0|I ran out and bought this the day it came out.  I've seen her live, and her shows are just amazing, and every time I listen it's just as if she's right here.  The way she's able to change the flow of her old songs like  You Oughta Know is incredible, not to mention the new ones like The King of  Pain.  I have to admit, I was disappointed when I saw her perform Joining  You, but this CD has an incredible version.  Unplugged reflects all the  facets of her talent.
0790729628|5.0|This is one of the few movies I have watched repeatedly.  I'm cheap, but I own both the regular movie and director's cut on VHS and the director's cut on DVD.  I bought an imitation sound track, (well done), at first, because  the real thing was not available.  Later on, when Vangelis released his  version, with great satisfaction, I purchased that on CD.  In my opinion,  this is, by far, the best movie and sound track for enjoying a well put  together entertainment system.  The movie is an intense, involving science  fiction film noir romantic detective story.  There are quite a few  &quot;cult classics&quot;.  This is one.  This is the finest one.
B0000013G9|3.0|Unlike most of you, i thought that CrazySexyCool was monotonous. Most of the songs sound the same. i dont know why i got it, but it was cheep.  But, i do like some songs. Some months ago i bought Fanmail, and it is  waaaaaaaaaay better. a lot more upbeat for one thing.
B000002TP7|5.0|What a great package from the original bad boys! &quot; Paul's Boutique&quot; was great but it sorta fizzeled out into weirdness toward the end and &quot; Check your Head&quot; brought the house down but it was  a bit too long. This one is there all around best to me because it's a good  mix of their usual freestylin' beats, punk sessions and incredibly chill,  funky numbers like &quot; Sabrosa&quot;. I also dig &quot; Bodhisattva  Vow&quot;. I'm a Buddhist too and consider M.C.A. a kindred spirit cuz we  had the same approach. You gotta hear &quot; Get it Together&quot; with  Q-Tip. This shows the Beasties' at their full splendor and also shows how  important they are to music today.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think this CD is awesome! I love all the songs on it. My favorites are Adam's Song, Anthem, and Dysentery Gary. You people out there should really think about buying this! It rocks!
0553274503|3.0|This whole book is some how based on the Algernon Gorden affect, wich you will find out more about once you read the book.  This book is a 3 star book because it is very creative in some ways.  This book gave a good  example of the life people have to face today.  Some people have a very  tough life and force themselfs in some ways to change it.  There are so  many unbeavible boundries that people will go to just to change themselves.   This is what the main character Charlie does, as you might of guessed he  is mntally retarted and is made fun of alot.  But he gets a surgery to  become smart, and he thinks he will be accepted but he got the total  opposite.  In some way, though he was living a better life.  But the  Algernon Gorden Affect is when Charlie got smart but then he got retarted  again but even more retarted than he was to start with.  And I think this  is the theme of this book, that for every change there is a consequence.
0767002652|5.0|This is the first season of UPSTAIRS, DOWNSTAIRS, possibly the best loved drama series ever made. The quality of this boxed set is wonderful, and the first thirteen episodes do a first rate job in setting up the plots and  characters. We see the Bellamy family and their loyal servants from  November 1903 to June 1909 in all their triumphs and tragedies. Of the 13  episodes, my personal favorites are THE MISTRESS AND THE MAIDS, BOARD  WAGES, and A CRY FOR HELP. Ironically, these are of the five black and  white episodes that have never been shown on American television. The  Second and Third seasons are also on video, and I highly recommend them.  Unfortunately, the Fourth season that dealt with World War One, and the  Fifth Season, which was the last, are not yet available. I hope they come  out soon. Finally, Upstairs Downstairs: The Premiere Season is excellent,  collect the whole series!
0684803356|4.0|I really thought this was a pretty good book.  Its full of a lot of action dealing with war and it describes the different emotions and feelings people thought while fighting in the war.  Reading this book made me think  a lot about war and it got me to think if I ever had to go to war, and what  it would be like.  This book was a little hard to understand at first, but  once I started reading more into it, I could never put it down. So anyone  you want's to read about being in a war should deffinetly read this book,  it could change your mind.
6303187064|5.0|with a great sound track and an action filled  plot the crow will keep you more then happy
0684803356|4.0|I really thought this was a pretty good book.  Its full of a lot of action dealing with war and it describes the different emotions and feelings people thought while fighting in the war.  Reading this book made me think  a lot about war and it got me to think if I ever had to go to war, and what  it would be like.  This book was a little hard to understand at first, but  once I started reading more into it, I could never put it down. So anyone  you want's to read about being in a war should deffinetly read this book,  it could change your mind.
B000001FSR|5.0|When I first purchased this album a few years ago, I was captivated and have been ever since.  This is a work of genius, and it's unfortunate that it seems like it is often overlooked in favor of some of some of Waits'  other albums (which are good, of course, but this is high art!).  My  favorite tracks are &quot;I'll Be Gone&quot;, &quot;Yesterday Is  Here,&quot; and &quot;Cold Cold Ground,&quot; but this isn't to exclude  anything on this album, since it is a hugely brilliant concept.  I love  this man!
B000002U8G|5.0|Sure, you may not find this helpful, but this disk is so awesome, I named my Golden Lab Seamus after it! An excellent CD which shows the progression of a band toward &quot;The Wall&quot; (which was the beginning of the end).
6304602898|4.0|Gremlins is and always will be a classic. This DVD offers widescreen and regular formats which is really nice. It also has original trailers which are cool too see after so many years. My only complaint is that I saw  Gremlins on TV a few years ago with special footage that was removed from  the original. This DVD doesn't have those cut scenes. It would have been  nice if it did.
B000002C1Z|5.0|&quot;Meek and obedient you follow the leader down well trodden corridors into the valley of steel.&quot; and &quot;Wave upon wave of dimented avenger march cheerfully onto obscurity into the dream&quot;. Two of the  greatest lyrical lines of all time. Post Waters Floyd sucks, as does Post  Floyd Waters, but when they were together, they ROCKED!
B00002E233|3.0|This is a movie that I like to compare with the movie SPHERE.  Both movies were enjoyable to watch, but not the greatest films ever made.  However both of these films have Samuel L. Jackson commentary on the DVDs.  It is  because of this that these discs are worth buying.  He is very funny and a  joy to listen to.  Even if you hated the movie at least rent the DVD to  hear Sam talk about the film.  I promise that you will not be disapointed.
B000002U82|5.0|This IS one of the greatest CDs of all time. With tunes like Time/Great Gig In The Sky (which MUST be played together, curse all the radio stations that crop them!), Us And Them (one of the most beautiful lyriced songs of  all time), and Brain Damage/Eclipse (again, MUST be played together), this  CD is a winner. I NEVER play it without listening to the ENTIRE disk.
6305627401|5.0|I am a huge South Park fan and I thought that the movie was incredible! I laughed and laughed. The plot was exquisite and the language was the best part. I am a minor and I still saw the movie. I wouldn't recommend this  movie to anyone who gets offended easily. The best part is where Cartman  has the v-chip installed in him. I have also seen the vhs version and I  prefer the dvd version. The soundtrack is just as good. There is only one  flaw in the entire movie: it's just no long enough. Still, it definitely  deserves five stars!
0780627016|5.0|I thought this was a great movie when I saw it in a movie theater a year ago. I just bought the widescreen VHS and have watched it several times at home. Yeah, it's a little preachy and it slows a bit at the end, but it's  faults are minor compared to all its wonderful attributes. Imagination,  music, visual, and intriging story line. Even heard Mister Blue by the  Fleetwoods from the fifties. Too bad it didn't make it to the soundtrack.  Gary Ross has produced a terrific movie. A great fairy tale for adults.  Didn't anyone notice its 'ONCE UPON A TIME' beginning statement.  Wonderful  story with great, great performances from all; especially Reese  Witherspoon, William Macy and Don Knotts. For all those up tight  individuals who take offense at the so called left wing liberal message,  get over it; after all its just a movie! Any movie that can generate the  large number of viewer responses this one has must have something going for  it.
B000002U9L|5.0|I truly think that Bowie hit the nail on the head with this one.  it takes a disney movie and gives it this wonderful, amazing soundtrack, that people still look for in stores today.
0380973464|4.0|to what is admittedly going to be a trilogy.  I look forward to the second installment as the &quot;setup&quot; will not be as long.<br />Having read all of Stephenson's books in print (including his two &quot;Bury&quot; novels)  I must say that this is closer to the Bury novels in style -- heavy on  small detail; this is not a complaint.  Although I still prefer  &quot;Zodiac,&quot; &quot;Snow Crash,&quot; and &quot;Diamond Age,&quot;  this novel is quite good.  He takes a while for things to get going, but  with the number of characters he juggles this was to be expected  (especially having read the &quot;Bury&quot; books).  Stephenson knows how  to grab a reader and hold on.  And though I agree the &quot;too long&quot;  comments aren't wholly accurate, I bit more editing would have been  appreciated.  A rewarding read to those with the wherewithal to attempt; it  also helps if you majored in a math-heavy discipline!
B00001QGPS|4.0|The rappin is great.  Meth flows so well on every beat.  This cd brought out the best out of both of tha rappers.  On Red's cd, the beats were wack and so were most of his rhymes.  On Meth's cd, he flowed well but his beats  were slow.  This cd had great rhymes and beats in every song except for the  Wu one that I didn't care too much for.  Meth and Red are definitely two  big dogs. I'm out.  Well alright cha
B00001QEBQ|4.0|I was amazed while reading others' reviews of Mulan. I can't believe that people did not like this film! It features a VERY strong and likeable heroine, a hysterical performance by Eddie Murphy as the dragon sidekick,  fabulous animation (the army storming over the snow covered mountainside,  etc.), and a very funny scene with Mulan and the village's matchmaker.  Granted, the film does have some uneven moments, such as the music video  techno-scored scene where Mulan decides to dress as a boy. Easily  forgivable, however. I was also dumbfounded to read that other reviewers  did not like HUNCHBACK! Absolutely flawless animation, orchestral score,  etc. Shame on you all! Mulan and Hunchback are two of the best efforts of  the latest Disney offerings. Certainly more worthwhile than Hercules and  Pocahontas. Both Mulan and Hunchback are definitely worthy of being added  to your home video/DVD libraries.
630512762X|5.0|Well what can you say, this film is action, action, action all the way. There is never a dull moment the whole film is packed with twists and the way that cage and travolta play the counterpart is awesome.<br />A truly great  film and a must for a Cage/Travolta/Woo fanatic.<br />Go on buy it you want  regret it thats for sure
0767827015|5.0|theyz da bomb cuba represents cube shows his stuff. 7 Words- The Best Hood Movie Of All Time
B00002MZ12|5.0|Everysongs in this cd is really great , i listen to it everyday and i am not getting one bit sick of it (except my brother) but all the unrealeased songs on this cd totally rock!  Especially &quot;King of pain&quot;...its  truly amazing the way she sang it...SHE IS GOD!
B000005PRX|4.0|The worst part of the film is that it didn't have a good script. Still it remains the best Batman due to the stellar Tim Burton Mood.  Gotham is at it's greatest, and creepiest in this film, and I love it.  It's a macrabe  snow-covered paradise, and the Penguin is the perfect villan to match it.   Catwoman's appearence is certainly entertaining and interesting, but never  swelled to the character development I had hoped for.  Chris Walken was  great as Max.  And Keaton did a fine, if unremarkable job as Batman.  So  many great characters combined with Burtons mood, and Danny Elfman's best  score ever could have made for a really great movie.  But the extremely  poor script gave the characters too much to do.  They did too much without  enough character evolution.  Still the movie, however flawed, is fun to  watch and still the best Batman.  Losing Burton is the biggest mistake  Warner Brothers could have made.  Now, we have the same dumb scripts with  out worthwhile atmosphere and music.  The new films are like bad  comicbooks, where as the old ones were like flawed masterpieces.
0679735259|5.0|as a vet I feel Herr's book caught the dream like quality that the war had for me.The images came so  fast and furious I often didnt have a chance to digest them until later.I feel this is one of the  best books in American  literature.This isnt just about war it is about being caught up in an event  that strips away your personal facade and leaves you emotionally raw.Please  read it.
0451160916|4.0|He is the master of the macabre for a reason.  This story gives you goosebumps and sleepless nights.  I found this book had original plot elements that made an old story seem new, and the ending is horrific.   Recommend even if you are not a Stephen King fan!
630349255X|5.0|I actually saw Baraka on cable and only saw part of it.   I too felt as if it was a meditation on the diversity of the world.   It made me feel that there are many different ways that people live their daily lives, and no  one way is right or wrong.  It makes me realize how insignificant we really  are here in the U.S. when you are able to see lives around the entire  globe.   The soundtrack is also very moving.   I wouldn't mind having that  to listen to while I'm in rush hour traffic.
B000002TP7|5.0|Many mixed reviews show on this page for Ill Communication. I am laughing inside as I read the so called fans praise Paul's Boutique while they talk dirt on this album. The beasties did their growing up on Ill Communication.  The songs are more intense the music is mature. I am convinced that this is  the best work recorded by the three MCAs. All you Paul's Boutique freaks  can listen to egg man as much as you like. The real tracks are on Ill  Communication.
B000005J56|4.0|I RECENTLY DISCOVERED RY COODER AND HIS MUSIC HAVING HEARD HIS CONTRIBUTION ON LITTLE VILLAGE.<br />BUT I WAS NOT PREPARED FOR THE MUSICANS THAT JOINED HIM ON BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB. THE MUSIC GENERATED BY THIS  EXTRODINARY CUBAN MUSICANS BRINGS A TYPE OF MUSIC THAT PUTS THE LISTENER IN  A SMALL CLUB IN HAVANA PRE-CASTRO.<br />THE SOUND IS, RICH AND MELODIC AND IS  SO SMOOTH IT IS DIFFICULT TO PICK OUT WHAT INSRUMENTS ARE BEING PLAYED. THE  ONLY DRAWBACK TO TH CD IS A LACK OF TRANSLATION OF THE LYRICS SO THE  LISTENER CAN UNDERSTAND THEM.<br />MUCHAS GRACIAS TO COODER AND THE BUENA  VISTA SOCIAL CLUB
6303407188|5.0|This is one of the best biopics I've seen. The true story of Ed Wood, Hollywood's worst director. Tim Burton captures the look and feel of the 1950's perfectly. Johnny Depp is excellent in his role as Wood. His  optimism and chirpy good nature reminded me of Ned Flanders, another man  who has total faith in the future. Martin Landau is superb as the  once-great horror star Bela Lugosi.<br />Ed Wood always knew he would be  remembered, but probably not in the way he expected. In this film we see  his misfortunes, trials and disappointments, and can't help laughing. Ed  Wood tried to overcome adversity, and mostly failed. Some of the problems  were not of his making,  he needed money to finance his movies and was open  to exploitation by those with their own vision. Or the people around him  were clownish amateurs, not quite understanding what Wood wanted.<br />All in  all, this is a great movie about the making of three very terrible movies.
B00002MZ12|5.0|First off, the &quot;Unplugged&quot; TV special on MTV only proceeded to excite us Alanis fans even more for the album release. Way before MTV viewers and non-fans knew about &quot;Unplugged&quot;, we had been finding  out top secret info. Such as, the new songs Morissette performed. &quot;No  Pressure Over Cappuccino&quot;, a not-quite brand new song that she had  only performed on her first tour; &quot;These R The Thoughts&quot;,  originally a single b-side; &quot;King of Pain&quot;, the Police cover; and  &quot;Princes Familiar&quot;, a song rumored to be the song written for her  father, who is supposedly passing away. <br />Basically, to summarize  UNPLUGGED, you get to see the toned down Alanis Morissette some never knew  before. &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; has been stripped of its bitterness and  anger and transformed into an orchestral array of emotion. &quot;You  Learn&quot; is changed into an almost-cheery acoustic version that almost  makes you wonder why the original lyrics are still intact. On other hands,  some songs remain the same. The newest single, &quot;That I Would Be  Good&quot; remains a unique ballad with that same breathy and beautiful  flute solo by Alanis at the end. &quot;Head Over Feet&quot; also proves it  probably will never lose it's happiness and gratituity. What's most  exciting is Alanis's cover of the Police song &quot;King of Pain&quot;,  which gives her keyboardist Derron Johnson his 4 minutes of singing fame.  To add icing to the cake in my opinion is &quot;Princes Familiar&quot;, a  fantastic song for Alanis's father, who is rumored to be passing away from  cancer. MTV UNPLUGGED is an astonishing effort from Alanis Morissette, and  even some non-fans may get some enjoyment out of this one.
B000002J1O|5.0|A masterpiece, the music, the lyrics. If you haven't seen the live concert you can. If you hear of a group called Musical box comming to a city near you, it's a must see. They reproduce the selling england by the pound  concert exactly. It's like taking a trip in the past to see the real  Genesis.
B000002BYD|5.0|Yield is the best album that Pearl Jam has put out yet.  When I first listened to this album I dismissed it, and I thought that the band of the century had finally exhausted their talent.  The more I listened, however,  the more the album grew on me.  Tracks like MFC, Given to Fly, Do the  Evolution and  Faithfull rank among the bands best.  Once again the band  provides deep poetic lyrics with substance that go way beyond any other  band out there today.  Lyrics like, &quot;I wish I was the full moon  shinning off a camero's hood&quot; from the song &quot;Wishlist&quot; shows  how creative and  preseptive Ed Vedder is.  If you are sick of listening to  hack lyrics about teenage love from teen idols, then I suggest you check  out this album.
B00000IIXH|4.0|David Quantick of Emap Consumer Magazines is a very silly person.  Springsteen is not capable of writing or playing a song that is &quot;accidentally trying to put people off rock music for ever&quot; as he  snidely suggests.  It's a bit late in the day for a critic to make his  feeble name by slagging off world-class talents like Springsteen.<br />The  best stuff on this record sounds like exactly what it is; songs Springsteen  left off his familiar albums because they didn't fit.  In the liner notes,  he says he thinks in retrospect some of these editing decisions were  regrettable mistakes, and he's mostly right.  I'm glad to have almost all  of 'em at long last.<br />The 4-disc box set of unreleased tracks may be too  much of a good thing, but this set plays like greatest hits from an  alternate universe.  Go ahead, David Quantick, be enthusiastic.  Springsteen has yet again improved your little world!
8185300453|5.0|Through teachers such as Dr. Wayne Dyer, Deepak Chopra, Alan Cohen, Robert Rabbin and more, all talking about this man, I just had to read his works.  Now I can understand why so many authors quote this guru.  It's amazing  that a man with no formal education, just a belief that he was devine,  propelled him to such a high level of clarity.  I have read this book 7  times and have purchased more than 8 copies to give to friends and family.   Do yourself a favor, buy this book!  And yes, if I could only have one book  to read, this would be it.<br />Rob Dromgoole, Seattle
B00002Z88D|4.0|I grow up listening to The Moody Blues. I discovered the heavy metal sound when I was hanging out with the 'wrong' crowd four years ago.  And found out what I've been missin' all my life.  It really ROCKS!  I went out and  bought my first Metallica last summer, and that's all I EVER WANT to listen  to in my CD while driving.  When KUFO presented an evening of Metallica for  their S &amp; M concert, my ears were glued to the headphones, while I was  working.  If it weren't for my evening job, I wouldn't have heard them that  night.  KUFO-FM have a special Mandatory Metallica on the radio every night  for over half hour of plain Metallica.  I'm so blessed!<br />I was also a  security guard at my first Pearl Jam/Metallica concert, which I got to see  for free.  I'm one lucky lady, to have seen them performed.  They're so  good. Yes, I've seen The Moody Blues several times, too, but I'm more METAL  NOW THAN BLUES.  <br />P&gt;S&gt;  I even inherited a leather biker jacket  reserved only for when I see a heavy metal concert.  My husband tells me, I  blend right in! I'd never wore that jacket if I went to see another Moody  Blues!  I'd wear my 501's, no jacket
B0000026VZ|5.0|This cd is one of the greatest ever. Hes got all you ask for in a cd, good ballads and great pop. Toto is the best group ever and by listening to Past to present youll probably agree with me. You wont be dissapointed.
0800177363|5.0|Robin Williams turns in a lovely, quiet, understated performance which is extremely effective.  De Niro, as usual, completely immerses himself in his character, and is truly heart-breaking to watch.  The supporting cast and  direction are excellent.  If you're in the mood to be truly moved, this is  the movie for you.
068816689X|5.0|I have just finished devouring Edith Hahn Beer's account and was completely entralled and with her  story.  It is a must read for anyone who in interested in the World War II Era and how we can not allow the world or  anyone to let this happen again.
6300163431|2.0|Skip this horrible piece of dreck.  Not scary, just plain stupid.  Along with a few other select actors/directors, De Niro is one whose work I never miss because I know that, no matter what dreadful flaws a movie might have,  his performance alone will be worth watching.<br />Unless you're a die-hard  Rourke or De Niro fan, then this will be a colossal waste of your time and  money. The only reason it even did as well as it did in theatres is because  of the De Niro/Rourke name power and the fact that you get to see a naked  Cosby kid.  Whoopee.
6301790170|5.0|I ever thougth that second parts never were good, but in this case I must say not only this movie is one of my favourites, but for me is better than the first version &quot;Wages of Fear&quot; that is considered a  masterpiece. Well, both films are very good. I know &quot;Sorcerer&quot;  isn't the most popular nor valued but each one has his preferences and the  theme of the man which has to figth with all chances against  ever was my  preferred and in this film these is very clearly put in the screen. Both  films have very good players, but I think  in this, is one of these rare  cases when color and modern making better the final result, because in  general, remakes are poor and low the dramatism, but undoubtly  &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is an exception and has something ever impress me.  There's not adventures for children and cinema of today  almost never  attains this.
6303029027|5.0|De Niro's got a real gift for directing; I wish he'd do it more often.<br />This is a moving story about a son's conflict between the two men he looks up to.  I particularly like the fact that the gangster isn't all  bad, and the father's not a saint.<br />Beautifully-crafted, flesh-and-blood  characters.  If you like movies about real people, you'll love this one.
B000002J09|3.0|Every guitarist goes through a period of being enamored with this record, and there is a level on which that is right and fine--Jimmy Page perfected  a certain style of guitar that is more mathematical than Clapton or Robbie  Robertson, more precise than Hendrix, and his work should be studied.   Personally, however, as I grew into a person who appreciates music beyond  guitar pyrotecnics, I found much of this a little hollow, sound and fury  signifying nothing and that whole bit.  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; has  a pretty basic, pschyo-mythological appeal to it, but doesn't stand up to  repeated listening; the true keeper here is &quot;When the Levee  Breaks&quot;, which is one of the songs--along with &quot;Kashmir&quot; and  &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot;--that I would preserve for  posterity to demonstrate Page's prowess.  The music is meticulous and fine;  the major problem is Robert Plant.  Plant rivals Jim Morrison and Eddie  Vedder for Most Irritating Front Man in History, though for different  reasons: Where Vedder and Morrison are gloomy narcissists, Plant is merely  a prattering hippie who's read a few too many J. R. R. Tolkien books.
B00000F1D3|5.0|If you like Cher, you will love this CD.  If it were vinyl, I would have had to buy a second copy by now because the first one would be worn out. <br />It has some great dance numbers and slower songs accentuating her pure  and powerful voice. The new dance sound from Cher is upbeat and fun. Unlike  many CD's, I enjoyed all of the songs in this one rather than just a few.   My friends thought it was exceptional also.
B000002J09|3.0|Every guitarist goes through a period of being enamored with this record, and there is a level on which that is right and fine--Jimmy Page perfected  a certain style of guitar that is more mathematical than Clapton or Robbie  Robertson, more precise than Hendrix, and his work should be studied.   Personally, however, as I grew into a person who appreciates music beyond  guitar pyrotecnics, I found much of this a little hollow, sound and fury  signifying nothing and that whole bit.  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; has  a pretty basic, pschyo-mythological appeal to it, but doesn't stand up to  repeated listening; the true keeper here is &quot;When the Levee  Breaks&quot;, which is one of the songs--along with &quot;Kashmir&quot; and  &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot;--that I would preserve for  posterity to demonstrate Page's prowess.  The music is meticulous and fine;  the major problem is Robert Plant.  Plant rivals Jim Morrison and Eddie  Vedder for Most Irritating Front Man in History, though for different  reasons: Where Vedder and Morrison are gloomy narcissists, Plant is merely  a prattering hippie who's read a few too many J. R. R. Tolkien books.
0060976624|1.0|I found it very dull. I mean Extremely DUL
B00000IPAX|5.0|If you like music, then this CD is for you.  Every song is pleasurable, or at least funny.  I've been drawn to Blink -182- since I heard &quot;Dammit&quot; from Dude Ranch.  The Enema of the State CD is enjoyable  to hear alone, fun to play at parties, and you can get some funny looks  from your girlfriend if you suddenly begin singing lyrics from this CD.  I  might suggest that if you are a singer, prone to frequent outbursts of  musical blunder, that you NOT begin singing &quot;Party Song&quot; around  your girlfriend.  BUY THIS CD!
B00002SWEM|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. It is timeless and priceless. I was immediately interested in this movie because I had grown to love the album of the same name. I was completely caught off guard by  how much I came to truly enjoy the players and gain perspective into their  lifes and dreams. This movie makes you want to get up and chase your  dreams. It is a beautifully filmed tribute to music, age, friendship, and  the integrated fabric of Cuban culture. It makes you laugh, and tap your  toes. It is like watching 10 to 12 eighty year old Cinderellas go to the  ball, and bring down the house.
0684872153|5.0|This extremely accurate description of life in  in early forties Ireland is both heartbreakingly sad and unbeleivebely amusing at the same time. The memoir focuses on little Frankie Mccourts childhood into teens. Its a  rollercoster of emotion from chapter one. Frankies father is a jobless  drunk who cares more about his pint of Guiness than his everexpanding brood  of starving and dying children and wife (Angela). The book takes you  through the years on how the Mccourt family survive by begging at the  Vincent St Paul charity for even the smallest amount of food to survive on  or new shoes for the boys to go to school and how they move from room to  house to room to avoid paying rent and staying with mean relatives who care  none about the poor familys plight. Now dont let that fool you into  thinking this is a depressing book, it is not. Frank McCourts style of  writing and frank honestly will have you laughing and crying in the same  paragraph. As Frankie McCourt gets a little older he experiments with sex  which he refers to as &quot;the excitment&quot;, masturbation and petty  theft all of which leave very frank images but not disturbing!  He also  tears himself up over not going to confession to releive himself of the  terrible burdens he carries. Its definately a page turner and a must for  anyone feeling remotely sorry for themselves.
0590353403|5.0|It starts out without Harry in the book and suddenly he comes in and the action rises.  A giant comes in  his house and tells him he is a wizard and is taken to Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry and the rest of the story is a giant climax.
B000002LOE|5.0|I had never even heard any REM songs except Losing My Religion when my Dad gave me this album. (he didn't really want it and knew I liked &quot;Losing My REligion&quot;)So I decided to give this album a try. The only songs I  even listened to were Shiny Happy People and Losing My REligion until  about....3 days agao. (I have had the Cd for almost a year) I didn't know  if I would be able to listen to an entire Cd with Stipe's monotone voice.  (You soon fall in love with it...it takes a while, but the lyrics a so  sophmorically{spelling?} poetic that you can nothelp but get into it. My  new favorite song is &quot;Radio Song&quot; (I don't like rap, but it is a  good song) My basic thought about this album is excellent. You really  should @ least give it a listen, do yourself a favor.
0385484518|5.0|I had an AVM (&quot;stroke&quot;) in March.  I have Morrie spend Wednesdays with me.
0312199066|5.0|Well I know this book is a great book without even reading it. Though I met the man himself at school and I watch every space movie, read every space book, listen to the space news like the Mars Polar Lander and its  unfortunate unsuccesses. I hope everyone will benefit from my review. Oh,  he is a wonderful man might I add!
044100590X|5.0|I enjoyed this book to be sure, and although it was quite lengthy, I found myself unable to part with it easily.  I finished it within a week simply because the story was so gripping.  I'm not sure how Herbert manages it,  but it seems that he can endlessly descibe something yet never bore  someone.  Highly Recommended.
B000002LFU|5.0|If I am nothing else, I am an R.E.M. fan. Although I wish I could say I listened when they were still a college band, I was just too young. This was the album that made me a fan; when it came out, I was 10. But every one  of these songs means something to me: &quot;Stand&quot; made junior high  dances really fun, &quot;You Are the Everything&quot; fills me when I feel  empty, and &quot;I Remember California&quot;...well, it makes me remember  California. Environmental activism is good and all, but the songs here are  REM's best.
B00002DE0S|5.0|Listening to this disc was a pure joy.  While not a classical music expert, I would highly recommend this disk to anyone interested in beautiful and rewarding classical piano listening.
044022165X|2.0|I am surprised by all the glowing reviews.  This was my first Grisham book and I expected more.  Sure, he writes well and the reading is easy, but the plot left a lot to be desired.  I never saw the movie, but if you have seen  any TV show or movie involving lawyers then you know this book.
6302424739|5.0|Before seeing this movie, my top 5 favorites were all Sci-Fi and I wasn't terribly thrilled when my wife brought it home to watch.  After the first 20 minutes or so I found myself captivated by the characters portrayed by  Bancroft and Hopkins.  Before the end of the movie I felt renewed by the  friendship that had developed between them.  I guess I'm not a romantic, so  I see this as a story of friendship.  Bancroft and Hopkins develop a mutual  trust that most people don't ever find in a friend.  Most people see the  ending as sad, but I felt that, while a face to face meeting would have   been nice, their meeting would not have added anything to their  relationship.  It was complete as it was.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis' first cd, &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;, was definately a hard act to follow.  However, with her latest cd, Alanis Morissette proves she's here to stay.  Her words are beautiful and it's as though she's talking to  the listener.  Alanis has a tremendously beautiful and expressive voice,  and &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; proves it.  For a deep  and introspective album, purchase Alanis Morissette's latest release now.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I bet this hits you hard if you like hard music! Lyrics are awesome! You can find facts, fictions and stories about real-life from it...you can't see california without Marlon Brando's eyes...  You can hear how the 9  members fits in a band like this; what would Slipknot be without 2  percussionists and a turntable?   SlipKnot isn't like any other band and  it's really not like KoRn, no. It's more like...Strapping Young Lad; Fast,  hard, and (little bit)melodic. Excellent record! Listen, buy and listen  more!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Wachowski duo, is a duo to remember, they are the heart and soul of this film.  I first saw this film, in the movie theater, on my birthday, in the front row.  And I'm telling you, it was the best birthday present I  could ever get.  I was mind boggled from the outstanding visuals I saw in  the beggining of this film.  The &quot;Bullet Time Photography&quot;  has  never been used before, but I am sure will be used a ton of times in future  movies.  The story was sooo deep and so out of this world, i couldn't  beleive it.  The idea that humans are used as batteries astounds me.  And  its freakishly realistic too.   This film is most definitly &quot;The Best  Science Fiction EVER.&quot;
0671027344|4.0|This book deserves four stars in my opinion, but not five.  I really hope that this doesn't make Charlie cry.  Anyway, overall the book was very well written, and I definitely enjoyed reading it, I just didn't find it to be life changing or anything.  Stephen Chbosky does have a very good insight  to the life of a teenager in the 90's, he was accurate in the way he used  his characters, and the events that he described.  However, I did think  that the book could get a little cheesy at times, and a little far off.  I  really didn't like the &quot;I feel infinite&quot; garbage and all of the  crying.  To me, none of that is very realistic.  I couldn't relate to it, I  guess because I have never experienced it in my life.  Well, other than  that I thought the book was good, but I wouldn't call it great, mostly  because I couldn't get into it at first.  Charlie's personality was really  kind of annoying and unexplainable at first, actually until the very end of  the book.  The very few and final pages of the book really made it all come  together.  I was just finishing reading the book and I kind of stopped and  it all made sense.  So needless to say, my favorite part of the book was  the ending.  I wouldn't consider this book to be a classic, in my opinion,  but it is definitely worth reading.   So I do reccomend reading it, if  you're a teenager, it's not for adults.  An adult might get some pretty  strange misconceptions about teenagers if they read this book.
0792839846|5.0|Legend says hell has no fury like a woman scorned. However, hell has no fury like a mans love.
6300214753|5.0|I thought this movie was excellent. Made in the early 80's, it still appeals to teens (like me) in the 90's. All the actors did a super job and I was never board or fast-fordwarding through this video. The bottom line  is, you haven't lived until you have met Ferris Bueller.
0671502336|5.0|This is the funniest anti-war book ever
6305603847|4.0|Yes, I liked &quot;The Wall&quot;, and in my opinion it deserves 5 stars. The DVD is feature packed: 2 music videos, 2 documentaries, several commentaries, a sound calibration section, and of course the theatrical  trailer. But there are a few things I didn't like about this disk. The menu  system is very simple, and well designed, but the chapter search section  lacks any way to determine the contents of any of the chapters. All you get  are numbers - no pictures and no titles accompany the numbers. As far as  the transfer to DVD - the picture quality is excellent, and the Dolby  Digital 5.1 sound is expansive, but the sound is marred by backgound noise  (hiss) and distortion in parts of the soundtrack. These problems should  have been fixed especially since the music is what inspired the creation of  this movie.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Was this movie made just to display what they  are capable of doing with modern special effects? It was just a predictable, macho, brainless, overly patriotic waste of film.
0399134204|5.0|All I can say is, I started reading this book simply because I needed some novel to read, but it turned out to be one of the best books I have ever read. The tales of four mother/daughter pairs as told in first-person point  of view are gently intertwined to make a magical and unforgettable read.
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr Bungle´s must mature work. Just for the first 30 seconds on the first song you just know that it´s not the usual Mr Bungle output, it´s something more digestable, more accurate and more reasonable.<br />Altough, it  definately keeps the essence of what Mr Bungle really is, a band just  looking for a good time making &quot;weird&quot; music not in order to  change the world but because it´s what they feel doing.<br />As dinamical and  different as a musical work can be, this album offers from traditional  european music (polska)to techno, and from jazz to heavy metal, everything  perfectly known, played and mixed.<br />Let´s not forget Patton´s brilliant  performance on this.
1577311523|5.0|I've been searching since graduating from college with degrees in history and philosophy in 1987.  This is the best book I have ever read.
B000002BSG|4.0|Bringing disco-funk and pop sounds to the scene, Jamiroquai creates it´s most comercial work. It may not be as extensive as Jamiroquai´s first album, but it surely brakes the &quot;Return of the Space Cowboy&quot;  concept by being so dinamic, unpaced and warm.<br />Paying tribute not only to  it´s title, by being so  enjoyable while driving and also enjoyable while  working or just for pure listening, it also pays tribute to the 70´s music  scene. (Reggae, Soul, Disco-Funk, etc.)
B00001ZULV|3.0|First off: Why wasn't this a 2-disk set!   This is a great CD for Genesis fans, but not a complete look at the work they have accomplished over the last 25 years or so.  <br />'The Hits' primarily focuses on the Phil Collins  years, arguably their most successful, commercially speaking, but not in  terms of creative output.  &quot;I Can't Dance&quot;!   C'mon!  The  radio-edited version of &quot;Tonight, &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;!   Give  me a break!<br />What really made me buy this CD?  The new version of  &quot;The Carpet Crawlers,&quot; which reunites the original members (Peter  Gabriel and Steve Hackett included) for an amazing 1999 rendition of a 70's  quasi-classic.  Then again, if Peter Gabriel is putting ANYTHING new out,  I'm there.  <br />My advice: If you're a Phil Collins fan, buy this CD (and  his new Greatest Hits CD).  If not, you'd be better off collecting the  entire Genesis catalogue over time and finding out where the true gold is  with these guys -- the songs you never heard on the radio.  <br />(Then again,  song 13, 'Congo,' with new singer Ray Wilson, was never on the radio, and  they're calling THAT a Greatest Hit! )
6300181553|5.0|This is one of the best Holiday Videos out there and it's been around for so long I don't know why more people aren't hip to it.  It is such a great story and the interaction of Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire is brilliant. The  scene where Astaire dances drunk and the one following is hilarious! Also  the scene where the jelly jars explode is great too! I could go on and on  but I'm not a professional reviewer.  I will end with this little fact: The  Song &quot;WHITE CHRISTMAS&quot; Was FIRST DONE in THIS MOVIE - NOT White  Christmas the Movie.
0671502336|5.0|No book written in my lifetime has had a greater impact on my thinking or provided such a rich reading experience as Catch-22. More than just an antiwar screed, this sprawling novel with its intricate plots and huge cast  of characters is a complex story of survival in an absurdly tragi/comic  war. It manages to be both hysterically funny and saddly moving while  forcing the reader to look differently at such concepts as 'honor',  'heroism', 'patriotism' and 'cowardice'.<br />As several reveiwers have  pointed out, the book is slow to start. Part of that has to do with the  author's need to seduce the reader to his peculiar veiwpoint, to introduce  the numerous characters and to set the stage that will make the absurd seem  normal and the normal seem absurd. Once perceived, the structure of the  book is a joy to experience. The recurring interrupted flashbacks, the  seemingly unrelated subplots and digressions, the cast of characters, each  stranger than the one before, all reveal more and more as the book  progresses so that by the end one feels enmeshed in a real story of real  people - though it is totally crazy. As if Lewis Carroll had written The  Inferno instead of Dante.<br />Some of the scenes and characters are as  inventive as anything ever writtn and remain vivid in the mind long after  the book is finished. Yossarian is a complete person, but much that he  experiences is fragmented and bizarre. The 'soldier in white' (all readers  will remember this one) is a perfect example of Heller's genius. This scene  is both horrifying and hysterically funny, and goes to the heart of the  book's message.<br />Joesph Heller died yesterday. I will miss him because  there will be no more Heller books. But in truth, though he continued to  write and produced a series of interesting novels (including a sequel to  Catch-22), nothing else that he produced came close to having the magic and  the impact of that first one.
B000000W5L|5.0|This album is to the Stones what &quot;Physical Graffitti was to Led Zeppelin. A double album that rocks from front to back. The only diffeence is that this album is better, bluesier, and has richer production.  &quot;Rocks Off,&quot; &quot;Rip This Joint,&quot; and &quot;Casino&quot;  open the album with straight ahead rock and roll. I only wish that  &quot;Shake Your Hips had a hook or two to hang its hat on. I also love the  rich, bluesy tunes &quot;Sweet Virginia,&quot; and &quot;Loving Cup.&quot;  Most of the album is surging, relentless rock and roll with the Stones on  top of the game. You gotta add this to your collection.
6301008960|5.0|This movie truly defines a typical high school life in the 1980s! &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; has it all -- cheerleaders, nerds, jocks, embarassing family, classic fashion, and even the greatest  &quot;make-you-feel-good&quot; storyline you will ever find in an 80s  film!  If this movie should ever be re-released, it is a must have for your  video collection!
B000002U8G|4.0|This is a very evocative, moody art rock CD  from Pink Floyd. That doesn't mean the album doesn't rock a little. &quot;Fearless&quot; and the pulsing opener &quot;One of these Days&quot; had me moving my feet to the beat. But  the centerpiece of the CD is the 25 minute long &quot;Echoes,&quot; a  triumph in aurully stimulating psychedelic mind music. This is not quite as  precise and streamlined as &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; but it is one  of Pink Floyd's most underrated and best recordings. Buy Dark Side and The  Wall first, then buy this.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr. Dre still got it.  It has a few songs wit emenem who i don't happen to be too fond of but the songs are still tight.  It has a bunch wit Snoop Dogg.  Others like Xhibit, Warren G, Kurupt, Hitman, etc.  All in all, it's  a tight cd.
B000002U82|5.0|Todd Rundgren was right to say that if there was a psychedelic masterpiece in the 1970's after the order of Sgt Pepper, then this is it. I love the mellow &quot;Breathe in the Air,&quot; &quot;Us and Them,&quot; the  thumping rock bass of &quot;Money,&quot; and the climactic &quot;Brain  Damage&quot; and &quot;Eclipse.&quot; The whole album is an aurul  mindscape. This is a good album to turn on after a hard day, lie on your  bed, and just mellow out.
0790729628|5.0|If you like the original Blade Runner better than the Director's cut, please read &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep&quot; by Philip K. Dick. This is the story BR is based upon. The difference is like reading  Stephen King's &quot;The Stand&quot; in the 600-page version, then the  recently released 1100-page version. Very important things are lost when it  is cut.<br />BR-DC is true to the original story, where the original release  seemed more an attempt to emulate James Ellroy. The elimination of the  voiceover was a huge step to getting out of the '40's film noir style, and  the ending, like the ending of the book (and the PC game) left just enough  doubt to Deckard's humanity to give the viewer something to think  about.<br />The unicorn scene, while not in the original story, gave something  back to it. Dick's book had a sub-storyline about Deckard's wife (really?)  and attaining a real animal. The unicorn scene accomplished this same  effect while still being viewable in a reasonable amount of time. Without  this scene, the DC ending would fall flat.<br />Speaking of the DC ending, it  is much closer to the story's original ending than the &quot;happy  ending&quot; WB forced on the theatrical release. It's also a lot more  real. How often have you had a happy ending? Remember, it has to be happy,  and it has to be an ending.<br />Blade Runner: the Director's Cut should be in  every true sci-fi fan's collection just for sticking (mostly) to the  original story. Ridley's direction, wonderful acting, a great soundtrack,  and incredible effects are only bonuses tacked onto what was already a  masterpiece waiting to be captured.
B000003BF1|5.0|This album is a pretty eclectic recording. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is a haunting, relentless rocker. &quot;Love in Vain&quot; and &quot;Country Honk&quot; are great country blues tunes. In fact, I like Country Honk  better than the rock version &quot;Honky Tonk Women.&quot; I also marvel at  how &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; extends the band's  musical reach. The only song I could have lived without was the shallow  &quot;Monkey Man,&quot; but the rest of the album is absolutely essential.  Buy it.
B0000062GE|3.0|I bought this album knowingly expecting something good, but didn't think I'd be getting something as enchanting as this. It's a great follow up to Whither, Blister, burn and peel, actually Darkest Days out does it. Waking  up beside you is an amazing song which completes the whole album. My  favorite album of Stabbing Westward.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is an exellent movie!  The Sci-fi/action was great, the special effects were awsome, the plot was very clever and the acting was very good to.  I saw this movie 3 times it's an absolute must-see.  I'd say the best  movie of the year!
0792151712|2.0|Please allow me to explain myself a little more.  What I meant was that two teenagers having sex - BEFORE MARRIAGE - and being very young and only knowing each other for only what?  15 minutes?  I am a strong Christian  person, and that is just wrong - in fact horrible.  The profanity is also  very bad for a PG-13 movie.  The nudity was also bad to get that kind of  rating. This was supposed to be a love story.  What?   Two teenagers doing  so many immoral things - on a ship?  Once again, the Titanic sinking was a  real tragedy, but why just make the movie worse by making it appeal to  teens that will fall in love with the movie and see it 20 times.  The world  is getting worse and worse every day, so why promote wrong things in a  tragic-based movie?  I am as perflexed as most people on that question.
B000002WFF|5.0|This album is supreme.  It was Elvis' only album to be released on a 24 kt gold disc because of its quality.  Not surprising considering Elvis was at his best in every capacity on this album from his choice of songs to the  arrangements, from the musicians to Elvis' own excitement at being back on  stage.  This is my all time favorite album.  When you listen to Elvis'  version of &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot;, turn up the volume.   Feel the intensity and the heart Elvis puts into this beautiful song. It  gives me chills every time. You won't be disappointed in this album.  After  you buy the album, buy the video of this concert and you'll really be blown  away watching Elvis perform not only these songs but many other great songs  like &quot;Suspicious Minds&quot; and &quot;Polk Salad Annie&quot;.
B000002UB3|1.0|I cannot believe that this album is even on par with any of the great Rolling Stones albums.  I mean the song &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; could have been written by a child.  The Beatles survive on silly little  love songs, not good blues-based rock and roll.  They were not a  &quot;true&quot; band because they rarely played live.  It is sad that  albums like &quot;Abbey Road&quot; are considered great.  The Beatles were  simply products of a studio.  Listen to Lennon play with Yoko at Madison  Square Garden- they sound like a band I knew in high school- &quot;Nobody  Goes to Sweden&quot;!  Listen to the Stones.  The song &quot;Indian  Girl&quot; is better then &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;.  I am glad the  Stones are not sell outs like the Beatles.  This album stinks.
B000002WYT|5.0|&quot;Crash&quot; is what I like to consider the Stephen Speilberg of albums. The emotion and depth that you recireve from the album is amazing. When playing songs such as &quot;#41&quot; and &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; I  actually forget my troubles and am just consumed in the music. I would  recommend this Dave CD to anyone and everyone! Buy it! You'll love it.
B00001ZWTS|4.0|I LOVED THE MOVIE IT WAS AS GOOD AS IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE!  I ONLY GIVE THIS MOVIE 4 STARS BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT SHOULD HAVE MORE..... WHAT'S THE WORD ACTION BUT WHEN IT DID HAVE ACTION IT WAS BETTER THAN ANY JACKY  CHINN'S MOVIE EVEN IF HIS STUNTS ARE REAL!  I HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND  THIS MOVIE TO ANY VIEWER (13 OR OLDER) I MUST TELL YOU I NEVER HAVE LIKED  SPIDERS SINCE, NOT THAT I WAS TO FOND OF THEM TO BEGIN WITH. WILL SMITH BY  HIMSELF I GIVE 5 STARS!
B00000DHR0|5.0|I sure count this one right up there as one of the best. There is quality as well as quantity, with more offerings than most holiday records.<br />I am more of a traditionist, but am very impressed with the new songs  &quot;Another Year Has Gone By&quot; and &quot;The Magic of Christmas  Day&quot;. It's terrific..as is the rest of the CD.
0060920084|2.0|What a disappointment!  I have read all of Bill Bryson's other books eagerly and they were some of the best entertainment I've had with a mix of sarcasm and an appreciation for life.  This newest book is written by a  Bill Bryson who has evidently become a bitter old man.  His humor is weak,  and his sarcasm is mean and cold.  He has none of the balance of positive  with negative that made his previous books a delight.  If you love Bill  Bryson . . . don't buy this book!
6305531374|5.0|I loved the movie was not that scary it just had that creepy thing going oon wit it an it was just entertaning
B00001ZULV|3.0|Carpet Crawlers is quite nice.  It's worth buying this compilation only for this song.  It's great to hear the core 5 once again playing together after such a long time apart.  The remake is not as good as the original in  my opinion, but still is great to hear.
B00000IPAX|5.0|WOW, I LOVE this CD. I own Dude Ranch, but don't listen to it often. I was hesitant to purchase Enema of the State, well because I wasn't a huge Blink fan after Dude Ranch. I heard &quot;All the small things&quot; and  &quot;What's my age again&quot; and loved them. I was afraid to buy this CD  because I thought I'd only like those two songs. I was completely WRONG! I  love the entire CD and you will too! Blink 182 have really grown as  artist's and I am quite impressed! Good Job Blink.....you have a huge fan  here!
1881273156|5.0|The author reveals, through 25 years of counseling, that he has determined people communicate love in five basic ways.They are Quality Time, Words of Affirmation, Acts of Service, Physical Touch and Giving Gifts.  For  example, if my primary love language is Quality Time, then I will show my  love to others by spending quality time with them.  If I don't receive that  in return, my love tank will be empty.  The author stresses the importance  of knowing your loved one's love language so that you can communicate love  to that person in a way in which he/she feels love, so that their love tank  can be continually replenished.  If my spous's love language is acts of  service and he is always doing things for me to communicate his love,  but  I receive love through the language of quality time, I will not receive his  acts of service as communicating love and therefore my love tank will be  dry.  I in return, must communicate my love to him through acts of service  in order to fill his love tank.  An empty love tank causes relationships to  deteriorate.This book was excellent for teaching us to recognize the way in  which our loved ones receive and feel loved.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against The Machine! Wow! One word describes The Battle Of Los Angeles......POWERFUL! Excellent guitar playing and powerful lyrics to live by. One satisfied fan here! Go out and get this....NOW!
6304711905|5.0|Aside from this being a great western action adventure film, it's a true story which a lot of people forget or don't realize.  The main actors do an excellent job and the movie has a fine supporting cast.  Being an old west  history buff, I have studied documents and accountings of this time in  history and have visited the town of Tombstone 5 times.  This movie not  only accurately portrays the town, especially the Bird Cage Theater which  is nearly exact, but the costuming is the best I've seen of 1880's style  reproduction. There are a couple of inaccuracies like Marshal White being  shot in the chest, (he was shot in the groin), and Virgil and Morgan being  shot on the same night, (they were shot 3 months apart).  Nonetheless, the  events are accurately portrayed as they happened, right down to minute  details like a bullet striking over Wyatt's head when Morgan gets shot in  Hatch's Saloon, and the dog continuously barking afterwards.  The makers of  this movie did their homework and are to be commended on the fantastic  result.  They even used a lot of the phraseology of the time and some lines  are directly from documentation of interviews of people who were witnesses  to these events.  Included in these is of course the best line...&quot;I'm  your Huckleberry.&quot;  The source of this line is from the book  &quot;Tombstone.&quot;  By the way, a Huckleberry is old west vernicular  meaning, &quot;The best man for the job.&quot;  An outstanding movie about  part of the life of an outstanding man, Wyatt Earp.
B000006045|5.0|This album follows up on the brilliant explosion of &quot;Blue Lines&quot;, without simply repeating it (like &quot;Protection&quot; did).  Here Massive Attack is progressing and reinventing the rules they  basically created.  It is powerful, cinematic and dark, and also one of the  very best albums of this, or any decade.  Do yourself a favor and buy this.   It is intense and sexy and slinks out of your speakers like a satanic  seductress.  Once you have this, you will find yourself declaring Massive  Attack your favorite band, and like an addiction will need more and more.   On second thought, maybe the weak at heart had better stay away.
6304711905|5.0|Aside from this being an excellent western adventure film it's a true story, which many people forget.  The main actors are fantastic as is the supporting cast.  Being an old west history buff, I can say the costuming  is some of the best replication of 1880's style that I've seen in films.   I've visted the actual town of Tombstone on 5 occasions, and this movie  portrays it well and shows how it probably would have looked in the 1880's.   A lot of the details and phraseology I noticed in the movie were obviously  drawn from historical documents related to the events that are dipicted.   For someone who has studied these events before this movie was ever  produced, it was quite refreshing to see the accuracy.  There are a couple  of minor inaccuracies, such as Morgan and Virgil being shot on the same  night.  They were actually shot 3 months apart, but the shootings portrayed  are accurate in how they occurred.  Even down to a bullet hitting the wall  over Wyatt's head as he watched Morgan play pool and the dog continuously  barking after Morgan is shot.  This is an exceptional film about the life  of an exceptional man, Wyatt Earp.
6305603847|5.0|Of course this is the best edition to date of The Wall (I think all will agree).  I do have one question, were are the &quot;secret buttons&quot; as listed on the back of the package?
B000009QPE|1.0|exept for the lerics all of the tracks could be switched around and no one would know the difference
0425098478|5.0|When most people become a manager for the first time, they are more than a little unsure of themselves.  Naturally, they often use speech and  ways of doing things that they have seen others use.  That's great if their role  models are good, but can be terrible otherwise.<br />The One Minute Manager  provides a positive role model for those who have not yet seen one, and  good reinforcement for those who have not seen one lately.<br />If  organizations try to operate on the assumption that only the manager has  ideas worth acting on, then very little will be accomplished.  The One  Minute Manager provides a useful model for opening up and stimulating the  minds of everyone in the organization to accomplish more.<br />Not only is  this advice worth following from an effectiveness point of view, it will  also make you feel better about yourself as a manager and as a person when  you follow it.  And you will certainly make those who report to you feel a  lot better, as well.<br />I like the use of a parable to help each of us  reexamine ourselves, because it makes the reader feel less defensive.  But  be sure to remember what you gut instincts would have been in the same  situations the One Minute Manager describes.  Otherwise, you may miss the  point of how much your behavior needs to change.<br />This is one of a  handful of books well worth rereading annually.<br />Unlike most business  books, this one is short and easy to read.  The academic language has been  banished, and it is well written.<br />If you want to go beyond The One  Minute Manager to get even better results, you will have to learn and use  other beneficial habits as well.  But you can have all the great ideas in  the world, and if you annoy and stifle everyone around you, not much  will  happen.  So think of this book as necessary for more success, but not  sufficient in and of itself for getting the utmost benefits in working with  others.
6305426651|5.0|It is so rare in the film industry today to see a film released that really captures and defines &quot;unconditional love&quot;.   Some call it a film about the Holocaust, others call it a love story.  The film goes  beyond that to make the viewer really understand what it means to love  someone so selflessly and under incredibly terrifying circumstances, to not  once think of himself, but to make life beautiful for those whom he loves.  It's a concept largely forgotten in an increasingly self-centered society  that defines &quot;love&quot; as how much you can get out of a relationship  rather than what you can bring to it and this film is a splendid and  refreshing reminder of what real love is. I couldn't give this a higher  recommendation.
B000002KAT|5.0|This album is a must have for any serious collector of Rock N Roll; it is like a symphony in the way that is progresses and hangs together. Much of the music played by the hired mucicians was completed on the first take! If  you thought that Van was a pop star first, this album will change your  mind. To my knowledge this was his best performance ever.
6304681496|1.0|There is a school of thought that states that you cannot fully comprehend the impact of a truly great film in one sitting.  It requires a few days to fully come to grips with how fine a film it is, how the characters stay  with you, how scenes and dialogue may haunt you for days.<br />I would like to  use this theory in the reverse;  that you cannot truly appreciate a bad  film for many days afterwards.  At first, you are simply annoyed at having  spent two hours of your life in the futile search for entertainment.  But  over the next few days, you begin to truly loathe the experience.  So it is  with CON AIR.<br />CON AIR is the worst mainstream film I have seen in a  decade, a film so devoid of any ideals other than to make money that it is  downright obscene.  Now, I don't have a problem with mindless  entertainment.  I heartily enjoyed FACE/OFF, which I saw the week after  this.  But where FACE/OFF was a skilled display of mayhem, CON AIR is an  ugly, disjointed, and often vile piece of dreck.<br />The characters are, at  the best boring, and at the least hidesouly insulting stereotypes.  The  action is pathetic, and only exist to service the notion that a big  explosion is far preferable than any real emotion or actual  acting.<br />Speaking of acting, everyone involved reaches career lows.  Nicholas Cage is simply unwatchable.  Steve Buscemi is boring.  John Cusack  is lost.  And John Malcovich wastes his career away.  There was no  consideration given by any actor here other than the opportunity to earn a  paycheck.<br />The directing is hideous.  Simon West proves himself unable to  bring forth even the slightest hint of real empathy for his characters, and  shows only contempt for the audience.  His opening scene, where Cage fights  for the love of his wife, is the funniest scene put to film since THE NAKED  GUN.  Unfortunately, West did not intend it this way.<br />I'm done typing.  I  can't say anything else.  This is easily the worst film of the nineties.s.
B000002UJQ|5.0|There is more meaningful content in the first line of OK Computer than in 99.9% of popular albums today.  &quot;In the next world war, in a jackknifed juggernaut, i am born again.&quot;  Thank you Thom Yorke for  inspiring my soul.
B000002KE2|5.0|I'll tell you a fact: Black Sabbath is the real father of what people call&quot;heavy metal&quot;. It is not Deep Purple nor Led Zeppelin (bands I love). The kind of riff construction typical of heavy metal was first  developed by Tony Iommi (of course influenced by other musicians of the  50's and 60's. After that, trash metal bands and other kind got much better  than Sabbath, but they know who is their masters !
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is a classic, not only does it have a novel concept, but it has amazing visual effects and an incredible sound track.<br />I know what you are thinking, &quot;Keno&quot; Reeves in a good movie?  Trust me, he has  moments that are funny, but he does a great job on this film.  If you are  or are not a Lawrence Fishburn fan, you will find that he really carries  this movie.  HE is an AC-TOR! <br />&quot;Piece&quot;!
B000002KIK|2.0|IT's very hard to enjoy a CD once you know that the band recorded it at their worst phase with Ozzy, and when the musicians themselves say this is a recording they want to forget about. Anyway, it has some of Iommi's  genius in songwriting, and the title track is considered one of Sabath's  classics.
B0000027I6|5.0|This cd was very strange to me when I first listened to it.  I really didn't know what to think.  I have now given it a few listenings and I am addicted.  My problems with this cd are simply these--I don't appreciate  some of Waters lyrics, (they are at times in very bad taste),  I also feel  that he gets hung up on being different at times, (an example would be  every solo cd he has made).  I honestly believe that if Waters had hung  onto this material he wrote in 92' (and not released it either) and got  together with Gilmour in 94' just prior to the recording of The Division  Bell,  they could have made the strongest Floyd album ever.  Both of those  albums are extemely strong on their own but--&quot;it could have been made  into a monster if they had all pulled together as a team&quot;.  What is  really funny is that what each album lacks,  the other has.  Amused To  Death lacks the pure sound that every good Floyd album ever made has  had--at least one or two really pure, sweet sounding tracks.  The Division  Bell lacks that unique Floyd sound,  although they do try like hell to  match it with a few somewhat weak efforts.  Waters vocals are very good on  Amused and he sounds like he is having fun singing.  The Division Bell is  just a pure sounding album that is a delight to my ears but it is just a  little out of sort based on the fact that it doesn't have that grit that  Waters adds to an album.   Well anyway let me tell ya my favorites from  Amused.  The second song &quot;what God wants&quot; is my favorite song and  is just pure listening enjoyment with Waters at his best.  I also really  enjoy &quot;the bravery of being out of range&quot; and &quot;watching  tv&quot;.  I am now finding that every track is exceptional but those 3 are  my favorites.  Buy it and enjoy but don't take the lyrics too serious.  God  bless you and goodnight---
068484267X|5.0|Often while reading this book I felt the hunger pains in my stomach.  It really makes you thankful for whatever you have, it has to be more than what Frank and his family survived on.
B000002KBU|5.0|I actually found this album in my parent's junk box, ready to be trashed. I had never heard of Joni Mitchell, but it was a rainy day and I was bored and, I figured, what the heck. I took it up to my room, and on first  listen, I was like &quot;Okay, this lady's wierd!&quot; but now, I love it.  I have heard her other albums, and they just aren't &quot;Blue&quot;, it's  her best, without a doubt.
B000005DSN|5.0|Another CD with a great work of Stratovarius. Lightning fast melodies, strong and deep lyrics. Timo Tolkki is currently one of the best guitarrists of the world. Buy this CD and you'll know what I'm talking  about. Jorg Michael is the fastest drummer around.  This album miss nothing  to Epsode and Destiny. Excellent CD.
6305282927|5.0|Forget Curly! Will and Ado Annie are the best part of this show. Actually everybody did a great job. The songs are fantastic, the dancing amazing. I get hysterical everytime Laurie tells Judd to &quot;pack up his duds and  scoot!&quot;
6305077630|5.0|Truly one of the great 80's flicks!  Although I loved Lisa meeting &quot;The Parents&quot; and the great blues bar scene, it's hard to single out any part of this movie as the best - I don't think there's 30 seconds  where you won't find yourself at least chuckling.  Like some other  reviewers, my sister and I have spent the last 10+ years using one liners  from the movie on each other - usually to the bewilderment of those around  us!   Along with Breakfast Club and Ferris Bueller, this is a definite  must-have for any of us who were teenagers in the 80's!
0141301074|5.0|Hi, I'm a ten year old girl who has read the book The Twits, by Roald Dahl.  It's disgusting in a way, exciting, and funny.  The BFG was as good as The Twits, but it wasn't disgusting.  The Twits are people that have  three monkeys.  They hate children.  They make bird pie.  Mrs. Twit has a  glass eye.  Mr. Twit has food in his beard which was very long.  I would  recommend this book to people that like funny, exciting, and disgusting  books.
B000028U0Y|5.0|\\"Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison\\" is one of the all-time great albums - a recording so raw and vital that it transcends country music. The restoration of this classic 1968 performance has been a long time coming, and this new reissue is worth the wait. Gloriously  uncensored with three previously unreleased tracks, \\"Folsom  Prison\\" never sounded better.  You feel as though you're behind those  California prison walls.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Most of the time I can take these customer reviews with a grain of salt. They may often be helpful and even sway my desire to purchase if written intelligently. And sometimes they make me wonder why amazon bothers to let  just anyone do a review. Anyone who thinks the &quot;old guy&quot; owes his  success to Rob Thomas needs to climb back into his tree.  Carlos Santana  has been thrilling music fans for 30 years. This cd is probably the best  thing he has done in quite a few years. At first I was a little hesitant  about it because I don't like some of the singers on the cd. But Santana  seems to be playing with new life. His latin and african-carribbean  influences make these songs vibrant. And he began creating great music with  latin rhythms long before it became the latest hot thing, long before it  became a fad.  If you think, like the &quot;fan from the Rob Shrine&quot;,  that Matchbox 20 is THE only music in your personnal tree, then do not buy  this cd. Or any other Santana cd. But if you want some Smooth music with  crisp guitar playing and a vital beat then definitely get Supernatural.
B0000214FS|2.0|\\"Wild Wild West\\" is not a total fiasco, but it's easy to see why this big-budget revamp of the classic TV show never clicked.  Simply put, Will Smith and Kevin Kline are not Robert Conrad and Ross Martin.  There's no chemistry or rapport between Fresh Prince and Shakespeare Boy, which  seriously damages the film's potential. Kenneth Branagh - for all his talents - doesn't hold a candle to Michael Dunn's original Dr.  Loveless. Despite its impressive set design and visual effects, \\"Wild Wild West\\" falls flat. Here's some helpful advice to producers planning big-screen remakes of 1960s TV shows: If you cannot find the right actors, don't bother.
B000021XR5|5.0|STP has came back to us with this gorgeous CD. I love every song on this. I really do believe that this is their best album. STP knows how to make great music and that's exactly what they did with No.4
6305538018|3.0|At first I thought I hated this movie but later realized that among the dozen or so movies I had seen that week this was the only one I remembered clearly later. It has a nightmarish quality sort of like Naked Lunch which  Cronenberg also directed. Not completely satisfying, but you won't soon  forget it...
B00001QEE2|2.0|I think most of the reviewers miss the point. The main question is not whether The Hercules(or Pocahontas, or Mulan, or...you name it) true to historic truth or not. Of course it's not about scholarly accuracy, it's  about entertainment.<br />But it's becoming more and more evident that this  kind of approach to the world best loved myths and stories means Disney  want to play it safe and is not going to experiment. Instead it uses the  same formula again and again - songs, comical sidekicks and the main  characters that look and act more and more the same and heavy promotional  spending.  So now it's mostly routine. And The Hercules is a very self  indulgent movie which is not only inaccurate in details, IT DOES NOT GIVE A  DAMN ABOUT THE SPIRIT OF THE GREEK LEGEND. It just uses the name known to  many and some very vague notions of the myth. They want us to see The World  According to Disney. Sometimes this world is really entertaining - I have  enjoyed The Mulan, even own the DVD - it's a good entertainment. But I've  heard that the Chinese were very much displeased by the movie.  But The  Hercules is so banal and at the same time outlandish, the visuals are  garish - the depiction of Olimpus inhabitants in baby-blue and pink colors  is utterly tasteless! The sidekicks' pranks are predictable, the scenes of  the heroes sacrifice can get an emotional response only at the imbecile  level. It seems that Disney wants to chew our food to make the swallowing  easier.
B0000025YM|5.0|In spite of I am Iron Maiden's fan when I heard this album I realized the quality of Judas Priest, in fact after this copy I bought other discs (Turbo, Screaming for Vengance, British Steel) and I think they are very  good too. My first copy of Defenders of the Faith was in 1985 (in  cassette), regardless of this media I found great sounds and vocals  quality, because of that I decided to get it on CD this year again for  replacing the old media.  Finally,  I recommended this CD as part of your  collection. Buy It and enjoy it.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album is sultry, introspective, angry at times (Limp), gentle at other (I Know), but never flakey.  If you're bored of the same standard pop tunes that are played on the radio today, you might want to sample this  album.<br />I think that her voice takes a little getting used to at first.   And you have to really listen to the songs to appreciate the honesty in the  lyrics and the plays in rhythms and melodies.  This isn't background music.   But if you give it your attention, it'll definitely hook you.
B00001YXH5|5.0|I have experienced Cirque du Soleil's 'Mystere' twice; unfortunately not 'Quidam' and  had always hoped 'Mystere' would be released on video so I could watch it with my daughter - who listens to all of Cirque's  soundtracks with me.  When the 'Quidam' video came out (her and I had  already memorized the soundtrack), we watched and cried and laughed in  unison.  Magic.  At the end, she said: 'Dad, I feel so happy...and sad.'   The Cirque du Soleil spirit is captured very well in both the video and the  audio productions.  John Gilky's pseudo-juggling antics are priceless and  the angelic voice of Audrey Brisson-Jutras sends shivers up and down my  spine.  I wish she and her father - Cirque soundtrack composer Benoit  Jutras - would release a musical project of their own (if they haven't  already).  If one has never seen a Cirque du Soleil show, this video is the  next best thing.  Be sure to have a big-screen TV, surround-sound stereo  system, and an extra large tub of popcorn (but watch out for the usher).
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is a god.  This CD has music from many different genres, from Latin, to Groove, to Blues, to Hip Hop.  But it has Santana's rockin guitar, bluesy with a great latin feel.  Corazon Espinado is the best song  on the CD.  This song grabs you by the guts and makes your hips start  swinging.  You can't help but dance.  It's involuntary!  Buy it,  Smoke up  and enjoy!
0590353403|5.0|I give Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone five stars, because J.K. Rowling does an excellent job of drawing the reader into the story. In the book Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone, the main character is Harry  Potter. Harry's parents were killed by an evil sorcerer named Voldemont.  Then Voldemont tried to kill Harry, but couldn't kill him. If you want to  find out what happens to Harry, you'll have to read the book. I recommend  this book to anyone who can read because it's very funny.
6305169187|1.0|Sorry, but I have to list this as one of the worst films I have ever seen. I enjoy action movies (even bad James Bond films) as much as the next person but I was cringing at the dialogue, the acting, the cardboard, macho  posturing, the cheesy music score, the one-dimensional characters (does Liv  Tyler do anything but look vague and pouty?). This is one of those Bad  Bruce movies. You know, there's the good Bruce (The Sixth Sense) and then  there's......this.
B000031WD9|1.0|Four seniors who are still virgins?  Maybe the writers should check their statistics. And as for &quot;American Pie&quot; representing the youth of the late 90s. I don't think so. This was a lame attempt by a bunch of  clueless 40+. Maybe in American Pieland. Skip it, and go watch &quot;Fast  Times...&quot; or even &quot;Porky's&quot; for that matter.
B000006O7C|5.0|I am probably one of the only teenagers that listen to Jeff Buckley. My dad had bought &quot;Grace&quot; and I was curious. It positively blew me away. I ran to get &quot;Sketches&quot; as soon as it came out.  This is  another side of the artist you first meet when listening to  &quot;Grace&quot;.  This is a genuis, someone who sings from the soul and  not for getting on the national top 40. There is something pure and almost  heartbreaking i have never heard anywhere else.  My favorite track is  &quot;Satisfied Mind.&quot;   If you want something to touch you, buy this  record.
0451191153|5.0|even as i write this, i know that it goes against the whole objective of this book (so to speak).  all i can say is that in my life, ever since reading this book many years ago, i have had one wish....to live in a  building that Roark built...in only that way could i totally experience and  possess him....the mind of Roark, living within the creation of his hands.   and, finally, my being could be celebrated in something worthy.  museindenver@yahoo.com
