B000002H2Z|3.0|The Cure's 'best and most coherent statement?'  Oh, smear this man across the walls / like strawberries and cream! 'The Head on the Door' is the Cure's 'Abbey Road': an album that is highly rated but somehow does not  capture the true essence of the artist. The messiness, the lyrical  quirkiness, of the Cure are better displayed on at least half-a-dozen of  their other albums; and I personally find 'Head' to be the most barren of  the Cure albums musically, when compared to their evocative best.  <br />If  you're going to build up a Cure collection, there are several albums you  should purchase before 'The Head on the Door'. They are (a purely personal  and therefore subjective selection, of course!): 'The Top', 'Pornography',  'Faith' and 'Disintegration'.
B000002J2B|5.0|With the exception of the difficult to find ep, Spot the Pidgeon, this is the last great studio recording Genesis was to make.  With the departure of Steve Hackett, and the impending toxic influence and demands of the music  industry, the demise of Genesis as an innovative progressive force was  about to assume the manifestation of a long, slow, decent into it's last  re-incarnation as a competent, yet hardly innovative, pop-group. Where they  would earn a loyal, and perhaps broader, fan base as a pop band they would  never again equal their creative output of the early to mid-seventies.   This disc, Wind and Wuthering, is really an excellent effort.  Even Your  Own Special Way, although initially dismissed by Genesis fans as being too  commercial, stands up well over time. As a unit, Genesis became a more  equal, cohesive and tight collaborative group upon Gabriel's departure. As  a result, Trick of the Tail, Wind and Wuthering, Spot the Pidgeon and the  live disc, Seconds Out are all excellent recordings well worth the  purchase. Highly recommended...Simon
6302581907|5.0|Sister Act is the story of a woman stuck at a convent through the witness protection program. The movie is funny and upbeat. The songs are deffinetly the best! They keep me singing them all day long.
B00000IN91|5.0|Melodic, poetic, and infused with passion and meaning.  Lauryn is a true artist.  Every song on this CD is good, which isn't something you can say about many albums.  If you've only heard her songs on the radio, you'll be  surprised at her depth and range on the album as a whole.  This is a  masterpiece worth every cent.
6304504012|5.0|Evita was a poweful and moving film. Madonna gave an excellent performance and I am truly inspired every time I see it.
0790733226|5.0|First I'm gonna clarify a few things... They didn't send someone back because A) they thought it was worthless and didn't do anything and the whole thing was a joke and B) It would cost another billion dollars to  rebuild(it was destructed after she used it, remember? Those walls came a  tumbling down.)<br />But this is a good movie that seems like something out of  the forties-sixties.  Not because it has bad special effects, because it  doesn't, but because that was when Hollywood would try new things and  controversial ideas and make wonderful movies with wonderful scripts.  Now,  in the days where everyone is offended at tiny little things, we can't make  movies like that anymore. We have to make movies with a multi-racial,  wholesome cast that always learns a lesson, even if its a shallow one.   Contact has multi-faceted characters, great script, great dialog, and makes  you think about your role in the universe.  Its funny how this movie  produced by an atheist can make value spirituality a little more...
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido, arguably the most talented and original artist to hit the music scene in years, delivers a stunning debut album that will haunt your senses.  Fans who have been craving more Dido after hearing her beautiful  ballad, &quot;Thank You&quot; (featured on the Sliding Doors Movie  Soundtrack), will find that Dido's album far exceeds their expectations.   Dido's genuine and stunning vocal abilities are a welcome respite from the  overdone studio divas Celine Dion and Mariah Carey.  More akin to  Everything But The Girl and Sarah McLaughlin, Dido's music is infused with  the funky beats and effects found in electronica.  Aided by her brother,  Rollo, who has his own band and who co-wrote many of the songs on No Angel,  Dido creates a diverse and engaging album that balances poetic lyrics and a  rich, angelic voice with a variety of jazz and pop sounds -- as well as  some funky beats, edgy samplings and a symphony of winds and strings.  A  rarity these days, the entire album satisfies -- particularly &quot;Don't  Think of Me&quot;, &quot;All You Want&quot; and &quot;Thank You&quot;.   Dido proves to be a formidable figure on the music scene and deserves a  mountain of recognition and praise.  A copy of No Angel should be in every  music lover's collection.
0684867621|5.0|I have been a Stephen King fan for many years and read everything he wrote until &quot;Pet Semetary&quot; -- which was the launching pad for a long string of supernatural horror books. In &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom  Gordon,&quot; King proves his talent is at its best when he writes about  human, rather than supernatural, events. This novel is very believable; it  never strays from the realm of reality. Once again, we see that King can  write a female viewpoint as convincingly as a male. I sincerely hope he  plans more like this.
0380973642|3.0|After reading Neverwhere, which I enjoyed emmensely, I was excited about reading this book.  After I was finished, however, I was rather disappointed.  I would have given this book a rating of two stars until I  read 'Murder Mysteries'.  This great story, by itself, brought the rating  up to three stars.<br />In conclusion, borrow this book and just read 'Murder  Mysteries' (with 'Babycakes' as an appetizer.)
6301777387|5.0|I think M*A*S*H is one of the best movies ever made.  It's no wonder it spawned such an award winning TV show.      But I think that it's a great movie, one of the best, but the TV show has better story lines than the  movie did. Gary Burghoff is the only one from the movie to reprise his role  in the TV show.  Walter Eugene 'Radar'  O'Reilly is one of the best  characters.
B00000BKI4|5.0|I had to listen to this record for a couple of months before i relised how fantastic it really is. I has a kind of cinematic feel, it brings up beauteful pictures in your head. Johnatan donahue and grasshoppers lyrics  are filled with pain and nerve,the instrumentation: the strings,the saw is  far ahead of its time in the way they are used. Deserters songs is the 1998  album that will be remembered forever.
0553108034|5.0|This volume was well worth waiting for.  Fast paced and descriptive...made you want to turn that page to see what was next.  Surprising how many folks bite the dust and the story still goes on!  Looking forward to the next  installment!
B000002MUW|3.0|This a curious cd from Madonna.  The first time you hear it you'd swear it was one of her best.  Yet this cd simply doesn't live up to repeat listening.  &quot;Secret&quot;, &quot;Forbidden Love&quot; and  &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; are the only songs that end up being worth your  time in the end.  The actual song &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; doesn't sound  anything like the rest of the cd (which, in the end, turns out to be a  plus) but I wonder why she didn't just save this track for her next cd  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; (where it would have fit much better)?  If you  really want a good Madonna cd, skip this and pick up either  &quot;Erotica&quot; or &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.
B00000FCBC|5.0|this metallica CD is probably the best one since the black album. although the songs aren't their own, they put their familiar sound to them and make them their own.
0553266306|4.0|Suspenseful, entertaining, a very good read.  Forsyth, though, was a bit slow in caputuring the readers' interest but as the book progressed, the reader is taken in by the plot and suspense to find out what happens next.  I must agree with some of the previous critics though.  Although it was  necessary to give the reader very little direct information about the  Jackal in order to effectively portray his character, a little bit more  subtle or implied information could have been hinted hear and there  concerning his training and so forth.  Aditionally, although the book was a  good read, I felt dissapointed with its ending.  My final  questions were,  &quot;that's it ... is that all?&quot;  However, these final quesitons also  attest to the book's powerful plot and its ability to keep the reader  engrossed to the very end.  In spite of a few shortcomings, it's an  overall good read and I definitely recommend it.  I must commend Forsyth.
6301773551|5.0|The best movie I have ever seen, especially the lightsabers.  George is very creative.
B000005EJL|4.0|Supertramp's last album &quot;Free as a Bird&quot; was disappointing, but had a few tracks that were cathcy that I still listen to (&quot;I'm Beggin' You,&quot; &quot;Free as a Bird,&quot; and especially &quot;A Mind is an  Awful Thing to Waste&quot;). I thought that would be the last album from  Supertramp, so I was very interested in hearing &quot;Some Things Never  Change.&quot; I believe this album is the best Supertramp effort since  &quot;Brother Where You Bound.&quot; Not as good, but the opening number  &quot;It's a Hard World&quot; is more jazz than pop/rock and is a breath of  fresh air. My favorite track is the sardonic &quot;Listen to me  Please&quot; which is a commentary on our infomercial, self-help obsessed  society. Kind of like &quot;Can't Stop a Lover Boy&quot; from 1975's  &quot;Crisis? What Crisis?&quot; It is evident that Supertramp is not the  same since Roger Hodgson left, but remember that last time Rick and Roger  were together they produced &quot;Famous Last Words&quot;, which failed to  live up to expectations and I think revealed that Roger was trying too hard  to turn out cathcy pop tunes while Rick favored a more bluesy jazzy sound.  This, more than anything else, led to the band's breakup. I think any of  Supertramp's post-Hodgson albums is better than Hodgson's best solo effort,  &quot;In the Eye of the Storm.&quot;
B00000IGGA|5.0|This one, again like all of his back catalogue, is great
0571137245|5.0|It should be noted that there is a 1985 PLAY version, not an edition of the French novel (oops). If, like me, you wandered in looking for the novel, wander back out and search under Laclos and get an edition not coauthored by someone named Hampton. That said, it's a good play by a good playwright, and I rather liked the movie made from it. Just be careful about which book you buy, since they all seem to share a common pool of reviews.
0446364495|3.0|For those of you one-star people whose reviews were filled with acrimony--come now.  It's not that bad.  You, too, can enjoy Bridges.  Here's what you do:  some slow summer evening, when you and your loved one  are tired and stressed from your respective workdays, sit down together by  the fire and read each other passages from Bridges.  Soon, you will find  yourselves rolling on the floor with laughter, tears streaming from your  eyes.  (I will always cherish my husband's lengthy speculation on what the  oft-mentioned &quot;old ways&quot; *really* referred to--grandma's baking  secrets? the merits of card catalogues?)<br />Yes, this is perfectly awful  fiction, but a wonderful bonding opportunity nonetheless.
0201633612|5.0|This is an excellent catalog of ideas for &quot;encapsulating the part which varies&quot; (the recurrent theme).  Notably, it proposes several alternatives to inheritance in important applications.  As several others  have noted, the descriptions are too verbose (even the code examples seem  bloated); this is an annoyance rather than a true obstacle.
0783225857|5.0|I first read Harper Lee's Pulitzer winning novel when I was in the 10th Grade, and I watched the movie adaptation soon thereafter.  With this new DVD version of &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot;, I have developed an even  greater appreciation of this timeless story told through the eyes of Scout.   While this story is timeless, I was taken aback to see how much the times  have really changed.  What other story could depict the legal profession in  such a noble manner?  After watching Atticus Finch argue on behalf of Tom  Robinson, there is no one  who could not help but have some great  admiration for the role of the lawyer.  There is much to contrast with our  notion of lawyers today... self-absorbed fictional lawyers such as  &quot;Ally McBeal&quot; and pandering &quot;real-life&quot; lawyers like  the O.J. defense team.  Perhaps this can be attributed to the obvious  nature of evil in simpler times when the values were black and white.  This  DVD version is beautifully re-mastered in B/W...I was especially enthralled  by the scenes of Jem, Scout and Dill at the old Radley House, and of Jem  and Scout's &quot;final journey&quot; together through the woods.  These  Southern gothic scenes evoke all of the childhood fears and insecurities  which most of us remember, over the backdrop of extreme societel repression  and cruel poverty.  The added director's commentaries and featurette are of  tremendous value in further understanding this movie.  &quot;To Kill a  Mockingbird&quot; was fittingly ranked in the AFI's top 100 of the 20th  Century.  This movie was a labor of love and will touch anyone who watches  it.
6303327982|5.0|Now, i'm only 15 years old, but i know a good movie when i see one. Natural Born Killers may not be the most entertaining feel-good movie of all time, but you have to appriciate what point the director was trying to  get across. His point was simply this; the media makes killers superstars.
B00000J2KT|5.0|I am writing to clear up some of the uproar surrounding the 1:1.33 full frame versions of Full Metal Jacket and The Shining being released as part of the Stanley Kubrick Collection.  Before his death, Kubrick personally  oversaw the creation of these DVDs; every detail down to the typefaces used  on the packaging was Kubricks choice (Research has led me to believe this  is true, though I cannot confirm it in any way).  Due to the advent of the  VCR and Kubricks disdain for Pan&amp;Scan,   The Shining (and later FMJ)  were  actually filmed &quot;Full Frame&quot; by Kubrick, and later matted  for theatrical release to avoid Pan &amp; Scan butchery by the movie  studios.  That is why these two DVDs are Full Frame.  We will see the films  as Kubric intended them.  True, I prefer the shape of widescreen; it is  more &quot;stable&quot; and pleasant, compared to 1:1.33, but I'd rather  follw the masters orders...
B00000IQC8|5.0|Unless you want stomach pains for the next 24-48 hours and an uncanny ability to snap off witty one-liners and remember what it was like to SERVE somebody (everybody's gotta serve somebody..) Don't Buy This Film! If  however you do venture down these halls please bring an intellect with a  knack for stringing more than 5 minutes (MTV) of subject matter together  although you will need to keep on your toes because it does move quite  quickly at times. PS - Why do people in IOWA not like this Film??
0876852630|5.0|I read this book 7 years ago when I was somewhat &quot;living the life&quot;, and it resounded deeply in my heart.  I will never forget turning the pages, hoping it would never end.  Truly one of the classics of  20th century American fiction.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Take my word for it, it is awesome.  If you liked Three Dolla Bill Yall$ then you will like this one alot better.  If you wont listen to me, buy it and see for yourself!!!!!
6305365121|5.0|Movie critics are pack animals. As soon as someone made the observation that the odd-numbered Star Trek movies seemed to be worse than the even-numbered, the hack-critics started repeating this ad nauseum. Dare we  forget that Generations was a good movie? Well, Insurrection is quite good  as well. I liked it the first time I saw it in the theatre, but recently  rented it on video and was surprised to find that it was more entertaining  on second viewing. So, rent it until the price falls, then buy it. It's a  worthy addition.
B000000W5B|5.0|Did anyone notice that in the inside jacket (of the CD version)Keith Richards is twice referred to as Keith Richard ? Nontheless, a terrific album, lets get real, its not the Stones very best effort, but certainly it  is better than 99% of all music out there.  &quot;Coming Down Again&quot;,  &quot;Angie&quot; &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;Winter&quot; are great  songs that have stood the test of time.
0792838084|5.0|Absolutely perfect - Wow.  They don't make 'em like this anymore.  Loved the movie and the surrealism of the story.  It was perfectly balanced between total disclosure and mindful interpretation.  Lynch hasn't had that  balance since - not even with Fire Walk.  When I read his book &quot;Lynch  on Lynch&quot; I was disappointed at the outright denial of straight story  line from him.  I think Blue Velvet is a magnificent straight line movie  with mysteriousness so critical to his past stuff like Eraserhead and  Elephant Man.  I loved the movie and loved the music too.
B00000ICD9|1.0|I agree with the other people who gave this movie 1 star.  This movie is boring.  This movie is very boring.  In fact, this movie is very very boring.  I could not finish watching the movie because it was so boring.  I  wasted my money on it.
6300151379|5.0|My 3 daughters watched this while they were growing up and literally wore the tape out.  I'm an 'old' David Bowie fan from his beginning time and this move brings back some of that zing!  I've scoured the re-sale shops,  yard sales, garage sales--surely there are more of us waiting for a  re-release.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This soundtrack is awesome! John Williams has, once again, shaped the Star Wars universe with his music. One of the best parts is on &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot;: at the end of a musical phrase, you can hear part of the  &quot;Imperial March&quot;. Even if you're only a minor Star Wars fan, you  need to get this CD!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|the offspring joined the mainstream and then changed like most bands do after they join the mainstream that change started with ixnay on the hombre and finished with this album ixnay was good this is not
B00000IPAX|5.0|With this cd Blink182 has gone to a sort of new sound.  They have written more full tunes accompanied with some stronger singing, and yes, harmonics.  They took out all the intro crap from the last cd, which really detracted  from Dude Ranch.  I have every Blink cd released including Buddha, and this  one just blows them all away.  Everyone should buy this cd.
6303471714|4.0|This tape has done wonders for my body.  It actually has decent music playing in the background.  It does seem to be produced so that while the woman exercises, the man just watches Crawford.  Exercising in a bodice,  I'll have to try it...
B00000BKDW|4.0|This is a great album with awesome powerful vocals from Dickinson and great duel guitar from Murray and Smith!!!<br />Whoever said Fear of the DArk, Virtual XI and X Factor were better is a real idiot, and doesn't know real  metal, especially if he thinks Blaze Bailey is better than Dickinson......
0449002632|4.0|The depth of Rutherfurd's research left me in awe.  One thing that occassionally irritated me (and what cost him a star)is Rutherfurd's tendency toward didacticism.  A storyline within a chapter flows nicely  until--surprise!--there appears a paragraph one might expect to find in a  textbook.  Still, the book was a lot of fun for me to read.  I especially  enjoyed the Tudor-Stuart chapters and Rutherfurd's treatment of religious,  social, and political reform throughout the book.  A good read for folks  with good attention spans and the ability to suspend their disbelief.  The  characters of Rutherfurd's imagination have some wonderful, whimsical close  encounters with the rich and (in)famous throughout the tome.
B000002IPZ|3.0|I just want to take issue with the first review on this page by joey from the Bronx...While &quot;Souls&quot; may not be Testaments best effort, there are some great songs on it. &quot;Seven days in May&quot; is  legendary as has stood the test of time...its still worthy almost 10 years  later and is still played by many hard rock stations...as is &quot;Face in  the Sky.&quot; Additionally, The Ritual is a great record, its not meant to  be listened to with 80s thrash ears. Its a 90s thrash album, similar to  many thrash bands' updated more diverse sound in the early 90s era. Chuck  Billy is without a doubt one of the most talented vocalists on the  thrash-death scene today. He was great with his mostly singing style on  &quot;Practice&quot;, &quot;Souls&quot;, and earlier efforts and he is even  better on recent records like &quot;Low&quot;, and &quot;Demonic&quot; (I  havent heard &quot;The Gathering&quot; yet) with his new style, that  incredibly chorused deep throated and bass effected, raw and aggressive yet  sweet and almost tonal voice that puts him in a league far beyond other  vocalists.
B000002LOE|5.0|If you don't own it by now ,your lost! Its great buy It NOW,you'll love i
B00000DGUG|4.0|One of those albums that you have to listen to a few times before you love it.  Similar to Tori Amos' 'From the Choirgirl Hotel'... in that its an album totally different to its preceder but still really good.
B000002BYD|5.0|Just more proof Pearl Jam never faded away... tons of great track
6305252521|2.0|It still baffles my mind that critics like Siskel and Ebert found this movie extraordinary. I remember Roger Ebert actually saying &quot;movies like this one were why he became a critic in the first place.&quot; The  whole idea behind this movie is a great one, but the story itself is what  makes this movie only a faint memory in my mind. Here's a big problem, most  every camera shot used was that of the perspective of what an actual T.V.  viewer of The Truman Show would see. This makes it hard for us as the  viewer to really get close to Truman's character. And another note, do we  need to have the T.V. show creator's name be Christos, the symbolism in  this movie is enough to choke a horse. If you want to see a really good  movie that is along these lines rent EdTV, I'll grant you it is not a high  concept movie, but I found myself more enthraled with the characters and  the story than in The Truman Show. And if you think Carrey should have been  nominated for Best Actor for this, rent The Cable Guy and see what an  excellent actor he really is.
B000001EC1|5.0|Listen, I was never one who felt their radio hits were their best songs.  That being said, this album is very good for remembering the late 80's and early 90's.  Someday, they will release a box set and then we will get the  really good stuff all on a few cd's.  Songs like &quot;Edge of a Broken  Heart&quot;, &quot;Save a Prayer&quot;, &quot;Love is War&quot;, and  &quot;634-5789&quot; are the songs that I truly love from the band.  Buy  this cd and enjoy it, but always keep in the back of your mind the great  songs are the ones we are truly waiting for.
6304806426|1.0|After its dramatic sweep of the Academy Awards, I was finally compelled to see this &quot;masterpiece,&quot; after all the Academy couldn't be wrong. Well they were and so is every imbicile that tells you this movie was  &quot;riviting&quot; or that it was a beautifully trajic love story. Here's  a piece of advice, if you want the viewer to be captured in the couple's  forbidden love, first you have to make us care about the characters  themselves. A Pauly Shore movie has more dimension. If you want to see a  love story worth its salt go rent True Romance or Like Water for Chocolate.
B000002HJD|5.0|When will Jim Morrison be recognized for what he truly is. One of the most talented and important American poets of the twentieth century. Possibly one of the finest poets in the English language ever. His poetry should be  taught in college courses alongside Byron, Keats, and Shelley.
0879516410|5.0|Beautiful photography and memorable prose (from Derek Jarman) make this far more than a coffee table book. The garden itself is superb. Having visited the garden in Dungeness I can confirm that it is as splendid as the  book suggests. I understand that Derek wanted to be buried in a  glass-topped coffin in the garden. I can understand his attachment.
0380789019|2.0|Even then, you might not like it. Gaiman is a competent writer, capable of holding a story together and presenting a whole array of coherent characters. Unfortunately, this book reminds me of some of the fantasies I  read when I was 15. At the time, I accepted them as semi-interesting  stories, lacking depth (in characterization, in message, in  storyline),  but nonetheless worth the read. Perhaps I value my time more now than then,  but parts of this book were boring and the characters were flatter than  Eric. The humor and characters seemed to be aimed at a younger crowd, but  occasional scenes and thoughts were very grown up. A strange mix that  doesn't, at least for me, work.
0871137380|5.0|I spent 10 months in Somalia, arriving after this incident.  Bowden has truely captured the essence of the Somali people, politics, country, and the mission.  One of the best battle narratives I have read.
0380973464|2.0|I had already invested several hundred pages of my time here based on the pre-release reviews. In retrospect I wish I hadn't.<br />I kept waiting for the pace to pick up, for it to get better - it didn't. <br />This is  definitely a book for insomniacs looking for a cure. You keep reading  though, hooked just to see how someone could go on like this for about a  thousand pages and never say anything significant but hoping that they do!
0553269631|1.0|I thought it was very boring. We had to read this for our english class and our teacher kept saying how great this book was but i didnt like it at all. I thought it was the worst book i ever read. It doesnt deserve any  stars
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album combines the cool grooves and beats of Everything Is Wrong with the trippy half of Animal Rights, and is a real evolution for Moby.  Awesome!
B00000258P|5.0|it is an awesome album, and it's my favorite out of all of them. This CD has great music on it.
1559408758|5.0|I still laugh out loud, even after 30 viewings.  The scene with the cucumber &amp; the metal detector: need I say more?
6303471714|5.0|I have many many workout tapes and I find that I like to mix and match them according to what I am in the mood for.  Cindy's workout is the one I do the most.  The actual workout is great and intense.  Contrary to this, I  find that there is too much strain on the knee joints, being a person with  knee problems.  I have found ways to work around this though.  Another  thing I didn't like about the workout is that Cindy goes way too fast to  place any emphasis in working muscles like when she does her arm exercises.   Radu counts too fast, is somewhat annoying, and I find myself wondering  why the guy is even there.  On another note, I have found this to be an  excellent workout if you commit yourself to it and go at your own pace.  I  have definitely noticed a difference in my overall appearance. This and  other workouts has helped me tone up lose almost 30 pounds and counting.
079284078X|3.0|I think this movie is OK, but the actors have pretty funny accents
B000002H3E|5.0|Dokken at it's very finest. It's available right here at amazon so you don't need to be a hunter to find this c.d. I wouldn't lie to you, so buy it and watch out for the lighting strikes as you unchain the night.
0784011214|5.0|This film is absolutely a classic. 1st and 3rd part wasn't so good, in fact, not at all. On the other hand, this is fantastic movie. Music is great, atmosphere is great, I have no reason why not give all 5 stars to  this movie.
6303282237|5.0|&quot;El Cid&quot; is Hollywood's greatest epic film by a long margin . Epics were fashionable between 1956 and 1963 which aimed through their spectacle and technology at getting patrons back into cinema seats after  the damage TV had done to business . Anthony Mann's 50s westerns with James  Stewart were the mythical , psychological and visual highpoint of that most  mythical of genres . All Mann's virtues as a director of westerns have been  transferred to this lofty story of medieval Spain . Charlton Heston was  probably the only actor of his time  with the authority and physical grace  to carry with complete conviction and credibility a role of such heroic  weight -this is far and away his best screen performance. Mann's imagery  resonates through its clean , classical lines and stately compositions (and  its awesome control of colour-greys , whites ,  blacks and browns). Miklos  Rosza's intelligent score , based on medieval Spanish themes , lends the  appropriate gravitas to complement Mann's visual imagination. Philip  Yordan's necessarily stylised screenplay conveys the film's thoughtful mix  of action and reflection . Sophia Loren is exquisitely lovely as the  complex Chimene .  And only Heston could have carried off the thrilling and  uplifting finale where as a corpse strapped to his horse , he stirringly  rides into legend-and the glory accorded to all mythical heroes .
B00000J2KT|5.0|For some reason when I originally saw Full Metal Jacket I liked the first part of the film much better. Maybe it was the fact that Lee Emory's character was gone and in his own he made up so much of it early on. But,  after watching this film on laser disc a few times I started to really  appreciate the Vietnam scenes. When any film loses a character of such  strength and scene stealing prescence as Full Metal Jacket did. Well it has  a tendency to slow down a little, lose its pacing. With time I began to  appreciate both parts of this film and I saw that it didn't lose anything.  That Kubrick wanted it to get darker and Emory's death was the perfect way  to introduce the viewer to Vietnam. Kubrick began on a high and ended on a  low and that's what the film is all about. The destruction that war can  take on a young man's soul. There is no joking at it's climax as they march  singing the theme song to the Mickey Mouse Club. They've come full circle,  they are not just destroyers but have been destroyed themselves. This a  great movie! I never get tired of seeing it and it gets better with time.  Kubrick left us but his work lives on.
B00000ICD9|3.0|I bought this movie strictly for the FX, so I was not expecting much...  figured it would be a ho-hum, manipulative tear-jerker, and so it is. OK, OK, I shed a tear when the dog showed up in Heaven, what can I say... But  those FX!  As eye candy this movie rates higher than most anything since  Fantasia.  The FX are of a whole new order. They open up a new era of  possibility in fantasy, horror, and SF film-making.<br />I agree with the pro  reviewer who didn't find any chemistry between the leads.  I found these  two &quot;soul mates&quot; pretty unconvincing, so that rather weakened the  most basic premise.  It's not that the leads were incompetent actors, they  emoted like crazy and conveyed pain and grief and all that stuff;  it's  just that they did not as successfully emote a steady tenderness and  intimacy -- nor was there sufficient backstory between their &quot;meet  cute&quot; moment and their later (wow, so affluent!) domestic existence.   Did they really have to be such yuppies?  could this story not have been  realized using more ordinary citizens?<br />I really have mixed feelings about  the &quot;disguising&quot; of characters in the post-mortal world.  The  director may be trying to make a &quot;profound&quot; statement about  people's external appearances being irrelevant to the real person inside --  OK, I'll give them some benefit of the doubt.  But on the other hand,  there's something unpleasant about a cine-world in which the only non-white  people turn out to be just masks for the protagonist's whitebread teenage  kids.  Good intentions or no, I didn't care for that touch.<br />I'm sure I  will watch it again, just to wallow in all that lush visual beauty.  I may  even sniffle a bit over the dog the 2nd time around.  But fundamentally  folks, this is Disney fare dressed up in a marvelous coat of many colours.   The beautiful plumage distracts us from the triteness of the story, the  shallowness of the character development, and the uneven writing.  Imagine,  just imagine, if all that technical wizardry had been wedded to a  first-rate script, something with the power and grace, of, say, The Lion in  Winter... or a full-BBC-cast version of the Screwtape Letters.... dream  on...
B0000020C4|5.0|This is the les mis YOU are looking for if you want the BEST singers,Best performance,best musical,and best deal. What else can i say&gt;&gt;this is my favourite musical and it will NEVER get boring to listen to. TRUST ME
B0000047GA|5.0|I was there when this band was playing opposite Herbie Hancock at the Village Vanguard.  Tony had just brought John McLaughlin over from England, and he was recording 'In a Silent Way' with Miles at the time.  I was  totally blown away by the garage band sound and the exotic, funky Bley  tunes.  This was art.  I wore out a stylus and the vinyl long ago.  I  remember the old ampeg amp and the stratocaster, the Hammond B3 and the  mike inside the hi-hat cymbal.  Wish I could give another 5 stars.
6305426651|5.0|This movie has it all...Humor, love story, drama, and emotion that will rip your heart out.  This is my favorite movie of the year!  You have to buy it!  It is DEFINITELY worth the money!!!
080013799X|5.0|Of all the Monty Python Movies, this one takes the cake! No other movie (or skit for that matter) from Monty Python can possibly top the fantastic performance they did in this film. It'll have you dying of laughter from  the opening credits (literally) to the very end. Now, stop reading this and  buy the video!
0790736314|5.0|I have loved horror movies my entire life and have seen everything worth seeing and quite a number of dogs that deserved the garbage can.  None of these films (The Omen, Halloween or Amityville Horror included) scared me  beyond the moment.  &quot;The Exorcist&quot; however, is the exception to  the rule.  I saw it for the first time when I was twelve and I thought I  would die from terror.  I was literately trembling.  To this day, I cannot  watch this film alone and even then, I find myself sweating and positively  stricken with horror.  This films images are so intense and horrifying that  they physically shake the viewer.  I am neither squeemish nor easily   shocked, (I have seen some gruesome pictures in my day, believe you me) but  this film inspired feelings in me I never thought possible.  Truly a  masterpiece of terror, but it still scares me too much to watch it  casually.  I'm really curious about the behind the scene documentary that's  included in the 25th Anniversary issue, but just the thought of  experiencing this film again makes my stomach queasy with fear.
B000002HH2|5.0|I must admit that I have a fetish for Bjork and PJ Harvey, so I don't claim to be objective. But honestly, this is really a relevant CD for anyone interested in decent mainstream pop music. Bjork can turn her limits  (naive vocal technique, an icelandic accent you could cut with a knife)  into peculiar qualities. She is unique in her ability to couple unusual  harmonic passages with quirk turns of phrase and superb arrangements. This  album defies classification -- there's big-band jazz, trip-hop, electronic  dance, &quot;sugarcubes&quot;, trance, soundtrack-like strings, even traces  of Abba's notorius pop. This is an album that has not created a genre like  &quot;Dummy&quot; by Portishead, but is vastly superior to it and many  other for its musicality, originality, literary quality and sense of humor.  &quot;Homogenic&quot; is equally good, but much more tense and influenced  by the Bristol scene.
0684830515|5.0|Hemingway's genius was firmly rooted in what was not written more than what was.  One of the most truthful first-person accounts ever (and quite autobiographical at that), this is living prose.  The narrator conveys what  he wants us to know, not caring to ponderously examine every tidbit of his  life to somehow reveal the 'truth'.  Through this Hemingway more clearly  defines his main character than he ever could through writing.
B000002L61|4.0|&quot;Last In Line&quot; continues more of the same from Dio's debut.  The only songs that hold this album back from matching its predessor are &quot;Mystery&quot; (which is too pop-ish) and  &quot;Egypt (The Chains are  On).&quot;    Otherwise these songs sound like they were recorded on the  &quot;Holy Diver&quot; sessions, except for maybe &quot;We Rock,&quot;   which blasts out with more energy than probably anything he has previously  recorded.  Other favorite tunes include: &quot;Last in Line,&quot;  &quot;I  Speed At Night&quot; and &quot;One Night in the City.&quot;  This is a  worthy addition to Dio's outstanding catalog.
0899663036|5.0|Anyone who likes history will love this.  History of turn of the century Brooklyn unfolds before our eyes.  But this is more than that, it is the story of a family, a very real, flawed family.  This in not a sit-com  family, where everyone is happy all the time and the biggest choice is what  to wear to the prom.  This is a gritty reality, sometimes good, sometimes  terrible.  I was unhappy when the story ended, loving the characters too  much, but I was also glad that the author ended it when she did, not  dragging out the tale too long.  She left me wanting more, which is the  best I can ask of any character.  Actually, it seems hard to think of these  as characters, they seem like real people.
079283965X|4.0|Just wanted to add to my previous review.  I do have this video in my library.  I think Pierce is the best Bond ever.<br />Really!
B00000AFFI|4.0|I consider myself a rational agent except when it comes to PJ Harvey and Bjork; so please don't expect useful insights for this lines. I beg to differ from previous reviews stating that this album is a second coming of  &quot;To bring you my love&quot;. It is in fact very different; more  melodic, and more narrative where the previous was lyric. Yet I am not  ecstatic about it. There are some superb ballads like &quot;Angelene&quot;,  &quot;The Garden&quot; and &quot;Is this this desire?&quot;, and some  non-melodic songs which are complete and coherent (&quot;Electric  Light&quot;). To call them &quot;experimental&quot;, like someone did,  would have been appropriate 20 years ago. But there are songs in this CD  that heve incomplete melodies: they seem to be AABA, and then... there is  no chorus! &quot;The Wind&quot;, &quot;A perfect Day, Elise&quot;,  &quot;Catherine&quot; and &quot;The River&quot; are just poor, uninspired  songs that shouldn't have made it to a major release. PJ's superb voice and  sleek arrangement don't redeem her compositional sins. My advice is to  program your CD player according to your tastes, not mine of course, and to  skip her momentary lapses of style. She can still sing amazing lines like  &quot;Dear God, life ain't kind/  People getting born and dying/  But I've  heard there's joy untold/  Lays on that open road in front of me.&quot;
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley's Grace is quite possibly the best example of musicianship I have ever heard.  This CD showcases Jeff Buckley's ethereal, shape-shifting voice as well as his inspired guitar work.  The lyrics and arrangements of  this collection lead me to believe that Jeff Buckley was truly working on a  whole other plane.  Every single track whether it be ballad (&quot;Lilac  Wine&quot;) or barn burner (&quot;Eternal Life&quot;) is laced with raw  emotion and an intensity that can overwhelm the listener's senses.  This CD  is the ultimate antedote for all the musical drivel that has flooded the  market.  Jeff knew what he was doing and I'm glad he and his band chose to  share the brilliance with us.  Now buy this CD!
B000002MY3|3.0|Did alanis get a dictionary before she wrote ''Ironic''?No I don't think so!Let me tell you somthing ''Ironic'' was a very popular song in 1996 but when alanis wrote it she used ''Ironic'' in the wrong way!She was very  close to using the word correctly.Alanis sold like,over ten billion records  and a lot of those people made fun of her for using the word ''Ironic'' in  the wrong way.They didn't think it was proper.So befor you buy this,think  twice!
B000002BMD|5.0|Though their musical style is primarily hard rock, on each record the Manic Street Preachers have managed to sound different. However, Everything Must Go stands out because it stands out as their most focused effort to  ignite their contradictions. On Everything Must Ago, they've added a  alternative/grungy sheen to their guitar roar, raw indeed. They've also  added strings, harps, and organs on half of the song. Stuff that bands like  Embrace, Oasis, and Verve have made popular again since. Moreover, it's  never been more clear that the lyrics are the effort of two men, Richey  Edwards and Nicky Jones. Where Richey's lyrics rival Kurt Cobain's or Ian  Curtis's in poignant bleakness, Nicky's are hard, but fighting reflections.  But, the true highlight, and what makes these elements colesce the Manics  is singer/actual songwriter/guitar slinger James Dean Bradfield. On this  record, he has completely stripped the excesses of previous Manics records  and composed 12 tighly written, memorable, pop rock anthems that would make  Oasis proud. On his lead, the band plays with the desperation and grit of a  band fighting through their ghosts. Which is the point. Even on the  string-laden songs (&quot;Design for Life&quot;, for example), what comes  through is sheer force and intelligence. By paring down excess, the Manics  have managed to marry the music and the lyrics more successfully than they  have before and as few since, truthfully, Nirvana.<br />For many Manics fans,  this is not their best work.  But, in the same way that &quot;The Black  Album&quot; represents Metallica in essence, Everything Must Go represents  the pure aspects of the Manic's body of work. Moreover, it's one of the  most bruising, yet exhilirating hard rock records made this decade.
079283965X|4.0|As much as I loved Pierce in this one, I feel it could have been more romantic.<br />I loved all of the action, and I think Pierce has brought the character along very well.  This time his Bond is a little stronger.<br />I  did love the scene between him and Paris.  You see a man who truly does  still care for Paris.  He doesn't man handle her in a chauvanistic way.  He  is gentle and loving with her.  Even though hed does bite her on the lip.   That was exciting in the love scene.  I wish there had been more scenes  like that in the film.<br />I'll be anxious to see what he does with Bond in  his 3rd Bond movie, &quot;The World Is Not Enough.&quot;
B00000IPAX|5.0|first:  BUY THIS CD. However, these new Blink songs are not like Dude Ranch or Chesire Cat's tracks.  Most of these new songs are like the #1  HIT &quot;What's My Age Again&quot;. They have great tunes that you will  love to hear, even if Blink isn't as fast as before.  <br />I think this CD  would appeal to more listeners, not just the hardcore fans of the old Blink  music, because the CD is different than old blink in a good way.  It is  less hard punk (which we love) and a little more alternative punk with  slower (but good) sounds in the music.  All in all, Blink still did a great  job on a new CD that feels great to hear, not just for the old Blink fans,  but for the new ones.<br />Sometimes I wish the words were more clear, cuz you  can't understand them at first.  But once you listen up and really learn to  love the music, every song is even better.  Blink fans: BUY it.   &quot;What's my Age Again&quot; fans you'll love it too.
6301773551|5.0|Negative reviews are acceptable, mindless spewing of negativie criticism without reason is not.  Star Wars is an epic story that unsurprisingly to me, has lived on stronger than most (not all) stories. I agree that much of  the acting is not oscar worthy (and so it didn't win an oscar for acting,  so what), the plot is very simple, but Star Wars is an endearing epic that  is known on a global level.  It has an enormous fanbase, larger than any  other movie I know (if you don't believe me, you should look a bit deeper  before dismissing this offhand).  The faults that may be present in Star  Wars are far outweighted by its ability to render the strongest of emotions  from an audience. Star Wars (all 4) are my &quot;favorite&quot; movies of  all time.  Remember, someone's &quot;favorite&quot; movie does not  necessarily equate to &quot;best&quot; in terms of acting, plot, etc.
014028009X|3.0|. . . but extremely depressing on another.  While I found the novel entertaining, and laughed out loud at some of Bridget's observations, I couldn't help but become depressed at the obvious sense of identity so many  women have with Bridget Jones. As a few others have pointed out, her  obsessions are sadly shallow when she seems to have the potential for so  much more.  I can't imagine what a horror it must be to go through life  constantly cataloging minute fluctuations in your weight, and counting  every calorie you consume -- not to mention being totally destroyed by any  remotely negative sign from a male object of desire.  I'm a 27-year-old  single woman, and I don't live my life this way.  I'm horrified to discover  that so many women apparently do.  In the end BJD is, as I said, extremely  depressing -- because Bridget is ultimately deeply needy and completely  dependent on male attention for her self-worth.  Yuck!
6304032579|5.0|I think Pierce is the best Bond ever. I brought this video as soon as it came out for sale.<br />Pierce made me become a die-hard James Bond fan.  I never was a die-hard fan before he took the part.  But since he took the  part, I look forward to seeing all of his James Bond movies at the theatre  and on video.<br />Goldeneye brought a new sensitive Bond to the silver  screen.<br />Pierce's Bond is elegant, but hard-edged.  He is a no nonsense  Bond.  His Bond is not comical like some of the Bonds in the eighties, such  as Moonraker, Octopussy, and A View To a Kill.<br />When they said once you  see Brosnan as Bond, you will forget all about Sean and Roger in the role  they were not kidding.<br />His Bond has that deep, soft, sexy voice.<br />I  think Pierce taking this role has given him more of a chance to proove  himself as a sexy leading man than he ever did before.<br />He was known for  his TV movies, mini-series, and of course for Remington Steele, but Bond  has given him a chance to proove that he can be taken as a serious  actor.<br />I just love him as Bond.  His Bond shows a vulnerability and  warmth, and I think that is important for these times.<br />I just love him.  Move over Sean Connery, Pierce Brosnan is James Bond.
6301768809|4.0|First Blood is the story of a Special Forces Vietnam veteran John Rambo who returns home to America to find that he doesn't fit in. Hiking throught the Pacific Northwest Rambo finds out that his best freind from Nam has  died from agent orange induced cancer. He wanders off and in a nearby town  encounters a small town sheriff who first harasses him and then arrests  him. Rambo busts out of jail using the skills that were taught to him in  Nam. It turns out that Rambo was a member of an elite special forces group  and that he is in essence a killing machine.      Most of the movie  revolves around Rambo  taking to the woods with the local police and then   the State Police and National Guard giving chase.  Of course they are no  match for Rambo who is able to demonstrate his fighting skills admirably.       The action sequences in this film are excellent.  Stallone is at his  best as the crazed predator hunting down the inept police force. The film  holds your attention and is interesting to the end. The only downside is  the final speech given by Stallone which is so rambling and hard to  understand that it could put the audience to sleep.  Stalllone is best when  he is not talking but attacking and this is what made this film 4 stars.
0679777547|2.0|This may be a \\"beach book for intellectuals\\", but it is certainly not one for the less sophisticated reader who just likes a good read.   Those of us without a solid foundation in medieval satanic practices and a PhD in  literature might have trouble with all the allusions.  And for the mystery  lover, there are too many red herrings and enough loose ends to knit a  sweater.  Even the sub-plot of Corso and the green-eyed beauty seemed  gratuitous and implausible.
6301773551|4.0|When you stop dreaming then you die!  This isn't about making a perfect movie for adults who have given up those dreams.  This is about making a movie for adults who still find life as an adventure and for kids who have  not yet stopped dreaming.  Alot of things in our life, in this world would  not have happened but for those who still knew how to explore and  dream...and make those dreams come true.  If you're one of those who are  not afraid to dream, then this is the movie for you.  If you've stopped  dreaming then I pity you.  This is not for the jaded.
079283965X|5.0|I forgot to add to my previous review.<br />I just cried, as did the other women in the theatre, when Bond goes back and finds Paris dead on his bed in his hotel room.<br />There was not a dry eye in the theatre among the women  audience.<br />I really felt sorry for Bond in that scene.  It shows his  vulnerability and warmth as a person in that scene.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez is a great vocalist and she has alot of talent... If she keeps it up she will go far in her singing career, and I'd recomend this cd to anyone who is looking for something good.
6301773551|5.0|it's amazing how someone, George Lucas, could take a fairy tale plot, and make into such a great tirlogy, (and more episodes to come also) i mean think about it, farm boy who noone cares about, (luke) he doesn't know  anything about his real parents, he comes across a wise old man, (obi wan)  who trains him to become this white knight, or Jedi...this Jedi, then saves  the lovely princess, with along side you have your rebelious night, (hon  solo) and your evil wizard, (vadar), its amazing how you could take a  million year old fairy tale, and tell it like this!! it's phenomenonal!!  IT'S GREAT!! STAR WARS RULES!!
0374172897|5.0|A beautiful book...brilliantly nuanced and intimate on a tragic level.  Read Mrs. Dalloway first though to really gain a full appreciation for the beauty of what Cunningham has done.
0783222475|5.0|I think this is probably one of the best disaster films I have ever seen.  <br />Pierce is great as Dr. Harry Dalton.  The character is sensitive, caring, romantic, of course handsome, and sexy.<br />Pierce gets to step out  of the shadow of Bond completely, but becomes a hero when he has to save  Rachel, her children and Ruffy, the dog from Dante's Peak.<br />I own this one  on video.  I saw it 10 times at the theatre, because Pierce is the star of  it.
B000002L3P|4.0|Kenny Wayne Shepherd's second CD is just a bit of a letdown.  There are some very memorable songs on this CD (Slow Ride, Everything's Broken, and Somehow, Somewhere, Someway are my favs), but they don't add up to much  more than fluff. The vocals leave much to be desired.  If you're a fan of  SRV (the greatest blues guitarist of all time) and plan on comparing KWS to  him...you'll be dissapointed.  All in all, a few excellent songs that  you'll find yourself humming for quite a while. But, nothing to write home  about.
0375707972|2.0|The author makes important points about responsibility to other people. However, the story and characters seem to be tools to deliver his message.  The book reads well, but the characters are not convincing.  However, it is  more interesting than reading a philosophy book.
0393316041|5.0|I thought it was a wonderful autobiography because Feynman shared all his comical incidents and how he progressed as a physicist at the same time.  Not only did I laugh out loud, but I know a lot more about physics!   Overall, I recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn about an  incredible personality and the genius of Richard Feynman.
0783222475|5.0|I have this one in my video library too
6300271439|4.0|This movie was definately one of her cutest and funniest. Well, as a nine year old, it appealed to me tremendously. Now, it's still a good movie...maybe not oscar material...but hey, not many movies are. I wish  there were more cute movies like this out there:)
6304458894|4.0|I just brought this one from you.  I tried taping it off of Fox last Friday, but it's hard to cut the commercials and get it looking right.  So I just brought it from you.<br />I loved Pierce's character, Dr. Donald  Kessler.<br />It's a far cry from Bond.  It's a comedy role, and Pierce looked  like he was having the time of his life in it.<br />There should have been  more of him though.<br />He made the movie more interesting.  Having someone  that was trying to predict that the Martians were going to be peaceful and  then having it backfire on them.  Well it's sort of tragic, but yet ironic.   <br />The movie was a comedy spoof of the old Martian invades earth type  movies, such as War of the Worlds.<br />Anyway, he was great!
0385493800|5.0|I have read all of John Grisham's books and was disappointed with his previous book, &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot;.  I was anxious to read &quot;The Testament&quot; so I could see if he would return to his original  form.  I am happy to say that he is definitely back to his extremely good  original form.  This book was well researched and is great fun to read.  I  found it difficult to put down and I would recommend it to anyone.
0767819179|4.0|I don't have this one in my library, simply because there is not enough of Pierce.<br />I loved his character of Alex in this film, but there could have been more of his character.<br />I wish there would have been more of a  relationship develop between Alex and Rose.<br />I felt sorry for Alex in the  end, because Clair left him and then Rose left him.<br />Rose always had a  place for Alex in her heart. Even though Alex didn't love her til her big  make-over, I got the impression that Alex did care about her.  He was the  one I felt sorry for in the movie, because Rose gets her man, and he is  left all alone.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson has now proven he can break the SF genre.  His publishers would be doing him a singular disservice if they market this book as pure SF (although it clearly qualifies), since that would limit its potential  readership.  His travels in recent years (following a new undersea cable as  reported in Wired magazine) have opened up new parts of the world to his  readership.<br />This novel integrates World War II espionage, long buried  secrets, submarine warfare, high-tech cracking and hacking, along with the  Perl source code to an innovative yet effective low-tech cryptosystem.   It's accessible to any mystery, adventure or war novel reader, and the  technology doesn't get in the way of the action and character  development.<br />Neal Stephenson has joined the select list of authors that I  will always buy in the hardback version.  His essays on technology and the  Internet are worth a look at too (see  [...])<br />Finally, as if we needed further proof  that truth is stranger than fiction, check out this news story that  connects with many of the themes in Stephenson's new book:  <br />[...]
B000000OMB|5.0|I find the review of this album very puzzling, indeed, for I find this album to be very uplifting  and interesting, as a musical work.  Therefore, I would have to give a five star rating and ignor the very bombastic  overtones of the critic's review.
B000007RV5|5.0|This CD is so cool because it has awesome songs like Faith, Stuck, etc
B000001IPL|5.0|This is easily as good or better than Americana. The songs are extremely catchy and hard, esp. Bad Habit, Self Esteem, Come out and Play, and What Happened to You. Great road rage lyrics on Habit. While I don't agree that  they've sold out(there it is again), this cd probably is better than their  new one.
B00000DFTH|4.0|The classics are played with a few surprises in there.  The two new songs could be really good if it wasn't for Ozzy's lacking lyrical ability.  Geezer wrote most of the lyrics in the old days.  Ozzy can sing but he just  isn't a poet (Perry Mason ring any bells?)  Sound quality is kinda blah.   The guitar seems to kind of disappear in some points.
0553296981|5.0|I think Anne Frank is so wonderful. She had to go through so much when she was 12. She went through things we wouldn't even imagine happening to us. Idon't believe why Jews were treated like an animal. I wish she had lived  because veryone would want her to be their rollmodle.What's weird is that  they chose to pick her to tell about when their were tons of other little  children who went through even more then her. She will always be in my  memory.
0345423496|1.0|I read the entire 2001 trilogy, and liked 2010 the most. 2061 lost me a little, but it was still marvellous. (They should do a movie of this one.) But 3001 was a totally unnecessary ending. Much of it is implausible, even  for the next, next millennium. The resolution for the Monolith plot thread  seems far too convenient, and the black enigmas were best left a mystery.  The future of mankind was good enough in 2001-2061, but it is depressing  here. And a ring around the planet? Even for 3001, this is a bit too much.  I still respect Clarke though, but he failed to finish the story in a good  way. The ending, to me, is best left to 2061.
0679720200|5.0|Albert Camus describes in great detail what this man is thinking through the book. The Stranger is an interesting novel honestly expressing the theory of existentialism. This great book shows what this mans life is like  in and out of jail.
0395860210|1.0|I read all kinds of literature:  heavy, wordy, light, whatever.  I firmly believe, however, that when I start counting the number of lines it takes the author to complete a sentence, it's time to quit.  I gave up.  Toni  Morrison's portfolio is easier to read than American Pastoral!!
0380973464|5.0|Picking up this book is daunting at almost 1,000 pages.  However, I soon came to dread the end of the book; a great--and rare for me--sign that I'm enjoying the hell out of a book.  Diamond Age it ain't, but one can hardly  blame Stephenson for failing to top that masterpiece.<br />The story and  characters are very interesting and believable.  Stephenson is in rare form  in Cryptonomicon, with his wry humor and penchant for balancing hyperbole  with understatement. The story soon sucked me in and had me laughing out  loud at times.<br />If the book has a flaw, it has to be with the spell  checking.  Seriously.  Where the hell was Stephenson's editor?  I found no  fewer than 6 typos (I'm sure there were more) that, ironically, were caught  by Stephenson's spell-checking program but not by the human editor who is  supposed to ketch such thongs. <br />I highly recommend this book to anyone  who is involved with technology, be it working in the industry or just  fascinated by it.
0684874350|5.0|Having grown up Irish-Catholic, Angela's Ashes made me laugh and cry, every other page!  Descriptions of childhood in Limerick reminded me of conversations with my grandfather.  That McCourt could write from the  perspective of a 6 year-old boy amazed me.  I want to know how he did it!
B000002BUY|5.0|Excellent production, particularly between the seamless scratches and percussion loops.  Brandon's voice is haunting, yet trustworthy, his lyrics spark the mind and their aggression and concern with the state of the world  impresses even parents.  Tell your mom this isn't just noise!
6303407188|5.0|Absolutly the best film ever made!  A love letter to filmmakering without any of the spite and cynicism that Hollywood seems to thrive on.  Inspiration awaits for anyone who dares to enter this twisted and charming  bio-flick about the worst-director of all time, Edward D. Wood Jr.
0767833058|5.0|This DVD has the two most important technical things to look for in a DVD format: widescreen anamorphic video and Dolby Digital 5.1 audio. The latter is stupendous, with discreet sounds from each speaker, you really feel as  though you are *in* the movie (compare this to the trailer in the special  section to get a feel of how the sound has been enhanced for this  format)<br />The movie is wonderful with an unbelievable cast and wonderful  performances from each. Fans of Kevin Kline, Danny Glover and Kevin Costner  will be especially happy.<br />This is a happy addition to my growing DVD  collection
B00000IPAX|5.0|I have been a blink fan ever since their humble beginnins right here, not far from where I live.  I just have to say that this cd is great, not quite as good as Dude Ranch, but very good.  Definitely go get this if you're  thinking about it.
630518299X|5.0|One of the best movies ever made. a brilliant commentary on the state of our consumersist society that has placed the media at its center. Effective, becuase it criticizes both the Televison industry at the society  that helps suppport it by watching anything.  I teach a college English  course, and I use this movie in my class to help teach the hidden messages  of pop culture. Plus, you get to see proof that Jim Carrey is one of the  country's finest actors. A breakthrough film.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Blink-182 has done it again.  Dude Ranch ruled, and this CD is just as good.  It has the punkish tunes that make you jump around, and yet all the songs have a point.  The only reason this album did not get a full five  stars is because of how short it is.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna is the most influential recording artist of the century, this album is proof,  the ability to grow and change are most respectible traits, buy listen with open ears and enjoy!
0688002307|5.0|I am 19 and attend a major university where I drink and sleep in through all the morning hours.  This book cleared my cloudy mind and made me realize that I had stopped thinking - stopped questioning.  It  renewed  my  lust for knowledge and appreciation of the human mind.  I still drink and  sleep through the morning hours but only half as much now.. .. the other  half I spend with a book in my face.
6305428050|5.0|Are you hanging around the house with nothing to do then get this movie. Imagine a teen movie without the &quot;Blood &amp; Guts&quot; and &quot;hormone sex scenes&quot; but a real light story that will keep your  attention and make you laugh. In addition Liz Shue will keep the boys  interested.
0385334206|5.0|Like a kid who just won a little league game and is going with the team for banana splits!! Thats how much  fun I had reading this.
6300151379|5.0|I saw this movie when it was first released. I was 18 years old at the time and thought that it was a wonderful romp through a magical fantasy land. Jim Henson's imagination never failed to amaze me, and Labyrinth is  second only to The Muppet Movie on the list of his achievements. Now, I'm  thirtysomething and have children of my own. Last summer, they happened to  catch this great movie on the Disney Channel. They, too, loved this classic  modern fairy tale. I was amazed at the way it held even my two year old's  interest better than some animated movie's have. All in all, this is a  super movie that has stood the test of time. It would be well worth the  producer's time and money to re-release this movie.
6304432453|5.0|Although directed by Kathryn Bigelow, this movie was written by James Cameron and produced with Cameron's Lightstorm Entertainment.  As a result, Strange Days feels as though it was Cameron himself calling the shots  behind the camera-lens.  Lenny Nero (an incredible performance by Ralph  Fiennes) is an ex-cop, kicked out of the LAPD, and now hustling 'clips,'  recorded events of other peoples' lives, on the black market.  When a  'wearer' (watch the movie, and you'll understand) of Nero, Iris, turns up  crying and tells him she's being chased, the main story begins, and from  there, it's a two-hour roller coaster ride of incredible drama, exceptional  dialogue, and action sequences I've never seen before.  From the intense  singing of co-star Juliette Lewis to the final scene, this movie will leave  even the most hardened movie watcher guessing!  And if I've persuaded you  enough, I urge you to try out the widescreen version of the movie, because  standard format cuts out many important details; plus the THX sound is a  great improvement in sound.
0385493800|5.0|Some may be disappointed that The Testament is not an &quot;exclusively lawyer novel&quot;, I was impressed.  The novel is well written.  I thought it might be predictable, but it was not.  It was a well rounded story.  I  liked it.
0060925000|5.0|I was first enthralled by this carefully constructed and intricately plotted book when it was first released about 6 years ago. When I read the reviews of the author's latest novel, I was inspired to pick up &quot;A  Suitable Boy&quot; once again. Although I was concerned that I knew the  answer to &quot;will she, and who?,&quot; I enjoyed it as much as when I  first discovered this excellent writer.
B000001EG6|5.0|For his second American release, Elton John visited Leonard Cohen country and proved himself worthy of full citizenship.  Lushly produced by Gus  Dudgeon with arrangements by Paul Buckmaster, this album's most famous  track is the lovely hit single, &quot;Your Song,&quot; but even that pales  beside the dramatic &quot;The King Must Die,&quot; the erratic &quot;Take  Me to the Pilot,&quot; and the cinematic glory of the mournfully beautiful  &quot;First Episode at Hienton.&quot;  A true classic and the most  uncharacteristic album of John's remarkable career.
0701103019|5.0|alright, like some others here, this book was brought to my attention by robert smith of the cure... and i can't thank him enough!!! this is truly one of the best books i've ever read...charlotte's time travel through her  bed in a boarding school is one of the most unique ideas i've seen in  literature, and farmer's adding of the shared diary is pure genius...  charlotte and every other character in the book were more alive to me than  most any character in books i've read... a very emotional book built from a  wonderful imagination!!!i couldn't put the book down and have passed it on  to numerous friends to read since finishing it (anyone who is looking for a  copy, i got mine from truprice books: truprice@aol.com... don't  know that  they've got another copy lying around, but it's worth a try!)read this  book!!! you will not be sorry you did!
B0000025VU|3.0|What could have easily been one of Dylan's greatest albums was mangled by the man himself, and what has he left us with?  A perfectly respectable  effort highlighted by the brilliant &quot;Jokerman&quot; and the lovely  &quot;Sweetheart Like You,&quot; both of which have to carry the ball for  mediocre scribblings like &quot;Union Sundown,&quot; &quot;Man of  Peace,&quot; and the dreadful &quot;Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight.&quot;  By dumping a couple of these less than memorable tracks, and including  &quot;Blind Willie McTell,&quot; &quot;Foot of Pride,&quot; and perhaps  &quot;Someone's Got a Hold of My Heart&quot; (all of them available on  &quot;The Bootleg Series Vol. 1-3&quot;), this would be right up there with  the best of the best.  If there was ever an album in need of restoration  and re-release, it's this one.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|I love Jennifer Lopez.  She is one of the most beatiful women in the world.  She is a talented actress (great in Selena and Out of Sight).  But singing is not her thing.  I agree with other folks that she just does not  have a strong singing voice and that she has gotten a lot of help from the  mixing process that keeps her from sounding totally terrible.  Jennifer is  smart, she's popular and wants to explore all her possibilities while she  has that fame.  Eddie Murphy did it (he sucked), David Soul did it (he  sucked) and I think Jennifer is doing it (and she pretty much sucks).  Jennifer should stick to acting!<br />I'll probably toss the CD and keep the  pictures of her from the CD booklet, she's gorgeous!
6304196431|5.0|That line is my absoulute favorite coming from  Xenia Zaragevna Onatopp in the eighteenth James Bond film.  Onatopp is a vicious assassin played by Famke Janssen.  I drool over her.  007 this time races to Russia, to find  the villain or villainous who stole the GoldenEye space weapons satellite.   He eventually finds out that it's his former friend and 00-agent partner,  Alec Trevelyan,who's armed with the lethal and sexy Xenia.  Bond encounters  evil women, urdering ex-war hero's, betrayal, old partners, and beatutiful  (helpful as well) Russian computer programmers.  I personally recomend this  movie to just about anyone and everyone.  You really don't have to be a big  007 fan to enjoy GoldenEye, so enjoy it!!
0553108034|5.0|This is an incredible author--by far the absolute best I have ever read. His characters reflect not classical good vs evil but a full rich cast that shows everyone is capable of and motivated by both. They are complex but  easy to follow through each of the plots. I love the dwarf! I can't wait  until the next one is out and I wish to God that they would republish his  old works-especially the jokers...I've had a tough time finding them.
0670813028|5.0|Ever read a book SO good you fell sad when it's all over? This is one of them. I literally cried at the end of the loser's club last adventure together. I'm not sure whether it was from probably never seeing the  characters in anything else again or the death of characters you get  incredibly emotionally attached to. From the horrifyingly cruel  &quot;Patrick Hockstetter&quot; to the great interaction between  characters, this is a book everyone should read. I viewed IT as a minor  character in that I would have read this book without all the monsters.
630512065X|4.0|Cats is a wonderfully expressive production, so realistically portrayed that my 4-year old daughter asked if they were real cats or people!  A pity about the less than perfect dubbing (why dubbing?).  The absence of  Growltiger's Last Stand was dismaying to those of us familiar with the live  production.  Nevertheless, in the absence of the real thing, this  production sufficed.  But really, must we have the Schwepps commercial? and  shouldn't we be paid having to suffer with it.
B000002BPS|5.0|I have way over 100 cd's including all offsprings cd's, all the metallica cd's green day, silverchair.  I have to say that by far, this is my favorite cd.  I can play this cd all the way through.  There are  so many  good songs.  This cd is great!  Those people who cant handle track number 5  or find it offensive can kiss it!
6304119046|5.0|This film is timeless and one that all students of cinema should study.  The first time the film is viewed, it makes an impact.  The second time, one realizes that one missed a variety of key elements in the film.  On  third viewing, the film hits you - you realize all that it says and doesn't  say.  Moreover, the knowledge of what Welles went through to produce and,  eventually, screen the film, is astounding and hard to believe for today's  film student. This is a movie that can be watched repeatedly and each time,  something different is seen and, more importantly at times, felt.  Don't  miss an opportunity to see &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; on the &quot;big&quot;  screen, if you ever have the chance.  It's a knockout.
B0000029LG|5.0|Ok,i love music I have about hundret CDs, but this one is the best.  when I am listening to it, I am thinking &quot;how can someone be so talented&quot;. This CD contains songs that will make you cry, happy,and  some of them will make you wanna dance.
6304618344|5.0|I was just glued to my seat - this has to be one of the best movies I've ever seen.  John Travolta and Nicholas Cage - great actors.  I want to see this again and again!
B0000026WD|5.0|His music gets better every year.  This album is grea
0060931671|5.0|A very enjoyable book.  I will be forever grateful to it for making me laugh out loud during a particularly nasty flu.  <br />How anyone can find this book 'difficult' or 'unreadable' is beyond me.  What is so hard about  this book?  I found it eminently readable.  Indeed, it was the book that  made me think that I might be able to move on to the bigger books, like 'V'  or 'Gravity's Rainbow.  <br />'The Crying of Lot 49' is difficult, I suppose,  but only if you have spent your life reading only John Grisham or Anne  Rice.
1573300403|5.0|This guy has got the best videos in the world.  And the music is even better. What else can I say, just buy it.
B00000ILBK|5.0|Let's get real fans!  Insurection is the best one yet because of the digital industry and the special effects.  You can't make a Shakespeare play (Mid-Summer Night's Dream) out of Star Trek and what it stands for.   It SCI FI and if it takes you on a fun mential trip into the future, RELAX  and enjoy the SHOW.  Everyone rates First Contact or Generations the Best!   Well if you want to dress up like a Klingon and go Ape then I guess you can  critize all of them.  But I believe MOST of us just want some GREAT Special  Effects and a mind teaser about the future.  Insurection does the job and  if you like SCI FI its a must for the DVD owners.  LET'S MAKE 1 COMPARISON!  Nobody can match DUNE, its the Classic and Star Trek, Star WArs, etc. are  all wonderful.  The &quot;God Father&quot; is Dune and the rest of these  films are the children.  Enjoy Insurection, it is equal to all the rest for  us novices who do not dress up and wear  plastic lasers!
6304032579|5.0|GoldenEye is the best James Bond movie in my opinion.  The action never stops, and their are a lot of charecters that are shown in great detail.  Peirce Brosnan was an excellent James Bond in this movie.  He almost ranks  up their with Connery  and Moore.
0792152328|1.0|This movie sucked!!!! It was really bad, it was stupid!!! The only reason all the teenagers liked it was cause of leo, and he sucks as an actor too.  This movie should just be thrown out or burned or something cause it was  horrible!!!!  It had a stupid plot, and by the end of the movie, i wanted  to cry not cause it was sad, TRUST ME but because it was a pathedic display  of motion picture history!!!!! If you want to see it, then see it, but it  sucks!!!  This doesn't even deserve not even one star thats how bad it was,  and everyone made such a big deal about it when it wasen't even good!!!!!   But thats just me!!!!!
B000009PNY|1.0|Being a huge fan of Depeche Mode, I was very excited to hear about this tribute CD.  I was even  more excited when I found out that The Cure (actually, Robert Smith) and Smashing Pumpkins were to contribute their  talents to the album.  But when I listened to this CD, I felt like crying.   I soon discovered that nobody--not even Robert Smith (my idol)--does  Depeche Mode songs anywhere NEAR as well as Dave, Martin, and the others.   The artists who play on this CD, although very talented on their own,  ruthlessly butchered all of my favorite songs while I helplessly listened,  horrified.  It sounded like a contest to see whose band could do the most  damage to a perfectly good song... if I were in Depeche Mode, I would not  be honored at this &quot;tribute&quot;; I would be insulted.  If you have a  D.M. itch to scratch, I recommend getting &quot;Some Great Reward&quot; or  &quot;Violater&quot; instead.
B000000JO3|5.0|I got my first Minor Threat album 15 years ago. They still make the adrenaline rush as much today as they did then. That's about the best review I can possibly imagine. P.s. Don't be turned off from tryin' Threat  because they're now identified with the whole 'straight edge' scene. The  new straight edge people may be pretty obnoxious (don't ask me when this  happened, it wasn't on my watch) but don't let that hold you back from one  hell of a powerful album.
6302769051|5.0|I will mention a book by Tompkins titled West of Everything that gives some academic-oriented insight into some of the issues this movie deals with. Shoot-em-up fans who are impatient may want to stay away from this  one, but I found it gripping and intelligent.
B00000J6AG|5.0|play is quite simply the most fascinating record i have heard to date. the fact that moby spins blues and folk records into techno isnt the marvel here, its how good it sounds when he does that should be taken notice of.  the variety is another thing that should be noted since despite the fact  that the running theme throughout the album is remixed folk and blues there  arent any two songs on the album which really sound like one another. i had  the pleasure of watching moby do an instore to promote this album, and i  was amazed at the energy and talent to play to a crowd onstage. for those  of you wondering, moby can reproduce this sound onstage (he plays every  instrument) without turntables! after his set, i got to meet him and i told  him that he was &quot;nothing less than a phenomenon&quot; he smiled shook  my hand and humbly told me he was very flattered. take heed to this  gentleman, hes got more funk and soul than that obese skinny character we  cant get off the radio....
6301773551|4.0|Years go by and our minds develope. From our sight it is no more the amazing film that it was supposed to be, but lets make the effort of watching it with the 80s eyes and lets try to value what this film meaned  for the history of cinema and the great impact that caused on all the  people who were such fortunate of watching it inserted in its time...
B000001FXT|5.0|...As I'm sure any Marley fan should.  One of the most razor-sharp political manifestos ever released as music.
B000002UJQ|5.0|gosh... this cd was so outstanding, you can feel everything single piece of it fitting together as you listen to the songs. it has a special depth that no other band has and i am so glad i got the cd!! my favorite songs  are airbag, paranoid android, karmapolice, and LUCKY.
B000001FXX|5.0|Great songs ... the production gives it a laid-back feel.  OK, the LP version of &quot;No Woman..&quot; isn't as good as the &quot;Live!&quot; version, but so what?
0802130208|1.0|I found this book unfunny, uniteresting and unbearable.  One of only two books that I couldn't force myself to finish reading.  Save your time and money...avoid this book.
B000002UA2|4.0|I have a lot of floyd albums and am a great fan.not a lot of people agree with me but I think it can compare with dark side of the moon. child hoods end is one of my favorite songs of all time. i hope you try it
0790705141|1.0|El Stinko!  Hammy Nicholson overshadows a story that was supposed to be about the boy.  Not scary, not intelligent.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS GROANER.  If you want to see a better version of The Shining see the TV four hour  version.  It blows the movie version away, while this one just blows.
6304057709|4.0|While this was  beautifully done, it must have created an ache in the heart of other Jane Austen's fans, too.  With the exception of Kate Winslet, (whose portrayal and youthful looks  could have passed for  seventeen year old Marianne Dashwood at a stretch) the cast were either too  old - or in the case of Margaret, the younger sister, too young! For  example, the ages of the sisters should have been 19, 17 and 14, not  thirty-something, twenty something and prepubescent!  Emma Thompson really  should have resisted the temptation to take on the role of Elinor and  should have casted the older characters more realistically.  <br />However, if  one ignores Miss Austen's novel, including the underlying truths, the real  relationship between the sisters, and the absence of the critical scene, in  which a penitent Willoughby arrives at Cleveland to acknowledge and face  the consequences of his selfish actions, the movie was a delightful and  picturesque costume drama, rather well done, enjoyable and worth watching  again.
6302378648|5.0|This movie is by far one of the all time best.  Robert DeNiro as Max Cady was a golden choice and he was robbed by not getting the oscar.  Who else could have played that part ?  His stunning adaption to Max Cady was spine  tingling.  The soundtrack alone brings chills to me.  For those who have  yet to see it, don't waste any more time.  It is just as funny as it is  shocking.  See it, right away
B000002TQB|4.0|The CD is really good except a The Debt COllector and Lot 105. This songs don't belong an a britpop-album. They are circus-songs. But all the others are really fine. It is definitly worth bying.
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray of Light, is Madonna's best work. I love the new sound she created and it seems like a completely new Madonna. The songs are just great. There aren't enough words to describe how much I love this album. Madonna is the  queen for sure.
B0000065MS|5.0|A good movie, it won an award for best special effects, historically correct too.  The part I did not like was the ending.  We ALL know that the Hindenburg burst into flames while landing on lakehurst N.J., the problem  in the movie is that when it explodes it takes way to long for the Great  Symbol of Nazi Power to come down (it only took 34 seconds for the ship to  come down in real like).  George C. Scott and Bancraft (The Graduate and  Ants) work well together, I hope they make a remake to this classic.
0788816454|5.0|ONE OF SANDLER'S BEST, ALSO GAVE A GOOD FEELING AT THE EN
6300216047|4.0|Jane Fonda at her best, a good midnight movie that puts The Rocky Horror Picture Show to shame.  The movie is meandering at times, but all in all it is really good.  Fonda is attacked by vampire-like dolls, saved by a  barbarian, and even helped by a blind angel.  The band Duran Duran got  their name from the &quot;bad-guy&quot; in the movie.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis' best song to date (Uninvited) isn't even on this album
0792140346|5.0|Great directing, wonderful screenplay, superb acting, I can't think of enough superlatives to describe this film.  Richard Gere shows what a fine actor he can be if given the right role; Edward Norton will win several  Oscars, I am sure, as time goes on.<br />See this by all means.  I only wish a  DVD would come out with interviews with the director, actors, etc.
0141301074|5.0|This is one of Roald Dahl's best childrens' books, and the Twits are some of his most hysterical characters.  Young children are sure to be amused by the humor and zaniness of this book, as well as the exaggerated, cartoony  illustrations.  They also might remember Muggle-Wump the monkey and the  Roly Poly Bird from another Dahl book: The Enormous Crocodile.  Altogether  a satisfying and whimsical book for readers of all ages.
B00000I924|4.0|Jeff Beck may be in his mid-50's, but he's still the best living guitarist.  In fact, I believe he's the best guitar player who's ever lived.  He's not the complete musician that John Lennon or Jimi Hendrix  were, but when it comes to just playing, there's no one who can touch  him....never was, never will be.  Oh yeah, this album kicks major a** and  the show was fantastic!!!  Let's just hope that it's not another 9 or 10  years between this and his next release.
0141301066|5.0|I remember reading this book not too long ago when I was a child and it first came out.  I remember laughing at the stupidity of Matilda's hairbrained parents, and the suspense of the evil Miss Trunchbull.  Now I  have found all of my old books by Roald Dahl and want to read them again,  to remember how good they all are!  However, if you liked Dahl's books when  you were a child, his adult short fiction is just as great, and when you  read it you feel just the same as you did reading &quot;Matilda.&quot;   Also, the movie is not as annoying as it might have been, but the book is  still better.
B00000IO4J|5.0|This movie rocked! When you wach this movie you think that you know all the killers(aliens), but it turns out to be some one you don't even expect. This movie was a good one and I think it was so cool how they killed the  main killer(alien) at the end.
0141301104|5.0|&quot;The Witches&quot; is another &quot;typical&quot; Dahl book, though no two are ever alike.  Filled with chase scenes, surprises and magical spells, children will be delighted with this suspenseful, wonderful story.   What Dahl understands is that children like to be scared, and he does  plenty of scaring in this little book.  A great idea for grandparents to  read to their grandchildren; the movie is also scary and fun.
B0000041Z5|5.0|Recorded in the late 70's before CD's were commercially available, the original release of this boxed set received rave reviews from critics at the time. When this self-proclaimed Brahms fanatic found this recording  available in the CD format, it was a must buy, even though the old  cassettes didn't need replacing yet! Brahms purists will appreciate Solti  observing the exposition repeats in the first three symphonies, a fact  noted in the original liner notes, but unfortunately, not mentioned in the  notes for this release.
0141301155|5.0|Roald Dahl's &quot;Charlie and the Chocolate Factory&quot; remains a classic in children's literature thirty years after it was first published.  I remember reading it as a child and still enjoy looking over my old copy.   Dahl perfectly understands what children like to read about: wacky  characters, nonsense, funny words, candy, and the good side winning out in  the end.  Though the classic fairy tales of the Grimm brothers, famous for  their uncompromising endings, are also important children's stories, Dahl  almost always, without shame, shoots and scores with a happy ending.  The  characters are all unforgettable, and the movie is likewise a  &quot;scrumdiddlyumptious&quot; treat.  Treat a child you know to this  wonderful book.
0792838912|5.0|Mickie is quite agesive in this movie but in a sorta romantic way. I find him to be someone who can sweep a female away he was good in black orquid.
B000002MY3|5.0|What a great album!! I've had this album since 95 and i still love it!! Every once and awhile i just pull it out and it's just great to listen to.  Those who complain about how the words are used, etc, have very weak  offenses. Her music is terrific!! That's why I bought it. If all that is  wrong is that she used a word incorrectly, than that only PROVES that the  album is great!!!!  Which it is!! Alanis' lyrics and extensive vocabulary  is very impressive. You can never get tired of this album. It's a nice  addition to your CD collection that you will always treasure.
1559408898|4.0|When I bought the DVD it was the first time I had watched the film for a couple of years. Even though its meant to feature extra violence I found that the film was nowhere near as violent as I remembered it to be. Either  I am used to the film or the level of violence in modern films is fast  overtaking RoboCop.<br />The film itself remains an excellent movie,  surpassing many of the &quot;hit of the year&quot; SF movies such as  &quot;Independence Day&quot;. This film gets better with viewing and I  still find myself routing for Bob Morton. The Old Man's line, &quot;I'm  very disappointed&quot; is still funny.<br />This new version of the  Frankenstein tale focuses much more on the monster although perhaps  humanity represents Frankenstein. It retains its humour and thrills.<br />On  another note, the features are quite good, agreeably few for the price but  still a good buy. I found the transfer to be excellent and I am now  wondering if there is a lottery with DVD - some are good transfers, some  bad. There is no pixellation/artifacting that I can see. RoboVision is  meant to be &quot;of a lesser quality&quot; in order to indicate that we  are seeing what RoboCop is seeing.<br />All in all a good film, a good DVD  transfer, and a reasonable package all round.
6305426651|5.0|If you have the ability to feel, smile and dream ... this is the movie for you.  It takes only a few minutes to adjust to the subs and then your in for the ride of your life.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I've liked Jennifer ever since I saw U Turn and Out of Sight.  I saw her album in the store and decided to pick it up and see what I thought.  The truth is, though a lot of people are downplaying her singing ability, she  is actually very talented.  Many of the songs combine hip hop music,  r&amp;b, and Latin music to create a new sound.  Some songs, like  &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; have a club beat to them.  But overall,  it's a very good album and worth the money.   You have to remember that she  was singing and dancing even before she became and actress.  And anyway,  why is it such a big controversy that she wants to sing anyway?  I mean,  there are lots of entertainers out there who sing and act:  Whitney,  Brandy, Madonna, Courtney Love, Janet Jackson, Cher, Michelle Pfeiffer, and  I could go on and on.
6305358613|5.0|This is a excellent film!I love the atmospheric cinematography and great acting.I also love that the film had the suspense and the intrigue of a really good political thriller.
B000006YYW|3.0|I am a huge fan of Robin Gibb, however I was a little disappointed in this effort. Granted it did come out in the early 80's, so we do have to give him a little slack for that! My thoughts on this album are that he was not  quite &quot;finding his niche&quot; for the times. There was alot of  Brit-synth around at the time (Duran Duran, Tears For Fears, etc.)and Robin  would have done better to not try to follow that path. <br />But alas, in mine  eyes, Robin can do no wrong, so I shall have to rate this a 3 of 5.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I did not like this Cd at all.All it sounded like was a drunk person holloring!Her first Cd was the best because I liked every song on it.The only song I liked on this was Thank u.I hated this so much I took it to the  warehouse music and got some money for it.Do yourself a big  monney-saving-favor and don't buy this!
B000005RTG|5.0|ANYBODY KNOWS THE SONG 'THE CUT RUNS DEEP' ? ALBUM ALSO INCL. 'KING OF DREAMS', 'WEAKED WAYS' (!) WRITE THE ALBUM NAME TO ME  I WANT THIS CD - DYING -  CALL ME (416)4096059. ALEX
0792839749|5.0|This is a classic that brings back memories for adults. I recently watched it with my son and it still has the same appeal after all these years for all ages. The loving father and hidden story bring a great adventure to  life.
0684833395|5.0|Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs may have made the fragmented plot style popular, but Heller got there first, in this deliciously anarchic look at the madness of war. Heller mixes vivid scenes of slapstick comedy with  genuinely shocking incidents without the usual jarring that is found  whenever an inexperienced author attempts the same.<br />Heller's real  accomplishment is his cast of characters. Most authors just stick with one  or two central characters, but Heller gives us a whole battalion of men,  each with individual weaknesses and strengths. Also, unlike so many other  war stories, this is truly memorable - for years afterwards you'll recall  with a smile Milo's impossibly complicated scams, Natley's desperate search  for his whore and Yossarian's wry outlook on life.<br />In fact, there are  only two problems with this book: firstly, as the book draws to a close,  Heller appears to be in a desperate rush to get rid of his characters  (presumably so that when Yossarian attempts his final escape, there's not  that much tying him back). Secondly, the chapter &quot;The Eternal  City&quot; is just awful - it reads like the book Adrian Mole is writing in  Sue Townsend's &quot;Adrian Mole: the Wilderness Years&quot; and is so  totally depressing it doesn't gel with the rest of the book.<br />Still, two  minor glitches in what is surely one of the most superlative books of this  or any milennium.
B00000JCRH|5.0|This is the album where Metallica found it's place in the heavy metal world.  The lightning fast riffs of &quot;Battery&quot;, to the instrumental power ballad of &quot;Orion&quot;, every track on this album  has a distiguishing quality that pushes the realm of heavy metal to all  time highs.  If you only get one Metallica album, make it &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot;.  And while your at it, buy an industrial strength neck  brace, your going to need it after a listening of this album.
B00000IAU3|3.0|After getting over the shock of the striking vocal similarities to Ebba Forsberg whose stunning debut was sadly overlooked last year, Dido impresses but takes few chances in what is a clean, steady disc of pleasant  tunes.  Just tinkering ever so slightly with the Lilth recipe for instant  listenablilty Dido does add some much needed programed beats for a more  urban sound but never challenges the listener with either her songwritting  or vocals.  Stand out track is without a doubt, Thank You and if her record  company is smart will rush it to radio.  Buy and enjoy but don't be  surprised if your wanting a little more when its over.
B0000033TE|5.0|Many people don't understand prog, I being 12, see tons of people waste their money on Rap,R&amp;B, or Alternative, or even worse N' Sync! This was one of the first bands to be called heavy-metal, so you negative teenagers  listen to this! I played Karn Evil 9 at school and no one understanded  it.This CD truly deserves a number of stars unknown, blazillion?This is my  favourite album ever, by my favourite band! Progessive rock is truly the  best, ELP,Yes,King Crimson,Rush, Genesis (early),Jethro Tull, and Todd  Rundgren;s Utopia.First it starts off with Jerusalem an English hymn, the  only ELP song my mom actually likes, well she like Tiger In a  Spotlight,Pirates and Endless Engima Part 1 a little bit.Then in moves into  Toccta one of the first songs to use synthesizer percussion, it just blows  me away!No overdubbing in that song, how the hell do they do it!? Then  inculdes another romantic ballad written by Greg Lake.Follows is the only  bad song on the album, Benny the Bouncer :( Skip that and go KARN EVIL 9  one of the most powerful songs ever, an excellent 30minute epic, a  mini-series of songs.Way too great!! BUY THIS ALBUM YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!
B000002OX5|5.0|Along with &quot;A Quick One&quot; and &quot;Meaty Beaty Big &amp; Bouncy,&quot; this is one of my favorite Who albums.  At first, I was disoriented by the remastered version - not certain whether I liked the  fiddling with the original songs or the inclusion of the new songs - but  now that I've had a chance to get used it, I love it.  It's surprising how  strong a lot of the previously unreleased material is - who knew that the  boys had so many gems in storage?
6305399212|5.0|Exelent movie. Best part are with the sentry gun
B00000FCBC|4.0|I personally think it is about time that a popular band releases an all-covers album.  Covers are under-rated.  Covers are how great bands get started.  I think that Metallica will start a new trend in which many bands  will attempt covers.  I think it is intersting to hear another band's  perspective of a certain song.  Also, after the travesties of  &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;, &quot;Garage Inc.&quot; has  restored my faith somewhat that Metallica is a true heavy metal band, and  that they are not as sold-out as they used to be.  I gave the album 4 stars  because not all the tracks are up to the true hard-hitting Metallica  criteria, like Lynyrd Skynyrd's &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot;, which, I think  is a poor attempt on Metallica's part to do country, which is the lowest  form of music on the face of the Earth, and &quot;Loverman&quot; isn't all  that great either.  But, listen to &quot;Mercyful Fate&quot;, a collection  of five songs by the band Mercyful Fate.  That is the best song on the  album, with hard-hitting riffs, power ballads, back to true Metallica form.  We need more bands that do covers.
0684867621|5.0|... and writes a book.  Mr. King presents people and/or animals with situations and does a wonderful job of portraying how they react or act in that situation.<br />I am a great King fan and always will be.  I do not  understand these people saying this is not a typical King book and being  dissappointed in it.  Did they read Gerald's Game or Cujo to name two  similar works?<br />King makes you think about what is around the next corner  and here he does a terrific job of it through the mind of a nine year  old.<br />Thanks again, Mr. King
0780623134|5.0|What a great great movie. The writer and director put together this BRILLIANT movie. A &quot;Cant Miss&quot; which I watch 5-6 times a year and will continue to watch over and over for the rest  of my life.
0767821769|4.0|I probably would have cried if Susan Sarandon burst out balling in the end instead of being a strong person and dealing with her fate. Both Sarandon and Roberts had great chemistry in this movie. I tended to pity Roberts but  that may be due to us being closer in age thus able to relate better to  her. That quilt made me think what a great gift that would be.
6304618344|4.0|Sit down for the first 20 minutes and you'll be hooked into one of the greatest opening scenes packed with action of any movie. Fans of Travolta and Cage have a combined treat in this movie.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The suspense continues to build from the beginning. All the elements you'd expect in an action/sci-fi flick are here. An underdog heroine you root for in Ripley, tough enemies in the aliens, and my favorite character, that  soldier that loses his toughness after encountering the aliens.
630518299X|5.0|Hey, I saw this movie and I tremendously enjoyed it. I've read the reviews, and if you don't like it, there is something missing from your life, maybe a little fun and pleasure. But, if you did enjoy it as much as  I did, you would rate it as best.
B000002OX5|5.0|Forget the hype about Tommy!  Live at Leeds, Who's Next and others were great albums too.  But most of us old Who fans agree that The Who Sell Out is their best!  Recorded in 1967 before they became megastars.  This album  is just brimming with youthful exuberance, humor and new ideas.  Each cut  is seperated with a radio jingle or commercial making it a relentless  assault on your nervous system.  This albums just begs to be listened to.  Townshend's guitar work established him as one of rock's masters.  Keith  Moon redefines drums. He doesn't play the best, he runs over it, around it  and through it.  It features bits of psychedica, beatlesque harmony, folk,  dark acoustic sounds, smashing rock!  If I had been frozen like Austin  Powers in 1967, this would have definitely been one I'd had taken for the  trip. Over 30 years later I still love it! Yeah Baby!
079073382X|5.0|A totally believable, charmmer of a film that thrives on its great performes and unabtrusive directing.  Its unforunate that this film didn't have the commercial sucess it deserved, but undoubtedly it find a place in  film history as one of the most truthfull and heart-felt movies of this  decade.
B000002KC5|5.0|This is one of the most enjoyable albums I've ever owned.  Newman's lush orchestal arrangements and wonderful character studies conjures up pictures of the south like a good Faulkner novel.  Bits of rednecks, Huey Long,  drunks, working men along with a poingnant and humorous view of the south.  Southerners have always had a good sense of humor and an understanding of  history.  Newman, originally from New Orleans captures this spirit in aces.   A romantic, cynical character study of the south.  Yet beautiful in scope!   This is one no collection should be without.  A must for any music lover!
014028009X|4.0|I just thought this book &quot;OTT&quot; funny. Over the top for non-brits. Bridget manages to capture the strange mix in women of trying to be all things and still being a teen ager filled with angst at the core.  All of us at one time or another feel like Bridget or have felt like her.  What a joy to read-I know it made my day!
B000002KDM|5.0|A lot of people seem to mention Sweet Baby James as Taylor's finest hour.  I disagree.  This one is one of the finest albums I've ever heard by anyone.  Taylor casts a slight overcast tinge  throughout this album yet  manages to inject bits of humor and optimism.  It never sounds dated  because the music is so strong and intelligent.  My favorites are Long Ago  &amp; Far Away featuring Joni Mitchell, You Can Close Your Eyes, Riding On  A Railroad, and Machine Gun Kelly.  But you know what?  Every song is a  James Taylor masterpiece.  If you're looking for excellence in the  singer-soundwriter vein.  This album is the one.  It will always have a  place in my collection as long as I'm around.
6305365121|1.0|I can't say that I was disappointed in this movie, because I wasn't expecting much to begin with.  This was a really awful TNG movie, and I am generally a Next Gen fan. There was no real &quot;insurrection,&quot; no  character development, no reason to have Worf around, and the story was at  best inconsequential.  This would have been a really good candidate for  &quot;Mystery Science Theater 3000.&quot; Forget this movie ever existed; I  try to.
B00000J7SS|5.0|EVEN THOUGH I OWN THE 2 CD SET, I WOULD LIKE TO COMMENT ON THIS 1969 RECORDING. THIS CD CONTAINS PROBABLY FOR THE FIRST TIME IN JAZZ, A COMBINATIONS OF ELECTRIC BASS, ELECTRIC GUITARS, ORGAN ALONG WITH TYPICAL  JAZZ INSTRUMENTS TO FORM A NEW SOUND WHICH WOULD BE KNOWN AS JAZZ FUSION. A  MUST FOR MILES DAVIS AND JAZZ FANS. GOOD LUCK AND ENJOY.
B000002GQJ|5.0|If you like the M.B.'s, you need this release. It is so good that NOT having it would through your M.B. collection out of balance.
0767824571|5.0|Help, help !  I'm  being repressed !<br />...<br />Very small rocks ... Churches!
B000002GQE|4.0|with a grand old release. An original approach then, a tad dated now but still a lot of fun to listen to. And by the way, who re-masters these things? This would have been better if i had done it with my tape deck.  Well, almost.
6305426651|5.0|This movie was without a doubt the most moving and inspiring movies I have seen in a long long time. The first part was a wonderful comedy - Roberto Begnini is one of the most naturally talented actors today. The sceond part  of the film was distressing but at the same time, inspiring. Absolutely the  best film I have seen in years!
B000002GQL|5.0|This is it, the M.B. cd that i feel to be their best overall effort, an' i've heard The Moody Blues. GOTTA have seven stars to rate this one.
630512065X|5.0|This movie is the best I have ever seen, and should be seen in a movie theater.  I think people don't watch these kind of movies because they see broadway as boring, but this movie is very interesting, and a great movie  for all ages!
B000002GQK|5.0|Except for the lame Nice To Be Here, this is a  great release, folks. The M.B.'s did us another favor on this one.
6305265488|5.0|This is the most romantic movie I have ever seen!  Breath-taking
B000002GQH|5.0|another masterpiece by the M.B.'s. From start to finish a fine work that must be in any collection of their's.
6305470448|4.0|A clever film and understandably successful at the box office. I discuss it at length in two essays, both in book collections, one edited by Don Hedrick and Bryan Reynolds entitled _Dissident Shakespeare_ (New York: St.  Martin's Press, 2000) and the other entitled _Shakespeare, Film, Fin de  Sicele_, edited by Mark Thornton Burnett and Ramona Wray (London:  Macmillan, 2000).
B000002GQG|3.0|As a strong supporter of the Moody Blues, i'll  buy most anything of their's, good and bad. Orig- inally i bought this release a year after it appeared and thought it rated a four, because i  didn't like songs 4-6, but  after hearing the re- mastering(?) here, it lost another star.
B00000J2L7|5.0|This movie is amazing. From beginning to end, there is no &quot;down time&quot;; it is worth watching again and again.  There are so many hilarious parts that one can't mention them all.  &quot;Precious bodily  fluids&quot; indeed!  If you haven't seen it yet make sure to rent it or  buy it immediately.
B000005RS9|5.0|This IS Pink Floyd.  &quot;Piper&quot; shows us the first steps Floyd made as a band and how revolutionary and profound those baby steps were.  The album envokes bizarre images as Syd and the boys tinker and improvise  melodies using old-fashioned ingenuity and the bands knack for echo boxes.   Faint mumerings of the Beatles can be heard through this work, as well as  Floyd can be heard on &quot;Sgt. Pepper's.&quot;  Few realize that both  albums were being produced in the same studio and the two groups met a few  times to discuss ideas.  This album also causes a sad feeling to rush over  me as I find that tis is Syd at his greatest.  &quot;Jugband Blues&quot;  comes out well on &quot;Saucaerful of Secrets,&quot; &quot;Octopus&quot; on  Madcap,&quot; and &quot;Baby Lemonade&quot; and &quot;Gigolo Aunt&quot; on  Barrett, but post-Piper we see Syd only as a shell of his former self.  We  all know that Pink Floyd, Syd's incarnation, was brought back to life after  Syd's fall with the help of Roger Waters lyric materings and Gilmour's  harmony.  If you're a mainstream Floyd fan go out and buy Radiohead or  something.  If you appreciate '60s psychedelia or Floyd, or Barrett, this  album will not disappoint.
6305291446|2.0|H20 was not scary (unlike Halloween 4 Now that's a horror movie) The only freaky part was the part in the road side bathroom, when it looked like he saw her in the stall. But the ending was dumb. If she chopped of his head  that means there will be no more Halloween movies (but hey, thats what you  thought about Chuckie)
6304467583|5.0|GODFATHER 1 IS THE BEST OF THEM ALL.MARLON BRANDO GIVES A SPECTACULAR PREFORMANCE.SO DOES JAMES CAAN ,AND AL PACINO WHO GIVES OSCAR WORTHY PREFORMANCES IN ALL 3 MOVIES.GODFATHER 2 IS EXELLENT . I LIKE STORYS OF OF  THE YOUNG VITO CORLEONE.AND THE ASOME PREFORMANCE OF DIANE KEATON.THIS ONE  DOES NOT HAVE AS NEAT A ENDING AS 1 AND 3.GODFATHER 3 SHOULD BE CONSIDERED  ONE OF THE GREATS.IT HAS OSCAR WORTHY PREFORMANCES BY ANDY GARCIA AND JOE  MONTANA,AND ALL ACEPPT THAT SOPIE COPPOLA.MY FAVORATE PART WAS THE THE  ENDING PART ,THAT WAS THE GREATEST PART OF THE  MOVIE.THESE MOVIES ARE THE  BEST OF ALL TIME.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Her cd is the best i have ever had. She is the hottest girl in the world and her cd is great. that woman can sing. Who ever says it is less that 5 stars is clueles
630407185X|5.0|True story of the failed Allied invasion of Holland in Sept. 1944, the brainchild of Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery.  This film does a great job of bringing together events on a grand scale -- to avoid confusion, it  helps to read the book first.  Historically accurate, with a wealth of  great stars that do not detract from the story itself, as often happens,  this film tells the story of the largest airborne invasion -- and the  costliest single battle -- the Allies engaged in during the war on the  Western Front.  Three Allied airborne divisions, 30,000 men, are dropped  along a 60-mile corrridor to seize key bridges linking a narrow highway  through Holland that leads straight over the Rhine river into Germany's  industrial heartland, the Ruhr.  <br />The plan is to capitalize on recent  sweeping Allied victories in France and Belgium, rush armored forces North  across the Rhine, and end the war by Christmas 1944.  But British  intelligence ignores warnings from the Dutch underground that the last key  bridge at Arnhem, a town on the Rhine 64 miles behind enemy lines, has  recently become a rest area for the crack 9th and 10th SS Panzer Divisions.   Tragedy ensues when the veteran British 1st Airborne Division, dropped  over Arnhem deep in enemy territory and instructed to hold for two days, is  mauled in a valiant fight against elite SS armored forces lasting over a  week, as British tanks of XXX Corps fight desperately to reach them.  The  American 101st and 82nd Airborne forces took heavy casualties also in their  fights to seize the bridges at Eindhoven and Nijmegen.  The film details  Allied overconfidence about the state of the German war machine in late  summer 1944, the struggle to cope with unexpected enemy strength once the  battle begins, and the race against time to reach the British at Arnhem.   The climactic scene is perhaps the bloody final drive by the U.S. 82nd  Airborne to seize Nijmegen bridge, the last natural obstacle to reaching  Arnhem.A truly great war film and an educational study of war that  flopped at the box office, partly because it was about a major Allied  defeat.
0446604844|1.0|Implausible story with many technical inaccuracies, and with unrealistic characters (even allowing for poetic license). The technological aspects of the book were not authentic.  I believe this book had the potential to be  excellent.  More research, better writing, and better editing would have  helped.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Wow!  What can you not say about Sarah? Her voice is so amazing and this CD only captures her brillance! Any true &quot;Fumbler&quot; would know that Sarah is at her best live and that a studio doesn't do her justice.  Although there are as many of her older songs it's still amazing. Sarah's  voice is so pure and she's reached perfection over the years of touring. I  hope for new music by Sarah soon. I've seen Sarah twice and I'm going to  Lilith this year. Too bad it's not long enough to cover all her songs, I'll  just have to deal. There's nothing that I can type to describe Sarah live.  She is such a great role model for young girls like me. I reccomend anyone  this CD, my friends know I'm a Sarah-freak! I've successfully turned them  into Sarah-alohics too! GET THIS CD!!!!
B000007T1M|5.0|Ive been following System of a Down for a while now even before they were big, even before they were signed. They have there head on right and there music is like no other. There mixes of songs are incredible as they mix  metal with rap, waltz, jazz and hints of middle eastern(armenian music).  The lyrics also mean something which isnt something you hear everyday.  These guys have it all just listen youll have no choice but to buy it.  Check em out!
B000002568|5.0|Freed from the excesses of Joe Zawinul's banks of synthesizers, Jaco presents some of his finest efforts within this recording. Jaco is accompanied here by Sam and Dave, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock, Lenny  White, and others.  The compositions are subtley brilliant, as are the  performances, which are thankfully free of typical fusion noodling.  Where  the production could have been brighter, it only barely detracts from the  genius that was Jaco.  Much of his other solo recordings proved to be  overly ambitious and busy, perhaps exposing the grandiosity which  accompanied the mental illness that eventually led to his destruction and  premature death.  Another album worth checking out that presents Jaco in a  similar light to this classic solo effort is Pat Metheny's Bright Size  Life.  Both are extraordinary albums that transcend the lines of jazz and  fusion and reveal what was a true genius of contemporary music.  Highly  recommended...Simon
6300182355|5.0|The movie's greatness can be summed up by one thing . . . Princess Aura. See the movie, and you won't need an explination. How come they have Russians and Brits in space anyway?
B00000IPAX|5.0|I just got it 2 hours ago and it's already one of the best cd's I have, but chesire cat and dude ranch are better
6305066345|5.0|He Got Game was well directed by Spike Lee, and well acting also. Allen does a superb cross-over, and Washington shines as usual. A surprise performance would definately be that of Dakota, played by the absolutly  GORGEOUS, and ENTICING Milla Jovovich. She's acts well, and displays some  of her many talents, and I'm not talking about faking it.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|As beautiful as Jennifer Lopez is,she should have never recorded this album.Even with top producers,and a million dollar budget,this album is horrible.The only things that convinced me to buy it were her picture on  the cover and curiosity.The best thing about this cd is the pictures in the  booklet.Sorry,Jennifer.
6304415346|5.0|This film marked a new dimension in Star Trek. The directing was unique, done extrememly well by Frakes in his debut. It is filmed more like classic horror film than a sci fi adventure, but keeps real with Star Trek. Wrath  of Kahn was the best strategy film, The Voyage Home was the best in  hilarity, and this is the best in suspense, action, and everything else.  This is one of the series best, and has anyone else noticed how hott Dr.  Crusher is?
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I think Jennifer Lopez sings pretty good.  She has talent in acting and singing. I think she is doing a good job and is making it big.  I give her credit.  Muy bien Jennifer.  Keep up the good work.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Why don't you get a job is a very good song, but my favorite has to be Pretty fly for a white guy.
0783228007|1.0|Despite a cast headed by Clint Eastwood and Robert Duvall, and the presence of John Sturges (&quot;Bad Day at Black Rock,&quot; &quot;The  Great Escape&quot;) behind the camera, &quot;Joe Kidd&quot; is almost  instantly forgettable.  The first fifteen minutes show promise, suggesting  that this might be another offbeat Eastwood western, but it soon dissipates  into boredom and predictability with the accent on the former.  A major  disappointment (especially coming only months after the release of  &quot;Dirty Harry&quot;) and one of Eastwood's worst films.
0393312836|5.0|Some may say this book was too violent in too many ways. I just felt all the violence helped establish character (The best character establishment I'VE ever seen!). This book also had the best plot I've ever seen. There  are only three cases where the movies are better than the book and that's  &quot;One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest&quot;, &quot;The Shining&quot; (which  doesn't really count because the only correct things are the characters and  setting) and this. This is the only movie that still brings tears to my  eyes (on the part where Frank gets his revenge), gives me goosebumps  (almost the whole movie) and makes Beethoven's ninth symphony my favorite  musical peice ever. But this movie never would have been made without this  beautifully crafted story.
B000001FS6|5.0|This is simply one of the best records ever.  The blues roots underlying every song with the mix of worldly pop U2 always had moved the band to it's climax with this album.  From the philosphical &quot;Van Dieman's  Land&quot; to the tribute &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot;, U2 does not produce  one bad track.  The slow blues tunes &quot;Heartland&quot; and &quot;Love  Rescue Me&quot; are true gems in U2's cannon.  I wish they'd return to this  stage in their career.  It sounded so much better than Lemon.
B00000IAU3|3.0|I chanced upon this album in the local music store's preview listening booth, and loved the combination of simple yet magical lyrics, full and infusing beats and a certain tragic quality. It is a great album, but the  the more I listened to it the more I had a sense that every track was about  keeping a partner on a leash, enjoying a partner who was not straining on  teh leash, or grieving a partner who had gotten off the leash (except the  second track, where Dido herself wants to get off the leash). Get past this  theme and enjoy.
B000000WA4|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins are most definitely, with the release of this album, the greatest rock band of all time.  The range of Corgan's music is simply unbelievable, both between songs and inside each song itself.  I mean, can  you honestly believe that &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth&quot;,  &quot;Beautiful&quot;, and &quot;1979&quot; are parts of one continuous  work?  Simply amazing.  Nothing sounds out of place here, and furthermore  nothing disappoints.  I bought this album shortly after it came out and I  still listen to it as much as I ever have, which to say, is alot.  Siamese  Dream had yet to showcase the full range of their sound, while Adore lacks  the power and fury of MCIS.  Definitely their best album, and a must-buy  for anyone who has ever enjoyed alternative music in any form.
0609603086|2.0|The idea is original. But you know from the beginning how it will end, which is not the best thing for a thriller...... It's not worth the money.
B0000024RQ|5.0|I usually don't give out five stars, so this album is certainly an essential to any collection.  Contrary to popular belief, &quot;Freewheelin&quot; is Bob Dylan's greatest achievement, as well as his  most influential.  It is his most artistic endeavor, touching on poetic  highs that he would never replicate again.  &quot;Blowin' In The Wind&quot;  and &quot;Hard Rain's A Gonna Fall&quot; are simply classics.  &quot;Girl  From North Country&quot; and &quot;Don't Think Twice It's Alright&quot;  introduced the introspective artist into the world of popular music.   &quot;Masters of War&quot; was not the first anti-war song, but it  certainly was one of the strongest.  Dylan was able to capture a  certain  mood with his acoustic guitar and harmonica, a mood that was to be short  lived.  There are certainly traces of Woodie Guthrie's &quot;talking  blues&quot; here, but Dylan is coming  out as an artist on his own at this  point.  Though &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; and &quot;Highway 61  Revisted&quot; receive most of the praise as artistic highs, this album is  Dylan's most sincere album, where as an artist, he has little regard for  the public's perception of his work.  Makes one wanna hit the road with a  guitar in hand, and ramble....
B000002GK1|5.0|Yes, yes Badmotorfinger is a heavy metal record! I  can't understand why people lump Soundgarden in the &quot;grunge&quot; genre, which in fact never existed ( it's just another hip name that executives find to  force-feed music to the poor and mindless MTV Generation ). What really  saddens me though is that many people don't realize the true value of this  record. It's quite possibly one of the top 5 metal records released in this  decade, and many people seem to ignore it. Badmotorfinger is, without a  doubt, what modern Black Sabbath should sound like! Of course, I'm not  saying that Soundgarden is a mere Sabbath clone; they are way much more  than that...it's a real shame that the band decided to end their  activities...
B000002H97|5.0|This Album is the second best selling album of all time.  Metallica may not be what they used to, but they still have what many bands today, and from the past lack.  TALENT!!!!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|My brother bought it and played it on the hifi and wow...Yeah it is that bad. I thought Britney Spears is the most embarrassing package to emerge this year. Guess she got a companion now. Jennifer should go back to her  acting instead.
0060930349|2.0|The problem with this book is that it isn't A History of the American People. It's a History of the American Government. The People appear in the book very sporadically, if at all. Unlike Mr. Johnson's excellent History  of the Jews and History of Christianity, this volume is striking devoid of  revelations. It reads like a college history text -- a decent one, but not  one that makes history come to life. And that's what I miss -- that sense  of life that's in Mr. Johnson's other books, and in the books written by  Jan Morris. I do believe that Mr. Johnson can do better than this.
B00000JCB3|5.0|I have listened to the whole thing and it kicks the last one's rear end. He doesn't really rap a whole lot on it and the track with the lead singer of Korn and STP rocks too.
B00000F1D3|5.0|HER STYLE AND MUSIC HAS ALWAYS ATTRACTED ME. I HEAR HER EVERY WHERE I GO AND HAVE TO SING ALONG WITH HER. CHER'S CLOTHES LOOK GREAT AND SO DOES SHE. KEEP UP THE GOOD MUSIC CHER WE ALL LOVE YOU. GOD BLESS YOU AND MAKE YOUR  TOUR BLESSED AND SAFE. CHEROKEE CHEETAH
0783225881|5.0|The DVD mastering is excellent - the cascading fields of Iowa are beautifully rendered.<br />The Dolby Surround soundtrack is clean and full.<br />This is a wonderful film.  Full of sentiment (not sentimental) and  unfeigned delight.  The performances are as direct and straight-forward as  the rows of corn on Ray Kincella's  land.<br />I am not a great baseball fan,  however, after viewing this film I was caught under the spell of the  game.<br />Twice in the film characters ask Kevin Costner's character, \\"is  this heaven?\\" His reply each time is, \\"no, its Iowa!\\"  They reply, \\"I could  have sworn it was heaven!\\"<br />I could have also!
0792837983|5.0|Carefully watch Kubrick's Lolita before you read the book, and before you read reviews, and you will see a magnificant work.  Mason excels as the reserved, continental pedophile.  Lyons is the perfect nymphet.  I have not  read other reviews on this page.  Reviewers often comment that she was too  old.  No, her age was perfect, half child, half adolescent.  Her acting was  clever and natural throughout, the one exception being her last scene.   Reviewers often comment that Sellers dominates the movie with brilliant ad  libs.  A great performance, true, but most of his &quot;ad libs&quot; are  in the book.  Many scenes in this movie are perfect.  Each is rich with  subtle details that either support the main events or hint at other hidden  plots, agendas, or possibilities.  The only flaw in this movie is Lyon's  last scene where her acting appears forced.  People often complain of  Kubrick's liberal book adaptations.  Books are not movies.  Kubrick's  Lolita stands on its own, rich in subtle, perverse humor and powerful  tragedy.
6301016289|4.0|Well worth watching, with good sharp dialogue and a crackling plot. Michael Douglas is well-cast as the amoral investment banker, and the two Sheens are convincing, too. In retrospect it seems to say more about what  the 1980s were like than it does about the world of finance in general.  Thank God, in the 1990s lunch is no longer for wimps.
0780626478|5.0|This movie is really funny. The first part with Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacek was really good. Usually the parents are played by really wellknown actors but then they don't get  any screentime. In this case they  got a lot and it was good. Alicia Silverstone and Brendan Fraser were the  perfect couple with many funny dialogue between them. I saw this movie  quiet a few times and if it was still in the theaters I would go again and  again and again and ...
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is the beast at its finest! Never in history has there been a band with such charisma and potential. They have the most terrific guitar riffs I've ever heard.this is the album that teels it all!!!!
0375707972|2.0|I had great expectations for this book, as it was an Oprah book selection and dealt with a subject that I find intriguing--the Holocaust and the concentration camps.  However, I could not get into this book.  I didn't  think Hanna's character was developed enough, and I just couldn't get into  the main character at all.   It was mildly entertaining, but that's the  most I can say for it.
014028009X|5.0|This is one of the funniest books I have ever read!  I could relate with everything that Bridget said, even though I am not a &quot;Singleton&quot; nor &quot;Thirty-something&quot;, I think any one could relate to all of  Bridget's hardships.  I became so involved with the book that I would race  home just to read it, because Bridget became just a freind whom I needed to  talk to all of the time.  Now that I read the book, I heard a movie is in  the making, I can't wait to see if my vision of Bridget will be like  everyone else's!  EVERY ONE IN THE WORLD SHOULD READ BRIDGEt JONES'S DIARY!
0425163407|5.0|I thought this was the best of the ones by Patricia Cornwell that I have read yet.  I wish I had started at the beginning, but jumping around from novel to novel has been OK too.  I just really like the characters, the way  they grow with each novel and the way they remain true to themselves.   Definitely a must read.  Even if your squeamish like me, there is something  about Cornwell's writing that allows me to read it and not have to put it  down.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I have been hearing Dido's music on the campus radio station for over a month now, and loved everything I heard.  I know this comparison is made frequently, but if you enjoy Sarah MacLachlin, you will enjoy this album.   It can be difficult sometimes to find female artists who aren't so pop-y  that they make you ill (I'm thinking of Celine and Mariah here).  Dido is  an artist who is a sincere joy to listen to, and I'm recommending her to  everyone I know.  And this album is *great* break-up music!!
B000004CYT|5.0|Christopher Hogwood's Beethoven symphonies set was originally released in single-disk albums beginning in 1985; hence, from the standpoint of the digital age, they are already &quot;old&quot; recordings, which is  presumably why they have been released in a bargain box format. It  certainly isn't any lack of performance quality that prompted this steal of  a reissue. The performances range from very good to stupendous; Hogwood's  versions of the 2nd and 3rd Symphonies are particularly fine, and his 9th,  while different in respects from Norrington's excellent recording of 1987,  is a pulsating, lively rendition in its own right.  This is a set to snatch  up (especially at this price) even if you already have other recordings of  the Mighty Nine.
B000001E8P|5.0|PULP is the best band around these dyas....and DIFFERENT CLASS is their best album ever.  Jarvis Cocker is a genius and every track of this CD is proof of that fact.
0375707972|5.0|I am stunned to see reviewers here use words such a \\"totally devoid of emotion and character development... shallow... simplistic and trite\\" to describe The Reader.  But then this is America, where few have an  appreciation for anything subtle or understated.  For too many people here,  \\"If it ain't in your face, it ain't there.\\"  Just compare, for example,  French films and American films.<br />Bravo, Oprah... keep challenging the  depressing status quo of the average American.  If anyone really stops to  THINK for a few minutes, they might realize what a tragic, profound,  heartbreaking story this book paints.  There is a complex universe beneath  the surface simplicity.
B0000065O1|5.0|The Next Challenge is a wonderful video that anyone can do, and that you can do often.  I have enjoyed working out with Cindy Crawford.  If you are looking for a fitness program that will produce results, The Next Challenge  is the program for you.
6304539282|5.0|Send me an email if you need this set. i have a couple.(syberbob@earthlink.net).lucas is great.
B000002HRE|4.0|Come on, this is an obvious &quot;step down&quot; for Metallica, but you cant ignore the fact that its still good music.  I like reload better than lod, dont know why, I just do.  It may not be &quot;pure Metallica,&quot;  but still, its good music.  Also, this is the 3rd most tallented band in  HISTORY, they dont make bad music(1.Led Zeppelin and 2.Rush).  Someone said  they were as good as Silverchair, FEH! Metallica WILL live on forever,  weather you like it or not, sorry to say, Silverchair wont make it past the  millenium.  And to those of you that think bands like Nirvana and  Silverchair are MORE TALLENTED than Metallica, Wake up morons, stop being  so damn ignorant.
0553269631|3.0|The characters are engrossing, and it was a very deep, thoughtful book.  I suppose I enjoyed it, but there is a limit to how far one can enjoy a depressing book.  In the beginning, you have hope for the characters; but  by the end, Carson shows how futile human existence is.  Mr.singer is  clearly supposed to represent Jesus, and his Greek friend some version of a  Buddha.  I thought it was intriging how Singer, while the vessal for  redemtion and emotional relief for others, never finds his own personal  haven.  Even Mick, the &quot;heroine&quot; of the story leaves us with a  depressed and unfufilling end of things left undone.  The story is well  written, and well worth the read, but is so bleak that I will probably not  read it again.  However, it is worthwhile to read at least once.  The style  is spectacular!  -high school sophomore
B000002HMH|4.0|Well... I personally dont like load as much as their previous work, but going downhill? No, they went the way THEY WANTED TO.  They are older, and thus more mature.  If you dont like it, I'm sure they dont care.  Someone  said they they care about their fans.  Well, the fans dont care about the  band if they disagree with what the band has done, eh? If you are a true  Metallica fan, like me, you would realize its still Metallica, but just not  quite as heavy.<br />Metallica Is the greatest band of the decade, no doubt.   i would say century, but they arent, Led Zeppelin and Ruse are clearly  better and more tallented bands.  Anyone who opposes that statement doent  truely like music.  You may not like Zeppelin, but they are more tallented  Metallica.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is an awesome cd. Some people think blink 182 aren't punk anymore or they're too punk or they're pop or alternative but I think they're just as good as they've always been only they've improved musically. This is punk,  alternative or whatever you wanna classify it as at it's best. It's catchy  lyrics, loud guitars, and groovy drum beats. I'd recommend this for anyone  who's having a hard time in life or just wants some good music to listen  to.
B000000WZ4|5.0|This cd named Ultra is unmatched by any other right know to me. And I have had it now for almost two years.  I have played it know pretty much for two years stright.  I still can not get enough of The Love Thieves song #2.  It  was my favorite back when I got it in 1997.  I will soon have to by second  copy due to wear.  When is the last time you said that about a cd, and not  your sneakers.
0399143904|5.0|This book lacks depth of either plot or characterisation that can be found in some other of his novels but this did not spoil it for me. Although simple and a bit predictable in places the plot moves quickly and I found  myself caught up in its momentum to such an extent that I did not want to  put the book down. Candy for the brain it may be but I enjoyed it  immensely.
0964385619|5.0|I have read a number of excellent books on personal finance. This book , by far, is the best in helping people understand that there is a basic difference between the haves and have-nots. Most people have been  brain-washed into trading time for dollars and getting nowhere financially.  This book makes sure that we get the basic knowledge on how to separate  oneself from the crowd and the authors tell in a lucid, enjoyable style how  we can look beyond our noses and think long term. They clearly outline  steps to help us see what we can do to prepare ourselves with the current  economic changes.  This book is must for every person on the planet to read  and master.  The only people who would have a problem with this book are  people who are weak-minded and would like to stick to their excuses of why  they can't make it. But if you want to get ahead and are willing to learn -  start here.
B000009ED0|5.0|This is my fav Cd, i have over 30 of them, i've been listening to it for almost 3 weeks now and i never get tired of it, almost every song it good accept two of them or so, other wise all of them are good, it's a GREAT  GREAT GREAT BUY!
0783233477|4.0|Meet Joe Black should be rated R. Dont show this to a 10 year old. It was very good, extremely powerful, but in a way too scary. I loved the dvd effect.
B000001Y42|5.0|When i first got this CD, i thought &quot;man i can't wait to listen to this&quot;, I listend to it, and i thought it kinda sucked, but then i went back and listened to it again, and again and now i love it, it is one of my  fav CDs, Everyone should BUY!
6304082428|5.0|I have seen this movie in a cable channel here in Brazil. I loved! After that, I read the book and the others Jane Austen's works. I had already seen others movies based on Jane Austen books like Sense and Sensibility  and Perssuation but, Pride and Prejudice is something quite special. Colin  Firth, a unknow actor in my country, impressed me deeply. He is such a  perfect actor, besides a very handsome and charming man, that he gave to Mr  Darcy, an unforgetable character. I have seen him in other works (The  English Patient and Sheakspeare in Love) and he is really an great actor.  Anyway, Iwould like to see this movie again and again.
B000002ULO|5.0|One of his best. Every song has an essence all of it's own.It has many many highlights,such as the lovely &quot;calico skies &quot; This song is very pure, simple, and soulful. And of course &quot; If you wanna &quot; is  an addictive song. One worth puting on repeat. This is one of the sexy  songs. Every song is worth listening to. on the mature side of this album,  we have the song &quot; Little Willow&quot;a very comforting and hopeful  tune. This album clearly has written Linda writen all over it. It is  overall sweet, lovely, and perfect. From the eclectic taste of a 19 yr.   old girl, I can't reccomend it any more
B000002H4Q|4.0|I loved this cd, that when i lost my original copy, I had to get a replacement. This CD covers the gambit of emotions and styles from absolute hatred to apathy and back again. Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss me has got to be one  of the best recorded songs in Alternative history. But it also emcompasses  some of the worst crap imaginable Icing Sugar and Fight, but then that is  what track skip is for.
0380789019|5.0|This is a superb book. The author combines ideas of The Hobbit with his own original tale. He creates a world beneath London and puts explanation to everything we think nothing about. Gaiman develops he characters and  plot line into a stunning story.
0425107469|5.0|I have read this book several times over the years. Truly this is Koontz's best and I have read all of his books.I was sorry to end it because it is like you have lost a good friend.If only we could communicate with our  animal friends like that. How lucky we would be. This is a definate read.  Don't miss it.
B000003CKH|5.0|i'd give this cd six stars if i could.  the quality of music on the album is incredible.  every song on the album is killer.  overall the best album i've heard in years.
B000002ADT|5.0|No other piece of plastic deserves the words of Keats as much as Kind of Blue: &quot;A thing of beauty is a joy for ever&quot;. Uncountable stars.
B0000024YL|5.0|Simon and Garfunkel are indeed one of the most powerful folk duet of all time. Their lyrics are pure poetry, and their harmonies are pure genious. This CD is a great sampler of their overall masterful music. It's perfect  for anyone who wants an introduction to the greatness of Simon and  Garfunkel.
B000001F75|5.0|(Update 11/30/05)    Vagabonds of the Western World.    Short and sweet update here. This album is tops. So much so in the six years since the previous review its become #1 on my Lizzy list. While the very first album is #2. \\"Thunder & Lightning\\" has moved down to #3.    Why? Through getting older, appreciating differing styles and vibes. Vagabonds holds up on multiple levels and shines. The first album also is a textured thoughtful effort and deserves praise. Thunder and Lightning is great for what it is. The diversity is missing though from that release, and it doesn't have as much heart.    So in short, get this album. You'll be shining the spotlight on an album us fans know as flat-out divine.    -end update-    This LP is the last album to feature the original Thin Lizzy line-up of Phil Lynott, Eric Bell and Brian Downey.     Recorded in 1973, and released with high hopes of hitting it big, Lizzy put out this album to lukewarm  interest and sales. Not long after the release of this album, guitarist  Eric Bell burned out and left Lynott and Downey to pick up the pieces.  ..  and the rest is history from there..     Musically, this LP consisted of  many great songs and has aged among the best in the Lizzy catalog. There  simply isn't a bad song on the album. Some of the more notible are  \\"The Rocker,\\" which became a perennial live favorite of the band,  \\"Vagabonds of the Western World,\\" \\"Little Girl in  Bloom\\" and the newly added B-side for the CD reissue showcasing  Lynott's strutting: \\"Black Boys on the Corner.\\"      This LP was  Thin Lizzy putting all they had into the music and taking risks. Its  passionate, high energy and distinctive. For that, with Eric Bell's unique  guitar playing and sound, it ranks up there as my #2 favorite Lizzy CD  behind \\"Thunder and Lightning.\\"
0553573403|5.0|This has to be one of the best books I have read in a long, long  time.  It is light years ahead of The Wheel of Time and Sword of Truth. The story weaves a complicated web of intrigue and politics, of honor and dishonor,  and of treachery and truth.  The book honestly draws you in quickly and  leaves you hanging. You will come to respect, love and loathe most of the  characters, and find yourself begging for more. Alas, this seems to be one  of those long epics...let us hope Martin does not burn out as Jordan did.  Read and love this book.
6304539282|5.0|Just saw episode one with the family. Dont believe the critics this show is great. Cant wait to see the trilogy again. Go during the day and the lines are shorter.
6302914191|5.0|This is the best thing ever shown! I have seen each and every episode at least ten times. Its magical and supernatural. Its so romantic and my, my ..I could just eat that Bobby Briggs.... If you don't allready own this  -  excuse me - damn fine piece of work, buy it today!!
0393038912|4.0|In 1972 Professor Diamond, challenged by a Papuan friend, considered the question &quot;Why did wealth and power become distributed as they now are, rather than in some other way.&quot;  He relates that he didn't have an  answer then,&quot; but twenty-five years later concluded that &quot;History  followed different courses because of differences among peoples'  environment, not because of differences among peoples themselves.&quot;  <br />In 1962, at the end of his book &quot;The Origin of Races,&quot;  Carleton S. Coon wrote, &quot;Caucasoids and Mongoloids who live in their  homelands and in recently colonized regions, such as North America, did not  rise to their present population levels and positions of cultural dominance  by accident.  They achieved this because their ancestors occupied the most  favorable of the earths zoological regions, in which other kinds of animals  also attained dominance during the Pleistocene.  These regions had  challenging climates and ample breeding grounds and were centrally located  within continental land masses.  There general adaptation was more  important than special adaptation.  Any other subspecies that had evolved  in these regions would probably have been just as successful.&quot;
6305181772|5.0|This is most sertainly one of the best movies ever! Such an atmosphere! And the music!! *aaah* I love it. Ving Rhames is in it as well, and that's always a plus!
B000002UJQ|2.0|I tried really hard to like this album, but couldn't. Whilst there are some good songs on there, such as the melodic 'Karma Police', the rest of them are either dull, slow or just painfully average (&quot;no  surprises&quot;, &quot;fitter happier&quot; for instance). Maybe it  deserves some credit for its poetic content, but the surrounding music is  at times infuriatingly boring and similar. I like good music, and can  appreciate a good work, but this, despite it's many positive reviews is one  album that does not deliver.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is Led Zeppelin at the top of their music.  This album is one that you never get sick of.  I think that kashmir is Zeppelin's second best song of all time. (Behind the stairway).  If you are a Zeppelin fan, you should  have this album in a really big way.  This CD is a must!  Its as simple as  that.
0399143904|5.0|Another great book from Mr Clancy. Very much enjoyed the visit with Mr Clark &amp; company. Since I remember only one reference to &quot;Jack&quot; (as President), could this omission be a subtle hint about  our own current mess in Washington? I especially liked the ending of this  book and look forward to seeing Mr Popov in a future novel. Interesting  character.
0385493800|3.0|Testament departs from Grisham's usual courtroom/law office settings.  The story unfolds slowly and in detail but JG rushes us into the ending.  Did he have a deadline to meet?  I think this book will translate well onto the  big screen---law jungle adventure.  If I were casting, I'd pick Harrison  Ford as Nate.
B000002GLV|5.0|Yes, this is John Mayall and yes, it is very different. Sort of a unique album. You can either call it Blues or Jazz, whatever prespective you look at it. Perfect solos in blues pieces, no Jazz-like fuss. It is worth  listening every single note in the album. I have first listened to the  album in 1977, now got the CD. It is &quot;unique&quot; but this word is  not identical to &quot;something strange&quot;.. Very strongly recommended
0131103628|5.0|A warning to the beginner who buys this book; you probably won't be able to use it.  The very first chapter goes through many things that you would already need to know C to follow and every chapter after looks at each part  of the first chapter in detail.  <br />If you get this book, you should  already know what an int, char, for(;;), while(), if() and the theory  behind a function is.  If you knew but forgot (like I had) it should come  back like riding a bicyle though.<br />BTW, I did not understand what a  pointer was until I read this book, it has the best description I've seen.
6305388458|5.0|All too often in the rush to transfer a film from tape to DVD format, we get VHS-looking quality instead of DVD clarity. This time that isn't true! The picture for the Life of Brian is outstanding! Along with the great  looks you still get a very funny movie....but that's been reviewed before.  Get the DVD version...it's great!!!
0590353403|5.0|Have you ever slept in a cabinet under the stairs?   Have you ever stuck a magic wand up a troll's nose and got troll boogers on it?   Harry Potter has!   J.K. Rowling's book, Harry Potter and the Sorcerers stone is a #1  best seller in England and in the U.S.. J.K. Rowling  used exciting fantasy  to create Harry Potter and his magical world.   Harry Potter, a curious,  adventurous, and smart orphan boy is taken in by his mean relatives, the  Dursleys.   On Harry's 11th birthday he finds out he is a wizard and is  sent off to Hogwarts school of  witchcraft and wizardry.  There he is  involved in lots of dangerous adventures.   Will he survive these  adventures?   Read it to find out!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Ithought this was a totally awsome CD, I own Cheshire Cat, and Dude Ranch, this is totally awsome, if not better.  If you like Blink, be sure to pick this up.
0792836510|5.0|Simply put, this movie is the quintessential Spaghetti Western, and unarguably the best western ever made.  It's a film all other westerns aspire to emmulate, but without fail, fall short.  A reminder:  get the  widescreen version and see the director's true vision (and the standoff in  the end has ten times the impact).
6304466498|5.0|Spaceballs is a movie of entertainment for older teens.  The content of the plot is poor, though like other movies (Dumb and Dumber- and There's Something About Mary) that show a great deal of humor.  The Comparision  between Spaceballs and Starwars lets an average person to see why the movie  is so rewarding.  Any Starwars fans who are put up with watching it one  more time, Spaceballs allows you to laugh one more time.
B000002UZ1|5.0|It's all too easy to criticise 'best of' packages because they rarely satisfy hard-core fans. The Blue Album is open to the obvious grouses: 'What! You're telling me 'Don't Let Me Down'/'Hello Goodbye'/Across the  Universe'/'Octopus's Garden' is a better song than 'Blackbird'/'Dear  Prudence'/'Happiness is a Warm Gun'/'She Came in Through the Bathroom  Window' etc. etc. etc. etc.<br />However, if you've got about thirty bucks  kicking around in your pocket and you're not quite sure whether you really  like the Beatles, but, weeellllllll, they might be worth giving a shot -  hey, buy it! Your money will, at the very least, get you songs acknowledged  to be among the finest in the history of popular music (leave all the petty  arguments about selection till later; if you choose to get deeper into the  Beatles, you'll soon form your own opinions).<br />Among them are 'Strawberry  Fields Forever' and 'Penny Lane' - interesting because they were released  together as a single, and because they both deal with growing up in  Liverpool. But while one is a melancholy song, its sadness and confusion a  mirror of John Lennon's soul, the other, almost impossibly wide-eyed and  optimistic, reflects its author, Paul McCartney. Get swept into the epic  'Hey Jude'. Marvel at how fresh the sentiment in 'Revolution' is, 30 years  later (play very, very loud.), or the real art you'll find in the lyrics of  'A Day in The Life'. <br />Another point is that the songs that were released  only as singles ('Hey Jude/Revolution', 'Strawberry Fields/Penny Lane',  'The Ballad of John and Yoko', 'Old Brown Shoe', 'Lady Madonna', for  example) aren't on the original albums. So for convenience, at least, it's  worth buying the Blue Album (you might like to have a look at the 'Past  Masters' compilations for some of these tracks.)      <br />This is great,  timeless music that many people believe has never been surpassed. You might  not agree, but until you've heard it...you'll never know. <br />So, if you  only ever buy one Beatles album in your life...WHY??!!!
B000002HPV|5.0|I think all that Bjork touches is absolutely wonderful.. but this album is the best she has ever done, I love the songs on it. All bjork's work is perfect bu Homogenic is a creation that she really did to satisfy us, Hear  Alarm Call with its beats, Pluto with sci-fi effects, And all the other  songs, no songs on this album is bad, you can see that is because they are  Bjork songs!
0780622553|5.0|When i began to look at this movie I was a little depressed, but after half of the movie I walked into the kitchen in some kind of trance. I was euphorious! I took something to eat and after whole the movie I was happier  than ever. It's definitely the best movie I've ever seen. See it, now! I  have never had a &quot;all-time favorite&quot; movie, but now I do.
0141301104|1.0|In school I saw the movie and it was not so scary.But the book -my face was burning when I awoke  because I had terrible nightmares ,please dont read it.Iam thinking of speaking to the librarian who recommended me to  check this book out.Ater I read half of it I had terrible nightmares but  when my teacher made me finish it `cause she knew I was reading it,and I  finished it I didnt go to school the next day cause I was so scared.<br />   DONT BUY THIS BOOK ITS AWFULL
0345347951|5.0|What a nice change of pace from the usual end of the world story. Instead of the Aliens coming to enslave the human race (or destroying it so they can find a new home to engulf all of the natural resources from and leave  only to do the same to countless others in the universe) they prepare the  human race for better things.  Of course this means the end of mankind as  we know it but in the end it is for the best. Though I thought the book to  be a bit choppy, (meaning that in some parts he did not give a detailed  account of the outcome from some key situations) but never the less Clarke  gets across his views well and I give this book nothing but praise.  The  characters were great and never did I feel that a certain name didn't fit  the personality.  Read this book.  It isn't very long, so just take a day  or two out of your time and give it a go. Either you'll be done with it by  then or you won't be able to put it down.
6304117272|2.0|For people who can get the full version on laser disk.  It's really worth while! the VHS tape is a badly edited version of the full 4 hour fantastic film!  IF you taped the TV version, the TV version is an even bigger  ripoff!
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson ability to create a believable world with over the top characters is unsurpassed. Definitely thinking about encrypting my email. Where this book could have used a good editor, what it really needs is a  great ending. Recommend this book for all the reasons we read Neal, he  makes us think and laugh.
B000002GYW|5.0|There are few groups that will never go away over any amount of time. This is one of them. Although ALL of their music is one of a kind, amazingly wonderful, this one CD is, in my opinion, their best. It is a little  shorter than most, just a little, but you can feel their love for the music  when you listen to it. If you are looking for a CD that you can put on  repeat and listen to for hours, this is it!
B000002UV9|5.0|After hearing QR's music for the first time when my daughter had &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; playing, I fell in love with the sound and bought all of the CD's and video's available.  I find that QR's music  reminds us (from MindCrime on anyway) of what is important and what is not.   Great Music.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When you compare this album to Radiohead's first (Pablo Honey, a strong debut album that contains their hit single &quot;Creep&quot;), you see how much this extremely talented band has matured and evolved. OK Computer is a  moody, deeply textured album, full of songs that are complex and beautiful  enough that you won't get tired of listening to them after a few passes  through your CD player. It is also an amazingly well unified album: even  though the songs range quite a bit in tone and intensity, they subtly build  on each other to create a mesmerizing atmosphere that makes it very  difficult to break the magic by turning off the album before it plays  through to the end. Buy OK Computer and savor it -- a gem like this doesn't  come along every year.
6304258984|4.0|Well thats you, youre the rocket man. (kaboom) (snip snip[ahhhhh]uhhhhh) Thats when the dude gets nailed right into a pole, slices right throuh his stomach- best part of movie.
B000000H57|4.0|Okay, I love type o as much as the next guy (if not more), but 'October Rust' really isn't their best album, and I don't think is really indicative of the sound type o wants to achieve. Recent research I have conducted into  the release of their newest album (tenatively labled &quot;World Coming  Down&quot;) has led me to believe that type o commercialized and  compromised their sound a bit for October rust, and will not be doing so  for their next release (to quote Dave Burger's type o web page 'No four  minute &quot;radio songs&quot; on THIS album').  Many fans I know who were  listening to type o before October Rust were dissapointed (leading my  brother to rename it October Bust) and felt as though the band lost some of  the myst that was such an important element in their sound (for a fine  example of the sound to which I refer listen to 'Blood and Fire' on Bloody  Kisses).  But October Rust is still a very good CD (one of my favorites in  fact, despite my criticism) and is far far superior to most of the other  popular garbage that graces MTV and the radio stations these days.  But it  is still not their best work and I'm really looking forward to their new  album.
B00000IQMT|2.0|Who was the heartless soul who released this CD?  The music is good, but please, where are the pictures, where are the liner notes, where is the music?!?  I have the original soundtrack on vinyl of the Empire Strikes  Back, it has a greater percentage of the movie's music on it, a great many  pictures and notes on every track.  Much like the SW:ANH special edition  double CD.  Why did we get cheated on this CD and get something so  mediocre?  I am thorougly dissapointed by this package, though I do like  the music very very much.
0792151720|3.0|In terms of scale, design and visual accuracy, this film is unbeaten by all else. But the story leaves much to be desired. The fact that Star Wars fans are upset that the record for 'most poupular film' no longer belongs  to Star Wars just isn't true. I think that 'most popular movie' is actually  a poor reflection on the film's quality. It only means that (no disrespect  intended) the majority, lowest common denominator enjoyed it. With Star  Wars films, this is arguable, but most Star Wars fans like the trilogy, not  because Joe Soap liked it, but because it stimulates and absorbs them in  very personal ways. Now, back to Titanic. Obviously, Titanic absorbs and  stimulates many people in personal ways, but the actual merit of the film  is debatable. When a production like this is staged, absolute historical  detail MUST be maintained. Sure, the love story is fine, but what of the  famous Third Ship incedent? This was practically, and rightfully the main  focus of the classic 'A Night To Remember'. And innacuracies reighn supreme  in parts of the movie. Cameron would have us believe that Titanic was the  fastest and most advanced ship ever made to that time. In fact, White Star  never professed that their ship could be a record breaker. They stressed  comfort and relaxation. The pivotal point of the story should have been the  bad luck, tragedy and co-incidence that doomed the ship, not a soap-opera  set aboard a ship. Redemption for the movie comes in the form of fabulous  costumes, design accuracy and staggering visual effects. Other than that,  it is a contrived and often irritating tale, let down by historical  inacuracy towards the end. I think that Cameron should stick to films like  True Lies and Aliens.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is the only film that takes the three strongest film ingredients (violence, comedy, and romance) and produces one of the greatest films of all time. Few films match this one, if any. Its  &quot;Best Picture&quot; Academy Award was well-deserved and it's a crime  the picture is not in AFI's Top 100 Film's of All-time.
6300216802|4.0|the last words of the film sum it up: &quot;The human adventure is just beginning.&quot; The Motion Picture, is despite flaws, the reason for the existence of all the other films, and series. It is also home to the best  looking starship Enterprise, and the Klingon Battlecruiser. Never have  spaceships, particularly the Enterprise looked so real and big. They really  look like they're 300 metres long. Most subsequent evolutions of designs  and concepts came from this film. The story is slow, but to-the-point.  Luckily it doesn't waffle- it tells an epic story. The visual effects are  awe-inspiring, the scale enormous and the effect marvellous. Bad editing of  the live action makes some scenes a little uneven, and rough cuts are  prominent. The musical score redeems the film somewhat, as do the effects.  Production design for all things mechanical was spot on, but the costumes  fail dismally, much like first-season TNG. The film, as a whole, lacks the  heart of the series, and the other movies. The vast effects sequences and  the desire of the producers to 'out-do' Star Wars bury the characters,  stifling the acting. It seems a similar thing has happened to the new Star  Wars film, a condition I've dubbed TMP syndrome- the over-use of effects  and perfection.<br />Nonetheless, the film was a beginning, not an end, and  this earns it high marks in my view.
078062551X|5.0|A true triumph of Science-fantasy, Dark City is part 40's film noir, part Twilight Zone (some loving references, conscious or not), and part disturbing dream.  The love everyone involved in this project had for it is  evident in every splendid scene. &quot;Visionary&quot; and  &quot;breath-taking&quot; are words used to the point of meaninglessness,  yet here they apply.  For fans of intelligent fantasy, it would be  difficult to over-recommend this dark, disturbing trip.  Put the kids to  bed first.
0790741164|4.0|I feel that JFK is a very important movie to watch. Even if you are not a fan of Costner, Oliver Stone or the idea of Oswald as a pawn. It is an educational tool for america to look at and wonder what can and might have  happened.  The informational element of the movie is very high, Fast cuts,  Black and white or slow motion flashbacks, and a plot, no matter how long  the movie it is hard to stop watching.  One of the best visional movies in  the last 50 years. (well deserved Oscar for Cinematography) Next to  Platoon, Stone's best.
B0000019PA|5.0|This was the best album of 1998.  Avery Island was fairly good, but did not even close to the 5-star gem of Aeroplane
0792140346|5.0|Edward Norton has that ability to use his eyes to convey the totality of a moment and the essence of a character without speaking a word.  From the saddened chior boy in Primal Fear to the soul of hate in American History  X.  I liked Richard Gere in this movie, but, sorry Richard, Norton's talent  stole it from you.   A must see - then go get American History X.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I absolutly loved this cd. I never thought that they could do any better than &quot;dude ranch&quot; but they did! the lyrics are just sooooooo powerful yet still childlike. adam's song moved me to tears,aliens exist  made me laugh,and going away to college brought back memories. every song  on here was so awesome. anyone who even sort of liked &quot;dude  ranch&quot; will love this. buy it now!!!!you won't be sorry that you did.
B00000J7JO|2.0|ok.....the chili peppers are back, but they seemed to have forgotten about the great heavy funk sound that got them where they are today. instead, they've tried to make 15 more versions of &quot;under the  bridge&quot;....none of which stack up to the original. only two tracks  -&quot;parallel universe&quot; and &quot;emit remmus&quot; show any signs  of vintage red hot chili peppers. all the other tracks have some decent  melodies, but all in all, its either proof that the peppers are getting old  or are looking to pad their bank accounts.
6301967992|5.0|Of all the movies in the whole wide world, this is my ulitmate fave. It's the most perfect movie ever made. Everything about it is brilliant. Every scene is wonderful. It's full of atmosphere and magic, in the good old way.  It's scary, it's funny, it's the last great movie. -I could go on for days.  Just see it, but make sure it's letterboxed.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a very good disc.  It has a mixture of styles and sounds that only Moby could put together so seamlessly.  You can tell it is not just music for the masses.  He puts his own heart and soul into the music. It is a  shame that only a relatively few of us know and understand the significance  of Moby.
B000000OTU|5.0|I love this recording. Aerosmith is the most unappreciated group in rock and roll, as well as one of the most influential. There has never been a comeback as huge as their's, not even Bob Dylan! With the solid rhythm  section of Tom Hamilton, Brad Whitford, and Joey Kramer backing the  flamboyant front-men Steven Tyler and Joe Perry, how can anyone resist this  band? This CD contains the group's best work. This CD lives in my CD  player. I love it!!!
6300151379|5.0|I've watched this movie about 200 times by myself and with my son.  We've worn the movie down and I cannot believe it's out of release!!  PLEASE RE RELEASE THIS MOVIE.  It's a perfect movie to watch with or without kids -  wonderfully entertaining!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah shows off her wonderful voice and musical abilities on her fab tracks from 3 albums live, no fancy production ,as music is supposed to be heard
B000002BMD|5.0|I love this CD. The lyrics are powerful and poignient. The title track alone, (which should be turned up as high as possible for real enjoyment,) with its sweeping feel and incredible emotion is worth the price of the CD.  I recommend it.
0385493800|5.0|Of course it was another first chapter shocker that Grisham seems to do in  all of his books.  It was a little slow in the middle. I really like the book
B00000IL1K|1.0|Barnes and Noble bookstores have been playing this CD for two months now. Nonstop. I can't stop them from doing further damage to my eardrums, so I'll do human-kind a favor by writing a review here.  Right away, you  notice that Brightman's voice is tiny; it even cracks at the high ranges.  Like Franz Liszt's music, she alternates between loud and soft, then slow  and fast.  Every word is dragged out for no apparent reason other than to  fill the CD?  The songs are rinky dink but Brightman makes a big deal out  of each one.  In all, this stuff is cloying.  And I understand Brightman  had soprano training?  And she has fans?
B000001A5X|5.0|This is the perfect music after a long hard day at work.  Marvin Gaye was truly a gifted artist sadly missed.  I think this CD expresses something deep within him.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Yes, it was a bit predictable but the point of the movie was that this type of disaster is possible and something we should think about. I don't think the acting was bad at all. Liv Tyler is becoming a very good actress  and Bruce Willis is .. well Bruce. And the sound track for this movie was  awesome, don't forget about all the awards it won this year.
B000002KFJ|5.0|Possibly the greatest Hard Rock Album of all time. A close second: Deep Purple's &quot;In Rock&quot;.
0156528207|5.0|No man or woman who claims to have intellect should go without reading this book.  No man or woman who claims to have an imagination or an ounce of joy in their life should go without reading this book.  No man or woman  who claims to have nothing but a cabinet full of rotten bananas should go  without reading this book.  Put down your &quot;Philosophical  Dilemmas&quot; book and pick up this classic.  Read it to your kids or, if  you don't have any kids, read it to your friends and/or someone else's  kids.  Everyone needs to read this book, lest they forget and become  plagued by &quot;grown-up-itis.&quot;  And throw out those rotten  bananas...or make banana bread.
6304925131|3.0|john grishams best adaptation of one of his books! but thats because it was directed by the best francis ford coppola!!!<br />dtc#1
6300151379|5.0|This is the most amazing movie ever- the new generation of kids would love it!!! I can promise that i alone would buy atleast 10 copies- for my cousins, nephews, and nieces, let alone the other 300 people that have  written reviews. Atleast reprint it for a limited time!!!!!
0792833236|3.0|this movie was great plot wise, and scorsese did an excellent job of adapting the life of prizefighter jake la mata into a movie
1573301051|5.0|IT AWESOME.I loved it.I thas all the greatest women in music all lined and they give a great show that u can watch over and over. and will want to watch over and over.grand finally is the best.MUSIC WISE NOTHING CAN TOP  THIS.i watched this once  and it opened me up to them and i found out that  i liked shania twain and now i have to of her cd's.i liked everyone on  there.when they sing the finally you will be amazed by there great  talent!
6303402348|3.0|i don't think it was good enough to have won best picture, but ive dissagreed with a couple of the best picture winners this decade!the film is and will be a classic for years to come
6303686796|5.0|Taxi Driver takes a place beside Plath's &quot;The Bell Jar,&quot; Rosner's &quot;Mr. Goodbar,&quot; and just about anything by Salinger.  The movie explores the darker side of human nature, and maybe even the triumph  of that nature, but in the form of a person in whom you can see just enough  of yourself to make it really frightening.
0783226128|2.0|this movie was too slow!pacino was great holding the cuban accent the whole time must have been hard.but oliver stone ruined the movie.
0345404475|3.0|Its an excellent and weird book of science-fiction, which shows us the strange but imaginable, certainly possible and not to far away tomorrow of our world and us. Its a mixture between a fantasy-world and cruel reality,  with psychological and philosofical backrounds and a thoughtful  development. What I liked most is how the author analizes religion and the  need of humans to believe in something, eventhough it(s or) could be a  fake, like Mercerism. I also liked how he ridiculizes &quot;World War  III&quot; by saying that afterwards no one knew who started or ended it and  why they did it, and by letting us know that things, that are trivial and  useless to us now, could be very important and even esencial to us in this  strange future.
6304936303|3.0|this movie takes two of todays more popular actors and throws them into a movie perfectly written.
0385493800|2.0|Mr. Grisham's last two books have left me with the same feeling.  He's writing, telling not a half bad story...looks down and sees that he's got enough pages written for a book.  Regardless of where he is in the story  line, he wraps it up and calls it done.  I won't bother reading another  one.
6303168507|3.0|it blew my mind!but it aws a litt too slow for me. I am glad though that it won for best picture in '93, and this epic film along with SAVING PRIVATE RYAN just goes to show that Mr.Spielberg is one of the best!!
0671027344|5.0|WOW, words cannot express my love of this great work of fictional literature! Chbosky is a genius!
6305079900|3.0|a must see classi
B00000ICD9|5.0|This film is an easy target for cynics, but don't let their negative vibes cloud your feelings. if you are truly a romantic at heart, this film will get to you in a way unlike any other. This is a film that strives to attain  something very rare in cinema: GRACE. And while nitpicking about various  elements is inevitable, this film will haunt you and make you reconsider  how you live your life. Filled with intimate, heartbreaking moments, real  joy, and simply stunning effects, this was the overlooked best film of last  year, and includes several scenes which can proudly take their place in the  cinema pantheon of all-time great movie scenes. Watch out for the purple  tree. The one sour note is the film's last scene. Thankfully, a far  superior, far more gripping alternate ending is enclosed on the DVD, along  with many other extras.<br />Rich Kortz
0790737914|4.0|THIS is one of my fovorite cop movies ever!it should have won all 12 of its 1997 oscar nominations, maybe even more!!!<br />dtc#1
B00000IOSU|5.0|I was driving down the highway when my local radio station decided to play the live version of &quot;Possession&quot; from Mirrorball. I almost had to pull over, it was so unbelievable. I'm a big fan of all her music, and love  both versions of &quot;Possession&quot; found on Fumbling Towards Ecstacy  (my all-time favorite CD) but this live version is a must-hear! She blew me  away with her sheer vocal power and fresh take on a well-worn favorite. The  effect is raw, yet emotional and very energizing. This song has always  brought me great memories, but as many times as I've heard it, this one's  like a new gift. If the rest of the album is half as good, it still rates  more stars than I can give.
0780624890|4.0|this was excellent.i own it on dvd actually it was the first dvd movie i bought when my dad got a dvd player.its number 3, behind from dusk til dawn and  interview with the vampire
B000005C1B|5.0|Now it's here for everyone to hear(and see). After purchasing a Laser Disc player years ago, I stumbled onto the LD of this great concert buried on the &quot;clearance&quot; shelf of a video store(idiots). At the time I was  not a big Roy fan...just bought the Disc because it was cheap and I was  curious.<br />The performances are spectacular and the audio mix is one of the  best I've heard for a live performance.<br />Even though I can play it at  will, I get hooked evertime one of the local PBS stations airs it as a fund  raiser. Also, it's the only audio tape I carry in my car. Don't just buy  the CD, buy the video tape..a real bargin.  Hopefully a DVD is  forthcoming??
0790729725|3.0|this is an all time great.it deserved its spot on AFI'S TOP 100 list.but ive heard some say its better than the GODFATHER.what are you stupid!!! the GODFATHER IS THE ULTIMATE OF ALL THE GANGSTER MOVIES!!!
B0000060NA|5.0|I've heard many, many albums in my life, by lots of different artists and in all genres.  This one is the best I've ever heard out of all those. Everything about it is heartfelt, sincere, significant: singing,  musicianship, lyrics, production, engineering, even liner notes.  This is  the best Stevie ever did, and that's saying a LOT.  &quot;Ngiculela&quot;  is my favorite song of all time, and &quot;Another Star&quot; and  &quot;As&quot; are right up there too. Listen to the incredible drumming on  &quot;Summer Soft&quot;, the harp and tender vocal on &quot;If It's  Magic&quot;, the bass on &quot;I Wish&quot;, and the scatting duet at the  end of &quot;Another Star&quot; with George Benson and Stevie. Even though  Stevie went a little overboard with his ideas occasionally (Contusion; the  overbearing preachiness of Have a Talk With God and Village Ghetto Land;  the length and annoying chorus at the end of &quot;Black Man&quot;), the  strengths of this album overcome the minor flaws, very much so. This is a  great record to determine whether you're compatible with someone else: if  they don't like this music, there's not much else to say; either they have  a severe lack of taste or they have a false, preconceived idea of what this  will sound like. Either way, you're probably not going to get along with  them if you love and appreciate SITKOL. Unfortunately, Stevie went downhill  after this, and has never recaptured the magic he created with this music.  I haven't given up hope yet, though. Songs In The Key Of Life will reign  supreme in my book, until Stevie or someone else can put this much love and  talent into an album, which would be nearly impossible to do. It lives  forever.
630445841X|4.0|THIS MOVIE WAS INCREDIBLE!!no doubt it was brad pitt's best!!!in my opinion it should have won for best picture in '94 too!!
6304795254|5.0|Micheal Douglas gives a powerfull performance as a rich but lonely investment banker pushed to his physical and mental limits. This movie keeps you guessing and on the edge of yourseat untill the very end. The  last 5 minutes of the movie is one of the most intense situations I have  ever seen captured on film. If the movie has a small downside, it is some  of the unrealistic parts, but other than I highly recomend this movie!!!
630460288X|2.0|the whole fact that the future was changed into a cheesy &quot;be well&quot; type enviorment really was pretty stupid.joel siegel(critic off of good mourning america)said it was the best sci-fi movie since T2.was he  high!!! what really pissed me off though was the great earthquake the  allegidly wiped out the fast food chain industry, i couldn't handle this.  dont get me wrong i like taco bell and all, but i couldn't live without my  checkers fries.
630440607X|1.0|Anyone who has ever read Robin Hood knows that it has that same humorous quality that the Three Musketeers has.  The stories are always light and fun with plenty of action.  This rendition is aweful.  It doesn't even make  a very good historical portrait.  How many times does someone have to throw  their bow on the ground.  It took upwards of three months to make a long  bow.  Kevin Costner has an incredible ability to take a fantastic story and  destroy it.  Next time maybe he should read the book first.  It's almost as  bad as John Wayne doing Ghengis Khan.
6305232660|2.0|deep impact was more realistic than armageddon, butarmageddon was way more entertaining!!!!!
B000006U44|3.0|&quot;OUT ON THE WILEY WINDY MOORS....&quot; The stunning first entrance of kate's fantastically unique voice on the best track on the album &quot;WUTHERING HEIGHTS&quot; A great debut
079073639X|2.0|the only reason i rented this movie was  1.the cool trailer!!    then i learned that they ony show the good parts. 2.samuel l. jackson    he was good and so was the movie, except the end. i mean come on they are gonna  agree to forget! thats pretty cheesy.
0449002632|2.0|After reading wonderful reviews of this book in many places, I bought it to read during a cross-country trip. About a tenth of the way into it, I found the writing to be uneven, the coincidences unbelievable, and my  natural desire to identify with and care about characters thwarted.  Rutherfurd's book alternately lectures on British history and provides  barely connected narrative from century to century (his chosen method of  exposition). Frustrated, I struggled to finish the damn book. After a man  at a movie theatre saw me carrying the book, told me of his similar  frustrations with it (and with Rutherfurd's Russka as well), and suggested  I simply abandon it on the nearest table, I took his advice, and did. I've  read a dozen books since then which are infintely better than Rutherfurd's  London!
0792139771|4.0|this epic is on my list of top five action movies of all time!!!!the beginnings a wee bit slow, but the middle and the end is incredible!!!!!
B000002C1X|5.0|I had always passed Pink Floyd off as just a stoner band. Because all the stoners at my school wear Dark Side of the Moon shirts. Well, now I am kicking my self for holding back on trying them out. A few months ago my  math teacher was playing The Wall in class(no, you didn't read that wrong).  I was absolutly gobsmacked at how wonderful it was. This is what music can  and should be, taking you into a world, even if its our own, with full and  complex textures that just grab you and won't let you go. I was further  blown away that there are a handle full of people who didn't like it. You  can't please everyone but we can leave them to their N-Sync.
6304935803|4.0|This was indescribeable!!!It had action, laughs, and the screenplay was done by FRANCIS FORD COPPELA!!!THE MASTER!! THIS film is in my top ten list along with When Trumpets Fade,Saving Private Ryan,The Longest Day, Battle  of the Bulge,and Platoon!!!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is the most beautiful, creamy, funkmebacktonineteennintytwo experience, I've had in along looong time . My first real enlightenment through funk music was in the Blood Sugar era, and ever since Ive been  searching for an adequete  comparison. One hot minute was a good 'Chad'  album and Flea had some nice (non-slap) basslines, but Anthony singing  sounds a bit commercial without the 'real' funky four lineup.  Jimmy Hendrix died and was  reincarnated as a catapillar, which  metamorphisised into an amazing funky butterfly called John Frusciante. Now  that John has been reunited, the seeds of funk planted in 1992 will grow  again.
6304711905|3.0|val kilmer and kurt russel are av excellent pair together.the movie is smart, quick, and just cant be described in words. doc's one-liners were an excellent additoin.
B00000IAU3|5.0|After listening to Dido's &quot;Thank you&quot; song in a Lilith Fair sample CD or the &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; soundtrack, I was waiting for her first full CD. Great lyrics, great music mixing some electronica beats.  If you like an angel's voice like Sarah's, you would love this CD. Hope  everyone has the chance to listen to her. I wish her great success. My  favorite tracks: &quot;Here with me&quot;, &quot;All you want&quot;,  &quot;Honestly OK&quot;. Buy it!.
630529142X|2.0|when i saw the trailer on sphere it got me so hyped i was gittery during the whole movie, but when it later got released in theatre i never got around to going out to see it.so when it got released on video i immediatly  rented.i was shocked at how lowsey it was. i laughed twice maybe three  times through the whole movie.<br />&quot;you cannot do it&quot;
B000001ELP|4.0|This cd has some good songs on it but not many.  I ,Mr. Blackwell, and Escape from the Island are the good ones.  The Oath is pretty good and so is Dark Light but the rest stink.
630516889X|4.0|next to aliens this movie was amazing.great plot,characters,setting,visual effects,acting,directing and so forth....
0316286869|5.0|I have been studying fashion magazines for 17 years - since I was 12 years old.  I thought I knew everything there was to know about applying makeup.  Was I wrong!!!  This book opened my eyes to colors and techniques I never  even dreamed would work on my face, like eyebrow bleaching.  I LOVE this  book.  It has made me think differently about beauty, and best of all, it  has made me feel that my unique characteristics are what make me beautiful!   Within three weeks of purchasing this book and using the techniques, five  different people asked me if I was a model(!). This book is an absolute  must-have for anyone who wants to look her best. Kevyn, I can't wait for  your next book!
6304025831|2.0|dont get me wrong this movie was cool, but it took a long time to actually get started
B000002UB3|5.0|Outstanding means that this album stands out - and indeed it does. I appreciate that musical tastes vary, and so I must respect the opinions of those who do not find this album so much to their taste...however, I cannot  understand such a view.<br />I am a classical man primarily - I love Bach,  Mozart (Spinal Tap lovers - Mach...), Beethoven, all the greats. So I know  that great music does not wear out with years of listeners and critics. My  head is not stuck in the past, though - I have albums which I love by  artists as various as Radiohead, Herbie Hancock, Led Zeppelin, Garbage and  Sepultura.<br />So, I have looked around, and will continue to do so. But  Abbey Road remains the outstanding modern album that sticks out in my mind  as something that Mach and Spinal Tap would have been proud to write - it  is an excellent album, and screw the nitpicking...even the mighty Radiohead  have to take second place to the genius of every link here...my personal  favourite is She's So Heavy into Here Comes the Sun...but hey - find your  own.<br />Of course they don't make them like they used to - and why should  they? But just because something modern is good, it does not reduce the  fact that something old is a classic.<br />Lotsalove, Mrovich...
0790729644|1.0|i too want my money back! i expected another shoot-um-up western epic, like the outlaw josey wales, or the good the bad and the ugly!! how could this crap ever beat out a few good men!!!
0802713319|5.0|This is a must read. I enjoyed this book as a real thriller. The book is a clear explanation of a lot of mathematical notions. Fascinating!
B000009CEM|5.0|Even though DemanuFacture was a little disapointing, Obslete comes back harder and better.Burton will blow your ears with growling lyrics and Dino with intense riffs.I'd have to give this album a 9 out of 10.If you liked  Demanufacture you'll love Obsolete!
0783230893|5.0|This movie should be a must-see on everyone's list.  Why?  Watch it and you'll find the answer.
0385486804|4.0|Krakauer's narrative is tight, although at times inaccurate. For better or worse, McCandless has become an archetype for a certain stratum of society. Here in Alaska, the book polarizes people. Either Chris was some kind of  Thoreau savant or an absolute idiot. The book is worthwhile for this  reason. To answer a question posed in these reviews, the bus has become a  bit of a shrine. I've been there. It's a relatively brutal hike in,  especially if the Tek is high. His clothes are still there, as are his  boots, a notebook for visitors and a plaque. Only about 30 people or so  have made it up there, though. Be aware that Krakauer's distances are off.
6303192092|3.0|This is a great movie for kids who love the land before time series
0345404475|4.0|Dick has done it! With this vook he really beat any other book I'v ever read. He puts you in a world, not as we know it today, but in a world full of paranoic rebel androids, fighting for their existence in a society which  has no room for a human-like machine. Dick keeps you page by page with your  adrenaline high, impossible to get bored EVER. You could also say that this  book isn't just a simple story, I would also say that it is also a warning  about what could come...
0788816454|1.0|What's cooking!? While I believe in the ole adage &quot;TO EACH HIS OR HER OWN,&quot; this film is where the exception must be drawn!heh It's no wonder why SISKEL &amp; EBERT placed this on their list of WORST FILM of  1998. There was nothing remotely humorous about this film. Jokes that would  have received heckling if the main characters had been standup  comedians!heh And the most annoying factor of this film was SANDLER'S  voice. Can someone care to explain to me the humor in pretending to speak  like a squirmy nebbish!?heh Unfortunately, most of today's movie going  audience is comprised of adolescents, who have no clue to good comedy. Yes,  you have two schools of comedic films. CEREBRAL and SLAPSTICK.  e.g. WOODY  ALLEN would be considered a cerebral comedic genius. Both in writing,  acting, and directing. MEL BROOKS would fall into the latter genre of  SLAPSTICK. But for God sakes, their films are FUNNY!heh Now I know why this  film had been written by two of SANDLER'S college buddies. Because the end  result was just that. Reminiscent of a COLLEGE FILM SHORT!heh  Unfortunately, the duration of this film wasn't as concise!heh To those of  you who believe that this film was funny!? I ask of you one question: Where  is your humor bone!? Remember, revenues never equate to quality. This film  being a perfect example. It made $$, because of the millions of mindless  movie goers who had the nerve to shell out $8 for this garbage. Lastly, how  did HENRY &quot;THE FONZ&quot; WINKLER and Academy Award winner KATHY BATES  agree to be in this shlock film!? Unbelievable to say the least!!
B000002J09|4.0|This is a very good album. I purchased the Complete Studio Recordings and it blew me away. My top Zep albums are Houses Of The Holy and Physical Grafitti, with this not far behind. It's a pleasure to hear four musicians perform great music very well.
B000000WCV|5.0|this is a building block for any music collection.  if you listened to any music this year you need this this album.  any one with ears can appreciate.
0399143904|5.0|Mr. Clancy is an excellent writer and he continues to put out great books like Rainbow 6. His writing style makes you feel like you are with the team on their missions. I highly recommend this book to anyone! Buy it!
6301966562|5.0|It is amazing that this movie is priced for video stores, yet not one video store in Houston has it. Who uses the NTSC format anyway?  Here is a case of some stupid people who could make a bunch of money but don't want  to.
0684843749|5.0|This book is just fantastic, I really think that it is complete for everyone. When I found this book in amazon.com, I immediately understood that I couldn't wait the italian translation! I think that body builders  aren't always intelligent, and I found out that many informations that you  find in magazines, are often incorrect, but with this book the story is  different: Arnold is intelligent, the information are always clear, and I'm  becoming bigger every day!!
0767817478|2.0|Brazen hacks that they are, Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich surpassed themselves in cluelessness this time:  casting an outsized reject from &quot;Jurassic Park 3,&quot; and a misunderstood mama to boot, in the role  of a near-infinite power like the King of the Monsters.  And it's the  military (not the hapless &quot;Godzilla&quot;) who trash parts of  Manhattan.  Devlin and Emmerich are idiots!  Why did they think people  would buy a ticket in the first place...to see &quot;Godzilla&quot; run  away from helicopters and &quot;terrify&quot; us with a CAR CHASE???   Designer Patrick Tatopolous explained away &quot;Godzilla&quot;'s weakness  and lack of city-levelling flames thus: &quot;We were making an animal, not  a monster.&quot;  That's right, Pat...and that was your biggest mistake.   Japanese Monsters 101:  Godzilla does not run away from people.  People run  away from Godzilla.  Godzilla is not a raptor, E.T. with teeth, the Road  Runner, or a born-pregnant tribble.  Godzilla is an ancient power so vast  as to redefine the term &quot;monster.&quot;  Godzilla is something no  power known to humanity can stop.  Godzilla is Death Itself.  (If Emmerich  and Devlin ever film the Book of Revelation, I can't wait to see how fast  God runs.)  In the meantime, this mess stayed deliberately ignorant of what  made Godzilla films special to start with, instead stealing cynically and  shamelessly from other, inappropriately chosen (but vastly superior)  sources.  Don't spend any more money on this monument to Hollywood  ineptitude.  Buy the early-'60's version of &quot;Godzilla vs. Mothra&quot;  instead.  Now THAT'S Godzilla.
0060977493|4.0|When I was reading this book, every thing the author describes seems like I have experienced it. I just did not give them so much of importance. In other words this book is all about &quot;the small things that we  overlooked&quot;.
6303201970|5.0|This film is underrated.  The effects and cinematography are beautifully realized, James Horner's score is brilliant (at appropriate times irresistibly fun, at others, chilling, or spectacular), and the storyline  puts Kirk and company in the wry and unexpected but thoroughly enjoyable  role of rebels risking everything to save their beloved comrade.  (Spoiler  alert...)  Most importantly, Star Trek III takes risks, and an almost  unbelievably dark turn, as Kirk's luck finally runs out and his son is  murdered while he listens helplessly, and he decides to destroy the  Enterprise to defeat his Klingon adversaries.  (The explosion that  shattered that seemingly invincible ship's primary hull rocked me back in  my seat.  I couldn't believe it.)  The (Prokofiev-assisted) scene in which  Kirk and his officers watch the cometlike trail of their ship burning in  Genesis' evening sky is one of the series most memorable moments, eclipsed  only by the climax:  bloodied from a Klingon commander's senseless attack,  and with the Genesis planet literally coming apart in flames around him,  with Spock moments from death again and no ship with which to rescue him,  and as Horner's score reaches its crescendo, Kirk shows us what the word  &quot;heroism&quot; means.  His love of Spock will not allow him to  surrender a situation 999 people out of a thousand would consider hopeless,  and he robs death once again.  Moments later, as Kirk commands a stolen  Klingon ship wheeling away from the dying world, vibrant scoring and ILM's  spectacular explosion provide an epic counterpoint to his simple farewell  to his son.  &quot;Goodbye, David.&quot;  I guess you can tell that this is  my favorite scene from all of Star Trek.  It is a courage-giver.  The  denouement is a bit of an anticlimax after all of this, but moving and  imbued with a sacred feeling by Horner's near-infinite organ note...then  capped with a gentle moment of subdued lightness as our friends are  reunited.  It beats anyStar Trek film done since.
0802130208|5.0|Loved this book. I love it so much I itch. Sure the humor is a little broad. Then again, so was Shakespeare. They still named a line of fishing poles after him.
B00000ICD9|4.0|If you believe that heaven &amp; hell are of your own making, this film is for you.  If you think that Dr. Kevorkian can solve your problems, this film is not for you.
B000007T1M|1.0|I SAW THEM AT OZZFEST AND LET ME TELL YA. THEY SUCK.THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT HOW BAD OUR MILITARY SUCKS AND THE US SUCKS.COME ON.THIS IS THE BEST DAMN PLACE IN THE WORLD AND WE DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOUR SORRY MUSIC.TWO  THUMBS DOWN.YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS BAND.
6304994540|5.0|If you liked Fargo you will like &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot;.  Great Music Too!!!  I come up with this opinion after just one viewing - but it won't be my last.
068815333X|5.0|Dennis Lehane is fantastic.  &quot;Sacred&quot; was the first book I'd ever read by him and immediately did a search on Amazon.com for any other books. I've read everything I could find in print by Dennis Lehane but this  is the best!  I love the characters...hopefully the rumor isn't true that  this will be his last book with Gennaro and Kenzie.
B000002NAK|5.0|THIS IS THE ENTIRE MOVIE OF EVITA.  WHEN I ORIGINALLY WENT TO THE MOVIE I EXPECTED TO BE ENTERTAINED.  WHAT IT DID WAS FURNISH ME WITH AN EDUCATION ABOUT THE LIFE OF EVA PERRON.  ANTONIO BANDERAS SERVES AS A GREAT  ANTI-ADVOCATE.
0393316041|5.0|Recently, during a course in Quantum Mechanics, my professor suggested reading this book and I feel that my life has a new meaning now.  Richard  Feynman was a true genius and anyone remotely interested in the field or  the man must read this book.  Feynman's autobiography brings to light an  amazing man who fixes radios since he was ten, who cracks safes, who can  smell like a dog, does tricks like a conjurer and even picks rooms directly  opposite to the girls' dormitory!!!  One of the most brilliant minds of  twentieth century, the autobiography also portrays him as a human being who  didnt do extraordinary things but ordinary things extraordinarily well.  A  must read for students or even for ordinary people because the book also  shows that human capability is in the will and the mind.  We set boundaries  and limitations to our abilities ourselves not bothering to think that we  are capable of a lot more if we put ourselves to the task.  For a more  scientific approach to his work, you may wish to read the book, 'QED' which  has a series of his lectures at Caltech for the general public and the  famed 'Feynman's Lectures on Physics' his lectures in college physics at  Caltech during 1965-66.
B000001GQJ|5.0|Martha Argerich's performance of the Liszt is slowly gaining the recognition it deserves, as one of the greatest recordings of history, and not merely of the piano.  One critic asked \\"How is it possible to play  the piano this way?\\", and that nearly sums up the sense of  stupefaction one feels on first encountering this radical interpretation,  one of such delicacy, demonic technical prowess and overarching beauty that  others seem stodgily unimaginative by its side.    Unlike all the other  famous recordings -- those by Horowitz, Brendel, Pollini, Zimerman and  Richter come to mind -- Argerich see this as sensual music, an  uninterrupted flow of ideas, and her fingers are more than equal to any in  the former group.  Perhaps even more astonishing than her titanic octaves  or spitfire arepggios are the slow moments: the final pages of the sonata  are like a farewell, perfectly controlled, like someone waving ever more  softly into the distance.  In my view, this is by far the greatest version  of the sonata to have appeared.    The remainder of the recital is  magnificent, and one can only imagine the shock of its appearance, a nearly  unknown girl from Argentina with a technique and ingrained musicality that  would become the envy of all who heard her.  The standouts are a  high-voltage Liszt Sixth Rhapsody, with octave cascades that have never  been bettered, a spiky, metallic rendering of a Prokofiev Toccata (a  competition mainstay that sounds so often stilted) and, perhaps my favorite  of the set, a Ravel Jeux D'Eau of exquisite refinement and tonal beauty.   The Chopin pieces that fill out the recital are both excellent as  well.    Without doubt, one of the great piano recordings.
0871137380|4.0|Excellent story that was very difficult to put down.  Throught the story, I always had the &quot;I am there&quot; feeling.  Bowden also stuck to his guns by telling us what he promised:  about the batle and not spending a  lot of time discussing politics.  The only complaint (albeit small) is that  the book needed a few more maps and a cast of characters.  I put the book  down for a few days and then had trouble remembering who and where evryone  was.<br />On D-Day, I would also like to give thanks to all the veterans who  have made it possible for ALL of us to live in the greatest country in the  world.  Thanks guys (and gals).
6304117752|5.0|an excellent movie! I saw it as a kid. loved it and still love it. talk about quality movies! it is sad to see an era of such beautiful movies fade away. but I am so glad I had a chance to see it.
B00000DR5I|5.0|&quot;Rubycon&quot; is surely Tangerine Dream's finest hour. I see this album as the culmination of their early ultra-ambient work. It took the disparate ideas displayed on the previous album, &quot;Phaedra&quot; and  coalesced them into a hugely satisfying whole.<br />The album is worth the  money for the first ten minutes alone; this is experimental synthesis at  it's best, layers of beautifully sculpted sound mixed with those awesome  repeating bass sequences... it just doesn't get any better than this.<br />I  feel the later albums lost the plot with the introduction of recognisable  melodies. The mix of weird / tune was only fully realised on the  &quot;Poland&quot; album (in my humble opinion). The track  &quot;Horizon&quot; bringing back those early seventies strangeness and  mixing it with eighties sequencing.<br />If you like &quot;Rubycon&quot;,  Froese's early solo works &quot;Aqua&quot; and &quot;Epsilon In Malaysian  Pale&quot; are in a similar vein, but TD only rarely recaptured this kind  of form.
078062369X|4.0|So its not perfect...But its damn close. I heard dozens of people say this movie sucks, but it was better then Spawn. I loved Blade. The first 40 minutes and the last 50 minutes are worth every second. Stephen Dorff is  OUTSTANDING as Frost, but maybe a little miscasting mistake was made on  Wesley's side. But if Wesley declined then Will Smith would have gotten the  role (I'm guessing). I love the final showdown. Great ending which hints to  a sequel and cant wait till it comes out. Blade is fantastic!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana's latest shows her fast growing maturity not only as a pianist but as a fine vocalist.  With the help of Clayton and Hamilton (also on her 1st release, &quot;Stepping Out&quot;.) This is a finely done job of arranging  by Mandel and the musicianship from all is outstanding.  Her left hand bass  line on &quot;I can't give you anything but love&quot; is priceless ( a  salute to Mr. Rowles and McKenna?)    Diana is a gem.  I hope she never  loses the trio format and keeps playing the piano. This is her best  recording yet, and the others were outstanding.  Beautiful.
6305265496|5.0|When they got married and live happily ever after
0553378384|5.0|I have found the information in this to be invaluable.  When I read my own node I felt I was reading something written directly for me.  As I read other peoples I felt the same.  I have been studying astrology for many  years and find this to be some of the clearest most accurate information,  simple too as you do not need to have a chart to know your node and  therefore the detail of information offered in this book.  Kudos to the  author, Jan Spiller.
0380973464|5.0|This is Neil Stephenson in a techie mode, but without ever quite crossing over the line into science fiction. It's a long, but compulsive read, with some marvelously humorous writing that manages to be funny and nerdly at  the same time. I kept wanting to read parts of it out loud to people. The  characters are extraordinarily engaging, and the device of jumping back and  forth between two generations of the same families works very well. It left  me wanting more, though. The plot adequately resolves the primary plot  threads, but I felt like I wasn't really through with those characters. It  left me wanting to know more about what happened between WWII and the  present day, and what the characters are going to do next. Stephenson has  not written sequels in the past, but I hope he does for this one.
B000002BMD|4.0|At first, I felt betrayed that no song on this album is anything like the gutsy, and yet lusciously beautiful, romp that is the Holy Bible (my personal favourite). However, after the release of This Is My Truth, I can  see the complete evolution from their outrageous, evil debut album to the  polished, melodious recent material. Caught in the middle are three albums  with varying blends of the two extremes, none of them are anything short of  sheer genius
B00000J7S8|5.0|As a jazz singer myself, I never believed that anyone could truly take a song and turn it upside down, leaving one breathless, except for the late Betty Carter. Then I heard Diana. Her playing and singing on this album, as  in the previous ones, absolutely takes  my breath away!!! Diana 's rendtion  of &quot;Let's Face the Music and Dance&quot; is brilliant. All the cuts  have Diana's unique brand on them. The interpretations blow me away! I  can't think of another musician who deserves the success s/he has. Bravo.  Anyone who doesn't check out this CD should have his ears  examined.<br />Barbara Kelly, Siobebop Music
B00000J7RZ|5.0|miss lopez is an excellent actress and singer. her CD is way awesome. she already has the stardom, why not go for the singing. coming from a singer, she's got a natural voice, and what singer doesn't use back-up singers?  jennifer has done an awesome job with her music career choice.
0380002930|5.0|I first read this book when I was in sixth grade. Our reading teacher passed the book out, and I clearly remember rolling my eyes - a book about rabbits? Years later, I have gone through three copies of the book. I  carried it with me everywhere until the book was nearly destroyed. This is  one of the best books I have ever read - if you are looking for a great  read, I couldn't recommend this book more highly.
0399128964|5.0|Honestly, this book is one of the best I have ever read.(I have read a lot of books). Its plot, characterization and flawless storytelling make for one compelling read.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I don't have the CD yet but I heard I'm broke and Nookie and those songs kick a**. If the rest of this CD is half as good as those two songs then this CD will be a must buy.
B000002UAX|5.0|Badgeholder in Boston, you are factually mistaken. John does not turn in his grave when this album is played, because it was among his personal favorites. He felt that the material he wrote for it was good (even in his  1970 Rolling Stone interviews, when he was feeling bitter about the  Beatles), and was in fact largely responsible for 13 of the album's 30  tracks, more than even McCartney. Now, as regards your opinions: I'll have  none of this &quot;John was great and Paul wasn't&quot; crap. Their  partnership/rivalry was essential to the success of the group. As for songs  being &quot;long and meaningless,&quot; I don't think any of these songs  are longer of more meaningless than most of Dylan, whom you and I both  admire, and the Beatles did too. Both produced surrealistic works of great  suggestive meaning. And to all you average fans out there: This is a great  album, not just for older people, filled with fun and rewarding variety.
0783228317|5.0|A fun and free story about a wrighter and his so called loyer / alter ego/ more likely halicination... who venture to las vegas to work on a story... many other odd things happen during this process... you may remember this  man from the sunday comics... he has spent a lot of time there wearing a  pith helmet...  By my observation this is no a movie to be viewd once an  than disgarded but instead... to watched than to be thought deeply  about.... than definatly to be watched again..... I give it four smiles....  screw them damnd stars!!! <br />scott
0792833279|5.0|Get shorty is one of the most origional films this decade. It widly entertaning, well casted and Travolta is simply the best. The soudtrack is a killer to.
0684852756|4.0|This book is a wonderful exploration of the male mind, as that mind weighs the pros and cons of staying with one woman.  The book is well-written, with ocassional lapses into triteness, but overall, a very good read.  Ladies, don't do what I did and hope to find &quot;answers&quot; here --  the book is really just a trip through the miasma of indecision and  conflict that plague every man (hell, every person!).
B00000ILDE|5.0|Anyone notice how the in a few scenes the image would freeze for a split second before it cut to the next scene? Otherwise, an amazing job.
6304331185|5.0|One of the bset films ever made, if not the best. It twists and turns like a twisty-turny thng. Stagering performances all round, atmospheric music, brilliant script, mind scrambling plot, great locations etc etc ad nauseum.  <br />But I must agree with another of the reviewers, NO SEQUEL EVER! This  film stands alone.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication marks the return of John Frusciante, and the lost soul of Hillel Slovak. Being a long time fan, the loss of John (who carried on Hillel's spirit) was tremendous. Welcome home John, we're glad you're back  and I look forward to the future of the band and your stellar riffs...!!!!!
0374172897|4.0|This book was a real delight. I have to admit I have not read &quot;Mrs. Dalloway.&quot; Now, of course, I have to and then I'll have to read &quot;The Hours&quot; again, I'm sure. Yet, even without the Woolfe primer  I really enjoyed this book. That is, up until the end. It seemed to  suddenly run out of steam and just peter out. Or maybe that was the point.  But I was so interested in Laura and &quot;Richie,&quot; it's a shame so  much was left to a few catch up notes.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I was really impressed with Jennifer Lopez's debut, until I got to &quot;Promise Me You'll Try&quot;, after that it is not that great with the only worthy song being &quot;It's Not That Serious&quot;. Other highlights,  If You Had My Love, Too Late, Feelin' So Good, the incredibly funky Let's  Get Loud, Could This Be Love and the incredibly sexy and sultry Should've  Never. Good debut, hopefully she won't rely on the ballads on her second  CD. If I were only reviewing the first 6 songs, 4-5 stars easily, but since  there's the whole CD, it drops to 3 stars.
0380778556|4.0|As a middle-aged male, I am probably not the typical reader of &quot;Rebecca&quot;.  I raced through it in one weekend, careening through the many hair-pin turns that come one upon another in the last third of the  book.  The reviewers who complain of the slow pace of the first  third  should understand that the groundwork must be laid for the excitement to  follow.  I had to force myself to slow down so as to savor Ms. Du Maurier's  enchanting descriptive writing style (being a gardener helps one appreciate  the descriptions) .  I must differ with all those who state that the main  character  remained un-named throughout the book.  The main character was  named... &quot;Manderley&quot;.
6301773551|5.0|I've noticed a number of extremely hateful reviews for Star Wars, alot of them saying the fans should &quot;grow up&quot;. For God's sake, WHY? The movie(s) (ALL FOUR OF THEM) promote wonderful values (we all have good and  evil in us, we choose what we want to be), have a great sense of discovery  and adventure, and are fun for almost any age (I took my 60-something Dad  to see Phantom Menace). Why would anyone take the time to rip on something  like this? Why not just ignore it? If being &quot;grown-up&quot; means  being mean-spirited towards something so many people get joy from, then  I'll stay an overgrown child, thank you very much. May the Force be with  you!
B00000ILE6|4.0|On the list of great SEQUELS (the third was a stinker) this takes us back to where Ripley just barely got away from before, and puts us face to face with the queen mother. One of my favorites, a must for the movie collector  and sci-fi fanatic.
B000002TYX|4.0|As the hype surrounding the upcoming release of the first Anthology built to fever pitch, Beatles fans clutched their copies of 'Live at the BBC' in white-knuckled anticipation for...er...more of the same. If your  substandard, fuzzy live versions of 'Long Tall Sally', 'Kansas City', 'All  My Loving' etc. etc. weren't enough, here were...um...more. And because we  were eternal optimists and thought that somewhere underneath the commercial  cynicism there would be bits of undiscovered magic...we went out and bought  it anyway. <br />'Doh!', as Homer Simpson Esquire so aptly put it. <br />Well, it  turns out that the optimism wasn't entirely misplaced. The new track  (albeit a cover) 'Leave My Kitten Alone' is pretty good. 'No Reply' is  charming. Heck, even 'Moonlight Bay' is charming. I like the 'One After The  9:09' sequence. 'Cry for a Shadow' is a nice (but derivative) instrumental.  'Mr. Moonlight' is good.'Money' ain't bad. There's a sense of optimism, of  exuberance about the whole affair that was always one of the early Beatles'  most endearing traits.<br />And you'd just had a dose on the BBC album...but,  oh, you people. Can't get enough, can you? <br />And that leaves 'Free As A  Bird.' A degrading insult to the memory of both John Lennon and the music  of the Beatles, it reduced my respect for the three survivors to precisely  0.000000.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|This CD is, I think, best after you've listened to it a few times.  I love Jennifer Lopez, but her voice isn't that distinct.  (It isn't bad though.)  And most of the songs are pretty generic.  The biggest standout is &quot;If  You Had My Love,&quot; a really great, catchy song.  I also really like  &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot; and &quot;Waiting for Tonight.&quot;  Most of  her songs have a nice beat...the only song I don't like is &quot;No Me  Ames,&quot; which for some reason is on the CD twice.  Overall, it's worth  the purchase.  To take words from 'Feelin' So Good&quot;:  Jenny, you da  bomb!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Almost Blink's greatest album made yet buy I still have to say that Dude Ranch is the best. But buy this one and you won't be disapointed by it. You will find that every song is great and it's hard to find a favorite because  they all rock.
B0000048V8|5.0|Probably the most complete children's video. Recommended for anyone who wants to experience real joy in humanity. A great story that can be read, watched and listened to over and over again.
6303379214|5.0|I loved the sweetness, the tenderness, and the scenery in this movie. Tough words for a Vietnam vet to utter, but it is truly wonderful. I loved it almost as much as &quot;Rome Adventure&quot;, the difference being I  never got over falling in love with Suzanne Pleshette.
1558908358|4.0|While TRON was a groundbreaking movie, I didn't understand the story back in 1982, when I was  all of 12 years old.   Part of the reason was the confusing terminology and concepts -- just what exactly was the MCP (the  Master Control Program), the gatekeeper, and the IO port? Another confusing  thing is the costumes -- in some shots, I couldn't tell if I was looking at   Jeff Bridges or Bruce Boxleitner.  To add more confusion, each character  has either zero, two, or three representations in the film (Dillenger's  alter egos are both SARK, and the MCP, yet RAM corresponds to nobody, and  Alan Bradley is called &quot;Alan1&quot;, as well as &quot;TRON&quot;). And  the explanation of Flynn's mission is explained in only three fleeting  minutes on the screen.  Also, it seems as if there's a gap in the film,  when Yori, TRON, and Flynn traverse past the &quot;spider&quot; field. Bad  sound dubbing in the videotaped version also made it difficult to  understand. But I LOVE the phenomenal visuals, which look awesome to this  day!!<br />After having rented the movie and seen it about 8 times, I FINALLY  understand what the movie is about.<br />The following is a &quot;Cliff  Notes&quot; for those who were similiarly confused.  Don't read it until  you've seen the movie.<br />Encom's brilliant programmer, Kevin Flynn (Jeff  Bridges), wrote some great arcade games on the company mainframe in his  spare time.  His older colleague, the English accented Dillenger,  stole  the games -- and the credit for creating them.  Encom got rich off of  marketing the games in the arcades (to the tune of $8 million a week), and  as a result,  Dillenger briskly climbed up the coporate ladder to become  senior VP.  He fired Flynn, who now owns a video arcade.   As vengeance,  Flynn wants to break into Encom's computers to retrieve evidence that HE  created the games -- not Dillenger. Unfortunately, he runs up against  Dillenger's Master Control Program (MCP), which is a security program thatmanages the execution  of other programs, similar to an operating system.   Enter &quot;TRON&quot;, a program written by Flynn's colleague, Alan  Bradley. &quot;TRON&quot; is a program designed to kill off unscheduled  tasks, but its secret mission is to disable the MCP. Teaming up together,  Flynn, Bradley, and Bradley's girlfriend Lora (Flynn's ex-girlfriend) enter  Encom to shutdown the MCP and get Flynn's evidence.  In the process, Flynn  gets zapped into the computer by the MCP.   Flynn is then pitted against  his own old arcade game programs, and survives. Teaming up with Alan's  &quot;TRON&quot; program, and RAM (who corresponds to nobody), the trio  escape, but become separated in battle.  TRON makes his way to the  input/Output port (like the keyboard port) of the computer, so that he can  speak to Alan (aka his login name of &quot;Alan1&quot;).  On the way, he  picks up his girlfriend, Yori.  Eventually, TRON is able to communicate  with Alan to get the final code to shut down the MCP entirely and rewrite  it, thus enabling Flynn to get his evidence.  Flynn reunites with Alan and  Yori, and take control of a solar-sail simulator program to get close to  the MCP. But once again, the group becomes separated. TRON confronts SARK  directly in disk-to-disk combat; TRON almost succeeds in destroying  SARK,  so the MCP grants more computer cycles to empower SARK -- thus weakening  itself.  From high above in the solar-sail program, Flynn jumps into the  MCP and stalls it, allowing TRON direct access to destroy the MCP entirely   and replace it with a kinder, gentler MCP. The SARK program dies, the choir  sings, Flynn's evidence is revealed, Dillenger gets fired, and Flynn  becomes the VP (if not the CEO) of the company.  <br />In the final brilliant  scene, a time lapse view of bustling city lights provides a perfect analogy  of the city as a computer, with its own datapaths (highways) and programs  (you and me).  For essentially, aren't we all just programs doing the  incomprehensible biddings of our great, unseen, omniscient, and powerful  USER?<br />Enjoy the film!
0688170528|5.0|In Jodi Picoult's novel, THE PACT, none of the characters are totally likeable - just like real life.  From birth, Emily and Chris are pushed into a relationship by their parents and the reader is disturbed (at least  I was!) The results are horrifying: deception, death, a trial. Picoult has  a true talent for creating realistic characters.  As involved readers we  are horrified by the parents, we want to shake Chris out of his  romanticized view of Emily, and we want Emily to open up and reach out to  someone who can HELP her. This makes for some frustration because it IS all  so real.  As a mother of teenagers, I couldn't help but wonder what I would  do if I ever found myself in these situations.  <br />In short, THE PACT is  everything you want a novel to be! This page-turner was extremely  thought-provoking, engrossing and well written.  I'm off to get Picoult's  other novels right now!
6302769051|5.0|This is a western where moralizing has no redemption, there are no clear winners, and the idea of &quot;The Hero&quot; comes to be questioned.  This is a thinking person's western.  Possibly the best villain role Gene  Hackman has ever played with interesting roles for Morgan Freeman, Richard  Harris, and Clint Eastwood.  Great supporting cast, excellent  cinamatography, editing, and story line.
185984054X|1.0|The title of this book basically says it all!  How could you stoop so low?  Shame, shame on you Christopher Hitchens!  Maybe royalties and fame are what drives you -- sensationalism at it's finest.  <br />Mother Theresa was a  selfless, giving individual who had little regard for herself and did work  which only could have been inspired by God Himself.<br />Uninspired trash!
0446604844|1.0|A piece of advice to surfers reading these reviews: a rave is one thing, but one that seems so worshipful of the text in question as to be nearly orgasmic should be highly suspect of being less a neutral review and more  an advertisement submitted by paid employees of the publisher.
B000002BE9|5.0|Fiona Apple is without a doubt my favorite singer/songwriter/piano-player/lyricist/etc. I adore EVERY SINGLE SONG on this entire CD and pray to the music gods every night to make the release  date for this goddess's next CD be very, very soon.  &quot;Criminal&quot;  is a great song, yeah, very &quot;bad, bad girl-ish&quot; and all, but I  also think it's the most contrived of the lot, which is probably why it was  the only one to get the airtime these songs all deserve.  There is a great  range of musical styles here- a little bit of hip-hop on &quot;Sleep To  Dream&quot;, bouncy Chicago blues on &quot;Shadowboxer&quot;, sullen torch  singing on &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot;, and fabulous bossa nova on my  all-time fave, &quot;The First Taste&quot;.  In the two years I've had this  album I've listened to it at least a couple hundred times and forced all of  my friends to listen to her- and they all adored Fiona as much as I do.   And I don't care what anyone says about Fiona's singing voice- I think it's  wonderful myself, and perfect for the things she sings. Sure, if she was  another generic pop-singing brand name like Ms. Spears or Ms. Carey it  wouldn't work, but Fiona is way out of their league- and so is her voice,  and her beautiful music.
014028009X|1.0|..you regret it every time! Heavy reliance on ethnic stereotypes (the oversexed Latin lover -- please!). My analysis is: &quot;nutritional content, zero; fat content, gazillion cals. Ugh. Resolve to do  better!&quot;
0784011796|5.0|Pi is probably the best film I've seen in the last year. It's truly unfortunate that this film couldn't be enjoyed by the mainstream &quot;beavis and butthead&quot; America. This movie shows just how good  independant films can be. This movie probably cost less than a single day  of catering at most hollywood productions.  The character of Max Cohen is  quite believable in his schitzophrenic tendencies. Some say that he's not  likeable, but really he isn't supposed to be. In general, all the actors do  a fine job.  A few times in the story, I felt a little lost, but was able  to figure out exacting what what happening. Not once in the film did I get  bored by what was happening, which is surprising since this film deals with  mathematics.  I watched the film yesterday, and it's still stuck in my  head. I will probably be thinking about it for a while longer. I'm looking  forward to purchasing the DVD, just so I can get the few extra scenes. For  anyone who wants to see good film making, and can stand a little thinking,  I recommend this film.
B00000AFFF|2.0|I had heard so many raves about this album, in Vanity Fair, The New Yorker, and everywhere else.  I thought it might be an interesting merging of Costello's balladeer phase and Bachrach's progression into something at  least marginally different than he had done in the past.  BUT: I really  find this to be so boringly derivative that I can hardly make it through  the whole album.  What are people entranced by here?  I really would like  to know what I'm missing!
0805054375|5.0|Loved the book.  Could really see an underground developing around the plot line.  Maybe this is what the Promise Keepers do to prove their devotion and make themselves alive.
B00000IQW0|5.0|It may have been made in an attempt to cash in on the success of &quot;STAR WARS&quot;, but &quot;BATTLESTAR GALACTICA&quot; has withstood the test of time to become one of the best sci-fi films ever made.   The  story is gripping and, at times, funny.  The cast, especially the leads  (Richard Hatch, Dirk Benedict, and Lorne Greene) are all perfect in their  roles.  The effects, while somewhat dated, are still great to look at.  Who  can forget the awesome destruction of Caprica?  The awesome ships and  costumes? The Cylons?  All of these elements, and many more, make this one  awesome film to behold.  A must see for any serious fan of science fiction.   Don't listen to those who say that this is nothing but a &quot;STAR  WARS&quot; ripoff.  They don't know what they are missing!  Do yourself a  favor-BUY THIS DVD TODAY! Also, there is currently underway an effort to  get &quot;BATTLETAR GALACTICA&quot; brought back as a new series or movie.   With your help, we can see that this great show finally gets to realize its full  potential.
B000002UAX|5.0|There is no better album!  Can you name another album that has30 great songs, and at least 10 different styles of music?  That'swhat I thought.  And after the Beatles perfected modern rock production with &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; they have the nerve to make a lo-fi album like &quot;The White Album&quot; that sounds just as dirty as the Velvet Underground or the Stooges. Unlike other Beatles albums, this one takes multiple listenings to understand and enjoy (like other doublealbum masterpieces, like &quot;Exile On Main St.&quot; and &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;), but once you make the effort, you will be rewarded immensely with the best music ever made.  Unlike most albums, it's the non-hits that make this album with &quot;sleepers&quot; like &quot;Happiness is a Warm Gun,&quot; &quot;Honey Pie,&quot; &quot;Mother Nature's Son,&quot; &quot;Long, Long, Long,&quot; &quot;Sexy Sadie&quot; and numerous others.  Other aspects of the album which confuse first time listeners are odd juxtapositions of tracks like the noisy &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; next to the quite &quot;Long, Long, Long&quot; or the avant-garde musique concrete piece &quot;Revolution 9&quot; next to the scmaltzy lullaby &quot;Good Night.&quot; Think about this album, as it invites intellectualizing. If you are just now being introduced to the moptops, this probably isn't the one to start with.  Try &quot;1962-1966,&quot; &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road.&quot; Then work your way into &quot;Revolver,&quot; this album, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and &quot;Please Please Me.&quot; If you make it this far, then buy them all!
B00000I2UE|4.0|Darklands is one great albun of one of my favorite bands. It's calm and esay to listen compared to PsychoCandy.  Anyway, My favorite Album is Automatic ... but this one is the best to start loving this band.
0783222734|5.0|Im from Argentina and I love this movie. I saw it over 40 times and I still shake whenever the T-Rex attacks the cars. This video is a must-have, baby!
6303686745|4.0|Fail Safe has often been unfairly compared to Dr. Strangelove, and as a result has not gotten the attention is deserves as a film.  And it deserves attention as a film with superior performances, outstanding twists, and  chillingly claustrophobic presentation.<br />The plot, from Eugene Burdick and  Harvey Wheeler's 1962 novel, is straightforward; an unidentified aircraft  is picked up on NORAD radar and causes the Strategic Air Command to send  bombers to fixed orbiting points near Russia, called Fail Safe points.   When the UFO is identified as an off-course airliner, the bombers are  recalled.  But a blown fault indicator at SAC HQ in Omaha necessitates  replacement; this causes a power surge that activates one bomber group's  automatic attack signal.  Making matters worse, the Russians jam the  group's radios, leaving the crew convinced that war has broken out, and  forced to carry out their operational order; incinerate Moscow.<br />The sheer  excellence of the cast - Dan O'Herlihy, Walter Matthau, Edward Binns, Frank  Overton, Fritz Weaver in his film debut, Sorrell Booke, Henry Fonda, Larry  Hagman, and so forth; Dom DeLuise gives a magnificent performance in his  brief role as an Air Force Sergeant forced to reveal secret information to  the Russians to help them stop the attacking bombers - the chilling B&amp;W  photography, and Sidney Lumet's direction help the film overcome several  weaknesses in the script.  The biggest weakness comes in the film's ending;  the President agrees to incinerate New York City in the event that Moscow  is destroyed, which works as drama but contains zero plausibility.  Also  hurting the film is its portrayal of Pentagon advisor Professor Groteschele  (Matthau), who comes off as an utterly bloodthirsty case of  insanity.<br />Then there are the subtle hints of a moral equivalency written  into the story, an equivalency that never existed between the US and USSR.    &quot;You have the same equipment we do!&quot;&quot;They (Russian SAMs)  are no different from ours, sir.&quot;&quot;We have computers, like  yours.&quot;  Basically the film treats both superpowers as equally guilty  and equally innocent of the disaster that befalls them.  It would be a much  better film had it been more honest in pointing out that the US and USSR  never were moral equals.<br />But such quibbles should not detract from the  sheer power of the film's presentation.  The nuclear threat has not quite  evaporated with the collapse of Soviet Russia, so the film still retains a  relevancy that adds to its brilliance as drama.
0800137841|1.0|If you spend more than 10 cents on this film, it's a dime too much.Kenneth &quot;I should stick to Shakespeare&quot;Brannaugh's adaptation of the Mary Shelley novel is flatulent at best. If you are a true horror fan in need of  some heavy-duty laughter, this one's for you!!!!
0385493800|1.0|The opening chapter of this book does an excellent job of drawing in the reader, but the bulk of the story is an unspeakable disappointment that left me wondering whether anyone with a fraction of John Grisham's  intelligence could possibly have written it.  It is a contrived,  predictable, thinly-disguised piece of religious propaganda that left me so  cold that it will take more than a little convincing to ever get me to pick  up another of his books, let alone pay good money to own one.  Words cannot  express my disappointment.
0380789019|5.0|i LOVED this book!!  It is a mix of fantasy, horror, and comedy all rolled up into one wonderful book!  Neil Gaiman has become one of my favorite writers because of the unique-ness of his books.  Be sure to also read his  SANDMAN series, STARDUST, and his short stories in SMOKE AND MIRRORS.
B00000IAU3|4.0|So take this...a debut album that has only been around for two weeks but will absolutely become a classic. There is no doubt.<br />Haunting, melodic, soulful, spiritual, sassy and downright can't-get-it-out-of-my-mind  musical, it is a breath of fresh air to the music scene.<br />But, like the  best kept secrets, whisper the name of this artist only to close friends  and family. We don't want her (much deserved) success going to her head and  spoiling this perfect balance of raw emotion, subtlety and ingenuinity. A  perfect find, and a perfect debut.
B000002AS3|5.0|Where to start? This incredible album changed my life! 1994 was a great time of musical discovery for me. But oasis by far were the band that had the deepest impact on me. I love British rock, from the Stone Roses to Kula  Shaker, and when I heard the first chords from the first song in Live  Forever, I was taken to a different world. Like this world, just with all  the beautifull harshness magnified by Liam's make me melt faster than  butter voice, Noel's soul ripping lead guitar, Bonehead and Whitey's added  wicked guitar, together over a rhytmic beat equal to my heart's. And I feel  awe inspiring wonder, looking back, that this was just a base for Morning  Glory, Be Here Now, and The Masterplan!!! As I listened to Definitly Maybe  for the first time, Live Forever and Supersonic(the opening of that song  almost kills me every time) I was already familiar with; but Columbia, Up  in the Sky and all the others blew me away with their addictive lyrics,  beautiful guitar, and Liam's lovely voice. Their music was so refreshing.  Slide Away. Just saying it makes me almost cry. The song is definitly an  oasis classic. Definitly Maybe have/will change music and inspire others to  listen and make music, as it has done to me. I DON'T KNOW, I DON'T CARE!  ALL I KNOW IS YOU CAN TAKE ME THERE!!!
0440224764|5.0|This is a very good story.  From the begining it had me on the edge of my seat!  I really enjoyed this! Keep up the good work!
B00000251N|5.0|It's hard for me to be objective about this album. I'm not much of a Neil Diamond fan personally. And time has not improved how I feel about his voice. However, when I was in 3rd grade, I had a teacher who attempted to  teach a bit of musical appreciation...and played this album for us. I was  beyond moved. It made me realize what music can do in terms of setting  moods and such. I was hooked. Much begging of my parents and I was soon  wearing out my own copy. I still have it 21 years later. And thru this I  was introduced to my favorite book. Naturally as I got older I moved away  from it. Neil just wasn't too cool anymore. As I was packing to move  recently, I unearthed my tattered vinyl copy of this &amp; for laughs put  it on. My laughs ended....the music still had the power to transport me.  And I truely understood how trancendent the music is. The lush  arraingements still moved me. I ordered a cd copy before side one had  finished. My only complaint: The original album was beautiful in it's  packaging...a wonderful book with stunning photos (which made the movie  look real dull in retrospect). Nowhere to be found now. That and it could  really use a remastered version. It sounds good, but it could be better.  This is the original &quot;new-age&quot; album, in my opinion. Beautiful,  haunting, spiritual.   &quot;Transcend...purify...glorius&quot;.
0553328255|5.0|how did doyle come up with those sophisticated plot
B00000IPAX|3.0|unfortunately, this is the worst blink 182 cd i have ever heard.  but the songs still seem to amaze me, so i give it a three.
B0000027RL|5.0|The only other group I know of that has a debut album as good as this is Led Zeppelin.  This album rocks, and is definitely one of the best in my collection.  If you like Pearl Jam but don't have this CD, buy it!
630529142X|5.0|Here I am listening to Dave Matthews thinking that I am the regular Joe, when all of the sudden I read a review that said that this movie had nothing to offer to the &quot;Average Joe&quot;...needless to say I was  offended...this movie, regardless of whether you like Sandler or not has  laugh-out-loud moments. Even I as a movie skeptic find that impressive  because I can not remember the last time I laughed out loud in a theatre  (all right I can it was &quot;Something about Mary&quot;).You, regardless  of who you are and who you like, would do well to at least rent this movie.
B000002BFZ|1.0|I loved Ten, Vs. and Vitalogy, but on album #4 Pearl Jam seem to have collapsed completely.  *Thud*.  Only 2 out of 13 songs here are listenable, one of them is not even sung by Vedder - yikes!!!  (does anyone understand  the logic in that?)
B0000025RI|4.0|Michael Jackson is a weirdo.  But, who can blame him considering he never grew up and was a star at such a young age.  However, you got to give him credit. This is a damn fine 80's pop album.
B0000028UK|4.0|I won't get tired of listening to this one over and over.  So much energy and talent here, it's a great and exciting sequel to Ten.  Definitely an &quot;anger&quot; album, good for cranking up in your car when you are in a  bad mood.
B000000OQF|5.0|One of the best albums of the 80s and proof that &quot;hard rock&quot; or &quot;heavy metal&quot; or whatever you want to call it doesn't have to be stupid, juvenile or silly.  I first got this on cassette when I was high  school and I wore that tape out! If you don't own this already...what the  hell are you waiting for? Buy it.
B000005B0U|4.0|The &quot;Blues Brothers 2000: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; CD represents something of a paradox. The CD, and the film for which it is the score, are intended -- at least in part -- to reinvigorate a great blues  tradition which has waned in its cultural importance. I applaud this.  Ackroyd and Goodman are plainly blues aficionados. Their hope in making  this CD is to help legitimate blues artists reach a wider audience. In  this, they have, I suppose, achieved a modest success -- but in so doing  they have made some serious compromises.   The music on this CD will reach  and appeal to an audience who might never otherwise buy a blues CD. This is  good. On the other hand, by &quot;dumming down&quot; the genre -- by  presenting it in something akin to &quot;comic book&quot; form, the film  and the CD cheapen somewhat the artform they seek to showcase. I suppose  this is inevitable, but, it's still sad.    The best songs on this CD are  not quite the real thing. &quot;Nothing But The Blues&quot; by The  Louisiana Gator Boys (featuring BB King, Koko Taylor, Steve Winwood, Lou  Rawls, Dr. John, Eric Clapton, Isaac Hayes, Grover Washington Jr. Bo  Diddley, Billy Preston, Jimmy Vaughn, Gary &quot;US&quot; Bonds, Travis  Tritt and many other legitimate musicians) is admittedly a lot of fun and  has some terrific moments of individual virtuousity. Still, it's not  exactly blues -- rather, more like a bunch of blues soundbites strung  together to form something which isn't quite a unified piece of work. It's  certainly not as good as, say, King's own version of the song which is  widely available. The same can be said for The Blues Brothers Band's  &quot;Lovelight&quot;. This effort has a more unified structure, and  Goodman and Ackroyd -- aided by a solid band of legitimate players and some  not-so-subtle electronic enhancements of their vocals -- display a lot of  energy. It's good, but it pales terribly in comparison to Bobby Bland's  masterful original. Perhaps the best song on the CD is &quot;New  Orleans&quot; -- a collaboration between King's Gator Boys and Ackroyd and  Goodman's Blues Brothers Band. The song has wonderful energy. Still it is  the same sort of patchwork job as &quot;Nothing But the Blues&quot;. Bonds,  Tritt, Dr. John and Hayes all have wonderful brief vocal moments, but the  pleasing whole is still much less than the sum of its parts.    Another sad  feature of the CD: two of the films best songs -- James Brown's  &quot;Please, Please, Please&quot; and Junior Wells' &quot;Checkin' On My  Baby&quot; -- which add luster to the endcredits do not appear on the CD.  That said, I should, in fairness, add that Matt Guitar Murphy's &quot;The  Blues Don't Bother Me&quot; and Blues Traveler's &quot;Maybe I'm  Wrong&quot; which do appear on the CD are both very much legitimate works  of blues art.    My reservations notwithstanding, this CD represents a  noble undertaking and even a qualified success.
B000002KHF|5.0|I'm not sure why it took me so long to discover this album, but I'm glad I finally did.  It is an amazing collection of songs. &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; is a brilliant song.  Everyone should own this.
B000002UDV|4.0|A few years ago I got Pet Sounds, and never liked it that much. I knew it was a critically acclaimed album, but I never really got into it. Then, something happened....I went through a real hard time in my life and had to  grow up and be a man.  After this difficult time in my life had passed, I  went on a vacation to Florida to relax, think and figure out what to do  with my life.  I taped a few cds to listen to on my walkman on the  beach...Pet Sounds was one of them.  I walked along the beach one day with  Pet Sounds on, and nothing has ever seemed so right. Brian Wilson's lyrics  and the beautiful music on Pet Sounds reminded me of the simple, beautiful  things in life and put smile on my face for the first time in a long time.   Music actually made me feel better about life that day. Give Pet Sounds a  good listen again, if you haven't already.
B000000OSE|2.0|Guns N' Roses rocked their way to popularity by being real.  Appetite for Destruction and GNR Lies were great because they were raw and abrasive. Then, wouldn't you know? They became big rock stars and thought that they  needed to have pianos, backup singers, and all sorts of over-produced  garbage on their albums.  The Illusion albums marked the beginning of the  end for Axl and the boys. They thought they had to be &quot;artists&quot;  instead of just kicking ass.  Blame Axl.
B000000W5L|5.0|This album is grungy, greasy, dirty, sweaty and GREAT.  It's raw and sloppy and that's what makes it so good.  Everytime I hear the first few notes of this album, I want to pop open a cold beer and dance around.  This  is rock n' roll!
B0000025F7|5.0|Forget all that other post-Thriller &quot;king of pop&quot; trash. This is Michael at his best.
6304795254|4.0|Michael Douglas true to type cast and obviously enjoying the part, turns an average night table thriller into a memorable movie with a dash of steel. Sean Penn plays the degenerate brother, with all his charasmatic  subtlety. A movie for intelligent adults who have little patience for  mediocrity. DVD compliments the excellent photography, outstanding score  and unique settings.
0790734311|1.0|This is one of the most overrated movies ever. I love Clint, but not when he's directing. (I  didn't like &quot;Tightrope&quot; or &quot;Outlaw Josey Wales&quot; either.) Some say it's slow, but it's really not. To hide its  dragging, he uses the old trick; fast editing. I always found too rapid  cross-cutting unnecessary, and irritatingly modern. Most movies look the  same now, it doesn't matter if it's drama, comedy, action or in this case;  western. I often wonder why actors accept this. Maybe all they care about  is being busy, and making big money. -They may care about the script, but  not the look of the film. -If they did, Hollywood movies wouldn't all look  the same. -They'd be calling for variety and art, but they won't. Hollywood  has the ability to make the best movies in the world, so why don't they ?.  And Clint plays right along with it, instructing editor Joel Cox. The  scheme seems to be; if it's fast it's good. And the critics fall for it.  Well, what do they know. And so we're left with yet another dull movie.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Yes these are &quot;pop&quot; songs, but who could think that pop songs could be like this? But dont let the word &quot;pop&quot; fool you into thinking this is just another radio band.  These guys are extremely  talented, and you can tell that they work their asses off in playing this  music. This is an album that you should just crank up on the CD player and  go for a drive. After I bought this CD I drove around for almost 2 hours  listening to it. Its that good.  There are parts of this album that make  you feel as if you are actually rising off the ground into the sky. Doug  plays the most beautiful, yet simple rifts that I've heard in a long long   time.
B000001FY9|5.0|Everybody should have this cd in their collection.  It is a great album...I also suggest the cd Natural Mystic which is a nice compliment to Legend.
0684867621|5.0|This book made me think of what I would do if I were lost in the woods.  For one thing I would wander off the trail in the first place, eat raw fish, or be ale to stare down a bear!
B000002I2G|3.0|Everyone who is a rock music fan should own all of The Doors albums. However, this is the one to save for last because it is just not as good as their others!
B000005ITX|5.0|Forever Changes captures and delivers the attitude and vibe on a hot summer day in 1967. Also find the new issue of MOJO magazine for an interview with Arthur Lee in prison.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah is the best artist I have heard in a long time.  All her albums possess a greatness not found in many recordings today.  I have heard several live versions from the radio and the minute this album hits the  stores, I will be there!  I Will Remember You holds a very special meaning  in my life.  It is the song I gave to one of my closest friends when I  moved away for college.  It is also the song that brought me comfort and  faith when my grandfather passed away.  This is the impact of Sarah  McLachlan.  She finds the words we can't express.  Her music touches our  deepest emotions ~ those we keep locked up inside that we never dare reveal  to anyone.  Every concert of hers that I attend surpasses her studio  recordings in a way that I can't even imagine.  I never thought she could  sound any better ~ belive me, she does!!! Thank you Sarah, for sharing your  gift with the world.
B000005JA8|5.0|To those who knock Beefheart with that Deliverance jive, remember that Lennon, McCartney and Mingus respected Van Vliet enough that they paid to see him live in concert.
0060987464|5.0|This book was quite interesting. Anyone who thinks it 'glamourizes' drugs and his lifestyle has failed to read it. While he does talk about all sorts of perverted and unusual activities that he participated in, he doesn't  attempt to encourage others to do the same. He only encourages people to  think for themselves. <br />The book was very easy to read and keeps the  reader interested in what off the wall act Manson will engage in next. It  tells the story of a normal 'nerdy' child, who used rock and roll to give  himself a feeling a self worth. Don't be afraid to let your children read  it, just you read it first.
0688171664|5.0|If you have had experience with Typology and/or Myers-Briggs, read on...  <br />In Typology, one set of dichotomy is between Sensing and Intuitive.   People who prefer Sensing focus on what is real and actual.  They are  present oriented; trust experience and value practical appplications. They  observe and remember &quot;sense&quot; data and details.   People who  prefer Intuition focus on the abstract and theoretical.  They are future  focused, value their imagination over experience.  They see patterns and  meanings in facts and trust their insight.<br />  If you have a preference  towards Intuition, as outlined above, you will thoroughly enjoy this book.   If you have a preference towards Sensing, you will be wondering how anyone  could enjoy such drivel.   I have a preference towards Intuition.  This has  been the most thought provoking book I've ever read.<br />  My conculsion: the  majority of our senior business managers and politicans have a strong  preference towards Sensing.<br />  Another dichotomy in Typology revolves  around &quot;How you process data and make decisions&quot;.  Thinking and  Feeling are the spectrum ends.  If you've read this book the spectrum ends  would be called Classical and Romantic.  I've used this in presentations to  Accountants and have them think about Ebeneezer Scrooge--the most famous  accountant of all times.  He was Thinking/Classical based prior to the  visitation of the spirits and Feeling/Romantic after.<br />  Again for me a  great read--I've highlighted the chataquay(?) portions so I can go straight  to the meat next time.
B000002MZ9|5.0|Quick review: dark, heavy and delicious. Neil is a phenomenon and Young for ever.
0192834290|5.0|I love mystery fiction, but find a lot of it either predictable or tautly stretched for credibility.  The Woman in White kept me believeing, engaged, and suspense-driven throughout.  Modern detective fiction can be thin on  characterization and detail, so The Woman in White, with its rich eye for  atmosphere, nuance and the personality of its characters is a rare treat.   The ultimate summer read!!
6305066345|1.0|This movie was terrible. There are no strong women characters (I am a white male). Every female character is either playing the lead character for their own use (money) or they are selling their bodies to him. It is an  insult to all women and to African-American women especially. If a  Caucasian man had made this movie, he would be called racist and sexist,  why is okay for an African-American to make it?
0880381736|5.0|When I first read this, I was taking a road trip with my family, and was tortured nearly to death because I finished this first novel before we stopped at the nearest book store. It's that good. Don't believe me? Read  it yourself. If you've allready read it, read it again.
0375707972|2.0|As one reviewer stated, this is really 4 books.  I would give the first 3 1* and the last 3*.  Who couldn't figure out early that Hanna couldn't read?  Isn't it widely known that when an adolescent has sex with a mature  adult, that adolescent will eventually have severe psychological problems?  And, I found Hanna's desire to hide her problem at all costs to be  unbelievable.  And, for someone like Michael who let his life revolve  around his affair with Hanna, and then to not &quot;rescue&quot; her or  contact her in prison, well, it just didn't jell.  I just didn't care about  the book and I certainly didn't have any feeling for Michael.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Okay, this is a damned fine album.  I can't actually decide which Built to Spill is the best, but this is a great release.  The production is probably the best of all the albums, but sometimes it doesn't feel as innovative as  the others.  Don't get me wrong, I love it, but it doesn't have quite the  same feel as the rest of Doug's stuff.  This is not bad though.  I love  every song on this album.  The other albums are more like a rollercoaster.   Some songs are gems, while others are mediocre (that takes a lot for me to  say.  I've never said that anything Built to Spill released was anything  less than stellar, but I am trying to be objective here).  This album is  much more steady.  Perhaps this signifies Doug's growth as a musician?  Who  knows.  I recommend this album to everyone in the world!  Along with every  other Built to Spill album!
6305358613|5.0|Even Bette Davis, the 1939 &quot;Elizabeth&quot;,would praise Kate Blanchett's portrayal. I thought, until now, that Glenda Jackson (1971 BBC TV Series)WAS Elizabeth II and pictured her in my mind when thinking of the  &quot;Virgin Queen.&quot; Blanchett is now in my mind's eye as the  beautiful young Elizabeth... with the voice to match! The musical score and  supporting cast make this film one of the very special historical movies to  have.
0312954468|5.0|River God is a spectacular book. A real page turner. It is packed with information about Ancient Egypt while at the same time you are involved in a wonderful story. I found myself up until 2 in the morning reading because  I just couldn't put it down. It is all about an Ancient Egyptian slave  named Taita. You follow him through out all his adventures of  love and war  all while taking care of his mistress the lord's daughter, the lovely Lady  Lostris. He is with her always through her fall and triumph. He is her best  friend and confident. Taita proves himself to be a master of man kind,  genius, and a true hero. River God is and excellent book and has a great  sequel- The Seventh Scroll. Both books are excellent and I would recommed  reading the Seventh Scroll first, then River God. This is one book you just  can't miss! :-)
0767833058|5.0|This is a must see movie if you are even slightly inclined to enjoy great big western open spaces and unbeatable scenery.  Take time to really imerse yourself in the great landscapes of New Mexico as seen in this all time  classic movie.
B000003TA4|4.0|though overplayed, still its got some power. if i read one more ideology based critque about nirvana...smells like etc. will always be a great song. tori amos's remake is also great, at half speed. come as you are, polly,  something in the way, and others... achieve a mood.
B00000JCB3|5.0|bye the cd it is a mix of rap and the old limp bizkit.  it is worth bying it.
B000007S5B|5.0|dont buy the greatest hits doubledisc -- buy the albums -- if you must eat bread and beans for a year to  afford it buy the albums -- this is one of the best -- rich, relaxed, revolutionary even today
B000003TA4|5.0|This album was one that guaranteed that the 90's would not suck.  The four bands that shaped 90's rock are Nirvana,Dave Matthews Band, Pearl Jam, and Rage Against the Machine.  This album could easily be the best one of this  decade.  While Kurt is not the world's flashiest guitar player, he  developed his own style of sound and music, and influenced  God-knows-how-many bands today.  It was this album that defined 90's rock  &amp; roll.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This is a great disc. I don't like superlatives so I'll just say that IMO it's as powerful as the Joshua Tree and better as a whole  than Achtung Baby. if i lost all my cds i think i would by this one before i got around  to my other U2 albums.
0800135954|1.0|The cinematography is stunning.  The actors are all beautiful. And the music is not half bad.  But the story is so unbelievable, apparently written with the idea that the viewer will care for these characters if  enough tragedy befalls them.  I still am wondering why Julia Ormond was in  love with any of the brothers?  We were never given any indication that  they connected on a personal level.  From what I could gather, her love for  Brad Pitt was based solely on physical attraction and his ability to tame a  wild horse.  It didn't seem to bother her that she fell in love with  someone who could literally cut out the heart of his brother.  Nor were the  attractions of Aidan Quinn and Brad Pitt for Julia Ormand more clearly  developed.  Presumably, Aidan Quinn loved her because she was the only  woman around.  And Hopkins--why did he agree to such a melodramatic and  even embarrassing role?<br />This movie is long and boring and disappointing.  I have read novels by Jim Harrison, and watching this movie makes me wonder  how much creative license they took with his novella.  A lot, I hope, or my  faith in Mr. Harrison's writing abilities will be diminished.
068815333X|5.0|I was so glad to finally get my reserve copy of this from the library and find out that this author hasn't fallen into what has become a common plot device--having a long established relationship hit the skids--or the  grave--to keep a longer running series running even longer.  Despite their  problems, Angie and Patrick are better together than apart and with the  possible addition of a Bubba love interest [and isn't it great to see Bubba  become a man instead of a cartoon?], I think Mr. Lehane can keep this one  going for quite a while.  This has become one of those series that will be  read as much, or more, for the characters as the plot.  As a prodigious  mystery reader, I find that after a while the plots do tend to be  forgotten, but great characters keep the reader coming back eager for more.   Angie, Patrick, and Bubba are some of those characters!
0380713802|5.0|Bill Bryson is one of the best writers in the world.  He makes every experience a humorous one.  I recently traveled Europe and found it to be a tremendous help.  Bryson and I had almost all the same experiences and I  was able to take everything in with a light heart.  I love this book and  believe that everyone should read it.
B0000065O1|5.0|I've worked out to Cindy's Shape Your Body tape and was very pleased with the results, especially in my arms and abs. I purchased her Next Challenge tape as soon as it came out and I am even more pleased. It's a very good  workout from head to toe. The &quot;breaks&quot; are very nice also, they  seem to come just when I need them. The individual moves are fun and  relatively simple. When I don't have an entire hour to workout to her tape,  it's easy to remember my favorite moves and just pop in a CD and do it by  myself. Great tape!
6304145225|5.0|One of my favorite movies of all time.  However, I wish Paramount was more specific about its widescreen aspect ratio on the VHS version.  Its aspect ratio looked like 2.10:1 instead of its correct 2.35:1 ratio.  Also, in the  widescreen edition, notice that Ice's dog tag is cut in half during the  volleyball game scene while it's whole during the pan &amp; scan version.
B000002H38|5.0|In recent years I have become more of a jazz fan -- mainly 50s and 60s -- because I find much of contemporary r&amp;b too commercial and completely devoid of any artistic merit.  ANITA BAKER is a striking exception to this  trend.  This album is truly amazing.<br />Although I am a musician, anyone can  appreciate the beauty of Baker's interpretation, phrasing, and the quality  of her voice.  THIS IS A MUST FOR ANY COLLECTOR OF MUSIC!!!!<br />When this  album first came out, I was 17 years old; today, nearly 13 years later, it  still ranks among my most favorite arrangements, proving that Ms. Baker is  a star of lasting appeal (i.e., she is not a too-bit, semi-talented singer  like those commonly produced today).<br />To Baker: please produce another  album, and PLEASE do not sell out like Whitney has; the teenie bopper crowd  that wants a synthesizer beat with corny and tired lyrics about cheating  men, sex, money, &quot;Miami&quot; (ala Will Smith), etc., should not  dictate the direction of quality artists like yourself!!!
B00000IPHA|5.0|I love this movie. This is one of my favorite movies. I love Robert Redford, Paul Newman and Katherine Ross. And I love the song &quot;raindrops keep fallin' on my head!&quot;. You have to watch this  movie. The last scene is very touching. I really recommend to watch it. I'm  sure you'll enjoy it.
0790734532|2.0|Quite possibly the worst film Clint Eastwood has ever made (and I'm even counting &quot;Revenge of the Creature&quot;), &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot;  still has at least one thing to recommend it:  the star himself.  Eastwood  is quite funny at times in this otherwise dumb comedy, and his performance  represents a stretch from his usually laconic manner.  Not a must see by  any means, but worth a look for Eastwood fans with nothing much else to do.
0312853238|5.0|I have been reading science-fiction and fantasy novels for close to twenty years. I keep going back to read this book, nothing else I have ever read even comes close.
078322608X|5.0|I just recently bought the movie on DVD (special edition) and I can't stop watching it.  The opening screen of the movie is a quote from a &quot;mental divergent&quot; in a Philadelphia mental institution warning  of a deadly virus that will kill over 5,000,000,000 people in the future.   This perfectly sets the stage for the two connotations of this movie: is  this just another mad man roaming the streets preaching of the end of the  world, or is this a truely a time travler that came from the future to save  humanity?  Buy this DVD, and you decide.
B00000DQSZ|5.0|Euromatic Synth-Pop at its pinnacle, Trans-Europe could blow even the most jaded music fan out of the water with its utterly scintillating mix of flowing synth and jarring grinds.  As with most of the Kraft's work,  Trans-Europe is a take on man's relationship with technology, and though  ambivalent, the Kraft passionately conveys technology's pervasiveness and  invasiveness. The title track and its companion &quot;Metal on Metal&quot;  are definitely the best of the collection; the Kraft really conveys the  sense of what IS &quot;train&quot;: the isolation of its passengers, the  steady rhythm of its progress, the triumph of machine over terrain as it  charges across the landscape.<br />&quot;Showroom Dummies&quot; is part  amusing piece and part Marxian expression of anger at the box that society  has put us in. &quot;The Hall of Mirrors&quot; is a heartfelt observation  of the self-disdain that fame can lead to.  &quot;Europe Endless&quot; is a  typical Kraft melodic piece majestically interpreting the pace and attitude  of European life.<br />All in all, this is one groovin' album.  Better buy it  before it sells out!
6304817037|5.0|What an incredible concert! I made it to his live concert (the Pilgrim tour) in Europe in Nov'98. I also have every concert VHS on EC ever made. It continues to amaze me that he can play such variations of all his songs.  He never seems to play a song the same way twice. The quality of this tape  is surprisingly good - someone should put this on DVD. Not a single song  dissappoints. He is surely like the best of wines - gets better with age!
0679805273|5.0|I gave this book to a friend when he graduated. Recently, he told me whenever he is stressed in college or is down, he reads this book and realizes how much potential he has.  This book is very uplifting and a MUST  for graduates of all ages!
B000002WYT|5.0|What an incredible CD--something for everyone
630420065X|5.0|This is a great movie!  It has a confusing plot, I've watched it about 5 times and there are still some parts that I don't get.  But, it's still a cool movie and it's cool how Jim Phelps dies!
B00000253N|5.0|I heard this album on my way home from buying it  and I thought ok this is pretty damn good. Then I got home and played it again. and again and again and again. I couldn't stop myself. I have owned this for maybe a week and  have learned to love everything about it. I can't stop playing it. my only  regret is that theres only 10 great songs on it I wish it never ended. I  can see myself listening to this till I die I love it. so yes buy it. BUY  IT. you won't regret it.
B000005ITX|5.0|Here is one important piece of advice for anyone browsing through reviews on Amazon.com:  Do NOT listen to ANYTHING Andy Gill has to say.  (See the &quot;What The Critics Say&quot; section above for his review.)  The guy is  just plain WRONG ABOUT EVERYTHING.<br />That said, get this album.  It's a  timeless classic.  End of story.
B00000J7JO|5.0|John Frusciante has brought back the funk that lacked on &quot;One Hot Minute&quot;...This CD is a masterpiece!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|I think Jennifer was a good actress in many of her movies especially Out of Sight however her music isnt &quot;all that&quot;.. I havent seen her act on the lettermen show like many of others have but I could just  imagine...it seems like her ego has skyrocketed and that she prefers to  talk about others and then when she gets heat for it she retracts...the two  songs i have heard &quot;No Me Ames&quot; and &quot;If U Had My Love&quot;  are  pretty good but the reason they are good isnt necessarily because of  her musical talents.
0783233477|5.0|I loved these movie couse it was every thing i like in a movie. romans, intertament, and up to date ways and i hope that you can love these movie to. And the Actor was great and thay did a great job.
B000002TPS|1.0|WELL, I GUESS THIS WAS MEGADETH'S ATTEMPT TO CHANGE THEIR SOUND FOR THE 90'S.  IT TURNED OUT BEING ABOUT AS GOOD AS METALLICA'S ATTEMPT.  THE OLD SCHOOL MEGADETH FANS WILL NOT LIKE THIS ALBUM BECAUSE WE KNOW WHAT THEY CAN  PRODUCE.  SOMEONE WAS RIGHT ON IN SAYING THAT IF YOU LIKE THE NEW METALLICA  SOUND, YOU VERY WELL MAY LIKE THIS.  CALL ME CONSERVATIVE, BUT I HATE TO  SEE TALENT AT WASTE.
B000000OF6|4.0|I own an original greatest hits and a cassette version of classic queen. When I went to update with this excellent version of the two albums on cd I realized that &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; was missing. I love that  song.
0780622553|5.0|Just this weekend I purchased a DVD player and &quot;Dark City&quot; is the first movie I bought for it. I sheepishly admit that the reason I purchased it was because I had heard it was similar to &quot;The  Matrix&quot;. This is true in a manner of speaking. The general idea is  similar to that of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, but the details of the plot are  very different. The story was compelling and did invoke a lot of thought,  which pleased me. The movie was more of a hard core sci fi movie, less  action. The action that was included was quality action though. I think  anyone who is a sci fi fan will enjoy this disc.
0767833058|5.0|I have loved this film ever since I first saw it on cable, years ago. But I had never really seen it until the DVD arrived a few days ago.  If you have ever seen this film on TV or on video you are in for a shock. The  digital remaster is absolutely beyond compare. The soundtrack remaster is  astounding. And the &quot;Making of&quot; feature is wonderful. I highly  recommend it to anyone who loves Westerns, great stories or any of the  almost 20 (now big time) stars that appear in it. It  is the best.
6301773551|5.0|Star Wars : A New Hope is a great movie with great  acting,great special effects,great directing,great music, great cinematography,and a great galaxy far far away........... The movies acting is out stanting.If you  like movies you will like STAR WARS.
B000002H33|5.0|THIS BEING THE MIDDLE ALBUM OF THE REAL METALLICA THAT DEFINED HEAVY METAL.  THEY HAVE STEPPED UP THE TEMPO AS WELL AS THE STRUCTURE OF THEIR MUSIC.  THEIR SONGS HAVE ADVANCED GREATLY SINCE THEIR LAST ALBUM, AND WILL  ADVANCE FOR ONE MORE ALBUM.  THEY ARE STILL NOT AT THEIR PEAK WITH THIS  ALBUM, BUT SONGS LIKE ORION AND MASTER OF PUPPETS ARE DEFINITELY  MASTERPEICES THAT EVERY METAL/ROCK FAN WILL ALWAYS GO BACK TO.  THIS IS ONE  OF THOSE ALBUMS THAT YOU BUY AND LISTEN TO IT UNTIL YOUR OLD.  EVERY TIME  IT PLAYS IT IS ALWAYS JUST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST TIME HEARING IT.  CLIFF  BURTON'S LAST MASTERPEICE HAS HIM GOING OUT ON TOP.  IF YOU WANT AN ALBUM  THAT DEFINES THE HISTORY OF ROCK, THIS IS ONE OF THEM TO HAVE.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rap meets hard rock with angry political lyrics.  Intelligent but still vibrant and beautiful.  BUT THIS CD NOW!!!
0451169514|5.0|This was the most well written book i have read.  It sucks you right into the lives of 7 people and you fall in love with all the kids.  I have to say though, that to have Beverly at the age of 11, having graphic  intercourse with all the boys was disgusting and really a let down on the  book.  I dont understand why SK would go that way on such a masterpiece.  I  dont feel this book is good for kids or young teens due to that part and  the graphic violence.  <br />This book does make you feel everything they go  through and if you get involved in a book as much as i do you'll be sobbing  through the last 15 pages like me.<br />By the way, I didnt find this book  scary at all.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I loved it...breathtaking visual images and a story of what the ultimate love means to you. This is a movie to enlighten you. Its premise is dark so dont expect robin williams comedy.....
0380973464|5.0|One of the best blurbs I've ever seen was on the back of Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.<br />&quot;A Hypnotist's Crystal&quot;, it said &quot;sparkling with diamonds&quot; -- Cryptonomicon is more like a stage  magician's suitcase, a big messy dusty trunk full of rabbits, hats and  handkerchieves; boxes with false bottoms and cabinets from which things  might be made to disappear -- and just as if you had access to a magicians  props, it also promises a chance to figure out how it's done.<br />Crypto, in  case you don't know, derives from the Greek word for hidden or secret, and  this book is all about secrets and codes. It's also a ripping good  adventure yarn, the story of the invention of the computer, a love story, a  book about how we won the war, and as if that weren't enough, partakes of  that airport-paperback classic theme, the Hunt for Nazi Gold... The book is  not only about codes, it contains its own fully-working code system and an  appendix by the author of Applied Cryptography. If I tell you that in the  queue to read this book as soon as I'd finished were an internet-based  science writer and a  hacker, perhaps that'll give you an idea...Some  people may find it too much of a boy's own story, or make the quite valid  complaint that the women characters in it are there only as objects of  lust, adoration, or frank bewilderment, but Stevenson even covers himself  there, letting us know early on that in a book about hackers, their  ignorance of basic social skills, let alone the female psyche, is going to  be stressed.<br />I got halfway through a first draft of this review before I  realised that I hadn't said anything about the book having a plot -- and it  does, believe me, in fact it has at a rough guess, six major plots and  about twenty minor ones. It takes in parallel threads fifty-odd years  apart.<br />In the present, people trying to redefine the boundaries of the  world by creating an online nation-state with not only its own laws, but  its own virtual currency. In the past, other people are engaged in a  similar but more physical struggle, the second world war. The action moves  between Seattle, San Francisco, LA, Manila, New Guinea, Tokyo, Cambridge,  Princeton, The Outer Hebrides, Shanghai and a mythical Pacific Sultanate  called Kinakuta. The cast of characters is huge and cleverly interwoven, as  the characters in the 1940s gradually reveal themselves to be the parents,  grandparents or other distant relatives of the characters in the 1990s.  There are cameo roles and walk-ons by historical figures who range from  obscure scientists to the Generals who fought the war. Stevenson's range of  influence is also broad, taking in a nod to Thomas Pynchon, a hint of  Martin Amis, a tip of the hat to Evelyn Waugh, and an cheery obsession with  games and tricks and jokes that can't help but remind you of another  uniquely qualified mathematician and fantasist Lewis Carroll.<br />Stevenson  has attempted a rescue mission with this book -- to take Geek History out  of obscurity. There were two technologies produced in the crucible of World  War Two which have domniated the world since: nuclear fission and the  digital computer. The story of the promethean invention of the bomb has  been told and retold as everything from romance to thriller, and its key  figures like Robert Oppenheimer are practically household names. The same  isn't true of the invention of the first digital computers, whose job was  to crack the enemy code. Stevenson doesn't exactly make geeks sexy in this  book, but he does manage to show the incredibly powerful forces which are  controlled by the people who control the flow of information, and the way  that the same concerns which drove science and computing in the 1940s are  still powerful engines of change today.<br />Stevenson's career has taken much  the same path as that of another brilliant writer, William Gibson. When he  started out, he worked in the deep oceans of thedistant future, places  where the map may simply be marked Terra Incognita, or Here Be Monsters --  nowadays, on the other hand, he's working in the choppier, faster-moving  waters of the very near future, the place we're all living, where the  implausible becomes the merely impressive and the impressive becomes the  ordinary at an ever-increasing rate.<br />In a world where a uni dropout can  become richer than a nation in twenty years, a world where Europe adopts a  new currency without feeling it necessary to actually print the banknotes,  where the Stock Exchanges of the world's most powerful nations are being  played like slot machines by a million internet gamblers, Neal Stevenson's  work doesn't seem very outlandish at all.<br />The definition of a cult book  is one which not everyone could like, but some people will like immensely,  and I'm quite aware that this is a book that not everyone could love -- but  I have no hesitation, despite the fact that it's only June, in awarding  this my personal Book Of The Year.
0394810112|5.0|I remember my 4th grade teacher reading this book to us.  (Something that nobody does for you anymore when your'e 10).  I loved just being able to relax and hear a good kids' fantasy!   Recently I bought this book for my  son. He loved the story (and the time we spent at  bedtime).  I then loaned &quot;Charlie&quot; to my stepson.  He  read it himself AND THEN read it to his younger sister.  What great  memories this book has created for so many in my family!  A classic is a  classic.  And all we have to do is share it with a child to experience it  again and again!  Don't miss this chance!  You never know, in another 30  years, your kids may not only remember this as one of the best times of  their lives, but may read about &quot;charlie &amp; willie&quot; to your  grandkids.  And whether you'll be their or not, you'll be remembered over  and over again.
B00000IQMT|5.0|When I first heard the soundtrack and saw it in a store i knew it was just as good as they are normal to star wars mowies.<br />their are some tracks that has some of the elements that are on the other soundtracks. But all  the new versions and themes are superb to, and it is just as good as they  normal are. If the movie is just as good as they normal are, then it will  be a pleasure to see it when it is avalibe in Denmark.<br />There is no doubt  that it is worth bying on vhs, because it will never get boring to watch  it.
B000002J1O|5.0|When I discovered this album (vinyl edition), I was ten. Today, I'm 25 years old, but I still listen to it. Peter Gabriel and Steve Hacket are in their best here; till Phill Collins is superb. But, when I hear 80's  Genesis, I don't believe in what they have become. A giant of the best  progressive rock turned into an inspid pop group. Stay with this album (the  best of them, I think) and forget Phill Collins singing and leading the  group.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have alway been a huge fan of Santana. They have always been great. In looking over the tracks and the various artists included, this can't help but be a fantastic CD. I really can't wait for it.
6305076626|5.0|It is impossbile to comment of the success and watchability of this esnationally great movie.Never have I seen a movie so many times, never have I enjoyed watching the same movie over and over again.From the moment  we see the bright red lips of Patricia Quinn enter our screens, we are  hooked on what is perhaps the most greatest cult success of the modern  world. Once Brad and Janet enter the crazy world of Frank and his gang of  Transylvanians, there is no stopping your imagination and craving for more.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes music, comedy (not that I find  anything in this film funny!), sex (admit it!) and a good show that never  bores you - ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW is the film for you. If you haven't  seen it, you haven't lived. A DIFFERENT SET OF JAWS - RATED R!
B00000JCB2|5.0|I just heard Nookie. This one song alone makes their first cd seem like a garage warm up. I AM GOING TO WAIT IN LINE TO BUY THIS ONE!
B000005ITX|5.0|I love the Elevators, Moby Grape, Byrds, Doors, but the best american record of the sixties, in my opinion, is this. Arthur Lee is a genius, and the musicians are excellent. The tunes are very well-structured, fantastic,  it's always a pleasure listen to them again. Check out &quot;The Red  Telephone&quot;, &quot;Live and Let Live&quot; and &quot;You Set the  Scene&quot;.
B000000QG8|5.0|Just stop playing around with your computer and got get this CD.  Great performance by a gifted blues player.  Why America has missed the amazing talent of Rory Gallagher is something I'kk never understand.  We miss you,  Rory.
B000002VTE|5.0|This album, coupled with Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot;, resettled the progressive rock in the music scene. The album (or the tablet, how the group says in the leaflet) addicts: all information and advises inserted in  the leaflet are absolutely true!
B000006OS2|2.0|A very good slapstick western for John Wayne fans.  Moves quickly with lots of action.  Unfortunately, this DVD is as poor in quality as the Good Times VHS version.  It is not the Wayne estate authorized version - which  is much better.
B000002UW1|5.0|This record is the best of REM's career. It's here the best music of them, the classic &quot;It's the end of the world as we know it... and I feel fine&quot;. Others excellent songs are &quot;Finest Worksong&quot;,  &quot;Fireplace&quot; and &quot;King of Birds&quot;. It's a lesson for  brainless punks rockers that is possible to be intelligent and furious at  the same time.
6305364648|5.0|This is, IMO, the best Arnold film ever.  It is non stop action and excitement from the beginning.  Adventure, romance, suspense, comedy - it's got it all!  Okay, now to the DVD review.  The transfer is one of the best  I've seen, the sound is superb in Dolby Digital 5.1, this is a THX enhanced  video and audio DVD.  The downfall, DVD features are extrememly lacking,  how about behind the scenes footage, or director/actor commentary; maybe a  SE version in the future?  But if you want a great DVD for pure enjoyment  and you like Arny, this is it!  The transfer from layers is done at a dark  spot which is nice, some DVD's do it in the middle of a scene making for a  more disturbing transition as the audio and video pause for a couple  seconds...  The main menu is pretty nice though, but the features are  seriously lacking.  You must also go in and set up the dolby 5.1 channel as  it will automatically go into 2 channel.
B000002UA5|5.0|Although David Gilmour doesn't like it, it's just his best album in the group. The live set is sublime: &quot;Astronomy Domin&quot; and &quot;Careful with that axe, Eugene&quot; easily surpass the original versions. The studio set shows inventive experimentation; the highlights are the bucolic &quot;Grantchester Meadows&quot; and the fantastic &quot;Narrow Way&quot;. I prefer this album than &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; (very good too, but pretty polished).
0800177363|5.0|&quot;Awakenings&quot; with Robin Williams provides extraordinary insights into the brain chemicals (neurotransmitters) which govern such concepts as paying attention, waking up, falling asleep, human movement, memory and  other areas.  The movie, based on the book by Oliver W. Sacks, M.D., is in  the same category as A Remarkable Medicine Has Been Overlooked (Dilantin)  by Jack Dreyfus and How To Cure Hyperactivity (aka ADD - Attention Deficit  Disorder)(Journey to Understanding)(FDA approved caffeine compound which  reduced distractibility and increased attention span) by Dr. Anita Uhl  Brothers, M.D., and C. Thomas Wild.  The movie &quot;Awakenings&quot;  displays how these improvements are directly related to how long the  medicine works effectively which is often far shorter than is hoped for or  expected yet these observations match those of others, that is, many  improvements are too often only temporary but quite real suggesting the  need for more research to eventually overcome these enormous challenges.
B0000033P0|5.0|Although I wasn't born when this record was released, I know that Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer is the best symbol of the sound from this era. Dare, arrogant, exaggerated, but undeniable excellent. They made an important  revolution in the rock scene: they proved that rock'n'roll and classic  music could and should be blended.
B000002H6C|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS THE TOP METAL/ROCK ALBUM OF ITS TIME.  THE LAST RECORD BEFORE METALLICA STARTED GOING BACKWARDS.  IT MAKES ME SAD TO SEE NOWADAYS THE WASTED TALENT OF THE MEMBERS IN THAT GROUP, BECAUSE I KNOW WHAT THEY  ARE CAPABLE OF.  JUSTICE FOR ALL HAD THE PERFECT LYRICS, AND THE PERFECT  SOUND.  IT WAS WHAT SOCIETY WAS AND IS LIKE IN THE EYES OF MOST PEOPLE.   THIS RECORD TAKES YOU ON AN ADVENTURE THROUGH THE WORLD OF REALITY, NEVER  LETTING YOU ESCAPE UNTIL IT IS OVER.  THE SONGS 'JUSTICE' AND 'ONE' ARE  TRULY SONGS THAT DEFINE THIS DAY AND AGE.  THIS ALBUM WILL ONLY GET MORE  POPULAR WITH TIME, AS THOSE DISCOVER HOW GOOD IT REALLY WAS.  FORGET JETHRO  TULL, METALLICA WAS EASILY THE BEST METAL BAND THAT YEAR.  IF YOU BUY ONE  METAL ALBUM IN YOUR LIFE, BUY 'REIGN IN BLOOD' BY SLAYER, IF YOU BUY TWO,  GET 'JUSTICE FOR ALL'.  THIS IS WHAT I GREW UP ON PLAYING THE GUITAR, AND  IT IS LONG WAY DOWN NOW.  EVERY TIME YOU HEAR THIS ALBUM, IT WILL ONLY GET  BETTER.
B0000027F8|4.0|This album is one of the oldest in my collection.  Alas, I'm twenty years old and my taste has evolved since I was eleven.  But Listen Without Prejudice is a keeper.
B000007RV5|5.0|Faith, Stuck, and Pollution are Da Bomb! I can't wait till Signifigant Other comes out!
0790736233|5.0|This movie has helped me define humanity, my own values, and it has widened my perception of reality. The movie makes you think, and I am sure that is why some people don't like it. If you don't want an intelligent  film, don't watch it. If you want to widen your perspective of human life,  rent it and watch it.
B00000IQMT|3.0|I've always had mixed reactions to John Williams. While he undoubtedly a master of the leitmotif, so much of his scoring which doesn't use character themes tends to be undefined and undisticitive. Another critisicm I have  for the man is that so many of his scores tend to sound the same.  However,  much of his recent work (ie &quot;Schindler's List&quot; and &quot;Saving  Private Ryan&quot;) have been remarkably mature and subtle, especially when  compared to something like &quot;ET&quot;. But Star Wars made him famous,  and for good reason. The score for &quot;Empire&quot; was so brilliant in  following the story visually that I usually don't watch my video of the  film any more, I just pop on the CD and visualise the film playing in my  head. Sadly, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; does not quite live up the  genius of the earlier scores. Don't get me wrong, some of the music is  chillingly brilliant, but too much of it isn't. Stylisticaly, the  instrumentation and coloration of the score sounds WAY too much like  &quot;Hook&quot; for my tastes, even to the way wordless choire tones are  put in over some of the orchestra (&quot;The Flag Parade&quot; is  especially guilty of this) . Earler SW scores usually contained 4-5  different character themes; this film only has two, &quot;Anakin's  theme&quot; and &quot;Dual of the Fates&quot;. The latter is emotionally  stirring, but repetative and prolonged. Anakin's theme is perhaps the most  mature writing of the score. On the surface it is complacent and sacrine,  but the way Williams weaves in Vader's theme, sometimes inverting chord   progressions and reversing the theme itself (listen carefully to &quot;He  is the Chosen One&quot;), is the most muscially brillaint part of the  score.  I first thought &quot;Augie's Municipal Band&quot; was the worst  part, but I have since reversed that view: it is fun, clean, and quite  hummable. However, the best parts of the score are when Williams brings  back themes fromt he original trilogy, such as sound cues for a Jedi  funeral or Yoda's theme, or the Emperor's theme. Hopefully, as this new  trilogy progresses, we will see Anakin's theme progress more and more into  Vader's, more individual themes, and less amorphousness in relation to the  onscreen action. I still recommend  buying this soundtrack, but with the  knowledge that, like the movie itself, it's a bit on the simple side.
B00000JBEI|5.0|I first heard this recording around 1990.  This was the first time patti's voice was so prevalent.I was throughly convinced that her singing enhanced his music.  I ejoyed this tape immensly. To this day, I  still enjoy  it.  It's only 4 songs but worth every penny. Through this cd, I am not  only a Springsteen fan, but equally a Scialfa fan
B0000004UB|5.0|This album contains a good variety of music. The style is all Samantha's. I would recomend this album to anyone. Especially if you like dance music.
B0000028SR|5.0|who is his heart breaking over in &quot;I wish I was blind&quot;?  I haven't heard him play such a mean guitar in a long time.
B000005IU1|5.0|The debut by the Stooges unleashed a madman named Jim Osterberg on the music world.  He made onstage pain and blatant exhibitionism a part of rock. This album is brilliant for one main reason: it was a punk rock album  in the era of peace &amp; love.  &quot;I Wanna Be Your Dog&quot; and  &quot;No Fun&quot; are garage punk classics and make this album worthwhile.   I suggest this album to anyone who wants to be a guitar player or singer  (not a musician or vocalist) as its simplicity leads to a quick pickup of  the songs.  Also, if you're in to this 60s-70s punk stuff, you should  definitely read &quot;Please Kill Me&quot; by Legs McNeil.  It details the  exploits of all the groundbreaking bands of this era.
630529142X|4.0|If you want cheap laughs, The Waterboy delivers. If you want classic though provoking cinema, get The Battleship Potemkin.
B000002AP1|5.0|Thank God for technology and Iggy Pop's remix.  I always loved Raw Power, but as a sound technician, always found it extremely annoying as well.  The original mix was just awful (done by Bowie I believe).  The vocals were way  out front and the rythm section was barely audible.  Pop's remix allows Raw  Power to truly have more power by bringing up the levels on the instruments  and toning down the vocals a bit. &quot;Search &amp; Destroy&quot; and  &quot;I Need Somebody&quot; are but 2 examples of the Stooges acidic  lullabies that changed music forever.
6305075379|5.0|IF WHAT YOU SAID KENNETH MARBURY IS TRUE, EVERYONE GET TOGETHER AND TRY TO GET THIS DIRECTOR'S CUT WITH THE ORIGINAL ACCENT AND THE CUT SCENES.
0812550706|5.0|I normally don't read science fiction, but after this book was given to me as a graduation present I decided to give it a try.  Simply amazing!  The whole concept behind it was fresh, exciting, and original.  When counting  the plot and character development alone, I would give it four stars  already.  But it goes so much further than that!  Card's deep understanding  of psychology, emotion,and human nature launch place the book in a class  few science fiction novels share.  You must read this book!
B000002KIE|1.0|I guess I will never understand the accolades given to Johnny Rotten and company.  Then again, I have never accepted &quot;punk&quot; as a form of music because it takes NO TALENT WHATSOEVER to play a generic pair/trio of  chords.  Just learn to play guitar for a few months and you'll be able to  &quot;play&quot; this garbage effortlessly.<br />If you want to learn the true  definition of garbage in music, all you need is one listen. Then again, I  have never been able to endure five minutes in one sitting.  I guess I  prefer music with melody, passion, taste, lyricism and a given level of  musicianship. You won't find any of the above here!
B0000029J5|5.0|I've just discovered Keb', quite by accident.  I was perusing a music magazine, so his CD, Slow Down, and ordered it.  Haven't been as fortunate as that earlier reviewer who saw him in concert with Bonnie Raitt, I envy  you!, but I'm still lucky 'cuz now I own two Keb' Mo' CDs and I'm getting  ready to acquire the third.  I'm a fan, what can I say?, except...'he's the  man!'
0375707972|5.0|I would put this on a ten-best list. Well written with an interesting if unremarkable story on the surface, but beneath the lines, provocative moral questions just itching for discussion... formost in my mind:  Can one  generation really judge another?????
6300181340|5.0|Even though many US critics didn't know what to do with it, many European film directors (suchas Federico Fellini) considered THE BIRDS to be Hitchcock's masterpiece at the time it was released. Time has certainly  proven that is one of his most extraordinary films.<br />While it's easy to  enjoy this on the most basic of levels as a pure thriller, you can also see  THE BIRDS as a complex study of the responsibilities humans have for one  another, and how they have to learn to suffer. The subtle relationships  between the lawyer Mitch Brenner and the women in his life is put to a test  when the wealthy heiress Melanie Daniels comes to his coastal  village--bringing with her (unwittingly) the onslaught of the birds. The  performances of the three lead actresses--Tandy, Pleshette, and  particularly Hedren (in her first film!)--as the three brittle figures  vying for Mitch's attention are absolutely superlative. The jungle gym  sequence is a classic, as is the great scene where Tandy goes to visit her  farmer friend. Not to be missed.
B000003RCY|1.0|I thought the songs on this album were horrible compared to Suchsect
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane... It's simple It's what movies can rarely acheive, (perfection}. There just is nothing like it. watching it is like seeing a work of art unfold before your eyes. Brillant on all levels.Orson welles  set a new standard in film that wouldn't be realized for years to come.For  all you young film lovers who watch film today and are so easily impressed  sit in a dark room and watch this film, you will understand!!!!!!
B000002C2E|4.0|Pop in this CD, skip ahead to track 3 (Standing in the Doorway), and wait for the haunting melody to make you shudder with pleasure and memories of Dylan from days gone by!  A wonderful blend of moaning ballads, dark  laments, and coyote-like catchphrases.
068484267X|5.0|I laughed and cried at the same time, and after reading the last word I turned over to the first page and started reading all over again.
B000000OUJ|5.0|by far the most lyrically skilled member of the wu...this album should break the 5-star mold, cuz i give the gza 6 stars...i eagerly await &quot;beneath the surface&quot;...
0385484518|5.0|Many books will teach you how to live. Very few books teach you how to die. This book is one of them. Being mortals I think it is a must read for every human being.
B000001F2E|5.0|For anyone who was in high school in the early 80's, Moving Pictures was the anthem.  I remember going to the Moving Pictures concert in 81.  John Butcher Axis (does anyone remember him) opened and he was so loud that my  ears nearly bled (we were on the sixth row).  Luckily, I had a little  hearing left by the time Rush came on.  This album defined how good rock  music could actually be at the time.  This album was the breakthrough album  for Rush in the pre-MTV days.  If Permanent Waves was the transitional  album, Moving Pictures defined the next generation of Rush.  It may not  even be there best album, but for what it was, when it was, nothing  compared to it.  I still believe Limelight contains one of the greatest  guitar solos ever recorded.  Lifeson's use of compression on this solo was  spectacular.  I could hear this solo a million times and never get tired of  it.  The music on this album is so fluid and well produced.  I though they  could never top it, but they did.<br />Ya gotta have this one.
0783229887|3.0|I LIKED BRIDE OF CHUCKY BUT IT HAD SOME FLAWS AND IT WAS KINDA STUPID IN SOME PARTS . I LIKED CHUCKY AND EVERYBODY ELSE. THIS MOVIE IS FUNNY.
0887306667|5.0|I found this book the best ever written on marketing ground rules. It's the absolute marketing bible for everyone to read and a straight read from start to finish. I would Highly recommend this book to anyone interested in  learning to improve and test their marketing skills.
0767819594|3.0|Cruel Intensions is a remake from Dangerous Lisions. This movie was a unusal but funny,dramtized movie. There was some bad acting that I won't mention, but the movie was a pretty good remake. So all in all it's worth  the trip.
B000002LAC|5.0|I am going to purchase the CD right now!  I literally wore the audiotape out.  I cannot possibly wait for the CD to arrive.  If you enjoy pure, clean harmonies, you deserve this CD!
B00000IBRX|5.0|THis is my all-time favorite film of the year. It has good special effects, and the story you will fall in love with . This is Robin Williams best. Everybody go see the best movie of the year. A+
0790729725|5.0|ok i really,really liked this movie. but the dvd was ok but not great. nothing speical about it. first off it was a 2 sided disc which means i have to get off my butt an change it. i'm lazy but i dont care i hate  that.at least i'm honest right? but ok then there's that plus the sound  is'nt the best. the narration an music is way louder then the normal action  an talking on the film. mabe it's just my speakers but i think not cuz the  other dvd movies dont do that. but the movie is great!! but sould make this  DVD better!
1573226521|4.0|Not what I was expecting at all, I was expecting a Rough Guide, hippy trail, travellers story but throughly enjoyed what Mr Garland produced....a riveting hippy turned horror story.  I haven't read a book this quickly for  ages.  I'm just sorry that I didn't read it sooner.  I wonder what the  Trainspotting Team will do to this?  I just can't see Leonardo in the main  part.
6305177473|4.0|Okay all you lovers of the first Parent trap film, LIGHTEN UP!  I'm 40 years old and remember it well.  Enjoy it for what it was but don't short change this remake.  Technical improvements and a better cast make this  film superior than the original.  Throw in the wacky nanny and butler and  you have a real classic.  So seldom do remakes do the original film  justice; this is one that does.  And is there a more beautiful gal than Ms.  Richardson? I think not.  So, you macho guys out there, rent this movie for  you and your favorite girl to watch.  She will finally think that you might  have at least one romantic bone in your body! ;^)
0790739909|1.0|This is one of those highly forgettable movies that two days after you've seen it, you can't recall much, if anything, about it. Basically, it's about some dreary, gloomy, joyless heavenly angels that live in a library,  (it gets worse).This movie lost ALL credibility for me in an early scene  when one of the angels (Cage) reveals himself to a doctor (Ryan) who  doesn't know he's an angel.  He then asks her what food tastes like.  Without batting an eyelash, she answers him like this is an everyday normal  question. I think he also asks her what an orange tastes like...like I  said, it's hard to remember. I can not recall anything from that scene on,  not even how it ends. The script in this movie is pitiful and Cage and Ryan  are moronic throughout.
6303477259|5.0|theres not much to say except that the concert is excellent, it's length is incredible, the laser effects were cool, the music sounded great. the whole concert kicked ass!!!
0141301104|5.0|It was funny, and I couldn't put it down. You wouln't expect the ending. I recommend it for all ages!!!! :)
B000002C1X|5.0|when i first got this album, i didn't know what to make of it. i really only liked one song on it which was &quot;in the flesh&quot;, the first version. i heard it off the radio five years ago, and i was so compelled by  it's operatic musical style, and it's craziness. roger waters delivers  &quot;mad warden&quot; type vocals in an almost cartoonish, and outer space  type of way. the song also has a crazed ending, not to mention that a song  like that ended so fast,i thought it was some sought of joke. songs like  &quot;mother&quot;, &quot;young lust&quot;, &quot;hey you&quot;,and  &quot;run like hell&quot;, also grabbed my attention. but other than that,  i thought the album was a complete waste of money and attention. this was  after listening to it for the first two or three months of owning it. but  now, six months has gone by since i purchased it, and i love it more than  ever. i find myself listening to it more than ever. this album has the most  interesting artwork, lyrics, and not to mention the storyline itself which  is about a rock star gone insane. i personally don't understand the whole  story profoundly, but i love the music. much is said about how most of the  songs on this album can be boring and depressing, but in my opinion, there  are only two songs that can really drive someone crazy, those two songs  are: &quot;the thin ice&quot;, and &quot;don't leave me now&quot;, their  both extremely slow, and 'down in the dumps', but now i like the both of  them. i now like every single song on this album. the wall should be looked  at as one extended piece of work rather than an album with different types  of songs. it's also best to listen to this album on a decent stereo system  with headphones. i really love this album, and if you're new to pink floyd  or into crazed, insane,compelling, mind warping musical experiences, give  this one a try.<br />P.S.<br />turn it up really loud, <br />and a word to the wise,  you might have to listen to this quite a few times to get into  it.<br />ENJOY!!!
B000002UC5|5.0|When I first heard this album, I thought it was junk (forgive the pun).  But the more I listened to it and Paul's other solo material, I realized that it is in a way similar to John Lennon's superior &quot;Plastic Ono  Band&quot; album.  &quot;McCartney&quot; is Paul's most honest recording.   It shows his confusion about &quot;not being a Beatle anymore,&quot; and it  shows how in love he was with Linda McCartney.  All the songs are about  love or questioning his own musical faculties as a solo artist, through the  guise of catchy DIY music (he plays all the instruments on this one!).  The  best example is his best solo song, &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed.&quot;  Many of  the instrumentals are catchy as hell, and thankfully Paul didn't put some  bad lyrics over them.  &quot;Junk&quot; is perfect, and even the 20-second  intro &quot;Lovely Linda&quot; sticks in yr craw.  It takes multiple  listens to understand this record, but it is worth it.  It is &quot;Plastic  Ono Band Light.&quot;
0060977493|5.0|Read this book but read it twice.  I finished the book and immediately started it over again. This is a story told on several levels.  There are many hints and references to the denouement throughout the book that you  miss the first time through.  This book is worth the work.  I would almost  recommend that you read the last third before you read the first two  thirds. It is only the second  time through that you truly understand the  effect of what happens to Velutha on the lives of Estha, Rahel, Ammu,  Chacko &amp; Baby Kochama.  I don't want to give the story away by  revealing what happens to Velutha.  This is in the tradition of the Jewel  and the Crown.  Roy writes like a poet.  The descriptions are as vivid as I  have ever read.  The language is to be savored.  Read it and read it again.
B00000DRA9|5.0|This is the best movie score ever composed and conducted........ Well, at least it is my favorite.  I own over 125 scores from Glory to Antz to Crimson Tide to Rudy to Saving Private Ryan and this is still, my all time  favorite..... Its music that by itself lets you watch the movie all over  again in your head... if you like movie scores, purchase this....
B000002P5W|5.0|What jaded little babies have we spawned? This is the premier work of THE guitar genius. It pales in no comparison. If everthing on this planet MUST be compared. The one of a kind sound of Jimi Hendrix on this and his other  original works is an intense sensation that we have the incredible fortune  to purchase like groceries.
0375707972|1.0|I was very disappointed with this book. I felt very disgusted that I used my hard earned money for this. Who picked this book? Who wants to read about a woman having a fling with a young boy. I feel that a better book  could have been chosen.
0553212087|5.0|I chose this book because it was on the Best 100 Books List, and it was very enjoyable. Forster's characters are so interesting and alive. They are the kind of people I would love to meet in real life, but unfortunately are  too rare. Forster has a beautiful writing style, and I love the way he  writes about the fine arts.
089381525X|5.0|I discovered the book in a public library in Paris. I was really shocked when I just pass hundreds of pages just discovering great and greater pictures. In particular, I loved some chapters like the  &quot;Mattanza&quot; thun-fish in Sicile, or the one settled in Bangladesh.  The photographic style is pure and simple. The technique is simply perfect,  so the work of Salgado is rated at a very high level, all over the book.  The only &quot;but&quot; I find is that maybe there are so many good  pictures you can swallow them at once!
B00000DLV1|5.0|Takes me ther
0780624890|5.0|Finally!!  A vampire movie that is more than just a stake in the heart chop off the head.  Fighting scenes are awesome and Special effects are great.  Kudos to Snipes for taking on this movie by not only acting but  producing as well
B00000HZFH|5.0|Doug Martsch has been putting great rock guitar albums together for a while and this one has the most clarity.  The songs are succinct and just brimming with riffs and vocal lines that are somehow challenging and catchy  at the same time.  It is rare these days when you find someone that records  an &quot;original&quot; rock album these days with the familiar  guitar/bass/drums formula, but &quot;Keep It Like A Secret&quot; does it.
B000002NJS|5.0|Although many people disagree, my favorite track is &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi.&quot;  It intergrates Madonna's newly-found introspection with a bumpin' dance beat.  Stop skipping it for once and  check it out!
0440219078|5.0|I read the book The Giver by Lois Lowery.  The main character is Jonas. At his ceremony he becomes the new receiver. This will be his job for life. He receives all the memories of the past. He lives in the future,  in a government-controlled world. The weather is always the same,  everything is in black and white, you even get assigned your job and  husband or wife. Basically everything is the same, but Jonas has all the  memories of pain, delight, and everything else we have today. His life  changed a lot when he got his job as receiver  because he was not with his  friends anymore, he sticks it out because he is important, and he learns so  much about the past pains and glories.   I highly recommend this book.
B000002MP2|5.0|All the songs on this album are great. I own every album Green Day has made and DOOKIE I would have to say is my favourite, closely followed by NIMROD, then perhaps KERPLUNK and so on it goes. I recomend GREEN DAY to  absolutely anyone.<br />I'm waiting here desperately in Western Australia for  some news on when they will tour agian.<br />James <br />Australia
0440219078|5.0|Have you ever had the feeling that you know of things that are too painful to describe?  Or even things that seem too wonderful and happy to even begin to explain?  If this describes you perfectly than you have to read or  reread The Giver by Lois Lowry.    This book is about a young boy  named Jonas who's life has been the same for the past twelve years until  the day he gets passed down the job of Giver!  He begins to experience pain  and suffering in our world today.  These feelings are so strong to him  because he lives in place called the `'Community''  where everything is  perfect, nothing goes wrong and there is no pain at all.  As he learns more  about these new experiences he begins to unveil the secrets oh the  `'Community.''  All in all, I highly recommend reading it and it's a great  buy!       -Julia C. Viegas
0060926317|3.0|I am from Down Under and thoroughly enjoyed the spritual journey into the Abo's minds and culture - I hated the trite nonsense which Marlo served us up. Was it just bad editing?? did two people write the book??? It was like  exquisite meal served up on plastic Micky Mouse plates. She hasn't done  justice to the Aboriginis - she has insulted them by her trite little  homilies at the end of most chapters - &quot;If only they were world  leaders&quot; etc. One can describe the book using Marla's style as a great present badly wrapped, pearls among the swine, silk  purses and sow's ears.
0141301155|5.0|I read the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.  This book is awesome, imaginative, funny and once you start it you can not put it down.  Even though it is fiction, it has a lot to do with real-life  problems and how irresponsible and careless human beings can be.  I would  give this book a 5 star rating.  This book is about a really poor boy  coming from a poor family who does not have a lot of things or any toys to  play with.  The best birthday present he can get is just a chocolate bar  from Willie Wonka's chocolate factory, which he loves.  It may not sound  like much of a birthday present to you, but from a really, really poor  family with absolutely no money, it is a pretty big deal.  Also Charlie is  very grateful for all of his presents even if they are small.  Charlie is a  very kind and loving child, and he is not a bragger or a bully.  Mr.  Wonka, the chocolate factory owner, starts to put golden tickets into  chocolate bars and if you find one of the 5 golden tickets in the world in  your chocolate bar, you would be very lucky.  The reason is because you  would get a special tour of the Wonka factory.  Then one day, to Charlie's  surprise, he found money in the sewer to buy a chocolate bar and found a  golden ticket in it! Charlie is very excited when he goes on the tour with  his grandfather.  That reminds me to tell you that Charlie's grandfather is  another very important character.  That is because the grandfather is very  inspirational and keeps Charlie out of trouble in the factory.  Cause  Charlie's grandfather is also very kind and caring.  But I am not going to  give everything away.  I will tell you that it is wonderful inside because  everything in the factory is made of candy which makes your mouth water.  I  think it's the best book in the world because it is funny and imaginative.   It is funny because some of the people on the tour are very spoiled and  irresponsible so they get punished in funny ways, but I won't tell.You  will have to read the book.
6303617719|5.0|I adore this movie, Meg Ryan is one of my favorite actresses, and this proves no exception.  My friends and I may have watched it over 20 times and we quote it constantly.  It is incredibly funny, but it does not assume  you have  a room temp IQ.  It is also very romantic with a great soundtrack  (&amp; I'm 16!!).
6303192459|5.0|This is definitely AUDREY HEPBURN's best film of her career.Never has she been more innocent, loving, romantic, extrovetred, crazy and phony in her whole life.A must for every viewer
1558903259|5.0|This motion picture is quite simply the greatest animated feature of all time.  It is the only animated feature to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and for several very good reasons: A sublime story  line, wonderful characters, stunning animation and one of the best musical  scores ever written for the screen.  It begins with a prologue magically  told through the use of stain-glassed windows.  The main plot involves an  odd, but beautiful small-town girl (Belle) who wants to escape her drab  existence, to only find her wish come true by being imprisoned by the Beast  in a nearby enchanted castle.  However, the most intriguing character is  the boastful and arrogant Gaston, who is willing to do anything to gain  what he cannot have -- Belle. The Disney studios pulled out all the stops  for this one and it certainly shows. An absolute joy from beginning to end.
6301773551|5.0|Lucas pioneered special effects with this flick.  Without which the public's view of a &quot;good movie&quot; which usually involves a lot of blood and gore and useless filth of that nature would not even make it into  production.  Before Star Wars movies were all like &quot;The Wizard of  Oz&quot; and &quot;Mary Poppins&quot;     The Star Wars saga is a greatly  detailed universe,it took lots of creative genious on the part of Lucas to  think it up. My point: You say you don't like it; I say you don't  understand it.
B000002LR6|5.0|This was the first Ministry disc I had ever heard, and some of the first real industrial music I had ever heard (after NIN).  From that point forward, I was hooked.  The old trash I used to cherish so much has all  been eliminated from my cd collection, and replaced with industrial of all  types.  &quot;Just One Fix&quot; has become the one of the best ways to get  my adrenaline pumping, and a pissed-off look on my face (&quot;Give me the  thorazine...&quot; &quot;You don't need the thorazine.&quot; &quot;I want  the THORAZINE!&quot; *growl**scream**drums*).  The day I stop moving to  this disc is the day I need to be taken out back and buried, because I'll  already be dead.
6304109318|5.0|I didn't rush to see this film because it got a fairly luke-warm reception from critics.  Among other things, they complained that there was little chemistry between the two leads.  Clearly, I do not understand critics'  perception of chemistry, because if there had been any more heat between  Malkovich and Roberts, my VCR would have melted.  Their ability to  communicate feelings nonverbally combined with a slow and steady increase  in sexual tension created one of the best film experiences I have had in  recent years.<br />Others complained about Roberts' accent.  This did not  bother me.  An argument could be made that her irregular Irish accent was  the result of living in aristocratic British households for 10 years.  She  would have started to lose her accent by that point.  Was it that  calculated by Roberts?  Probably not--but it still flies.<br />My only  criticism of this otherwise remarkable film, is what I suspect was an  over-zealous use of editing scissors.  We are spared being drawn a picture  of the implied incestuous relationship between Mary and her father.  Fine,  we more than got the message and I for one, was happy to not have to  witness such a horror.  But when Mary enters the brothel and finds carnage,  including blood on the ceiling and a disemboweled rat, Glenn Close's Mrs.  Farraday says, &quot;Don't even ask.&quot;  But we have to ask.  There  isn't enough information to go on.  What triggered Hyde's rage?  What  association, if any, did he make between the prostitute, Mary and her story  about rats?  Later, we're left to wonder what triggered Hyde's murderous  rage regarding Sir Danvers Carew.  Then, in the scene in which Hyde and  Mary look about to consumate their relationship, we don't know if that  happens.  Seeing this would not have been gratuitous.  It would have  furthered our understanding of Mary's dark-side and of Hyde's struggle with  his love for her.  In fact, we haven't got a clue what happened.  In  perhaps the most blatant example, we (or at least I ) cannot begin to  imagine under what circumstances Hyde would have sent her for the antecdote  or why he was in such a state when she slid it into the room.  This isn't  asking the audience to draw conclusions, it's asking us to write scenes.   The director and/or writer should have filled in those blanks.  It would  have more than held our interest.<br />In the end, however, Mary Reilly is the  kind of film that allows us to live vicariously through the characters.  We  care about what happens to them, and when we leave, it makes us think about  the Jekyl and Hyde in all of us.  That's what great film-making is all  about.
0393317552|1.0|It is difficult to believe that the Pulitzer committee would give its prize to such an haphazard collection of wild speculations and outlandish conclusions.  Diamond's own political agenda is his business.  But passing  this book off as some sort of 'scientific' support of those misguided  ideals goes beyond the pale.  I only hope that anyone else reading this  tripe will see through it as easily.
6303327982|1.0|What a piece of trash!  For some reason, Oliver Stone CAN'T make a normal film without somehow beating up on his country!  JFK was killed by a conspiracy that involved NIXON (???) and a secret cabal of pro-Vietnam War  military industrialists, while Jim Morrison was haunted by an old Indian  ghost who encouraged him to drink himself to death, and now it's the media  creating crazed super-killers that are somehow modern-day heroes --- or at  least that's how Ollie sees them!  What kind of drugs is he taking?  His  movies are CRAP!!!
B000000H4A|4.0|This is very good for the King's first solo effort. The singing is mostly done in the high falsetto(I truly prefer when he mixes it up more), however the songs are strong and the overall tone of the album is creepy buy it and  enjoy.
0783230370|1.0|If there was ever a time I wanted to walk out of a movie theater, this was it!  But I wasn't alone, and therefore couldn't just leave.  It was a horrible experience, watching this stupid movie!
630471288X|5.0|If the beer scene doesn't touch you, you're not alive.<br />Great movie.  Definitely on my all-time list.
078322172X|4.0|Actually, I thought of this one as kind of a weird &quot;Back to the Future&quot; clone.  Still, nobody does weirdness as well as Terry Gilliam, who is one of the most innovative directors out there!  An interesting  movie, despite the strangeness.
630157401X|5.0|But a mighty fine movie on it's own.  Eight years after the release of Raiders, George and Steven finally made a worthy sequel, not as dark or &quot;real&quot; as Raiders, but polished in all the right ways.  Sean  Connery really is the perfect choice for Dr. Henry Jones Sr., looking down  his nose at Junior's adventures in a nice ironic nod to the Bond  years.<br />The baddies are again the Nazis (because we hate those guys) and  the quest, this time, is for the Holy Grail.  There aren't any clapping  coconuts or african swallows (no, make that european) but what you will  find is a great adventure story with two of the best actors of their  generations showing off what great chemistry is all about.
6303168507|4.0|Yes, SCHINDLER'S LIST is a great film!  But it's also about humanity at its absolute worst --- and that makes for a less-than-entertaining movie-going experience!  Yes, it's very important that we remember all the  people who died in the Holocaust, but NO, I don't want to repeatedly  witness a re-creation of it on film!  Once was quite enough, thank you!
6300214435|3.0|But bad Indy in better than good romantic comedies.<br />The second film of the three takes on a noticiably childish demeanor, wallowing in cutesy banter with Short Round and stupid elephant gags, but some of the set  pieces are a lot of fun (mine car, bridge) and Ford is great as always.   <br />The confusing part is amidst all the childish gags is a dark and  sinister story that has some very graphic scenes that may freak some kids  out.  If you have some young ones at home, I suggest screening it first.
B000002KC5|5.0|I've been listening to this album since 1976, and will probably still be listening to it in 2026.  When all is said and done, this will prove to have been Newman's masterpiece.  The songs are so wonderfully understated  and so spare, yet they leave you with layers and layers to penetrate on  repeated listenings.  Unlike 99% of things from the late 1970s, this is a  keeper.  Buy it; you will never regret it.
0792139771|5.0|I am constantly amazed at the comments of the gay person and the other viewer who list the inaccuracies in the movie.  People, People, IT IS JUST A MOVIE, and a great one at that.  Please enjoy movies for what they are  and try not to go overboard.  It is people like you  that we are afraid  of...
6305358567|5.0|Great period piece...intrigue of the Court very intense...BRAVA!!! Performances wonderful.
6304415346|5.0|The eighth installment in the Trek franchise is arguably the best if not tied with 2.  The only disappointment is the battle sequence with the Borg cube---it could have been longer.  This film shows Patrick Stewart at his  prime.  No question about it, the man and his crew know how to act.  And  sorry Loser Shatner fan, but old wrinkled Bill boy should've gone after  Trek 6 and allowed Stewart to do Trek 7 alone.  If I were to rate this  1-100 so I could get as detailed as possible Id give it a 91.  It was great  but not perfect.  Never-the-less it was far better than JAR JAR EPISODE 1.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Excellent CD.  Just finished listening to the whole CD for the first time.  Seems like RHCP wasn't complete without Frusciante and now that they're whole again, their music and lyrics are smoother.  This is deffinately an  album.  A little rough as it should be with four healing induviduals  getting back together, but from the first song it just takes you like a  wave.  Maybe it's because I'm the same age as the members, but it seems  like the music reflects a lot of feelings I have now same as BSSM reflected  my life at the time (One Hot Minute did nothing for me).  Buy it, kick  back, close your eyes and enjoy.
0440131480|5.0|If you are looking for an entertaining, yet wonderfully written satire, Vonnegut's 'Breakfast of Champions' is obviously the best choice.  The entire book is hilarious, the self-illustrations by Vonnegut create a  strong foundation of both his vivid imagination and sheer genius.  I highly  recommend this book, being it is one of my all time favorites.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The added scenes that were replaced add even more depth to the character of Ellen Ripley and Sigourney was, shall I say, Awesome in these. I can not imagine watching this movie now without those scenes. It would be rather  lackluster to say the least. I could have done with out the James Cameron  interview, but with DVD I do not have to watch it unless I want to. I would  rather watch his work than listen to him talk. And thanks to to DVD I can.  This is definitely a SCI-FI work of art, a masterpiece and will not soon be  forgotten at least not by me.
0767817478|1.0|I hated this movie like anyone else.  Yet after seeing the new Star Wars movie I can say that even a plot does not help a bad movie.  It is what it is, a bad film.  Godzilla was boring and stupid but I felt like I wasted  more money on the Phantom Menace.
B000002USN|2.0|By 1993, Sinatra's voice had lost its flexibility and range, but the old timbre comes through -- once in a while. An interesting album for the completist, but for the listener interested in a Sinatra sampler invest in  the Columbia, Capitol and Reprise &quot;Best of&quot; sets. Stay away from  this and Duets II.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I would much prefer a film be creepy or deeply unsettling than it be merely a shocker or bump-in-the-night frightening. The Shining is an all-time example of excellence where disturbing images and creepiness is  concerned. Plus, the music is right on the dead of center. I must agree  with the posters who have below complained of the failure of the studio or  Kubrick or whomever to see to it that we had the option of viewing a  widescreen formatting of the film. Granted, Kubrick did not shoot it with  anamorphic lenses and centers his subjects in the frame so consistently  that a failure to in any small degree widescreen the movie is not fatal to  the enjoyment of the chills. Still, why not let the viewer make the  decision? Perhaps the hellacopter shadow  noted below is more egregious and  on-going in a widescreen presentation. No matter--aces high. me.<br />WIDESCREEN PLEASE!!!!
B000006OBQ|5.0|Sinatra is in his element; the monologue tells us a lot about the performer, the audience, the time and the place. A priceless album, much improved in 20-bit remaster format with Frank Loesser's exhuberant  &quot;Luck be a Lady&quot; restored to bridge the abrupt cut of the initial  CD release.
B00000J7JO|5.0|It's like 1991. &quot;Blood sugar sex magik&quot; album is the best funk rock ever. Now there is something to compare with it...
B000002U84|5.0|I think this is my favorite album.  It is unabashedly romantic with driving rhythms that are complex but easily apprehended.  Unlike pop music of the past decade, it is not at all cynical, and it has pleasant melodies  that stick in your head, prompting dreams.  Probably because of the  ever-present, spacey, keyboard diddling on top of everything.  I just love  it and have for 15 years.
B000002B7U|5.0|This is the first album by Ozzy I bought, and I bought it primarily because of the beautiful cover art by Boris Vallejo.  It quickly became one of my favorite albums.  The tour for this album became the first rock  concert I was ever to see live.  The opening act was Metallica, with Cliff  on bass right before he died (and I ran right out and started buying their  albums as well).  Of course this album has stronger and weaker  songs--Stronger:  Killer of Giants (amazing), Thank God for the Bomb, Shot  in the Dark, The Ultimate Sin, Never Know Why.  Weaker:  the rest.  But  none of the songs are skip-over-to-get-to-the-next weak.  This one of the  few albums that I can listen to all the way through.  The album contains  great melodies and Jake E. Lee is at his best with the construction of his  solos (I listened to some of his solo stuff and was very disappointed).  I  am referring to the album version of this, though (long live vinyl!)- I  have no idea if these remastered versions are any good, but from what  others are saying your best bet is to go to the used record store.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I highly recommend this CD. My favorites  are &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot;, &quot;Tu&quot; and &quot;The last words You said&quot;.
0385484518|5.0|What a magnificent book! It inspired me to get in touch with one of my old professors and let him know what a difference he has made in my life.  I even find myself watching ESPN Sportscenter in hopes of catching a glimpse  of Mitch Albom.<br />I cannot say enough about this book.  It is tender,  compassionate and despite its tale of one man's death, it is  life-affirming.  After reading lessons on such topics as family, money and  forgiveness, I find myself making life changes that will ultimately lead to  a more fulfilling life for me and all who come in contact with me (I  hope!).  For those searching for the key to a happy, fulfilling life in  self-help books, I say close them all now and read this book instead. In  less than 200 pages, Mitch and Morrie deliver everything you need to cope  with life, death and everything in between.
B000003H3M|5.0|All I have to say is &quot;John Doe&quot; Rules! Best Testament since &quot;The New Order&quot;.
0688170528|5.0|I read this book over one weekend.  It gripped me from the start and I read it though without pause.  A difficult book to read because I identified with so many of the emotions of all the characters.  A book you  won't forget.
B000002H4Q|5.0|This is for me their best album...It has been stolen from my parties 8 times !!! and I buy it back every time...Enjoy!
B00000J7JO|4.0|I, too, have been waiting for this album for many years. I must say, the slower speed of many (most??) of the songs was a shock, but being able to understand the lyrics, better hear Anthony's beautiful voice, and *really*  listen to John's outrageous guitar playing are big plusses (not to discount  Flea or Chad - love them, too).  I definitely don't regret buying the  album, and hope they don't wait this many years for the next one!  We've  missed you guys - no one compares.
B00000F1D3|3.0|It's time to party.  Or is it?  This Cher CD can not compare with her recently released greatest hits.  The main complaint; nearly every song has the same beat.  Cher if you could turn back time, you would'nt have made  this one.
6304211740|4.0|I just finished reading the book for school. In the past I had tried to read Wuthering Heights by Charlotte's sister, Emily, but to no avail. However, I LOVED Jane Eyre!! Upon hearing that it is also a movie, my teacher recommeded this version, and I was impressed. Of course, they changed a few things, but that always happens when novels are make into movies! My only critism is the way it ended. The ending was like that of the novel, however, it seemed to fly by in the movie! About the last 100 pages of the book only took up about 12 minutes of the movie! Also, like some of the other review say, it can be pretty dull if you haven't read the book. So my advise, read it first, then rent the movie.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I'm listening to this CD for the fourth time, and I only bought it yesterday.  Diana Krall keeps getting better and better.  Wonderful string arrangements, great small ensemble work.  Since Ella passed, jazz vocals  don't get any better than this.  One small complaint -- why not list cut 13  (from &quot;True Love&quot;) on the packaging.  And who is playing the sax  on that cut.  All in all, though, this is one tasty CD.  Even  &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; is way cool.  My only regret is Diana should  record more often.
B000001IPL|5.0|with hard bash-away riffs, the offspring are headed for the spotlight. starting out with a throbbing anthem called &quot;Nitro&quot; this song sets a pace for the rest of the album.The top 5 songs are Self-Esteem, Come  out and Play, Bad Habit , Smash(the song), and Genocide. If want to try out  the band, this is the absolute best.With flying bass and 100 MPH guitar  riffs, it makes SMASH a punk rock classic
0880381736|5.0|Symbolic of how the companions first met at the beginning. Filled with fights, a little romance, traveling, and magic, it's a small wonder it was a best-seller!
B000002I2G|2.0|The Doors are off the scale at their best but this isn't it. The lyrics are awkward and the music sounds forced. Eccentric without a good reason. Waiting For The Sun is my idea of a good Door's album. Strange Days,  Morrison Hotel, The Doors, all of them much stronger albums. I plan on  trading this one at Disc-Go-Round.
B00000J7J7|5.0|Though hardly a surprise if you've been following the career and the previous recordings of this gifted pianist, what is a astonishing is the depth of the emotional beauty found here.  This is an absolutely amazing  album.  No doubt about it...we're witnessing genius here.<br />P.S. The liner  notes provide an artistic manifesto by Mehldau which ought to be included  in the next issue of Best American Essays of the Year.  Thoughtful,  interesting and well-written!
B000002MIF|5.0|except this one doesn't have asleep (a great great song). what this one does have is 16  melancholic masterpieces. I also own The Queen Is Dead which is a more acidic and less tragic album. both of them deserve five  stars, The gap between the lyrics and the voice tone is indeed what makes  both bands.(s. pistols 2)
B00000J7S8|5.0|Previous generations had their jazz idols, divas and stars...witness Diana Krall and behold a shining star in the Jazz-heavens...and she belongs solidly to us, luckily, here at the turn of the century.<br />This album just  continues the stream of delights to pour forth over the piano keys and  through the voice of this talented artist.  What you'll really find amazing  is the way she just wraps herself around the lyrics, making each song  special and hers.  Russell Malone on guitar and John Clayton on bass  epitomize the meaning of the word &quot;ensemble&quot;.  The added bonus  here are the sultry and subdued orchestral accompaniaments arranged  and  conducted by Johnny Mandel...NOT schmaltzy nor overblown as these types of  orchestrations can end up sounding, instead of fighting Krall and her Trio,  they do what they are supposed to do...lift her up on a pedestal of lush  sound.  What a sweet treat for the summer!
B000002L9J|5.0|the man sings some beautiful absurdities with his remarketable voice gunning for celluloid hisstory. The album succeeds      (not for everybody
6300151379|5.0|David Bowie is mesmerizing as the goblin king and his songs just serve to add to this amazing, energetic film.  Jennifer Connelly is an enchanting and strong heroine. She along with her many Henson-created friends along  her journey make this an endearing film for kids of all ages.
6304117752|5.0|This movie is based on the book of the same title written by Maria Augusta Trapp.  The movie compresses a 12-year story into a year, but it is very well done nonetheless.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I love the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and I am glad they have finally released a follow up to Blood Sugar Sex Magic.  (I do not consider One Hot Minute to be a true Chili Peppers album becasue A. it did not have John Frusciante on  it, and B. it sucked.)  I have listened to the whole thing about 5 times  since I bought it yesterday.  Do yourself a favor, buy this cd.
B000006OS2|3.0|John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara - I don't believe there's ever been another screen couple who can make the verbal, and romantic, sparks fly the way they do. Of all the movies I've owned over 18 years ofcollecting, none  makes me laugh-out-loud as much as this one, even on repeated viewings. The  dialogue crackles with testy good-humor, and the cast of supporting  characters (Chill Wills, Edgar Buchanan) adds immensely to the fun. Sour  note - this film absolutely screams out for a letterboxed or enhanced for  16:9 widescreen version. There are WAY TOO MANY characters missing in the  poor pan and scan framing, &quot;barely there&quot; profile shots,  characters talking to an off-screen presence. Also, the extremely poor DVD  quality actually detracts from enjoyment of this fun film. It looks like a  3rd or 4th generation tape transfer. A sad way to treat such a popular  film. Summary: Content - 5 stars, transfer quality - 1 star.
1573226521|5.0|I think most of us in our early 20s can identify with Richard, because we all want some sort of unique experience upon which we can look back and use as an example in our attempt to prove we lived an interesting life.   Garland reminds us, however, that we can take this quest for meaning too  far, although he doesn't necessarily discourage us from making the trip.   We have to find our own beaches and our own VCs.  As such, &quot;The  Beach&quot; is perfect for anyone who's trying to figure out who they are  and what they want out of life.  Plus, Hemmingway doesn't have any wicked  action sequences.
0385484518|4.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; was an inspirational account with a simple but powerful message for living that all of us caught in the daily doldrums could appreciate.  It more than exceeded my expectations in being  much more than a &quot;self-help&quot; book and made me really think about  where I am in my life and where I want to be.  <br />I could see why some  people are critical of what they consider &quot;oversimplification&quot; of  important issues such as love and death, and I must admit at times I found  myself wanting more from the book... but perhaps we are supposed to find  our own meaning/appreciation in the simplicity of the message -- isn't that  the whole point?
B00000AFHM|2.0|I, like most fans, jumped on the Belle and Sebastian bandwagon. I heard them a few times, then went out and bought 2 full lengths and 2 eps. And you know what... when i actually think about it, and put this disc on. I  REALLY don't like this type of music at all. It's very pansey and weak.  This music is for people who are weak, both physically and mentally. The  guys voice is just plain annoying. I'm sick of this &quot;psuedo  experimental&quot; indie pop. This disc sucks, and so does the band.  B&amp;S are just too trendy for me. I'm either missing something, or not  &quot;cool&quot; enough to be into it. The songs are boring and tired.  Spend your money elsewhere. Buy a &quot;Rachel's&quot; disc, or a  &quot;HOOD&quot; album instead.
0140277447|4.0|This is a very difficult book to understand, not just because of the subject material (which is beyond the comprehension of the average late 20th Century American), but because of the lack of really good sources.  While elements of the book clearly seem implausible (how did 27 Westerners  manage to continuously protect and guard 200,000 Chinese in the Saftey  Zone? All while finding time to run around stopping atrocities?), one  cannot deny the event occured. We are left with tantalizing first-person  accounts, but a lack of documentary evidence which leaves us straining to  peer through the mists of time.<br />In the end, we just don't know for sure,  any more than we know the true details of atrocities today in the Balkans  or China. We know atrocities did occur, we can sympathise with the author  because Japan's failure to deal properly with its past in the way Germany  has is frustrating, and because so many details of the Sino-Japanese  conflict are lost to Westerners, while the European conflict is  meticulously documented.<br />But, at the end of the day, we still just don't  know. We want to believe, but somehow while the stories relayed in the Rape  of Nanking are impressive, it feels more like the &quot;historian as  copy-typist&quot; that John Keegan indicts in his &quot;Face of  Battle&quot;. I do not believe that this is serious history in the way that  book is. We are asked to take too much on faith. What we end up with is  somthing that plays to our emotions but fails to hammer us with compelling  scholorship. The Rape of Nanking is like the reports of atrocities coming  out of Kosovo today. Compelling story telling, probably true to a greater  or lesser degree, but we are left sturggling to identify where the truth  really lies. Should this deter us? Perhaps not. Does it really matter if  10,000 or 50,000 or 100,000 acts of unimaginable barbarism were comitted?  Is 10,000 or 50,000 acceptable and 100,000 not? What do these numbers  really mean acrosstime and generations? However, I feel our response to  this book should be not to overrate it as history or scholorship (although  some of the work done in tracking down individual sources is impressive),  but to remind us how ignorant we (as Westerners) remain about the war in  Asia and that the gaps in our knowledge of history simply must be filled  in. This book does not do it, but it should be a compelling reminder to us  that the truth _is_ out there, and there is no doubt that to deny the past  is to deny the future.
B000002U9E|1.0|I must be crazy but I think that this CD is simply awful! Maybe it is Kate's style but this CD to me is about as enjoyable as listening to fingernails on a blackboard. I mean just what in the name of Elisabeth  Frazier, Sandra or Sarah Brightman is this woman trying to do? A real  Excederin headache for me.
0679731725|5.0|Kazuo Ishiguro could not have written a better novel. Nor should I dare to suggest that an author, the person whose own imagination created and nurtured this beautiful story, could miss the point! How? Steveslr suggests  that Ishiguro was writing with blinkers on and I fail to see how this is  possible. Steveslr may suggest that I too am missing the point, but maybe  then he!(steveslr) is reading too much into what is in truth a beautiful  love story, one of a man obsessed with his duty missing his one true  chance. If Steveslr sees mistakes that ruin the ending of what I and quite  obviously the entirety of the panel of judges for the Booker Prize consider  a perfectly structured novel, then perhaps he (steveslr) is missing the  point. Read this novel for yourself and decide.
B00000IQW5|5.0|I know this may sound corney, but guyshave Brian's Song as their feel good crymovie and now we girls have the ultimategirl movie.  It has everything you needto experience every emotion.  Action, adventure, romance, laughter,  sadness,and an ending that leaves you spiritually uplifted.  So girls go  andhave that slummber party, that glass ofwine, and that box of tissue,  becauseyou are in for a big treat!
B000002ULS|1.0|The thing that i hate the most about this band is their fan base. Cheesey, pretentious, weak, whimpy, pansey, wanna-be artsy, psuedo intellectual, corn ball, and down right annoying people. I don't get it. Maybe it's cuz  i'm not gay.
0792835719|5.0|This movie established the benchmark of what science fiction should be.  The irony is this:  the movie that made me a SciFi fan also spoiled me, for nothing I have seen or read since even comes close.  Unfortunately for the  genre, what passes for SciFi today is mainly &quot;cowboys in  space&quot;.<br />If I were to do a remake, I would be hard pressed to outdo  the production values.  I would, however, eliminate the trite Earl Holliman  (as a cook named . . . Cookie) skit with Robby Robot.  In fact, it made me  deduct one star and give Forbidden Planet a mere  * * * * *  .<br />Forbidden Planet remains the best SciFi film ever made, and one of the  greatest of all films.  Even Pauline Kael liked it!
B000001Y2U|5.0|being . .   that the reason for their weak and unneeded comments are to give a reccomondation on the ALBUM . . ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR.  Not marilyn himself nor any of his so called followers. In my opinion . .  this  compilation of hate bred songs .  is an absolute genius piece of work.  Great rythm sections, even better arrangements . .  and the vocals mixed  with guitars is phenomonal. This album hits crisp peaks and filthy pits . .   rages and ranges from every aspect of pure anti christian heavy heavy  heavy metal. Wonderful work guys!  Hope somehow you make it back to your  unfiltered and non coherent state again.
0780625129|5.0|in the history of cinema, edward nortons portrayl of derrek vinyard is truly one of the most frightening charater creations of all time.  he simply exudes menace and strife.  one of the best films of the last 20  years and eaily tied with a simple plan (in my opinion anyway), for best  film of last year
0385493800|4.0|The Testament is a very good book.  It show's that money to some people is not everything.  And what is so great about the book is that people who have a lot of money get awful greedy at times.  It is a good read for any  one that needs a wake up call.
B00000J7JO|3.0|I think that people are so excited to have John Frusciante in the Peppers that they are reacting as much to that as to what they are hearing. The album is very good, not great. Its about the same as ONE HOT MINUTE. Does  Frusciante's return mean that much? The live show will be the true test.
6305372411|5.0|there is only one word that can say this vcd===   exciting, bes
6302968100|5.0|well what can i say?  this film is beyond description.  all i can say is that it contains some of the most fascinating characters ive ever seen.  Gary oldmans role as derxal spivey is one of the greatest badd a** white  guy roles put in film.  he ruled.
068815333X|5.0|I am a very big fan of Mr. Lehane's. He just keeps getting better. If you have never read one of his books get busy. You will not be disappointed. Just do not expect your ordinary thriller. He's better than that. I can  hardly wait until the next installment.
6300151379|5.0|This is my favorite movie, ever. The only movie that has ever come close is The Dark Crystal (another Henson movie). I find completely dis-heartening that it is out of print and I wish that it would be  re-released. I first saw this movie when I was 4 years old, and I have been  an enormous fan of the muppets ever since. I am now 17 and I still watch  this movie like I did when I first saw it, wide-eyed child-like wonder. I  do wish taht I hadn't destroyed the box when I was little, though!
B000003S09|3.0|Although I agree with ALL of the positive reviews of this piece,I have to confirm the review of the  individual from USA dated December 30,1998...This  collection of songs is a masterpiece,and set the standard  for Prog-Rock/Art-Rock bands (I despise labels) for the next five  years...but there is something missing in the sound quality of the  transference from analog to digital...Vinyl has a certain quality of  RESONANCE that can't be found in a digital recording...One would have had  to have heard this on an original recording and on an audiophile grade  system to appreciate the difference...The same holds true for other pieces   of that  era..IE:&quot;Tarkus&quot;,&quot;ELP&quot;,&quot;Lizard&quot;,&quot;Fragile&quot;  etc...If you have a high grade system,and you can get your hands on a good  vinyl copy of these recordings...do it..you WILL hear the  difference...Although I can easily give &quot;In The Court Of The Crimsom  KIng&quot; 5 stars for quality of composition and artistic content,I can't  recommend the digital rendering of this piece...In answer to the question  &quot;who re-mastered this recording&quot;...Robert Fripp did in 1989...Go  figure
B000001ELP|4.0|This albums listens well played adjacent to Paul Stanley's solo album. Under The Rose is a very cool song. I find it very similar to Pink Floyd's Comfortably Numb. I absolutely love the guitar solo on it! Just A Boy would  have been great without the super-high-pitched tones from Paul. Another  reviewer aptly described his voice as &quot;ethereal&quot; as it is in the  rest of the song. A World Without Heroes is beautiful. It alone is worth  the price of the CD. This song has a very cool guitar solo as well.  Listening to it really stops you and forces you to relax.
B000002UAX|5.0|Reviewer from Michigan: The Beatles are not an &quot;overrated influence.&quot; Even your pal Hendrix performed their songs. Any band today that: 1)writes their own material 2) uses clever, deceptively simple  chord changes 3) experiments with sound and uses the studio to its full  potential 4) pushes the limits of rock's visual imagery  5) releases a  bestselling double album owes something to the Beatles, like it or not.  There are a lot of great bands out there, but then there are a lot of great  playwrites too - that doesn't make Shakespeare any worse. As for this  album, it may not be the band's most accessible music. But listeners  everywhere owe it to themselves to discover the magic inherent in this  mammoth achievement.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall continues to bring elegance back to Jazz. She's the genre's best-looking, best-sounding, and best-playing artist today--\\"When I Look in Your Eyes\\" confirms her status as Jazz's best bet and sweetest sound. One word sums up this release: Yum...
014028009X|5.0|I was rather dubious about reading this book from all the things I had read about it. How interesting can someone's obsession with counting calories and dating be? But I was strongly encouraged to get it by a friend  so I did, and POW! I read it in practically one evening and I couldn't put  it down until I'd finished. <br />It is a very funny look at one late 20th  Century single English woman's life, but her experiences will ring bells  with everyone. Even if you are not Bridget Jones you know someone who is.  <br />The story itself is also very good. The episodes are larger than life  and farcical (I laughed out loud while I was reading it) but they are  always somehow believable within the context of Bridget's life. Most  important, you get involved with Bridget and care about what happens to  her. The whole book is like having a series of long phone calls with a good  friend.
630200084X|5.0|One of my absolute, all-time favorite films!  Having the video allows me to have a &quot;fix&quot; at least every few months.  There can be few films made in recent years with such a combination of comedy, romance,  nostalgia, history, and incredibly lovable characters.  Add on top of all  that, the music that I keep humming for days after!  I LOVE this film (and  it must be seen in Italian).
6301658795|5.0|A very good shot and cut, put together movie which get's better and better all the time! It is very entertaining for us jazz lovers and it is fun not only to see the performers on stage, but also the people and the life of  that era! It is put together artistically wonderful! I must really say that  this is a masterpiece!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Eh, the cameraman's story is nice, but I'm still happy with being Tony Kiedis' cousin.<br />Anyway, anyway, this is a beautiful, beautiful record. I'm absolutely in love with Scar Tissue (and the video). Two of the other  great tracks on this are the ones preceeding Scar Tissue; Around The World  and Parallel Universe behold to us a return of the Chili Peppers funky rock  style that set them apart from any mainstream recording artist many, many  years ago.<br />In short, it's a brilliant piece of recording from my favorite  family band, and definitely, do not wait. Do yourself a favor and buy it  right now.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Whether or not you were a fan before &quot;Mirrorball&quot;, this album will make you one!  This is a bigger and better example of &quot;The Freedom Sessions&quot;, but does not take its place.  I love the fact that  Sarah can take her tunes and make them new again, like rekindling interest  in a lost love or something.  I am a huge Sarah fan, as most of us here.  I  heard &quot;Elsewhere&quot; on the radio in early 1995 and just knew I had  to buy &quot;Fumbling...&quot; immediately.  Following that CD was of  course, &quot;Surfacing&quot;, then my interest spread into her older  albums, &quot;Touch&quot;,&quot;Solace&quot;, &quot;Rarities and B  Sides&quot; and eventually &quot;The Freedom Sessions&quot;.  Unless you  listen to her old music to find her &quot;sense of the past&quot;, you will  not nearly understand Sarah's current work as fully as possible!  SARAH  ROCKS AS ALWAYS! :)
6304806434|4.0|I have read some of the reviews the people put here about Con Air some say it's great others say it's moronic the ones that say this movie is moronic don't get that they are not trying to make a significant movie they're just  tryin to make a fun one and that's what it is a very fun movie .
1573226521|1.0|This book starts off well, but the last few chapters i had to force myself to read. I had to laugh when the 'mob' turned against him and started stabbing him ...a poor rip off of 'Lord of the Flies'.
B00000IQW0|4.0|The Battlestar Galactica movie - episode title Saga Of A Star World - kicks off the Galactica series, and as such it naturally has an incomplete quality.  Not that the film doesn't stand well on its own - it does so  quite well - but that it is not meant to be seen without also viewing the  subsequent series.    Galactica: SOASW is a scifi allegory of the struggle  of the state of Israel (though producer-creator Glen Larson has the Book of Mormom more in mind), and also an allegory on mankind's genesis.  Both  themes are intriguing and well presented.  There is a hawkish view of war  and peace issues - crystalized here with the Treaty of Cimtar that is but a  cover for the Cylon Empire to launch the largest assault in the history of  gaalctic warfare - that is by far BG's most provocative and refreshing  quality; most other scifi suffers from a dreadfully pacifistic outlook that  has never held up in the real world.      Many viewers at the time of the  film's premeire in 1978 were asked to compare Galactica with Star Wars, and  noted that Galactica benefits from a much stronger plot and premise than  the original SW.  The show's stronger plot remains impressive today, as do  the performances of the huge cast assembled.  Richard Hatch gets the  strongest airtime here (subsequent episodes would explore the character of  Dirk Benedict's Starbuck) and rounds out Captain Apollo very nicely.       Three mixes of SOASW have been aired; the original movie available on  tape and DVD, the original with changes made regarding John Colicos  (excellent as the villainous Baltar), and a two-and-one-half hour  \\"director's cut,\\" split into three one-hour episodes to actually  launch the series.  The long version includes the aforementioned changes  for Baltar; in the original, Baltar is beheaded by the Cylons, but it was  found that this was unsatisfactory a plot twist, and with strong audience  reaction to Baltar, it was decided to change Baltar's fate and make him a  continuing character (shown in a superior epilogue directed by Larson).  The director's cut is the best of the three  mixes.    The pilot's lesser qualities center primarily on the lengthy  Carillon celebration, clearly inspired by the Mos Eisley bar scene in Star  Wars.  The Carillon angle is not poorly done, but it detracts from the  show's theme about man's genesis.  It is, though, good in setting up the  show's hawkish outlook on war and peace; the Fleet's ruling Quorom decides  to abandon the Fleet's voyage to find the planet Earth, and instead try to  open a dialogue with the Cylons - unaware that those same Cylons have made  the entire Carillon setup a trap in which to finish off the human race once  and for all.    The SFX remain stellar nearly thirty years later, although the  sound mixing of the later shows is markedly better, especially in the  episodes Lost Planet Of The Gods and The Hand Of God.    In all, though, the  Galactica pilot is a good start to a very enjoyable scifi series.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I went and bought this CD this morning and skipped school to go listen to it. It's great! You've probably already heard &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;. It's a great song. Other good songs include &quot;Otherworld&quot;, &quot;Around  The World&quot;, and &quot;Easily&quot;. Speaking of which, this is easily  their best album. Go buy it now!
0792840852|5.0|Gene Kelly couldn't have done a more better job because he was great in the film. The dancing, singing and regular dialouge was fantastic and organized. The film accurately showed what people thought and did when  &quot; talking pictures &quot; appeared in movie theatres. The cast is  delightful and funny. Kelly's choreography was excellent along with Donald  O'Connor. I recommend you see it over and over and over and over and over  again. Bye
B000002KIT|5.0|Tame studio tracks come to life in the hands of Robertson and Gorham. Listen to Still In Love With You for two truly great guitar solos. Absolutely essential.
B000002HRE|2.0|This album has let me down and Metallica are bastards. Do not buy this CD!!!! I know that this may not get posted as it breaks the rules but DON'T LET FUEL TRICK YOU!!!! The album opens up with Fuel and that IS a good  song, one of the best metal songs that I have ever heard. But the rest?  They're not brilliant. Prince Charming tends to grow on you a bit, as do  most of the songs, but if your compare this to something like Nevermind by  Nirvana, Bone To Pick by the Gone Jackals, Live After Death by Iron Maiden,  or indeed, all the other Metallica albums, you'll be sorely disappointed.  Get one the other albums I mentioned. Now? Well, now I'm off to buy  Metallica (oddly enough, by Metallica) and take Re-Load back. Just see if  you can get an MP3 of Fuel or something, as that song IS good.
0792151712|2.0|Story: good.  Music: fine; Acting: tollerable.  Dialogue: the worst since the dawn of time.
0375707972|1.0|I was so disappointed in this book. For a short novel, it ran too long with unnecessary details. I felt nothing with any of the characters. Don't waste your time or money on this one.
B000002TWN|5.0|This is what true soul music is about! Pushing the envelope and expressing your true artistic values. Not making music for record sales, but being true to yourself.Great c.d.looking forward to the next one. When you listen  to D Angelo you don't have to ask, is that this artist, or that artist,   (because they all sound the same). With the same redundant music,(no  creativity). I would love to here D Angelo work with Joshua Redman on a  jazz record. Great C.D.! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
0385486804|3.0|The only part of this book that had any success was the stirring up of controversy. It did, in a positive way. Be warnde, friends, that the actual book is fairly boring and very hard to get through. About 15% of the book  actually talks about the dudes experiences in Alaska, the rest is a  rambling fest
6303014100|5.0|This film, more than any other I've seen brings out the unfolding events of Gettysburg and the thoughts of those that participated. It is artfully directed, brilliantly scored,and very loyal to Mike Shaara's deeply  researched Killer Angels. One feels that they are actually witnessing this  moment in time and listening to the real combatants. A great piece of  Americana.
B00000JCB2|5.0|when i heard this album i didnt expect it to be as good as it was..it totally blew me away. fred's vocals are so much better and it is so much more complex than 3$bill. nothing bad on the whole album
B00000J7JO|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this CD. There are only a couple of songs on here that didn't grab me immediately(I just got the album today), most of em are pretty damn good. John Frusciante's return is very welcome. My fave  songs are Californication, Easily, This Velvet Glove, Around the World,  Road Trippin, and Scar Tissue...good album!
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead's second album &quot;The Bends&quot; definately has to be their best release and my favorite album of all time. The variety and mix of different guitar tones, and spacy sound effects makes this album an  unbelievable piece of art. It is a must buy for alternative or rock fans.
0399142851|5.0|Kimberly Jelley<br />OOOO Patricia Cornwell knows how to grab a reader's attention.  Every page of here novel, Unnatural Exposure, lured me into the twisted fate of Dr. Kay Scarpetta.  This character known to her friends as  'Scarpetta', was a strong woman with a 'man's' job.  She was the chief  medical examiner for the state of Virginia, and was looked up to by all of  her colleagues.  The book unravels as the reader gets involved in the  murders and unfathomable deaths laid upon Dr. Scarpetta's ice cold  examining table.  Suspense captures the reader until the very last sentence  of the thriller.    The writing style portrayed in this story can best  be described to you on page 214, when Scarpetta nervously states her  conclusion on the motives of the killer.  &quot;I'm saying that we might be  dealing with biological warfare.  A unabomber that uses a disease.&quot;   This phrase summarizes the fear and confusion that the characters exhibit  throughout their journey to find the murderer, and their reasons.  Dr.  Scarpetta is in charge of uncovering the cause of death, finding the serial  killer that mutilated so many people, and escaping this insane person  targeting her over the Internet.  The use of America Online serves a major  purpose in discovering the murderer, his motive, and why he/she has sour  feelings for Dr. Scarpetta.  This novel brings you apprehension, irony,  and page upon page of new terms and medical knowledge that only Patricia  Cornwell can provide.  &quot;Unnatural Exposure&quot; is easy to read and  will not leave you bored or too frustrated with suspense.  This novel  teaches you to never discount that evil may lie right where you least  expect it.  Overall I felt this novel was very  powerful and it deserves a chance to be read by all readers interested in  science and mystery.  I personally award Unnatural Exposure, by Patricia  Cornwell four stars.
0790729628|3.0|&quot;Blade Runner&quot; is one of my favorite movies.  I have owned it in every format, and when the &quot;Director's Cut&quot; DVD became available, I bought it immediately and sold my Embassy LD of the original theatrical  release:  I should ahve watched the DVD first.  Several of Deckard's  speeches have been deleted, most notably the one that he makes after the  death of Roy Baddy.  In addition, the end sequence, in which Deckard and  Rachel are flying &quot;North&quot; has been removed.  If this is the way  Ridley Scott really wanted the movie to be, he was wrong.
0399142851|5.0|Michael Meehan<br />Unnatural Exposure, by Patricia Cornwell ***** &quot;Unnatural Exposure is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish!&quot;<br />Thrilling!  Suspenseful!  Spine tingling on the edge of  your seat excitement from start to finish!  Patricia Cornwell captures your  mind and your imagination and throws your most horrifying fears right in  front of your face in her murder mystery, Unnatural Exposure.   Dr. Kay  Scarpetta, the head medical examiner at a Virginia morgue has been leading  the investigation in a series of gruesome murders.  There is someone out  there who is murdering innocent people and communicating with Dr. Scarpetta  only through the vast world of cyberspace.  Just when she thinks she has  answered the question and unraveled the mystery, the killer poses ten more  questions.  He always seems to be two steps ahead of the investigation.  He  knows what they are thinking and he knows exactly what they will do next.   They are playing along perfectly in his twisted game.    Throughout the  investigation, a deadly virus breaks out on a secluded island and claims  several lives.  Dr. Scarpetta has reason to believe that this sudden  outbreak out may be linked to the murders.  She now has to find a way to  discover the cause of this virus and how it may be somehow connected to the  killings.  It is a virus that has &quot;never before been seen on this  planet&quot; as Scarpetta says.  Meanwhile she needs to keep everything  away from the public ear to prevent an uproar.  That seems very unlikely  since Detective Ring, who is also working on the investigation, is dying to  be in the spotlight with a breakthrough story.   This masterpiece throws  the reader right into the story and makes you feel like you are actually  the one experiencing the terror that this Virginia community is  experiencing.  Without a doubt, this book is one day reading or less.  From  the story's opening moment you cannot put the book down.  Cornwell keeps  the readerguessing as the entire storyline plays out right up until the  very climax of the story.
6301008723|4.0|I saw this on TV. It was scary (especially when the head would spin around)Boring at first but worth the 1/2 hour wait.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|Don't waste your money buying the whole CD.  &quot;If You had my Love&quot; is a great song, so just buy it.  If they would've spent as much time on the songs as they did on the pics inside, it would be great.  I  don't think that she has alot of talent, she just sounds good with all of  the backup singers.
B00000099Y|5.0|I own a lot of CDs (upwards of 300), but, I must tell you, Aenima has got to be my favorite.  I've been a fan of Tool since 1993 when I purchased Opiate, and, while I love their other two albums, Aenima still beats them  out.<br />If you have to buy one album this year, please make it Aenima.  You  will definitely not be sorry. This album does  not get old.  I've gone  through periods in which I've listened to it for weeks on end, and I've  never grown tired of it.  I think the key to this is that their songs have  no crap in them.  While the immature listener may complain that the songs  are too long and too &quot;weird&quot;, I think this is the key to their  excellence.  The songs are creations that play with your emotions, almost  better than Pink Floyd at their greatest.  &quot;Third Eye&quot; is a true  epic, and is probably my all-time favorite song.
1558908846|4.0|Who says this is a ripoff?  Everything is basically a ripoff of everything.  This is a great Sci-Fi thriller with a ton of cool effects and great storyline.  Must see!
0679777547|2.0|I was lovin' this book up to the scene where the title's meaning is revealed. Loved the nine pairs of woodcuts, each with one tiny, crucial difference; loved the history of book-bindings and -burnings. Loved the  meditations on the greatness of Dumas and other swashbuckling trash; loved  the allusions to Sherlock Holmes.  I was hooked, for a while, on the occult  events, baroque settings, and twisty plot. But the ending was the lamest  &quot;faux-po-mo&quot; cop-out imaginable.  Bah humbug! I said, and threw  the book across the room.  I exchanged it for &quot;The Three  Musketeers&quot; and &quot;A Scandal in Bohemia.&quot;
B000002GLV|5.0|If you like blues, jazz, or both, this CD is essential listening
0792841050|5.0|This film, like &quot;Shenandoah,&quot; gets into the fiber of American feelings about war.  Telling the tale of a backwoodsman, brought up in a fundamentalist religion that takes the Commandment &quot;Thou Shalt Not  Kill&quot; as an absolute, the film shows how moral certainty is not always  unshakeable.  The acting, though slow-paced, gives the viewer deep insights  into the characters and their reactions to ambiguity.  It can be  comfortably and profitably paired with &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; as  part of the American understanding of war.  A truly excellent film.
B000002UB3|5.0|If you are thinking about buying this album, do not listen to all those people who say it is a bad album.  If you can't appreciate this album, you need some taste in music.  This is one of the best albums of all time.
0780625129|4.0|American History X is one of the years ten bests films and Edward Norton has given a performance of a life time which shouldve won the best actor award at the oscars. I should also note the very good performance from  Edward Furlong. But this film is a must see.
B000001Y42|5.0|First off I've been with Limp Bizkit from the start yes, you heard me before MTV and the radio totally ruined it by over playing &quot;Faith&quot;.  This is a really good cd just after hearing it over and  over you start to think the songs, they all sound the same.  Next, i don't  see a big relation between LB and KoRn i mean they both play heavy music  but Limp Bizkit is far more better than KoRn, it's more livly one up beat  and not depressing.  well lets just say if you like the new metal than this  cd is a must. p.s. Wes kicks total ass.
B00000IQV7|5.0|Anyone who does not immensely enjoy this movie is missing the meaning of life or is still too young to realize that they are mortal!  It does not matter if you agree with Patch Adams' persona or not, this movie  makes you  realize what is missing in the medical profession and that is personality  and compassion.  If the medical profession even met half way towards  Patch's outlook, there would be many more happy, and more importantly,  healthy people in this world.  Robin Williams was perfectly cast.  This  part was taylor made for him.  Many of my friends saw this movie, including  a couple of doctors, and thought it was one of the best movies they have  ever seen as did I.  The person above who keeps writing this was a stupid  movie needs to  go back to get his/her grade school degree and grow up or,  stick to the shoot em' ups where emotions are checked at the door.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I've had the pleasure of hearing 4 of the new songs of the new albem and I have to say they kick some major ass, but I haven't heard the whole CD so I'm not sure how much better or worse it is compared to 3 dollar bill yall$  but by what I've heard it gonna blow you away.
079213690X|5.0|One of my all time favorites.  Great action, beautifully-done period work, romance, universal message.  It's got everything. But, where's the DVD????
B000001DTM|5.0|Until this album was released, I was of the belief that Unforgettable Fire could not be surpassed as their finest effort.  I was wrong.  This must be the greatest rock album of the last 10 years.  ...And what an unbelievable  production.  Every track on this album is a classic and every song was  recorded with painstaking detail.  I have to say that the percussion on  this album plays such an important role in this success story. Larry  Mullen's efforts on this albums are first rate. Daniel Lanois must be  credited with much of this album's success.  Every time hear this album  (and I've listened to over 1000 times), I hear some new nuance that I  didn't hear before.  Edge truly shines on many tracks (desipte so much  production trickery), especially The Fly.  The guitar solo in The Fly may  be the greatest ever recorded.  Lanois had taken four average musicians and  transformed their tallents into true virtuosos.  This album (and U2) is  truly greater than the sum of its parts.  To see where this band has come  musically since Boy is truly amazing.  <br />Get this albums if you don't have  it!
6305470448|2.0|This is almost perfect but for a couple of dreadful scenes especially the ending it's quite not that good baby. So if you want a nosensible movie see Shakesphere In Love .
B00000J7JO|4.0|In today's music, to fuse rap, rock and funk has become a norm, so it has become rather tiresome (can you say Kid Rock), but these guys are the real thing!  Bought the album this morning. From the opening funk of Around the  world to the laid back melody of Scar Tissue, it feels like 1992 all over  again.  Other standouts;  Parallel Universe with Fleas' coolest bassline  and  their nod to the Mamas and the Pappas' California Dreaming; and  Otherside, maybe the Peppers most atypical song on the album.
0767819462|4.0|Stepmom has everything, drama,comedy,and even some suspense. THis is a remarkable mircolous movie. A very touching romantic dramtized movie . With splended acting, and very good story plots, I have to say to the director  Chris Columbus this is his finiest achievment since Mrs. Doubtfire.
0684874350|5.0|i really love your autotap  and can you tell me your new book comeing  out if thre is goning to be a autotap with that one to  jenny
0399143904|5.0|This book is perfect for you if you like action and adventure.  This book reminds me of Richard Marcinko's &quot;Rogue Warrior&quot; series and I highly reccomend them both.
6303965415|5.0|This is positively one of the most beautifully told love stories of all time--and thankfully, this film version does perfect justice to all of Jane Austen's subtle nuances. One is almost overwhelmed by heartwrenching scenes  of despair, deep sadness, and mortification, then buoyed by the hope of  tender longings and true love returned. The acting is quite simply superb:  Ciaran Hinds makes a dashing and intelligent Cptn. Wentworth,  long-suffering yet ever true; Amanda Root is touching as the spinster Anne  Elliot who, through hope, basic goodness and love, manages to get back some  of her lost youth and beauty; Corin  Redgrave portrays Anne's vain, foolish  father quite well; Fiona Shaw is perfect as the feisty, intelligent, and  very likable older sister of Frederick; and Sophie Thompson is wonderful as  Mary, Anne's annoying yet somehow sympathetic hypochondriac of a sister.  (My own response to those few who have complained that the lead characters  are too old to play lovers of 27/28 and 32: although these actors are a bit  older, it is no great stretch to visualize them as being those ages, given  the differences of appearance--makeup, hairstyles, dress, and carriage  chief among them--between now and the past. Look to portraits of the  period, and you often find a young person whom we would today guess to be  much older than their actual age.) I have nary a complaint for this  excellent film; watching it repeatedly only gives me new pleasures in  catching something subtle or sly I had not noticed before. Truly brilliant!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This Cd is absolutely great, and really reminds all the fans why Offspring became popular in the first place. Second to none album, which deserves all the attention it has been getting. Everyone who loved their Smash album,  must not miss this one.
B00000JG41|5.0|I too have heard this because of connections and I must say that everyone will be blown away by this album.  It takes on a much more mellow approach.  It is completely unlike Disco Volante.  A majority of the songs remind me  of 50's beach songs with the Mr. Bungle edge.  My favorite song would have  to be Ars Moriendi.  It reminds me a bit of Ma Meeshka Mow Skwoz only with  a Secret Chiefs 3 edge.  They keep getting better and better.  This will  probably be the first Bungle album to hit a majority of radio waves.  Definitely worth your money.
0446604844|5.0|Awesome!!  I highly recommend this book
0670881791|4.0|OK, maybe it just felt like I did -- the wonderful descriptions of the confections created by Vianne in her chocolaterie were that evocative. I read this book on vacation, and it proved to be the perfect escape.  Fanciful and suspenseful by turns, it held my interest from start to  finish. In fact, it was sufficiently transporting that I almost forgot I  was on a packed jet and in a drab airport. Lock up the Godiva and indulge  in this treat!
B000002VTE|5.0|OK just a few words. . .this is a bloody great album - a lot of people below me seem not to agree, but J Spaceman is a genius and it is reflected in his music. Buy this and make him richer.
6304117752|5.0|The SOUND OF MUSIC is one of the best movies ever made and once you have performed in the stage version &quot;(which isn't as good as the film) you will love it forever.I recommend anyone to see this
B00000J7S8|5.0|To anyone who adored the release Love Scenes, this recording tuggs just a little more on ones heart strings.  The only other vocalist that emits this sort of emotion, in my opinion was Helen Merril (especially on her  collaboration with Clifford Brown).  Krall gets truly intimate with the  music on &quot;When I Look into Your Eyes.&quot;  What makes this music so  great is that she also sings with a wry sense of humor that may be  described as a little bit devilish.  This is the kind of cd that makes you  want to find someone to kiss.
6304457383|5.0|Never before has my heart raced so fast.This movie of romance, suspense, action and drama deserved an Academy Award.You will love it so much you can't stop watching it.
0790729970|5.0|And don't forget about Cameron Diaz!  She is HOT in this, her screen debut!  Basically this is comic book stuff with special effects playing a prominent role.  There's some implied violence, but it's more-than-offset  by Carey's tremendous comedic talents.  Overall, a highly enjoyable movie  experience!
B00000JCRH|5.0|This is the best album ever made, all styles included. Metallica deliviers the best sound a band can offer on this album.  By far the best album I have in my collection
0783225210|4.0|This may have been a flawed film, but it really wasn't all that bad!  Some scenes are, in fact, hilarious!  But other parts are over-acted and overly-silly.  This movie is semi-based on a real incident that happened on  the west coast shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, when war-jitters  were at an all-time high!  A Japanese submarine really did surface off the  California coast and shell a refinery, doing minimal damage (it was  operational again within a day!)  This movie-version of that event expands  upon it, sometimes with hilarious results --- and sometimes not.  Still,  the production values are excellent, and it moves at a quick pace.  And if  you like swing-music from the World War II years you'll want to see it for  that alone!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This Cd is totally cool. It's better than Dude Ranch, and the titles kind of actually go with the songs.  I think it's also better than Chesire Cat and Buddha, trust me, it's so good.
6300216047|4.0|This otherwise terrible movie was SAVED by Jane's wonderful performance!  From that opening sequence, a very hot space strip tease, to her near-dalliance with the black queen (Note to producers: I'd have given this  one FIVE STARS if she and the black queen had actually made out!), this one  was Jane Fonda at her erotic best!  Why, oh why did she have to go all  wacko-radical on us during this period when she looked so darn GOOD?!!    I'll never forgive Hanoi for taking her away from us, those BASTARDS!!!
B000002GEV|5.0|Supertramp's &quot;Crime of the Century&quot; was the first record I ever bought (back in 1981), and for good reason.  For the Supertramp fan (or any fan of classic and progressive rock), this album encapsulates all that is  Supertramp (moving, multiple textures of music - electric, acousic,  orchestral; lyrics poetically spelling out their frustrations with modern -  back then - British society; great artwork; the first album with the  &quot;classic&quot; lineup and an overall package from School's harmonica  beginning to the title track's harmonica fade-out that entertains and  compels).  Just how great is it?  Seven of the album's eight tracks are  featured on the band's live album &quot;Paris&quot; recorded six years  later (that starts with, what else, &quot;School&quot; and ends with  &quot;Crime of the Century&quot;).  The only song not included live,  &quot;If Everyone Was Listening,&quot; is as significant as all the rest,  because each song transitions seamlessly to the other until what we are  left with as &quot;Crime of the Century&quot; fades to a starless black is  a musical experience that fuses everything in its existence so perfectly  that Supertramp would never duplicate it again.  Rick Davies' piano (best  heard on &quot;Rudy&quot;), Roger Hodgson's guitar (likewise &quot;Bloody  Well Right&quot;), Dougie Thomson's bass (&quot;School&quot;), Bob C.  Benberg's drums (&quot;Crime of the Century&quot;) and John Anthony  Helliwell's sax/clarinet (all of them) remind us that Supertramp was a  BAND, a concept so few groups could claim (then or since).  A classic and a  standard, an album that shaped my entire views on rock and roll and  influenced my every record purchased thereafter for years to come.
6305399212|5.0|&quot;Aliens&quot; is considered to be far better than the original &quot;Alien&quot;, but I've always thought both were excellent!  Where this series goes downhill is with the next two episodes --- both of which are  awful!  Still this second film in the series, is one heck of a scary  adventure, and very well produced!  For sci-fi terror, it just doesn't get  any better!
B000009ED0|4.0|He has a good mixture of hip-hop and rock. I love the CD,I listen to the songs 24-7. I recomend this CD.
B0000024K1|5.0|it is a great album , what more can i say
B00000J7S8|5.0|I fell in love with the sultry sound courtesy of Clint Eastwood movies...  can't wait for her Canadian tour in October
0783113943|5.0|In Gia, the story of a heroin addicted supermodel, Angelina Jolie gives the most honest and passionate performance ever portayed in a made for cable movie, or perhaps in any movie ever made.  You will relate to the  charecter from the start and never leave her side until the end.  I  definitely recommend this movie for anyone staying in for a weekend movie.
B000002BSG|5.0|I'm not huge on funk. In fact I'm more of a goth and industrial kind of person but I have to admit that this band really moves me! I'd definately recommend this cd to anyone! It's well worth the money....
0871137380|5.0|As a Marine grunt this book gives an excellent insight into high intencity ,low conflict situations our elite forces are dealing with.It also gives a great description  of a small battle that can happen anywhere at  anytime.The SpecOps community andMarine Corps  have been dealing with this  situation for over forty years .It's about time a modern version has come  about to show the fear ,bravery ,and over all fog of war which dominates  todays battlefield.This is a must read for anyone in the infantry or combat  arms field.
0375408266|4.0|This book was good, a good read, but it lacked something that would make it great.  It's thought provoking, but I don't see people getting much out of it unless they actually paid attention in High School English (as I did)  and can take the symbolism and style to the next level.  I almost was  talked out of reading this BECAUSE of the Oprah recommendation.
078062369X|5.0|I think the movie was the bomb! It had everything, fighting, death, killing,and coolspecialfx!
6305066345|4.0|I loved the movie overall but felt that the scences with denzel and the prostitute were completly unneccesary and brought down the movie.
6300247376|4.0|Old stone-face doesn't get any stonier than this.  He plays a trapper named Johnson (Canadian Rockies?, circa 1920s) who happens across a dog, half dead after a vicious dog fight, and takes it home and nurses it.  The  sleeze-ball owner, who sold the dog to Johnson, now has second thoughts and  leads a posse to kill the trapper and retrieve his dog.  After this goes  awry, they enlist the aid of the local constable (Lee Marvin as a Mountie?)  and the chase is on.  Although the basic plot is too hard to swallow, the  film has much to like, including some beautiful, rugged scenery and an  outstanding performance from Lee Marvin.  Between 1 and 10, \\"Death Hunt\\"  gets a marginal 7.
6302968143|5.0|I Love this movie!! It get's you into the Halloween spirit,plus if you live near Salem,you can check out some of the places where it was filmed.Great movie for kids and adults!!! I wish they would come out with a  sequel!! Vinessa Shaw isalso a nice piece of eye-candy!SWEET!!!
B000002U9E|5.0|This album is one of the greatest acheivments in rocknroll history (another one of these acheivments is &quot;The Dreaming&quot;...another Kate album). Songs like &quot;Running Up that Hill&quot;, &quot;Hello  Earth&quot; and &quot;Cloudbusting&quot; are prime examples of what Kate  Bush one of the greatest and most underrated artists of the century.
6305265488|5.0|This movie makes you fall in love with the main actor and truly like Drew Barrymore's work as an actress.  Everyone comes out shining in this movie.  Where can I find a guy like Dougray Scott? :)
044022165X|2.0|I had no cares for any of the people in this story.  This is boring and simple reading.  If this was the only Grisham I ever read, it would be the last.  People you are being too kind to this author.  He is turning out  junk by the minute.
B00000613T|5.0|Whoever said Boulez's Mahler is cold, that Mahler's creative sensibility is unsuitably uncongruent for Boulez's more intellectualized approach to music misses something. Boulez and Chicago obtain this incredibly warm  rounded sound,almost like it was sculpted. The first movement has all the  innocent charm available with the opening primordial  dawn with the duet  between the strings and the first horn. The second  movement&quot;Landler&quot; is suppose to evoke what we know of nature and  that this beauty is leaving the world, no city sounds here. And their  reading is well focused. I've heard conductors make this into a peasant  inebriation scene. The &quot;Rondo&quot; is the city and the fragmentation  of Mahler's conception is difficult to balance. Mahler was not Brahms he  did not possess the skill of motivic development .His richness of concept  comes linearly from moment to moment, and the emotive synergism that  imparts. There is a thread that runs through the orchestra despite its  fragmentation, an ellipsis,and reprises you don't expect, to snarling  brass. There is no shortage of dramatic verse here. I always find the brass  in Mahler the most problematic,their constitution must be as Boulez defines  them here, a warm rounded sound emanating from within the orchestra not  separated, no blating,no Wagnerian thunder. Mahler was a bit more refined  than that. The ending &quot;Adagio&quot; as well is impassioned. I think  Boulez's passion goes for the quality of the resonance of the sound, not  obvious contours where the phrase is played with, the melodic line  mimicking an Italian tenor. That is not Boulez,nor is it Mahler.
6300151379|5.0|It's too bad this movie is out of print. I'm a 16 year old guy, and i'm not ashmamed to tell anyone this is my favorite movie ever. I could watch it everyday and never get tired of it. The characters are all so easy to  like. The music's awesome too. There's just something magical about this  movie. I don't see how anyone could dislike it. It really needs to be  released again!!
B0000024JN|5.0|It's the best CD they've made you can listen to it for hours and it won't get boring, it kicks.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Well, the critics are right.  This isn't as punk as they used to be, but if you liked their previous records, you will like this one. They still have what it takes to make a great album. Best Songs: Aliens Exist, Going  Away to College, Adam's Song, All The Small Things, and The Party Song.   Keep it up Blink, even if you aren't still that punk, your music is still  great.
0553108034|5.0|I cannot say enough good things about this book. In most fantasy you get the idea that the  protagonists NEVER have to go to the bathroom, the bad guys are BAD and the good guys are GOOD. In this book none of the sides are  good. Even  some of the bad guys you can root for.<br />One of the bad guys is  Tyrion, a dwarf, his father hates him, his sister hates him, and his  brother hates him. He is still loyal to them, because he does not have a  choice. One wrong move on their part and he is dead, so he has to make sure  his family does not make any wrong moves.<br />Another character is a 12 year  old girl, Araya. She has been taught how to fight with a sword. In a normal  fantasy novel she would kick butt and take names. In this one she finds out  that six foot six men in armor weighting hundreds of  pounds can normally  beat a fifty pound girl with  a short sword.<br />Thoughout the book, what you  expect to happen, doesn't. Noble causes do not always win. Not all men  serving a noble cause are nice guys. Not all evil men are totally Evil.
6303637493|5.0|Anyone who loves romance would love this movie.  Anyone who loves opera, or even music for that matter, will love this film.  Not only is the music marvelous, but the writting, acting, and costumes are sublime.  I have not  seen this in a translated version, so I can not comment other than that the  original is one of the greatest films I have ever seen, a must see for  those who prefer a small budget foreign film over the multi-million dollar  garbage that filters out of Hollywood.
0553573403|5.0|We sometimes forget that wars have been fought over who will sit his a**on a throne. In this one the popular usurper dies while his kid is  young and untested.<br />A kingdom that has been held together by strong, effective  leadership shatters. The hates  expressed by various Houses are old and  deep. No one is totally free of self serving  ambition in this book.<br />This book is really a stage setting book for the next volume. It just  takes your breath away with its detail and the background that is given.  You understand why everyone is fighting, but you cannot really agree with  them.<br />Asimov could not develop a character to save his life, but his  plots were first rate. This author does character development and plot  development that are as believable as life.  People start out to go to one  place and wind up  in another. Long laid plans fail, because  the planners  wanted some things to be true that could NEVER be true.<br />In closing I want  to say that all people who do evil are NOT Evil. It is possible for noble  and just men to serve Evil and unjust causes. It is also possible for the  most vile and dispicable  person to serve a just cause.
6304570244|5.0|This movie is truly one of best the movies Mel Gibson has ever made.  He effectively shows the audience how a father brought to a point of desperation, will do what ever is necessary to save his kidnapped son.  It  truly is a movie deserving of a five star rating.
6300216268|5.0|Reading the other reviews, there seems to be a consensus that this movie has touched many people in very strong and inexplicable ways.  It is no different for me.  What I find interesting about this film, though, is that  it touches me differently depending on the stage of life I am in.  When I  first watched this film twenty years ago as a high school student, my  connection to the film came primarily through Harold's experiences. Now I  find myself connecting much more strongly to Maude's experiences.  <br />It's  wonderfully moving, charmingly funny, and always filled with hope and love  and kindness.
6301016289|1.0|Utterly, absolutely inept.  No film ever made is as completely awful as this one.  A laughable, by-the-numbers script, containing cliche after cliche, and silly atrocious dialogue that strains for cleverness and depth  but sounds like misheard Ed Wood quotations.<br />Bad performances from actors  who don't know any better (Charlie Sheen, Michael Douglas).  Sad  performances from fine actors who seem to be rather embarassed about their  participation in this trash (Martin Sheen, Hal Holbrook, Terence Stamp).  <br />Another lousy flick from Oliver Stone.  Avoid it.  Unless you want some  nasty laughs at the expense of the poor people involved, a la Showgirls.
B00000J7JO|4.0|On the whole this is an excellent album.  The problem people may have is that it is not BSSM.  Face it they have just got back together and while this album is very...very good, Their best stuff lies ahead.  Pay attention  as John slips you back into the early 70's with his Big Guitar sound  reminiscent of Clapton, page , Hendrix.  I did want more (quantity) of funk  tunes..but there were several there. I loved Scar Tissue, Porcelain, Emit  Remmus, I like Dirt, Savior and This velvet glove.  Excellent Album...John  is now on par with Lifeson, Page in my book..(not an exaggeration)
0385493800|4.0|After finishing the last page of The Testament, my feeling was Wow! What a  great book!  I loved the adventure of it all and how Mr. Grisham took us  away from the courtroom for most of the book. It will make a GREAT movie
B00000J7JO|5.0|After listening to this album a few times, I have come to realize that these are some of the most powerful and emotional songs that they have written.  This is true especially in the case of &quot;Otherside&quot; and  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;.  &quot;Otherside&quot; may be the best song they  have ever written.
630534731X|4.0|There actually is no need to preamble this movie with &quot;Keep in mind when this movie was made ... &quot;  The Black Hole looks great for any decade.  Coming off the heels of Star Wars, this movie took the daring step  of being a dark and sinister vision, rather than key-lit eye-candy.  It is  a masterpiece of set design, and the score (remember the Overture at the  beginning) is ambitious and grand.  The acting?  It rises to the hokey  script and that is good enough.  This is sci-fi, not Arthur Miller ... it's  people running around firing laser pistols.  This movie is a terrific  vision and an arresting movie.  No apologies necessary.
B000002UA5|5.0|Awkward, bizzare, mystical, trippy, and strange, are the simplest words that can be used to describe this album.  Like the Final Cut years later, this album takes its listener on a wild and deep ride through the human  mind and plays games with it along the way.  Definetly an a true 'mind  expander/enhancer'.  A true masterpiece.
B000000OSW|5.0|For a long time now, I have been compiling nearly all of Peter Gabriel's authorized recordings since the first Genesis album, but for some reason I waited until recently to purchase US.  Well, more fool me: it is, in my  humble opinion, his best ever solo album, one of the few albums I've ever  heard that is amazing from start to finish.  One thing though--don't expect  every song to sound like the hit song 'Steam' because that is really the  only straightforward 'rock' song on the album (even 'Kiss that Frog' kind  of has an odd rythem to it).  You will, however, lose yourself in moving  songs like 'Only Us', 'Secret World', and the astonishingly beautiful  'Blood of Eden' with Sinead O'Conner on backups (when you here this song,  you'll almost forgive her for being such an idiot).  'Digging in the Dirt'  is still my favorite though, if for no other reason than the striking  contrast between the beauty of the chorus and the violence of the rest of  the song.  Oh, but Genesis fans will be happy to know that I still prefer  The Lamb.
0790729628|5.0|The directors cut ending spoils the show for me. I give the original version 6 stars if it were on DVD.  This is a fine example of how you can spoil a classic movie.
B0000026WD|5.0|If you like not good but GREAT music then this album is for you.  I am not going to say anything else, just buy it and you'll see.
6302413931|5.0|This is a powerful and intense movie, that relentlessly shows the pain of war and the evil of man.  The making of the movie is just as insane as the movie itself.  This is one of the most memorable and well thought-out  movies ever.  It contained everything that a truly great movie needs,  powerful acting(which was helped by Sheen and Brando, and all the members  of the Street Gang pt boat), amazing camera shots and colors, humor,  emotion, and a killer song to almost tell the story itself, The End.
B000006O7C|5.0|EVERY TIME I HEARD HIS MUSIC PLAYING. GRACE WAS MY INTRODUCTION TO HIS PROFOUND TALENT TO SAY EXACTLY WHAT I WAS FEELING AT THAT TIME. AND EVERMORE. IT TRULY PAINS ME TO NOT HAVE SEEN HIM LIVE.HIS MUSIC WILL  PROSPER IN MY LIFE AS A FATHER, A HUSBAND, AND MUSICIAN.THANK YOU JEFF.
0788811002|4.0|Tell you the truth, the music and the animation in the first video were much more better, i ended up seeing it over and over again. The new video did not bring the same sensation. However, i liked it simply because of its  ending. The new guy is better than John Smith. I am glad that Pocahantas  eneded up with him.
B00000BKDS|5.0|Reviewer Mark Blake obviously either doesn't like the band he's reviewing or he thinks that, in order to be a &quot;good&quot; critic, you must talk some trash.  Well, this first Maiden album is pure genious from start to  finish, and even if &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; and &quot;Powerslave&quot;  have a couple of sour notes, they never &quot;tread water&quot;.  The Best  song on the eponymous Maiden album is &quot;Strange World&quot;, followed  closely by &quot;Remember Tomorrow&quot; .  Nevertheless, Every song on  here absolutely rocks!  Up the Eternal Irons!!
B000001E21|5.0|This is absolutely one of the most underrated CDs I have. I think it's a cryin' shame they decided to focus on releasing singles of the two sappy ballads.  Meanwhile, the world never got to hear the GREAT songs on the  rest of this CD.  I like power metal ballads of the 80s, but these fall way  short.  Meanwhile, &quot;Desert Song&quot; starts off this CD with a big  bang. What a tremendous tune all around. &quot;From the Inside&quot; was  done with three members of the band Hothouse Flowers, and is a reminder  that a slow, acoustic song doesn't have to be overly-sentimental mush. Both  songs are a little different for DefLep, but certainly not in any cliche  way.  Then you have the B-sides to the Hysteria singles, like the  &quot;Ride Into the Sun&quot; remix, and the &quot;I Wanna Be Your  Hero&quot; ... Finally, &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; is one of the Lep's best  songs EVER. To this day, I am flabbergasted it got left off the Hysteria  album.  It's a shame the public never got to hear these songs as singles.
6302720419|5.0|I think this movie is the BEST movie ever made by Stephen King. It is put together brilliantly by a very talented group of people. The kids acted their parts out perfectly. It gave me chills just watching it.This movie is  and always will be my favorite movie of all time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0812550706|1.0|I felt the book was good.  Yet I don't understand the star system here...Oh well.  Hope I didn't throw off the average.   I liked battle school.
B000005H55|1.0|I suppose this is a &quot;great&quot; recording from the perspective of an accomplished musician, but it isn't easy to listen to (nor is it enjoyable) for an untrained but enthusiastic listener like me.
6301773551|4.0|Yes, it's a space opera.  Yes, it's at times corny.  Yes, the effects are slightly dated.  SO THE HECK WHAT!  This film is escapist fare at its finest, and if you let yourself get into it, you WILL be transported to a  galaxy far, far away.  This original Star Wars movie -- unlike a certain  modern prequel -- doesn't get so enamored with special effects and visuals  that it loses sight of the characters.  You truly come to care about Luke,  Han, Leia, Obi-wan et al.  The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is that  the movie does lose something on home video.  NO television or even home  theater system can EVER match the feeling of watching that Star Destroyer  rumble overhead on the big screen.
B00000F5KH|5.0|We can't write a review about Central Station without focusing in Fernanda Montenegro. After watching this movie I kept thinking how come she lost the Oscar for the cute-but-not-so-talented Gwyneth Paltrow. There are no  comparisons... Montenegro's performance as Dora - an old lady that develops  a frienship with a boy - is one of the best I've ever seen. But Central  Station is more than that. It's a great oportunity for the Americans to  discover the emergent Brazilian Cinema.
6300151379|5.0|To whom this may concern or include: Please. For the love of God rerelease this. where The Dark Crystal's special effects went low, this filled it in. When Legend left us empty and confused, this was here. I have checked with  literally every retailer and flea market in the state and cannot find this  movie. So please. As a fan of EVERY fantasy movie ever, please rerelease  this.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This Album is really good, a little too mellow for my taste.  Not as good as Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magik or Mother Milk, but it is a good effort.  With the return of Frusciante the Chili peppers sound &quot;right&quot; again.
B000002UAX|5.0|Some people seem to wonder why this album was not pared down to one record instead of two. I would understand this argument if the Beatles had overextended themselves to the point of releasing bad material. However,  this is simply not the case. Their mastery of a vast horizon of styles was  and is breathtaking. Their sense of comedy and fun is as prevalent as their  senses of touching, beautiful, experimental, or gritty. Their grasp of  melodies and moods, from the outrageous to the sublime, is uncanny. If you  don't like every song it is because the Beatles' pantheon of tastes  extended beyond your own. You owe it to yourself to try to keep up with  them. As for the reviewer below who claims to have liked one fifth of the  songs, it is possible to respect a song without liking it; furthermore, it  is not possible on Amazon to give an album zero stars, therefore you may  want to upgrade your review to two stars. One star should be reserved for  albums you don't like at all in any way.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman's newest release 'Eden'is just as wonderful as can be expected from one of the truly great artists of our time. She mixes pop,classical and haunting new versions of film scores(Titanic,The Mission  and The English Patient). Though this CD does not show off her complete  vocal range in being less classical in focus than 'Time To Say Goodbye', it  does show another facet of her exquisite soprano voice. Also her taste in  music is virtually flawless on this album.All the songs have  beauty,atmosphere,good orchestrations and are incredibly enjoyable to  listen to again and again. A real must for any admirer of Ms.Brightmans, or  any admirer of good music.
B00000DCHE|5.0|I can't even begin to imagine how many times I've listened to this CD.  Every single song is worthwhile.  My favorites are &quot;You're My Home&quot; (one of the best love songs ever), &quot;Say Goodbye to  Hollywood&quot; (the live version is a thousand times better than the  original from Turnstiles), and &quot;I've Loved These Days&quot; (the  lyrics bring to mind my senior year of college).  If I'm alone in the  house, I always find myself singing along.  This album is GUARANTEED to put  you in a great mood.  There simply is nothing better!
0451160916|5.0|THIS IS STILL ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITE NOVELS. IT'S A BIT HARD TO UNDERSTAND IN THE BEGINNING, BUT IF YOU READ CLOSE ENOUGH YOU WILL FEEL THAT YOU ARE ONE OF THE FAMILY. IT'S A MUST READ.
0880389052|5.0|I could provide a long description of how much I enjoyed this book by Salvatore, but you could be one page into the book if you'd buy it and start reading.  This I highly recommend.  :)
B00000IPAX|5.0|From what I can gather, the people who do not like this CD are comparing it to previous Blink 182 collections.  I listened to clips on Amazon and I did not appreciate their previous work at all.<BR><BR> In contrast, I think  that Enema of the State is the best CD of the year.  Many of the songs do  have a similar sound so you are likely to like the CD a lot or not at all.   What's My Age Again is their big radio hit but I most enjoyed learning the  words to the Party Song -- try singing that one at a karaoke bar!
6301562925|5.0|Halloween 5 was a pretty good movie. My problem with it was they didn't think it over to well. I mean they rushed into theaters so quick after part 4, this movie seems like it was made just to make money. I mean they turned  the franchise in a wierd way. I mean Michael all of a sudden has a  telepathic bond with his neice? The Myers house went from normal size to   mansion size. And the characters are paper thin. The teenagers in this film  are obviously just put in the movie to be slashed up by Michael. And they  killed off Rachel! The only real interesting teen. I mean the producers  made this movie like a Friday the 13th. I thought Michael is supposed to go  after and try to kill his family? In this movie he ditches Jamie and trys  to kill teenagers for more than an hour of the movie. And this man in  black/thorn cult was a really dumb idea. This movie needed to try to be  like the original. Not confusing the mythology. But the movie is still  interesting and the ending is entertaining at the Myers house but the true  ending of the movie still leaves you wondering. This movie could have been  a lot better, but is okay since you have to realize that this sequel  concentrated more about the money rather than a real plot. But if  your a  true fan like me, you'll still enjoy this.
0553577123|5.0|Reading through the reviews of Anne Frank's Diary, I saw several complaints about its 'dullness' or 'repetitiveness'.  I think that people often forget, to some extant, that Anne's diary was not meant to be a piece  of literature.  It was meant to be her diary, and nothing more.  However,  it is an amazing piece of writing.  Anne was obviously a talented writer.  Her diary is a beautiful story, one that mingles hope and despair.  Although her diary ends abruptly, when she is taken by the Nazis, it still  provides an amazing picture of Jews in hiding during WW2.  Anne's diary is  not one narrow escape and adventure after another.  It wasn't meant to be.  It was &quot;The unbosomings of a school-girl&quot;.  However, it gives an  amazingly clear picture of her life and times.  I believe that this book is  a classic . . . Read it!
0767817478|5.0|Yes, the critics slammed this movie.  Yes it lacked any worthwhile dialogue.  But it was a Godzilla movie!  Why were expectations so high for the acting and dialogue?  The money involved might be a good excuse, but  come on.  Give credit where credit is due.  This movie was way better than  any previous Godzilla movie for the simple fact that Godzilla wasn't  restricted in movement.  The monster wasn't some guy in a rubber suit,  wasn't anyway animatronic in its motions.  As for plot and dialogue, that's  kinda hard to get when the main character is a CGI without the capability  of speech!  The purpose of people developed into characters at all was to  say &quot;Hey, this is what's happening!&quot; to all the people enthralled  by the size and motions of Godzilla in the first place.  This movie should  rightly be compared to the original King Kong for the amount of sympathy  you feel for the creature at the end.  Deserves a sequel although that most  likely won't happen.
6305268835|3.0|This movie certainly didn't live up to the hype.  Sure, it had it's hilarious moments, which is why it's worth seeing.  The main problem with this movie is that the character Sandler plays is way too stupid.  At times  the movie is absolutely annoying and not funny.  Not worthy of Billy  Madison, The Wedding Singer, and of course Happy Gilmore.  I've got a  feeling that Sandler's next movie, &quot;Big Daddy&quot; is going to be  hilarious.  Anyway, that's it.  I'm outta here.
630505116X|5.0|This movie was hailed by many critics for poking fun at itself. I admit at some parts it did just that but that is not what makes it so endearing.  The fact that it takes the age old formula for a monster movie and sticks  to its guns all the way through isn't it either.  This movie is so great  because it's fun to watch!  The one liners were good, the effects were  awesome, the story was intriguing, and the overall effect was  &quot;Wow!&quot; If you haven't seen it do so.  By the way this movie was  directed by the same guy who did the recent remake of &quot;The Mummy&quot;  which is also an excellent movie.
0780625129|4.0|Don't think too hard about this film, because if you do, you'll soon realize that the story is pretty much implausible. Instead, suspend your disbelief, and allow yourself to believe Ed Norton's finely crafted  performance and be absolutely blown away.
6304437137|3.0|The fifth story in Battlestar Galactica's TV run, Gun On Ice Planet Zero is an entertaining mix of the movies The Guns of Navarone, The Dirty Dozen, Ice Station Zebra, and Tobruk.  The plot (involving an original story that  was heavily rewritten) has some problems, but they don't really affect the  episode's entertainment value, boosted once again by the superb primary  cast of Richard Hatch, Dirk Benedict, and Herb Jefferson Jr., and here ably  backed by guest stars Roy Thinnes (The Invaders), Christine Belford,  veteran film heavy Richard Lynch, James Olsen (Andromeda Strain, Commando),  Denny Miller, Britt Ekland, and Dan O'Herlihy (Fail Safe).<br />The Cylons  have pincered the Fleet into a &quot;safe&quot; passage of space, orbiting  near a small, ice-covered planetoid.  The reason becomes clear when a  patrol of Colonial vipers approaches the moon; it contains a pulse-energy  laser cannon, covering the entire summit of a mountain, with pinpoint  accuracy and the power to destroy any ship in one burst.  The Cylon  garrison commander, First Centurion Vulpa (distinguished by the golden hue  of his armor, a trait found only in himself and other command Cylons),  orders two vipers destroyed and a third captured.  Starbuck and Boomer  cannot save young cadet Cree from Cylon capture, and his overpowering guilt  at the incident drives Starbuck to contrive to join a raiding force  composed of ex-warriors jailed for a variety of malfeance.  Leader of this  group of gridrats is Croft (Thinnes), bitter over being jailed for stealing  Cylon gold in a raid.  He is aided by hulking &quot;one-man task  force&quot; Wolfe (Lynch), Thane (Olsen), and Croft's estranged wife Leda  (Belford); Leda has the best line of the show; &quot;To have Croft and  myself in the same place at the same time invites disaster.&quot;<br />The  raiding party is shot down by Cylon raiders and barely succeeds in using a  snowram (a personnel carrier mounted with lasergun) to blast one out of the  sky; the sequence of the Cylon attack on the landing party is the highlight  of Part One.  But salvation arrives in the form of a race of clones, or  Theta-class lifeforms, as one of the female clones (Britt Ekland plays the  females, known as Tennas, while Denny Miller plays the heavily-bearded  males, whose leader is known as Ser 5-9) pointedly says.<br />The Thetas were  born of the same process that led to the creation of the Cylon laser  cannon; they were created by a human scientist, Ravoshol (O'Herlihy), who  works for the Cylons because they allow him to continue his  experimentation.  Most Thetas are now Cylon slaves, and when Apollo points  this out in a heated exchange with Ravoshol, the scientist scoffs, until  Apollo reveals that dissident Thetas have been bearing children.  The  scientist now realizes the wrongfulness of aiding the Cylon empire, and  helps the Colonial raiding force.<br />But the ex-cons want out, and as they  scale the mountain with the pulsar, they pull their guns on Apollo.   Meanwhile, Starbuck bolts the main group to try and find Cree, certain that  the Cylons still have him alive.<br />The race against time as the Cylons  begin blasting away at space as the Galactica's fleet strives to escape the  incoming base stars of Baltar is grippingly portrayed, and complete the  solidification of this episode.
6305363668|4.0|Everyone who misses the voice-over narration, listen up. Number one, Harrison Ford sounded bored, stiff, and uninterested in what he was describing, which is pretty curious, all things considered. Number two, it  was redundant, and reminded me of what happens in comic books, when the  superhero has a thought balloon that describes what he's doing as he's  doing it (&quot;And now I'll use my x-ray vision to reveal the location of  Lex Luthor's hidden base.&quot;) Nobody thinks (or talks) that way. The  idea that Deckard might be a replicant is, I think, hinted at strongly in  this one, more strongly than in the original. Why would Edward James Olmos'  character leave a unicorn origami except if he knew that Deckard had memory  implants that would produce a unicorn dream? He wanted to let Deckard know  what he is. How does Batty know Deckard's name? And why, near the very  beginning, does Deckard insist on ordering the usual at the sushi bar (or  whatever) and the guy is like, &quot;Who are you? What usual?&quot; My  theory is that Deckard is that replicant who got &quot;caught in an  electrified field&quot; at the Tyrell corporation. They took him,  &quot;reprogrammed&quot; him (or whatever) and turned him loose. That's why  his boss is so... creepy. &quot;I need you, Deckard. I need the old Blade  Runner magic.&quot; Does that ring true in any way? The only problem, as I  see it, with the idea that he's a replicant is why is he so physically  inferior? He can't jump far, or run very fast, he's not particularly  strong, and Pris (a &quot;pleasure model&quot;) beats the stuffing out of  him. I can't really reconcile that.
6305265488|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  It is rare when you find a modern movie that brings out the flavor of the old world with such compassion and joy.  Drew Barrymore shines in this movie, but I was particularly struck by the  portrayal of Prince Henry by Dougray Scott.  It can't be easy to play the  typical &quot;Prince Charming&quot;, but Dougray makes Henry live, complete  with his little self-depricating laugh when Danielle makes him see what he  could do as King.  Wonderful movie.  Get it today!
B000002UR7|4.0|If you've &quot;done Radiohead backwards&quot; as one reviewer here aptly put it, you'll come out of the sonic wall wondering if it could possibly get any better.  It can, but brace yourself; Pablo Honey is muted, raw, and  young.  It does have wonderful high-points.  One  (not much mentioned here)  is Thinking About You.  This song is so quiet you may miss it at first.   Try again.  The lyric--a typical I'm- left-behind plaint--is treated with  respectful understatement.  Yorke's voice shows the ghost of its future,  older beauty.  The guitars are soft and relentlessly passionate. There is  not an ounce of fat here, no maudlin explosion.  Just an exquisite melody,  quietly played.  A very, very humane song.   There are other high-points on  Pablo Honey, including an ear-candy bridge in Vegetable, proving that RH  were--even years ago--masters of the lush hook.   And yes, there's the bald  honesty and that jagged, flanged guitar in Creep. So, okay, buy Pablo Honey  for Creep, if you must.  Go ahead: trace their &quot;roots.&quot; But  listen to  Thinking about You.  Despite the brilliance yet to come, they  haven't written anything this simple, aching, and sexual since.
0780625129|5.0|This excellent film shows a side of life that far too few of us are aware of but that exists in our nation, even in small towns with no inner cities. I once lived in a town with NO African-American population, yet it was a  hot bed of bigotry and even a few KKK, though most everyone in town had  never even had contact with a black person!  This source of bigotry and  haterd is brought out in the film--when Derek (Edward Norton) has to work  and get to know a black man in prison, his hatred begins to break down.   Bigotry and prejudice feed on ignorance.  Unfortunately, the story also  tells how once begun, hate can take on a life of its own and even the best  of intentions to amend ones life cannot put an end to the hatred created.   The performance by Edward Norton deserved his Oscar nomination and probably  the award itself.  He shows himself to be a multi-faceted young actor and  certainly one of the great actors of the future.  Edward Furlong's  performance was also suberb.  A great film, disturbing in its reality (that  many of us deny is there because we don't see it in our own lives.)
1558908846|5.0|It is not in a DTS, but if you like spectacular sound Judge Dred is one of the best so far.  I own almost thirty DVD titles, but this is the one I love to show to everyone who come to visit me.  I rate ten stars for this  title.  I don't care about the story line.  What do you out of your DVD?   Isn't it sound or picture quality? Two thumbs up for Sylvester Stallone.   Why haven't him made any more movies?
0790733226|4.0|&quot;Contact&quot; is a truly a cerebral film that juxtaposes a dependence on science against a belief in Faith. Then, almost without you realizing, it turns this premise around on itself. A wonderful film, packed  full of visual symbolism (wow, those colors are everywhere!), it strives  for true thought provocation in its audience, only to wimp out with the  &quot;18 hours of static&quot; video conference scene at the end. This  scene dumps an answer into the laps of all the imbiciles who can't think  for themselves or travel the road to a true personal reconciliation between  one's faith and one's science, which is where the movie was taking us. Four  stars for the effort, but not quite. &quot;Contact&quot; was sooooo  close....
630460288X|5.0|What else can I say about this wonderful album?  I am a fan of Sylvester Stallone, but this review does not have anything to do with him.  I love this one after Judge Dred because it is very funny and full of action and  dynamic sound.  Muscle bound charactor and pretty Sandra Bullock.  I love  it.
0385493800|3.0|When I picked up the book, I thought &quot;Oh, boy! A good weekend read&quot;  I was excited to get started and get into it...and it was good, just not typical Grisham.  I was looking for the twist at the end, where  someone turns up with a key file or a key witness or a key something else  that the plot pivots on and that trademarks Grisham novels.  But I think  the author is evolving abit. (And don't we all change!?) Even Street Lawyer  had the departure from the pursuit of $$$...and so did this one.  I liked  the switch, it just wasn't what I expected.
6303972810|5.0|This movie is brilliant, little willow is so charming, and Val...DAMN..HOT....and I, as others have been searching, and tried to find this movie everywhere... I have waited weeks, months, even years to get  it...Do us fans a favour, rerelease it...I don`t think you`ll regret  that...I apologize for my bad english.. See yaa...!!!
6302150930|5.0|How could this film not be available on DVD, along with Polanski's Rosemary's Baby?
B000002HRE|3.0|those of you who have seen my previous review will either disagree completely or think, &quot;hey, he's gotta point&quot;. Well, I've changed my mind. Sure, it's certainly not the best album ever and not for everyone,  and I will agree that 80's metal is generally better than 90's metal(take a  look at two Iron Maiden songs, Aces High and Clansman. Clansman is sh*,  largely because it was written 10 years later) but this is still a good  album, and you can't deny that feul kicks a**. And take a look at bands  like Nirvana and Offspring. Sure, they're grunge and not metal, but they  are largey 90's bands. I would give it 3 and a half stars rather than 3,  but it's not good enough to get 4. That said, it is a fairly good album,  especially compared to all that modern Britpop (i have a 12 year old  sister, I can't avoid it). Just, if you're new to MetallicA and have just  bought this album, don't be put off (although Iron Maiden are better  anyway);-)
B00000J8EK|5.0|I remember back in the day when the chemical brothers were just two guys struggling to create a new fascinating genre in dance music.  Well, now after DYOH, the genre has encapsulated all dance music nowadays. Every DJ  or electronic musician today is in some way or another a Chemical-Clone.  I'm sure the brothers wish their big beats still remained underground  territory, but now with Fatboy Slim dominating the pop music charts, and  the Chemicals being slathered over every commercial advertisement campaign  out there, who hasn't been exposed to this music? So what do you do now  that you've created a monster that has turned on you?  You create a whole  new genre.  Surrender is a dazed, euphoric hang-over of an album.  Big Beat  is abandoned for a &quot;pop-like&quot; house rhythms and trance-inspired  atmospherics.  They borrow anything and inject it with careful precision.  Sometimes the celebrity vocal tracks annoy, especially &quot;Out of  Control&quot;. However, the Chemical Brothers remain focused and deliver a  dance album which pokes fun of the entire Big Beat genre.  They  occasionally squeeze in the occasional hard break, but never really develop  a beat oriented song.  The tracks on this album are surprisingly rooted in  the harmony of the rhythms and the blend of styles. The dance floor  element, however, is still in full effect. Thank God. No doubt, The  Chemical Brothers are the dance floor geniuses of the decade.  This IS the  soundtrack of the millenium.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica the most versital and coolest band ever delivers yet agai
6302043158|4.0|The unfortunate thing about this film is that it lives under the shadow of The Who's rock album of the same name. While the movie contains some songs from the album, and shares some characters with the album's liner story by  Pete Townshend, the movie is different and unique enough to stand alone  quite nicely, thank you. It really has nothing to do with multiple  split-personalities, either. The visual images of working-class London are  striking and memorable, but the language and content are pretty rough. The  strong violence and drugs will turn some people off. What sex there is, is  deliberately patheic rather than erotic. This movie takes you into an  intensely crafted world of disillusionment and self-doubt. If you've ever  been there in your own life, you will find bittersweet beauty in the way  this film has put deeply personal emotions on the screen without being  contrived or preachy. If you've never felt those feelings yourself, you  might not enjoy the ride.
0780624157|5.0|I have this video and it is tight.You should see the great matches like Hulk Hogan VS. Ric Flair (Steel Cage Retirement Match),Hulk Hogan VS. the Giant,Hollywood Hogan VS. Macho Man Randy Savage, Hollywood Hogan VS. Rowdy  Roddy Piper(Steel Cage Match),Sting Scott Steiner Rick Steiner and El  Gigante VS. Vader The Butcher Cactus Jack and Diamond Studd(The Chamber of  Horrors Match)were just Toooooooooooooooooooo Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|THIS MOVIE ROCKS!! This movie truly has everything: action, comedy, and romance. Movies don't get much better than this. This film is definitely on my list of top 5 favorite movies of all time. Anyone who is a fan of  science fiction, action, or comedy movies should go out and purchase this  film immediately. It is well worth it.
6305165912|1.0|This movie was very disappointing.  After so many good reviews I thought it just had to be great. Just shows you you cant rely on public opinion ! The non-stop foul language didn't help either.  I suppose the script writer  was struggling to come up with words to fill out the incredibly inane  script.
B00000ILDE|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS AWESOME!!!! It is an incredible suspense film as well as a hardcore action picture. This is by far the best of the &quot;Alien&quot; films. I commend James Cameron on his action moviemaking. This is a  must-have for any fan of action films.
B000002IOW|1.0|Let's face it, anyone who is a Rush fan realizes that this is their weakest cd ever. The overall sound is too polite and the band has obviously soured on it as well, considering that on their last tour, they did not  play a single song off this cd. Granted &quot;Scars&quot; is a very good  song and there are other songs that could have been really good had the  sound not been so weak. The bass is very soft-sounding and the guitar is  way too sparkly at times. I'm giving this cd 1 star only because Rush is  capable of so much more, as they have proven since with &quot;Roll The  Bones&quot;(3 stars), &quot;Counterparts&quot;(5 stars) and even &quot;Test  For Echo&quot;(2 stars).
6302054982|4.0|An excellent detailed look at life in the mob. Scorcese starts off showing the wise guys as one big happy family with lots of money to burn but we are soon shown what vicious murdering vermin they are (particularly the  characters portrayed by DeNiro and Pesci]. Some have complained that the  film is overlong but I found this picture of almost absolute evil  completely absorbing. It has  the same sort of fascinaton that watching  reptilian predators trying to destroy each other would have.
B000009VOL|4.0|Many previous reviewers seem to have complained that Cat Power's most recent effort at understated indie rock is underdeveloped, lazy, and that the songs are very similar.  Well, alright, but isn't that the point?  Why  exactly is a stark sound of sadness considered unfavorable and  characteristic of a less-than-excellent record?  After all, can anyone  really imagine Cat Power singing happy, upbeat pop songs backed by lush  keyboards and chiming guitars?  Some may prefer energizing rock music over  her haunting lamentation, and some may prefer polar variety over very  atmospheric &quot;mood music,&quot; but no one can deny that Cat Power  seems to have succeeded in her endeavors.  (Anyway, who are we to decide  whether her album was a success or a failure?)<br />After listening to all of  &quot;Moon Pix&quot; once, it's easy to write it off as &quot;boring,&quot;  &quot;ethereal,&quot; &quot;repetitive,&quot; &quot;underdeveloped,&quot;  &quot;weak,&quot; etc.  But you will find (as I did) that, after repeated  listens, some songs are very memorable, and others will strike you in a  certain personal way: perhaps &quot;Metal Heart&quot; will affect you the  way as did your conversation last summer at the church picnic with that  widower who had had a near-death experience; perhaps &quot;American  Flag&quot; reminds you of that quiet skinny girl you knew in high school;  perhaps those first few lines of &quot;Colors and the Kids&quot; perfectly  voice the opinions you held as a teenager living in Nashville, dissatisfied  with the music scene there, and perhaps &quot;You May Know Him&quot; brings  back unusually fond memories of those times despite the unhappiness in  which you wallowed.<br />Hell, that's what Moon Pix did to me.<br />(And I'm not  even sixteen years old yet.)
6304118392|2.0|Oliver Stone is a man of little imagination and even less intelligence. Here's the message of &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot;:  Tabloid TV is bad.  Mass murder is bad.  Child abuse is bad. Cops are bad.  Native Americans  are good.  Let's add some funky camera tricks to make this banality artful.   Here is the message:   See Dick run.  Run, Dick, run.  Run, run, run.  Crap!
6301966015|5.0|Have you ever felt that you could not tell the difference between what is reality and what is illusion?  There is a fine line between the two and this film illustrates just how fine that distinction can be. Beautifully  photographed in vivid colors, the film is a view back to the swinging 60's.   Antonioni's amazing use of sound is extraordinary and the crux of the film  lies in the last scene.  Be aware of the audio during the last few minutes  and you will grasp the meaning of it all.
6304117752|5.0|This is the perfect family movie.  Filmed near Saltzberg, Austria it has breath-taking footage of the beautiful Bavarian Mountains.  When they filmed this they had to wait for just the right moments because it is  always cloudly in Europe! Overall, Julie Andrews is the best!!
B0000070SN|5.0|I think few Hawkwind fans would dispute that Space Ritual is the best Hawkind album ever.  The re-release is a first class job in terms of art work, the mix and the removal of the breaks put into the original version.   The only downside is that it's not cheap.
068815333X|3.0|I've read several of Dennis Lehane's books including Sacred, A Drink before the War and Gone, Baby, Gone.  All were much better than his most recent effort, Prayers for Darkness. Best was Gone, Baby, Gone.  I don't  know if he was rushing to get out another book or what, but  &quot;Prayers&quot; just wasn't up to Lehane standards.  I know he can do  better.  Plot seemed too contrived &amp; characters lacklustre.  Try again  Dennis.
B00000DFRS|3.0|I had not been compelled to buy the cd based upon the first 2 single releases, &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot; and &quot;It's not Right, but it's ok&quot;, but I heard a deejay in Detroit play &quot;I Learned from the  Best&quot; and it blew me away.  It is vintage Whitney.  Whitney has no  reason to change her style -- it ain't broken and she is simply the best.   The cd contains a lot of mediocre material that Whitney manages to give  some life to, but I hope she returns to her old form on her next cd.
630330608X|5.0|In clear contrast to his 1955 recording, Glenn Gould brings a new look at Bach's Goldberg Variations by giving the listener more noble and stately tempi, while commenting via his interpretations on the &quot;30 remarkable  variations with a truly unremarkable ground bass theme...from which they  are all formed and to which they all conform.&quot; Gould, in complete  command of his abilities, presents the Goldberg Variations as a unified  whole, as opposed to &quot;30 somewhat single-minded pieces.&quot; As an  unwavering devotee of contrapuntal music, the Goldberg Variations present  Bach's unearthly talent for &quot;...passionate aestheticism, and youthful  exhibitionism.&quot; The Goldberg Variations give the performer and  listener &quot;...snapshots, randomly filed,...&quot; which show Bach's  genius through the years of his life. Glenn Gould supervised the camera  work during the recording, which is evident in the camera catching the  hands play at just the appropriate place, an ability sorely missing in  classical videos. With this video recording, Glenn Gould returns to perform  the work which granted him worldwide acclaim. In short, a remarkable  compressed portrait of Johann Sebastian Bach and his arguably greatest  interpreter, Glenn Gould.
0375707972|5.0|I find it interesting that many don't value a work unless they can &quot;like&quot; the story or characters.  This book poses questions that shake belief. Its value is in the simple presentation of the complexity of  human experience once judgement is set aside.
0671027344|5.0|When I was 15 I had the most incredible summer of my life...including great parties, and, ironically - the Rocky Horror Picture Show...This book was recommended to me, and I swear that Chbosky was amongst us that  summer...This book was incredible, and I think that no matter how old you  are, this book will touch you in some way.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|I have never heard jennifer lopez say anything earthshakingly original, so I really don't understand why people were expecting that of her album. there's not a lot more to this than there is to most of pop and r&amp;b  today, but at least it's catchy and fun and no one is licking each other or  shooting each other in the lyrics. if you are looking for depth, this is  not the place to be. this is no lauryn hill-esque sociological and  spiritual vision. and there is no selena-like magic here either. But i must  admit, I am REALLY enjoying this cd, to my surprise. is it classic music?  no...but it IS fun! Her voice doesn't hurt my ears...it's pleasantly sweet  although a little on the thin side...the talent is not all her since the  back-up singers really fill out the sound...but I still thought it was  totally worth my money. I don't even have to skip any songs when i listen  to the cd. pop. nothing more. and what's so wrong with that?
B000002LCK|5.0|This is a perfect overview of New Order &amp; the excellent music they have made. This album is a must of any New Order listener. If I could give this album more stars I would.
630349255X|5.0|The first time I watched this 'movie' I didn't get through film. I was overloaded with the scope of the film. Every minute shifts to another marvel of our world and our own creations. I continually thought,&quot;How  could anyone create something like this?&quot; My only wish is for this  film to be available on DVD format...
B00000J7JO|5.0|Just when we thought the RHCP wouldn't release another album! This is the best since their classic BSSM. Especially the first 6 tracks. The rest are all mellow. Stand outs are Californication plus the first single (name  escapes me!) So if you are a fan of the band, a must have.
B000002UEB|5.0|Queensryche has been my favorite metal band for ten years now and through the years, Operation:mindcrime has remained my very favorite of all their incredible albums.  All are excellent of course, but this is their best.   It is also their most politically and emotionally charged.  Unequaled in  his talents, lead singer Geoff Tate uses his soaring operatic  voice so  expressively it just overflows with emotion.  He also uses the whole of his  impressive range.  All four of the musicians are  amazingly talented.  The  incredible, intense lyrics and emotional music all tie in together to weave  an intriguing story complete with a mystery that the listener gets to solve  for themselves.  This album is a true work of art!
038533348X|4.0|I've never read a Vonnegut book until Cat's Cradle.  I had only seen the horrible film version of SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE.  I knew that the book couldn't have been as bad as the movie.  I went to the bookstore to find  it, but they didn't have it. I then saw CAT'S CRADLE, and thought it would  be a sufficent substitute.  I'm glad i picked it up.  It's a funny satire  regarding the end of the world and the family of the man who invented the  nuclear bomb.  Vonnegut does a very good job at creating and maintaining  brilliant characters and situations.  I hope to soon pick up another  Vonnegut book, and I have no doubt that I will enjoy it.
6305365121|3.0|I've panned everyone of the Star Trek Movies, because they were thoughtless and boring, but Star Trek: Insurrection is diffrent it has a better villian , better fight scenes, and more importantly good visual  scenes, but it wasn't that good, but it does deserve a standing orvation.
0380973464|4.0|I read through the other commentary before venturing to put down my opinion, and it made me think sheesh! who'd be an author? I love his books (hey Amazon, why can't you find a cache of The Big U somewhere?) because,  anong other reasons, he has never tried to pitch his tent on higher moral  ground. The &quot;voice&quot; of the story is allowed to have  characteristic limitations. <br />The reason I haven't given NS 5 stars is  because I think the next book is going to be better so I have to reserve  ammo. Also the careless editing (HE said there is no hidden code) made me  wince at times. But &quot;...a shack of knot-pocked cargo pallet  planks...&quot; is going Beowulf one better!<br /> One of the main subplots of  the novel is as picaresque as Catch-22. Hey, in a war you don't always  *know* what happens to everybody else, as both Heller and Pynchon, and now  Stephenson, suggest by indirection. <br />The accusation of gender  tone-deafness is interesting, because I got the impression (I'm female),  exactly as I did with The Diamond Age and Zodiac, that the voice is  acknowledging a deep and puzzling gulf between the sexes, that the sex that  the voice isn't is admirable but ineffable, and that the voice finds deep  humor in this. Shaftoe is a guy with plenty of natural intelligence but  little education -- and he's a Marine, for pete's sake. When he goes to bed  with a girl, he's smart enough to know he's still at war.<br />The book is a  delightful and funny read.
6304119046|5.0|It's hard to convey the amazement that continues to grow in me with each successive viewing of CK.  My first time seeing it (on the small screen) I was about 17 and turned it off midway through because I got bored - the  impatience of youth!  Only when forced to sit through it in a college film  class did I finally BEGIN to appreciate Welles' achievement.  Since that  viewing I've grown to love CK more than any other film, and each viewing  only makes it look better.  If you can see it on a big screen - do it.  BELIEVE THE HYPE - unless greatness arouses your sense of contempt.
B000002HPT|2.0|To say that Dream Theater sold out is melodramatic, but instead of making their music more radio friendly, the band released a rock album that could have been written by just about anyone.  That isn't to say that it doesn't  have its highlights, but if you want to hear Dream Theater at its best,  stick with Images and Words or Awake.
0790734850|5.0|Considering some of AFI's choices for the 100 greatest films of all time I was disappointed to see that this one didn't make it.  I was also not so happy to see James Cameron walk away with all the undeserved accolades for  Titanic while this film was quietly handed the best screenplay oscar.  Frankly, this is simply one of those rarest of gems that can barely survive  the Hollywood machine in the modern film era - a film with an original plot  rather than an exercise in formula.  If you are cringing at the status quo  that Hollywood has conditioned us to over the years then prepare yourself  for a pleasant surprise - but be warned.  It does have some graphic  violence, and it's not for the kids.
B000002W4V|2.0|If you're a big fan of old Bob Ezrin-produced Alice Cooper albums and love that oh-so-'70s guitar tandem Steve Hunter and Dick Wagner, you'll love this collection of cover songs by some guy named Lou Reed.<br />And if you  happen to know anything about this guy  Reed, you'll also know that if you  want to hear these songs the way they were intended, you should pick up  &quot;The Velvet Underground and Nico,&quot; &quot;White Light/White  Heat,&quot; or &quot;Loaded.&quot;<br />Finally, to paraphrase the late great  Sterling Morrison, talking about &quot;Rock and Roll Animal&quot;: Why do  the guitar players use the exact same tone on every song?
6301773551|5.0|There is no movie experience like this one - if you first see it at age 9 on a big screen.  Even if that can't be arranged you'll still feel the wonder of the child when this one starts - if you can let go of the cynic!  Not to be missed.
6304297912|4.0|It was just awesome, I rented it once and didn't give it back for days. And i still want to see it again.  It makes fun of and also understands, and doesn't make any excuses.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have Sarah's CD 'Surfacing' but wised I had waited to get the new CD 'Mirrorball'.  It includes some of the same songs and more I wish I had like 'I Will Remember You'-- my personal favorite!
0451191153|3.0|I haven't read the book.  The funny thing is the readers' comment goes extreme...  Hate the book or love it...  Hummm....  I better check it out in the bookstore first...
B000002H70|5.0|this record is absolutely amazing... if you don't have it, buy it right now!... i won't bore you with the other bands that have neared perfection in a recording, but the cure have done it more than anyone else... with  this record, porn, faith, 17 sec and kiss me(cubed)... get all of them!   but first get this one... (if you don't have any of those i mentioned, this  one is less strange... no it's not mainstream junk, but it's not as  difficult to 'get'... you kinda have to be a fan to get into the really old  stuff, it seems)... anyways, disintegration is incredible! and, believe it  or not, they play these songs better live!  (an old import entitled,  'entreat')
B00000J7S8|5.0|Lush arrangements for small group and orchestra and luscious vocals by Krall make this CD a celebration of musical evocation!
B000003TA4|4.0|C'mon, wake up and admit it.  The stars were PERFECTLY aligned for this album.  There are more emotional, meaning of life, sick of all this s**t albums out there.  It just came at the perfect time (I'm not saying it's  not a good album though, because it is).<br />If you can define your existence  in the lines &quot;a mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, my libido&quot;, I  think some serious reconsideration is in order.
B000002HRE|1.0|i have been a fan since master of puppets and after the black album i could not wait for their next album, after what seems an eternity for their next album it finally came out, as soon as i got home i poped load into my  CD player and that first riff from ain't my b***h came on and THUD. i could  not believe the sh*t that was coming out of my speakers! i thought well,  mabey this is a experimental album and they will be back to normal by the  next one. boy was i wrong. this has to be the worst album since Fleetwood  Mac's Tusk album. THIS   IS   NOT   METAL. THIS    IS    ALTERNATIVE.<br />guess i'm not a &quot;REAL FAN&quot; then.<br />F**K YOU  METALLICA!  YOU SUCK NOW!
6304916558|3.0|Great sound track and stunt work/effects, but gimme a break! Can the villians get any sillier? Perhaps having seen this right after watching the classic Cleopatra, (Liz Taylor, Rich Burton) affected my judgement, but try  it... watch this and then watch something with substance and you will take  latter every time.
6301868684|5.0|This movie is based on Herbert Selby's cult novel from the early 1960s.  The novel traces the lives of some rough urban characters (prostitutes, street hoodlums, transvestites, striking dock workers) in 1950s Brooklyn.   Think of this as &quot;On the Waterfront&quot; without the sugar coating.   A friend of mine hates the movie because he feels it is nightmarish and  lacks a moral center.  I like the movie for just this reason, as deep down  I think life is that way.  The movie is a harsh and uncompromising look at  people whose dreams don't work out;  in fact, the dreams often explode in  the characters' faces.  Jennifer Jason Leigh, Stephen Lang, Stephen  Baldwin, Jerry Orbach and Alexis Arquette are fantastic.  Don't watch this  with kids or with people with delicate sensibilities---it's violent,  sexually graphic, and full of verbal abuse and foul language.
0465068359|5.0|Before I say anything about Ms. Chang's book I'd like to point out that another excellent account of this Chinese tragedy can be found in Pearl Buck's &quot;Dragon Seed&quot;, written during the Second World War.  And  while Ms. Buck's book is technically fiction, it corresponds very closely  with the incidents described by Ms. Chang in her book!<br />As for my reaction  to &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot;, it's clear that the behavior exhibited  by Japanese troops in the 1930's is hardly a thing of the past, what with  the &quot;ethnic cleansing&quot; still practiced in the world today.  My  own reaction upon finishing Ms. Chang's book was THANK GOD FOR THE U.S.  MILITARY!!!  China was woefully weak both during and preceding World War  II, and it's clear that totalitarian nations cannot (and usually will not)  keep their troops in check during military campaigns in a foreign land ---  and why should they?  Their media isn't going to report it anyway!<br />The  biggest surprise of Ms. Chang's book was how the one diplomat the Japanese  respected was a NAZI --- and he emerges as one of the most notable heroes!   Which just goes to show you that courage and noble behavior can sometimes  be found in the strangest places!
0792839625|2.0|A CHORUS LINE: THE MOVIE has it's best moments when it is simply music and dancing -- particularly when it stays true (or close to) to the incomparable stage version, as it does in the opening number and the  closing showstopper, &quot;One.&quot;  <br />The main problem I have with the  film is the fact that the stage show was about &quot;dancers and love of  the theatre,&quot; while this movie is specifically focused on &quot;kids  breaking into showbiz.&quot;   This is most glaringly apparent in the  depiction of the song &quot;What I Did For Love.&quot;   In the show, that  song was about those dancers expressing their passion for dancing and what  it would mean if being forced to give it up.   Here, the song's meaning is  cheapened by treating it as a character love song.  <br />Paul's timeless,  heart-breaking monologue is ripped to shreds...and the most energetic group  number in the piece (&quot;Hello Twelve...&quot;) is given over to the  Richie character for an unecessary song called &quot;Surprise  Surprise.&quot;   Even the mesmerizing &quot;Music and the Mirror&quot; is  junked for the lesser &quot;Let Me Dance For You.&quot;   <br />I hope that  someone gets the idea in their heads to re-film this beyond classic musical  the way it was meant to be seen...perhaps for public television....or  simply revive it for Broadway where it belongs, with dancers, forever  kicking those legs as the footlights come down night after night.
B000002UAX|3.0|Most of the songs on this album have a good beat but have little depth. In the late 1960`s McCartney offered to sign Don Van Vliet to a record contract, which he refused. The Beatles had potential - Van Vliet could  have motovated them to be a great band.
B00000AF98|4.0|I BECAME A KISS FAN WHEN I FIRST HEARD THE SONG &quot;TEARS ARE FALLING&quot; AND EVEN THOUGH SOME OF THEIR 70'S STUFF IS GOOD (I.E. &quot;I LOVE IT LOUD&quot;), I THINK THEIR 80'S MATERIAL WAS FAR MORE  INTERESTING TO LISTEN TO AND HAD MUCH MORE INTERESTING GUITAR SOLOS.  CRAZY  NIGHTS IS FULL OF GREAT SONGS THAT YOU CAN SING ALONG WITH TO INCLUDE:   I'LL FIGHT HELL TO HOLD YOU, HELL OR HIGH WATER, MY WAY, REASON TO LIVE AND  TURN ON THE NIGHT.  DESPITE WHAT SOME OF OUR &quot;CONTEMPORIES&quot; HAVE  COMMENTED CONCERNING THIS ALBUM, I THINK IT IS SOLID WITH THE EXCEPTION OF  A FEW SONGS - CHECK IT OUT FOR YOURSELF...
6305076650|5.0|This review may be biased as alas..I am a rocky fan. This decadent morsel of cinema is a truly pleasing experience and few metaphors or messages at all can apply to it. It is just fun. o'brien, the author of the musical,  has combined the pop culture of the 50's (bad sci-fi, comic books, charles  atlas) with the sexual revolution style decadence of the 70's and added  music. The result is a wonderful concoction with something for every body.  Note: I recommend seeing the play as it is a truly wonderous experience.
B000002KHH|5.0|Black Sabbath and Metallica will always be the best rock/metal bands every. nothing will change that. Warpigs and iron man kick a** on the album....get it.
B000002J09|5.0|I noticed most of the people here that gave IV a low rating are Beatles fans. Well, I can't stand most Beatles songs. Zepplin IV is made only of great tracks.
6303140157|5.0|This movie is a movie you have to buy! It is great, packed with young stars like Lauryn Hill and Jennifer Love Hewitt. The movie it awesome you'd be nuts not to buy it!  I watched it about 12 times in a row, you will too!
0060930349|2.0|Paul Johnson's attempt to discern the history of the United bears the true mark of an amateur.  The last 25 pages include some of the most rascist ideas I have seen in print for some time.  Although Johnson attempts to be  thorough, he skips over major parts of American history and virtually  ignores much of social history.  Not supporting the so-called revisionists,  Johnson wishes to restore the Anglophile view of history that has been  rightly extinguished.  His criticisms of Latin America are rascist and  nature and he has a sense of superioroity that is disarming.  His  comparison of the anti-abortion groups to abolitionists is truly  scandoulous. I'm sure Mr. Johnson would not like to have his body  controlled.  America is a land of diversity and change, which Johnson  accepts, as long as whites are the only ones involved.  In sum, Johnson  distorts American history in a way that is both inaccurate and demeaning.   The constant errors, particularly in the last chapter only destroy more of  Johnson's credibility.  His is a book which should be left unread.
B00000JGOH|5.0|No mere costume piece, this film is fueled by an extremely intelligent script (that shows the experienced hand of veteran playwright Tom Stoppard). Everything clicks, the framing story of Shakespeare and his  love, the oh so very Shakespearean play-within-a-&quot;play&quot; of Romeo  and Juliet. Fun, smart, and intelligent without being snooty or cold and  impassionate...
0553278223|5.0|A wonderfully enthralling series of tales that relate in spirit only, The Martian Chronicles has been unfairly lumped in with Sci-Fi since it's initial release.  Yes, it takes place (mostly) on mars, features  rocketships and aliens and strange technology, but it is not at all a  science fiction novel.<br />No, this book is a novel about people.  It's a  novel about humanity, told through the eyes of the innocent, the alien, the  lost, and the dying.  It is a series of stories interelated by several  themes.  Do not expect an epic plot or a lovable manin character, because  you will not find either here...instead, you will simply get a sometimes  moving, sometimes thought provoking, and sometimes sad tale that will fill  your vision for some time.  Very recomended.
B000002KNU|5.0|Wow. What an excellent record. I am an enthusiastic music listener that buys a new cd every time I have the money for it and I have come to the conclusion that the Talking Heads is my favorite band of all time. I would  have to call this my favorite album of theirs while I'm at it. Favorite  Talking Heads albums are quite subjective given the rate at which they  accel and strech themselves and their sound. This album features semi-funky  rythyms, clean and sharp angular guitar riffing, David Byrne's wonderfully  unique and exciting vocal performances, simple drumming, and brilliant  songwriting and lyrics that make you think. This album sounds very happy  unlike their post-punk and new wave peers, which is quite pleasing. It's an  interesting joyous way of listening to Byrne dissect culture in an  intellectually stimulating manner. His lyrics highlight and compliment his  excellent songwriting skills and are quite amusing. The herky jerky funk  rythyms are so pleasing that it's impossible for me to not move and sing  with the music. A total treat for your ears. Buy it today.
1573226521|3.0|Garland definitely engages with a dead-on perspective of the jaded backbacker scene, and the dialogue is sharp, but it eventually bogs down into silliness.  Towards the second half of the book, the narrative sort of  fades, and everything is carried along by one-liners and a recurring  nightmare figure.  It starts to feel staged, like a screenplay.  Maybe  that's the point?  Anyway, it's certainly an entertaining book, but it also  feels like it had the potential to be so much better.
B000002L9M|5.0|I own 5,000 CDs and 2,000 vinyl albums. This is one of the 5 best albums on Earth, Period! It ranks along with the best the Beatles or Stones ever put out.  I'm not kidding. GET THIS ONE.
0312853238|5.0|I first read &quot;Ender's Game&quot; when I was about 7 years old, and since then (I'm 16 now) I've probably read it several dozen times.  I recently read it again, and my suspicion was confirmed: it gets better  every time. I don't know what it is, but I have never read a book that can  compare to it.  Card's &quot;The Worthing Saga&quot; is very good, but not  even close.  The sequels to &quot;Ender's Game&quot; are, in my opinion,  atrocious.  They damaged the story for me, but it is still the best I have  ever read, including &quot;classics&quot;.       One thing that amuses me,  by the way, is how the (few) people who put &quot;Ender's Game&quot; down  and say how terrible it is and give it one star all spell something wrong,  and not hard words either, but easy words.
0694003611|5.0|My husband and I read this book to our 15 month old son every night before bedtime.  My son loves the book so much that I now have to get a new copy for him to &quot;love on.&quot;  Get it for the next baby shower you  attend!!
0060977493|1.0|This is the typical novel that makes the reader wonder how on earth it ever made it to the best seller list?  Was it Oprah?  Roy does what so many other &quot;artsy&quot; writers try to do.  She uses abstract metaphors to  relay some weak message.  Gimme a break.  A good writer doesn't have to  confuse the reader to send across a quality theme.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I'd love to give this album a 5 star review, but that would be only for BSSM. How do you compare silver to gold? This is an excellent album, no doubt, I'd give it 4.5 stars. The Peppers are four talents that have been  fortunate to find one another, I think we're all thankful that John found  his way back to the group! This album's sound definitely has A LOT in  common with 91's Sex Magik and I wouldn't even say it misses the mark. It's  been 8 years since Sex Magik, styles change and the way people think  changes as well. This album should definitely not be underrated, it's a  masterpiece full of beautiful melodies, some old style funk, Anthony's best  vocals ever, and Flea, Chad, and John master their instruments as well as  ever! I would recommend this album to anyone that's an old fan of the  Peppers (such as myself) or just anyone who likes good music! The  bottomline is that fans need to stop comparing silver to gold, this is a  fantastic album and I love it every bit!!!!
0684867621|4.0|I read through the reviews and found myself wondering, &quot;Is this the intellect of society?&quot;  Trashing the writer and then having spelling mistakes.  Hypocrisy at its best.  For those of you with a sense of change,  what it means and what it can accomplish, read this book.  &quot;The Girl  Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; is not the best written book.  It does not hold  your imagination that many of King's earlier novels have.  In the long run,  though, it is a decent read.  A young girl steps off the path for relief  and finds herself taking a wrong turn.  The difference here is that the  girl's imagination takes over; brought on by hunger, despair and sickness.  No, it is not the &quot;Old&quot; King, but it raises the possibilities of  the man's talents.  I was disappointed in the simplicity of the characters  that were heard about but rarely seen but well compensated by the  development of the main character.  I am looking for something more from  King but not 'just' horror.  Read &quot;The Eyes of the Dragon&quot; if you  belive that King cannot develop something more but throw your ignorance  somewhere else.
B00000DMJF|5.0|The &quot;White Album&quot; is tremendous, but don't be fooled - this version is REPACKAGED - NOT REMASTERED.  Save money and buy the original version from Amazon. When (or if) the Beatles' catalog is truly remastered,  then break out your wallets!
B000001IPL|5.0|from the moment i first heard self-esteem i was addicted, i now have all five albums because of that one song. And not a single one has let me down.  They have a unique sound that makes them who they are and i like them that  way. Plus they have cool songs about real things too. These aren't just  your ordinary punk band these  guys have brains too so that makes them even  cooler. And as if that wasnt enough, they are the nicest people i have ever  met in my life. And i am not just saying that, i have met them (twice) and  they are nice.  So everyone should go out and buy this album along with all  the other Offspring albums because you wont get let down i swear on my life  this is the greatest album in the history of the world!! At least in my  opinion.  Anyways what i am getting at is that the Offspring are good and  you should buy Smash to prove it.
B00000J7JO|2.0|Go back and listen to Uplift Mofo Party Plan. Then listen to this record. It's better than One Hot Minute, but that doesn't say much...
6300183513|5.0|I have seen Rear Window at least a dozen times, and I consider it my favorite of Hitchcock's films.  I have been searching for months for a copy and I've read that they are remastering it and releasing it sometime later  this year.  I can't wait for it to come out! This movie is definitely  cinema at its best!  I wish they would make more movies like this one.     If anyone is looking for a movie to watch...this is a must see!!!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I also found out offspring from  pretty fly(for a white guy) and went to a the store to buy americana there was no americana there but there was another offspring cd there one i have never saw before smash when that cd  came out  i was only 8 and my friends that had big brothers where the only  kids in my elementry school who knew about offspring then i bought it and  went home listened to it all the way through and loved so much more than  pretty fly now i own all the offspring cds. dont buy this cd buy smash or  ixnay on the hombre ignition or offspring (self titled)
B00000255X|5.0|One of Dylan's best albums, but one does wonder what Dylan was thinking when he co-wrote \\"Joey,\\" the touching and lengthy ballad in praise of mobster Joey Gallo. Scarlet Rivera's mournful violin and Emmylou Harris' beautiful voice dueting with Dylan on the chorus could probably bring a tear to a glass eye, but \\"Crazy Joe\\" is an awfully peculiar subject for a man who condemned William Zanzinger for killing poor Hattie Carroll. (For a line by line refutation of every admirable claim Dylan makes for Joey Gallo, see the late Lester Bangs' essay on the song.) As for the ballad of boxer \\"Hurricane\\" Carter, it's a good song and a powerful performance, but three words consistently come to mind when I hear it: guilty as charged. And, wouldn't you know it, one of the best songs from these sessions, \\"Abandoned Love,\\" was dumped, not to surface on a legally available recording until \\"Biograph\\" nine years later.<br />Elsewhere, \\"Isis\\" is catchy and clever, as is \\"Black Diamond Bay,\\" while \\"Oh, Sister\\" and \\"Sara\\" are hauntingly beautiful. Though the songs (most co-written with Jacques Levy) are generally first-rate, it is not Dylan alone who makes \\"Desire\\" so memorable. Scarlet Rivera's violin and Emmylou Harris' voice, two of the most heartbreakingly beautiful instruments I've ever heard, add considerably to this album's power. With such a superb supporting cast, it's no surprise that \\"Desire\\" became Dylan's first million seller.
B00000HYTW|5.0|I love the whole thing and the extras make it even better. And I love to put it in my computer and watch the videos and stuff.  This is a great album, I love it!
0374384576|5.0|This was a really great book. I really like the  way Roald Dahl used all his imangination to make this book. I really like the look out clues for how to tell if your a witch or not. I also think that the kid from Ca Usa  was very very very very wrong.
B00000HYXB|3.0|This was an above average cd but nothing to bang your head about.  There are small sequences between each song so the songs themselves take up only half of the tracks to make it only 11 songs long.  No doubt this is fast  but just not heavy enough.  If your into bands like Hammerfal,Iced Earth  etc. You will love it but if you like heavier more brutal bands like  Slayer,Fear Factory,Overkill etc. You should definitely look further than  Powermetal.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I give Jennifer 3 stars, 1 because she's pretty, 2 because she's from N.Y. and 3 because she's Puerto Rican (like me).  I think she's talented in acting but as a singer that's a whole new ball game.  Her voice is very  weak.  The debut with Marc Anthony is terrible.  Who is she trying to me La  India?  The song with Mark Anthony and La India now that's a debut.  I  think Marc Anthony had to bring his voice down for her to make her look  good because you know he goes all out.  That's a kind of song that you  can't get into when your dancing to it.  But I really have to give it to  her being that she's Boriqua and from N.Y. she's come a long way.  But she  should stick with the acting career.
6304436386|5.0|Jean Reno, Gary Oldman, and especially Natalie Portman render a stunning tale of a small girl's ( Portman) revenge desire against the corrupt cop ( Oldman) that murdered her family and the stoic yet bashful hitman ( Reno)  that takes her under his wing. All the performances are moving especially  Portman whom, at just 12 years old, captures not only the tragedy of the  character's life but moves the audience to tears.
6304806434|3.0|plenty of action and a little laughs, but well there is no but it was good!
0451191153|5.0|One reviewer, from &quot;Virginia USA&quot;, seemed to sum up his screeching dislike for the book with the following comments which I've dissected and responded to.  <br />&quot;Poorly Written, Obvious Plot  This is  a typical Ayn Rand novel. If you are part of the school of Objectivism,  take a second to read back through this book. I find it ironic that the  woman who started an 'intellectual' movement can write in such an obvious  (and poor) manner. With no subtlety in style and little suprises to the  plot, this novel truly reflects the shallow depths of American  intellectualism. I'm baffled at it's long standing  popularity.&quot;<br />Poorly written and unimaginatively plotted.  Really?   The concept of a bold architect, Roark, pursuing his career with integrity  despite the incredible public loathing of his work which is driven by the  actions of the woman he loves, Dominique, and his best friend, Gail, is not  imaginative, original, and creative?  Perhaps I have forgotten about the  vast canon of literature celebrating the accomplishments of architects who  choose a life of integrity, overcome hardship, and risk disdain, prison,  and even life itself to achieve their goals.<br />Regarding the claim the book  had no sublety, I must simply admit that perhaps the author of that review  had a greater mind than mine.  In fact, he must have a greater mind than  almost all of Rand's readers.  After all, we dolts who read her novels  again and again are always finding new and insidiously well-hidden hints as  to the characters' nature, personality, or motive.<br />As far as the claim  the the novel reflects the utter shallowness of American intellectualism, I  must agree.  Unlike the novels of Sartre or Camus (the critic's more  refined, Continental, sophisticated preference, apparently), Rand's novels  are not so deep that their bottoms are hidden from sight.  Sadly, there are  no angst-filled miscreants, men who turn into cockroaches, or anti-heroes.   Only plain, honest, shallow, men and women with their petty, uncool values  of integrity, career, passion, and pride.<br />In the final analysis, it's  probably a good idea to read these novels with a grain of honesty, not  salt.  If you disagree her ideas, fine.  But do not attempt to slander  Rand's writing skills unless you are prepared to do so with original  criticisms that arise from an actual reading of the book in question.
B0000024IE|5.0|I owned this disc for almost a full year before I was able to appreciate it. I'd say it's even more challenging to listen to than &quot;It Takes a Nation...&quot;, but it's just as revolutionary. More importantly, however,  is the fact that PE hasn't run out of things to say; this album is every  bit as densely layered as its predecessor, and it's all structured with the  vicious wit and energy of the PE crew.<br />Fear of a Black Planet is not for  casual listening. It's for those of you who are willing to pick apart music  and lyrics. It's for you people who are patient enough to let PE plant a  seed in your mind, and then wait for that seed to grow into something  beautiful, intricate, and mesmerizing.
B000002KBH|5.0|To me, this is their best album. I remember them live when they were just starting out. Now it's thirty years down the road and I still cry when I hear these songs. But I still have to dance, too. Back then it was  &quot;Ripple&quot; or &quot;Attics&quot;. Now I can relate to the raw  simplicity of lyrics and delivery like: &quot;Operator says that's  privileged information and it ain't no business of mine.&quot; Right to the  gut. The Dead cut through tons of cultural nonsense to get to the heart of  it all. I'm grateful.
0767802551|3.0|this is one of al pacino's greatest!the movie took me by surprise
B00000J7JO|5.0|I'm not quite sure just where these couple of reviews are coming from that are lessthan favorable to the fabulous foursome (and YES, I am going to slap myself for using that term). This album is slower, yes. What's wrong  with that? &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; was hardly fast and that's their  signature tune, and one of the best songs ever written. I guess some of the  naysayers were expecting the boys to rehash old stuff, and release BSSM2.  Personally, as much as I love BSSM, this album is just as good, maybe even  better. The boys have matured alot musically and overall, and have achieved  a musical union that is unbelievable. Flea and John almost create one  instrument from their combined playing (which is amazing, BTW), and  Anthony's voice comes off better than ever before. Personally, I'm glad the  guys explored some new ground and put together this album rather than  rehash Mother's Milk or BSSM. Too many bands just put out the same album  over and over again, and close-minded people eat it up, b/c their band  &quot;didn't sell out&quot; (which means they haven't matured as a band or  creatively either, just take a look at Def Leppard). Anyway, back to the  point. &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Easily&quot;, &quot;Emit Remmus&quot;  are all very cool, and they haven't left behind their hardcore funk roots,  b/c we've got tracks such as &quot;Around the World&quot; and &quot;I Like  Dirt.&quot; Yet, my favorite track is the title track. This song is on parr  with &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; and will become an instant RHCP classic.  Don't listen to the negative criticism, this is the best album from any  artist in years.
B000002UTT|5.0|&quot;Look Sharp&quot; is overall more upbeat and fun than &quot;Tourism&quot; or &quot;Joyride.&quot; The songs &quot;Cry,&quot;&quot;Half A Woman, Half a Shadow,&quot; and &quot;Listen  To Your Heart&quot; are serious ballads sung beautifully by Marie.  This  album contains my absolute favorite song &quot;Listen To Your Heart.&quot;   &quot;I Could Never (Give You Up)&quot; is great as well.. I could go on  forever about each of these songs! This album caught my ear in elementary  school and happened to be my first-ever music purchase. Music will never be  the same--this is a classic. I highly recommend &quot;Look  Sharp&quot;--every song is unique, and this album is a fun listening  experience.
B00000GAIW|5.0|For those of you who might think Jethro Tull is nothing more than obtuse lyrics about dripping snot, and awkward chord progressions overblown into an amalgam of eternal obsolescence-- dig this! Tull is a master of both the  lyric and musical form-- heavy as a sledge one minute, then tilting at the  daffodils the next. I like nearly every song on this record, and especially  recommend the bonus tracks and interview that comes with this reissue.  &quot;Lick Your Fingers Clean&quot; is mandatory Tull...
B0000009OP|5.0|I bought this CD six years ago and just fell in love. My girlfriend and I would listen to it all the time. One night, I left it at her house and then moved three thousand miles away. <br />Few albums are as satisfying as Cure  for Pain. I've heard Morphine's other stuff, and it is like whatever. But  Cure for Pain is a truly wonderful piece of art, disguised as Rock.<br />It's  time to get it back.
B0000025RI|5.0|This album is the best in the world, it has such great songs like &quot;Billie jean, &quot;Beat it&quot; and my favourite &quot;Thriller&quot;. Buy this you won't be dissapointed.<br />Michael is the  KING OF POP.
6305365121|5.0|The 1st thing everyone does is compare this movie to First Contact and say &quot;It wasn't as good.&quot;  It all depends on what you are looking for when you come to the banquet that is Trek.  I'm not much of a Klingon fan  and the Borg are only initially interesting.  Trek can be charming as heck,  and that is what Insurrection offers in buckets.  Like the 4th movie,  Insurrection plays to the comical and whimsical strengths that Trek should  take more advantage of.  This movie is really a companion piece to First  Contact - the breather after the relentless action.  And it's a terrific  breath of fresh air.
6305291446|3.0|As other people said, this movie is not scary at all. Mainly because we know that Jamie Lee will not be killed. I was a bit surprised that a relatively popular actor, a boy in &quot;The 3rd Rock from the Sun&quot;,  was killed instantly, though. Recommended only for Jamie Lee fans.
0767825411|5.0|absolutley one of the best movies i have ever seen..it is one of my top 10 movies of all time..bill murray and dan akroyd are great and so is the supporting cast...the story line is rather typical, but good...it is just  so darn funny...if you haven't seen this movie you really should give it a  try
B0000004F9|5.0|If you want to hear how psychedelic rock and jazz will forever be tied by improvisation, if you've been looking at old Family Dog posters and want to know why why why these guys opened for Jimi Hendrix, if you like Syd  Barrett but sometimes think his acid nuttiness distances you rather than  brings you into the music, if you don't want to listen to Pharaoh Sanders'  Karma but want the same challenge and elation, if you want to hear some of  the best drumming ever laid down anywhere at anytime, if you need a warm-up  before you put on that old Gong record, if all the jazz fusion you've ever  heard seems either too brainy or belongs in an elevator, if you just want  something really different to listen to but that rocks and you've never  heard of these guys or any of the comparisons I've just thrown out...well  then, have a listen.
0385484518|1.0|Morrie was obviously an amazing, caring, wise person.  He got that way by living a life of service to humankind, by focusing on more important things than money.  So along comes this journalist who jots down a few quotes, and  people flock to it saying how much they learned.  This totally misses the  point.  Morrie's life demonstrates that there are no shortcuts to the  lessons he's learned, but in our quick-shot  read-a-book-and-now-I-know-everything society, people think they &quot;get  it.&quot;  Morrie specifically says that he hates self help books, and yet  now his life and death have been turned into one.  How sad.
0684867621|5.0|When an author touches my emotions,  he has written a successful book.  I cried for over an hour after finishing this one.  You will root for this little girl all the way through the novel. Thank you, Mr. King.  You've  done it again!
0060977493|5.0|Beautiful prose, beautiful cast of characters, and, most importantly, it leaves you with a whole new window through which to view the world around you. I've given it to my mother, grandmother, and friends. It distills from the contrasts of several very different characters the basic patterns by which all of us live, and how those similar patterns in differing personalities and situations can interact to produce the world around us.
B0000041TD|5.0|I have bought this CD 2 months ago. After the first notes of &quot;Questo mar rosso&quot; I was touched by the beautiful melodies. Of course track 8 - 10 &quot;Che gelida manina&quot;, &quot;Si, Mi chiamano Mimi&quot; and  &quot;O soave fanciulla&quot; made me speakless! Yesterday I was in the  theatre to see La Boheme. A perfect evening that brought me into tears.  Opera and especially Pucinne has stolen my heart.
0553208845|4.0|Siddhartha is very interesting but it is also hard to understand. Unless you are searching for truth like Siddhartha, this book may not interest you as much as if you were experiencing similar struggles. Fairly easy reading  and you'll be glad you read it.
0767830555|3.0|This DVD transfer does not have the caliber of video and sound you would expect for a &quot;special edition&quot; of a movie with this much of a following. The sound is not available in 5.1 surround, the picture looks  like they used a relatively abused master for the transfer (in a few places  I could swear I saw those little hair things you see in a theater that  shows old movies--I almost expected the tape to break from time to time).   Don't get me wrong, this is MUCH better than seeing it on VHS, but don't  expect the beautiful quality of the restored &quot;Vertigo.&quot;<br />The  special features are original (especially the entire screenplay with jumps  to the scene displayed), but I would have like to have the trailer also.   <br />For the price, this is a good deal for movie buffs.  If you're not sure  about whether to buy or not, rent it at netflix.com.  If you like it and  decide to buy, your rental charge is reimbursed if you buy here at  amazon.com within 30 days of rental from netflix.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana has done it again.  The orchestral sound just adds another whopping dollop of &quot;cream&quot; to the mix!  I am madly, musically in love!!  Just think:  Diana Krall is only 34 years of age and she's already released  five CDs (six if you include her Christmas ED) -- May the world be graced  with her gifts for a long, long time.  She and her trio create pure musical  synergy.  Yum, yum, YUM!  &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; is especially  delightful, and &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; makes me melt.  What  a blessing our Diana is! -- from a PROUD Canadian!!
0684867621|1.0|I can't believe Stephen King wrote this book.  There wasn't one bit of horror in it.  I kept reading hoping that it would get better by the end but it didn't.  What a waste of time!
B00000J7JO|4.0|Took a few listens to adjust to the evolution, but well worth the time.  Kickass harmonies and John's gut wrenching leads on the ballads make you want to cry.  These guys still know how to nail a chorus - see Emit R.   Flea has left a lot of the slap behind, but he loses nothing... still miss  that trumpet flea!  John is back and beautiful, thankfully.  Anthony's  vocal is better than ever.  And Chad is still A ROCK.   While I wouldn't  put this in a class with the testosterone laiden Blood Sugar masterpiece or  along side Axis or Ladyland it falls squarely in my top twenty.  John  Frusciante is still the only one who comes close to hitting me in the gut  like Jimi.  It's great to have this band complete again.
0140186395|5.0|This is a wonderful story.  I could not put this book down.  It is so hard to rate books for me because so many I have been reading are so great.  But I recommend this one.  Buy the one with the Introduction by David Wyatt it  gives a lot of insight into the feelings of Steinbeck when he wrote this.   Well I am off to read Grapes of Wrath!!!  Enjoy!
B00000IQMT|4.0|John Williams knows what he is doing, this CD captures the feel of the new movie in every way.
B000002JAX|5.0|The first time I heard this chantuse was on National Public Radio singing &quot;Some Fun Out of Life&quot; being a true Billie Holliday aficando my first thought was they had discovered some unreleased early Holliday  tracks.  I was shocked to find out that it was Ms. Peyroux.  I had to have  that song, so thus I bought the CD.  It is a love affair from start to end.  Johnny Mercer once remarked that Billie Holliday was the Jazz man's  singer.  Ms. Peyroux is the reincarnation of Lady Day voice, much like K D  Land is Patsy Cline's. Dreamland is a great CD but the one I would like to  hear is Ms. Peyroux singing a tribute to Lady Day.  La Vie En Rose is great  listening to her guttral french adds more magic to this evergreen Piaf hit.  Muddy Water makes you want to experience it, Bessie Smith's Reckless Blues  is great.  Was I is another Holliday like song.  To those who long to hear  the voice of Lady Day today Ms. Peyroux is a breath of fresh air.  It is a  singer's nightmare to be compared to another singer but in this case it is  a wonderful gift.  The early recordings of Peggy Lee (Why Don't You Do  Right)are heavily influenced by Billie Holliday.  I look forward to future  release's by this very talented Lady.
B0000025SB|4.0|As a follow-up to The Wall, even the greatest album would be a disappointment.  To begin with, this album is really a Roger Waters solo effort with Gilmour as not much more than a stand-in.   The first half of  the album is just a meandering suedo-monologue with Waters recapturing the  wars years surrounding his birth and losing his father.  Do we really ever  know anything else about him?  Haven't we really already seen this in The  Wall?<br />Shifting gears on the second half of the album are some true  masterpieces.  Fletcher Memorial Home, The Final Cut and Not Now John are  some of the finest tracks recorded on any Floyd album.  The production is  clever and polished.  To really appreciate these tracks, you needed to see  the videos that were occassionally aired on MTV around the time this album  was released.  The final track Two Suns in the Sunset really marks the end  of Pink Floyd as we know it.
B00000FYIL|5.0|I watched this movie yesterday and I loved the music immediately. This movie is a movie about me and the man I love, but this love has no chance for the future at moment, because we both have families. Nobody knows the  emotions of Will and Viola better than I.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Anybody who considers themselves familiar with Bruce Springsteen can attest to the fact that he is not in this world to rake pennies out of the hands of his fans.  I was very pleased that he decided to add the  additional 3 tracks and would ask all critics claiming &quot;rip-off&quot;  to consider that the release of the extra tracks was 6 months later.  If  you are already familiar with Springsteen and his work, it is likely you  will enjoy this CD as much as I do.
B000002KIE|5.0|It's amazing that an album over 20 years old provokes this kind of response--either utter hatred and complete love. I'm in the latter category. Never Mind the Bollocks is a masterpiece.<br />All this complaining  about &quot;musicanship&quot; is really empty criticism. OK, so they  weren't Pink Floyd (&quot;I Hate Pink Floyd&quot; read Johnny's T-shirt),  but the music is a pure expression of contempt and bile, no matter how  contrived it may have been. In addition to &quot;God Save the Queen&quot;  and &quot;Anarchy...&quot;, the Bollocks is simply loaded with brilliant  tunes. &quot;Problems,&quot; &quot;EMI,&quot; and &quot;Bodies&quot; are  just amazing evocations of disgust (in several forms). For me, the keystone  is still &quot;Holidays In the Sun&quot;--how many bands could write a song  about going on vacation to a concentration camp and jumping the Berlin Wall  and make it work? None, save the Pistols.<br />Yes, it's not for everyone,  but there's no doubt that the Bollocks changed rock n' roll (Rolling Stone  voted the most influential album ever a few years back).
B00000F1D3|5.0|I've listened to all the song's and they are so powerful,no wonder Cher is famous her voice is the most powerful,beautiful,great voice and I'm glad that she met Sonny,the guy who first introduced her to fame and fortune  otherwise there would be no Cher and her &quot;Believe&quot;and &quot;Take  Me Home&quot;or any of her cd's that she has today I would say she's the  best female singer in the world!Of the singer that I've heard of and have  they're cd's or tape's forget about the &quot;spice Girl's&quot; Cher's  music is the BEST,BEAUTIFUL,and POWERFUL singer in  U.S.A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
078401213X|5.0|It is hard to think of words to describe this movie, but then again, why bother.  The movie nears perfection; it starts with a bang and ends with a flourish.  Absolutely engrossing.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I bought this CD on a whim...I needed to validate my parking sticker and the only way I could do that was to buy something.  I had heard of this one and brought it up to the counter.  When I got home, I popped it into the  player and loved every second of it.  For all of you that won't buy CD's  because the guys have a bunch of tattoos...this is the CD to change your  mind.  Every song is good from the begining to the end.  It isn't punky or  harsh and it is safe for parents and children.  At least listen to one of  the MP3 previews.  It is worth your while.
034538072X|5.0|This is an excellent book that grabs ones interest right from the beginning.  I couldn't put it down.
0451163540|5.0|Ken FOllet is an absolute genius!!! This story combines action,romance and all sorts of ideas into one. The coming together of the Mossad and Arabs is especially thriliing..he's a master at hs trade that ken Follet is!
0440211727|5.0|Once again, Grisham has created a wonderful novel. The suspence is amazing, the characters are unforgetable, the writing is hilarious and unique. I recommend this book and all Grisham's others.  He is a  magnificent author.
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit's CD is one of the best, if not, the best CD I have ever heard.  I can not wait until the new CD comes out, cause by the looks of the song &quot;Nookie&quot;, this CD is going to be a must-buy for all!!!
B000001E7L|5.0|songs like &quot;ode to my family&quot; and &quot;dreaming my dreams&quot;are really great. In fact, Dreaming my dreams was playad at my friends's wedding.
B000005S0I|4.0|These, the first Cure songs I ever heard, still sound fresh today. There are hints of the future evolution of the group in quirky little numbers like '10:15', 'Meathook', 'Grinding Halt'. But the ability of the Cure to  create a sustained mood hasn't developed yet; those layered waves of synth  you'll find on albums like 'Disintegration', for example, are nowhere to be  found. Sparse, raw, lacking the depth of their later work - but still well  worth a listen.
0805017305|5.0|This book opened my eyes to the REAL history of the American West.  No one who reads this book can deny who the real savages were.  It shows the fickle nature of historical &quot;fact&quot; that a country so used to  heralding itself as the home of the brave and the land of the free could  have such base and shocking beginnings.  Despite the fact that I am a New  Zealander, I feel an overwhelming sense of shame at being of European blood  and therefore of the same basic stock as those whites documented in 'Bury  My Heart at Wounded Knee'.  I can only imagine how ashamed I would feel if  I were an American.   Anyone unmoved by this book must have a complete lack  of morals and a heart of stone.  I would recommend this book to anyone  interested in the history of one of the most powerful military nations in  the world; isn't it ironic?
B000002BSG|5.0|Une dcouverte rcente, mais quelle dcouverte; de trs bons textes, une voix et des rythmes fantastiques. Un mlange de jazz-soul-disco-groove dtonnant. Bref, un album  possder immdiatement sans quoi il manquera  quelque chose  votre discothque.
1573226521|4.0|This was a really good book, and I loved it because it described something that i would never do, or never even come in contact with, so it was completely engrossing to hear about this lifestyle. You really got to know the characters and cast,  like they were your classmates or something. The things i didn't like were  that one: the characters seemed to adjust to the beach life way too easily,  like it was nothing, which seemed unrealistic, and also i kind of wanted  more of a little romance plot to develop between francoise and richard-you  knew they wanted each other, and being on that island for so long without  any female action, richard must have gone a little crazy!! I loved keaty,  and the whole &quot;bad squid&quot; incident was gruesome but engrossing.  It's a wild trip into the savage jungle life-a good, fast read.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I absolutely love the song Scar Tissue, and I was excited to hear the rest of the album.  I eally like it and I am glad that they are back in the studio doing what they do best.  I love Anthony's voice...
B000002UZ6|3.0|I thought this one CD could tell almost everything about Tina. But many songs here were not original album versions but edited (single) versions. So they are not very tasty to listen to. Particularly, &quot;Better Be Good  To Me&quot; and &quot;Private Dancer&quot;, my favorites, were  disappointingly shortened. I would rather have bought the hottest album  &quot;Private Dancer&quot;.
B000002GQE|4.0|Perhaps the symphonic numbers are too long at the beginning, and maybe thelunch break song really S-U-C-K-S and maybe the evening songs aren't so memorable, &quot;Tuesday Afternoon&quot; and &quot;NIWS&quot; make it all  worthwhile.
B000002NIW|5.0|Deftones are a loud rap/metal group and damn proud.What really makes the album and the group unique is chino,the singer, can rap,yell,scream,and come off with a soothing voice all in the same song.He's understandable  unlike other singers.Like in my own summer and be quiet and drive.They are  not a band you would see selling out.Chino's banshee scream is legendary  and so is the band.MTV won't play them unless it's two in the morning and  they don't get a whole lot of radio play so they're not huge,yet.Deftones  are the last band you would expect from Madonna's label,but at least she  has taste.All the songs are great and to sum it up they rip sh*t up!
B000002UAU|5.0|I'm a Beatles fan and I'm gonna confess something right now. Here it is : if you take each song separately, Sgt. Pepper is probably NOT the best Beatles' album (no big news, Ringo told it before me). It's possible that  &quot;Revolver&quot; or &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, or the white album, or  whatever you want, are better. I just say this to show that I'm not  &quot;contaminated&quot; by the hype that makes people react and give it  only one star. And now, listen to the title track and its reprise. Listen  to &quot;With a little help from my friends&quot;. Listen to &quot;Lucy in  the sky with diamonds&quot;. Listen to &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;, the  greatest piece of so-called &quot;popular&quot; music of the 20th century.  I mean it. People will still be listening to it in centuries to come. And  whatever you think of some of the other tracks (which are great too), admit  that it's worth five stars just because of the ones I've mentioned...
B0000087QO|4.0|I already had a Blondie compilation and &quot;No exit&quot; (I'm not sure I was right when I bought this one...) and as Parallel Lines is widely seen as Blondie's best, well, I bought it ! And I don't regret it. There's no  really weak songs, even the ones without fantastic melodies have got what  it takes to &quot;hook&quot; you. Hanging over the telephone, Sunday girl,  Picture this, Heart of glass, 11:59, Just go away... This album is a  &quot;best of&quot;! Don't buy &quot;No exit&quot; and buy this one instead  !
078061755X|4.0|This is truly one of the best movies in the world!! If anybody wants to cry, but feel good about it then this is the perfect movie. This is another movie that displays how GREAT Australian actors are. I truly liked this  movie because it is well written and it really gives the audience the  satisfaction they want to get or deserve.  Aside from being well written,  the movie also displayed how important a family could be, and how the main  characters father treasured the family he had.     I did not really dislike  anything in the film except how the main character was used in a number of  ways.  I hope many will like thgis film as I did.
B00000J7S8|5.0|as b.c people we are very prouo of you and your music is a source of inspiration for us ..  thank you!!harry and donna silverstein
B000002A3T|5.0|This is one of the best CD's that I have ever heard.Very calming to listen to.
B000002V1D|5.0|Buy it: Is the best album of Duran Dura
B00000AFWW|5.0|This is just an all around great album.I first didn't know what to make of Courtney but the Celebrity Skin and Malibu singles made me get the album.Now I am a big Hole fan.Don't listen to those who say it  sucks because Courtney sold-out,killed Kurt or whatever.What I really love  about this album is the lyrics,even though I read in this interview  Courtney says 18-year old boys are just gonna check her out instead.All of  these songs are great but the one that takes it all is Northern Star,it  could be the greatest song ever,the lyrics are the best.Playing your song  is great so is Petals.Take it from someone who knew nothing about Holes  past and is not biased on Courtney .Totally different from there older  stuff but I like both this album and Live Through This.I haven't been into  rock this long,I am a rap junkie,but no other album has these great  qualities such as guitar work and lyrics.In the end this is a great album  if you love music and if your into new things,I am,you will probably like  it.
6302610702|5.0|All three of these movies are the best movies of all time! All have amazing casts and amazing stories. It's very moving, exciting, and eye-opening. I can't decide which one of them is the best  though.........<br />Drew Smith 12-years old
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I was very surprised by this album. Jennifer Lopez can sing, carry a tune and throw some emotion into the music.  Granted, I was not expecting much - she has more talent than I thought.  I have played the CD for 5 days  straight and it gets better &amp; better.  I have  become a believer.
068484267X|4.0|I was reluctent in buying this book.  I just finished it in 2 days and have to say I am glad I spent the money.  McCourt's literary style is beautiful.  I have to admit that it was hard at first to read because of  the Irish dilect, but you get used to it.  For those people who say that  there was no reason for these people to put up with the standard of living  that the charecters endured, you must keep in mind that this was over 60  years ago.  Times change.  This story makes me realize that, though my life  gets tough, there are many people much less fortunate than I.  Makes me  want to hug and cherish my children.
B0000065MS|4.0|Critics simply didnt favour this film, main points of contention being the soap-opera style  acting, variable special effects, and an overdrawn and therefore anticlimactic conclusion. Certainly there is some truth in the  first of these criticisms, and its puzzling why Robert Wise allowed or even  encouraged it. Yet I do not feel the film sinks as a result, notably due to  George C. Scotts rock solid (as usual) performance. There are a handful of  actors who carry a film, or seem incapable of giving a below- par  performance, Mr. Scott falls into both these categories. This is not to say  he is the only reason for watching, far from it. The music score is  impressive, the Oscar-winning special effects fine and probably deserving  of this acolade, and the tragic finale harrowing, moving, and therefore  very effective. Not a classic, but severely underrated, this film only just  fails to hit my Top Twenty all-time favourite movies.
B00000DQSS|5.0|What else can I say except that &quot;Never For Ever&quot; contains some of the greatest songs I've ever heard! Kate Bush is the greatest!
0553571338|5.0|I sat down on a long car ride deciding  to read this book rather than be bored (which is what I expected to become reading the book or not).  But I was NOT bored.  The book was so astounding.  It makes you feel sad to think  of such a community ever existing.  And even the people themselves being so  brain-washed and ignorant to know how their &quot;perfect life&quot; is so  controlled is a scary thought.  I can read this book again and again.  I  definitely recommend The Giver to any reader, no matter what age.
0345389409|4.0|From reading all of the other anne rice books i thought this one would be even better, becaue the more I read the more I like each book. This book just becaue it was writin by anne rice was great. It was not as good as her  other books, and at times it got a bit boring, and I did disagree with some  of the religios things in the book . I thought the end was uncomplete and I  guess I have to read the vampire armand to get what happends.  next. I  recommmend this book to anyone that is pacient and some one that wont get  offended esaily. Memnoch the devil was a really well writen book altough  some ideas werent that great. The beging was really good but towards the  end it got boring, but I thought the ending was really interesting. It is  not a bad book to read but the other books in the chronicles were much  better.
0767805712|3.0|i found this film to be extraodinarily intricate and fascinating, yet the motivation of the character of Vincent to enter and conform to the tenets of a corrupt society are somewhat disheartening.  although this is perhaps  a realistic slant to the story, it seems to undermine the overall conceit  of the film, which is the critique of the desire to acquire perfection.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The Offspring are the best and most talented non-heavy metal or rap group.  Dexter Holland, the lead singer, has a talent which compares to the incredible Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit.  Greg K has bass talent which  compares to Korn's Fieldy.  This group kicks ass! Ratings have a max of  100<br />HAVE YOU EVER- 92 STARING AT THE SUN- 94 PRETTY FLY (FOR A WHITE  GUY)- 93 THE KIDS AREN'T ALRIGHT- 96 FEELINGS- 90 SHE'S GOT ISSUES- 94  WALLA WALLA- 91 THE END OF THE LINE- 92 NO BRAKES- 94 WHY DON'T YOU GET A  JOB?- 95 AMERICANA- 96 PAY THE MAN- 85<br />OVERALL- 93
B000002J09|5.0|Every single song on this CD is great! This CD proves that &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is not the best song by Led Zeppelin. They are so awesome and timeless that they don't have a best song. They are one of the biggest  inspirations to most musicians today.
B00000IQCF|5.0|I really liked this movie.  I was expecting all sex and no story line and was pleasently surprised to be mistaken.  The only problem is that the version available at Amazon is dubbed in english.  It would be much better  with sub-titles. Almodovar has done a fine job with this one.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|This is definitely all of Jimi's best songs! Jimi's version of &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot; is 10 times better than Bob Dylan's! The drumming on &quot;Fire&quot; is phenomenal! Jimi was revolutionary in  guitar playing and songwriting. He paved the way for so many musicians!
0026009102|5.0|If you want to be inpired, I highly recommend to you this book.  It is simply amazing.  This book has changed my life and opened my eyes to many things in life.  And after you've read this one, read Atlas Shrugged, it's  just as great.
B0000000LI|5.0|This live compilation is a must have or if you want an introductory to what his music is about, get this one. You'll be sold on his others. On the other hand, if you have most of his CDs, you'll find the same titles here  and there on all his CDs. Myself, I'm wondering if he'll ever come out with  new music. Perhaps he should stop touring, sit down and write us some more  great heart and head stirring stuff! Hello, Yanni, are you listening to  us?!
6305320802|4.0|I have seen the musical Oklahoma many, many times.  However, it has never looked so good. DVD has done wonders with stunning visuals and brilliant colors. Yet the sound for the Musical was rather dissmal. I was very  disappointed. To be watching something so beautiful and to have the sound  so miserable was a let down. Otherwise, it is a great movie and a DVD must  have.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall is the best vocalists to come down the musical pike in some time. With a voice that's cigarettes and Cosmopolitans wrapped in cashmere.  In a time when most &quot;girl singers&quot; seize an opportunity to  showcase their theatrics, Krall goes for a more restrained approach. She's  backed with great muscians, including Krall on piano, picked wonderful  songs and brings it home!  I'm just waiting for the inevitable  collaboration with Harry Connick Jr., let's keep our fingers crossed.
6304779259|5.0|I am one of the few lucky ones to own a copy of this special edition DVD with the alternate ending footage. I have watched the DVD a dozen times since buying this musical. The letterbox adds alot to the film (especially  since I did not see the movie when it was in theaters). The sound is  equally great. I do not see what the big fuss is over the alternate ending  being included. It is quite a wonderful addition to the movie itself and  has a much different impact on the entire movie than the chosen ending. I  will say that until the DVD is released again, you must rent or borrow this  one from a friend. It is well worth it.
0783216084|5.0|JAWS is one of the few horror movies that exemplifies filmmaking at its best.  The acting is top notch, from the three leads (Scheider, Dreyfuss, and Shaw) to the supporters, which includes Murray Hamilton as the mayor of  Amity whom you will wan't to slap by the end.  Spielberg's direction can't  be beat (even if the limited use of the shark was unintentional).    And I  don't care what naysayers claim, the shark in the first movie does not look  fake -- forget the sequels, they never happened.  Underscoring all of this  is the suspenful and mesmerizing theme by composer John Williams.  Every  bit a classic. (Buy the widescreen version and get the whole picture, pan  and scan doesn't even compare.)
0780627024|5.0|This movie is fun, invigorating, and it makes you think.  It has a lot of references to the Civil War period and it gives you a whole new outlook on discrimination.  I highly suggest his movie for young and not so young.
B0000067L2|5.0|Essential 1967 psychadelic albums: Jimi Hendrix Experience's Are You Experienced, The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, The Doors' The Doors, Jefferson Airplane's Surrealistic Pillow and Cream's Disreali  Gears. <br />Jack Bruce, Eric Clapton and Ginger Baker were a wonderful trio  from '66 to '69, and of their four albums, Disreali Gears is one of the  best. But, still, it's not quite perfect. The last song, Mother's Lament,  is an old Irish folksong, and is sung on this album a capella and with  exagerrated Irish accents. This is the only weak song on the album, though.  The ten other tracks are superb. The highlights being the rock and roll  classic Sunshine of Your Love, and the trippy Tales of Brave Ulysses and  Swlabr. <br />Great album. Rock fans should check out Cream's other albums as  well. I'd say pass on The Very Best of Cream or any other greatest hits  collections. Cream has only four albums, so I'd recommend getting all of  them instead.
0451191153|5.0|Ayn Rand might not have eloquent prose or the same writing method as Michael Ondaatje. She might, at times, even write poorly and less than adequate. No matter what is said about how this book is written, no matter  how many critiques are made about her style, her message still remains  strong and clear. Her message still remains truthful and honest. There is  no other novel that displays so concisely the life of someone who defeats  the odds by his individuality. I realize that this novel brings controversy  along with it because Ayn Rand did not believe in God. Well this book is  not about God; it is about the triumph of the human spirit. It is about the  true meaning of life. It is about living as an individual and not  compromising by conforming. I was captivated by this book. I could not put  it down. It made so much sense to me. I could see what Rand was writing  about all over the place- Hollywood, Washington, in the media. It is  rampant. I see mediocrity being crowned as brilliance. I see power hungry  individuals who have sold their soul to domination. There is no evil in  this novel. It is the refutation of all evil. It teaches that one must  activate their potential and not sell it, not waste it, not give it away to  the causes of another person. One must live life their way- or there is no  reason to live in the first place. I disagree with the so-called  intelligentsias who claim that Rand is copying other people's ideas. Her  ideas are methodical indeed, and she does build upon other thoughts. (See  Howard Roark's testimony on the evolution of mankind). Ayn Rand makes a  statement to the world loudly and clearly. It is essential to learn your  past, to utilize your past, but not to copy it. The future is a time when  the past must be built upon, not copied. Her philosophy follows the same  train of thought. I highly recommend this book to any person with an open  mind. It will forever change your life.
B000004286|5.0|It ranges from rallying battle songs to gentle ones of marriage. Betrayl, love, sadness, loss, victory, fear, happiness. All are felt through the music of this cd. There're no words, and at first this worried me. But  words or not, it's an emotional rollercoaster. If you liked The Man Without  a Face soundtrack, then this is for you.
B000000WFU|1.0|I bought this album on the strength of some of the highly favorable reviews at this website.  All I can say is that tastes certainly differ.  I consider this the most monotonous, repetitive, uninteresting album I have  ever bought.  I plan to donate it to our library sale, and hope someone  else likes it--I sure don't. I could barely get through one listen.
B00000AFGM|5.0|No other band has caused more contraversy than Marilyn Manson, and they're taking the media on a ride up for more sales.  Say it ain't so, but the music was surprisingly sweet and mellow, behind all the screeches and  screams.  But IT!
B00000JGOH|5.0|I found the film to be highly entertaining, filled with cultural and literary references hidden within the text.  The presentation was wonderful and many things were culturally accurate.  Both men and women will enjoy  this.  It's best if you are well versed in the works of Shakespeare  otherwise much of it may pass over people's heads.
0875428940|5.0|Very easy to understand.  Wonderful illustrations and has a lot of common sense on how to SEE a tarot card for what it is. I am very satisfied with this book and highly reccommend it for beginners as well as advanced in the  reading of tarot cards.
6304408994|5.0|The Bodygaurd is the best movie ever!  In my opinion it is a story about a bodygaurd, who never stays in one place, who finds a woman which seems to be his one true love.  The movie brings out good and interesting points  about love and how things don't always work out the way you expect them to.   The music that Houston sings is so there in the movie.  It touches me and  makes me realize how people live and how we need to take every chance we  get to live life to the fullest because you never know when your life could  change.
B00000JCB2|5.0|What can I say? The Bizkit totally kicks @$$!!  &quot;Nookie&quot; is probably tha best song I've heard in my life and the video rocks too.  These guys rule! I LOVE YOU FRED!!!!!!!!!
B00000IL31|5.0|Tool is more than just music, it's an experience as a whole, to be taken in just like one of class would slowly let a fine wine linger on his palatte, so must Tool be enjoyed to the fullest extent by repetitive listening and a respect of their reach. A friend of mine suggests that they are much like Pink Floyd, only a little darker...but this is a time for those that have the scope to express what the mind sees, and Tool does it almost effortlessly...if you don't buy Tool, you miss the chance to more fully enrich your life...
B0000026NC|5.0|The CD is beyond doubt a Masterpiece. It gives a rush through your mind; what else do you expect from Musicians. Its so genuine and artistic. It surpasses the brain capicity of the former English historic Primr Minister  of George Lloyd's - least from creativity point. Cheers and Enjoy !!!
B000000OAL|5.0|By far Queens album best I know I'm alone when I say because of a little album called  A Night at the Opera but the is I find this C.D far more entertaing then &quot;A.N.A.T.O&quot;. I highly recommend this set of set  of songs.   P.S.   send me a message back, o.k?I also loved Freddie's young  voice.
014028009X|5.0|After hearing mixed commentary about Bridget Jones's Diary...I decided to see what all the fuss was about.  I was amazed at how realistically she portrayed life of your average, ordinary &quot;singleton&quot; (with a  wonderful biting humour).  I spent the entire afternoon laughing to myself  and after four hours I realised I had finished and wound up wondering what  was to become of my heroine.
0792837622|5.0|I saw West Side Story at the Chinese Grauman Theater in Hollywood when it first premired. From where I lived at the time, the Grauman Theater was quite an  extravagance. I must have been all of 16 at the time.  I fell  completely and utterly in love with Natalie Wood. Really! I could almost  taste her.  I also had the opportunity of seeing West Side Story on stage  at the Moulon Rouge, soon-to-be-Aquaris Theater, with Chita Rivera.  It was  actually more exciting on stage.  But the film does the play justice and  captures much of the play's excitement. The score, by Leonard Bernstein, is  by far his best. (On The Waterfront is right behind). Not to mention the  lyrics. I love the opening, the overture, the lines on the giant screen  that eventually become New York City.  I also had the opportunity of  performing in the play in high school, Bernardo, leader of the Sharks! We  were a smash!   &quot;Maria, I'll never stop saying: MARIA!&quot;
B00000J6AG|3.0|the album is a good introduction to &quot;electronic&quot; music to the uninitiated, but it fails to live up to my expectations.  i have only listened to go and everything is wrong by moby but this recording seems to  be piled in the same bin with them...uneven.  if you want to listen to some  intersting techno with your friends cruising around town on the weekend  though...buy this and all other prodigy and chemical brothers cd's leave  aphex and squarepusher to the ones who love music...real layers, real  complexity...this is fake and contrived...i wish moby would expand his  instrumentation but it seems he is content murking around with that one  synth sound that evokes emotion in me i must admit...but it is fake  emotion...anyway..go ahead and buy it if you want it...don't take my word  for it as reading rainbow would say.
6303407188|5.0|This movie was so cool! After seeing this movie I became the biggest Ed Wood fan. I wish they would make a sequal of him in the 60s and 70s.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is a great album. Brain Stew is the best song but they all rock.  Don't listen to the one stars, you don't normally start loving an album after playing it only once.  BUY IT.  You'll love it.
6304056958|5.0|Start with a great cast-- Norma Shearer, Joan Crawford, Paulette Goddard, Rosalind Russell--and what else could you expect but a fabulous movie.  This movie kind of makes you glad you weren't rich back in the 1930's.  I  wonder how all those society matrons felt about this movie back then, as it  was a terribly unflattering portrayal of wealthy females. Norma Shearer  sometimes forgets that she's in the &quot;talkies&quot; and pantomimes  wildly, like the year was 1919 instead of 1939 (scene at the end where  Stephen comes back to her), but she's still very good in the role of Mary  Haines, the long-suffering wife of an unfaithful husband. George Cukor  really knew what he was doing as he guided this cast, and deserves kudos as  well.  This is an EXCELLENT movie.
079283321X|5.0|Rocky is a movie about a down and out club figther in Philadelphia who through a quirk of fate gets a shot at the title. Sylvester Stallone stars as Rocky essentially portraying himself an overweight, over thirty Italian  American. He is stuck in an underacheiving life living alone in a run down  section of Philadelphia and earning money by collecting loans for a two bit  mobster. On the side Rocky pursues a long faded dream of boxing through  boxing local club fighters in his neighborhood.      Rocky's big break  comes when the world champion Appollo Creed (played by Carl  Weathers)chooses Rocky to be his opponent in a champioinship bout to be  fought in Philadelphia. Creed had originally intended to fight a top  contender but he was injured. Creed's character is based on Muhammed Ali  with all the flair and showmanship included.      Most of the movie follows  Rocky working out for the big fight. Woven into this plot is the love story  between him and the local introvert Adrian who works in the pet shop where  Rocky buys his pets (his turtles Cuff and  Link and dog  Butkus)       The  thing that makes this movie great are the workout scene with Rocky's dash  up the steps of Philadelphia's city hall to the theme music one of the  greatest scenes in the history of cinema. Secondly the fight scenes where a  cocky and careless Appollo Creed is stunned by the club fighter Balboa who  turns what was supposed to be a mismatch into a classic 15 round  heavyweight struggle. Thirdly the relationship between Adrian and Rocky  develops into a heartwarming love story culmihnated by their embrace in the  ring at the end of the title fight and movie.      Rocky goes the distance  giving the audience the age old message that you are never to old to chase  your dreams.
0385484518|5.0|I sat down in a cafe, and within 10 pages was struggling not to cry.  Later, at home, I didn't struggle any more.  There are more profound books, there are books that are more well-written, more complex.  But it should be  the simplest things in life that touch us most.  Isn't that what Morrie  wanted us all to know?
6304056818|5.0|I have seen this movie several times, yet I still love it. It is sci-fi at its best, and that is saying a lot, since this film was made in the fiftes. Most fiftes sci-fi is creaky and poorly made, but not this movie, nooo way!  For today, the special effects are somewhat dated, but the underground  Krell city is still impressive, and the Id monster is well done, too. The  movie is creepy without being bloody and gory ( fiftes movies not  alllowing). Though, disappiontingly, we never get to see the Krell (though  I suspect they resmeble the Id monster), I suppose,though, this was both a  blessing to the audience, considering horrific alien design (aka B.E.M.s,  Bug-Eyed Monsters), and a relief to the directors, who were not forced to  come up with some scientifically innane creature as per fiftes special  effects would allow.The lines are amazingly well written, eps. near the  end, and it is still hard for me to believe that Leslie Nielson, who plays  the brave and noble captain of the spaceship ( and gets some of the best  lines), later went on to star in such stupidly silly movies as &quot;Spy  Hard&quot; and &quot;Mr. Magoo&quot;. If you like this movie, be sure to  read William Shakespeare's &quot;The Tempest&quot;, the inpiration for this  movie, and try to match up the characters. Some of the themes in this movie  are &quot;Pride is deadly&quot;, &quot;Knowledge is power&quot;,  &quot;Absolute power corrupts absolutly&quot;, and &quot;Don't fiddle with  alien mind-boosting machines!&quot;
B000002MP2|4.0|I love this album.  All the songs are great but they sound the same so I give it four stars.
0553274503|5.0|This novel by Keyes has a rather unique background. A shorter version won the 1960 Hugo Award for best science fiction \\"short fiction\\" of the year (it had appeared in the April 1959 issue of the \\"Magazine of Fantasy and  Science Fiction\\") and has been anthologized a number of times. This short  story was made into a television special (&quot;The Two Worlds of Charlie  Gordon&quot;) in 1961 and I believe it won an Emmy Award. The author  expanded the story into a novel which was voted a tie for the 1966 Nebula  Award for best science fiction novel by the Science Fiction Writers of  America (it tied with Samuel Delany's \\"Babel 17\\" and beat out Robert  Heinlein's \\"The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress\\"). It also received a nomination  for the 1967 Hugo Award, losing to Heinlein's novel. It was then made into  a film (&quot;Charly&quot;) for which Cliff Robertson received the Oscar  Award for best actor for 1968. In 1969, David Rogers wrote a play based on  the novel. In this story, the intelligence of a mentally challenged man is  greatly enhanced by treatments. He forms an attachment with a mouse named  Algernon who has already undergone this same treatment. Charlie is asked to  keep a dairy and the novel consists of his daily reports. As his  intelligence grows Charlie becomes more aware of his status. He soon  develops into a &quot;super genius&quot; and finds he is just as isolated  and lonely as he was before the treatment. {An earlier reviewer (June 5,  1999) from Wisconsin commented that Charlie caused his own loneliness. How  can that be? He was mentally challenged at the start of the novel and,  after his treatments, he did not have the time we all have to develop  social skills. He is not at fault here.) But, he also discovers that it is  only temporary and he has to deal with his upcoming return to mental  retardation. As the years have gone by since I first read this book, I  realize that there is a second issue that should arise whenever discussing  the novel. It concerns the ethics of the researchers who provide the  treatment. They convinced a mentally challenged man, who clearly doesn't  fully understand what is happening, to undergo a treatment that had only  been applied to a single laboratory mouse! These same researchers also  performed the treatment when their understanding of neurochemistry and  neuroanatomy is clearly difficient (as Charlie later shows in the novel).  They are actually the villains of the tale! This is a great story and  provides much insight into our dealings with others, how different people  look at the world, our interactions with the mentally challenged, and in  bioethics. I highly recommend it.
B00000AFFF|4.0|Burt Bacharach has been the best writer of heartbreaking songs, poignant is his moto and he does it very well. In this album, however, the soft melodies where spoiled by Mr. Elvis Costello. His voice may work (hardly)  for rock or pop songs, or maybe he should write his good songs and leave it  for someone who can sing to interpret them. In my dreams I wish Barry  Manilow would sing songs from Burt Bacharach, that would be some  combination, huh!
0380789019|5.0|This is a great book.  There are definite fairy-tale aspects of it.  (Alice in Wonderland has been mentioned.)  It's not as dark as the Sandman series- where Sandman is horror, this is moderately dark fantasy.  (The  short-story collection _Smoke and Mirrors_ is similar to _Neverwhere_, and  equally good.  _Stardust_ is quite different from both.)  The characters  are wonderful- great variations on the standards.  (Reading the other  reviews, it must be a thousand times better if you have a vivid  imagination.)  I really liked this book- it's not an effort to read, but  it's not a waste of time either.  Oh, and if you want to read Terry  Pratchett and Gaiman doing _Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_, pick up  _Good Omens_.  It's Hitchhiker's Guide with better villians.
B000001FDK|5.0|I love this movie, but I think it wouldn't be as great without the music. This is a CD I listen to frequently and enjoy it each time!
0767830520|5.0|This film is the ultimate potrait of one man driven by society to extreme and homicidal means. He builds up anger and builds up anger until he wants to do something about it, but what?Then he meets Jodie Foster and through  her he uses his anger to help her. The direction on this film is amazing. A  must for any Scorsese, DeNiro or Foster fan.
6305076995|5.0|For those of us who weren't around to see the band in their prime, this is definitely worth it.  The quality isn't the best, but I'd rather watch this than most of the cr*p that's out there today.
0375707972|1.0|I bought this book, hoping for a good read, but I  definitely did not get that.  It did not keep my attention;  I didn't feel connected with the characters;  I feel like I wasted my money on this one.  The author assumes  that the reader knows all about the Holocaust, making it difficult to  understand to the person, like me, who was never taught the Holocaust in  school.  I very rarely come across a book that I feel so negatively about,  but this is certainly one of them.
B000002HHB|1.0|Natalie left the Maniacs for THIS?!  Wow, this album is one big yawn.  The only saving grace is &quot;Wonder&quot;.  What happened to the energy and political/social messages that were such a driving force in the music of  the Maniacs?  It's so sad to see a great band break up, but even more so in  this case, where the solo effort is so tired.
0767819594|5.0|First of all, for a viewer somewhere on earth, Dangerous Liasons would't just be tolerable, because adults are people too, teenagers can do the same thing. It's the same for everybody. Second of all, it isn't tolerable or  good just because of the costumes! Clothes are clothes. They really don't  have anything to do with the movie. Third of all, for A Viewer In  Greenland, I think it was okay. I liked it. But that doesn't mean I'm a bad  person. I'm not really sick either. I'm a normal person like you, and I  should be treated and talked about as any other good person would. We all  have our tastes, and opinions, but you don't have to say anything that's  not true and that is nasty, about somebody, just because they like a  certain movie that you don't.
B000002G30|4.0|Wyndorf at his songwriting peak here. Gone are the albumside-long psychedelic jams, and interstellar freak-outs-- Monster Magnet are clearly headed for mass appeal with this hour+ longplayer. &quot;Negasonic Teenage  Warhead&quot; is &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit,&quot; with a few more hooks  and a cool stoner vibe-- in other words, a bona-fide hit. These guys should  be millionaires...
0440219078|5.0|I was first introduced to this book in eighth grade, where my English teacher read it to the class, one chapter a day.  I loved it then, but once I read it again on my own, I was hooked.  I just graduated high school, and  I've lost count of how many times I've read The Giver.  Every time I read  it, I just can't put it down.  The story is beautifully written, and the  lifestyle introduced is so intriguing and unique.  This is definitely one  of the most interesting and touching books I have ever read. A MUST READ!
1881273156|5.0|I love this book and I am a newly wed, and sometimes you need a little kick to get on track.  We need this book because it allows us to see how we want to be and who we want our spouse to be.  This book also has lots of  things for you to do such as things to try out, writing letters, helping  you along with that, giving suggestions on being open and pure.  AND SO  VERY MUCH MORE!  I bought the hard back because this is a definite KEEPER!  JUST GET THE BOOK YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED
0788803743|4.0|I like the movie.  It is not very true to history, but that is not the point of the movie.  It has a very sappy love story that was just too sappy to fit in this more &quot;serious&quot; feature.  Overall, I really liked  it.  It had a good message about natural conservation etc.  It is the  musical score and the songs that really shine in the film.  They were very  hearfelt, I believed.  I listen to the soundtrack a lot!
0792839846|5.0|Casablanca is undoubtedly the movie Michael Curtiz is most known for directing. It is perfectly understandable that this is so. &quot;Casablanca&quot; is one of the most well-done movies I have ever  seen, and I've seen many a good movie. I won't waste time outlineing the  story, I'm sure you've all heard it before. Humphery Bogart and Ingrid  Bergman are superb as Rick and Ilsa, and set the standard for how acting  should be done. Tragically, acting quality has diminished over the years.  &quot;Casablanca&quot; is a terrific movie with a perfect blend of witty  sarcasm, saddness and patriotism. A movie everyone should see, two hours  isn't such a long time to take out of your schedule. Enjoy it as I have.
0790736233|5.0|All of the characters here are brilliantly acted except for Matthew McConaughey, whose screen presence is pretty weak. As a non-Christian raised in Asia, I am a bit indifferent to the question raised in this  movie. I think, if you're familiar with eastern thought or modern French  philosophy, you would find this movie pretty primitive. If your thought  about God is provoked by this movie, try Simone Weil's books.
0783113943|5.0|Poignant film on Gia's short, turbulent and very tragic life. It makes me wonder if she did survive those years.....what would she be doing now? Probably still a free spirit!!!!!
0802713319|5.0|There are dozens of reviews telling you how wonderful this book is.  They are all true.  Unlike &quot;The Fifth Miracle&quot; and the search for the origin of life or &quot;Hyperspace&quot; and the search for a string  theory, this book has a sense of finality.  Most interesting were the  tragedies to which befell many of the characters who contributed to the  originand final solution of problem -- suicide, blindness, burning, death  by duel, etc.  If you have ever taken a courses in numerical analysis and  physics, this book turns the names into real characters.  If not, you are  still in luck because Fermat's Enigma requires very little knowledge of  mathematics -- even to understand the appendicies.
0609603086|1.0|Follett's latest is a 10 on the Richter scale of disasters.  A bigger fault than San Andreas.  More cracks in the plot than in the ring of fire.  A very shaky plot.  No wonder there is such a tidal wave of derision in  these reviews!!  A seismograph could have written a better story.
B000001ES4|5.0|Magic Garden is without a doubt the most soothing and romantic CD I've ever heard.. I never tire of listening to this CD..It always makes me calm..
0451167716|5.0|First of all, I absolutely love the movies (Godfather I and Godfather II).  Now I feel I can say the same for the book.  (Who would have ever guessed Michael had a little sense of humor underneath his cool exterior?)  It  really gives you some depth to the characters, but action at the same time.   So either way you can't put it down!  I can't wait to watch the movie  again :)
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have never been more touched by anyone else than Sarah. Her words and her music really brings you to the deepest end of your emotions. It makes you sit up and think about the good and bad things that have ever happened  to you. True to yourself. She is waxing lyrical. She is a true musical  talent and a very excellent artist who draws beautifully. An amazing lady!  Deserving of not juz the 5 stars but an extra 1/2 for her sincerity.
B00000JGOH|5.0|OK, first of all a confession: I haven't seen the DVD (nor the video), but I will.  I HAVE seen the film and find it one of the most enjoyable and extraordinary movies ever produced.  The film is a joyful examination of  love, Elizibethan theater, and a delightful speculation on Shakespeare's  creative process.  The filming is breathtakingly beautiful; the actors'  performances (all of them) are exemplary for their clarity, wonderful  timing, and tremendous energy.  The film is unique because of the way it  communicates a love of theater and theater history.  Obviously, not  everyone loves this film, but I am so happy that it was made.  I  particularly enjoyed how the real people of Elizabethan theater were  provided with characterizations that motivated and infused them with  amazing vitality (such as the brilliant, comic, moment when Webster admits  that he particularly liked TITUS ANDRONICUS).  SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE is a  treasure.
0782008372|3.0|It's been said before about this transfer: the movie is good, but the DVD is bad.  I don't share the opinion that the director's cut ruined the movie.  The first scene in Madison Square Garden is botched now, and there  is an added WWII scene that explains something that doesn't need  explaining, but other than that, it's the same movie. The DVD transfer;  however, is less than good.  The picture is grainy and the sound is  muffled.  Perhaps it would have been better in 6 channel surround rather  than stereo, but I don't think so.  I've not looked, but if the VHS is  cheaper than the DVD, buy that instead.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I bought this album in Beijing, China, Apr. 1st1999. And I found something like an old painting that remind me of the shadow of my past. When I was not able to tell the bad from the good, the false from the true,  I led a dim living in wasting the expensive time without knowing that I  have only one chance to meet my family, my friends, my youth in my life.      I love especially 'Oh, Father', one of the most moving rhymes I have ever  heard. I wanna to say Thank You to the composer of the cyrics and the same  to Madonna for providing me with so beautiful experience that if I was back  in the days when my father was still alive. Thank you. I love it.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is my absolute favorite book in the world. I loved the tales of El-arhiah, and the author did a good job writing it, like telling you where they were, and explaining things from a rabbits point of view. If  you have not read it, i strongly reccomend it. I can't wait to read the  sequel. Sure, it is pretty long, but once you pick it up, you can't put it  down. I am only ten years old, and I read it in 2 or 3 days. Like I said  once you pick it up, you can't put it down, until your parents get angry  for staying up late reading it. I strongly reccomend it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000IQW3|3.0|I have literally waited for years for the wide-screen edition of this movie to be released (laserdisk never did so), so I bought the DVD immediately.<br />With the exception of a couple of places where thin white  vertical lines appeared on the screen (don't know if it's a poor original  or a bad pressing), the picture quality was satisfactory -- not great, a  little grainy for my taste.<br />But what's unforgiveable is the so-called  bonus materials.  (1) Every time you start the DVD, you are 'treated' to a  collage of boring images from Universal movies along with the Universal  logo.  At first I thought it was an ad.  It is.  It's just that is for  everything from Universal.  This outrageous use of forced viewing will  cause me to return a DVD next time.  (2) The so-called cast pictures are  poorly chosen and you can't control the rate at which they are displayed.  A complete waste of time.  (3) The director's voice-over method doesn't do  much for me.  I want to hear the director talk about the film, and  illustrate with a few well-chosen segments.  I don't know about you, but  I'm not going to watch an entire movie and listen to someone drone on in  the background throughout.<br />This so-called Collector's Edition was poorly  thought out, and is an insult to the user.  Thank goodness this is one of  the truly wonderful films of the scifi genre.  It actually has human  characters.  The story is Romantic (a quest), but it is well done --  inspiring if you're young, touching if you're older.  And there are  wonderful camera touches throughout that make you say, &quot;Wow, I really  love movies!&quot;  Although the graphics are not up to StarWars standards,  it's okay, because what you're really in it for is the story.<br />I'd write  to Criterion and see if they're going to release this film on DVD before  buying this shoddily produced regular commercial release.  Universal should  be ashamed of themselves for taking this deserving film and doing such a  mediocre job with it on DVD.e job with it on DVD.
6305313687|5.0|I can not recommend this movie highly enough....This one is a real eye opener! An outstanding performance by Edward Norton! With other great performances by Fairuza Balk, Stacy Keach, and Edward Furlong. If you are  fortunate enough to own a DVD player, the deleted scenes are a bonus. Too  bad there was no directors commentary. I will give away no plot points here  and just say that once in awhile a powerful film like this will come along  without getting the recognition it deserves. It seems much of the public  does not want to see the truth in film but rather watch it unfold on CNN.  As we watched the horror unfold in Littleton, Colorado we asked ourselves  why? Howcome? It is all around us; hatred seeps from our pores. Anymore it  seems we do not get along with one another regardless of race and now  everyone is looking for who to point the finger at. The answer is that we  have to start looking at ourselves as a whole, who we are and what we are  becoming. In the film Dereks brother Danny summed it up best in a report he  wrote for school, &quot;Hate is baggage. Life is too short to be pissed off  all the time. It's just not worth it.&quot; If you see one film this  year....Go see American History X!
B00000J7S8|4.0|I love Diana Krall (her &quot;Stepping Out&quot; album is my favorite), but I prefer the trio to the orchestra and strings that pop up much too often on this album. There's some great stuff here, especially her takes on  &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; and--a personal favorite--&quot;Pick  Yourself Up.&quot; I don't know if the strings and orchestra are an attempt  by her label to &quot;popify&quot; DK or what. As far as I'm concerned, the  sound with the trio was/is perfect and there was no need to tinker with  anything. In any case, strings or no strings, horns or no horns, it's still  a pleasure to hear Ms. Krall's sultry vocal on &quot;Do It Again&quot;:  &quot;Mama may scold me/'cause she told me/it was naughty, but then/please,  do it again.&quot; Ooh-la-la. Maybe this disc will grow on me, but for now  I prefer the overall sound of the first four albums.
6302415993|5.0|This is a truly great documentary. You can feel the tension in the air as a poorly planned concert goes awry.The music by the stones is truly top notch. Among the best parts are the Muscle Shoals Stones recording  sessions. It also includes Tina Turner, The Flying Burrito Brothers and  Jefferson Airplane.The best part is the Altamont footage. The Hell's Angels  seem to be remarkably restrained given their provacations by some drugged  out fans. This is a must see especially if you like early Stones or the  Stones period. But it is just worth watching even if you don't like them  due to the fan footage of a concert doomed from the start. You can just  feel the tension.5 stars
B000006ZDQ|5.0|From the in-your-face Neon Knights, to the melodic then Hell-Raising beauty of Children Of The Sea, and the hauntingly wonderful Heaven And Hell, this is Rock at its best.
B00000J2KT|5.0|I feel the much-maligned second half of this movie is equal to the first half. Not only is the squad action (when Joker and the rest go after the sniper) told in a compelling manner but is also shown with a clarity that  belies the complexity of staging a scene like this. The film is also unique  in portraying the elation of survival that every soldier feels after having  come through another conflict alive. Some saw the singing of the Mickey  Mouse theme as a snide comment on the callousness of American troops in  Vietnam. I think it was meant portray that feeling of joy that one has  lived to see another day.
0790733226|5.0|This movie is not really an action movie. It is not really a sci-fi movie. It's even not really a drama. It's a strange hybrid- your adrinaline rushes during the Machine startup sequence and the actual discovery of the  message; it doesn't focus only on the Machine; it doesn't focus only on the  lives of the people. It obtains an odd balance between the three factors,  something that is rarely seen.
B00000ILDE|5.0|THE DELETED SCENES MAKE AN ALREADY GREAT MOVIE EVEN GREATER.  BY FOR A MUST FOR ANY MOVIE COLLECTER.  BUY IT NOW.
B00000G3PA|1.0|I'd go into detail as to why I don't enjoy this movie, but most has already been said. Suffice to say that I now rate bad movies by how many time better than Armageddon they were - ex, Wind Commander got a 5 times  better, etc.<br />One nice thing, though - Ben Affleck is at his hunkyest in  this one ;)
6304196938|5.0|Supposedly, Cary Grant, aged 54, was contemplating retirement until Alfred Hitchcock asked a fourth role of him. Thank goodness he went for it! As good as Psycho is, it should never have eclipsed North By Northwest as  Hitchcocks most famous film. This is his masterwork, (in my opinion one of  the top three best films EVER), and for innumerable reasons the end result  is just an astonishing accomplishment. Justifiably famous for those two  scenes, (and the cropduster sequence is totally thrilling, though I always  wondered why the pilot decided to go kamikaze and plough into the petrol  tanker!), it has so much more to recommend it. Grant, present in virtually  every scene, is superb, and the Academy should forever hang their heads in  shame for ignoring this actor. He is matched, however, by Jessie Royce  Landis,(funny already in as much that she was also 54 yet plays his  mother!), who is utterly hilarious in her role. Everyone infact is good  form, and its a pity that James Mason, in his only Hitchcock performance,  is offscreen for an eternity after an impressive initial scene opposite  Grant. Alfred Hitchcock simply couldnt have paced this film better, and  what a wild ride it is, though if forced to pick a favourite moment it  would probably be in the auction room. I can never forget the lady turning  to call Grant a &quot;genuine idiot&quot; and him thanking her for it! This  is simply scintilating entertainment of the very highest order, I defy any  reasonably minded person to weary of it, because the second you see the  M.G.M. lion in green, and hear Bernard Herrmans brilliant score, you know  your in for one of the biggest treats of your life! Yes it really is THAT  good, even after a dozen viewings. If you dont own this, you cant be a  serious film fan. PERFECT!
B000002HPV|5.0|... but that is no reason NOT to buy this album. I've had it for a while - and when I first listened to it, I didn't really like it. Now - I listen to it quite frequently. It is very strange and takes a while to get into - but  it rules. &quot;Homogenic&quot; is a genre all it's own. It is so unique -  and that's what makes it great...<br />Songs like &quot;Unravel&quot; and  &quot;Immature&quot; don't strike as being &quot;Bjork-worthy&quot;, but  the other songs are great. Definitely more fierce and tense than her  previous albums. I like this better than &quot;Debut,&quot; but I think  that &quot;Post is probably better than this - however, this is still  great. My favourites are &quot;Alarm Call,&quot; &quot;Pluto,&quot; &quot;5  Years,&quot; &quot;All Neon Like,&quot; and &quot;Bachelorette.&quot; The  others are good too - but those songs are exceptional. It doesn't matter  who you are - but there is definitely something for you on  &quot;Homogenic.&quot;
0670813028|5.0|This was the best book I have ever read!  The plot and the characterzation was awesome. I could releate to the characters, which was really cool.  Read it, and don't be intimidated by it's lengthy page number, because it  goes so fast.  Pennywise was very scary.  I had nightmares about It!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|The &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;, is the best tune to offer from her album.  It was sad and disappointing that &quot;Puffy Daddy&quot;, Big Pun, and etc. made this album out of a mockery.  If I had to chose a producer or  producers for this album, I would keep the producer of &quot;If You Had My  Love&quot; and I would have commissioned Babyface, Dallas Green (TLC),  Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis (Janet Jackson), and Will Smith.  Please that  Gloria Estefan tune belonged on her Congo album.  Chin-up Jennifer and try  again.
0790736918|5.0|His best ever,all time! in this movie we are treated to a side of John Wayne the movie goer hadn`t seen before. His singlness of purpose that we are used to turns into a black obsesion, we also get a glipse of forbidden  love plus a hint of unsavory dealings following the War.What we are seeing  is a composit of many soldiers coming home to Texas after Appomatox.
B000002UZ4|5.0|I never really heard much of Pet Shop Boys, but I saw this CD and decided to try it.  I really liked a heck of a lot of the songs, especially &quot;Opportunities&quot; [that song cracks me up], &quot;It's a sin,&quot; &quot;Always on my mind&quot; and &quot;Where the streets have no name.&quot;<br />I also bought the CD singles to some of the songs.  They have some really cool techno-remixes.  Awesome stuff!
B000002UB3|5.0|As someone who grew up listening to the Beatles (Paul is a day older then I am) as well as other artists of the era, I think that the Beatles were probably the most influencial musicians in popular music history.  Of all  their endevours, I think Abbey Road is their best ever (St. Pepper a close  second).  In fact, the last 15 minutes of this album, from Mean Mr. Mustard  to the end,  may be some of the finest music ever recorded.  Anyone who  appreciates great popular music NEEDS this album.
0380778556|5.0|I'm 14 years old and I read this book for a school book report.  I usually don't like classics, but this one was really good since it was also a mystery novel and I love mysteries.  This one was also a great thriller.  The beginning was a little boring, but don't get discouraged 'cause it's  worth the wait.  I know other people who've read it and liked it so I  really think you should read this awesome book.
0790737973|1.0|This the worst movie of the decade. Absoulty horrible acting, and a boring villian that you didn't even seen. Sphere is just a waist of Garbage and should be thrown out.
6305426651|5.0|Perhaps one of the finest tragicomics since Charlie Chaplin or Buster Keaton, Roberto Benigni has created something rare: A movie which transcends religion or genre. It is a movie which affects everyone, and a  brilliant movie at that. See it again and again, if you have a father, if  you have a child, if you have a heart, this one's for you. Bravo for  Benigni! Life is Beautiful is truly an excellent film!
6302293553|5.0|I loved this movie when I first saw it right after it's release.  The DVD version is crisp and clean for an older movie.  The sound is not up to today's standards.  But it is still one of the funniest movies ever made.   You've got to own it if you like funny movies.
B000005Z0E|5.0|2pac was and is the most talented rapper ever!even on his first album you can tell that he has a message to spread. all of us 2pac fanatics know that when you listen to 2PACALYPSE NOW you are beginning the evolution that is  Tupac.RIP Tupac Shakur FOREVER!!!!
B000002KGT|5.0|This album &amp; &quot;Mirage&quot; by Fleetwood Mac are absolute masterpieces. Can't say much more. Except that if I could give this album more stars I would.
B000001DVD|5.0|For those who want a CD to play for their girlfriend, or if they happen to be chewing bubble gum, pull out the Hysteria or later offerings.  If you want some real rock and roll then you can't get better than High and Dry  from Def Lep.   This is what rock is about, attitude, great grooves, and  kick ass guitar playing.  Pyromania comes a close second, and though it's  better produced with great songs and better singing (in the technical  sense) from Joe Elliot, it cannot top the rock and roll attitude and guitar  riffs of H&amp;D, which in my opinion makes it better.   Another overlooked  example from 80's metal(?)  Motley Crue's first album Too Fast for Love.   It's raw, unpolished, and definitely not over produced.  But it's got great  songs, great attitude, Mick Mars plays some intense riffs and the whole  band kicks ass...it's rock and roll
0783229526|5.0|Honest to God, boys and girls, I thought all they allowed in that fine, vast state were ritual lynchings and burrito stands... Glad I've been proven wrong... Oh, yeah, the movie... One of the most visually stunning  films I've ever seen... Depp is absolutely majestic as the Good Doctor, and  Benicio both sickened and sexually aroused me as Dr. Gonzo... The first  twenty minutes of the film are undeniably the best, an uncontrollable  rollercoaster ride straight to Hell and back with nothing to hold onto  except a half-empty beer can and the back of my attorney's neck... See it  ten, twenty, thirty times and then realize that too many viewings will  never be enough...<br />OK,<br />CAL
B00000J7JO|4.0|To be quiet frank with you, this is the best chili peppers album to date.  I like all the classic albums, Mothers Milk, Blood, Sugar, and One Hot Minute, but this album is tops.  It does not have that cutting edge funk  groove as do the others, but if you just want a break from the heavy  stuff(i.e. Slayer, Metallica, Soulfly.) Grab a copy of this CD.  It's  relaxing and definately catchy.
0345423496|1.0|A true example of a &quot;non-story.&quot;  The beginning had potential but it went nowhere.  At the end, I kept thinking I had missed something.  A virus???  How many stories not to mention big-hit sci-fi movies, have  ended that way?  Potential point s of drama were missed.  It really felt  like a book written to deadline for money. &quot;2001&quot; and  &quot;2010&quot; deserved far better.
0684867621|5.0|Now, listen up, all you negative reviewers.  True, this was not like King's other books, but Carrie and Salem's Lot were almost universes apart!  So what if it's different?  It's still enjoyable.  King has captured the  feeling of being stalked by a wild animal perfectly in this book!  No  matter who you are, if the image of 1,000 dead and mutilated deer hanging  in the trees didn't at least make you uneasy, you're lying.  This book was  everything the name promises, and while the villan didn't turn out to be  what I expected or hoped, the narrative and imagry was, as always,  flawless.  Keep it up and bravo, Mr. King.  We LOYAL fans are still behind  you!
0451160916|5.0|This is one of only two books I have ever read that I had to close in the middle, and wait before reading on, it was that scary. Truly a masterwork. Other great haunted house books include &quot;Hell House&quot; and the  &quot;Haunting of Hill House&quot;, but I felt this one outdid them all.
6304935811|5.0|i've watched this movie and it is awsome.i love war movies.and out of all the war movies i've seen well this one tops them all
0684867621|2.0|I can't believe that readers were &quot;touched&quot; by Trisha McFarland....how could you care when it was SO obvious that she would make it out of the woods?This story( please note: I say story, not novel!) would  have been more suspenseful had the child molester in fact been in the  woods...hiding from him would have seemed more plausible than being stalked  for days by a bear! As to the ending, how about Trisha's parents arranging  to have the real Tom Gordon come to meet her @ the hospital? Her  disappearance had been publicized, so it would not have been unrealistic  for a major leaguer to respond after hearing of her devotion. Now that  would have been a big finish to an otherwise lame book!P.S. Believe it or  not, I am a Stephen King fan!
0792838912|1.0|I hated it and regret that I bought it.  Bought it because I'm a big Kim Basinger fan.  But this movie did nothing for me but keep my finger on FF.  Save your money and if you want to see 9 1/2 weeks maybe they'll show it on  cable or something.
6304683960|5.0|A must for all STYX fans!De Young is fantastic with a very mature vocalrange vs. his younger sounding voicefrom earlier days. Excellent guitar work from Shaw and J.Y.Panazzo is stoich as ever but is right in the  middle of it all!A big hand for Todd Sucherman who fills the shoes of  thelate ,great John Panazzo. Every song takes me back in time when STYX  wasthe hottest band of the 70s &amp;80sworth every cent for total concert  enjoyment! this video will definetely have you ROCKIN IN PARADISE!!!!
B000005KC1|5.0|This cd shows Mariah's true side. Her voice is not screaming all the time in this, but just letting the words flow naturallly from her soul. Close my Eyes,Butterfly,and Outside are probably the most sad songs she has ever  recorded. This is a must get!
6302763835|5.0|THIS ONE HAS THE IDEA OF &quot;THE BEGINNING OF THE END.&quot;  IN STEAD OF PLANT FOOD THERE ARE INJECTIONS ALL AROUND. THE MAD SCIENTIST GETS HIS(WHAT A SUPRISE.) ALTHOUGH YOU CAN FEEL SORRY FOR THIS ONE.  THIS MOVIE  IS LIKIBLE. AND A STANDERT 50'S LOVE  STORY. GIVES YOU A WARM FUZZY.     THIS ONE IS NOT ABOUT RADIATION, BUT MESSING WITH NATURE. COULD BE  &quot;PROPHICES&quot; GRANDFATHER  WATCH FOR CLINT, HIS DAY WAS MADE.   GREAT FOR AN OLDTIME CREATURE DOUBLE FRATURE. SO SIT WITH YOUR BEST GIRL, A  BOWL OF POPCORN AND RETURN TO A SIMPLER TIME FOR A FEW HOURS. YOU OWE IT TO  YOURSELF. HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD TIME. WE DID.
0425129586|5.0|Ten strangers are gathered on an island by a mysterious host. Together they share their deepest secrets about their dark past and one by one they begin to die.
6303012140|5.0|SANDRA'S SWEET INNOCENCE TAKES THE EDGE OFF THIS TOUGH GUY FILM. SHE IS TO SPARTIN WHAT ADERIAN WAS TO ROCKY.  THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE GREAT. SOME OF THE DIALOG LAGS AT TIMES BUT THE STRENGTH OF THE CHARACTERS CARRIES THIS  ONE THROUGH.  CHECK OUT THE END...WOW. I OWN THIS TITLE AND HAVE SEEN IT 60  TIMES. ONE QUESTION THOUGH. WHAT ARE THOSE THREE SEASHELLS ABOUT ANY WAY..A  QUESTION FOR THE AGES. WORTH A SEQUAL? I THINK SO. GOOD FARE..JTS
B000002ZM3|5.0|Colin Tilney's playing is excellent.  His interpretations are unique, consistent, and stimulating, and the use of clavichord on book 1 is a special novelty, though I would be anxious to hear his harpsichord  interpretations of the same pieces.  This recording is educative not only  for the clavichord/harpsichord comparison, but also because a baroque  tuning is used (Kirnberger?), different from equal-temperament such that  pieces in different keys really *do* sound different, as Bach intended.  (Equal-temperament, the tuning system which is now in fashion, was not in  fashion in Bach's time, as the copious program notes discuss.)  And, if all  you want is some nice background music, this recording is that, too.
B00000FDHG|5.0|It was a realy inexplainable, awesome, really really great CD. But the box set is a little expensive, it's ,uch easier to just go out and buy the CD for about 20$ the boxset hat i got includes a shirt necklace cd and a  container thing its really cool but expensive ALANIS ROX FOREVER I LOVE YOU  THANK YOU!
0380973464|3.0|First, lets just say its long, real long.  However, the uniqueness of the plot which is both complex and variegated drives the reader along page after page.  At times the prose is beautiful and at other times  Stephenson's style is cumbersome and unfriendly to the reader.   Unfortunately, Stephenson seems to be unable to succinctly convey his  thoughts to the reader even with so many words at his disposal.  Finally, I  must say that the endings is rather an anticlimax.  Nevertheless, the novel  is fairly enjoyable, mostly due to its refreshingly innovative concepts and  would be recommended to those who are interested in computer technology  and/or WWII history.  If you have the time, that is.
B0000065PD|4.0|I found this to be a rare experience where you wish the editing team had left it a bit longer and you got to see some of the footage that was clipped.  While Russell's performance may be a bit one-dimensional, but  then the character he plays is just that -- someone transforming BACK from  the 'dark' to a, pardon the cliche, well rounded person.  Spader on the  otherhand comes off better than 'well' from the start as the geek  archiologist -- looking a bit like Bill Gates at that, whose more human  side likewise transforms.  The good special effects augment a strong story  rather than being the centerpeice itself.  Veteran actress Vivica Linfors  is perfect as the kindly if somewhat matriachical civilian project leader  whose domain is overtaken by the military.  Overall it is an evenly  enjoyable experience with good production values that draws in the audiance  and holds them all the way through; certainly a credit to good direction  but equally so to a fine script.
B00000JGHM|5.0|top of my list when it comes to movies...great character development which is so hard to find in movies now days...pacino and deniro show us why they are a part of the best hollywood has to offer.  the movie has great action,  but its more about the characters and their lives.  i think the theme of  choices in life, everyday life for that matter are part of the underlying  theme. if you haven't seen it, then put it on the list.
