1455519006|5.0|We read and collect all David Baldacci books and he never disappoints putting out a great book. We received it quickly and love it
B009IEXKXI|5.0|What a great find...Thanks Amazon.  Mr. Weir has crafted a spellbinding yarn that takes you to mars and back.<br /><br />Mark Watney is a terrific character and it was a pleasure to spend a couple years with him on the red planet.<br /><br />I almost took a point off for the final exchange between Mark and the young boy at the end.  I felt his response was out of character and didn't fit with the rest of the book.<br /><br />Really an amazing book.  I'll keep my eyes peeled for more from Mr. Weir.
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|THIS GAME IS ALOT OF FUN. I HAVE HAD IT FOR ABOUT TWO MONTHS  AND HAVE YET TO SPEND EVEN A PENNY.
B000002LPD|5.0|This was the first album I ever bought in 1991. It's the last Van Halen CD I'm buying. Great condition.
B004DLPXAO|4.0|I enjoy the kindle app, but it is a little difficult to look at the different books on my tablet.  It is probably just my tablet.  I do wish the free book selections had a description about each book, and I think it may be a good idea to itemize the adult type books by themselves. I don't know any of the adult books' titles.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|I was so surprised how fast this item shipped, and how good of quality this product was when I received it.
1467934925|1.0|This book is not real economics.  Only politicians and their court economists believe that digging ditches and filling them up again creates wealth.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I was so surprised how fast this item shipped, and how good of quality this product was when I received it.
B0085P2Z6E|3.0|It is pretty fun. I wish it would give a little more variety.  But it is good.I would reccommend it.
B001OQCV6A|4.0|I was so surprised how fast this item shipped, and how good of quality this product was when I received it.
B008476HBM|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is an awesome book. You can not help but fall in love with Mr. Darcy and admire Elizabeth, she is a strong and smart woman, he is sexy and handsome. It is obvious they are meant to be together and the fact the it is him that realizes he is in love with her sooner than she does, it makes it even better. :-)
B009ZQ8FQG|4.0|I liked this series.  It is interesting to see the portrayal of the demise of the manor house way of life.
B00A8ECU24|5.0|This is one of the cutest games I've played, and it's fun for all age groups that enjoy the TV show. :3
B00ATDOVNK|5.0|Good puzzle game. It has a bit of everything and should keep most people entertained for three or four hours. Starts off free but you will have to pay for the unlock to get the whole story. You also get some extra content as well. Graphically stunning on galaxy s2 and soun is good, especially through headphones. Is made a little easy with puzzle skip button and using domino's instead of find the object. I don't like paying for games but didn't mind with this one. Would definately play more of these type of games. Be mindful of the 'very' large download ( wi-fi only )
B001VLXNLU|5.0|I really love this book!!!! My teacher told me to read it because I finished the twilight series...I better start reading the next book!!!
B000005AYL|3.0|I was expecting the record to arrive in it's original packaging. Instead it came in a plain black cardboard sleeve with a picture on the top of it. I'm glad to have it, but I wanted it for the original album cover as well as the record.
0793518326|3.0|The book is way over my head. I sent it back. It's very thorough, but I can't judge whether it's accurate or not, but I suppose it is. Only one comment I would feel competent to make...the type is a bit light in contrast to the paper, making it hard to read.
B005LAII12|1.0|I paid full price for a movie that is a \\"rental version\\". Wtf. The picture says unrated yet the box that I got says \\"RENTAL\\" really big on the box and has all the features disabled. Freaking ridiculous.
B007TK77QE|3.0|The story started ok but quickly became bogged down with too many characters . I found it heavy going and quite dark with few characters having any likeable qualities. The style of story telling was rather too fussy and had unnecessary detail which slowed the progress somewhat.
B0089K7DGW|4.0|The main reason for four stars is I think that the first season moved somewhat slow.  I'd give Mad Men season one the same rating, because it was also extremely slow.  Boardwalk Empire wasn't as bad as Mad Men starting off, though.  There is a great writing here, fantastic characters, strong actors, and many combustible elements and relationships.  The season finale was particularly good.  I'm looking forward to the second season.<br /><br />As a package deal, it should get five stars:  the Blu-Ray set, the regular DVD set, and digital copy for both iTunes and Ultraviolet!  Plus, the price was low at $37.  Can't beat that.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Awesome fun! Highly addictive (:  we have great  graphics ...<br />Places change too for subways<br />Remember to buy items and  look often and do daily things and challenges ...
B007N3206E|5.0|I've always like this movie and I jumped at the chance to get this at a such a good price!
B003V6L94Q|5.0|i like this band a whole lot. not much else to say other than i love it. many songs here that are just great. would recomend for all country fans. its a good buy.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book held my attention from start  to finish. Could not put it down. Can't wait to see what happens next.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|Perfect. Fast downloads. Much better than itunes. The new auto-rip feature for cds is wonderful. I hope it will include vinyl in the future. (Sooner rather than later)  Love it love it love it!!!
B003Y5H53S|5.0|Animation is an artistic medium not a genre<br /><br />For all the parents who are bitching that \\"This film is not for kids\\"<br /><br />SCREW YOU!!!!!<br /><br />Im sorry you can't understand art, and I feel really sorry for your kids which Im sure who show them stupid movies like Ice Age movies, and Shark Tale<br /><br />BUT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THE ART OF ANIMATION!!!!!!<br /><br />Im 21 year old, this is my favorite animated film, just because your kid with probably ADD doesn't like it, dose not make this a bad film.<br /><br />Rango is an American Cinematic Classic. The plot, the acting, the special effects, are all brillant and Oscar worthy<br /><br />LOOK UP ANIMATION AGE GHETTO, and see  why its PARTIALLY YOUR FAULT why Hollywood make terrible animated films like Planet 51, and Open Season
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I could not ask for a better case for my kindle! It fits perfectly and provides a great deal of protection, I highly recomend getting this for your kindle.
B000002NHN|5.0|I had this CD before but I guess I misplaced it, so I had already heard the music.  Loreena Mckennitt's music is absolutely fantastic and this is a must have CD for anyone into new age music or just beautiful, peaceful music.
030758836X|1.0|I hated this book.  The beginning was slow but by mid-book I was enthralled until the ending which I hated and felt was totally unrealistic.  I could not symapthize or empathize with the characters.  I frankly didn't care what happened to them.  It was a totally unbelieavable story.  I wish I had the time back that I spent reading this book.
B008I43DYU|4.0|Nice to have I like to be about to work and have this available as a need be works well
B005O7PXNS|5.0|love this show and very convenient to have all the episodes available at one time instead of waiting a week
B000VZP6LC|5.0|I love this show and thought it would be great to add to my kindle to watch when I get ready
B00AFEXRME|5.0|Great to be able to have a movie arrive by Prime a day after it's released, and not have to go out and shop for it. Interesting to have available a really gripping movie with some merit to it, to go along with your own popcorn as you sit in a comfortable chair in front of your computer.
B003VBNN7C|5.0|I seen this movie before and the name was not familiar so I rented it and glad I did enjoyed the story
1439102813|5.0|A simple purchase, pay and wait scenario.  The book came in a few days and the postage was not exorbitant.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|This book had a lot of things that changed the tone also a lot of action and twists and turns I loved it so much I couldn't stop reading it was so amazing so descriptive and I love how it lets you use your imagination to see things but it doesn't let you too carried away because it always comes back to tell you more about it.
B0094K1MH2|4.0|kind of long but it was fun, looked realiy,real The did like it , but bored after three- quarter though
B00122O34O|5.0|Excellent musical score for a very unique and insightful movie.  A must-have soundtrack for enthusiasts of fresh, innovative music.  Well worth the price at twice the cost.
B006YGC7KK|4.0|Blu-ray has better pictures. I have been waiting for this and finally got the copy. Love the action and the story line. Looking forward for the 3rd season Blu-ray
B0044C5SCU|5.0|I heard that peter will be killed off the show. Can't wait for season 4 to start.  A little too much drama but still ok.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|This is my 3rd copy of this cgi flick. I totally love the enhanced graphics! The fight between Cloud & Sephiroth in the DVD version was mind tingling but in the Blu-ray it was a work of art. The added feature of having Masamune 'sing' every time Sephiroth moved was nothing short of amazing. But don't just take my word for it, if you enjoyed the original Advent Children release then you love the enhance Blu-ray copy, I certainly did!
B0044C5SCU|5.0|Just when you thought they might have a problem keeping up the amazing stories, they knock it out of the park all over again! It is like watching a baseball team that hits home runs every time at bat! They continue to stagger the story line so you have one theme happening one episode and then another picks up the next time and at times they both merge in one episode! This show should be considered required viewing for any writer or director! They are establishing the new paradigm for brilliance in television and it really is the only Oasis in the TV badlands! I hope these writers start their own school and re-educate Hollywood!
0321344758|5.0|This book is concise, and full of great ideas to boost the traffic to your website, keep visitors on it longer, and generally make your online business more profitable.  What more could you want?
B00AAQ7JNA|1.0|poor sound and the picture not so great<br />you would think she would invest more with all the money she makes
0316227706|5.0|This is an awesome book with lots of very cool photos inside. I showed it to my parents and even my father, who is usually pretty grumpy, enjoyed flipping through the pages and enjoying the photography. This is a book to make animal-lovers smile. The photographs are wonderful and the dogs are funny and look outrageously happy. They also have a directory of dogs who appeared in the book in the back so you can see them non-drenched. :)
B00009TB5G|3.0|I LOVE the movies but one of the DVDs hesitates - freezes position and then plays so I was disappointed that even though they were new something happened in transition to make it 'freeze' during playing time.  :(
B0098460O4|5.0|I really love these two!!  Their voices intertwined beautifully.  I play this CD over and over again, and still love their sounds.
B005USZYDU|5.0|I really like this book and would read other books with him in it.  John has done a great job with this young fellow.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|easy and fun more realistic than any other horse game I have ever found. greatnto pass time even my 3 year old loves it. she loves to feed and pet the horses lol we take turns playing the game.
B001NLKWLW|5.0|The Forgotten Garden. Wonderful story.I could not put it down.would recommend it to any book club.great material for group discussion.Love Kate Morton's style.
B005EGXNLS|5.0|Mr. Cornwell is among my favorite living authors.  He breathes life into history with vivid characterizations and documents the probable events informing the background of his works.
B00BB9PVQM|3.0|I've watched the first three episodes and I'm not hooked yet. This is being said as I'm a huge Bacon and Purefoy fan. I find most of the characters bland and uninteresting on the FBI side. Bacon is  decent, Purefoy is well - his normal charming self and as I've always said - is probably one of the better actors who can pull off a convincing villain. The rest of the cast? The killers are interesting. Their sub-plot makes you wonder how they got where the are and so you keep watching. But the FBI team? Are just ho-hum. I couldn't care less about them and glaring plot-holes aside? It's an 'ok' show. I'm hoping that it's a slow start and turns good at some point in the future. Cause right now? It's just a mediocre rehash of so many different serial killer genres crushed into one point.<br /><br />But hey, I'm optimistic - maybe, just maybe it'll pull itself up.
B008HK3XU4|4.0|Needs a pocket or more room  to put pen / dabber in it  & to be able to stand better vertical
B0085P2Z6E|5.0|I love the challenge it has on some levels it started out simple but the challenge it became was fun
B00B2V66VS|4.0|My two boys love to play this game and enjoy everything on it.  Overall this is fun for kids and adults.
B001UTW7QU|5.0|Just started watching and now in to story line and have to finish all the seasons. Great show and good story.
B00AEJM6H2|5.0|This game is so addictive.  I enjoy playing this as much or more than my kids that are 7 and 9.  This has been a great purchase!!
B008M7JODC|5.0|Fringe plays hard and fast, making bold decisions even in the first season. Some X-Files comparisons aside, Fringe is a solid show and this season starts it off on a great foot.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This is a great game that really keeps my boys entertained.  They love the things they can earn with the coins and can play it for more than 5 minues without getting bored.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|This book was an amazingly story and overall story of life beautifully toldbl again by Nicholas sparks. Bravo to him. Newborn coming!!!!
B0083ZRAJS|5.0|I think it was really good and I liked that Dorothy didn't know the power of the shoes because then at the end she was able to help her friend get their wishes.
B00ADS98FC|5.0|Great movie on a great quality Kindle Fire HD! Love that i had a $9 credit so not only did i get the sale price for this movie but even less. So worth it!
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Has worked really well and has been in use for over a year and it shows no wear or tear.
B00785P2QC|5.0|It's one of the best  game I have played for a tablet in a long time.  Never have a better family base game been so fun. It's better then Sims.
B000JMKTLO|5.0|Quality story line and written extremely well. Gillian Flynn is one of my favorite new writers. Every time I recommend this book to friends, it always comes back with rave reviews.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|love it its a great game! it is so much fun to sit and play and feel like ur taking care of a real horse!
B008NW67E0|5.0|I bought this the day it came out because I loved their first album so much.  I was not disappointed at all.  If all you've ever heard of it is the single, &#34;I Will Wait&#34; you should know that that is probably the worst song on the album, not that it's a bad song, but the whole thing is just amazing!!  Also, the bonus tracks are totally worth it.
0060934913|4.0|Anthony Bourdain has risen from relative obscurity outside the New York restaurant scene to become practically a household name with more than one long-running and successful show on cable.  The spark for that rise is this book, \\"Kitchen Confidential\\", which is both ribald memoir and dissertation on the state and nature of cooking for living.<br /><br />Readers who have worked in kitchens will find much with which they are familiar, and if they - like me - have moved on, they are likely to find it both nostalgic and funny.  Likewise, stories from the author's past are humorous, cringe-inducing, or both, and his thoughts on cuisine, what it takes to be successful, and perhaps most importantly his honesty about his own failings, make for a well-written and entertaining (if profane) read.
B005D0TETK|2.0|This recording is awful. Would not recommend this to anyone. Not sure why Paul Rodgers would even let this one out.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|Wow.  I went into this thinking it would be a simple book. It is supposed to take place in a very small world right?  Well I was wrong. It was a wonderful book with some great twists and turns.
B009YQJ322|3.0|Spoilers in this review:<br />Liked:<br />(1) Good acting.<br />(2) Mentor/protege relationship between Dredd and Anderson.<br />(3) Production design was believable as a dark, slumlike dwelling.<br />Disliked:<br />(1) Excessive blood splatter in slow motion.  If you like films where characters are shot in the face and stomach in slow motion, and murder victims shown with bits of brain and gore everywhere, this film shows that.<br />(2) Film is a 24 hour day in the work life of Dredd - we learn nothing about Dredd other than he is competent at his job, which we learn in the first few minutes of meeting him.  He hints that the job is difficult (in meeting with his boss), but the story itself never shows him having difficulty with it.  No character arc, no reason for audience to attach to him, audience can respect him for doing his job conscientiously, but except for the fact that he is determined to do his job as well as he can, which we learn in his first confrontation with the first junkies, Dredd's work throughout the story is a variation on his insistence of high quality law enforcement, but we don't see his effort (probably in part because the mask covers his face).  Even getting shot he uses to teach his rookie how to apply a basic field dressing.  A character outstanding at his job isn't enough for an audience to attach to him; the audience needs more information, but the filmmakers basically had him saying he is the law, and apparently felt that was enough.  That may be enough for fanboys, but for audiences unfamiliar with the character, there was insufficient information to understand Dredd.  For example, why was he so dedicated?  I needed to know more about him as a character to better sympathize with him.<br />(3) Anderson is introduced as a psychic, yet she fails to anticipate being kidnapped, being shot, and also that Dredd would accept her as a Judge.  If the storytellers wanted her to be seen as partially psychic, they should have mentioned the limitsof her powers before those limits were shown in the story.  Should we trust her word as truth or shouldn't we - she is used inconsistently.<br />(4) Poorly realized master villan.  Ma Ma was given as the top villan in the story, yet we are first introduced to her as she is getting high.  It's hard to believe that a junkie could successfully run a drug empire because a junkie is not in control of herself while she is high, therefore during those times, her lieutenants and/or her competitors could easily kill her and steal her business from her.  Also, she makes the mistake of killing other junkies in the beginning of the story, and displaying their bodies in such a way that causes their deaths to be reported to the authorities, thereby bringing the Judges to the building; a very bad decision.  Yes she has corrupt Judges on her payroll (and who knows how far up the corruption goes in this story), but why bring unnecessary attention to her empire - very poor judgement for a master villan.  In addition, after she made the call to kill the junkies, and the Judges come and capture her second lieutenant, and he, by cunning, manages to escape, and capture a Judge in training at the same time, Ma Ma slaps and berates him and tells him the whole debacle is his fault, when in fact, it is her fault, and based entirely on her own decisions.  In other words, Ma Ma is a chief villan in name only, and nowhere in the story does she demonstrate competent, not to mention  exceptional, villan skills.  In a story where it is an automatic death sentence to attempt to kill a Judge, it's not bright for a character to place a hit on Judges with thousands of people as witnesses to it, over a loudspeaker.  A more effective strategy would have been to kill her second lieutenant before he left the building.  Doing that would have avoided having a direct confrontation with Dredd, and would have solved Ma Ma's problem of stopping her lieutenant from spilling his guts under interrogation, which was her principle goal.  It does not help a story to have a stupid top villan, it doesn't make the hero seem more heroic, it just makes the story seem dumb.  Also, it doesn't help a story to introduce a character representing them as top villan, and the story giving no example of them being top anything.  For example, Anderson was introduced as a psychic - though her psychic abilities were not on display throughout the story, there were some points in the story where they were demonstrated, so the audience saw that she was introduced as a psychic, and the story shows her to be a psychic.  In the case of Ma Ma, Ma Ma is introduced as the top villan, but the story itself provides no opportunities to display her superior villan skills.  Ma Ma was cruel and sadistic, but many film criminals are cruel and sadistic, it takes more than that to be a believable and competent master film criminal.  In a world where the State has technical and warfare superiority, intelligence is a minimum requirement for a believable film villan.  Villany, in my opinion, is hi-risk and hi-stress, it seems a very difficult career choice, and dumb villans would find themselves post haste imprisoned or worse.  In Dredd, Ma Ma should have been presented at the top of her game.  Then more tension could have been added to the story by having the audience worry if Dredd and Anderson would make it out alive.  The way Ma Ma is written, she poses no threat to Dredd in my opinion, and it is no surprise that he and Anderson not only escape, but complete their job of taking out her gang.<br />(5) Music.  Just didn't like it as it was mostly used to punch up the violence, which I didn't like either.<br />(6) Not believable that paramedic would have refused to allow Judges to shelter at the Medic Center.  Police officers, firefighters, paramedics, all first responders, in my opinion, share a camraderie (sp?).  I found it totally unbelievable that the onsite paramedic would not have allowed the Judges to enter the Medic Center once the Judges were under attack - 100% unbelievable.<br />(7) Anderson's capture - I thought Dredd had the shot and could have stunned Anderson and her kidnapper.  Ma Ma's lieutenant, Kay (I think was his name), had his arms around Anderson and the gun, but from what I saw the gun was not pointed at Anderson, and I thought Dredd had a shot, and could have stunned them.  This is a film of course, and it's easy to armchair quarterback, and thank god I've never been in a gun battle, but I looked at the film many, many, many times and I thought Dredd could have stunned Kay and Anderson and thereby prevented her kidnapping.<br />(8) World in which Dredd takes place is said to be future America, where nearly a billion people are squeezed into about 1/4 of the present country.  No information given as to how a billion people are fed and watered, if the rest of the country is a wasteland. Where does their energy come from? Their clothes?  Nobody looked as though they were starving - a poor beggar asks for drugs, not for food.<br />(9) Disliked that Ma Ma was thrown out of a window by a man twice her weight to her death.  The storytellers protected this part of the story, showing why they had Dredd throw her from the window - but I am a woman, and I took absolutely no pleasure in seeing a man throw a woman by her neck out of a window.  Tinge of mysogeny (sp?) there from the storytellers, in my opinion, mostly shown by how much the filmmakers protected that image in the story.  To that same point, hated the mental rape scene Kay subjected Anderson to.  She was a police officer, disgusting that she was shown being raped.  Is this what the filmmakers think their male target audience wants, hyper violence and rape?<br />(10) Black people in the drug business.  I am African-American and am so tired of seeing African-Americans as top people in the drug trade.  Here's my opinion, though I cannot prove it - despite the tens of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars our country spends on drug prevention, drugs are apparently as easy to obtain in most large American cities as milk at the local grocery store (no direct experience, opinion based on what I read).  If that is the case, there is corruption somewhere in our system.  I am sorry to report, as a middle age African American woman, I have yet to see in my own personal life powerful African American men - there is the president, but I do not know him.  To get drugs into this country, despite the laws and deterrents, someone is being paid and someone is granting access, people with power.  There are no doubt lots of independent operators, but in reading the newspaper/articles over the years, drugs are so prevalent that major drug routes must be open into the country for the drugs to flow apparently so freely, and drugs like meth and pot (sometimes planted in national parks), are homegrown, which I read about in newspapers when police make large busts.  And yet in drug themed film stories, you see African American men wheeling and dealing, but the men with power in this country are Caucasian, and you don't see representations in large enough amounts of those men at the highest levels in drug themed films.  I do not say that some African American men are not involved in the drug trade; I only say that they are, in my opinion, minor players - though minor players are bad too.  Nor do I mean to imply that a majority of American Caucasian men are involved in the illegal drug trade, that would obviously be untrue, as most Americans of all ethnicities are hardworking and law abiding.  I do believe though that despite advances in the country for minorities and women, the real power brokers in this country are still primarily men, Caucasian men.  Nothing against Caucasian men, who I count among my ancestors, as well as Africans, but apparently some have so much power that even film stories don't show the dirty deeds of some of the law breakers who happen to be Caucasian,in the proportion to which I suspect they play a part.  I'm not racist or sexist against Caucasian men (my ancestors after all, in part, make me who I am), but I do believe that power in this country, real power, belongs, still, predominantly to Caucasian men, though admittedly not the average working class or middle class person.  I'm not speaking of ordinary people when I talk of drug lords, and I don't know enough about drug lords to recognize one if I saw him or her, because, in my opinion, if they are successful in an illegal business, they would by necessity keep their business on the down low, as out of sight as possible.  So you see how unbelievable Ma Ma's appears in comparison, when she orders the Judges murdered over a loud speaker in the slum building where she lives.  That would be much too blatant for a successful drug lord, even one with Judges in their pocket.  How interesting it would have been then if the film had showed how far up the corruption in the Judge's Department went, how much more interesting to show a character with real power, more likely to be Caucasian and male, instead of the dumb villans shown in this cartoon.  The story would have been alot more believable and frightening.  As the filmmakers decided on a female villan, she needed to be smart and successful in her business, and that intelligence and success needed to be the story displayed for the audience; it's not something to be told the audience as the paramedic fills the Judges in about drug violence in the complex, but it needed to be part of the story, as much as Dredd taking out bad guys was the story.  Ma Ma ended up killing thousands of innocent citizens living in the building in her attempt to kill the Judges.  That was villanous behavior, but it occurred out of her interaction with the Judges.  Before that mass murder, the story needed to establish Ma Ma as brilliant, cool under fire, ruthless and utterly egotistical businesswoman, at the top of her game.  She was ruthless and egotistical, but unintelligent - no match for Dredd.  But this was a mistake by the writer, for she needed to be so villanous that the audience would wonder how Dredd could take her out.  The Judges are trained in urban warfare; Ma Ma, despite the violence surrounding her, ran a business.  Fighting Dredd was not playing to her strengths (of which I saw none), she is a capitalist who uses violence to maintain her business - her business is not the art of war.  Her men, though willing to do her bidding, are untrained and obviously unprepared to fight against a seasoned Judge and his rookie.  Nor did Ma Ma have a strategic mind.  It is the villan who sets the bar in a film story; the tougher and more dangerous the villan, the greater the hero's success is celebrated by the audience if the hero succeeds.  Remember the jubilation felt when Luke destroyed the death star in Star Wars IV - the audience was so pleased because the empire pushed all the right buttons as a villan; they were successful, better armed, ruthless, utterly selfish, Vader was nearly psychic with his use of the force.  The villan needs to be seen by the audience as a force to be reckoned with, for the audience to celebrate the hero's success we need an impressive villan.  A drug addict is not an impressive villan.  The villan needs to be bad to the bone, not afraid, as Ma Ma looked after she saw Dredd had survived her most determined assault.  The audience needs to be alittle afraid of the villan; the villany so excessive that even the audience, safe in their seats or on their couch at home, can't think how the hero is going to escape the threat the villan represents.  A well written villan is essential for the audience's enjoyment in a hero/villan story - a strong hero alone is insufficient to make a film story work properly, the villan is, in my opinion, even more necessary for the audience.  Part of the villan's job is to help the audience invest emotionally in the story, by hoping the herois able to stop the villan's handiwork, whose work needs to be portrayed as anti-social as possible.  But it's not just the quantity of people she murders, she must be intelligent and behave in a way that represents a threat to the audience.  A dumb villan is not a threat, and so does not do her job in Dredd, not because of the actress, but because of how her character was written, what she was given to do, how and why she is destructive.  For example, again in Star Wars, the empire destroyed Princess Leia's home planet, just to gain street crede; in other words to prove to their competitors that they would kill billions of forms of life to get their way.  As the audience itself lives on a planet, the empire's action and why they acted, showed the audience that the empire was indeed a threat, and needed to be taken out.  When Luke managed to do so, the audience celebrates with him.  Another example of a great film villan is in Jaws; how dull that film would've been without the scary, aggressive, shark.  In Dredd, there is no believable villan, no shark.  Hard then to worry for the safety of Dredd and Anderson, who are trained warriors.  Even Anderson, who doesn't meet the standards of a Judge (the film shows that is because she is a defensive thinker, instead of an offensive one), manages to escape from Ma Ma's gang.  Also, Dredd wasn't structured properly, and so when Ma Ma was killed, though she clearly earned her death by her behavior, I was distanced enough from the film emotionally that I disliked how Dredd flung her out of the plate glass window.  What that means, is that the filmmakers were unable to properly attach me emotionally to their story for the reasons I've mentioned.<br />(11) Secondary criminals - none of the secondary criminals, from the first junkies Dredd takes out, to the first gang members that answer Ma Ma's call to action, behave as if they exist in a world of Judges.  In Dredd, Judges exercise immediate life and death sentences, and yet the characters don't act accordingly.  For instance, how much more believable if the story had had one of the first junkies surrender to Dredd when he is offered life.  As an audience member, it seems to me I reacted more believably to the reality of the Judge's power than the characters did as I verbally admonished them on what to or not to do, none of the advice the criminals took (I guess they didn't hear me).  It makes a story more believable when characters act like they are in the same reality together - after all the audience assumes the characters want to live, though the characters gave no evidence of desiring that.  The story is not believable when the characters do not act as if they want to live.<br />(12) Kay didn't know Judge's gun worked for individual Judge only.  Unbelievable that Kay wouldn't have known this.  He himself says he's known many Judges; corrupt Judges are on Ma Ma's payroll, no reason they wouldn't share this information. In his experience as a criminal in Dredd, Kay would know that a Judge's weapon was useful only to the Judge.  Totally unbelievable Kay would know not to use Anderson's gun.  And of course, not believable that Kay is alone when he attempts to kill Anderson.  Surrounded by gang members, why would he be alone in a room with her?<br />(13) No eye candy.  Production design is bleak as the building is a slum.  Pretty protege for the guys, but no eye candy for women.  Unpleasant to be stuck in a slum with gangs and shoot 'em ups, blood and gore for most the entire story.  I understand Dredd doesn't take off his helmet but then no male beauty for women to look at, just a chin which is not enough.  No male beauty, no nature beauty, a real slogg visually unless you enjoy seeing how many ways characters can be killed.  Not fun.<br />(14) Seemed almost a police officer propaganda film, showed hero police officers in a very flattering light - very careful to show Dredd firing only when he was fired upon and that he immediately lowered his weapon when criminals lowered theirs.  Showed honest officers as highly competent, professional and just about everything a future like that shown in Dredd would want officers with power of immediate life and death to be.  Romanticized policing, e.g., pretty girl calling Dredd sir, tons of war toys to play with. Propaganda, but hey we need good officers, and if this might attract young people, I'm not mad at the filmmakers for propaganda.  Obviously untrue of real policing, very romanticized, but I liked seeing a police officer provide the appropriate force necessary for a specific scenario.<br />(15) Convenient that the skateboard deck located just so, when the Judge's were under the most intense attack; otherwise they would have tumbled who knows how many floors to their deaths.  If the skateboard deck was going to save Judges, needed it louder in the story, needed Judge's to know it's there, and not just have it there by luck.<br />There are probably more story weak spots I cannot remember.  Basically, having no knowledge of Dredd, I approached the story on it's own merit (having read positive reviews), and found it to be pedestrian and not as well told as I'd like.  Hopefully they will try again and do better.  I give the movie 3 stars because the actors are competent and production design made me believe it was a slum, and also a star for effort for the film makers.  As I said, it would have been a much stronger story if the main villan had been better written.  The actress did what she could with it, giving her character a creepy, depressed feel, but her part needed to be much more intelligently written and she needed to be much more frightening.  All the criminals needed to be smarter, or at minimum, behave as if they existed in the same world as the Judges.
B009P5S11G|4.0|This CD was another good Rihanna purchase! She just keeps on cranking out the good tunes along with special guests.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|with the best structure I've ever seen, only film that comes close is Night of the Living Dead but not really even that film is as well told.  Other fans like it for the neat villain, light saber, robots, twin suns, jawas, the force, multiple cantina monsters, etc., but I like it because of it's outstanding story structure.  When I feel well enough to go into better detail, I will, but this story to me, is nearly flawlessly told.  Only errors storywise I ever saw were (1) when Vader choked the rebel in the opening scenes, and the man's feet remained parallel to the ground, in real life someone being choked and lifted off their feet would have struggled to keep their toes in contact with the ground for as long as possible, therefore he wouldn't have had his feet be flat in that situation. Looked cool visually, but not how a person being strangled would've behaved; (2) In act 2 in the trash compactor sequence, had Han Solo really thought he was about to die, doubtful he would've been making jokes &quot;one things for sure, we're all going to be alot thinner.&quot; Most people facing death would not say that;  (3) Act 3 when Luke is trying to convince Han to join the rebels, he chides Han and tells him to take care of himself as that's what he's best at. Han had just helped the rebellion and risked his life by helping to rescue the princess and gotten the space station plans to the rebels. He'd not signed up to be a rebel but only to deliver Luke/Obi/droids to alderoon. After he'd been captured, he agreed to help rescue the princess, for a fee, and he'd fulfilled his side of the bargain against almost overwhelming odds. For Luke to be miffed at him was abit much, especially when considering that at the beginning of this film, which covers maybe 2 or 3 days, Luke himself had turned down Obi Wan's initial request to come to Alderoon and learn the ways of the force. Also, Han barely knew Luke so I thought it presumptuous of Luke to judge Han as looking after himself, considering what Han had already helped accomplish. Mr. Lucas really helps cover this by Han's comments in the Falcon when he has Han tell Leia that he's only in it for the money (Lucas is brilliant, he truly is), so he tries to write over it, and of course, he's made the audience dislike Han, but Luke's comment is a tiny bit hypocritical given his own actions just a day or so earlier. Still George Lucas needed to have Luke ask Han, I wish Luke hadn't forgotten his own comments to Obi Wan like a day or so ago. Overall, though, these are very tiny mistakes/quibbles, and considering the character inconsistencies and logic flaws in so many other films, A New Hope is a magnificent achievement. Thank  you George Lucas, and the entire team of people involved with creation of my favorite film.  It's given me years of pleasure.
B008QOFOQW|1.0|It's a nice lego set but I never hit the checkout button to buy it..  All of a sudden I see in my inbox.  I just purchaced it..  Wasn't happy..
0800141660|4.0|Emma Thompson, one of my favorite artists and in my opinion, beautiful, was too old to play this part.  Because of her acting skill, the movie was not ruined for me by that, but I kept noticing it.  Ms. Thompson, though not at all old, projects maturity, and Gemma Jones projects younger than she was when this film was made, so even though I hadn't read the book, I kept thinking that Mrs. Dashwood must have birthed Elinor as a teenager.  That was okay for me, but Elinor always seemed 30 in this version of the story, and I kept thinking she would have been considered a spinster by that age and so I didn't understand why her dying father spoke of a dowry for her.  In appearance, a 30 year old Elinor would have long ago had a season, and obviously not married.  She seemed in appearance and behavior, more an aunt to Marianne, and a younger sister to Mrs. Dashwood, though in the story she was sister and daughter.  Anyway, despite the miscasting, I still liked this film, it has many of the actresses/actors I love in it, and everyone did a good job.  I'm happy Ms. Thompson took the part, but it would be nice to see a remake of this screenplay with age appropriate actors - it would likely be even a better movie, provided the actresses/actors are as fine as those in this production.  I've watched it many times and I think my favorite character is Lucy, because she comes from a disadvantaged background and time for women, and just by using her wits, manages to marry well, which in her time was like winning the lottery.  She was the most proactive female character, and I like women action characters, though I usually don't like gold diggers, Lucy has so few options in the 19th century for meaningful work, that marrying well was one of the few respectable options she had for a decent life for herself.  With very few protectors, no great beauty and no education, she married well.  I was pleased the Dashwood girls married well too.  I know I was supposed to feel more deeply for the Dashwood family as they had a reversal of fortune with the death of their beloved husband/father, but even in their financial straits of only 500 pounds a year, they lived in a two story house with two servants, and ate well with their rich relatives as often as they chose.  So they suffered a reversal, but they weren't homeless or without income.  I know the filmmakers tried to show a real fall into poverty, but though they suffered a loss of a beloved family member, whom they never mentioned after they left their family home, it's hard to think of people with two servants as poor, though they were undoubtedly poorer.  Mostly Elinor seemed slightly overly bossy towards Marianne (as if in anticipation of Marianne's disappointment - something I dislike in film, when a character forecasts something too early in the story), and Kate Winslet, though young, seemed older than a super naive 16 year Marianne.  Willouby was not all that impressive to me either - as Marianne's first boyfriend; I think his part should have been written with the care that Edward's part was written - it was clear why Elinor liked Edward; it would have been good to show the reasons Marianne adored Willouby.  I think Willouby carrying Marianne home after she sprained her ankle was to be proof of something, but it was not enough, I needed more Willouby time, more things he actually did that showed why he was so appealing.  After all, Emma Thompson did not just rely on Hugh Grants good looks to show why she was fond of Edward, she showed in the story why Edward's character was so appealing.  With an Elinor too bossy for little reason, and Marianne crushed by a Willouby who was underwritten, it was hard to attach completely to the story, but I attached partially enough to enjoy it, mostly due to the well written Elinor/Edward romance, and the fine acting by all. I'd give it a three and a half stars.
B0086700CM|5.0|Very fun game..  My kids just love it..they play it all the time..  the newest one brave.  is a good one too..
B007ZD17XO|5.0|YOU REALLY HAVE TO BE FAST  AND BE ABLE TO CONCENTRATE TO ACHIEVE THE DESIRED RESULTS (surely frustrating if you're not). I enjoyed playing it here. It's quite different from the usual match 3 games out there. Thanks to it's creators! 3 Thumbs up!
034580404X|5.0|I find this trilogy a very well written piece of literature. Congratulations to EL James, few could pull that off!
B00296A4F4|5.0|I love Glee! Kurt is my fave person on the show! I enjoy watching his journey. His character has made me cry more than once and I can't get enough!
B0041B4H1M|5.0|came new and in great conditions. and it worked perfectly with the blue ray dvd.<br />great movie. my mom loves it
1451627297|5.0|This is my first Stephen King for a few years. I've let the last half-dozen go by unread. Time was, I bought them in hardback, I was so impatient to read the latest. In the 1990s I felt that he had passed his peak.<br /><br />Not so. 11.22.63 is a humdinger, up there with his best work - which for me means SALEM'S LOT, THE SHINING, THE STAND.<br /><br />Jake Epping, an English teacher in Maine, is introduced by his friend Al to a 'portal' back to 1958 - a time-tunnel - in the back of Al's diner. Al is dying of cancer and he urges Jake to complete a mission he cannot now manage: to go back to the 1950s and do something to prevent Lee Harvey Oswald from fulfilling his fearful \\"date with Destiny\\" in Dallas in 1963.<br /><br />On a brief 'test run' Jake thwarts a family killing in his hometown. Al has already done something similar. But each time they return to 2011 the past resets itself, so when Jake goes back for a longer visit to save Jack Kennedy he has to repeat the thwarting of these two earlier tragedies before setting out for Dallas.  And for his plan to succeed he also has to be sure that Oswald really was the Lone Assassin of the Warren Commission's conclusion and not part of a 'hit squad' as advocated by conspiracy buffs (including this reviewer, although a TV documentary some years ago did make a very persuasive case for Oswald acting alone).<br /><br />Going back to 1958 gives Jake a lot of time to time to kill. He takes a teaching job in Texas and falls in love with the school's librarian whose psychotic ex-husband is a constant threat. Jake's love affair with Sadie becomes the novel's big storyline; Sadie becomes as integral to the book's denouement as Oswald and the Kennedys. And Jake will discover that the past can bite back: the consequences of interfering with history give the book's final chapters a chilling intensity.<br /><br />Everything about this 740-page blockbuster shows Stephen King at his consummate best: his imaginative scope, his attention to period details (not just fashion and music, but slang and the 'zeitgeist'), the fleshing-out of even the most incidental characters. Lee Child is quoted on the cover calling King \\"America's greatest living novelist\\". He could well be right. King shares with John Irving (and Charles Dickens) that rare ability to bring a whole community, a whole era, to life.<br /><br />11.22.63 is not pulp horror. It's not really horror at all. It is perhaps longer than it needs to be and perhaps King gets too sidetracked by the time-traveller's romance, but this is very close to being a masterpiece. It's his most original and most enthralling novel since THE GREEN MILE.<br /><br />[Reviewer is the author of SHAIKH-DOWN and THE DROPOUT]n to period details (not just fashion and music, but slang and the 'zeitgeist'), the fleshing-out of even the most incidental characters. Lee Child is quoted on the cover calling King \\"America's greatest living novelist\\". He could well be right. King shares with John Irving (and Charles Dickens) that rare ability to bring a whole community, a whole era, to life.<br /><br />11.22.63 is not pulp horror. It's not really horror at all. It is perhaps longer than it needs to be and perhaps King gets too sidetracked by the time-traveller's romance, but this is very close to being a masterpiece. It's his most original and most enthralling novel since THE GREEN MILE.<br /><br />[Reviewer is the author of SHAIKH-DOWN and THE DROPOUT]
B0040YFR1Y|5.0|came new and in great conditions. and it worked perfectly with the blue ray dvd.<br />great movie. my mom loves it
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|Finished this book in a day..Couldn't put it down for a minute! It's a must have for anyone who enjoys a good book.
B001993Y3G|5.0|came new and in great conditions. and it worked perfectly with the blue ray dvd.<br />great movie. my mom loves it. Although i didnt like how they switched the spanish
B0056TYT66|4.0|Put into the PCIe x1 v2.3 slot in an aging Dell Dimension 8400. Easy install. Found drivers on Transcend's web site. Added two SATA 3 WD Black 1 TB drives. Card BIOS reads the PCIe x1 bus as gen 2.0. Test program reads the SATA 3 disks at about 125 MB/s; the Maxtor 160GB SATA 1 drive connected to the motherboard reads at about 62 MB/s. Reads from a WD 2 TB USB 3.0 drive at about 80 MB/s; reads same drive over USB 2.0 at  about 20 MB/s. These are not SATA 3 or USB 3.0 data rates, but the SATA 1 and USB 2.0 rates are nowhere near their theoretical limits either. Your mileage may vary. It's a big improvement when using the 2TB USB as a mirror for the 2 1TB drives.<br /><br />The card uses a power connector (choice of molex or SATA) to supply power to the USB 3.0 ports. It does supply sufficient power to the WD 2TB USB 3.0 drive which uses no external supply.<br /><br />I get the BSOD about 1 out of every 10 boot-ups after installing this card. I just power down and power back up and it clears. Not sure what this is all about. Dell BIOS is at version A09.
B004LWZW88|5.0|came new and in great conditions. and it worked perfectly with the blue ray dvd.<br />great movie. my mom loves it
B000ZLFALS|5.0|I ordered it in Blue Ray. Can't watch it. If you want it ask. I donnot have a Blue Ray player.
B003L16FAE|5.0|came new and in great conditions. and it worked perfectly with the blue ray dvd.<br />great movie. my mom loves it
145210655X|5.0|Perfect gift for the Sci-Fi fan!  Love the humor in this book, along with the illustrations!  Hard back to boot!
1449325947|5.0|I got this book to learn how to use CSS3 effectively, as well as for a entertaining  general CSS handbook. I got both, and a great deal more. McFarland explains the ins and outs of CSS3 powered image galleries with hover captions, incredible shiny buttons which require no images, how to write websites to work on both mobiles and 30 inch monitors, and so much more. For an entertaining yet incredibly informative book with a serious wow factor, it will be hard to beat this incredible book. The one downside is that the text of this the third edition is done in grayscale rather than the soft green of the second edition.
B00B2G4O2G|5.0|Very dark well acted show.  It's darkness is reminiscent of the British show \\"Luther\\" which was also very dark and at times disturbing.  LOVE IT
0802473164|5.0|I havent read this book yet but I am excited about it. The book was in great shape and shipped very quick.
B0084U0IEG|4.0|I liked the stories within the story and the twist at the end--which I should really have seen coming. The language is beautiful, as always, with Ian McEwan
B0064TVQ5E|5.0|I can play this game anywhere.  My toddlers have a short attention span  so this is perfect for them also.  Manning has been a favorite in my family for years.<br />Wklein
B00A9C3RB8|4.0|This movie targets movie watchers who are older.  It''s a movie that touches someone 50 or older who is learning to live with the changes in their life.  No longer a teenager with a body that responds at the drop of a hat.  It is a heart warming movie that deals with love but a more basic factor that time moves on and it's changes in us does not stop for anyone.  It is a very good movie.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|The game is awesome and that are new locations which I like and you can buy/earn new charters but the game seems like it sucks but it is awsone
B004X75RK4|5.0|If you like comedy/romance.... This is the movie for you.  From begining to end it is very good.  It is perfect watch on a kick back afternoon or evening when you have nothing to do and want to enjoy a feel good movie.
B008U0FJF8|5.0|Manu Katche ahs been my favorite drummer for many years No one has a bigdrum beat as Manu KATCHE. HE IS AN EXCELENT DRUMMER WITH TWO OF NORWAYS BEST MUCISIANS
B00BB8RKH6|4.0|Flight is a excellent movie. This movie is  much more than a thriller movie about an airplane crashing.  Socail problems of drinking excessivly and using drugs plays a major role in the main actor's role.  Over all it is very good.  Denzel Washington was outstanding in his role.
B009E3EXMU|5.0|the greatest band in the world back together again for an incredible show. dont miss out on this one! unbelievable!
B00821OX98|4.0|Always kept you guessing. Look forward to seeing season 3. Aliens and most Chr are well put together and clever with holo.
0143122061|2.0|Now here is a man in love with his own voice.  i eagerly started this, but then it meandered at about the  third of the way through.
B008Y1YK9Y|4.0|This movie was very enjoyable, made me laugh, and considering its a trilogy I have to say they did a great job, usually in my experience alot of times movies dont hold up by time the 3rd one comes out, I think they did a great job of continueing in the Men in Black tradition.
B008JGSM6G|3.0|Fun, but I got the hang of it pretty fast. I guess I must have good spatial skills like someone mentioned. maybe it will get more challenging as I move up in levels. well worth giving it a try for sure.
B006LS7DQE|3.0|It's a great game that takes the match-three puzzle idea of games like Bejeweled and adapts it to a turn-based RPG battle system. You match colored gems to build mana or skull gems to attack. It makes for an addictive  concept.<br />However, the game is bugged. It runs very slowly, and there are moments when a character talks and the text box will either appear empty or the text will display above it.<br />Also, AI opponents seem to have knowledge of what gems are going to appear when others are cleared and they use this to craft more complicated strategies than you can.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I started slow. Reading an \\"interview\\" or two every other day or so. After a while, I just started plowing through them, eagerly anticipating the next persons perspectives of the zombie war. Every interview brings something new to the overall story and it would have been interesting to see a couple of those expanded on in some way. I'm definitely looking forward to hearing the audio version as I've heard nothing but great things about it. Overall, 4 1/2 stars but I will give it 5 stars since it is better than 4 stars. Loved it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very good game with lots of variables. think it is one of the deepest games. I'm getting coins for writing a review which is why I'm doing this...
B003HARV3Y|5.0|I like movies about the god and godness  of myth and they are good<br />this is one of my things that I like
B009ZQC7MY|5.0|This is a great series, the costumes, the castle, the dishes, the servants, the food.....I love everything about the show. The characters are all interesting and you can't wait to see what happens each week.
B006X5L6VS|3.0|The Night Sky opens up the night sky. For years I have looked at sky maps and could not figure out how to relate the data to what I viewed in the sky. The Night Sky depicts clearly in my hands what I am viewing in the sky. Just point it in the direction of the stars and the constellations are clearly depicted.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Subway surfers is the much  better than temple run...It's the game in 50 years...And shout out to who ever made this game...
B000QRIGLC|5.0|I have a new and profound respect for the military, the sacrifice they do and the strain on the families of our soldiers.  I only hope that their valiant efforts will be met with a tangible recognition of their service, after all, we all enjoy the benefits of their efforts, fighting a war in a far away, foreign and hostile land.  After reading the book, my husband and I decided on contributing to the Wounded Warrior Project. Because of the book, I started learning more about the military, someting I have never had an interest until my daugther met a marine.  I found the show Stars Earn Stripes and got more interested about Navy Seals and Special Forces.  My heart is very saddened by the death of Chris Kyle, I am sure there are more people like Mr. Lutrell and Mr. Kyle who because of the nature of their jobs are not recognized, but know that I have been educated through the book. My deepest gratitude for your services and may God bless this great nation. My fervent prayer is that our Government do whatever they can to protect them while they are in harms way and provide services they need on their return.
0425252868|5.0|Well written, true story of the air war in Africa and Europe. Much told from the prospective of a German fighter pilot, who happen to have been an honorable man. Missed some sleep because I couldn't put it down.<br />Some of this history, I knew going in, but the level of friction between the Luftwaffe, and the Nazi party was a real eye opener.<br />Must read for any student of history, and should be made into a movie.<br />Will be buying more copies for friends.
B006LSZECO|4.0|When I first finished the book I was very unhappy with the ending but then after a few days and thinking about it I realized it was appropriated.
B005VPRDAY|5.0|My kids have been playing with Lego's or Duplo's all their lives.  My daughter is 7 and son is 5.  I love they have these basic sets, they spark a child's imagination.  My son got a small bright set for Christmas.  He loves them, but was limited in what he could do because of it's size.  We got him a larger set to go with it and both of my kids will play with it.  My daughter has been bugging us for a Lego Friends set, but when I saw the prices for the models I cringed.  Then I found this Pink Brick Box.  So I got it to see if she really liked it or was just wanting the Friends because she saw it on TV.  She loves it.  I am now looking into getting a bigger box of the Pink Bricks.  I love that they work with the brights too as I got a large plastic tote that snap shut to put all of the Lego's in, instead of many little boxes to help with pieces not getting lost.<br />We have a Lego outlet, they carry over produced, damaged boxes or retired sets at a discount.  Amazon will often have a better price then they do, and since we are prime customers, most do not have a delivery fee.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This is the best game I have and I have a lot of good games and this would have to be the best and I hope this keep going places.
178054068X|5.0|I really love this calendar although it took a long time to receive.  And I love the box with stamps.
B000R8YC1I|4.0|No matter your age, you have to admit YOU LOVE MUPPETS! Henson was the MASTER!!! I love this campy little film and it's silly story line.... Most of all I love Chamberlain the Skeksis...... &#34;wimper&#34;  The price was right for this purchase and my kids and I will enjoy it for years to come!
B004SOR4H6|5.0|it works great. it goes smoothly and i dont get any updates from it.  i think you should download it for free.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|This is a very good game for children. Realistic animations. Great games. Fun and easy challenges. Easy to understand. Fun for all.
B008HT4FUW|5.0|This was a Christmas gift. Unfortunately I accidentally bought blu-ray & they couldn't view it on their DVD player<br />Now It can't be returned cause it's been opened : (
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the Bible YouVersion! I can read in so many different versions that might help me understand better. I also downloaded the Holman version and use this in church service instead of my heavy Bible. My wrists are weak and this is a God send for me.
B005LAIHPY|3.0|AND NOW EXXXXTREMELY SORRY i EVER BOUGHT IT<br />WHAT A GREAT WASTE OF TIME MONEY AND FILM AND DVDs<br />THIS MOVIE IS WORTHLESS
B0053TMP24|5.0|It was very exciting and kept me reading for hours. It got a little boring during the blackouts, but was definitely an action packed novel. I will definitely get the next book in the series, THE MARK OF ATHENA
B005Y1B3Q0|1.0|WHERE DO I START<br />WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL it was no where near as good as the first and thed way it was directed the actors where played as foolish and stupid and I see that as a great shame to them
B000SEIK2S|4.0|Good sci fi ,like the way that the author brings you a long good solid book,fast paced LIKE THE TECHNOLOGY .
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I bought two of these, one for my husband and myself; and one for my sister.  We love Michael Buble's voice and he can do no wrong in our books!  Very cheerful, happy, contemporary songs and some serious, beautiful traditional carols.  You would think you are listening to a Heavenly choir of angels sing on &#34;Ave Maria&#34;.  The CD album design and photos are very classy and tastefully done.  Highly recommend it!
B007V65R54|5.0|I chose this rating because I enjoyed it that much.  I am admittedly strange, however.  Anyone interested in stastictical analysis of data, and not already well informed about it, should also enjoy it.
1250006341|5.0|This was a gift for my older sister; she and I (and my husband) are &#34;Downton-aholics&#34;; she was very happy and said she had wanted this so badly, but couldn't justify spending the money.  Thanks to Amazon she has it now and I got a great deal on the price!
B004GHNIRK|5.0|What a wonderful movie!  I actually went to see it twice within 2 weeks!  The singing was wonderful and the acting was amazing!  Loved it!
B002BU0DPE|4.0|I purchased these first from the store for retail ($79.99) I was happy with the performance, sound, comfort, and overall quality with the headset even at full price. Then I saw them on amazon for 1/2 retail (if you don't mind used) so I ordered them and took the others back. These sound great I mainly use them for call of duty, but they sound great with any game, also watching youtube, Netflix, hulu plus, and listening to music these sound just awesome. There's a built in bass adjuster which is great for music and then being able to turn the bass way down so explosions aren't rattling your brain in a game. Two separate knobs for controlling chat/game volume is a very nice luxury. Also built in chat enhancer raises players voices as the game gets louder (this feature works extremely well and is not overbearing at all, a very nice touch.) Overall I'm very happy with this product and would recommend it.  The only reason I'm giving I four stars is 2 reasons, first it's a wired headset, I would've preferred wireless, but you can't argue that at this price range (however it does have a 16 ft cord which is plenty for me). 2nd reason is they do have the 40mm speakers (would've preferred 50mm) but again at this price range no problem, and they sound awesome even for 40mm actually better than my previous pair of afterglow agp.1 that had the 50mm. If your researching to buy a headset like I did I say your search stops here. Buy these!
B00139XSBA|5.0|Excellent account of the early days of the US space programme. Wolfe captures the excitement of the epoch in such brilliant style that it gets your heart pounding as if you were a part of it. If you lived through those days this will shed new light on what you experienced during those heady days in the late 1950's and early 1960's. Wolfe also describes the politics, intrigues, petty jealousies and infighting that went on in the background which adds a human dimension of which we were unaware at the time. Great stuff!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Why watch TV when you can play solitaire!  I like the way you can interrupt a game in progress and complete later simply by turning off.
B00B7G3NFU|5.0|I saw this a few weeks ago and was so moved and touched by the way it handled sensitive issues, and more than one of the them, with such eloquence and humanity.  Yes, Helen is naked a lot in the film and at first it's a bit shocking but, honestly, by midway through the film, it's so fully integrated into the story that it feels \\"natural.\\"  I'm saddened that the two leads, were over looked by the academy for this one, it's a crime in my humble opinion.  I won't go into the story since so many others have done such a great job at that in previous reviews.  I'll just say that I was glad I spent the time to view this film and I think anyone would feel the same!
B000ICKPOQ|5.0|Love being able to stream the series and watch all the seasons again. The video quality is very good on multiple devices.
B004OT0YNG|4.0|My son loved it as a Christmas gift. definitely worth it and the item is still all in tact. I am sure it is a good addition to the rest of his Star Wars Lego collection.
B008HK3XOU|3.0|I thought it would stand up a little better than it does. It just doesn't stand up as well as i have seen other cases do.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is an excellent book -a little history combined with Stephen Kings writing skills.  Wonderful book - I would highly recommend it!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I find it to be exciting and it can get you into to trouble if you have other things to do, so remember to play when you have time.<br />LOL!
B00AESN8XY|5.0|Best app ever I loved this strategy game. No game is better than this. You will love it money well spent.
B00133KFGW|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I read it in two days. I could not put it down. I'm just so happy that my friends didn't give anything away, because I was brought to tears as I finished the book. I was completely captivated with this book.
B002RKS81O|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
0689859368|5.0|This book was recommended by my son's teacher.  He loved it!!  As soon as he finished reading it, he asked if we could get the next one!!
B005HSL626|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|This book definitely highlights the finest warriors in our Nation. Marcus details his career as a SEAL from start to finish in this book. Written so very well. I highly recommend this book.
B00004VVNB|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B005LAII8A|5.0|Perfect fillm!!! This film has great wonder!!! This film arrived very much on time!!! This film also has a great cast!!!
B000M4RG4C|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B00A8KJK7G|5.0|Perfect fillm!!! This film has great wonder!!! This film arrived very much on time!!! This film also has a great cast!!!
B008K8VDPU|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B00AFEXRME|5.0|Perfect fillm!!! This film has great wonder!!! This film arrived very much on time!!! This film also has a great cast!!!
B005ZTFPFQ|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B004LWZWGA|5.0|Perfect fillm!!! This film has great wonder!!! This film arrived very much on time!!! This film also has a great cast!!!
B004GJDQT8|4.0|GREAT! Just what I was looking for, Thank you. Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.
B008HT4FUW|5.0|This saga from England puts most tv shows to shame.  The characters become so real as do their situations.  I highly recommend this series.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|This book makes you a firm believer that love happens even with tragedy. I couldn't put it down from the second I opened it, there was suspense and love. you were silently cheering the characters on and hoping for the best, then just can't help but to smile for the rest of your day after you've finished the book
B00AREIAI8|5.0|I just wish that there was night and day and at night you had to take it into the stables
B0086700CM|5.0|My kids love this app, as do my nieces. They range in age from 8 - 14 and they all really enjoy it :)
0545265355|5.0|I'm such a fan of these books, when I first saw them I decided to buy them, when I got them in my hands, I was really amazed, this is probably the best buy I have ever made, I can't get enough of these books
B007L6VR12|5.0|Loved this quirky movie and it's time dated subject.  It was wonderful! it will be part of our dvd library for a long time.
B004WR125O|5.0|The adapter works as advertised, was able to place on home system easily and did not have any problems with reception and this is with my WIFI system being upstairs on the other side of the house.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|Got this for my sisters who love Les Miserables, the only negative thing is Nick Jonas attempting to sing with real professionals. He is severely out classed and over powered. It made me frustrated to hear him squeak along side an extremely talented cast.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Loved the book. Kept me on the edge of my seat so to speak. Nicholas Sparks has great books and I can't wait to see this movie Safe Haven which opens in 5 days.
B008N9AASC|5.0|Early in the 1960s, the world film market began expanding<br />into American consciousness.  In addition to Fellini and<br />Bergman, there was a small sub-genre masquerading as<br />\\"documentary.\\"  I remember being much taken by MONDO CANE,<br />WOMEN OF THE WORLD, and most esp. MALAMONDO (1963), a<br />somewhat artificially constructed piece which made me<br />aware for the first time of the jazzy, haunting music of<br />one Ennio Morricone<br /><br />Not many films of this type followed (it was a sub-genre,<br />after all).  Fellini tried it off and on - most successfully<br />with FELLINI'S ROMA - his affectionate, ironic view of the<br />Eternal City he lived in.  The clash of culture - \\"modern vs. ancient\\"<br />- was never more effectively captured than in the Iron Mole sequence,<br />where our polluted air destroyed long-buried Roman paintings.<br /><br />In the 80s, thanks to Godfrey Reggio and composer Philip Glass,<br />we tumbled into the thoughtful, oft disturbing rabbit hole of<br />KOYAANISQATSI (Life Out of Balance), which used stunning<br />time-lapse images to show how the ever-increasing pace of<br />technology might be carrying us to a most unwelcome place.<br />Ron Fricke worked on this one.  POWAQQATSI (Life in<br />Transformation) carried this message/warning even further.<br /><br />In 1992 Ron Fricke released his own stunning BARAKA, the perfect<br />blend of image, music and transcendental mood: a landmark<br />in the the slow development of the \\"image\\" documentary.  Now<br />Fricke's follow-up - SAMASARA - has been released.  It's a \\"trip\\"<br />through gateways of color and beauty.  It broadens the themes of<br />BARAKA with even more mind-blowing images, all tied together<br />at beginning and end by monks constructing/destroying an ornate<br />sand painting.  (It's the \\"journey\\", you see...)<br /><br />Give SAMSARA a try.  Disconnect your electronic whee-devices,<br />turn out the lights, and melt into yourself as you let its incredible rainbow<br />world wash over you.  You'll be surprised how mellow/wise<br />you'll feel afterwards.  Wine optional.
B008YU0AOE|5.0|Great app for simple to complex calculations.  User friendly and cost is free.  Not meant for complex scientific calculations. Would recommend.
B007PT1PEY|4.0|This is a very easy way to immerse yourself in a wonderful detective series. The illustrations are charming, and I have enjoyed reading and in some cases rereading Conan Doyles stories. A great buy for a  bargain price.
B0042VVLJM|5.0|the extra scenes - It changed the context for how you actually view Salieri and clarifies why we should vilify him as opposed to simply feel pity for him in the original. I'm not sure if I like it better, but it does remove the ambiguity of Salieri's claim to having killed Mozart - the influence he used (as scripted) to keep Mozart from becoming financially stable really drills home the final stake in the heart of contracting Mozart to write the Death Mass and then literally work him through his illness to death. Great movie!!
B00AQ3K8IU|4.0|This tenderly written book about sexual abuse is so believablely written that you almost think it's real but are so very glad it is not. Makes you so glad you lived a loved life growing up and really glad your parents were who they were.
B0089EHWQE|5.0|I loved this book, written very well although on the sad side.  One of the best books I have read.  I had a hard time putting it down and couldn't wait to finish,  I give it a 5 star.  Marilynn Schnair
B008NMT684|5.0|My two year-old granddaughter seems never to tire of playing.  I believe the original order included about four puzzles, but she enjoyed it so much that I ordered the other available puzzles.  Great fun for this age.
B004E9UB8O|5.0|This is a great knitting book.  I different types of knitting and this was great to add to my collection.  Love it!
B00AAQ7LP6|5.0|This Was AMAZING to say the least! I bought this for my Lover & ended up being Jaw Dropped from Start to Finish. WOW SEXY AMAZING what Talent!!
B002HFP0QU|5.0|LOVE THEM!  NEXT TO NEIL DIAMOND - THEY ARE THE BEST.  UNIQUE STYLE AND THEIR SONGS JUST MAKE YOU WANT TO SING AND DANCE RIGHT ALONG WITH THEM.......
B00AKEMHCA|5.0|This is the best tower defense game out there! I love Ninja Kiwi apps and this is the best! Now what they need to do is make a BTD multiplayer Battles.
0439023491|5.0|I'm mid 30's and reading this series! I haven't started it yet due to I'm waiting for the release of this move to get closer so I am more familiar with everything! Quick shipment too!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I c a nt be liege th at th er e ar r so ma Ny bs d re vie sd
B00BD14K4W|3.0|I enjoyed some of the episodes and had high hopes, but the shows were increasingly violent without the humor, wit, clever plot twists or character development that I was looking for. Although I assume a crime drama will have some gore, they took it too far in the last several shows I watched.
B0064TVQ5E|5.0|ENJOY ALL MAJON GAMES- LUV TO PLAY- GOT HOOKED ON FROM MY 81 YEAR OLD MOM<br />- SHE IS REALLY GOOD AT
B0074VTHKM|4.0|&#34; Theodore Boone; The Accused&#34; by John Grisham is a good read.  I like the main character and the way he is so intelligent and independent.  I am a big fan of John Grisham--have read all his books-they are always clean, interesting and hard to put down.
B008DYZKQE|5.0|We loved this book. It teaches little girls that if there is a boy being a jerk to them they don't have to put up with it.
0765325950|4.0|I wasn't totally thrilled with the ending, but it wasn't bad either. I'm just glad to see this series finally come to an end.
B0052GACNM|4.0|I chose this CD for the &#34;duet&#34; contributions not for Tony. I've never been a &#34;Tony&#34; fan, but do enjoy the music.  The duets with Amy, Josh and Andrea are particularly moving.
B00AE2J5HI|3.0|Just like the title says. Good movie but nothing ground breaking. Wait till it comes out on On Demand and save the money for something else.
B004UID2LC|5.0|It was not bad except for the pictures for the music it like randomized the picture good for the kindle fire hd
B0096HK4WW|5.0|I love this film.  You should see Jeffery Combs in the Frighteners.<br /><br />He helps make the film a great one.
B008MG1E4A|5.0|For someone who typically doesn't enjoy military tactics, this book surprised me with its high energy action and well written detail.  The author did a great job presenting the story as it likely occurred, without reservation or sugar coating the gory detail.  Highly recommended.
B004SRPXWQ|3.0|I like the old version better, or at least the on one the IPad. This one doesnt do half as much and my daughter doesnt like it as much at all!
B0015AARJI|5.0|This controller makes dreams come true. Usability is super accurate. Never underestimate the power of Sony. Great stuff. and more
B008AIGWVA|1.0|I had to take it off my Kindle because it wont work right and it stinks compared to the one I have on the IPad. My daughter wont even play with this one!
B00B2V66VS|1.0|I really want to play this game but,its not letting me it just goes back to the homescreen and I would give it a 5 star rating if it hadn't crashed!
B009K86D86|5.0|if you don't know what you are eating....you should.  This movie will tell you where exactly you food comes from.
B005LAII3A|5.0|A remake of the original classic with many upgrades. Collin Farrell plays a good part in the movie. enjoyed the new special effects in this version
B007SUW24W|2.0|I've never seen so many 2 sentence reviews about an artist who is \\"amazing\\", \\"awesome\\" and \\"fabulous\\" before on Amazon. You just know it's fake and plugs from some people who work for the guy. They're all the same. Look closely and it's really quite obvious. THey're all the same length too! But I said that already. How are we to know what this is really like?
B004SIIBGU|5.0|Finally an app that I can used to bid on Ebay items. In the past I was unable to usemy phone to make bids or pay for items on Ebay. Now I can do that. No more loosing great finds on ebay.j
B002UHSDUK|4.0|I enjoy the Foo Fighters, but I'm not at die hard fan, so this album meets my listening needs. Especially with the Amazon bonus tracks. A true fan could better tell you what hidden gems are missing.
B009ZXT4BY|3.0|this app is a little fun but I mean I cant really control my guy I don't like it but the rest is pretty good.
B005K2XUPK|5.0|This thing is perfect for the Kindle Fire. Nice and durable, soft interior, easy to put the Kindle in and out, and my wife can easily toss it in her purse and go.
B00992CF6W|5.0|if it only have hunger bar g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g
B0063IH60K|5.0|This one works like it is suppose to. I have been playing this a lot especially when I get bored
0375842209|5.0|As a fictional account of the atrocities of the Holocaust, Markus Zuzak's The Book Thief goes far beyond the scope of any history book. While teachers would benefit from its varying narrative perspectives, strong female protagonist, and depictions of love and loss, students would likely pick up a novel such as this one on their own because it was written so recently.<br /><br />  The author breaks many rules of typical storytelling as he reveals the tragic ending first, narrates from the perspective of Death itself, and yet somehow keeps the mood of the novel hopeful and compelling. Nevertheless, there are mature depictions of the casualties of war, the struggle to survive, and the extreme cases of loss that those who endured the Holocaust experienced many times over. To this end, I would recommend the novel for students between 9th and 11th grade because of the maturity of the content.<br /><br />  The Book Thief provides many central unit themes for teachers to explore.  From historical fiction to narration and perspective, the book can be tied into a number of lessons that would be applicable in the classroom. I would recommend this book as a focal point for a historical fiction unit in which students are given a variety of text options. The variability of texts would allow students who don't feel comfortable with the subject matter to choose a different text with comparable themes. Students could explore the ways in which the narrator sways the story's point of view, if history is justly represented in the novel or hindered by the fictional characters, or discuss the author's decision to feature a German girl and family rather than a Jewish one. Since the novel isn't short, I would recommend building a unit around the text with smaller supplementary texts, visuals, and objectives rather than trying to fit The Book Thief into an extensive unit plan.<br /><br />  As a whole, Zuzak's work provides the foundation for extensive, and at times, controversial classroomdiscussion. The novel features enough Holocaust and WWII terminology that the teacher could derivate a vocabulary lesson and history lesson from its content, while also tapping into students' unique moral and emotional viewpoints by analyzing character relationships and the importance of friendship. The Book Thief definitely has a place in the secondary classroom.
B00632HWOG|5.0|I am pleased with the way this one works. I can check my emails and keep up with all my friends
B00881VLCE|2.0|Today was my second day playing and it will not allow the pieces to connect.........i loved this game and was so very excited until this happened please fix it so i can Re download it
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|My husband and I love playing this game. We have to compete with each other on who can get the most coins
B00846REIS|4.0|There is a lot of passion in this book. The characters are great - believable, unlike some books I've read in this genre. It was a page turner for sure!!
B009KS4XRO|5.0|I am very pleased with how this works. I am able to play it and it is connected to my facebook account so that pleases me too
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Was a quick read, couldn't put it down.  Mr. Sparks does it again.  There is no book by him that I haven't loved.
B009F1ZYQK|5.0|i love this its the best thing since sliced bread . what else could i ask for  perfection is just awesome
B00A8KJK7G|4.0|My family of four really enjoyed Frankenweenie.  I never know what to expect from a Tim Burton film, but this did not disappoint.  The 6 year old did think it was a bit \\"creepy\\", but still liked it.  My husband and 8 year old couldn't get enough of it.
B0099114WO|4.0|Very good movie. Too bad they have to package it with Ultraviolet, the most god-awful invention I've ever seen. Whoever came up with this wants to either to piss off their customers who pay good money for a DVD or bluray or just want to encourage movie copying for those who want to watch their movie in their devices.
B0099114WO|2.0|I am so glad I did not pay for this movie.  It was sad, and painful, and uncomfortable, and... not good.  My husband and I were very disappointed.
B009ZZDNT6|4.0|However it could have more tones and my kindle isn't loud enough to wake me up sometimes but overall it works fantastically!
B009POCFTG|3.0|I wasn't sure what to expect with this movie.  After watching it, I'm still not sure what I saw or how I feel about it.  It was  strange, and I am not sure if it was \\"good strange\\" or \\"bad strange\\".  The end left me with even more questions, and I feel I never really got to know the characters in the film.<br /><br />If you get a chance to see this film, watch it. I'm not sure if it is worth going out of your way for...
B00A6PD9I4|5.0|This movie is a great movie for both kids and adults. Great 'Mom' type role modle and shows strength of character.
B005LAIHPE|2.0|Oh boy, why did I watch this movie?  I didn't think it could be as bad as the reviews said it was, but I was wrong.  I was not a good movie, and the famous faces in it couldn't make up for that.  I was tempted to stop it in the middle, but my husband wanted to know how it ended, so we kept it on.
B009ZQ8FQG|5.0|I can not get enough of this show. It sounded horrible when I first heard about it, but I decided to give it a chance and I truly enjoy watching the characters evolve.
B0083SBMBM|5.0|I have to say although admittedly I loved The Dark Knight Rises a bit more I did enjoy this Marvel film and I firmly believe The Avengers is the best film to come out of Marvel comics. I think Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Hiddelson were the best parts of the whole movie. Found myself completely cheering on the action, laughing at the funny parts. I can't wait for the sequel to come out.
B009HEJXFS|4.0|This movie was AS great as the first two MIBs, but I still really enjoy watching these actors work together.
8876250441|5.0|I have the whole series and just about every thing I can find and afford to go with it.  This book I got for my sister-in-law and now her collection is complete.  Nothing wrong with the book.  In excellent condition.
B00AMBH70S|3.0|What can I say. I like a good action packed kill'em movie, but this was no-where as good as the original Bourne movies. Should have gone a diff direction when they made this.
1452110581|5.0|I had read this book at a friend's house and just had to have one of my own, in fact got two, one for another cat lover.  The poems are so cleverly written.  Also, the price and delivery time were excellent.  A great value!
0688014291|3.0|I believe I bought this as a school text book. I don't even remember one thing about it. Sorry... maybe someone else can be more helpful.
B00AA7O6QC|4.0|This was just as expected.  Lots of shooting and explosions and some comedy.  As good as the first one.  Definitely worth renting.
B0009SUS4Q|5.0|How can you grow up with Disney, as I have, and not love Peter Pan. I bought this to expand my collection.
B00AIQP9DE|1.0|Total rip off 319 and game didn't last much longer after purchase v disappointed. Games story was really good but seen the puzzles before overall beware before you try for \\"free\\" they'll hook u with a storyline then slap you with a hefty price
B002RI9ZPY|5.0|Great read and the end of a gripping trilogy from Larsson. Just as you think you know the story, another twist happens. A marathon of a book that leaves you feeling you want more.
B001ZG4J00|4.0|This music should have been standard issue in the 70s, but for whatever reason, it was relegated to obscurity. Rodriguez combines the lyrical savvy of Bob Dylan with the singing style of Harry Chapin and the orchestration of Simon and Garfunkle, and yet he somehow went unnoticed. This music is definitely dated, but anyone who still enjoys 70s folk-pop-rock will love these gems. My only reservation is that the melodic structure of each song tends to be repetitious with a much-needed hook thrown in at the last moment. Still: RODRIGUEZ! Hooray!
B00AQ3K8IU|3.0|It's a good story and kempt me engaged, but incredibly far fetched to think the voice of a high school student is coming through in any measure of accuracy.
B001LF347E|5.0|I am not a fan of what is on regular TV any more, it's all adult drama or full of bad influences for kids.  This program is entertaining and fun and the characters are amazing!  I'm addicted to MERLIN!
B009EEFTMC|5.0|This was the best dollar I have ever spent! This game is so addicting that I can play for hours. I love the bright colors and the 3-D effect. And the ratings were very good.
B0090XLDKY|5.0|I love Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor and the comedy, dancing and singing!  I love these type of movies!  Wonderful!
0452273331|1.0|Narcissism at its finest. What a self-centered douche bag Roarke is. Were he alive today, he would obviously be an uber-hipster. Yes Keating is a prostitute willing to sell his soul and anything else to achieve his goals. But there is a balance between these two people. Rand makes out Roarke as this lofty human that is unwilling to sacrifice himself for anything or anyone. Were all people like him, this would truly be a cold and uncaring world.<br /><br />Rand may be a great writer. Read this if you want to explore other philosophies. Otherwise the story is bleak, dark, dreary and uninteresting.
B001LF347E|5.0|I bought this for my 9 year old grandson who is totally hooked on the &#34;Merlin&#34; tv show.  Great DVD set.
B00BECZPI0|1.0|can only watch the first 24 second of this video?? I paused it for an hour to let it load but still can't get pass the 24 second mark. I should have just looked for a free video on the internet. no more buying from amazon.
B006LSZECO|4.0|I really liked the book but the ending..... not so much! Maybe there will be a second book to further explain things.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|Cookies are the same thing as you too because I'm awesome games in Seattle Times square feet in Seattle space needle in Seattle Washington
B008FPOIT6|4.0|A very clever plot organized around an antique bookstore, an ancient knowledge cult, and a computer programer. This unique blend of the old world storage media, the new world storage media and the persons involved in the creation and maintenance of both keeps the reader glued to the page and wanting to know what will be the result. My only fault is that the main character is too often engaged in mindless minutiae that is at times either too incredible or too childish for one with such apparent intelligence skills.  A little discipline by the author could have avoided this.  On the whole it is well worth the read.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This game is one of the best game I have played over a lot of games #1game.so go ahead and enjoy this game as much as I do
B00867GHS8|5.0|We LOVE this movie in our house. My husband and I actually owned it before our kids were interested in sitting still long enough to watch a movie. We have been showing them various movies and this one is a favorite. Even my 2 yr old will sit through it. Well...ok..not ALL of it but she is 2 lol. She is more interested in this movie than a lot of movies.<br /><br />It is a lot of fun to watch and the animation is beautiful. The story is interesting enough for adults and easy enough to follow for preschoolers. Toddlers just enjoy the colors and the fish...and my 2 yr old daughter enjoys the shark parts.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this film you really should...especially if you have kids or are a kid at heart.
B005HSL626|5.0|Love the whole concept. G rated violence? Not afraid to give to my Son to play. Great sound effects with it too.
0307704610|5.0|While others have criticized the book for the scientific accuracy, I can say that this book was a God send. I learned a lot from it and stuck with everything it said. Within 3 months, I lost 30 pounds, gained a oncoming 6 pack, and without any working out aside from what it states in the book. I felt healthy, fit and confident. My love life improved because of the diet in the book, and I had the stamina of a beast. I recommend this for anyone who wants to seriously improve their life without really trying hard. Read the book before you hate on it.
B00AATV046|2.0|I love this movie and I got it in a very timely manner however the sound on it is not good. I had to constantly up the volume until I was finally at full volume on my television. I have not had that issue with any other dvd so I am concluding that it must be the dvd.
B007SYWFRM|5.0|very good game. keep up the good work and creativity. hchtujbjuhhgfdd tggrrttrteretetgdhgkuj<br />gdgfdfvhf ffftfcxdddfffghhhj ggfgfrttyuiikjb rryg uuytt iijnhgv rydbcjpjb guv hfh fhv dhc cgghj dhfhvhg dfghhfygutut
B00AREIAI8|5.0|No glitches and the animated features of the horse in this app is great . it's amazing how it moves  . Love this app it's the best!!!
B000SEIDR0|4.0|This was a great book and very eye opening.  Since reading it I have really started to make a serious conscious look into what I eat and where it comes from.  Since reading it I also have picked up a few of the books written by Joel Salatin the owner to Polyface Farms.<br /><br />The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because of his hunter gather sections.  He got into all of this philosophical whiny stuff about hunted animals and his internal struggle blah blah.  Plus besides the hunting compared to the rest of the book this section was not too realistic for most people to do anyways.<br /><br />All in all a great book and a must read (you can skip the last section though)
B00A8ECU24|4.0|Although impressed with the attention to detail and the story and characters are true to the  My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic series, there are a few things that annoyed me to some extent.<br />  I find it rather annoying to have to use gems to get certain pony' s. The game doesn't give you enough gems throughout the game to enable you to buy pony' s, decor or to skip a quest. I also find it ludicrous to pay 99$ for a piddly amount of gems or coins. I do however like how you can get a daily bonus. But however some quests are only completed with a Gameloft profile or Facebook account. I have neither, nor do I want one for the sole purpose of a game. I there for must skip those quests or tasks with the gems that took me so long to acquire. If there was a shop to create gems instead of bits I might be less galled. I also wish there were more of the original pony' s instead of the stupid ones.<br />  Other than these few pesky problems, this game is all around fun, cute and enjoyable.
B0056C6XIA|3.0|My husband LOVES this multitool except one thing ... the flashlight will NOT work. We tried new batteries and youtube videos to see if we were turning it on properly. Other then that it's a great item.
B005CRQ4GU|5.0|This book was just like the others. Funny and worth reading. I have read every single book and I love them more and more
B006TF6WAM|5.0|An unusual storyline that captures your attention.  A fantastic read full of emotions.  The ending leaves the reader reflecting on their own life and what life really is about.  It is a book that you will always remember.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This was a great book! I strongly recommend it to others to read. It always has your attention throughout the entire book.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|We find it a riveting show, especially since we lived in England for a year. Can't wait to see more!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This is the first trilogy I've ever read an its amazing! I wish there was more. Suzanne Collins is amazing!
B009ZQC7MY|5.0|This is a good quality series that drags the viewer in and makes him or her addicted to the series.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|words can't express my love for this excellent movie. It shows the devotion our pets have for humans.Everybody animal lovers & people who just like animals you will change your mind about pets after reading this
B005CRQ2XA|3.0|Read it with my son.  Some parts were really funny and made us laugh.  It was a quick read but the ending dropped off.
B0072GPQNG|5.0|Excellent read,I was surprised at what the horse has to go thru when in the military. Buy the movie it is another tear jerker.
B0086700CM|5.0|I would suggest everyone to buy it. This is a awesome game and this is a fast paced game. And keeping you on your toes. You will love it.
B00AW28HF6|5.0|Tsunami Connection is the first novel of trilogy by Michael James Gallagher and it is worth any penny to read. This novel is an international terrorist thriller with vibrant, intelligent action setup in reality of complicated, contemporary World.<br />Author is giving us so knowledgeable and detailed action setting, as well as pictures of fictional characters, that an impression of reality is dominated.<br />Very interesting, unpredictable plot of novel is touching the most politically sensible World's problems and places. Focus is not only on exciting action, but also to psychological contest of fictional characters.<br />This is excellent novel and a great debut.  Congratulation to author, and we are waiting for novel number two.
1477467041|2.0|I was expecting much more from this book but found that it contained no more than basic concepts that are common to most people and, poorly written. The book has several incomplete sentences and sentences that are so poorly constructed that the reader really has no idea of what the author is trying to say, no matter how many time the passage is read. He also used the wrong word in several instances, were for we're or, there for their, for instance.<br /><br />This book could be a useful tool for anyone who is seeking to become more creative in their approach to problem solving, but it is in dire need of a good editor to make it not just readable, but to bring out the author's ideas so they are much more clear and understandable.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|this app is smart and convenient. i love that syncs accross my kindle, ipad, aneroid and chrome. used with the web clipper, I never forget a thing.
B005LAIGOQ|4.0|I liked how Daniel Radcliffe did a very good job at not being Harry Potter. This movie is one of my favorite horror films and I am happy to own it.
B0083Z614S|5.0|So sweet and uplifting. I still have a smile on my face.  It's definitely a warm fuzzy feel good read.
B001LF347E|5.0|This show had me hooked from the beginning and had continued to enchant me! I can't wait to own Season Two,
B000QCS8TW|5.0|This was a great Book!! I like the show but, the book as aways is much better. Give it a try,
B007SGLZP8|4.0|The intrigue and clever twists kept my attention throughout the book. This is another book that encourages me to read more Grisham thrillers.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|I don't usually like dystopia-oriented SF, with only a few exceptions.  This is one them.  The grim setting is more than a menacing backdrop to make a standard plot seem more interesting, it is a changing and evolving character in itself.<br /><br />I've just finished the second trilogy, &#34;Shift&#34;, and part of what impresses me about Wool is how substantial a framework it creates for telling further stories.  As with the best of stories, the very nature of the world the characters live in keeps you hanging on not only to find out &#34;what happens next?&#34; but to discover &#34;why?&#34;.<br /><br />Now, I'm awaiting the final series of &#34;Dust&#34;, and part of the anticipation is not to see how certain pieces come to fit together, but also which are left roughly shaped.<br /><br />Get the omnibus rather than just the first part of the series, you will want to consume the whole thing.
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|I just love this story about Sky and Holder. So much that happens in this story that with a review it will just give it all away. I will say this get a box of tissues cause there will be some crying but no worries you will get some laughs as well. It was a very emotional story line but it was so worth the read. I recommend this book to everyone that can handle a emotional storyline.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|This series has drawn me in. I'm hooked and can't get enough of it. Everyone I know is watching it and talking about it. It's so well done and gives a glimpse into British life during the early 1900's.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|This book is difficult to put down.  It is heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time.  I cannot wait to see the movie!
B009YP9L7U|4.0|I loved this book. Loved the characters, Meagan and Conner. I hope to read more from Mira Lyn Kelly soon.
B00787IR2Q|3.0|We were bummed by how rude and disrespectful the kids were.  But the premise is super fun for kids to watch play out.
B005K17RU0|3.0|Accurate but it takes time to get used to the format.  It works well for daily weather checks. So far I like it.
B003YLK2RI|5.0|Amazing DVD quality!  Sound quality is excellent too, and Slipknot rocks the stage as they always do! Their best DVD yet.
0345529057|5.0|Wanted to give this series a try with minimal investment in case I did not like the story...I did I do awesome
B00AESN8XY|5.0|With multiple levels of difficulty, and a ton of customization, no two games are alike. Excellent game that I would strongly recommend.
1451695187|5.0|Ive read countless testimonies but nothing like this. An amazing testimony of Heaven of a near death experience from a medical and scientific perspective. So incredibly explained. Absolutely loved it. If this book doesn't change the hearts of unbelievers that God exists and that our spirits live on, nothing will. A must read +++++
B007R21JJK|5.0|Works great.  Everything booted perfectly right away.  Plenty of space for everything to fit and even some schmancy lights to make it look extra sharp.
0440246016|5.0|I love the whole &#34;Jack Reacher&#34; series.Lee Child is a excellent author and this series ranks high on my favorites list.
0446615625|5.0|The Camel club is quite a crew. Baldacci wrote a compelling story and developed some interesting characters. An enjoyable read.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|Myself and my daughter love this game although we have a problem with finding each other as friends apart from that it's great
0446195529|4.0|This is one of his better books. I read a bunch over a month period.  He has a nice style.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The whole family enjoys this book.  I would recommend this book to anyone with children that are in 4th grade and above.
B000002VMD|5.0|hands down my favorite Whitney songs!  purchased this because she had passed away and I wanted it for my collection
0316069884|5.0|if you're contemplating making a change in your life towards inner harmony, this book is for you. well written, and world-changing.
B000002PH1|5.0|Album of my graduation from college-a somber time for me.  Belinda helped immensely to ease the transition from college to life
B002ZTIIXK|5.0|What a beautiful voice. I enjoyed this album far more than I thought I would. It has made me want to choose more by her. Excellent!
B000088E77|5.0|I wore this cassette out in the 80's and am grateful Amazon got me a copy of the cd-I was very saddened by the death of their band mate
B00A9T1HUO|3.0|His voice is wonderful but I was a little disappointed by the choice of songs. Maybe it will grow on me with time but I had hoped for better.
B0000YEEGM|5.0|I still bawl!  Again Mr. Cruise has always been my guy.  Wonderful movie Oscar winner, well deserved award winning film
B009YP9L7U|5.0|I can't believe how this book kept my attention.  I read it in less than 8 hours.  What a great story!
B000JBWWRY|5.0|Wanted a dvd copy for my library before it goes back in the disney vault, one of my disney faves
B00AE9UYJ4|5.0|OMG I loved it I am scared out of my mind right now if you like scary games get this I was on easy and I was scared because by the time you get the third note HE'S THERE
B000F8O35U|5.0|One of my favorite disney characters is Ursula the Sea Witch!  Wanted this on dvd before the mermaid went back in the disney vault
B009H5IS1W|5.0|I love to watch Criminal Minds. The cast of characters seem to be great together. I hope they continue after this season.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Timeless story, a little cheeky but it was Walt Disney's favorite and my niece's favorite too, she sang Hi Ho right along with the dwarves
B005I6EVUG|5.0|It is a beautiful cover. The leather is very soft. I would recommend this to anyone. Also would make a great gift.
B005PTYP70|5.0|Mr. Cruise is my guy!  What a hunk!  Yum, Yum.  As I get older I like movies with  alot of action and he provides it
B002JWD6AS|4.0|A very different story that I entirely enjoyed!  I was so happy to find that she had written two more books.
B000002L7Y|5.0|Reminds of my buddy, a British exchange student at my college who got me on to aha.  Also, I am a huge fan of James Bond films and these guys sing Living Daylights
B008HK3XOU|5.0|This case is the perfect accessory for my Kindle Fire HD.  My husband wishes there were one that would fit his Asus tablet.
B00992CF6W|5.0|There is so much stuff you can do WOW wow WOW wow WOW wow WOW wow WOW wow I luv it
B008JMKN4Y|5.0|This book left me speechless I was sobbing half the time and smiling the rest! I loved this book an  believe me so will  you give it a try I guarantee you won't be disappointed
B00AREIAI8|5.0|I love this app I always love to ride horses so I know what to do and this app actually is pretty much just like the real deal so thank you!!!!!!!
B008JFUUQ2|5.0|Love the movie! Prime got it here fast! Digital copy is great! Haven't even watched the Bluray yet, just use the Vudu digital copy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really enjoy this app it is super fun and it has awesome games on it but I really don't enjoy that I have to wait so long for new games to come but other wise this app is awesome!!!
B007L6VR6M|5.0|You just have to see it the kids were fantastic in this movie. It was a refreshing different movie, a must see
B005EY2XFC|5.0|If you're looking for a great ride of a film thwn get this one. Action packed with a weird twisted story and characters just as odd and warped. Great buy.
0307740919|5.0|She's a truly great American writer..... I have loved ALL her books.  In a way this short book seems to sort of &#34;wrap up&#34; Ms. Morrison's pithy observations on the African American journey.
0761169253|5.0|A small, but great book about how to be creative! A must-have for everybody involved in creativity!<br />I loved it, have read it twice now!<br /><br />K
1455502758|5.0|I had the great good luck to host &#34;Hitch&#34; at my Berkeley restaurant many times when he was in the area for functions at U.C.<br /><br />I paid particular attention to his writings because he, like me, was a serious, unflinching Atheist.  I subscribed to Vanity Fair exclusively for his monthly contribution (I'm not the least interested in movie stars, so have now canceled my sub).<br /><br />Both in his varied and stimulating participation in decades of panels, debates, readings, etc. his absolute BRILLIANCE and acutely fine mind and memory made him a must see for me.  AND, he was so funny!<br /><br />He seems to have loved his life.  This book is a must for anyone dealing with the grief of loss.  i can't recommend it highly enough.
B004XDYJRU|3.0|I could not install the most recent update.  I had to uninstall the current version and reinstall from the cloud.  I do not know if this was the new version or not.<br /><br />Short of this gotcha - I really like the program and use is a great deal.  I do wish they had KLOVE available.
0670026603|5.0|I tried to describe this great read to my best reading buddy on the phone (unfocused ex-waitress from a working class British family takes a default job as a caretaker for an angry, young quadriplegic &#34;bloke&#34;) and my friend said &#34;Sounds depressing!!)<br /><br />It isn't depressing.  As with any really great novel, the surface plot of the story is actually a catalyst for deeper thoughts.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the book!
B00A80SHFM|4.0|I loved the movie despite the shaky singing of some of the actors. Bringing me upclose to the performers moved me more than I expected. In the case of Russell Crowe and sometimes Hugh Jackman, I think the live singing backfired because they were straining their voices.  Some lovely  singing from Samantha Barks and Eddie Redmayne. But I do find the soundtrack a worthy memory of the film.<br /><br />The film has made a lot of money around the world. Why not release a complete soundtrack? I would snap it up in a  minute.
B0095ZQ36G|5.0|I could not put this down, and I hated for it to end.  A great story about 2 very similar men fighting for different sides.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|At first I was skeptical when friends said that they enjoyed this--I believed that boards would either be far too simple or far too complex.  I was impressed, however, with how I was able to navigate levels that increased steadily in difficulty.  As a gamer who enjoys puzzle games, I enjoyed finding patterns and problem-solving strategies begin to develop in my mind as I continued to play.  The touch interface is great and appropriately reactive to touch, although my clutzy fingers do occasionally wipe over lines I've already made.<br /><br />Overall, a great game for puzzle-lovers!
B00881VLCE|5.0|I'm very happy with this puzzle app.  It has given me hours of cognitive exercise for my brain and having it on my kindle allows me to take it anywhere.
B009ZQ8FQG|5.0|Praying that the writers don't go all PC on us and ruin this fabulous show! We are impatiently awaiting season 4.
B00AZM7IQC|3.0|I would like to purchase this item, I only need it in 3D format and think a price of around $27.00 would be more than adequate for it.
B008MG1E4A|5.0|Good book but would have been helpful with a diagram of Osama's complex.  Hard to imagine the action once unit was inside.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|The graphics are better than with the other angry birds games.  No more ugly green pigs.  A lot of cute birds.
B00633W614|5.0|Mr. Archer has combined two of his many, considerable, talents, to give us a unique novel in a measured short story format.  Viewing his overall story through the lens of each major character within specific time periods add a demention that I've not experienced before.  While the set-up is unique, Mr. Archer has not lost one iota of his sharp projection of &#34;living and breathing&#34; characters.  They really live in your heart and mind.  Then he adds his customary twists and turns which keeps each forthcoming page a mystery until you actually read it.  And wow, what a surprise!  You'll just have to read it to feel its powerful impact.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|A very touching story of one of America's finest and all of the men in the armed forces. I was in awe of not only Marcus Luttrell, but of all Navy SEALS and the terrific and most difficult job that they do. Thanks to them and all of our fighting men.
B0084BMUFA|5.0|This is a great classic Dickens tale. Superior to any movie, so you must really take the time to read this in its original form-- in a book.
B00ACBN9CI|3.0|After the first pass the enemy is behind me no matter the moves. It would be nice to have interaction with the enemy.
B009SQRL4U|4.0|I rented this movie for my daughter to watch as we were traveling during the Christmas Holidays.  The movie was a hit and it kept her occupied during our car ride.
B008CRC506|5.0|My mother got me into this show, and in less that one weekend I watched the entire season.  Watching this show, it is impossible not to be impressed with what this show presents.  Exciting numbers, spectaculaar dancing, beautiful costumes and design.  While the overall arc of the show is wobbly, and the characters get lost and a bit muddled, the execution and presentation is spectacular.  Watch the show to enjoy a bit of original broadway in the comfort of your own home.
B007IK44CK|5.0|It was an interesting movie and really filled with action, I recommend to everyone. I will watch it over and over again.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I read all of the Hunger Games books and enjoyed them all nearly equally. I tend to favor the underdogs of the world, and the bizarre machinations of the government in this series certainly made underdogs/victims of an entire society and especially their children.<br />It's a frighteningly (possibly) realistic horror story.<br />I recommend the read if one can suppress one's indignation for the appalling treatment of a country's populace.
B002R5LKOQ|5.0|It was an interesting movie and really filled with action, I recommend to everyone. I will watch it over and over again.
B00821OX98|4.0|Very good post alien invasion show. Well written and acted with a great plot and high production values. Our hold over show while we wait on a new season of the walking dead.
B00AEJM6H2|5.0|Keeps your attention & progressively becomes more difficult.  I would recommend to anyone who likes Challenges & addictive games!!  Just love finding games that are so Enjoyable!!!
B004MNO0BQ|5.0|Great game to teach hand to eye coordination for children and my grandchildren love to play this.  Would recommend this to any age child and adults.
B007SGM084|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book, my husband has enjoyed me reading this book as well. I use some of the scenes in the book to help spice up our sex life. It definitely makes it more interesting and exciting after being together for 13 years.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Like Tony the Tiger says........ They'rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrre Great!<br />You either like it or you don't, if you buy this and don't like it<br />your probably not going to survive a zombie apocalypse.
B000I5X81K|5.0|Great voice and great music,  love to hear his voice and i would  order it any time  again and again :)
1881273156|5.0|This book is an easy read and it is so insightful. I even did a presentation on it in a college communications class. It is very insightful for each person to understand why they react the way that they do and why they crave certain expressions of love. I feel that everyone should be aware of what their own love language is as well as learning the love languages of the important people in their lives to make their relationships and communication as effect as possible!
B006OAB432|5.0|I have been reading articles about how vinyl is making a big comeback and to see today's artist releasing their work on vinyl just makes me feel like a kid again.  This a great album and I am so glad I bought it.  goHastings is a great place to shop and I am very satified with my purchase.
B001UTW7QU|4.0|This takes strange science to extremes. Some.of the episodes are too much for me, but my husband likes all of them. I hope I don't dream about the show because it would be a nightmare for sure.
B001UTW7QU|4.0|Being a Mulder and Skully fan probably prevents me from allowing a 5 star rating on this series.  Maybe in subsequent season, the father/son dynamic smooths out, but I find it annoying in season 1.<br />Fringe has enough sci-fi in it to be entertaining and there'd never be any chance of confusing this show with reality! I'll keep watching.
B000092WD8|1.0|Movie  mars  what  a  joke!  I  Placed  many  of  orders  with  this  company  the  company  sent  me  a  region2  dvd  movie<br /> that  do not  play  on  american  dvd  players  i  contacted  customer  service  talked  to  the  manager  by<br />the  name  of  Beth  who  informed  me  that  the  companies  return  policy  suck!!  I WILL  NEVER  ORDER  FROM  THIS  PLACE  AGAIN!!!  VERY  DISAPPOINTED.
B00AYB20KI|3.0|Movie was okay, one of those you can watch once and that is enough.  Took a very long time to get going.  Ending was okay, not great...
B008O037RG|5.0|I have both Mumford & Sons albums on vinyl and i love them both.  The digital copies included are great for listening everywhere else but this is a great album in any format.
B0084670FU|1.0|Maybe it was just me, but neither my husband nor I liked this movie at all and we stopped watching it about 1/2 - 3/4 of an hour in.  Just wasn't getting anything out of it!!!!!!!
B002AWX6UM|5.0|This is a heart wrenching story, but a beautiful book. The details are gory and quite graphic, but they add to the elements of the novel.
B009UX2YAC|4.0|Subway surfers is a great game. I like it alot because it stimulates your fast reflexes. It is a lot like temple run but ti me it has more of a cool story line just by looking at the part when you open the app. It is free and that is good for me because I don't have money on my kindle and probably never will. I really like it and always play. My only problem with this game is that one day I just opened the app and all my progress was gone like my characters and tokens and everything but my high score. But other than that it is a great game.
B00B3MN65K|5.0|Love Josh Groban!  Very well done.  Have enjoyed listening to it.  The price was right too.  Always a fan!!  Thanks
B0054JELS4|5.0|Truly glad to have all the seasons available any time as a fan from day one. I've had no problems with the dvd's so far.
B003UPPO2G|5.0|A wonderful concert. I grew up listening to the Beegees when the burst onto the music scene in the mid 60's. This concert is a real travel through time from their rock pop days to the monumental success during the disco era. A great concert.
B00AG6Z92C|5.0|Very happy with this album. Andrea has a superb voice and I enjoy the selections on the album. Good choice for V-Day!
B00064VR0W|5.0|rod Stewart as you would expect him.Right on and very entertaining.Like fine wine gets better with age from the early days to the present day.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|I was a little late in starting to watch this show by 2 years...I purchased Season One & was so sorry when it ended that I could barely wait til Season 2 showed up.....It's everything I love about period shows...acting is suberb, costumes are enchanting...what a cast of actors...doesn't compare with any other series I've seen in the past....Hope it goes on for a few more years......I'll be re-watching when Three ends....
B0079HLDCQ|5.0|Considering I don't read much... I couldn't put this book down! Very exciting, great mix of characters and it all comes together in a twist at the end!
B00AMBLXP8|5.0|Are you PC? Stay away. Are you from southern New England? You'll love it. Great inside jokes the rest of the country won't get.
B003O86FMW|5.0|It was as good a read as the first in the series. I can't say enough about it so I'll leave it up to other readers to rave. Ireally liked it.
B005WTR4ZI|5.0|Considerable information concerning the past, present and anticipated future of the job market and the U.S. economy. The authors' predictions in the area of robotics alone is worth the price of the book. A very solid analysis!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I couldn't wait to read this, and i wasn't disappointed. it took me back to that terrible time and i have to admit, i love books about going back into the past to try to alter a significant event. A book by S. King is like an invitation to a fabulous banquet; i can never have enough!
B009YP9L7U|5.0|This was a great read!  I loved the way Mira Lyn Kelly keeps you guessing throughout this book.  Very sexy and very interesting!!  Love it!!
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|It was so good I couldn't stop reading it!!!!!! I can't wait to read the rest of the Nicholas Sparks books!!!!
B00B935SUY|5.0|I was skeptical about this movie, being that it was a documentary about a sound board at a studio I've never heard of, but gave it a try and it was flipping awesome! I wish it was longer, though.
B000JMKTLO|5.0|She keeps you reading and in suspense. I love her books!!!<br />Her characters all have their own story behind them so your never bored you just can't stop reading ... read this book it's awesome
B005K17RU0|4.0|For example this morning's temp is off by 4 degrees. Could be the reporting station they use. Easy to use
B00AREIAI8|4.0|I enjoy this game for the simplicity. It's easy enough for anyone even your grandma. I love dressing my horse and taking pictures
B004J4WNL2|4.0|Although the book becomes redundant at times, it is certainly food for thought and it spoke to me in many ways.
B008673ZAQ|5.0|Love this book, could not put it down! Absolutely can not wait until the third one comes out. Jina can not come soon enough!!
B000QUCNXG|2.0|The concept of the book was original but the plot was not to my interest.It was sometimes hard to know is the speaker was still talking or if the listener took up the story
B009WO7NQO|5.0|So awesome! I cannot put how awesome it is in words! If Rovio is reading this, make a version of Angry birds and mix EVERY game together, with a level editor mixing every bird and piece into the editor slots.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|this is a very fun game playing on the kindle fire! I love it!!!! I would definitely recommend playing it
B004J09ONG|5.0|Excellent movie to watch with friends and family. We enjoyed it thoroughly. Kids will like it as well as adults.
B0038P59A0|1.0|Don't throw your money away on this one. No plot or story very poorly done truly a waste of money.
B006LSZECO|2.0|Entertaining and a quick read, but the end was kind of a let down. Leaves the reader wondering what happens.
1419700049|5.0|It's packed with creative ways to learn about yourself. If my son grows up to be a best selling author, I wouldn't be surprised.
B00886XQO0|5.0|My wife gave me these for Christmas replacing an older pair of wired turtle beach headphones. These are outstanding in quality, craftsmanship, and sound reproduction. I absolutely love them. Complaints about effective range are legitimate but I don't need more than 30 feet. Highly recommended.
B00B2G2RG6|5.0|Finally a new show that makes me want to keep watching.if you liked silence of the lambs this show is for you.not to mention Kevin Bacon is great as usual.watch shows in order and good luck trying to figure things out.it's not always what what you think...I love it .best show I have seen in a long time...
B00AFROVQC|5.0|Nice job with the beginning of this series.  i will keep up with it as you publish more.  great imagination.
B002WIDRM6|5.0|This group is great and the album is so nice to listen to when you want to relax.  Every song is nice.
B003Y5BOS0|3.0|Decently funny.  Rainn Wilson is the key reason why this movie is funny.  If you like to see 'never beens' get their due in a funny movie this one is for you.
B00AZL3PBK|1.0|this app would be fun if it worked. try to jump and go side ways at the same time but it wont let me. it works in 1 direction but not the other. there is no way I can pass levels like this.
B002VUFKG6|5.0|Really love Elizabeth Gilbert's style of writing and appreciate the follow up to Eat Pray Love. So intriguing to see marriage and customs in other cultures and to hear Elizabeth's story and her happy ending :)
B000HKYBXA|5.0|I had to watch this for class, we read Hamlet.  So, I followed along in the book and these actors were dead on with their lines!!
B00AMBLXP8|4.0|This is a movie I have to see again, but it definitely tickles your funny bone.  It's not a laugh out loud movie, but it does put a smile on your face.
B001TKMAGW|5.0|I lve Blakc Sabbath, my son had never heard them.  Now he knows who they are and likes the music.
0812416503|4.0|It was very nice to purchase a hardcover of this book but the size was that of a paperback. The print was very small and difficult to read.
B00684J49U|5.0|I can't wait to add this to my collection.  I own seasons 1-7 and love to have Grey marathons.  Thursday is my favorite day becaue the new episodes come on ABC then.
B004SVM7BW|4.0|Other reviewers have already underlined some crucial advantages of this reader. I'll add that exactly those advantages make this excellent tool for interactive use of scientific publications, educational materials and similar.<br />One star off for easy to add yet missing feature: one of advantages of this reader is ability to annotate in a document. This feature can be improved by adding proper &quot;Palm rejection&quot; and, even better &quot;stylus only&quot; writing/ annotating mode. As is, one must be very careful not to &quot;smear&quot; whole document while annotating by inadvertent touches.
B001UTW7QU|5.0|Best show since the X-Files!!  Great Science Fiction and Drama all wrapped up into one!!  Once I started watching this series, I couldn't stop - great edge of your seat thrill of a ride!!
B005ZOBNOI|5.0|Sucks you in almost immediately and takes you on a roller coaster full of emotions. Can't help but fall in love with the characters - witty, intellectual, honest. Definitely worth a read.
B009Y6UCRC|5.0|As usual, Joe delivers the goods on this album.  Beth Hart fits well in this blues environment.  I hope they do another album together.. If you like Bonamassa - you'll love this one.
B005LCYR7Y|3.0|I liked it, but some chapters were a bit boring. I prefer more dynamic books...... ............. .........  ........... .......... ................
B000ATQYT2|5.0|I purchased this dvd to replace the cassette movie which we were not able to play anymore.  I wished they would have improve the quality of the picture and sound. Received it very quickly too
B008BQ8VOC|5.0|Gabriel is smokin hot and the plot is always so interesting.  I am a hardcore Suits fan. Cannot say enough.
0307346617|5.0|book was amazing loved it must buy if your into zombie or played Day Z. all and all a very good buy
B000QCS8TW|2.0|I started this book because I know lots of people who loved it. I have no issue with the writing, I just don't like the genre.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Fits perfectly. Very lightweight. Exactly as advertised. I ordered the pink and I'm pleased with the color. Also very smooth and soft to the touch.
B00006JI11|2.0|I love this movie, but it would not play in my dvd player. This product was asking for a regional code, which means it has to be converted  to USA dvd players. I didn't even know such a thing exist. Please browse/read about the dvd and certain description or disclaimers carefully. Sorry had to return.
B009U9S6FI|5.0|I had read this book many years ago.  I am so grateful to have access to it again.  In our confusing and difficult times it is wonderful to know that our lives have meaning even in the midst of unavoidable suffering.  His personal experiences and insights offer hope to our own search for meaning each moment of our lives.
0345803493|5.0|This book held my attention from the beginning until the end.  Although it's just fantasty I was beginning to wish that Christian was a real character.
B007SGLZP8|5.0|Wow!  What a story...kept me wondering through the entire book right up to the end!  One of Grisham's best!  I am such a fan!
0345803507|5.0|I enjoyed every chapter of this book! I couldn't put it down because of being anxious for the next chapter.
0307408833|5.0|The helpful hints and beautiful colors made my friends want to all try these recipes!! Highly recommend this book for beginners
B0098VXE50|5.0|I recommend this product to anyone who likes Fairy Tales. Only 10 more words required to finish this here review.
0446554995|2.0|It's with a very heavy heart that I drop a 2-star review on Preston and Child. I have the utmost respect for their efforts. Their stories are creative, terrifying, chilling, and mysterious. Pendergast is perhaps the best sleuth since Holmes. But this latest book, just doesn't seem like the same authors wrote it. Unrealistic within the rules of its own setting, schizoid, vague, cliched, and well, boring: this book made me turn pages faster than any other book in their catalog. Just not for the right reasons.<br /><br />Rather than being so hooked that I could hardly stand to linger on a page, I found myself skimming, looking for something redeeming...some hint of past greatness. I seriously wonder if this was Preston and Child lashing out at their publisher for some absurd deadline or contract point.<br /><br />Everyone has a bad day at the office, but this was a tough one to hack through. I hope Preston and Child make a comeback.
B008AITJ24|5.0|I recommend this product to anyone who likes forensic anthropology. Only 10 more words required to finish this here review.
B005LAJ1O0|5.0|I did not see all of the episodes in the first season and this really gave me a better understanding how things progressed. Therefore I have pre ordered the second season.
B0053O89KG|5.0|I like the series! Why do these reviews have a word minimum for submission? It rally takes away from the 'ease' of providing consumer reviews.
B0052RDHTM|1.0|I mustve done something wrong - not on my Kindle.  It is however, on my credit card.  Havent been able to rectify yet but I wont be using my Kindle
B005LAJ1H2|5.0|The product arrived looking as if it had already been out of the box (I was supposedly purchasing a 'new' copy). Even though the shrink wrap was intact, the corners of the box and the box itself showed excessive wear and the last disc holder had a tooth broken off so the disc just slides around inside the box. Have watched the first disc and it seems to work fine though. I do not recommend using this seller. I recommend this product to anyone who likes Gangster movies. Only 10 more words required to finish this here review.
B000FBFMZ2|4.0|Altered Carbon can best be described as a Sci-Fi Noir.  Author Richard K. Morgan's debut novel give us a classic Dashiell Hammett or Raymond Chandler mystery, but told in a very Philip K Dick setting.  There's a murder mystery, a femme fatale, and a real hard boiled investigator.  The thing is, though, the investigator has been stuffed into someone else's body without his consent and the victim, well, he's still alive in a new cloned body.<br /><br />The book really takes off running and keeps the pages turning for the first half.  We're quickly thrown into the twenty-fifth century where Earth is a fairly boring novelty, sex, drugs, and violence appear to be the only forms of entertainment, and permanent death is only for the poor, unlucky, or Catholic.  Unfortunately, the plot seems to meander a bit at the mid-point and I quickly found myself losing interested.  From there until the ultimate climax, I really found myself struggling to care what happens next to anyone.<br /><br />If there's one thing I know for certain after reading this, it's that Morgan can write some of the best, most vivid action sequences I've ever read.  The guy crafts some seriously intense sequences worthy of a John Woo movie.  You can almost feel time dilate as the energy and adrenaline kick in.  For that reason, I have to blame the problems I had with the pacing or plot can only be attributed to Morgan's inexperience at this point in his career.  Without a doubt I'll be checking out much more of his work.
0515142247|3.0|I have read five of the Jack Reacher novels so far, not in consecutive order.<br />My favorite so far is \\"Gone Tomorrow\\" while \\"Die Trying\\" is my least favorite.<br />The \\"Die Trying\\" plot was somewhat weak but my main issue was with the lack of focus in the story telling. At times it did not seem that it was a Jack Reacher novel.<br />Lee Child starts out strong with defining a totally insane leader of a militant cult. Then the story starts to weaken. Not a bad novel but not memorable either.<br />If you are new to Lee Child's series then start with his first novel \\"Killing Floor\\". If you enjoy that one then you will have lots of reading ahead of you.
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|Title says it all! Downloaded it 3 hours ago..haven't stopped yet. Word of advice though..save the prizes..short term its quick coins..but the bonuses are amazing!
B008673ZAQ|4.0|Ok so I was kinda being a hater with book 1 and hating on Eva but reading this book (still hating on Eva not as much but still lol) I'm getting the whole Eva Gideon screw ups can't wait to read the next book!! Sorry about the rating on first book but that was how I  felt but all in all did read fifty shades of Gray and by far bared to you and reflected  in you are by far  way better reads!!!!!!!!
B007QDNKQA|4.0|My husband and I thoroughly  enjoyed this movie.  It is not necessarily a 'see again&#34;  movie and if you are turned off by violence, avoid it.
B0070Y46UY|5.0|This book is amazing. I read it in a day and a half,could not put down. Would recommend to all my friends.
B000002MP2|5.0|Around 1994, the Epitaph/Lookout labels were really beginning to stockpile talent.  I heard Longview on the radio and bought the CD the next day.  I probably did not stop listening to it for weeks.  This CD, along with Smash, Let's Go, Punk In Drublic, and Smash really paved the way.  More importantly, it made me go back and purchase earlier CD's (1039 and Kerplunk from Green Day, Ignition from Offspring, Suffer and No Control from Bad Religion, White Trash and Ribbed from NOFX, Rancid S/T).  I hardly consider this a sell out album.  Green Day never had a true punk sound.  They were more a semi punk band, and that was/is fine with me.  I enjoy this CD just as much almost 20 years later.  It really cemented a great time in my life (I was elated all summer watching the Rangers win the Stanley Cup).  Just a lot of fun, great piece of history.  Unfortunately, we would only get one more quality CD out of Green Day (Insomniac) before they turned into MTV garbage.  Normally I tend to favor songs not released, but Basket Case is definitely my favorite.
B006UV8DJS|2.0|This one is a waste!  I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought this app. Not worth it!
B0053O89JM|5.0|I have been a big fan of House for quite sometime. As soon as I heard the last season was coming out I jumped right on here and ordered it, Once I received season eight and got to watching it I was no dissatisfied!
B001NHNG64|4.0|Action packed. Flows well.  now I'm addicted to Jack Reacher and the tight spots he finds himself dealing with.  Hard to put down!
B002VKB0M4|5.0|The item was in great shape. Seller did a good job of packaging. The plot of the movie is a little flat, but the setting makes it certainly worth the watch.
B008HK3XU4|5.0|it was a great buy . I feel that my kindle fire is safe  when i use my case and the stand makes it easy to use at my desk.
B00ADYYBFI|5.0|I love the show and I like the music they have on the show so I thought, why not get the album and it is awesome.
B00A9X9TIW|5.0|Very good movie rental choice. I was pleasantly surprised. Joseph Gordon Levitt doesnt look like himself.He altered his appearance to look more like a Younger Bruce Willis. That alone through me for a loop. I highly recommend watching this movie.
B0099Y2MYK|5.0|This came quicker than they expected it and I like that, since I am addicted to the show. I like how it is mainly for women but some men can appreciate this show.
B009SQRL4U|5.0|I rented for the Holidays for my 7 year old. It was a 48 hour rental and we must have watched it at leat 3 times. It was enjoyable and I highly recommend.
B008XNZMOU|5.0|I love this album. My sister and I always listen to this album and sing along to it. My sister really relates to her.
B001NA6096|5.0|If you love great dialogue and you are truly patient, you will love this movie.I am not saying that these are the only criteria but I think they will help if you want to enjoy the movie. Hawke and Delpy give genuine performances as Jesse and Celine. The movie highlights the carelessness and associated with youth but also the dismissal of the impossible. Timeless film!
B005Q1W10A|5.0|I love this show. I dislike how Netflix only has the first season, but at least I found the other 2 seasons on here.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Game is good. VERY GREAT I LIKE IT SO MUCH BECAUSE LALA LOOSPY THE WORLD IS A Greater NUMBER ONE IN WITH YOUR OWN PROJECT MANAGEMENT AND BLOGSPOT
B004BCT2HU|3.0|While this is the full version of the concert performed in Germany (not the condensed English version available thru PBS), I would only recommend this to lovers of Garrett's music. Sound quality is OK, definitely not Blu Ray and Garrett only speaks in Deutsche. As a limited speaker of German I could somewhat interpret, however my 9 year nephew was a little confused after opening his holiday presents. He loves Garrett's violin playing which was a plus.<br /><br />There are a few reasons why I suspect an illegal Chinese bootleg copy. While some of the song titles appear in English at the bottom of the screen, the only two choices for language subtitle selection through your DVD player is Chinese 1 and Chinese 2. There is no internal paperwork and the dirty cardboard flecks between the front cover picture and plastic are like nothing I have seen before. This leads me to believe the likelihood of an illegal bootleg copy.<br /><br />This was sold by Amazing-Concert-DVDs Storefront and while they get a strong 5 of 5 rating, I was not that impressed.<br />I would ask Amazon to seriously investigate whether this is a Chinese bootleg copy being sold, as American standards do not<br />need to drop to this low in order to obtain possible illegal goods for a low price.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|Temple Run, plus new hurdles, new rewards, and improved graphics.  Great touch screen response, leader board to beat plus stat page to outdo yourself.  Outrun the giant anteater monkey!
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love solitare, always have, the only problem I have is all the pop ups, other than those love it
1592407889|4.0|Interesting read. What fascinated me most was the voice of the author. Parker comes across as intelligent and empathetic. An accurate representation of narcissism in a parent (MacLaine) and alcoholism in a parent (Parker's father, Steve) should ring true to readers who came up in similar circumstances. That said, I think MacLaine's objection to the book is an over-reaction. Is she really unable, at this point in her life, to consider how her parenting (or lack thereof) affected her daughter?
B00821PCJS|3.0|enjoyed the program very much but think there ia another season that IS NOT available. Picture was not very good on Prime.
0812416503|1.0|I wouldn't have even given this product a star...I am mainly writing as to the Quality of it.  I was terribly DISAPPOINTED.  They said the product was a hardbound book...it was - but with inferior cardboard and the front pages were stuck to the cover, didn't even represent a book of ANY masterpiece.  I paid over $11 for this and I had purchased another to my mind (Masterpiece - The Count of Monte Cristo) and the book was wonderfully bound, uneven pages, quiet like an old book, amazing, for $7.95.  I love this story (Rebecca) but who ever made this product should not show it again.  Amazon if your reading, DO NOT get product from this vendor again!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This is like so wicked my friend keep playing and playing it to try to get new people. I love it it's so fun!!!!!! Rate this app hey mabey they can come out with a second one that would be AWESOME
B00B2V66VS|4.0|tr2 is a nice improvement over the original. same gameplay but different look and environment. plays great on my kindle fire.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I love this game it us the best game in the world and I love too play this game I love playing it when I wake up I look forward to playing this game. I am lvl thirty five all ready and i cant wait to lvl up more its an fabulous exciting and addictive game and this game is for anyone who is look for excitement to pass the time.
B007FY9ZWI|5.0|Sounds phenomenal. Even for the free version.  I love how you can customize the EQ settings and how the player separates podcasts from music. It really does make a difference; now I don't have random podcasts playing after a track of music. And there are a number of other things that make this player great. I like the sound output. If your headphones are not quite up to par sound wise, try installing and using Rocket Music Player, enable the EQ and see the difference.
B004J4WNL2|5.0|This book examines, in plain language, how misfits can thrive in a world not designed for them.  It is well worth the read.
B008S80OU2|5.0|like most acts, of should I say recordcompanies, BC had already a vast array of compilationalbums out, which did not offer very much outside their regular albums so any reason to buy them was nonexistent. Till now! This is the ultimate boxset you can expect of a band that has delivered a string of great songs throughout the years, they are active over 4 decades as recording and performingsartists. Apart from a better, clearer, sound this set offers you the first 5 studio-albums with a load of bonusmaterial, the extended live-albus Some Enchanted Evening, plus the DVD from that time with al live performance of their seventies show with lasers et all. Also a bord is the formidable \\"Imaginos\\" album, the last studio-outing for Columbia, which took years to make and was a long time not available on CD. Included are also 2 seperate discs with obscure studio and live recordings. So what more can you wish? It covers the entire career from BC when they were under contract by Columbia Records, including the 3 execellent live-albums.
B007QPFGJW|5.0|A superb ending to a brilliant series.  Felt a part of every character... policeman, drug dealer, murderer,  friend and lover.
B000OZ0NXA|4.0|Since the book was written in the late 1990's when a few were still around I kept waiting for Reacher to jump into a phone booth to changed into his super hero outfit.  The plot is interesting and Killing Floor is a fun read.
B00AREIAI8|4.0|I love it I've never had a horse before so it's nice to see what it takes to take care of one
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This game is so fun. I've bee been playing non stop to get the limited time Rio character.I love this game. It is so obsessing and I love action and speed.
B00B3MN65K|5.0|I love Josh Groban and this music set is beautiful. I especially enjoy the last song and would play it for a romantic encounter.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|Charming show, very historic of life during this period, and good actors.  I can't wait to see Season 3 next.
B00AJRQLTI|5.0|I love Les Miserables and have seen the play, first movie version, and this one.  How can you miss with Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe and the other stars of this movie.  You don't get music compositions with 20 songs every day!
B007S7U4AY|5.0|M.J. Moreno delves into the relation between parents and children, in this case two very different generations, trying to understand how something that we take for granted could have been so different not all that many years ago.  The book is well written, concise and keeps you interested until the very last page.
B007W1BLN0|5.0|The invincible young man's happy journey to death.  When realized his folly it was too late.  What a pitty.  He could've given a lot of comfort to his parents at their old age, who had apparently found peace with God.  Good news is that he had found peace with God himself in the end.
B003JTHXOK|4.0|Great Sparks novel.  I'm looking forward the movie.  It has all the things you'd expect from a Sparks story, and is an easy read.
0761169253|2.0|The ten points on the back cover are it really. The rest of the book is filler. I keep it in the loo for people to flick through ...
B0002E5O9G|5.0|I am a complete Les Miz fan, music, movie, and book. Would highly recommend!<br />Seeing the newly released movie will help make the stage presentation make a lot<br />more sense. It will tie the songs together.
B007MDB548|5.0|I bought it to share with the grandchildren at Christmas time and we all enjoyed it. I will no doubt watch it myself from time to time.
B004GHNIRK|3.0|As much as I love the story, the book is a heavy, heavy read. Hugo<br />goes off on what I considered side stories. French names of people, places,<br />and things bogged me down. I skimmed a lot, then settled back into the main<br />story line when it cropped up here and there. Guess I'm a product of &#34;give it to<br />me simple and straight&#34;.<br />I am learning a tremendous amount through my efforts however and I know I<br />will be glad to finish the epoch. I'm 1/2 through so far.<br />Thanks, Amazon, for making it a free download. I really appreciate that!
0307455874|3.0|Barack Obama's Nobel Prize proves how good he is at Peace, just as his Energy Secretary Steven Chu's Nobel Prize proves how good he is at Physics.
B0042TV4IW|5.0|I would recommend this for family viewing. It's so wonderful to see something that reflects traditional values. The acting was supurb and so was the story line. Can't wait for the next season.
B00A11AN6O|5.0|use this on my kindle to save some space, works great..wouod highly recommend this to anyone that needs a little space saved
B0006N2EZ0|4.0|i forgot how good it is i really enjoyed watching it i will keep watching Kevin is really good in it and so is whitney
B0086449YA|5.0|Mark Knopfler is, by far, one of the best singer, songwriters out there today. Kudos to his enormous talent, his talented crew of musicians, his interesting choices of song subject matter, his signature sound, and his flashes of humor. This combination keeps me coming back for more.
B00846REIS|5.0|i love this book. highly recommend this and the entire series. a really, really, really, really, really, really, really, good read
B0086AYAQ6|5.0|Valentina Lisitsa is one of the most talented, gifted pianists to come along in the past 30 years.  Her technique is flawless, her artistic interpretation exquisite.  If you are a fan of classical music, and of the piano, you can't go wrong with this CD.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|thor is a great superhero movie! i will be glad when the sequel come out.chris is a great actor for this movie.
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|I enjoy playing this game on my kindle tablet. I picked it because it was free but I wished they gave moe free coins at one time.
B0034DGPEU|5.0|Great story, well told.  The characters were easy to love,hate and just get to know.  I highly recommend this book to everyone who loves the concept of what makes a family.
B009LREA1S|5.0|I am always more interested in the villains of super hero movies than I am the super hero. I think Heath Ledger's Joker is The Dark Knight is easily a top 5 villain of all time. I don't put Bane quite so high in my list, but it's still a great performance. I know its skewed by what I think is one of the best voices used, but I really enjoyed the character. The story of the movie and the stories within the story are quite interesting and there is a good mix of action, drama, and beautiful women. I've watched it several times  and have yet to not enjoy it.
B00AREIAI8|4.0|this game makes you feel like you are actually taking care of real horses! This game is highly recommended for kids who like horeses and especially for when you cant have any like me
B00992CF6W|5.0|favorite game ever and it wouldn't let me update it on my kindle. very very mad fix immediately! !! I uninstalled it and tried to reinstall it and it wont let me. I am truly crushed inside...
B00004TS0E|5.0|I've watched this one every year since I was little! It's the best Christmas movie we own and definitely on par with \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" and \\"Elf\\"
B001ANSSDC|5.0|A very captivating story that delivers life's ups and downs with realism, traumas, healing, laughing, crying, deceit, love and forgiveness.
B004J4WLB4|5.0|This book was fantastic. The literature was phenomenal. I couldn't stop reading it. The author was inspired in writing it.
B008JMKN4Y|5.0|This story was just......ah! There are no words. I'm absolutely in love with these characters that she created. The emotion and back story that went behind Pigeon was so.....I can't even think of a word for it. Perfect. This book was perfect. Intense 5 is my rating. (:
B007VUA7VO|5.0|This is a good app that has helped me to keep track of my battery more and how to make it last.  It's not life changing but I have no complaints with it.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|Read it in a few short hours .  I hate to say goodbye to all the  characters<br />I will miss them.
B006M4F67A|4.0|This game is so very addicting. I can't get enough. This game Just doesn't have enough levels. More levels please!
1451695195|5.0|I enjoyed Dr. Alexander writing. the book gave me a new prospective on this subject... I will pass it on to my family.
B0095VP8D4|5.0|Buen procesador, en cuanto ha rendimiento y costo... El envo fue inmediato, el articulo llego en buen estado a venezuela... lo recomiendo con la tarjeta madre MSI Socket FM2/AMD A85...
030758836X|5.0|This was slow at first but soon turned into a GREAT read.  It takes you thru several twists and turns before the end. It gets into your mind.  Grab this book on a cozy day and enjoy!!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This Game contains exactly what I want<br />Puzzles,Action,and great fun.I only unlocked Tricky and Jake so far.Me and my brother heard about this game from a friend.
B001UTW7QU|5.0|Our son has recommended that we watch this for a long time.  We decided to give it a try<br />and were amazed at the way good acting and science fiction blend for an episode that<br />captured us immediately.
B00992CF6W|5.0|Best game ever. They now have armor and babies. Here's a cool app to edit your inventory: Pocketinveditor. If you want to use this app you have to have the world you want SHUT down.
B003LQ3YXU|4.0|It's a lil old school, but the creativity reaches beyond the current status quo on teen fiction. Dr. Who is good, clean, time-travel fun!! Plus, accents are always fun!!
B0018QQQK8|5.0|This book was good but the movie was better!i love zac efron in the movie and i know we are supposed to be talking about the book!
B00821OX98|5.0|I very much enjoyed the plot and the acting.  Noah Wyle is an awesome actor.  I also enjoyed the cliff hanger at the end of the season.
B000065K6N|5.0|It shipped fast and was in great condition (Still in the plastic) and pretty cheap. Plus it's a great movie so why not get it?
0525478817|3.0|I think I may have gone in to this book with expectations that were a bit too high. Afterall, look at it's Amazon ratings. Admittedly, I was a bit hesitant about jumping into it after I read the synopsis (cancer books aren't really my thing), but after skimming through some of the reviews, I deduced that there must be more to this book than kids dealing with cancer. However, The Fault in Our Stars seemed like a more realistic and less poetic version of a depressing Nicholas Sparks novel.<br /><br />Now don't get me wrong, it was [bitter]sweet and I really liked the main characters, but something was just off and I think that may be attributable to John Green's writing style. I haven't read anything else by JG, but I couldn't get to a place where I felt anything more than sympathy for the unfortunate Cancer Kids--which is exactly what they didn't want! I couldn't feel Hazel and Gus' pain, I could only watch from the outside and feel horrible for them. I couldn't become Hazel in my mind, put myself in her shoes and hurt as she hurt. I was only allowed to peer in and then feel guilty that I didn't have cancer, and therefore couldn't really understand the feeling of having numbered days left in this life.<br /><br />Ultimately, I just never saw how this book was about anything more than kids that had \\"fault in their stars\\" (aka cancer). I did shed tears during certain pivotal moments and I absolutely loved Augustus Waters who made me laugh out loud several times. I did get a bit bored whenever he and Hazel launched into discussions on existential realities and the like, but I did enjoy their exchanges on bigger infinities. Also, the significance of the word \\"okay\\" resonated deeply with me. It was a decent if not somber read, but I think I'll stick to non-cancer books from now on.<br /><br />Oh, and why didn't we get to read Augustus's sequel to AIA and find out what happened to Anna's mom and the Dutch Tulip Man?!
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|Too boring, not enough of Katness stepping up and taking the fight to them. To much luck. By now you expect her to be almost a wonder woman. I would expect some major changes in the screenplay.
030758836X|4.0|WELL. That was quite the imbroglio. What a fun/thrilling/strange/convoluted mess of a book. You know how it's accepted wisdom that you're supposed to be with someone who brings out the best in you? Well, Nick and Amy Dunn decided to do a 180 on that mantra and instead marry someone who brought out the worst in themselves. It's hard to say much without giving away massive spoilers, but suffice it to say that Nick and Amy were one screwed up couple (#trainwreck). It was sick yet intriguing to read their mostly revolting (but sometimes sweet) thoughts and feelings about one another. Their dynamic had me constantly switching sides on who I was rooting for, and it kept me guessing as to what actually happened.<br /><br />Even though their marriage had enough complexities to write an entire book about (oh wait, Gillian Flynn did!), you know what disquieted me most about their deranged relationship? I could relate to them at certain points. WHAT?! I know. I promise I'm not a psycho. I definitely (and thankfully!) can't say I've experienced the dark affections they had toward one another, but I can understand the attraction that results from being challenged on every front by someone of the opposite sex. Boring and predictable relationships, be damned!<br /><br />One more note, I listened to this on audio and absolutely loved it. Julia Whalen was perfect as Amy, and Kirby Heyborne was wonderful as Nick. I have self-diagnosed ADD/ADHD and struggle with getting distracted by All The Shiny Things when attempting to listen to audiobooks. Not so with Gone Girl! I even listened to it while on a few 3 mile runs and didn't get bored at all. It actually caused me breathing troubles a few times as different things unfolded. I couldn't manage running, breathing and being shocked all at the same time. Highly recommended!
B0044LK8J4|5.0|This has become one of my favorite Christmas albums.  If you like Pink Martini's eclectic style, you'll LOVE this one.
0307744434|3.0|I feel a bit guilty about only giving this book 3 stars because clearly Erin Morgenstern can write. She also must have an amazing imagination to come up with all the different magical tents contained in the Night Circus. The book's blurb says \\"Written in rich, seductive prose, this spell-casting novel is a feast for the senses and the heart.\\" I agree up until the last three words 'and the heart.' Unfortunately, as enchanting as her descriptions were of the circus, the plot wasn't executed well and I never connected with any of the myriad characters.<br /><br />The story hops around in time and place with each chapter starting off in a different month/year and city. This had me constantly turning back to the previous chapter to figure out when events in the new chapter were occurring chronologically. Each chapter switched to a different character as well which was confusing for the first half of the book. Due to the constant shifting, there wasn't much depth to the characters (except possibly Poppet and Widget whom we get to watch from birth to adult) which led to my apathetic feelings toward everyone.<br /><br />Additionally, there was no action. At all. The concept of dueling magicians competing in a game within the realms of a circus is quite unique. Action between competitors is paramount to successful game story writing. The Night Circus did not deliver in that regards, and is what ultimately led to my 3 star rating. Neither Celia nor Marco really wanted to play the game which contributed to the lack of action. Had this story focused more on romance, this approach to the game would have worked. As it was, Celia and Marco rarely see each other and have minimal interaction throughout most of the book despite being life long competitors in a game they don't fully understand.<br /><br />If you like reading about circuses and enjoyed Water For Elephants, then you may like this more than I did. I've only ever been to one circus and it was in an arena, not a giant tent. Thus, I don't have circus filled memories for a book like The Night Circus to play upon. Additionally, if you are the type of person who enjoys reading pages upon pages of fascinating imagery and doesn't mind an underdeveloped plot, you will love this book. I, unfortunately, am not that person.
B00BB8RKH6|1.0|If the studio had actually been honest with what this movie was about, I wouldn't have wasted my money. Thriller? Mystery? Who actually landed the plane? The only thing this movie had was good acting by Mr. Washington but other than that, I would much rather see a movie about people with high ethics and moral standards. Not sure any were introduced here. Might have missed it but I'm not going to watch it again to try to pick out one decent human being.
0307744434|5.0|I'm ecstatic to have finally found a book that is this beautiful and intend to purchase the hardcover to adorn the shelves in my private room. What a fascinating tale this was. From beginning to end I never once wanted to put the Kindle down. At the same time I forced myself to put it down only to prolong the ending. This was truly a masterpiece - one that I will read to my children and then to my grandchildren and let Erin Morgenstern take them on the same mind blowing adventure that she took me.
B0095P3ULC|1.0|I enjoyed the 1st Transformers movie for what it was. Found the 2nd to be unwatchable. This one is better than the second one but what is that saying.
B008B92U32|5.0|if you have seen those face swap memes on the internet and find them as hilarious as i do them this is a great substitute for a photo shop skills. easy to use to boot.
B008M36EEI|5.0|A rarity these days: a good story.  Well acted, beautifully photographed, and not derivative at all.  We need more films such as this.  More from the Scots, please!
B007BFSYMS|3.0|its a good app but honestly you could just download similar tracks and play through you music player for free.
B007HC3LHS|5.0|I enjoyed the story and found it very intense and had a hard time putting it down.  I read for the enjoyment and escape it provides and this book did just that.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Only used it on local weather so far, but it has been pretty much, right on.  Nice graphics and easy to read.  Seems like a handy weather app for your tablet.  Recommended.
B000VWYNNW|5.0|Good selection of songs from first 5 albums. Showcases Jimmy Page's guitar mastery more than any studio album could. The extended version of \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" shows how unbelievably awesome Page could be. Album is long enough to give the band a chance to show their innovative use the basic Led Zep sound to get many different moods and permutations.<br /><br />If you like Led Zeppelin you'll love this.
B0078X2LKY|5.0|We love reading this book.  It makes us laugh and the kindle version works great.  We are a mom and a four and two year old boys
B004X4QVSO|5.0|This movie was seriously awesome. I did not expect it to be this good. Great pick. Everybody should see this. On the same level as Ong Bak
B003SNJYSK|5.0|Harry Hole is an interesting subject, full of flaws, but believable.  Another great book from Jo Nesbo, I will read all his books.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|This is a really great game.  It's a wonderful follow-up to Temple Run and very well designed.  I would recommend it to anyone!
030758836X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down. If you like suspense, it's worth a read in my opinion -- and I also found it to be a searing and at times frightening analysis of where America is as a culture. To those who found it less than what they expected, I always think of what Paul McCartney had to say about bad reviews (this is not an exact quote): \\"I'm still waiting for a critic to write, 'Here's what's wrong with this song ... and here's a better one I wrote.'\\" I can't wait to read Flynn's other books!
B0086700CM|4.0|Great fun but can sometimes be a little buggy on the Kindle Fire. It was free, though, so I can't complain.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|the original game was good but this one is better. there is more demention to the game that in the first one with collecting jewels and levels. it my go to game when I'm board. I have it on my phone and kindle. you might call me a addict :)
B0096DZKZC|4.0|With all the twists and turns you expect it would get five stars but the controls are a little hard sometime i jump when i want to duck and spin. graphics are crisp and clean and no lag times. Great buy if your into sonic or tails.
B000ICXQUQ|5.0|Just an awesome fantasy film, that makes me well up Everytime. Timeless! Highly recommended to Anyone who wants to escape
B006MW3UZW|5.0|I watched season one and was impressed in every aspect-reference my excellent review.  It just got better with Season 2.  Thanks, Masterpiece Theater!
0394800389|5.0|This is a terrific book, was in excellent condition just as the seller promised. My son LOVES this book, he really pays attention to it. You will be tongue tied by the end, but it is so worth it. I definitely recommend this seller and their products.
B00AREIAI8|4.0|Great game but don't forget to quit or you will be locked out. It has all the simple equestrian things to do.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|I just started watching it a few days ago..... I'm now done with the 3rd season!!!! What an addicting show. Can't wait for the 4th season!!!!
B00AREIAI8|5.0|Truly amazing has great fun features and amazing detail. Not to mention the great quality too!!! I will never get bored with this and I would recommend it to any horse lover. :)
B009LHWEKW|5.0|As a fan of the show its hard not to give it five stars, you either like it or you dont.  Dont over think it and dislike it because of errors or silly episodes.  Appreciate it for what it is, entertainment of a specific type.  Also gave it the five stars because I forget to hit the record button and miss episodes of the current season and being that not all episodes are available for free this is a great option to catch-up.  The HD version was awesome, a bit over priced at $2.99 but still picture quality awesome.
B007IXWKUK|5.0|Not bad, I like the drama. I only read it because people went crazy over the books, I think I was a little let down.
B0044C5SCU|5.0|Like an Updated X-Files, with its own very strange directions.  Do the whole series from season 1, you'll love it.
B000EOTEPO|5.0|\\"At The Heart Of Winter\\" was my first listening experience from Immortal, and I must honestly say I was instantly amazed with the frozen, atmospheric beauty, and the cold brutality behind this stunning piece of work, and I was won over in an instant as a result. Whenever I'm listening to this album, I always imagine myself being surrounded by vast, cold, and beautiful winter landscapes, exploring frozen caves of ice, and standing on top of a frozen, snowy mountaintop while admiring the majesty of the winter landscape. This album truly is the perfect blackened winter metal soundtrack, believe me. Abbath's guitarwork is just magnificent, with the use of awesome thrashy style riffs, fast tremolo picking, and many speed changes and chord progressions, and of course his throat ripping vocals are good enough to want to conquer all that you face in your path. Horgh's drumming is absolutely amazing here, ranging from insanely fast blasting beats, to perfectly well timed double bass and fantastic fills. I really like how he doesn't restrict himself to a single one-dimensional style, like mindlessly blasting away, or placing his feet on auto pilot while droning away on his double bass. A lot of different timings for the snare are used, as well as a multitude of crashes, and he also follows along with Abbath's speedy riffs with excellent percussion without losing any time whatsoever. The album's first track \\"Withstand The Fall Of Time\\" is a brilliant opener that starts off with a great single opening riff before the song kicks into full speed. The following track \\"Solarfall\\" is without question one of Immortal's best songs ever. It begins with a quick drum roll, and then follows into a barrage of awesome riffs, drumming, and vocals. A true highlight this song is, and the highlights just keep on coming. Another one of my favorites, track three \\"Tragedies Blows At Horizon\\" just immediately grabs you by the throat and never lets up with more awesome, catchy riffage, including an awesome headbanging take no prisoners like riff around 5:18, and I also love the nice, catchy and atmospheric clean chord parts thrown in as well especially near the end. This song is just pure magic, I love it. The fourth track \\"Where Dark And Light Don't Differ\\" is an awesome thrash inspired number that just comes at you at full force without letting up, meanwhile the title track \\"At The Heart Of Winter\\" (which is my personal favorite off the album) begins with an emotionally beautiful, and atmospheric clean guitar and keyboard intro which lasts for a little over 2 minutes, and then at 2:07, the songs erupts into an unstoppable avalanche of catchy riffing, drumming, and commanding vocals. The intro in this song is without question one of the greatest intros I've ever heard in any metal song ever. And then finally on the epic album closer, \\"Years Of Silent Sorrow\\" has Immortal closing out this masterpiece on a go out fighting kind of note the only way the band can. Overall, this album is an A+ masterpiece, and one of the best Black Metal releases I've ever listened to. I definately recommend this masterpiece to any fan of Immortal, Black Metal, and Metal period...<br /><br />HORNS UP!!!awesome headbanging take no prisoners like riff around 5:18, and I also love the nice, catchy and atmospheric clean chord parts thrown in as well especially near the end. This song is just pure magic, I love it. The fourth track \\"Where Dark And Light Don't Differ\\" is an awesome thrash inspired number that just comes at you at full force without letting up, meanwhile the title track \\"At The Heart Of Winter\\" (which is my personal favorite off the album) begins with an emotionally beautiful, and atmospheric clean guitar and keyboard intro which lasts for a little over 2 minutes, and then at 2:07, the songs erupts into an unstoppable avalanche of catchy riffing, drumming, and commanding vocals. The intro in this song is without question one of the greatest intros I've ever heard in any metal song ever. And then finally on the epic album closer, \\"Years Of Silent Sorrow\\" has Immortal closing out this masterpiece on a go out fighting kind of note the only way the band can. Overall, this album is an A+ masterpiece, and one of the best Black Metal releases I've ever listened to. I definately recommend this masterpiece to any fan of Immortal, Black Metal, and Metal period...<br /><br />HORNS UP!!!
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|LOVED the Hunger Games but don't think the 2 sequels were quite as interesting or as tightly written as the first in the series..
B000ZN8036|5.0|i love this movie and especially enjoy all the extras that came with it for the price. i have keep watching and rewatching it all. the soundtrack also is nice.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I absolutely ADORE this book. The author wrote it in a way that you never know what is going to happen next, or even which character you're going to be reading about. There was a main storyline, with various sub-plots that were all tied together and interconnected. She also wrote it in a way that doesn't belittle your intelligence, but you don't have to be a genius to understand or follow. She gives vivid descriptions and extraordinary character development. I'm obsessed with this story. I even knit myself a Reveur scarf so I could be one of the fans of the circus. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone. I even bought a copy for my dad, and he read it in 3 days (he couldn't put it down either). Absolutely give this book a read. I've read it 3 times and each time I get something new out of it.
0545128285|3.0|for the price, i shouldn't have expected more. the book was terribly banged up but the pages were fine and i could read it.
B009WJ44KC|3.0|I have to admit that I bought this soundtrack without having seen the movie first. I figured: important movie + John Williams = a magnificent musical experience. On this one, I was wrong. Yes, the music is pleasant and definitely period influenced and authentic but the score as a whole never reaches the soaring heights of a Star Wars or E.T. or Jaws or Witches of Eastwick. I guess I would have to say it was a bit dull and definitely boring. Perhaps seeing the movie for me would help in enjoying some of the historical pieces more.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|i love this game then my mom asked to play now she loves it and so do I buy it dont waste ur money on onother lame game get flo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005PK56TA|5.0|Very engaging and hard to watch just one episode at a time.  Just cannot wait until season two is available.
B007A4SDCG|4.0|I recommend this book to an artist in the making. As well as anybody who would appreciate a different perspective on an artist's life. I liked the dedication to get the reader to understand an artist's point of view. This author also uses personal events to provide  his point which might reassure the reader that he's not just saying stuff! His brings up points and ideas that my mind would never even thought to observe or even process. Although some things really didn't make sense and to me were in a way irrelevant so it forced me to skip to the next part.
1592402038|5.0|You laugh, then read more closely, because there is so much to learn. Painless grammar with history and humor mixed in.
B00ANW33CM|5.0|It is the best Mahjong I have played yet. I would recomend it tom everyone. Trying to get my wife to play it,
B006RXQ3GO|2.0|Somehow it seemed so much better when it first came out. I found it dull this time. It may be a one trick pony.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good fun! Enjoy! I like to have a variety and there is a lot to keep you buisy. Great challenges!
1439102813|5.0|Required reading for book club.  Came in excellent condition on time as great price. Have not finished it yet but am glad I purchased it.
B008Y6WPXC|3.0|It was ok, but if you're into story lines probably best to look elsewhere. Found it interesting how they portrayed Jet Li's character - wonder how it would really play out in real life!
0307730697|5.0|Great book from a great company! This is a must have for your reading collection. Fearless is the perfect title for the book
0765325950|5.0|Having waited so long for the final book I was afraid I might be disappointed. Not with Mr. Sanderson finishing it just because ending are so often not all we wished for them to be. I loved this one! Bravo!
B005CRQ4GU|4.0|I love it it was funny but I hope they come out with another because I have read all the wimpy kid books
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|Oh my god!!! This book touched me sooo much from start to finish. I cried reading it, it was the most heart warming, heart breaking, loving, scary, emotional book i have ever read. This is my first Jodi Picoult book but definitely not my last. A tremendous talented person
B008RKGF1I|3.0|I chose this rating only because of the lack of experienced acting. The dancing was very good. I would like to sit and watch this with with my daughter, It is a true classic.
B000000YNY|5.0|This is a great album.  If you can get it on vinyl as I did, do so and relax to the incredible music of Bill Evans and his Trio.  This album is in my top 10 Jazz albums of all time.  Enjoy.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|It's funner than temple run and has more things than temple run like mines and zip lines and with gems you can save your life.  I totally recommended it.
B006R1T40I|4.0|Maybe I should dye my hair (what's left of it) if it gets me rocking out like Bonnie still can.  However, I must admit my favorite cut was her rendition of Dylan's song.
B00AKL1XPU|5.0|Sometimes glitches and won't work for a while......but it's very fun and I love  it thanks I appreciate it and look forward to a paid version with more ways to get peanuts
B00AG6Z92C|5.0|Simple gorgeous. Wife and I curled up by the fire and lsitened to the whole &#34;Special Edition (with 4 extra songs) twice!
125000568X|5.0|Great book. I recommend it to any Queen fan. I love Queen. It has cool stickers, posters, awsome photos and you can really feel Freddie when you read it.
B00A6D5GBE|5.0|You're not going to find too many games out there that are cuter than this one.  You're also not going to find too many that are as user friendly. This game is simple to learn with different degrees of difficulty (so all ages can play).<br /><br />In this whimsical dream world, you guide your sleepwalking Moonboy through a series of obstacles blocking his way to a good night's sleep in his comfy bed. There's a timer to keep you on your toes.  The music is charming and pleasant to listen to.<br /><br />The beginning levels have \\"hands\\" that show you how to manipulate things so you can move forward (which means you're not left scratching your head trying to figure out basic game play).  One feature that I like is that when you mess up, you are given the option to either start over at the beginning of the level you're on, or you can \\"revert.\\"  With the revert feature, you just pick right up where you last took a tumble.  Did you miss a bonus?  You can tap the clock at the bottom left of the screen and go back in time a few seconds (or more) so you can give it another go.<br /><br />Weighing in at about 60 MB of memory usage on the Kindle Fire HD, this game takes up a bit of space. It's well worth it though.<br /><br />The levels are not so difficult that you get easily frustrated, but also not so easy that you aren't challenged.  Also, this isn't a violent shoot'em up game so it's appropriate for all ages.<br /><br />Overall, this is an adorable game with lots of charm.  Lose yourself in this fanciful dream land in your quest for a good night's sleep.
1934030597|5.0|LZ probably needs to come out with yet another update to keep up with the industry, but this works very well for me and my needs.  I had the second edition and it's way out of date for recent bikes.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|Netflix doesn't have the second season of Downton Abbey, so I was pretty excited to find out that I could watch it free from Amazon Prime.  I still haven't finished season 2 - but I love this show!  Highly recommend Downton Abbey for anyone who enjoys period costumes and fabulous houses from a by-gone era.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I love this game it is so fun!!! I think everyone should get it!! Have a nice day!! Bye bye! ( I am just doing this for coins)
B00621ENT0|4.0|A good finish to a good series that was getting a bit long in the tooth. Some of it made no sense, but that's likely from the writers stretching the story for more seasons than expected.
B0099Y2YL6|4.0|Love the show so I continued my collection of DVDs. This one doesn't have the disks labeled with what episodes are in each disk. There isn't a paper with the information of the episode- number, title nor synopsis. Taking one star off because of this inconvenience.
B00AMBH70S|3.0|I didnt feel that the character had much depth. The character was fine but honestly I enjoyed Renner better in Mission Impossible 3. The beginning snow scenario was not all that exciting. In the scene where he saves the girl in the house things start to pick up, but then he goes to the Philippines and he's involved in the longest police chase in the world and the ending was pretty weak. (but I wont spoil it) Just not up to other Jason Bourne standards.
B008B9JSD2|5.0|I can't imagine how Mr. Moretti must be feeling right now. He makes this excellent movie about a pope-elect that has serious doubts about whether he is able to perform his duties and a couple of years later a sitting pope announces his resignation, the first in 600 years.<br />However, amazing as this movie's timing is, there are plenty of other good reasons to enjoy it, starting with Michel Piccoli's career-best performance. Nanni Moretti does his usual great work as actor and director.<br />As an atheist myself, I can say that no matter what religious beliefs you do or do not have, this movie can make you laugh, cry and think like very few others.
B00B5HQLMI|2.0|I'll preface my review that spoilers are not entirely intentional, but may occur. Read on with that in mind.<br /><br />This movie received a fair amount of critical praise. It's no surprise with critical darling Sam Mendes at the helm. Mendes immediately dives into the theme of the cost of \\"the game\\", and his approach is reasonably characteristic of the superficially insincere cynicism coloring the fading western world. Bond is contemptuously pasted into the movie as an aging, wooden relic reluctantly prodded back into action by an equally aging director mired in self-doubt. Though the opening of the movie hints at a possible struggle within Bond toward his profession, this is never really explored in him to any significant degree. Bond is almost an afterthought. When he finally comes face to face with his shadowy antagonist, Bond's complete lack of emotional depth and humor greatly lessens the impact of an excellent performance by Javier Bardem; perhaps the high point of the movie. Where Bond is wooden, Bardem is vital. The questions Bond never asks come through with humor, passion and rage in Bardem. Bardem's goal, however, is never defined enough to justify the performance. The movie is poorly written and the theme fizzles and dies.<br /><br />It's apparent the modern critical film body despises the Bond idea. It was created in a dark and unsure time, and represented an attitude willing to approach it all with a laugh and a wink. Our modern culture takes itself far too seriously to appreciate that sort of attitude, and this Bond reflects it well. What's left is an empty shell surrounded by mockery...scolding us for appreciating the levity the Bond figure once represented. The Bond name still makes a lot of money, so they keep rolling it out. I have to believe toward the start of the film, when Bond's death is limply suggested if we weren't seeing the true thrust of 'Skyfall'. The movie has nice production and some legitimately solid performances, however as a lifelong Bond fan, I can't recommend it at all. If the modern world wishes Bond dead, let him die. Make new heroes. You might discover why the old names continue to make so much money.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|I love this game. I would reccomend that when they shoe you your goals for some where you need to reach a certain quantity they should provide you with a number to show how far you have gone.
B00621E94E|3.0|Overall the 6 seasons of LOST were a good series that I enjoyed. On the other hand, this season, more than any other seemed like the writers were just filling time to stretch it out for one more year.
B008ASGP3U|5.0|I am a big fan of the 'John Rebus' series of novels by Ian Rankin. 'Standing in Another Man's Grave' is no disappointment.  It is a hard-hitting serial murder case that doesn't pull any punches. It's also about the return of John Rebus from the 'retired' category.  He hasn't changed and that's the good part! He is cantankerous and hard-drinking - - unforgiving to criminals and thumbs his nose to 'superior' authority.  The folks in Scotland should sleep better at night with John Rebus back on the hunt for villains!
B008NR90HQ|5.0|I've heard most tributes to Hendrix, a lot of good guitarists; However, you listen once and put Jimi back on. Gary Moore performs this tribute as no other could. Of course, they are my two favorite guitarists all time. I think Hendrix would have approved.
B0000700KQ|5.0|I know many people found this movie hard to follow, and so gave it a poor review, but what they don't understand is that this was exactly the reason so many others loved it. The film certainly doesn't take the viewer by the hand and lead them through step by step, instead it leaves things up to their own interpretation, making it necessary for their own neurons to participate in the process of creation, not unlike in an abstract painting.<br /><br />We see movies all the time with plot holes the size of mac trucks and silly premises, but this is not what we have here. Instead this is a very simple and common story told in a very unconventional way, with a skillful blurring of the lines between fantasy and reality, thereby letting our own minds make connections that might be unexpected. What more could you want from art or a film?<br /><br />Beyond this the acting is incredible, especially by Naomi Watts, who not only has to act, but also has to act like she is acting, which she does in one very memorable scene, which is just one of many scenes you won't easily forget.<br /><br />Final advice: Watch this movie as you would look at a piece of art. Let your mind go where it wants, without regard to whether it makes sense at the moment, and you might begin to understand the acclaim this film has received. Multiple viewings wouldn't hurt either.<br /><br />Cheers
B0068THAGY|2.0|This could have been a very entertaining family movie, but Steven Spielberg ruined it for me once again, just as he did with E.T. many years go, with his obsession with foul-mouthed-children characters (remember, in E.T., the insult \\"Penis breath!\\" shouted by a young boy in an otherwise family-friendly movie?). I know many will probably disagree, so flame away, but that's how Super 8 struck me. Every time the boy in charge of making the Super 8 movie opens his mouth, some variety of swearing comes out. Enough already!
B005CRQ4GU|3.0|I like this book because of the creativity Jeff Kinney used to portray the life of an insecure teen age middle-schooler
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I never knew there was more than just what was in the movie.  I found the trilogy to be a good read.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|predictive is great.  makes phone such a pleasure to use and a heck of a lot more efficient.  Fantastic!  Highly recommend.
B000UVT3OI|4.0|Since garth doesn't let people get his singles on mp3 or itunes, we decided to buy his full cd with most of his hits.  I don't regret it.  I love his songs and while i don't think its fair that people can't just buy his singles but i love most of his songs anyway.
B001U0HBQ0|1.0|This is a case of style over substance if I ever saw one, a movie that is all dressed up with no where to go. There is no point and no plot, but everything from the music to the dialog, asks us to suspend our critical thought, and take it on faith that it is as profound as it thinks it is. But then what could we expect from a movie based on nothing but a cute gimmick. \\"Hey let's have a guy who gets younger as life goes on\\". Everything that happens in this movie is predictable given this premise. For instance, of course he would meet a young girl, fall in love, and have a baby with her when their ages meet. This is in no way profound or interesting, it is just the most obvious gimmick to stack on top of the first one, and unfortunately how the movie would play out was obvious to me after only the first 10 minutes. The next two hours are just painful to watch, as the movie never deviates from the expected path, with no surprises and no depth, but still dripping with hollow emotional cues of false profundity, very much like those of a religious service. One star might be a little low but it is appropriate, given how overrated this movie is.
B00006879E|5.0|This is one of there best album.  It has many great songs and is done beautifully by the group!  Love it
B0041QSZJM|5.0|Wonderful group.  I'm happy they did a special album for the holiday season.<br />I'm hooked on Pink Martini. Unique renditions of old and new
B008RA3X5E|4.0|Volume is much better with the upgrade. The default alarm could easily be missed<br />Like the weather &amp; wind speed with the app
0316228532|1.0|What a bleak, dismal, cliche of ugliness.  Not one fresh, alive, or compelling character in this waste of a megabook.  Graceless, boring writing.  Presumptuous of Rowlings to impose a waste of reading (and living) time on those of us hooked on the originality of Harry Potter and curious about next efforts.  A shorter bomb would have been kinder to and more respectful of readers.
B00B2G2RG6|4.0|Good show.  I'm hooked.  Will have to buy episodes I miss in the future.  Lots of psychological action and drama/
B004SIP84S|2.0|This movie can best be summed up by the very first scene in which the main character is wandering through a book store, spots a book entitled \\"The Road to Reality\\", looks at it, laughs, and says \\"Don't want to go there\\". Yes it might be funny if this attitude was not so utterly common and so deeply connected with almost every major issue facing the planet today.<br /><br />But still maybe a good movie could be made on such a premise, but alas, More than half the movie consists of the very annoying main character, either chatting inanely with her friends, or turning every single comment by anyone else, into a joke which only she could possibly find funny.<br /><br />Yet there seem to be many reviewers here who somehow think that she is inspiring and her attitude something to aspire to, but I would argue that maybe they are confusing the strained positivity of ignorance, with the peace of mind that comes with wisdom, yet they are at opposite ends of the spectrum.<br /><br />Anyway save your time unless it is indeed your goal to be an always positive airhead.
B00BCOQSSQ|5.0|Roy Huff is a new face on the scene. As a storyteller, he is to be admired. Everville is complete fantasy, reminding one occasionally of The Hobbit. It is basically a struggle between good and evil. As such, Huff gives us a world  that is neither all one or all the other. And while Mr. Huff may not have the polish of a Tolkien, he is nonetheless a very capable storyteller.<br />I am not ordinarily a fan of this genre but I must say, in the interest of full disclosure, that Mr. Huff asked me to read and review his novel. But know this: were it complete trash I wouldn't hesitate to say so. I felt it was very good. It certainly deserves to be read by those who love fantasy. Within this context it is readable and enjoyable.
B005M5OSBK|5.0|pleased, pleased, pleased, pleased, pleased, pleased.<br />This is ridiculous.  I don't know why I have to waster my time writing &#34;enough words.&#34;
B006MW3V6U|5.0|I started watching Season 1 on Netflix. They don't have Season 2 - but Amazon does! So now I'm through Season 2 and onto Season 3 which I've been recording with my DVR. The Instant Video app from Amazon is awesome. And this show is one of the best, well done, impecabbly acted shows around. Maggie Smith is a hoot in this. She totally cracks me up. Such a good show!
B00B0LPYXG|2.0|The plot device, that a staggeringly intoxicated man can perform some outstanding feats in an emergency, doesn't do much to move the plot beyond the first few scenes. It poses the question, can he do the right thing?  Well, he's seriously endangered people's lives on the road and in the air for years, but so long as he gets clean, that's what's important right? So the main character concludes at the end of the film. The main character is intensely alcoholic. And where can this film go? Either he fesses up at the end or he doesn't. This is Hollywood; he does. Of course, due in no small part to the chronic alcohol and cocaine abuse, the character doesn't have much left to lose by the time he confesses but maybe we are meant sympathize with his realization of just what a moral crud he has been. So after the first few scenes the movie, limps towards its obvious conclusion. Washington does a decent job of appearing like an alcoholic that maintains rather well at very high blood alcohol levels -- thanks in part, supposedly, to prodigious applications of cocaine.<br /><br />If you like Washington, you might enjoy the film. But for many, it will be a bit of a slog. Ray Milland's \\"Lost Weekend\\" wasn't any more accurate but it was more involving.
B008MEM24S|4.0|My grandkids love this app.  Some levels are too difficult for them,  we just skip the tough ones though. They like it.
B0002DB52M|1.0|Simplistic, contrived, self indulgent and takes much to long to make it's point.<br /><br />Whatever that point happens to be?<br /><br />Is it that only in America, do small town ignorant people sometimes treat others in the same way they are treated by those more powerful than themselves? Well where on Earth is this not the case? Power can corrupt, and those without any can be overzealous when they taste some for themselves.It should not be a surprise to anyone that, yes, this is a part of our shared human nature, but it has been more cleverly and convincingly and more evenhandedly demonstrated in any number of 1/2 hour twilight zone episodes, than it was in this 3 hour stage play, so disconnected from the reality it is trying to portray.<br /><br />Is it that all people are bad? This is certainly true, but this is only like describing the taste of a grape in terms of it's skin, while completely ignoring its more appealing parts, Humanity is much more complex than this film seems to understand, and the film is an insult to the intelligence to anyone who has given real thought to the good and bad of human nature, where it comes from, and how and when it's complexity is expressed.<br /><br />And what is the point of having it staged? Any message can be more effectively communicated using the full weight of the medium involved. Would it ever truly make sense to make a film using no sound at all, or using only a series of snap shots? Apparently there are many here who might be fooled into applauding such a film for it's originality, when the only real effect such limitations have, is to simplify and limit any originality that could have been possible given no such constraints..<br /><br />In closing this was a long slog through the mud that will only serve to further confuse people who have never had the time to think very deeply on human nature. It is very much like the blind trying to lead the blind, and so perhaps it is fitting that the experience of the average viewer of this film would not be much different from the blind man, who could only listen to it. Not only a waste of bandwidth and creative potential, but of your time as well.ewer of this film would not be much different from the blind man, who could only listen to it. Not only a waste of bandwidth and creative potential, but of your time as well.
B008TMA1LY|4.0|Game is great for the whole family. It is hard to walk away from once u start playing. Many levels to play.
B0000714BP|5.0|If you like gay movies, this is fun. To see these men in drag is priceless! Look, it may not be oscar worthy but its fun!
B007REV4YI|5.0|In this reviewer's not so humble opinion, a movie marketing campaign finally delivered as advertised! THIS IS THE BEST BOND MOVIE EVER!!! Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed Sean Connery, the original Bond, in all of his Bond glory, and recurring resurrections of the 007 character, but I always had a problem with the way the previous Bonds had no problem or reflection in killing people, no remorse, they could plug a bad guy one minute and then crack a joke the very next scene. If James Bond existed, he'd be haunted by the lives he's taken. He'd struggle everyday with the lawful transgressions he committed in the name of country; unable to completely come too terms with what he's done, but always understanding that it was for the greater good, civic virtue if you will. Daniel Craig embodies that type of \\"realistic\\" Bond. Haunted by his actions facing the consequences of his decisions wether he was justified or not.<br /><br />Director Sam Mendes has done a fantastic job with the imagery captured in the film. The cinematography is top notch, breathtaking in some instances, i.e. the Shanghai sequences. When you really get down to what makes a great film, it's the resonant images that linger with you and ultimately comprise your memories of the film. Skyfall gives you some very creative and striking memories to say the least! Mendes also does a great job with the pacing of the film scene by scene. In previous Bond entries I believe directors were easily swept away by the action mechanisms that are inherent in films like this, and get carried away with the speed of the content, force feeding the audience a traditional ho-hum action movie as oppose to taking their time and letting the story devlop into something special via witty dialogue and atmospheric scenery mixed in with technically sound action sequences. Mendes weaves all aspects together seamlessly, creating the most memorably Bond experience I've ever had. A beautiful Bond Quilt if you will.<br /><br />Performance wise, Daniel Craig continues his top notch acting as a darker version of Bond; facial expressions that relay emotions that words would never communicate on camera are scattered throughout the film along with his distinctively, dry charm. Ultmately, Javier Bardem steals the show though. A villain you fear, at the same time find humorous, all the while rooting against him eventhough you understand where he's coming from. I have no other words to describe Bardem's performance except \\"RIVETING\\". Tell me that I'm wrong on this and I\\"ll call ya a liar! Behind your back of course, never to your face.<br /><br />All in all, the most outstanding Bond ever made, and a film that should've absolutly been nominated for Best Picture! We agree on that Roger Moore!rmance wise, Daniel Craig continues his top notch acting as a darker version of Bond; facial expressions that relay emotions that words would never communicate on camera are scattered throughout the film along with his distinctively, dry charm. Ultmately, Javier Bardem steals the show though. A villain you fear, at the same time find humorous, all the while rooting against him eventhough you understand where he's coming from. I have no other words to describe Bardem's performance except \\"RIVETING\\". Tell me that I'm wrong on this and I\\"ll call ya a liar! Behind your back of course, never to your face.<br /><br />All in all, the most outstanding Bond ever made, and a film that should've absolutly been nominated for Best Picture! We agree on that Roger Moore!
1451673442|5.0|great packaging. best condition. I love it indeed. I bought 3 books for our friends.<br />I will recommend more people to budy this book.
B003JTHXOK|4.0|I enjoyed it but reminded lots of sleeping with the enemy. Love Nicholas Sparks books! Of course I always want more, but I felt that the storylines were wrapped up. Can not wait for the movie.
B004ZISVWC|2.0|It somehow doesn't seem original, so many flicks have been produced in this style, the visual effects were on a par with the old godzilla movies.
B0095ZMMCK|4.0|After many years resting on his laurels, publishing forgettable co-authored works, Tom Clancy is back, and back in shape! Threat Vector is a compelling read, and my Kindle barely rested until the book was finished! For those of you longing for the good, old Tom Clancy, long no more, he is back!
B00B2V66VS|2.0|This app worked on my Kindle Fire for about 4 days, then suddenly stopped. It would not load at all.  Big disappointment!
B0070Y46UY|5.0|This book is about the sole human survivor of a sunken ship. He spends 227 days on a lifeboat with a bengal tiger. A great adventure story.
B001ER4CNY|5.0|Got this for my friend for Christmas he enjoyed never watched it before until he had it on one day pretty funny spent like 50 bucks compared to SAMs 100 bucks great stuff here
B009YU62H2|4.0|There's a couple sh*tty song here, balanced out by some gems, but that's like every Soundgarden album.
B008AK8FHM|5.0|Dr. Alexander does a fantastic job of explaining to laymen how his experiences constitute biological \\"proof\\" of a higher spiritual plane. As someone who is not Christian, I highly respect and appreciate his religion-neutral approach.
B007VUCAVO|5.0|For tablets this thing is the best thing since bottled beer.  It gathers up what it needs and tells you everything you every wanted to know about the power status of your device.  I installed it on my new 8.9 HD Kindle fire with no problems.  My only regret is that I cannot put it on my  laptop.  I think this thing would be a best seller if it would marry up with windows 8 on  a laptop.
B008YRVW0I|4.0|my mom &amp; nephew got my son &amp; I hooked on this game via wild tangent but I didn't want to download it to my PC... now my husband, son &amp; I play on the Kindle
0091947561|5.0|Ya todos nos hemos dado cuenta que el mundo camina a pasos agigantados, el mundo digital est abarcando todo lo que nos podemos imaginar por eso este libro es 100% recomendado, aprende las leyes de un mundo que se est convirtiendo en digital.
B003O86FMW|5.0|If I could I'd give this book 23413468008653467809643567887654444 stars but they wouldn't let me so I'll go with 5 anyway I've read this book over 9 times and I can't stop even now I just wish she would write more
B008MG1E4A|4.0|good book, definitely a page turner. I'm a little skeptical that the government ha no idea this was coming out. the books ,the movies I think the media attention devoted to our special warriors is really intended to be a recruiting tool.
B0000C9ZBW|5.0|Smooth, thin, contemporary, not to large for my wrist. Just as advertised. Why are 8 more words required? This site is a waste of my time!
B000244FDW|1.0|This was sent to me for my wife as a gift from Chistmas. She wants to watch it now and it is scratched! I bought this NEW! Why is it scratched?
B00B2V66VS|4.0|it had little glitches in the start and brought mild frustration but now that it is updated it is an amazingly additive game.
B0018BF1KY|5.0|Rory just never got the following he should have in the states.  I had 2 of his vinyls in the 70's and kinda lost the brain cells attached to his great ax work.  Got back into him on DVD albums in the mid 2000's and now adding more and more of him to my CD collection.  Now my 22 year old son jammin' to him.  Pass it on - great album from great artist.
B007FEZQF8|5.0|Never read a comic book in my life..very surprised that I was just as engaged in this as a riveting novel..also satisfies my infatuation with blood thirsty zombies
B008M721MS|4.0|The best app<br /><br />This app is  great I love it now I can talk with friends worldwide thank you kendle
B007J4T2G8|3.0|I didn't care for the ending! I thought why did I sit here with this book when there are better choices. After reading on and on of the same intense drama, I expected a happier ending but am forcing myself to begin the 2nd of the trilogy to see if Christian gets straightened out! Good gracious, he is wacko!
8866130923|3.0|Today I get my new moleskine notebook. Thank you!  But I have little problem with the quality...  [...]  [...]  It's not too nice seeing something like that realy, because I was waiting for my notebook 3 weeks...  the most interesting thing, there is QUALITY CONTROL CODE - E00233T.  Can't understand, if you have a quality control and mark about this why your good is not conform.
B00003CXAT|5.0|Played like brand new and  great price. Excellent way to get movies that we love and have on vhs on dvd.
B000VLOKQI|5.0|Gift for my 22 year old who has found the Who.  He totally loves this and a couple other who video's I got him for Christmas.  If you are a Who fan - this is a must.
030726999X|5.0|This is a great story I have reread many parts of this book multiple times.  there are mutiple story line and a large number of characters so make sure you go carefully so as to understand all that is happening in the book.
B005CRQ4GU|5.0|This is a really good book and i recommend it to kids from the age of 10 to about 15.
B0079R8KO0|5.0|It works well...just like I hoped! Looks sleek and opens and closes easily and allows me to read in bed without glare.
B0035YTG30|4.0|I watched this before going to Rome on vacation. A good view of some of the attractions that I visited.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Played like brand new and  great price. Excellent way to get movies that we love and have on vhs on dvd.
B004NDVK1I|5.0|I got this as a gift for my brother-in-law, spreading the word on how great Rory is.  I didn't have a copy for myself.  Now on my wish list - VERY GOOD album and a must for guitar lovers.
B0072GPQNG|5.0|This movie was great!  Actors were great, scenery was great. Even though it had a great ending, I cried through nearly the whole movie...  I am a horse person, so I was immediately drawn in!!!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I love this game because,see it is the first game of time that I bought out of all of the games I have for my kindle fire
B002MQYOFW|4.0|The hunger games is thrilling and tragic book. But for one thing I can't wait to read Catching Fire. Four words. This book is awesome!!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I really recommend this game to anyone who likes to play any game that involves getting chased by someone or something.This game is really fun to play because it makes you want to keep on playing it over and over again.If You want to purchase this item then you are making the right choice.
B00003CXB6|5.0|This dvd played as if it were brand new and the price was excellent. Great way to get movies that we love on dvd.
B009EHDU7U|4.0|This is the story of Allan Karlsson who is turning 100 and doesn't want to attend his party in the nursing home, so he steps out the window.  His adventure starts when he makes his way to the bus station and after a waiting passenger asks him to mind his suitcase while he goes to the toilet.  AA.  bus arrives and he gets on taking the suitcase with him., and the story rolls on from there.<br /><br />Each encounter he has with people are entertaining and you're not sure if he is telling the truth about people he has met<br />in his lifetime and the places he has been .  I found it most entertaining and very different.  A really entertaining read.
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|I've seen other people play this game and never got the appeal, little did I know that it would become one of the most played games on my kindle fire hd. I love it, and I keep coming back for more<br /> Download, you won't regret it.
B00881VLCE|5.0|This game us amazing. You can play  puzzles on the go. There are tons of puzzles that are  free for download. Also, no list pieces.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Subway suffers is an edge of ur seat game. It is so much fun. GET SUBWAY SURFERS NNNNOOOOWWWW<br />I can not even describe it anymore. You know you want it.
B001D09OAI|5.0|I had not seen this movie in a super long time and when it was offered for free on Amazon Prime I snapped it right up. Sit down and enjoy this movie and try and remember what you were doing the first time you watched it!!
B00AREIAI8|5.0|awesome game just downloaded it and I cant stop playing every one who enjoys games or loves horses should download this game its worth every penny o ya and did I mention its only 0.00 ahaha
B00B47NO2O|3.0|I hate to say it because Kevin Bacon is such a skilled actor, but... I'm disappointed. Most murder movies are unrealistic in that real serial killers, albeit horrible, are not interesting enough to make good movies about. So of course fictional films and series have to be colorfully inventive. BUT: This particular plot is quite unrealistic and even after two episodes I started to get bored. And after three (you might ask why I keep watching!), it really is quite predictable. The villain himself has warned Kevin Bacon that he has quite a bit in store for him, and the viewers have already been startled by \\"trustworthy\\" people who turned out to be evil cult members. I am already predicting who will turn out to be part of the cult, and expecting someone to jump out of the closet at any moment. I have continued to watch it out of curiosity, but I don't think I will make it to the end of the series. I gave it three stars because the acting is good.
B004EERGHS|5.0|Robert Redford and Paul Newman are quite the combo in this film, highly recommended for anyone who likes westerns with a good dose of witty writing and a buddy story at the heart of it all.
B009YP9L7U|4.0|Waking Up Married was a good book to curl up with a big snow storm going on outside &a fire in the fireplace.
B001UTW7QU|5.0|This really opens your eyes on what could be going on in out government evil things going on for a long time..
B007IK44CK|5.0|It's good quality with clear sound.  I saw it more than once and old, but still like it.  Thank you.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This book which is a great sequel to the Hunger Games goes deeper than I originally thought. It shows a connection to our  past with the Industrial revolution and how greed can make people become monsters just like the numerous one's  mentioned in both books!!
B00797MB0O|3.0|It is not a terrible movie.  I thought it was going to be more humorous. It was mostly just very sad. Patton Oswalt was great.
B000QCS8TW|4.0|If you watched the series, this gives you much better detail into the characters and situations.  Looking forward to the next book.
B008XBCJ34|5.0|Great story, great cinematography, and 3D. What more could anyone ask for? This was the second digital 3D movie I saw in the movie theater, and exceeded all expectations. Good job on the Blu-Ray 3D disk.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|Excellent quality of HD version. Amazing collection of movies & TV shows. They should add more international & foreign language movies to their collection.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I've been listening to this CD in my car over and over.  I absolutely love Adele's voice and what she sings about.  Great CD, great price.
B004LROOUK|2.0|This guide book is totally impractical and does not provide itineraries or  rank any \\"must sees\\" but is bloated with way too much detail on things like the layouts of specific shrines in Japan or describing tiny commuter towns that it then admits are uninteresting with museums that are \\"not worth the cost of admission\\" (a phrase repeated many times in this book!). The signal to noise ratio is so low that this is an almost entirely unusable resource to help you make any real plans before a departure. It is hard for me to distinguish which are the minor sights from the major historical or cultural centers, and I find my self relying CONSTANTLY to various web resources for more information.<br /><br />A good guidebook should give you background and provide suggestions for off-the-beaten-path places that are surprising and wonderful, but it should also be trustworthy and GUIDE you with a curated selection of where to go. Really, I didn't want a phone book, I wanted a resource to use when I decide to be my own personal tour guide on a trip halfway around the world. And mine was a very different experience than the previous reviewer who was relieved that this guide didn't reek of ego: I haven't even left for the trip yet, and I'm already tired of the company of this boring self-impressed windbag of a book.<br /><br />All of this is compounded by the Kindle format, which is truly terrible. The maps, of course, are tiny, which I expected, but the lack of real organization in terms of the sections leave you mired in endless description. A quick downloaded sample of the Lonely Planet Guide to Japan really illustrates the VAST difference in terms of the functionality of the layout for an ereader. I've previously told myself that every time I don't by a Lonely Planet guide I regret it, and the case is true here too.<br /><br />The only (ONLY!) reason this book gets an extra star from me is because the listings of restaurants and lodgings are exhaustive. Not that I've actually used them much...because I tend to want to set my sight-seeing itinerary first.<br /><br />I wish I could return this book.
B00181JGI2|5.0|this movie entertained me a bit when i was a silly teenager, drinking and having no responsibilities, and i had largely forgotten it. now there is a bunch of hype around it with mixing it with taoism and zen.<br /><br />so i re watched it and was enthralled. the dude's attitude toward life, his ability to let go of things and remain cool is inspiring. something i couldn't see when i was young. to be an adult and maintain his attitude on life is a really amazing feat! i'm now a drug and alcohol free devout buddhist and i saw a whole different film! i have lots of responsibilities and am always trying to focus on the dhamma to keep my mind free but i was too uptight with my overall attitude, watching this movie inspired me to relax a lot more.<br /><br />do i agree that the dude is a zen master? um... no, i do not. he smokes pot and drinks alcohol all day, lies, and speaks harshly.<br />i suppose the dude could be the 70's definition of a hippie zen master though he is not a zen master in the classical sense.<br /><br />could he be a taoist master? sure, why not, that is an extremely vague concept so pinning it down is nearly impossible. read the tao te ching and some chuang tzu. they're all over the place! the dude could fit right in a story from the chuang tzu no problem!<br /><br />however are there zen elements in the film? definitely! the whole attitude of just letting everything go is very zen. especially of not taking things personally, being neutral and non violent, living in the moment and not over thinking things. i mean they are in a heap of trouble and decide to go bowling! that's very zen lol!<br /><br />very great film. i'm picking up the new book from the library today. \\"the dude and the zen master\\" jeff bridges and bernie glassman. after reading an interview i now think jeff is probably a really cool guy in real life and this bernie glassman guy sounds like a class act, a real example of zen! both are people i would like to learn more about.
B008M721MS|5.0|conflicting reports on this site are the best way to get the best way to get them do you think of the world is a great deal to get the best way to get them do you think of the best possible freelance programming languages are the most popular has to be a little too much more than a year and the most important thing in common with an eye out for you to get a great deal of time and effort in the world and effort in the world is going to be a great way of life for a little more information and effort in the best possible price for a great deal of the world and effort in the the world and the best way to world is a little too many of the best way to get the best way to get the best way to get them out of
B009BJAPLK|5.0|The BEST reinvention of Sherlock Holmes ever.  I am a huge Sherlock Holmes buff and generally enjoy the thousands of spin offs and one-offs of Doyle's work - but this series sets the bar.  Great stories, great acting, great modernization.
B008X9Z37A|1.0|Not a good item.  Does not have a hand strap to hold when reading also does not standup.  I ordered a MoKo, which is much better.  The Belkin is in a drawer.
B00AQ3K8IU|4.0|I did get wrapped up in this book and had a hard time putting it down.  There are some interesting turn of events that occur.  I do recommend it.
B009ZQC7MY|5.0|This show has it all - suspense, lies, murder, heartbreak, love, and friendship - without all the rest of the ugly junk that is in the rest of the current tv series.  A BIG &#34;Thank You&#34; to the British...
B00A6D5GBE|5.0|Those game is fantastic. At first, it stars out really simple then it slowly gets pretty difficult.  Surprisingly, I really loved it. The game is very well made and very visually pleasing. :)
B002MQYOFW|1.0|I ordered this book because my granddaughter loves the story, has read all the books and has the one video they have released so far. It just isn't my taste.
B000VZYPB4|5.0|Finally a comedy that provides food for thought! This DVD also has a few extras at the end. Should be a big hit for college grads & faculty.
B004UHF51S|5.0|I have always liked Michael Franks, this may be one of the best cd's he has done.  I heard &#34;Summer in New York&#34; on the music channel and decided to buy the CD.<br /><br />I love it.<br /><br />Lois
1616550414|5.0|A must have for any true Zelda fan!! Havent even gone through half of it yet, and already love it!
B00AREIAI8|5.0|I love my horse so much and I love this game. Keep up the good work!:)<br />If it just &quot;thinkin&quot; about getting this game just go ahead and get it!
B000JMKQX0|4.0|Good story examining the war from multiple points of view.  It would be interesting to get scientific basis for the how or why of a zombie virus, but it is a good engaging story that is hard yo put down.
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|Absolutely loved this book.  McKenna' s ability to describe the most mundane objects and actions from a unique perspective had me rereading phrases or sentences over and over just to savor them.  Could hardly put it down.
B009IF8CH6|5.0|This is our current comedy favorite. The show moves along at a brisk clip. It has boldly added new cast members and has great guest stars. Hope they continue for many more seasons.
B00A6D5GBE|4.0|This is another good looking and fun game by this developer. I think I own every game this developer has put out. Nice looking and overall good game for mobile devices. I would also recommend looking into the other games this developer has anx trying them.
B004SDSSFY|1.0|I bought the full version of this ap so I could edit Excel documents from my Kindle. While the ap says you can do this, I can't even figure out how to select a cell to get started. I have my husband try as well. We both worked on it for an hour. If this ap does work, it isn't user friendly enough to use. A complete waste of $14.99. Do not buy it.
B00AZL3PBK|5.0|this game is so much fun and really a exersise for your fingers its so fun I love payting it
B001UGB1X8|4.0|because I liked it really well<br />all of the action on the building<br />anyone who likes suspense and action<br />and danger
B007GCY8FS|5.0|Picked this up waiting for more books from Vince Flynn or John Sandford.<br />Then I read it so fast I picked up a couple of more.  Happy,happy.
B002P79KAC|5.0|We enjoy this series very much and will buy each season's DVD. We like that the shows are done in front of a live audience. This gives the show a fresh and peppy quality.
1400069289|5.0|We are all creatures of habit, that is a good thing, unless those habits are bad habits and controlling our lives.<br />Do you know you can MAKE A DIFFERENCE?  Have you formed a habit of having hope or discouragement?<br />Do you have good or bad eating habits?  Do you have the habit of success or failure?  Failure is not failure if you have formed the habit of when it happens realize it is only an opportunity to get it correct the second time?<br />Yes, habits control you if you, so it is best to practice good habits.
B00947N6D8|5.0|We took our 5 year old grandson to see this movie during our Christmas visit.  Such a wonderful evening.  The DVD will be out just before Easter so we will be able to gift it and watch it again.  Can't wait!
B008JGSM6G|5.0|Great time killer. Very challenging. Love the free level upgrades. Play it on the bus, train, or on the plane.
0307474259|4.0|A little cousin to the landmark &#34;Good Calories Bad Calories&#34; reference book on how the diet and nutrition industry is literally backwards in telling us &#34;eat less and exercise more&#34;. Be smarter about which foods fill your hunger and the fat will melt away.<br />Gary Taubes explains WHY this is so and HOW it happens in your body, but not much WHAT should you eat or not eat.  This book provides the conclusions but not much of the background data and reads more like Fox News.  It probably won't convince you but you _will_ learn some useful ideas.
B001UTW7QU|2.0|Good casting except one lady. Being a Scully/ Molder fan -I wish main characters were like them. Seems like there is a lot of overacting in this series.
B004W1GCNC|5.0|I love it. I can barely remember the original but this one has me invested in the characters. I finding myself wanting more background of each cast member. The Nazi influence on the upstairs members has me intrigued. Good? Evil? Or just plain ignorant? I'll have to wait and see. Well worth watching.
B0044C5SCU|5.0|Super good series. Exciting, may be slow at random times, but picks up with a whole new twist almost every episode. Hard to stop watching!
B004GHNIRK|5.0|Victor Hugo's use of English is first class, and the story is simply compelling. Downside to the story of course is all the historical padding which makes the book over 1000 pages long, and over 12 months to read. I will certainly read it again without the focus on the historical padding, and then again with some research into the historical padding. Great insight into the battle of Waterloo, needs further study!
B007SGLZP8|4.0|It`s been a while since I`ve enjoyed a John Grisham novel. His early works were great, but then they began to seem a bit formula driven and repetitive. There were few surprises and few of his books I`d recommend. The Racketeer was interesting, suspenseful and had enough surprises to keep me reading. It`s not one of the classics, but a great light read and escape from reality. Enjoy!
B004EPYZUI|2.0|I did not really care for this movie and would suggest doing a lot of research prior to purchase. I did not care for the way women were treated in this movie.
B004I8WD7S|2.0|Hi,<br /><br />This product wasnt too useful for me in the end because i saw another type of holster right after i purchased this one and it was more to my likings than this one. but the product itself was really not bad.
B00APJLFEG|1.0|Really stale humor throughout, stale animation, stale or dated jokes. Stale humor in the form of dated thinking that you probably don't want your kids to see. There are so many other beautiful inspiring animated movies out there. Ones with actual themes for children to enjoy and learn from. This is just basal slapstick, crass jokes. A complete waste of time. Irritating. Was not even worth the $3.99 paid for instant rental.
B000002GK1|5.0|Finally got around to replacing this CD that was stolen over 15 years ago.  It holds up remarkably well and speaks of the band's prowess.
B0070ZLZ1G|5.0|How Children Succeed is a well researched book that synthesizes some very interesting studies on learning and development as well as examines many of misconceptions behind success and failure. The writing style is compelling and accessible. It's a must read for parents and university students, as well as for educators of all strips and anyone wanting to know a little bit more about character development.
B00ATDOVNK|4.0|This game was entertaining, with unexpected twists. But, like most  G5 games, it was a lot of back and forth to retrieve one object, which gets old quickly. My 10 year old son enjoyed it.
B0096BIENY|5.0|What voices. Got this for my mom and even the grandkids enjoyed listening to their beautiful voices. Would recommend purchase.
B009FZHYKU|5.0|This has to be one of the very best series I have ever watched.  Gripping, riveting, great writing.  Not just another zombie movie or show.
B007R108WA|4.0|Wow, this man got away with murder for a long time. He was insane. A interesting story. I don't know if I would recommend this film, because of all the murders
B005C0DHEY|4.0|Found it to be informative having known very little about the topic. Did give me some information that I was looking to get out of the movie.
1475143389|5.0|I purchased this book because I enjoyed reading muscle myths and thought even though my goal is to be huge freak bodybuilder size some day (which i don't think is really the aim of his fitness program) that the fundamentals in this book were great tools to help get me going. The reason I have recommended this book to other friends of mine and even purchased thinner leaner stronger for my girlfriend is due not just to the ease of reading and good advice, its because I was really impressed to find that Michael takes the time to respond to every review he gets on his books. To me that's a big deal and says a lot about how much he backs his books and how much he cares about listening to feedback so he can improve future books. Would definitely recommend this to anyone having trouble sifting through the endless pile of broscience do's and donts out there.
0425263908|4.0|Loved it!  It was the passion and discovery of 50 Shades, without the pain.  The characters are equals, so it makes the relationship more fun.
B0097GVJWQ|5.0|Engaging, challenging but not enough to be frustrating. Wonderful graphics and quick hint recovery. I am thouroughly enjoying this game!
B001R4MEUM|4.0|That honor would go to Selling England By The Pound.  The lamb is at times brilliant and frustrating.  It is an album that has just a little to much filler to be considered a classic.  When it works however,  watch out.  This is an extremely tight and seasoned band at the height of their prowess.  The lyrical content for the most part is GENIUS!  Genesis were way ahead of other bands of the era as far as technical skill and song writing abilities go.  This is music that actually makes you think.  There is a great album in here somewhere.  I feel the band just over reached themselves a little to much.  The story is pretty hard to follow leaving the listener uninterested in the original concept of what The Lamb is supposed to be about.  Many songs here work quite well individualy.  Fly On The Windshield/Broadway Of 1974 is an absolute masterpiece.  Going back to the song writing, this is prime Genesis at their quirky best.  That drum beat 'ala Led Zeppelin When The Levee Breaks is killer!  In The Cage sounds like a battalion of soldiers approaching the way Banks plays the mellotron.  The Carpet Crawlers and Chamber Of 37 Doors are still as hauntingly beautiful as ever.  Lilywhite Lillith is a phenomonal rocker that could have been a single.  I love Tony's classical piano playing on the track Anyway.  The Light Dies Down On Broadway is a beautiful number that is superior to the album track The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway.  These are the many moments of this album that I love.  I wont go into to everything I think is less than great or outright bad to save your and my time.  I just feel that this is not the album someone new to the band should hear first in the classic Genesis lineup.
0763644765|3.0|Not my favorite book. I think Yummy Yucky and BiG Little by the same author are great, but I am not so impressed with this book and would not buy again.
B00AREIAI8|4.0|Is complicated and a little slow at times. CLEAR graphics though<br />Not a bad way to waste time if you're a little bored.
B00ANW33CM|4.0|For a free download it was fun  and I played it for hours.  I will let my Grandchildren play it also.
1469220660|4.0|The second book does not disappoint!  The sex is still steamy, but the unfolding of the relationships and personal issues is great! I like reading a book that surprises me.  I can't WAIT for #3!
B006MW3UZW|5.0|There is nothing on TV that matches the quality of writting and acting of Downton Abbey.  This is a quality production that if you are not careful will quickly capture your imagination and have you looking for the date of the next episode.
B007LNJ4YW|5.0|Been listening to this album since I bought it last week and I love it.<br /><br />Don't know if this is technically what you'd call \\"dream pop\\" as that's more of a label given to 80s bands like Cocteau Twins and other reverb & chorus soaked stuff of the era, but this would fit right in, in my opinion. Victoria's vocals are kind of husky and the reverb on them makes her sound quite ghostly, and that fits well with the rest of the music which gently pulses along over a bass drum/tamborine backbeat (reminds me of some songs by The Chameleons such as Second Skin, but gentler) and guitar/synth arpeggios, with the occasional cymbal washes. The whole thing is lovely, if a little formulaic, and a bit spooky sounding. The use of Casio keyboard gives me childhood nostalgia as is no doubt intended. All the songs are similar in tone, some a bit slower and others a medium pace, but if you dig one song then you'll probably like the whole thing and vice-versa.<br /><br />The best tracks on the album in my opinion are Lazuli and New Year. I really like the way Lazuli drops the bass and part of the rhythm half way through, focuses on the arpeggio, introduces another one and then builds back up again, really adds to the song when there are varying dynamics like that. There's a couple of filler tracks like Other People and Troublemaker but on the whole I find this album very enjoyable. Definitely the best album I have heard last year.
B002HJ9PTO|3.0|Audio-Technica ATR-3350 Lavalier Omnidirectional Condenser Microphone<br /><br />I purchased this omni lav mic for recording engine and exhaust sounds on my motorcycle and cars to mix into my post-production GoPro footage. I used a bunch of Pelican case pick-and-pluck foam to reduce the wind noise (which worked), but I find that the ATR-3350 attenuates the input levels just a tad compared to the built-in mics on the GoPro and my Olympus WS-801 recorder. At first I thought that it was just attenuation, but the ATR-3350 just sounds extremely muffled. The sounds it records are great in the low-frequency range but anything in the mid to high range is muffled.<br /><br />I purchased it for the frequency response. It picks up as low as 50 Hz, and admittedly the WS-801 can go down as low as 40 Hz. I'm interested in the lower frequencies because of my intended application for engine and exhaust sounds. The resulting sound recording was astounding because with good quality woofers and speakers, I could almost \\"feel\\" the vibrations from the Ducati's V-Twin pulses without any saturation or crackling.<br /><br />I admit the battery on the ATR-3350 was a mystery had I not read previous reviews on Amazon. There are no instructions to indicate where the battery is mounted. The battery is a LR44 coin-cell battery that is commonly found and inexpensive.<br /><br />I found that the built-in stereo microphone in my Sony AS-10 Action Cam inside the sealed waterproof case was far better than the ATR-3350. I couldn't do anything with the low quality audio recording from the ATR-3350. I'd recommend the ATR-3350 for voice only as it was probably intended.<br /><br />Overall: 3/5 stars, great price, good audio quality for voice in a quiet environment, lack of instructions which makes the battery installation a bit confusing at first
B005FPT51K|1.0|Our first experience with the iBaby camera was with an older 801.11b/g/n router. After following the instructions to the letter and much twiddling with the setup the camera did work briefly. But it kept losing connection with the older wireless router, so back to the store it went.<br /><br />Then we bought a newer dual-band 801.11b/g/n router that has terrific range/connectivity. We DOUBLED DOWN on the iBaby camera, purchasing two units, thinking, &#34;the problem must have been with the old router.&#34;<br /><br />WRONG. WRONG. No connectivity AT ALL this time, with either camera, under any circumstances.<br /><br />We tried everything we could find on the internet to resolve the problem (including one relating to use of range extenders on one of the dual bands, which we have in place) -- no luck.<br /><br />This is a poorly-designed, poorly-documented, overpriced product. Save yourself a lot of time/aggravation and don't buy.
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|addictive. I enjoy playing it everyday.  although I would like prides to be a bit more frequent. it is still fun to play
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I'm so glad that I read the book first, which is usually true because there is so much more detail in the plot and the characters are fleshed out more.
030758836X|1.0|Our book club read this.Only one person liked it. The rest of us had the exact same things to say about it: no redeeming characters. The book takes many twists, but at the end of the day you can only think these characters deserve what they get and each other. I feel sorry for offspring. what a waste of money & time reading this.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|Ahh!! I cant stop playing it!! I highly reccomend trying it if you enjoy the first temple run. The graphics are great and the actual game is WAY cool. :) xx.
B007VUA7VO|5.0|I haven't had any problems with this app. It keeps track of my Kindle Fire HD's battery life.I like watching the little bubbles. Also the color changing to show amount of battery life is a nice visual feature as well as the percentage.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|This is my favorite game at this time.  It is very additive and so hard to put down.  I did not realize this game was out there until my daughter told me about it last week.  My husband gets my kindle to play this game and it is hard to get back from him.
075669812X|1.0|I ordered this book Dec 21 2012, it was out of stock but I still place an order because my 8 yrs old son wanted this book so bad. I had to explain to him that he will get his book later etc.... the book finally came on stock a few weeks ago and I still haven't received it and is almost 2 months since I ordered it. They keep changing the delivery date... I had the hope of getting this book for Valentine's day instead since I couldn't get it for Christmas. I'm very disappointed about this....is my first problem with this website.
B003O86FMW|5.0|When I finished the series, I was left wanting more, I personally have not enjoyed reading that much for some time, and I am an avid reader, always have a book or kindle with me, sometimes both
1933865474|5.0|I saw the large version of this in a book store and only didn't buy it because of the price. This smaller edition is still a really decent size though, and Timms images are great.
B003JTHXOK|4.0|easy read. and loved the surprised ending. Sparks did it again, by creating warm and interesting characters! I especailly loved the theme of being storong and independent.
B00A77II0U|5.0|Graphics are fun and crisp. There is no blurring when zooming in which is nice. The story has been really good so far. I have been playing all day and I am still not finished with it. So I think that is a bonus.<br /> To those of you who rate low because u get a free version of this type of game and then find out you have to buy the rest. All of these games are like that so just expect it. Yes it would be nice to be offered a few for free they do state that you are unable to unlock the full game from within the game using money. Maybe it should be stated clearer but that is what it means.<br />Ok back to the game. I have not found any glitches running it on my Kindle F hd. I love these type of games. This one is a little on the easy side but it is a lot of fun. Please keep making these games and if you have them for other devises please make them available for us kindle people. It is not all about the books. ;)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is my favorite Digital Bible.  It is so easy to follow and to go from one book to another in no time at all.
B002LHRM2E|5.0|love the way he composes it.  the points he mentions are all interesting. i did not learn it from class.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|As with its predecessor the book continues to provide a most satisfying read and continuation of the storyline and characters
B005Q1W10A|5.0|Love Downtin Abbey on TV...but had missed most of the first 2 seasons...so I ordered them from Amazon and am sooo glad I did !<br />Everything went perfectly. I have enjoyed each episode so much and will watch again.
B005GIS1WA|2.0|There are some positive aspects to tbis movie, but they're adequately covered by others. The aspect that made this a regrettable choice for us is the sexual innuendo. I think the film is fine for little kids (5 and under) who don't perceive any of this or for 12 and older kids who are already encountering this at school, but between 5 and 12, we simply found the direct connection to the act of sex to be way, way too much. It's carnival in Rio, so clothing is really scanty on the human characters; another negative. Too much shake your booty.<br /><br />I don't mind talking about how babies are made with my kids. I love that they dance and watch others dance. They simply don't need to see sexuality/sensualty at this age.
B00AIQP9DE|5.0|Great game, wonderful graphics and very exciting. Can't stop playing it, cause i always want to know what happens next. Definitely would recommend it anyone who enjoys mystery games :)
B0055SWM08|5.0|I really do love this game.  It makes you think, but at the same time the background music is so relaxing.
B0042J6VUS|3.0|The unit works well on my iPhone with no case or a thin one, but for anything substantial you must remove the case to use it. Any normally wide phone won't even fit the holder.
B005LLSNNE|5.0|This season defintly puts Jax into a whole new light for me and the club. Its definitely a must see.
B000JQU4TW|4.0|Four stars because it's a bit slow at times.  The imagery in the book is quite good and the moral is well taken.  A classic nonetheless and it should be on everyone's reading list.
1878424319|5.0|This is a wonderful book to help anyone gain more insight towards other people and a greater awareness of one's own self.
B007VUA7VO|5.0|This app. Is right on theory! It's accuracy is pretty much dead on & you can find out how low your battery is BEFORE your appliance all the sudden pops outselling you to charge it! Thanks Amazon.
B00821OX98|4.0|Loved the story lines and the characters were well developed. The cast complements each other. I was easily caught up in the story and looked foreword to the next episode with anticipation.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|This is one of best series that I've seen.  It is on the same level as West Wing.  Best yet it comes with Prime free.
B009VB97EY|1.0|This movie defiantly did not live up to the hype. I was so excited to see this movie and it was such a let down. The only good part is they are topless.
0374214913|5.0|This is a short, easy to read book that packs a ton of content in very little space. It's an excellent little book, and one that I have already highly recommended to a few others (I think my librarian wife will especially enjoy it).<br /><br />It's hard to put into any one category, but the author clearly loves books and this book will make you want to pick up more books and keep reading them. I also loved that it was a glow in the dark cover . . . perfect touch.<br /><br />If you liked [[ASIN:030788743X Ready Player One]], then get this book. Highly Recommended.
B008K9SG9K|5.0|This is probably one of the best albums of the year...and it's only $7.99 on Amazon. Worth every penny -- I've listened to the whole album at LEAST 15 times.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Using it on kindle fire and it is working fine. Seems to be pretty accurate too. I like it that it lists my small home town in the cities. Love it!
1402217722|4.0|I thought this was so fun, the humor in it was great, I just found out about Georgette Heyer and I like what I have read so far.
1449410243|5.0|Awesomely funny. However my cats deny everything.....ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha<br /> (needed 13 more words for my review to post)
B007URCTOG|5.0|This movie was inspiring and beautiful it shows how relationships really are and how you have to take the good with the bad.
B00004R99F|3.0|Good quality product, used it for a project and worked great. I'll recomed the product and the service . Thanks
B0015DROBO|4.0|The novel was a good read and it got harder and harder to close the book towards the end. Much better than the movie.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Haven't read Nicholas Sparks before but now I know why everybody else does.  Not telling anymore- you have to find out for yourself.
B000GBEWHA|5.0|Who doesn't love this movie!  Highly recommend this movie for anyone who didn't see it.  We love this movie and we can watch it over and over.
B00364K6YW|5.0|No one but Colin Firth will ever be Darcy for me.  This is the best version of the Austen book. I watch it at least once a year.  Great period love story.
B00APUYWYA|5.0|This movie is just the type of movie that you can sit back and laugh with. The perfect pick me up on a gloomy day. The actress that plays Fat Amy excelled!!!!
B008220DGE|1.0|This movie is absolutely terrible. Avoid it at all costs. I don't write reviews that often but this movie needs to have light shone on it for what an absolute piece of garbage it is.
B00A7OJ0DC|5.0|Every part of this movie was so epic i almost can't put words to describe it!  ive been gaming since the early 90's so seeing this movie was a dream come true!  the story was perfect!  the characters were very well portrayed!  seeing egg man and bowser (and other nintendo, sega, namco, midway characters) in a Disney movie was just. just.. awesome!!! :D<br /><br />If your a old gamer such as myself and haven't seen this, your missing out! BIG TIME!  I highly recommend getting this movie!
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|I needed a protector case for my Kindle Fire, and this one works OK.  It does not stand up by itself very well, but usually I hold it when I'm using it anyway.  Not bad, could be beter, but overpriced for what you do get.
B0070Y46UY|3.0|I still have not seen the movie. I usually read the book before I see a movie based on a book. I am wondering how they made this movie anywhere accurate. Surely the animals on the lifeboat would not be real. I almost did not read the second part as the first part was not very interesting to me. It was long and drawn out.  The second part of the book (Pi's ordeal) was not very believeable, but was interesting to read how Pi figured out his problems and solved them. The tiger gave excitement to the story and, also, there was a twist when he was blind for a short time and met another blind person who was also shipwrecked. The island gave an interesting break from the tedious everyday existence Pi was living to survive.
0143034901|5.0|Reread this last weekend.  Was just as good the 2nd time.  Originally read it in 2005 and could not put it down. This kind of sweeping, unusual story with a great setting is so rare.  Top 10 books ever.
B0098VXBIA|5.0|I was pregnant when we rented this and I peed my pants from laughing so hard. It shows how life a pregnant woman really is and the husband even got a few giggles in.
B004HD61KE|5.0|I'm hooked on this author. He manages to take bits of history and turn them into &#34;it could happen&#34; scenarios that keep you on the edge of your seat. I enjoy that he keeps the same characters in his Sigma Force novels and can't wait to read the next one!
1466401885|5.0|Very good book and from an Oklahoma writer. I really liked it and can not wait for the next one. It had a lot of good turns in it. I also like that it was more than a YA type of book but not exactly a complete adult book with the monotony of everyday adult life. It was refreshing and I really liked that it doesn't keep going and going in a series of 3 or 5 or 7 books. It is a classic book that ends at 1. That's nice.
B009RI4FRU|5.0|A great movie which my boyfriend and I enjoyed greatly. It was everything I expected from a Wes Anderson film and the acting was supurb.
B000001EHS|5.0|This is the perfect CD if you are looking for a one disc compilation of the best Def Leppard Songs.
B006MW3V6U|4.0|I enjoyed the second season as much as the first. Storylines were better developed this season. Good characterizations of famlilies during the depressed times in Europe.
B009HEJXFS|5.0|This movie is the best Men In Black made yet. Loved it and as always Will Smith has excelled in it.
B008Y2FRFO|4.0|the game is fun. although sometimes u run out of coins and u have 2 wait a while 2 get more.
0425263908|4.0|Jump on the Fifty Shades of Grey train. Practically the same. It was a good read but a little monotonous.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|its really fun and I'm hooked like I was with the first one but with the first one I lost interest fast so hopefully I wont on this one but its pretty cool and a lot BETTER!!!!
B00AIQP9DE|5.0|fun game with lots of challenges it is not too hard, while at the same time still being challenging.  if you like these kind of games, this is a must have
B006CR2PD0|1.0|The Blu ray transfer is very bad. Full of grains, it's extremely painful to watch. Did not finish watching the movie.
B003UBTX6S|5.0|Fun read that you could breeze thru in a day or two. Few unexpected twists and turns. Wish the culmination could have been a little meatier. Otherwise a good read overall.
B00B09BGQW|3.0|I really like the cello parts, but I could take or leave the songs with lyrics. Still, very talented musicians.
030758660X|4.0|the patterns are well writen and the projects come out fairly close to the way they are pictured.  I have enjoyed working my way though the book and making cute things to wear.  some of the patterns were challanging but I learned a lot from working the pattern and love the end result.[[ASIN:030758660X Vampire Knits: Projects to Keep You Knitting from Twilight to Dawn]]
B008JGSM6G|5.0|love it. this game is fun relaxing and sweet. I love this game. buy it its fun. I love this game.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|This game is awesome I just wish that you could like raise them from when their a colt. But if anything its awesome more people should play this game.People if you see my comment please take my advice and play this game!!!!!!
B00AFEXRME|5.0|As always,Danzel Washington has a very &#34;Must See&#34; movie for me.He never fails to protray his image as perfect.I am glad I have this movie. Thanks.Thelma P
B009UX2YAC|1.0|it would be a great game for children, had fun at first playing but then it just got boring. would not get again
B001FVV2X2|3.0|stay tuned for fringe 2, it gets better. Twelve more words required.eight more words required. It just gets better.. Bye
B009ZQ8FQG|5.0|I am just beginning to watch this season.  I am still hooked and loving how the story is  unfolding...Don't want this show to end.
1465001107|4.0|Seen better concert pictures out there.  No real personal pictures and some are too dark or can't see his face. But still Michael.
B005RAO0GS|5.0|At first listen it's a pretty good albulm.  I have been obsessed with listening to it for about 3+ months now because each time it just keeps getting better!
B008M7JODC|5.0|Love it! Great show. Totally recommend it to anyone. I can't wait to start watching season #2. Walter rocks :)
B008JGSM6G|5.0|this game is awesome this game could not possibly even in the future be any better then this and I am being honest all my friends play this game and we all love it
B008N9AAQ4|5.0|Simply:<br />Relax your mind and enjoy.!!<br />An audiovisual show indispensable. It makes one wonder about what humans do in the different lives we enjoy.<br /><br />Sorry for my little english. ;o)
B006MW3UZW|5.0|If you like historic/period shows, you will love this!  Each time I watch an episode, I want to know what comes next---immediately!!
B00APUQRPC|4.0|Even though he's fully codgity and the senior citizen poster child, I like storylines he chooses to place himself in.
B0012GMXYM|4.0|35 years after it was issued, this album seems simultaneously dated and vibrant.  In other words, the quality of the music is so far ahead of what comes out in 2013, there's little comparison.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I loved reading Pillars of the Earth, but I can truly say, I enjoyed listening to World Without End even more.
B009CG0UKI|5.0|What's not to like, you have Denzel Washington portraying a mobster from america's past, him and Russell Crowe make this movie a great watch.
B004UXUX4Q|4.0|Did not know what this story was about when I purchased it and was pleasantly surprised by the storyline.  It was enjoyable and the kind of movie I would watch again.
B001I45UFC|5.0|I read this book when I was 9 years old. I really enjoyed reading Narnia - The lion the witch and the wardrobe. My favorite part is when Peter defeats the white witch and becomes the high king of Narnia. I think this book is great for kids because it develops kid's imagination.
B004U8VWLE|3.0|I've heard many references to this movie, but never anything specific.  I had no mental preparation for it.  Interesting in parts, insane in others.  Nothing really bad, or good to say.
B00000J7J4|3.0|I imagine the album was an attempt to market Santana during a time when his kind of music wasn't so popular.  But, on the other hand, Carlos always delivers with those searing guitar solos and his unique genius.
B0015DRPJU|3.0|Actual rating: 3.5<br />From an action/storytelling perspective this was an easier/better read than the last book.  However, my lack of interest in Lissa has turned to irritation and loathing.  I never particularly liked her, finding her kind of boring and disinteresting, but after that crap at the end, where Lissa told Rose she wouldn't heal/save Dimitri AFTER Lissa saved her own boyfriend, Christian, left me angry.<br /><br />What I'm finding particularly hard to swallow is this sense of entitlement from Lissa and a moral code that shifts with convenience.  It's not okay to play God except when it suits your purposes?  Right.  And after that, does Rose even confront her about this?  No.  She lets that buttmunch Lissa console her?  WTF?  Get a clue Rose, it's a one-sided relationship.  And the jerk paractically dropped you like a bad habit when she hooked up with Christian.  Ugh.<br /><br />Anyway, the story is better aside from these irritating character issues and the cliffhanger.. Agh!!  Wow... Dimitri.  :(
B008Q08QXE|4.0|How do you go wrong with Jimmy Stewart?  This is a great &#34;who done it?&#34; movie...old time suspense is refreshing.
1401322786|5.0|Another winner by Mitch Albom.  A story that pulls you in from the first page and doesn't let you go.  As usual, the author writes in such a way as to keep the reader thinking even after the last chapter is finished.
0671015206|5.0|This might seem silly, but I read this book in an economics class my sophomore year of high school, just to get honors credit for a regular econ history class. But this book changed my life. Because of Millionaire Next Door, I understood finances in a way that my classmates didn't. I attended a state university, earned money as I went to school and graduated without debt. I now own my own condo and own 100% of my car and have no debt whatsoever, which is something hardly any twenty-something can say these days. I owe it all to reading this book in my formative teenage years. Thank God I read this, or I might have trotted off to some out-of-state school on a student loan that I'd be paying back for years to come.
0316010669|4.0|Take a visual, aural, or other sensory \\"thin slice\\" of what's happening around you, within you, or in proximity to someone else, instead of digging into a deep history or obsessively evaluating every angle possible in multiple ways for an example of implicit, unconscious, rapid cognition or snap judgments that help make decisions in a 20-second (or less then) \\"blink.\\" Malcolm Gladwell's famous book about \\"The Power of Thinking Without Thinking\\" includes case studies related to police practice, medical protocol, choosing and hiring symphony orchestra musicians, and a few more. It's a little long on detail and a little thicker than necessary, yet provides that helpful nudge most of us need to get back to trusting our own instincts and initial gut reactions to decisions about our own futures, people we've just met, large /small purchase decisions and anything else that presents us with either / or, one of many choices. Now that I've finished reading \\"blink,\\" I need to add Gladwell's \\"The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference\\" to my reading list.
B00A0SJWQU|3.0|As re-doing the story goes, this wasn't too shabby.  Kate played an wonderful villian and the acting and writing and direction was not bad.  I had a few complaints but this is one of those &#34;you either like it or hate it&#34; kinda things.
B003Z6WFWC|5.0|This was a great movie...thanks! It was easy to watch and available immediately. I will watch it again for sure.
0525952926|4.0|This story is of epic proportions spanning the period 1933 - 1949 and takes place predominantly in Germany, Russia, England and America. There are so many characters, it is dizzying and sometimes confusing. However I found myself being educated about that period in Europe: e.g. the role played by Hitler and the atrocities of the Nazi government. When eventually the Germans were defeated, liberation by the Red Army was far from the happy event many people expected. They were rapists and looters. Hitler killed himself on Monday 30th April 1945, in his bunker in Berlin. Good bye to bad rubbish!<br />There were, however, some story lines that seemed to get dropped.E.g. What became of the situation between Jacky Jakes and Greg? Then did Barney McHugh get away with passing info to Nikolai Yenkov at the Soviet Embassy? Volodya was very impressed by the freedom in the US system. Would he not want his children at least to live in such a free society?<br />Very educational and historical.
0345803493|5.0|I thought book one was amazing but it only gets better in book 2. You wont be sorry this is a must read series.
B008IJT0CE|5.0|...and I change the sounds every few nights.  I visualize whatever nature sounds I have on (I usually mix water and birds in some way), and fall asleep fairly quickly.  I have ADD, and it's hard to get my brain to slow down at bedtime, so this says a lot!!
B0062GM6FS|3.0|First couple of hundred pages are great - like the First Man by Camus. The end is also pretty good. But the middle is all about how cool it is to be able to manage one's heroin addiction. Not of interest.
B006MW3V6U|5.0|Best costume drama ever - scenery, sets, and costumes are lavish - cast is great and story line addicting. Can't wait for season 3!
B000QXDED6|5.0|Magnifica obra, todo un clasico para guardar en mi biblioteca particular, gracias por esta oportunidad de tener cosas valiosas del septimo arte
B001UGB1X8|4.0|Violence not suspended TLJ dishes out a fair amount of brutality but it is in keeping with the low<br />life types  that deserve it!
0345803507|5.0|This by far one of the best books I have read in a while. It is not just the sex or romance but the the story is amazing as well.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|I have played many horse games but none have ever been as good as this. I love playing it all the time.
B0076DELIG|3.0|Decent Bosch story.  He is a more mellow guy now.  Enjoyed the interaction with his daughter.  Interesting coincidences that make up the case.  Predictable ending, but the bad guys always get what's coming.
B008XG1X18|5.0|We searched and searched and had mile-long favorited file lists that we never looked at again, or stacks of paper causing clutter and trash.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Subway surfers is a great game and I would recommend it. It is very fun and gets harder as you go along. ^_^
B0084670FU|4.0|Waiting for the plot to come together keeps you watching until the end Well Done. Dont give up on this one
B00006LFGD|5.0|Duets by Barbra Streisand and other misc. artists was exactly what I was hoping for.<br />I liked it so much that I bought 3 more copies for others as gifts.<br />Mannie  V.
B00005N6KG|5.0|The design is perfect for mp3 listening while I walk, stay in place with no weight and a great sound.
B00296A4F4|5.0|I love the actors and storylines.  It's a very unique show that addresses some real issues.  I would like some of the bullying and inappropriate relationships addressed more realistically.
B003UBTX6S|4.0|My daughter and I are hooked on these books although this one was a bit slower than the first :)
B007SGM084|4.0|I enjoyed this book. I we would read it again..I had me anticipating each chapter. The end was not expected
B00B2V66VS|5.0|this is a REALLY fun game..and its free..and on my kindle it downloaded fast!!!! I recommend that u get this game!!!!  :)
1616550414|5.0|This hardcover book is full of concept art, notes from Miyamoto and Aonuma, and the manga insert in the back is a great prequel to the entire Legend of Zelda story.
0316228532|2.0|Im a huge JK fan but I couldnt finish. I couldnt get involved with the characters many because there were too many with no focal point. Im disappointed and hope that she goes back to adventure stories
B001EC2IT4|5.0|One of the best movies! Seen it several times and its funny every time I watch it :P Great acting
B009IEXKXI|5.0|THIS AN OUTSTANDING NOVEL. THE SURVIVAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE LONE ASTRONAUT ON MARS WAS INCREDIBLE. MOST PEOPLE WOULD HAVE DIED SHORTLY AFTER REALIZING THEY WERE STRANDED ON A DESOLATE PLANET. THE NOVEL WAS FAST PACED WITH NEW ADVENTURES HAPPENING ALL THE TIME. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE.
B009WO7NQO|1.0|I don't like angry birds. waste of time. I play minecraft. want to play a fun game? get minecraft. 7$ but isthmus worth it. promise
B00B7PIRIE|3.0|RE: An Open Letter to Julian Fellowes<br /><br />Dear Mr. Fellowes;<br /><br />As a former fan of all three seasons of Downton Abbey, I wish to bring to your attention the despicably callous way you killed-off the main hinge-point character of the entire series at the end of Season 3, thus destroying any desire to re-watch any part of the series again and again as I and my significant other would often look forward to doing.<br /><br />Warning other actors not to quit the series, lest they be dealt a similar wrath ?<br /><br />Suffice it to say, the jubilant end of The Cricket Match would have been an infinitely more welcome conclusion to a pending Season 4.<br /><br />But I must digress . . .<br /><br />An ironic post-war hunting accident or fall would have been a far more compassionate demise than the forcible shock of what happened later, (the family trip to Scotland could have been used to set that very scenario); as it was, the whole trip North served little or no purpose other than as a self-patronizing viewer respite.<br /><br />Ironically, the 'impact' the final scene had on me to write this impromptu letter-study re: the overall course, or rather curse, of Downton Abbey (and not Highclere Abbey, < artistic license > the very castle where it was filmed?) as well-acted, produced and filmed as it was, and to post it here as a voice for the many Downton fans who may come to feel the same way.<br /><br />Without being accused of being a `spoiler's spoiler', indeed, from the very start, Downton Abbey opens with a major tragedy with the loss of the Titanic along with two crucial (Crawley) family members on board, thus begetting a credible classic pretext for re-establishing the Crawley family hierarchy in order to rightfully preserve the estate, the combined epic scale of which elegantly served to defined events and social intrigue becoming such an upper-class family, or so it would appear.<br /><br />Instead, however, Downton Abbey, seasons 1, 2 and 3 descend into a subtle* chain reaction of extended-family discord, distrust and death stretching all the way to Scotland, culminating in a mid-series depressive distraction during the much-anticipated Christmas Special; instead of post-war holiday optimism, Downton became unduly mired (starting the very day after yet another in-house Downton-style 'honeymoon'!) in a protracted outside murder investigation impacting lower echelon Downton employees, an inner-city motif hardly becoming upscale holiday family fare set in a venerable castle.<br /><br />Ironically, the only chance for any lasting mid-life happiness at Downton I sensed was the immutable, albeit brief, native-English bond between Robert and Jane which led me to further think the Downton curse sprang perchance from the `damn Yankee' genes of Cora (which could have very well genetically contributed to the early death of one of her daughters after giving birth to a granddaughter ironically named after her dead mother), which begs the question: shouldn't the family namesake been better-off \\"Crowley\\", as in Aleister, rather than Crawley ?<br /><br />And yet a momentary glimmer of true showmanship and hope from a surprise vocal duet reminiscent of the great Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald (\\"America's Singing Sweethearts of the 1930's\\"), except shouldn't Mary's lead lyrics have been, \\"If I were the only girl in the world and you were the only boy\\", instead of vice versa ?<br /><br />Seasoned viewers are welcome to recount along with me the staggering amount of undue influence suffered by nearly all characters involved, starting with, though not necessarily in this order: the loss of the Titanic (w/two Crawley family members on board); the touchingly grievous death of a new mother; a thoroughly jilted bride; a poisoned ex-wife; a wrongfully-jailed husband; betrayed lovers, subversive and/or promiscuous housekeepers; inferred homosexuality and prostitution; gratuitous eavesdropping; the reckless loss of the Downton (borrowed) fortune; the public beating of a Downton employee; a black marketer ripoff's ripoff; one very dead Downton house guest; a selfish act of military cowardice; public, private and personal threats and blackmail; a Spanish Flu (pending-family) victim; several major misdiagnoses; a treacherous bar of soap AND a horribly unfortunate miscarriage; an entire Downton HOUSEFULL of wounded and maimed soldiers including the in-house suicide of a blinded field officer; the in-house death of a former Downton employee immediately following an in-house rushed marriage to a radically immature Downton employee, as well as an unfortunately disfigured burned soldier claiming to be an overlooked Crawley relative (yet somehow knew a secret family signal which Robert himself witnessed); sadly, (yet again?) nearly all events and repercussions methodically engineered against virtually all the women characters throughout the show's continuous run of ill-luck circumstances - - this very recounting itself prompted by the reckless loss of by far the most altruistic character in the story; combined overview hindsight I wasn't fully aware of myself until said character's violent demise, (which could have been portrayed far more compassionately in a shooting accident or fall in Scotland as previously stated), a death which rendered the above-mentioned highlights 'non-spoilers' by comparison.<br /><br />While it may have been yet another case of your 'unrequited writerly love', on a somewhat minor note, what would a decidedly gay Downton employee be doing risking everything working that far out in the country when obviously he belonged in the city with such a wanton appetite ? He could have just as easily, if not more so, successfully worked for a gay Lordship and his social circle elsewhere instead of forcibly subjecting himself to an otherwise most verifyably straight Downton household, etc.<br /><br />( * One might believe the distractive illusion of viewer optimism throughout Downton 1, 2 and3 was subliminally sustained/engendered through a most elegantly domesticated music soundtrack - - how very 'Tavistockly' clever !)<br /><br />> A BETTER ENDING TO SEASON 3 : Instead, Robert borrows the new `family' sports car to secretly go meet Jane now that the family name was re-saved by Mary's new son ( 'Matthew Jr'., like Sybil the Second ? ) Cora keels over when she hears the news about Robert's death, then Tom could marry Mary and all would be well again . . . together in Cloneton Abbey !<br /><br />By the way, wasn't that you, Mr. Fellowes, driving the oncoming truck or was it the ghost of Alfred Hitchcock, yet another woman-hating British writer/director ?<br /><br />Having lost my 'Abbey-tite' for any further viewing I remain,<br /><br />Ex-Downton Abbey Dave<br />Fairlawn, OH USA<br /><br />P.S.  Iain Glen (Sir Richard Carlisle) would make the next great James Bond, second only to Sean Connery who also happens to be Scottish - - Iain Glen should be cast immediately !
B004GHNIRK|2.0|I dont have anything against the book other than its way over my head. I am going to see the movie ant then try to read the book.
B004JZBGWI|3.0|It is a good app that allow you to set a password for security. I've using it since I bought my kindle.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|I love this game. it is so fun and challenging. me and my mom love the game. i hope they will come out with a temple run three.:)
B00BCOQSSQ|5.0|Everville...A young adult fantasy that captured this more mature reader's attention immediately! Loved getting drawn right into the story and, like Owen, moving easily between the realms due to smooth writing skills. My imagination was oddly able to fill in and see more than was described sometimes...magically. Looking forward to more books and getting to know these characters and realms more.
B005CRQ3RK|5.0|This book was an awesome book and I can't wait to read the next one! It might just make it to one of my favorite Diary of a Wimpy Kid book!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The story was really good but it was a bit scary to think about how something like this could happen. All around I was completely satisfied with the purchase and have purchased the next two books as well. Definitely keeps you riveted!
B001F7MSFW|4.0|Great fun watching this movie.Would be scary for a small kid.Mine are teenagers.Popcorn night was super fun.<br /><br />I hate writing long reviews!!!!
B005ZOBNOI|5.0|When i read the premise of the book I thought it would be kind of depressing. I bought it bc a friend of mine highly recommended it. What a beatiful book. Two adolescents and some much wisdom. In the midst of such terrible things happening to them they find love and happiness. Absolutely a wonderful reading.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I really love it it is a fun game I can not stop playing this game it is a amazing game to play.
B00991TCOG|5.0|I purchased this CD after enjoying every song on it that came up on Pandora. I'm not a huge fan of the violin but this music has a kind of excited energy of a talented musician simultaneously doing battle and working in tandem with the synthetic mixes, weaving from it a wonderful feeling sound and that's just amazing.
0783240287|5.0|Not sure if I'm reviewing the story or the disc but both were great!!! We loved the movie, the music is awesome. The disc was in good condition and I was very satisfied with this purchase!
B005NKIQ26|2.0|This Christmas album is completely forgettable.  I played this album once and then threw in a Christmas box and probably will never play it again
B009KS4XRO|3.0|when playing valentine game there was 22 bingos called before my first number popped up?????? lost 16credits please fix freezes a lot when playing the free games.
B008220DIC|5.0|Great film. Not for the impatient or people who have difficulty investing in characters with major flaws. This film is basically Man vs Himself and Man vs Society so just remember that going into it. Can't wait to see the extra scenes on the DVD. Great sound track too.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|As expected, the MDR7506's are cheap, durable and meet every standard that I had when it came to monitoring and mixing when I couldn't use my big speakers.  The highs are a little crispy and you'll notice this when you cross reference to your studio monitors if engineering music.  The mids and clean and flat and the bass is well extended down to 10hz but not exaggerated.  When using big speakers isn't possible, I couldn't find a reliable, affordable pair of headphones that could allow me to make accurate decisions when mixing.  Doesn't compare to the AKGq701's in terms of soundstage but for the price range they are in and the reliability they contain, I am very happy that I made this purchase.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this book! I've always had a high respect for Steve Jobs and all that he did during his life, and it was fascinating to read &#34;the rest of the story&#34;. Walter Isaacson does a great job and is a really good writer. You won't be disappointed. It actually led me to buy more Apple products!
B003ODIZL6|3.0|The reason I rated it like this is because it provides a lot of facts, but can use more fun things in it.
B004SBQAN8|4.0|I'm not going to cut this into pieces and critique them. I thought this could have been better. And I'm not really sure why. I liked the characters, with the exception of the alien bad guys. Too corny for me. The premise was good, but perhaps lacking originality and yet I would still like to see a sequel. If you like beautiful people, aliens, and big monsters fighting on a football field, check this out.
1608871088|5.0|Just amazing art and beautiful dedication. I enjoyed the book profoundly and hope to see more Rise of the Guardians Soon.
B009IF82SK|5.0|This show is hilarious! I love that it is available as soon as possible and can't wait for the next season :)
B007Q0OV6Q|5.0|THIS WAS A LITTLE EXPENSIVE BUT IT IS GREAT FOR ADVENT. MY KIDS LOVED IT EVERY DAY.  THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE A LITTLE DIFFICULT DUE TO THE ONLINE ANIMATION.
B003WUYRGI|3.0|I thought it was great, but it could have made more sense to me. I have tied to use this dictionary multiple times, but I just can't understand something that is so wrong and confusing.
B005LAJ22Q|5.0|Just after season one came out on DVD to buy, i was looking for another show to watch. At the time The WD had not reached the status it now enjoys, but I do like zombies, so I bought it. First of all, I know that tastes vary and so I don't presume to tell others what they should or should not like. My wife does not like zombie movies and she doesn't care for The WD. Even though this show is another zombie apocalypse, a topic beat to death in recent years, I believe it has to do with the other stuff that makes it enjoyable. Yes, there is some graphic killing, gory detail, and even sex, it is the details of the lives of the survivors that keeps you watching. If you start this, you will want to follow it till it ends. Happy hunting!
B00899F0G8|5.0|You can't go wrong with Pretty Little Liars! I could watch all season over and over again! I love this show!
B005PK56TA|5.0|This season will keep you on the edge of your seat. Great story and great actors. Ready to watch season 2!
B000VE439Y|4.0|as expected
0679805273|5.0|I bought three of these (one for each of my kids). My son just started Pre-K this year and I am going to have each teacher write in their book & give it to them at their graduation.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|I thought it was going to be a pet the horse game but you can interact with your horse. But they could make it easier to get gems
B008RA3X5E|1.0|This started out to be a good app but for whatever reason the alarm stopped playing audio. I went into settings and adjusted the volume for this app but it doesn't stay where u set it. It always goes back down to zero and because of that I was late getting up for work twice. What's the deal! Very disappointing.
B007ZGBZHE|5.0|A great read with lots of twists and turns. I love the characters in the storyline and all of the depth to the series, I recommend you read them all!
B002HSSAY6|4.0|i great view of what or may be the was west really was couldn't be leave that henry Fonda such heartless bad guy
B0085A9J18|3.0|The movie was alright, the story was less than I expected, and I'll be honest. I wasn't really expecting a story.<br />None the less the fight scenes are pretty good<br />I felt that sometimes they were a bit lengthy, but I got over it
B00ATSBIIG|5.0|I was a bit apprehensive to get this app at $1,99 but I am glad I did.  This has to hands down one of the best puzzle apps out there.  It is very challenging and the graphics are great on my Kindle Fire.
B0064TVQ5E|5.0|seriously love this game can not stop playing all my time in the bathroom is now mahjong instead of birds
B004ZG5F3M|5.0|Chocolat is a remarkable film worthy of 5 Stars at Amazon. I'm not going into the characters or plot, you will find details in the other reviews here. Performances by Judy Dench and Juliette Binoche alone are good reason to buy this DVD. And half-way through Chocolat you get Johnnie Depp as a (are you ready?) gypsy riverboat skipper in France.<br /><br />Chocolat is a film you will relish. I cannot explain reviews here that seem almost apologetic. The playful manner between Depp and Binoche is what cinema is made for. The interaction between the French villagers is remarkable. You will be delighted to own this film.
B004LWZW6U|5.0|I always wnjoy good movies with plenty of ladies in bathing suits.  I especially enjoyed this movie because it was in 3D.  When you see sharks around it usually means plenty of blood but when it comes to piranha it is doubly bloody because they usually swim in schools and attack together making it more bloody and the girls are more frightened because they can't see what is in the water.  I would recommend this to anyone who is for gore.
B008OB5E9O|5.0|Every mother should buy this book and read it to their children. Mine love it, the older ones laugh at the thought of a mom doing this but I can tell they think it is sweet. We bought it in hard cover so it has held up well.
1616550414|5.0|This was already going to be a phenomenal book, didn't realize how awesome it really is. If you're a Zelda fan of any sort, just by the book. Words don't do it justice. Though I'm saddened by the fact that timeline discussions won't be as exciting now that the real timeline is shown in the book.
B008TRUDAS|4.0|This is the second book that I read written by Colleen Hoover.  It was very good book to sit and read.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|Loved the first one and this one tops its!! Didn't think they would make a new one but they did!
B006MW3V6U|5.0|We were late-comers to Downton Abbey and just decided to watch it on a whim when the cable was out and what resulted was a marathon of watching it every moment we had until we were completely caught up (in less than two weeks, I might add).  Maggie Smith is truly exceptional, playing the part of the family matriarch with such whit and humor that you cannot help but cheer her on.  And Michelle Dockery as Lady Mary is wonderful.  Although you find yourself appalled at Lady Mary's superior attitude at times, Michelle gives her such a stoic sense of human frailty that you cannot help but want to see her succeed at life and love.  Honestly, we could not stop watching and now that we are caught up, we find ourselves impatiently awaiting each sunday night for a new episode.  It is truly addictive in the best possible way!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Wish you did not have to play the same games over and over to open new games. Have to replay over and over to get enough points to advance to new games.
B00AWTTUHI|2.0|so when i get this i looked like it was going to be good but its only like twenty min long, then the net hour is just people taking about how they made it. So it like watching the thing three times. I liked the first part but very disappointed with this.
B005TKD512|5.0|Loved the book, awesome always to see how we as people act and behave - well done, go out and read it.
B0042J6VUS|5.0|This is so cool.  I use it for video chat while at my office desk.  Perfect height too. I just had to get one for my business partner as well.
B001Q9J4PG|5.0|Clancy does it agian another great book you hate to end just want more.  A book you can not put down just makes you read more at a time
B003C1SPX8|5.0|This was a present, so I didn't get to watch it myself, but it came fast and the person who got it loved it. Quite satisfied with the product and the service.
B00785P2QC|5.0|Great fun for the hole family. Great game for the price. Takes a little long to get point and power back up but overall good game
B000FC1JCQ|3.0|Finished reading &#34;Mists of Avalon&#34;, and it's depressing. The hope does not balance out the shear volume of unfortunate events we're subject to read. I swear, no one ends up happy, they're just hopeful for future generations. That's well and good, but seriously, there were very few moments when I was happy to be reading this.<br /><br />I liked the feminine take on the Arthurian tale, showing the women as those trying to thrive (and failing) in a man's world. It's further hindered by the war between religions, or rather, between the priests and priestesses. I liked the point it made that gods and goddesses do what they will, but all the pain and prejudices come from the followers, not the followed; contemporary commentary anyone? Anyway, for the followers to survive, they pretty much have to meld their traditions, old with the new, basically a marriage of religions. Of course, followers of both are hesitant, to the point of hatred, of doing so, hence the strife between Gwen and Morgaine, Arthur and both of them, Lancelet with himself, and so on and so forth. It gets to the point where you like and dislike every character at one point or another, both sympathizing and wishing to slap them in turn.<br /><br />Bottom line? I don't recommend it.
B004GXZ69W|5.0|I've used this for about 3 weeks now and could not be happier with it. It glides smoothly on the desk, feels good in my hand, and really reduces forearm irritation. Great find for people with repetitive strain or those looking to avoid it. Seems to me like this is how the mouse should have been all along, keeping the forearm bones in alignment.
1591844096|4.0|This book has essentially convinced me that doing what you love and making money do not have to be separate. It has also told me that you can find what you love in more lucrative and predictable types of jobs instead of having to fight against the man and do everything the hard way. In essence, you should keep what you are passionate about but are not making money on as a hobby, and find new passion in a career or management position that will pay you for a better lifestyle.<br /><br />Linchpin: Are You Indispensable by Seth Godin is an unexpected book to my library but I have come to enjoy Seth's work because of it. He has a style that says \\"I used to be in the corporate world so I understand you, and I want to help you out.\\"<br /><br />He defines the Old American Dream versus the New American Dream: show up, keep your head down, suck it up and you'll be rewarded, versus, be remarkable, be generous, create art, make judgement calls, connect people and ideas, and then, the company has NO CHOICE but to reward you. I feel that this is a good reality check to those who find themselves to be average or lower-end employees who have found themselves competing on a globalization playing field instead of the old style of working where there was not as much competition.<br /><br />The book talks about employees, to managers to business leaders. It says that your job, as a business leader, is to let indispensable people grow and not create a faceless machine without creativity. Give them respect and treat them fairly, and they will work harder than you pay them and also for longer hours. These teachings remind me of the new face of successful companies such as Google, Facebook, and Zappos: they are not trying hard to keep everyone in line and create slave labor. They are rather giving the employees more creative freedom than ever and are hiring the best candidates and letting them loose with their own good ideas. Businesses are learning that they are only as strong as their weakest employee, and that just because they have quality managers with mediocre employees does not mean that it will make up for the flaws that the employees will have. The leadership can only do so much but the employees won't support the efforts if their heart is not into what they are working on and they feel like they are working for their boss instead of with their boss.<br /><br />The difference between Linchpins and cogs (cogs in the wheel of the corporate machine) is ATTITUDE, not learning: The desire to not settle. Anyone can learn but will they put their learning into practice? Will they hold themselves accountable to the highest degree? Do they expect the best work for themselves, or are they okay with \\"just getting by?\\" Linchpins probably had good influences growing up, such as a teacher or influential person who pushed their internal spark to strive to be the best. People that are average are not surviving anymore. The world has become way more competitive than it use to be. Leverage is everywhere and someone in their basement can release a product that competes with the largest companies that have been pouring thousands of man years into their efforts. You would rather hire one of these creative and motivated people and set them free within your company, rather than having to compete with them later.<br /><br />In my own opinion, it feels like creative and proactive people are taking care of everyone else, because it is their hard work that builds and sustains successful businesses. Average people come and go and are interchangeable, but a Linchpin is someone who is integral to the success of a particular system or idea, in which the structure will suffer without their support. And they are not just business leaders or managers anymore: they are people. They are employees. They are YOU, if you choose to be. Make the choice to not let the average or the bad habits of others control your life. Make a point to elevate your personal talent and position andthen you never have to worry about needing a job again because you will either always have one or you will be creating one yourself.<br /><br />In the movie, \\"The Social Network,\\" the dean of Harvard University Tells the Winklevoss twins that at Harvard students are taught to believe that it is better to create their own job instead of finding one. Linchpin doesn't quite push the theology this far and doesn't persuade people to own their own businesses, as it is aimed at employees, after all. What it does recommend, though, is to think bigger and not to accept your job title at face value: in order to keep your job you are going to have to work harder than your job requirements. Essentially, you are doing work that is higher/senior level in your current position. This is how you get recognized and the company management would rather promote someone who is already proven to do the higher level work than to take a chance with someone who has only been playing within their kiddie sandbox, instead of a more vast field.<br /><br />No highly desirable job that is sought after was created with applying to a job listing with a resume (take a Rockstar or CEO, for example). Your prior projects ARE your resume: if you keep working on quality work then your track record will speak for you. This is the same as the current trends in hiring: no company is looking to train on the job anymore--they want applicants who already have the skills and the higher the position, the less amount of qualified people there will be to apply for it.<br /><br />Remember: passion is not making money. It is making a difference, solving a problem, creating a change. People are at their most motivated point when they are not motivated by money but something of more lasting value. Money will be a reward for their efforts, and it is indeed better to spend your creative energy creating ideas rather than cleaning toilets. You still want to use leverage and technology to work in a career that will reward your best efforts with capital gains, but it should not be the sole purpose in why you make decisions in life. I have learned from this book that being a manager or working in sales or some other high paying career still has a very hefty amount of art involved. As an artist, I wanted the pure thrill of creating art for arts sake. But I have learned over the years that art, in itself, is not a necessity and is not solving anyone's problems. The richest people are the one's who are the best at solving the most and biggest problems. There is an art that happens in problem solving, and it still requires creative thinking. Any job requires you to solve problems, so don't be upset if you are in an industry that you didn't imagine yourself to be in. You can still make every job position your own and with your own style, and once you get indispensable enough you will be able to make your own choices and you will be motivated by the pure fact that you were able to be yourself and make a killer living while doing it.<br /><br />-Ken Flemming<br />Author, How to Get a Job in Video Gamesthen you never have to worry about needing a job again because you will either always have one or you will be creating one yourself.<br /><br />In the movie, \\"The Social Network,\\" the dean of Harvard University Tells the Winklevoss twins that at Harvard students are taught to believe that it is better to create their own job instead of finding one. Linchpin doesn't quite push the theology this far and doesn't persuade people to own their own businesses, as it is aimed at employees, after all. What it does recommend, though, is to think bigger and not to accept your job title at face value: in order to keep your job you are going to have to work harder than your job requirements. Essentially, you are doing work that is higher/senior level in your current position. This is how you get recognized and the company management would rather promote someone who is already proven to do the higher level work than to take a chance with someone who has only been playing within their kiddie sandbox, instead of a more vast field.<br /><br />No highly desirable job that is sought after was created with applying to a job listing with a resume (take a Rockstar or CEO, for example). Your prior projects ARE your resume: if you keep working on quality work then your track record will speak for you. This is the same as the current trends in hiring: no company is looking to train on the job anymore--they want applicants who already have the skills and the higher the position, the less amount of qualified people there will be to apply for it.<br /><br />Remember: passion is not making money. It is making a difference, solving a problem, creating a change. People are at their most motivated point when they are not motivated by money but something of more lasting value. Money will be a reward for their efforts, and it is indeed better to spend your creative energy creating ideas rather than cleaning toilets. You still want to use leverage and technology to work in a career that will rewardyour best efforts with capital gains, but it should not be the sole purpose in why you make decisions in life. I have learned from this book that being a manager or working in sales or some other high paying career still has a very hefty amount of art involved. As an artist, I wanted the pure thrill of creating art for arts sake. But I have learned over the years that art, in itself, is not a necessity and is not solving anyone's problems. The richest people are the one's who are the best at solving the most and biggest problems. There is an art that happens in problem solving, and it still requires creative thinking. Any job requires you to solve problems, so don't be upset if you are in an industry that you didn't imagine yourself to be in. You can still make every job position your own and with your own style, and once you get indispensable enough you will be able to make your own choices and you will be motivated by the pure fact that you were able to be yourself and make a killer living while doing it.<br /><br />-Ken Flemming<br />Author, How to Get a Job in Video Games
B002VPE1WK|5.0|As a general statement, &#34;AmazonBasics&#34; (tm) products are being made/built in China, but obviously to tight quality control requirements established by Amazon's internal purchasing people.  I have now purchased numerous items from Amazon under the AmazonBasics trade name.  To date, I have NOT been disappointed in any of their products made and sold in the Photography-related category, quality is much higher than average.  This Backpack offering for Cameras, and Accessories equipment fit completely in, or on, this product.  Pricing is very competitive, this product is recommended.
B00899F0G8|5.0|Pretty lil liars just keeps getting better and better!  I cannot fall asleep at times because I'm so intrigued! Definitely did not regret the purchase!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Subway surfers is an over the top game with so many features and it is suitable for every and any age.<br /><br />  I <3 SUBWAY SURFERS!!!!! <3
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|I don't know why I find this so addictive!  Great fun for nearly anyone even without buying extra coins. Recommend for a casual game love who is looking for some mindless fun!
B003U4ZQUM|5.0|This is how television drama should be made.  The surreal plot convolutions require an engaged intellect, characters evolve interestingly, and the technical side (camera work, editing, etc.) is used to excellent effect.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|An amazing story that ends too early. I will be wanting more adventure and suspense for a long time. The author ties it all together wonderfully. I will be awaiting the next  movies as a poor consolation for my desire of more details.
B007THA4FI|4.0|This book was well-written and had good flow.  The subject matter was very depressing.  It was very much a character study in human frailties.
B00280LYHS|5.0|Funny and a great book also a good time and a great effort. The only one that has the gods be thankful for Poseidon.
0060922583|3.0|This is a hard book to review, as it covers a great many topics in an easy-to-read volume, and combines information and speculation from a very wide range of sources.  There are a number of questions I'd like to ask the author, but he is deceased (born 29 September 1953, died 27 May 1992).<br /><br />I give this book 3 stars.  It is a thought-provoking and entertaining book, but, at the same time, he handles some material rather carelessly.  I recommend this book for anyone who has good critical reasoning skills and at least some grip on philosophy and logic, and good grasp of religion, and is interested in reading the thoughts of someone who presents a somewhat well-informed and alternate view of how to account for many disparate phenomena.  I do NOT recommend it for people who are not well-formed in these areas, or are given to getting distracted by speculation in general.  I also do not recommend it for people who have not achieved at least their late teens or twenties in age.<br /><br />The book is a truly interesting attempt to tie together quantum phenomena, paranormal phenomena, mysticism, shamanism, and other matters into a single coherent view of reality.  His principal thrust is to make the case that reality has properties that are analogous to holograms (as in the holograms made with lasers and film).  He uses as his launching point the writings of plasma physicist David Bohm (a name I know from my own work in plasma physics) and neurophysiologist Karl Pribram (whose name and reputation I do not know at all).<br /><br />He gives a good description of how holograms are made, and employs some of the characteristics of the hologram in the rest of the book, especially the properties that any piece of a hologram contains a representation of the whole image, and that the whirls and swirls in a holographic film or plate do not bear any resemblance to the image.  He notes that the image contained in a hologram is not visible unless illuminated with the correct light source and viewed from the correct angle.<br />This analogy leads Talbot (and the others upon whose work he is building) to conclude that every-day physical reality is not fundamental, but is an image generated as a consequence of a mind or minds interacting with a more fundamental layer of reality.<br /><br />He carries on this discussion for quite some time, illustrating it with work done at the (now closed) Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research Laboratory, and a great many anecdotal or 3rd party reports from many sources about near-death experiences, out-of-body experiences, \\"aura\\" viewing, psychokinesis, poltergeist phenomena, etc. etc.<br /><br />When I do experience some discomfort Talbot's book, it is when he talks about things with which I have some experience, and I find the discussion lacking precision or objectivity.  For example, he often uses, or quotes other individuals, using the word \\"frequency\\" as though \\"frequency\\" were a thing rather than a property.  I suspect that this at least in part because language (at least not English) does not have the words to describe these things.<br /><br />When discussing Marian apparitions, he makes the comment: \\"In his thought-provoking book 'The Final Choice,' Grosso says that after studying the evidence he is convinced that such visions are not appearances of the historical Mary, but are actually psychic holographic projections created by the collective unconscious.  Interestingly, not all of the Marian apparitions are silent.  Some, like the manifestations at Fatima and Lourdes, speak, and when they do their message is invariably a warning of impending apocalypse if we mortals do not mend our ways.  Grosso interprets this as evidence that the human collective unconscious is deeply disturbed by the violent impact modern science has had on human life and on the ecology of the earth.  Our collective dreams are, in essence, warning us of the possibility of our own self-destruction\\"<br /><br />Here Talbot andGrosso display their ignorance.  My understanding is that in the case of almost all of the \\"approved\\" Marian apparitions, Mary generally does speak.  Indeed, there IS almost always a call for reform of life.  However, in the case of Lourdes, the message was, if I remember correctly, simply to come to Lourdes (on pilgrimage).  There does not appear to be material for a collective unconscious to be operating in this way.  In the case of Fatima, the message, besides the call for the children (the 3 children who actually witnessed the apparition) to sacrifice for sinners,  was for the Pope to consecrate Russia to Mary.  As Russia was a bit of an agrarian backwater at the time and as the children had no notion of this, it is hard to attribute this apparition to some sort of group concern.  That Grosso, with Talbot's passive approval, apparently, ties to project 1980s era  ecological concerns back to nearly the turn of that century is a bit laughable, and says more about what is on Grosso's mind than what was on the mind of any \\"collective unconscious\\" before the start of WWI.  That Talbot seems dismissive of the possibility (though he does not say this) that at least the \\"approved\\" Marian apparitions (as opposed to the several hundred that are being claimed at any given moment) are, in fact, appearances by Mary in particular times and places done in obedience to a Divine instruction, causes me to question his objectivity.<br /><br />These things, and many others, are a byproduct, I suspect, of Michael Talbot's theology.  I do not know what it was, but it does not appear to have been a standard theology, by Western standards.  Toward the end of the book he seems to slip into a pantheism that seems to be not uncommon among the Eastern religions.  If one concludes that, in reference to the totality of reality, that any part contains the whole, and that each part is present everywhere in the whole, then one who works with the implicit or explicit assumption that the Creatorand the created both fall into this same framework (and are not apart from it) will naturally conclude that \\"God\\" and the totality of reality (including us) are one and the same, with all that implies.<br /><br />So, I do recommend reading this book as it does provide an interesting alternate view of how reality works, and I think this view probably has at least some merit.  Readers should remember that the author (who apparently had his own experience with Twilight-Zone-ish phenomena) brings his own biases and limitations to the work.  It is also important to remember, once the reader puts the book down, that it is still necessary to report to work, feed the kids, and pay the rent.  Even if much of what he proposes is true (and I would not be surprised if much if it is), our daily vocation is, still, to the lives we have, and we should not allow ourselves to be overly distracted.
B003U51D58|5.0|Once again, advertisers and/or the typical viewing public can't sustain an intelligent drama series more than half a dozen seasons.  Shows like this raise the bar.
B0042KA5EK|5.0|I really enjoy the series since the first episode to the last. I just couldn't get up from my seat, that's how much I love it.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Sparks creates  characters that some people can truly relate to. This book keeps you on edge and wanting more with every page!
B004RE29PO|5.0|What can I say?  I'm actually ashamed I purchased this on bluray as late as I did.  The quality of the bluray is damn near perfect.  The film overall is just perfect and I believe this is James Cameron's best film.  I LOVE Sigourney Weaver's version of Ripley in this one.  She's shaken and fragile due to her experience in the first film and certain issues she's had to face in this one, but that doesn't stop her from being a total bad ass who has the ability to delegate under extreme pressure when the hardcore marine (Paxton) can't keep it together.<br /><br /> This movie has everything: drama, action, comedy (at times) and just a little hint of &#34;romance&#34; between Weaver's and Biehn (who is SUPER HOT in this movie).  The practical and special effects are just out of this world (the alien nest).  Not to mention the queen storyline is just freaking brilliant.  Lastly, who can forget &#34;get away from her you b*tch.&#34;  One of the best lines in cinematic history--hands down!
0425252868|5.0|This is a must read just a really great well written story about ww2 pilots. The Germany fighter pilot Franz dispelled the stories that all Germans were ruthless killers. If there were more stars this book would get them.
B0040I09RM|5.0|This is a gripping drama that will have you watching nonstop for all the action and what is going to happen next.
B007ZGO7EM|5.0|This is the best online calculator I've come across. It's large enough to be read with ease. I would definitely recommend it to other internet users.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|[[ASIN:B009UX2YAC Subway Surfers (Kindle Tablet Edition)]][[ASIN:[[ASIN:B00B5DLSMU Ruzzle Free]][[ASIN:B005HSL626 Fruit Ninja Free]]B005I6MKP4 Angry Birds RIO 8-Inch Girl Jewel Bird with Sound]]
B000FA5TTW|5.0|The lovely bones definitely touched my heart and made me think of heaven entirely different from how I imagined it, it is not just a place that you go to after you die, it is much more than that. This also shows how much one life can affect so many people.
B000WAEJZ0|2.0|When I got the cd the case was broken. When I talked to the buyer they said its only the case not like the cd was broken. Bad customer service!
B00119ZMKW|5.0|Great writing, no gratuitous sex scenes or excessive violence. Very refreshing and is easy to watch with the whole family.
B00881VLCE|1.0|The cut of the pieces is very strange. No longer looks like a traditional puzzle. Sorry I bought it. I had been a big fan before this. Disappointed for sure.
B0095P29EG|5.0|This was a fantastic movie and I would watch him in anything else he plays in.  My first time seeing anything he played in.+
B006MW3V6U|5.0|We didn't catch the first season when it aired & watched it later.  Couldn't wait for this second series.  Just great. Finally catching the 3rd series at its current airing.
B00005JLIU|5.0|This is such a classic movie for anyone that likes Julie Andrews. She played a perfect role along with Mary Tyler Moore.
B0050PYNP8|5.0|This was sent as a gift to a friend. I don't know if it was watched yet. I really enjoyed the movie myself so I'm hoping that it will be enjoyed by them.
B0058YPGL6|5.0|When I first heard they were making a remake of the 80's campy Teen Wolf movie, I thought \\"yeah right\\"!  But then I watched it and ....WOW! Not only did they manage to make a show that was both fun and suspensfull, but they also managed to make it interesting and full of action.  It is a \\"teen\\" show where not only are the teenagers believable, but so are the adults - and just as interesting and important as the younger cast!<br /><br />  Serieously a GREAT show! Give it a try - well worth the money!  But I have to agree with other posts...WHERE THE HECK IS THE HI DEF BLUERAY?????  I would buy it in a second!
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Nice game.  This was for my grandson the first video type game he has played and he did very well at it.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|I am very pleased with the flashlight. This is my first experience with the more powerful type of tactical and professional type of flashlights. I am still learning things as I read about these flashlights ( much of this information from Amazon reviews ) . I intend to buy another one in the future. I like the fact that it uses AA batteries. It is very bright.
B007EECSFA|4.0|This was one that I had a hard time putting down especially as it got closer to the end.  Of course, I had pretty much guessed the conclusion well before then, but there was still a surprise or two left in store.  Mostly all the loose ends were tied up neatly, maybe one or two minor points that didn't seem resolved....I don't want to go into a lot of detail so as to spoil it for anyone.  My only complaint about this book is that it really didn't go into much detail about the oldest daughter.  If she grew up in such a loving family, why did she have relationship issues?  It briefly alluded to the fact that it seemed she had never married and had only a couple brief affairs.  Could what she witnessed have had that much of an effect on her entire life?  I think the book should have explored this area in greater detail.  We really don't know much about her from her teens until her sixties.
B003U4XS8Y|4.0|Season 3 was a disappointment. Season 4 helped the show recover. Season 4 focuses on what appears to be a rescue attempt. However, the rescue only brings more danger.<br /><br />Three things about this season make it work. First, rather than flashbacks, this season contains several flashforwards. We see survivors cope with the effects of having escaped the island.<br /><br />Second, the new characters on the rescue team are individual and interesting enough to hold their own. They don't get star billings, but they're not \\"red shirts\\".<br /><br />Third, we see the characters make tough decisions and deal with very real consequences. I particularly liked how Sawyer's character matured.<br /><br />If I had one complaint about season 4, there are a bit too many times when characters didn't behave like themselves. The tension between Locke and Jack's camps felt forced, at best. All of the characters seem far too trusting of Ben who has after all tried to kill most of them several times and lied to them all multiple times.<br /><br />The show is back on track.
B0031RAOVY|4.0|Good acting from Richard Here and Joan Allen. Hatchi, A Dog's Tale met with my expectations.<br /><br />For me personally, better than \\"where the red fern grows.\\"
B000QCQ8XA|5.0|I must read for anyone who has lost someone close to them and has trouble getting out there and living again.
B003LQ3YXU|5.0|I'm a new fan to the Doctor.  It took me a bit to start liking this show, but now I can't get enough.  I also really liked this Doctor.
B003U53KCM|5.0|The first season of lost was the greatest season of television in the 21st century. The second season does enough to keep the show fresh but not jump the shark. The show mixes things up by introducing another group of survivors and mixing them up with the original group. There are a few memorable characters, but sadly most of them don't last long.<br /><br />Season 2 also provides worthwhile payoffs by finally letting the characters enter the mysterious hatch. Rather than kill the mystery, this creates several new mysteries. The Hatch ends up testing the survivors in several ways, mentally and physically.<br /><br />However, what really makes season 2 work is the exploration of Locke's story. We learn much more about him. We see him struggle with his faith as he spends an increasing amount of time in the mysterious hatch. It's fascinating to see how he gained such purpose in his life from such miserable beginnings.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B009AMAGQM|5.0|Beautiful Creatures is a refreshing twist of the age old tale of young love, sacrifice and the battle between good and evil. When Ethan Wate, played by Alden Ehrenreich, meets a mysterious girl named Lena, he immediately falls for her. But Lena and her family have a secret. They are all Casters and when Lena turns 16 her powers will be claimed for the light or the dark. Will Lena be strong enough to change her fate, and will Ethan be strong enough to deal with what happens if she goes dark?<br /><br />I absolutely love Beautiful Creatures.  It is so aesthetically pleasing and the sets and costume design are beautiful. This is a far better film than I expected. It isn't just another teen romance, I believe it has something for everyone. There is quite a bit of humor in this film that is an unexpected bonus, as well as political and religious quips that I found quite entertaining. One thing that really makes this film stand out from the rest is that the main characters aren't visually perfect. They don't look like cut -outs from magazines. I found it extremely pleasing to see that there is more than looks to film stars. I love all the emotion in this film, it is definitely a tear jerker and it pulled at my heartstrings. I love that the acting in this movie. It really made me feel something beyond pure entertainment.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the relationship between Lena and Ethan because it feels very real and natural. My favorite character is Link, played by Thomas Mann, is by far the funniest character. He is Ethan's right hand man and is always cracking clever remarks and causing laughable moments. I love Thomas Mann from other films such as \\"Hansel and Gretel,\\" \\"Project X,\\" \\"Fun Sized\\" and other films, so I was pleasantly surprised when I saw him in this. He has a way of making an audience laugh at awkward moments which is perfect for this movie.<br />My favorite scene is when Ridley Duchannes comes to town. She is Lena's cousin who has become a dark Caster and is trying to assist her aunt in making sure Lena goes dark and she is quite the character. She pretty much does whatever she wants, whenever she wants and she brings an edgy quality to the quiet town where this movie takes place.<br /><br />I recommend Beautiful Creature for ages 13 and up. It is a bit mature for younger audiences but it is perfect for teens and adults. It will make you laugh, cry and want to fall in love. I give Beautiful Creatures 5 out of 5 stars so go check it out today! Reviewed by Raven D, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.<br /><br />Video Review available at kids first dot org.is trying to assist her aunt in making sure Lena goes dark and she is quite the character. She pretty much does whatever she wants, whenever she wants and she brings an edgy quality to the quiet town where this movie takes place.<br /><br />I recommend Beautiful Creature for ages 13 and up. It is a bit mature for younger audiences but it is perfect for teens and adults. It will make you laugh, cry and want to fall in love. I give Beautiful Creatures 5 out of 5 stars so go check it out today! Reviewed by Raven D, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.<br /><br />Video Review available at kids first dot org.
B001BC2ZS6|5.0|Heartbreaking, yes; but definitely a classic worth reading and re-reading.  Steinbeck is one of the great American writers, and his stories are gripping, heartbreaking, redeeming, and moving.
B00AREIAI8|4.0|just learning with my granddaughter.  shes nine and teaching me.  she loves it because she adores horses as I do.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|Fun game for the kids! My nine year old is addicted to this game. Recommended for all young children. A ++++++
B008220BLG|4.0|When we imagine a post-apocalyptic world, it usually includes a lot of broken down buildings, stray dogs and a bunch of raggedy and tough survivors, but rarely zombies! Warm Bodies, rated PG-13, is a hilarious look at what could be, a world in which humans are uncommon and zombies roam the land looking for fresh bodies to eat.<br /><br />This may not sound appealing, but according to KIDS FIRST! Film Critic, Raven D, it's actually quite hilarious. And if you aren't squeamish about the idea of zombies, then you might consider this film for some mid-winter entertainment. As a quirky romance / comedy / horror film, it stands to remind us of the true meaning of humanity and the importance of staying connected with others.<br /><br />Raven's video review is available at kidsfirst dot org.<br /><br />The newest addition to the Zombie, Romance, Comedy and Horror genre. I call it, a Zombromance, or a Zomedy! It's set in a post apocalyptic world consisting of zombies, bonies and a small population of humans. When a zombie named R (Nicholas Hoult) meets a Human girl named Julie, he starts to feel like there is more to life than just being the walking dead. He begins to cure himself, retrain himself to talk and become more human. He inspires more zombies to try to cure themselves, and slowly they begin to become more human. Will R and Julie defy the odds and stay together, or will the fact that one of them is a zombie keep them apart?<br /><br />I absolutely adore this movie. I will definitely see it over and over again. When I think of zombie movies I think of nasty rotting creatures and lots of blood and gore. Naturally the zombies eat people in this movie, but it is filmed in such a way that brought a sense of humor to the whole thing and the blood was very minimal. Even the zombies don't look that bad. In fact, Nicholas Hoult makes one attractive zombie! I like the lighting and sets in this film a lot. You can definitely tell that it is a post apocalyptic world, but the zombies still try to maintain somewhat consistent routines. I thought it was cool too see zombie security guards and janitors. Although they weren't doing much, you still got the sense that there was some humanity left in them.<br /><br />My favorite character is R because he is such a sweetheart. He goes against his urge to eat people to save Julie and he proves that he is more than just a mindless flesh eater. Even though he is relearning how to speak, he is still quite slow so he can only mutter out simple words and phrases. Nicholas Hoult does a fantastic job keeping this character dull and Zombie-like, while still giving glimpses of his emotions and personality. This movie shows that R still has completely normal thoughts, he just can't express them, as if he is trapped in his own mind. R voiced over most of the movie and it was hilarious to hear what he was thinking, compared to what he was actually able to do. He made me laugh even in more intense situations, making him my absolute favorite character.<br /><br />I can't say I have a favorite scene because this whole movie is incredibly well done. I do love all the times that R and his Zombie friend M or \\"Marcus\\" interact. They try to communicate and connect and it's so funny and touching to see their friendship show even though it's challenging for them to express it. I also really enjoy the seen when Julie (Teresa Palmer) and her friend Nora (Analeigh Tipton) give R a makeover. R is so reluctant to have makeup put on him, which I thought was funny because most teenage boys are. The music in this scene was particularly funny and entertaining and it is a memorable scene.<br /><br />I think there are so many underlying messages in this film, but the one that stands out to me most is that we need to take the time to connect with our surroundings and the people in our lives. In this film it shows a flashback to the world before the zombie outbreak, and R is saying that back then everyone could connect, but in the flashback everyone is on their phones texting or playing video games. It is a really strong reminder that we are so wired and constantly tuned into technology that we often forget to be with our family and connect with our loved ones.<br /><br />I recommend this film for ages 13 and up because teens and even adults will love this movie, but kids under the age of 13 may find it to be too mature. I give Warm Bodies 5 out of 5 stars so go check it out.<br /><br />Reviewed by Raven D, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.<br />Raven's video review may be found online at kidsfirst dot orglashback everyone is on their phones texting or playing video games. It is a really strong reminder that we are so wired and constantly tuned into technology that we often forget to be with our family and connect with our loved ones.<br /><br />I recommend this film for ages 13 and up because teens and even adults will love this movie, but kids under the age of 13 may find it to be too mature. I give Warm Bodies 5 out of 5 stars so go check it out.<br /><br />Reviewed by Raven D, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.<br />Raven's video review may be found online at kidsfirst dot org
B001F6TXME|5.0|It works as expected. The camera is limited so I bought a different remote with wireless capability. Hope it works as well.
B004DSX5B6|3.0|Tools are great, love the fact that they all lock in place so they don't accidentally close on your fingers,  but the lock release buttons are really hard to slide when you want to close it up.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|It is an awesome album! Adele is awesome! I am now enjoying it in my Kindle.where ever I am. yehey!
B009IRVSVQ|5.0|I bought this for my wife, she is a big fan of Bruno, and she just loves it.  Good value.
030758836X|1.0|Like some others before have mentioned, Ms. Flynn runs out of \\"steam\\" and plot twists three-quarters of the way through the book. By the time the end is in sight, we are simply annoyed at having been taken for a ride. Furthermore, her characters appear to have virtually no redeeming qualities, only vicious antisocial ones.  This book was a real waste of her [considerable] writing talent.
0525953728|5.0|I enjoyed reading the book a lot more than I enjoyed watching the movie &#34;Zero Dark 30.&#34;<br />The movie wasn't made from this book, but I enjoyed the details that the book offered.
B005LAII1C|1.0|Ok. I admit it: I love family guy. I love that humor that is sometimes cruel, sometimes silly, sometimes very out of place... always improper. But I didn't find much of it in Ted. I was expecting to LMAO watching this movie and, instead,  I giggled a couple of times... is that all there is? As a result, I found this movie to be VERY boring. I mean, nobody expects too much out of a comedy: just make me laugh and be done with it.... If you forget the laughing part.. what do you have? There are parts where the film tries to entertain, and it's even more miserable because of that... if it didn't try, at least it wouldn't be as pathetic... Halfway through the film, I looked at my bored wife.. she was falling asleep. I wasn't, but was bored as hell.... I asked: do you want to see what's on tv, instead (for the record, I would NEVER suggest that over watching a movie)? She said: no, we are here, let's see where this takes us... and it took us to another wasted hour.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|This is a repurchase because I broke the cover on my last one. If you want the best of MJ-this is the one to get!
B003JTHXOK|5.0|If I could give the book 10 stars, I would. Its so good, full of suspense, love and romance. Beautiful. :)
B003JTHXOK|5.0|This has been my favorite book by Sparks.. and I've almost read all of them. It's beautifully written and not predictable. I did not want to set it down.. I can't wait to see the movie and hope it can try to encompass this whole story. I doubt it though..
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|FIRST SAW THIS MOVIE AT THE THEATRE - TWICE & THEN BOUGHT THE DVD.<br /><br />I LOVED IT. MAINLY WENT TO SEE THE BEAUTIFUL SCENERY OF OAHU & KAUAI,BUT FOUND THE STORY & GEORGE CLOONEY AN ADDED BONUS. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS.
1401917232|5.0|Great news for Gary Renard fans.  Hay House confirmed today that the third book in Renard's trilogy about A Course In Miracles will be released on October 8th 2013.<br /><br />If its anything like the first two books,as I'm sure it will be, it will be fascinating and life-transforming.<br /><br />Here is a short extract from Gary's email:<br /><br />\\"Hi Friends,<br /><br />The third book in the Disappearance trilogy, Love Has Forgotten No One, is complete and will be released by my publisher, Hay House, on October 8th. I know for some of you eight months may seem like a long way off, but in the publishing business it's not. Hay House publishes a lot of books, and they've chosen an excellent time of year to release Love Has Forgotten No One. I'm very excited about how it came out. As you'll see in the book itself, there were forgiveness opportunities that led to its delay, but I think that makes it a better book.\\"
B00006AG5N|5.0|My wife loves elvis, im not to big of a fan, but the 30 tracks was perfect for her. She dances to it as often as she can, and it has just the right amount of hits to make her happy.
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|Great love story! Easy to read and very entertaining! REad it in a couple days because I couldn't put it down.
B009YQJ322|2.0|That was pretty much NOT a good movie.  I really liked the first one with Sly Stallone but this one was a struggle just to finish watching it all.  Hint - rent it, don't buy it!
B008Y2FRFO|5.0|Great game. tried this one day when looking for a new game. It is addictive. Can't. wait for coins to regenerate.
B004MC8CA2|2.0|I grew up on the KJV, but have outgrew it.The NIV is a much better translation. I work with Hebrew and Greek and am an archaeologist.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This game is the funniest game on my kindle. the mystery boxes are awesome and I play it all the time.
140053271X|5.0|Great product, easy to use and set up--after comparing pros and cons this was the one for me. I especially liked that I could download books from my community library and other sites. I wasn't tied just to a brand name download. Shipped quickly too.
B00B2V66VS|3.0|I would download the game on my kindle fire and the first time it would let me play it. then when I exit the game and then try to play it again it would go back to my home screen! It's so frustrating!
B007J4T2G8|5.0|I loved this book, can't wait to read the second one.......fell in love with Christine Grey<br />Go buy it. It's a must read
B00APUYWYA|3.0|Love the music.  The voices are great. The story line has a lot to be desired. Not sure there is much of one.
B004GHNIRK|3.0|Having see the stage production & listened to the musical for years, I wanted to read the novel; something I had never done. However, I found it to be very laborious. It is hard to follow and starts slow.
B004OZZ624|3.0|Entertaining movie. Points were a little unrealistic and somehow the emotional drama parts seemed too outlandish and not how a real couple would react, but eh, it was thrilling at points.
B00APUYWYA|5.0|Funny group of girls plus romance plus talent. The musical version of Mean Girls in a way... What's not to love?
B006MW3V6U|5.0|This series is something a family can get in to watching without too much concern.  It's hard to find non violent shows that a whole family with &#34;older children&#34; can watch. Not sure young ones would be interested or understand plots and there are discussions of war and death.  Still watching.
B000068IEU|4.0|Last House on the Left(1972) is a bone crunching 1970's exploitation film directed by Wes Craven. The film's tone is all over the place. It goes from silly to shocking to sad to violent! A mild mannered couple hunt a gang leader after he rapes and kills their daughter! Wes Craven was trying to shock people living in the Nixon era. Last House on the Left was put on the UK's \\"Video Nasties\\". This film was remade in 2008 or so with Sara Paxton. Last House on the Left is similar to Sam Peckinpah's violent drama Straw Dogs(1971). A young Martin Kove plays a police officer in the film. Last House on the Left is classic exploitation.
B005LAJ16I|5.0|Complete first season on Blue Ray for a great price.  Gave to my husband for Christmas.  Will definitely purchase season 2 as soon as it's released.
B009NPK1IO|5.0|I would recommend this whole series to basically all females, soem of the boys would love it too. It was a great last season and show in general.
1597801585|4.0|The setting is Bangkok, the capital of the Thai Kingdom, one of not so many surviving countries from the apocalypse. The sea level is rising, crops were destroyed by genetically modified plant disease and pest. And Thai survived because of the visionary leadership of Her Royalty. The story is told from four POV: an undercover company agent sent to Thailand to uncover the secret of Thailand reserve of gene, a Malaysian Chinese refugee who left his country because of religious riots, a Thai environmental police enforcer, and finally a windup girl, a genetically modified human.<br /><br />I think I want to explain a little bit about the word \\"windup\\". \\"Windup\\" is an action that you do when you turn the spring to power a clock, like the key that you turn for a windup toys. Windup girl is a nickname because of the movement she made, which is like a windup toys, a tick-tock movement. They are created that way.<br /><br />The detail in this novel is very engaging. The writer's imagination of the post-oil world is very vivid. Coal and gas are extremely rare. The only form of energy that you can depend on is muscle power. The author shows you the world from the POV characters slowly, without giving you too much information dump. The story is told in a very personal way, not from a bird eye view. So you will have to create your own picture of the world, then finally you realize the kind of world they are living in.<br /><br />The plot is quite complex, you have lots of intrigue, one character played against another character. There are no real protagonist and antagonist. Everyone is for their own agenda and survival. And all of their fate is tangled in the middle of this creature, the windup girl. Finally, what this novel all about, is survival. We all fight to survive, in our own way, in our own term.<br /><br />I am also impressed by the usage of many language in this book. You have Thais, Chinese, even Malay. The author used the word: kopi, nasi goreng, and rambutan. Actually rambutan has a very important plot point is this novel. The author is really doing his homework .<br /><br />Finally, this novel is important because it is a front runner of a new apocalyptic and dystopian theme. We are going to see more sci-fi novels in this theme in the future. The nuclear war scare are pretty much behind us. Now we have environmental problem, energy crisis, terrorism, maybe an impending religious war, at least in small scale. It is beautifully (or scarily) captured by the author.<br /><br />There is one thing that I love most about this novel: the political statement of the writer. In this novel, the Thai government violated the international law of intellectual right to the people. Go to hell with the patent law, if they keep people poor and dying, because they do not have enough money to access genetically enhance crops or medicine.<br /><br />Final verdict: a strong 4 star. I am still not drag into the story. Lack the final zest.lly rambutan has a very important plot point is this novel. The author is really doing his homework .<br /><br />Finally, this novel is important because it is a front runner of a new apocalyptic and dystopian theme. We are going to see more sci-fi novels in this theme in the future. The nuclear war scare are pretty much behind us. Now we have environmental problem, energy crisis, terrorism, maybe an impending religious war, at least in small scale. It is beautifully (or scarily) captured by the author.<br /><br />There is one thing that I love most about this novel: the political statement of the writer. In this novel, the Thai government violated the international law of intellectual right to the people. Go to hell with the patent law, if they keep people poor and dying, because they do not have enough money to access genetically enhance crops or medicine.<br /><br />Final verdict: a strong 4 star. I am still not drag into the story. Lack the final zest.
B0009QBLA8|3.0|Boy, this is going to be fun. Eraserhead(1977) is a black and white film about a man who is unprepared to be a husband and a father. David Lynch tells the story in a weird, surreal, crazy format. This makes Twin Peaks(1992) look \\"normal\\". We used to have an Eraserhead magnet stuck to our icebox. Eraserhead is very avante-garde. It does not feel like a conventional Hollywood movie. Eraserhead may have been referenced in El Mariachi(1992). I can't tell you guys what to think of Eraserhead. Watch it and come up with your own opinion.
B007SYWFRM|5.0|it is a good fun game.my son and I like playing it every day.I recamend it to every one.I just move playing it
B004KPS90E|2.0|I'll admit that I didn't see the preceding 2 movies, so I was a little lost about the continuity, but overall I was pretty disappointed by this one. I thought some of the murder gags were too overdone. Also, the general picture quality reminded me of a made for TV movie.
B008X9Z3UC|5.0|Just what was requested as a Christmas gift for a new Kindle birthday present.<br />Excitement on his face was my reassurance the gift was perfect.
B008YRVW0I|5.0|It like putting together an aquarium. Gain so many points  rewards to get fish,decorations,tank,and food for the cushion. Five stars shows LOVE for the gain
B00821OX98|5.0|AWESOME SHOW! CAN NOT WAIT FOR 2ND SEASON TO START. I WILL WATCH IT AS SOON AS IT COMES OUT.
B005HEXOWK|3.0|This episode, Ep. 22 \\"Homestead\\" has no sound effects and no music, as if those sound tracks were never transferred from whatever source material.  The other episode are fine; I don't understand why they would sell this one as it is.
B003Y5H54W|4.0|I like the soundtrack in this film, especially Wolf. I am a fan of Amanda Seyfreid and Billy Burke. I like Catherine hardwicke as a director. I especially liked the &#34;I didn't see that one coming&#34; climactic ending of the film.
B009KS4XRO|5.0|Games are my thing. Bingo is fun . I just want to win. Score five stars because I love working my mind and seeing how fast I can respond.
B007IXWKUK|5.0|Once again I was obsessed with this book! It's not just a sappy sex crazed love story it actually has a real and eventful storyline that makes for an awesome read. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a good love story with a twist of kink in it. I cannot wait to start the final installment. Happy reading!
B006MW3UZW|5.0|Great follow-on to Season 1. Brings the story line forward with some new twists. Loved it! THere is much more depth and insight into the characters.
B00B7G3NFU|5.0|This movie was funny and upbeat, very enjoyable to watch.  The acting was excellent and the characters were endearing.  I found it to be an excellent film.
B000024KRO|5.0|Recently-departed Deep Purple keyboardist Jon Lord once described \\"Purpendicular\\" - the band's first album after legendary guitarist Ritchie Blackmore's permanent divorce from the band - as being one of the five best Deep Purple albums. The fact that the band's elder statesman put this album in the same class as \\"In Rock,\\" \\"Machine Head,\\" \\"Made in Japan\\" and \\"Perfect Strangers\\" is a testament to its strength.<br />Steve Morse's lyrical guitar work is wisely spotlighted on \\"Purpendicular\\" (at the time, only the second Deep Purple studio album not to feature Blackmore on guitar). Lead singer Ian Gillan once described Morse's work, comparing and contrasting him with Blackmore, saying Morse is \\"the complete technician; this is all well and good, but unless you can fit that talent and skill into a group of people, it's meaningless.\\"<br />Each lick and riff tells a story, blending solidly with Lord's organ, Roger Glover's bass, Ian Paice's drums and Gillan's always-potent vocals. The lyrics he belts out on the album are some of his deepest and most sentimental, belying his heavy metal howl - 'Loosen My Strings' is the standout track, treading a fine line between personal ballad and remorseless rock n' roll diary. Tracks like 'Cascades: I'm Not Your Lover,' the adventurous 'The Aviator,' 'Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming,' and the surprisingly effective love song 'A Touch Away' showcase Purple branching out farther than they had - in the right direction - on any of their last three albums with Blackmore. Meanwhile the likes of 'Ted the Mechanic,' 'Somebody Stole My Guitar,' and 'Hey Cisco,' by contrast, find Deep Purple loosening up and enjoying themselves, crafting some solid compositions with superb musicianship.<br />Never again would a Deep Purple album enter the Billboard 200, but as long as they were producing such marvelous work as this, everything would be alright for one of heavy metal's most influential pioneers.
B008OTTSX4|3.0|It is what it is. I bought this with interest awhile ago, since I've been a huge fan of Deep Purple since '72. So.... I've had plenty of time to digest this album, I found it interesting at first but not something I am going to play often, I would much rather listen to the Roger Glover remixed version of the original on the 40th Anniversary Deluxe edition. The one exception here though is Chickenfoot's live rendition of \\"Highway Star\\". A killer version, I don't know how Joe fills in the Jon Lord solo's but he does. I listen to this everyday in the car. Check out the video of this online. The members of Black Country Communion, Metallica and Steve Vai give good performances too. But, if I was going to make a tribute to a classic hard masterpiece such as Machine Head, I think I would have enlisted the likes of some of the big names in modern hard rock such as Soundgarden, Godsmack, Shinedown, Disturbed  etc.......... I bet the outcome would have been better.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|British TV at its best, top notch cast, crew, production this ones a wiinner.<br />Has just enough plot twists and turns with out becoming a soap!
1423151054|5.0|Love it! It is awesome, Luckly I have it. They are real collectable books, You will not be regret, have it now! ;)
B008JOLG7U|4.0|I have enjoyed this album by Ms. JLO. It did bring back some memories. I wished that she had put different remixes of her former hits than the ones on the CD. But it was worth the $5 I spent on it. I doubt if I would have bought it if it was any higher than that.
0375869026|5.0|I read \\"Wonder\\" to my fifth grade classes in elementary school.  Next year, they will be going to a middle school along with students from three other area schools.  These children will be meeting many new students and seeing many new faces.  I felt the compassion and empathy they shared/showed/learned from hearing and discussing this book will be invaluable next year as they make choices about new friends based on first or second impressions.  My students were incredibly thoughtful in their comments.  I felt the many points of view of the characters in the book made the children understand how everyone involved with August felt and thought.  I am very happy I took the time to read this story to my students.  It was well worth the time investment.
1609611543|5.0|I don't have celiac disease or hypoglycemia (blood sugar issues), nor any other health issues for that matter, but I wanted to try eating wheat-free for a few months to see if it would help with my skin breakouts, mental fogginess after a healthy, whole-grain breakfast, digestion sluggishness, bloated feeling after eating, etc. Truthfully, I was pretty skeptical, but after reading the book, what Dr. Davis says in it makes a lot of sense. After 10 weeks of wheat-free eating (about 95%, as I can't always avoid it when eating away from home), I can definitely say I'm no longer skeptical. I haven't had ANY skin breakouts, bloated feeling after eating, poor digestion or mental fogginess, so there's something to this wheat-free eating! I haven't missed wheat in the least, either, as many gluten-free foods are made with other grains I like just as much. Read this book and see the positive changes for yourself. I'm surprised that it's helped me feel alot better, so it's definitely worth the read. What have you got to lose?
B0036UO56G|5.0|all time favorit movie 10 stars on my list top of the line tear jerker in everyway. need to see it
B00BCG1ZQO|5.0|I liked the twist with the men of letters and the whole having a base concept.  Will they actually start building a team of hunters and get organized?  Maybe throw a woman of two in there?  This has potential.  Keeping on rocking!
B009YP9L7U|5.0|Thus book was a funny yet serious love story with a lots of challenges for this couple. Really Great book!
B00A7OJ0DC|5.0|If you grew up in the 80s and have lived the feeling of the arcade games, this movie is definetifely made for you! I love the movie, it makes a lot of fun to watch it. My other farourite movie from Disney / Pixar is this one [...]
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies. It arrived quickly, and nothing wrong with it. It was perfect for me!
1419705849|4.0|Bought it for my nephew and he absolutely loves the book. He cannot wait for the next book to come out.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|temple run 2 us a new way that u a explore and run faster. and that can slide ;duck turn and u can also go under in to a new world were it is under ground! !!'  GO GET TEMPLE TODAY RIGHT NOW!!!!!
B004529NKM|3.0|I have watched the movies backward, which means i started with this one http://amzn.to/YR5Xxu which is the latest movie of the step up movies. Step up 3 has compared with the other a really flat story. The dancers and the choreographies are great and have a lot of stunning moves implemented. If you like the other movies you will like this one to. It is really worth to watch it.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Great for knowing an idea what the weather will be like 15 days out, if only the weather people were a lol better at getting it right. Lol
B007ZGO7EM|5.0|This app does exactly what I need it to do. I like the large buttons and basic functions on the kindle fire.
B008GATQ1A|1.0|Have always loved the story and sent it to my grandson. I was very disappointed to fond out it was a tiny version. This should be clearly stated in the description since I thought I was sending him the full size version with the fold out ladder
B005HSG3TC|5.0|The cover was better than I had expected  .It is very handy.  I am very impressed with the appearance.  The elastic band is very useful.
B001ANSSDC|5.0|An amazingly great story told through the eyes of someone with a Mental Illness. Put a new and interesting perspective on relationships. I definitely recommend this book.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|I first tried the free version and was happy with it but this one is great. It is very versatile and has many applications that you use day to day. This is a very good App and i would recommend this one to all.
B007SGLZP8|3.0|This is not one of Grisham's better books, it starts out rather slow and took me a while to really get into the book.
B00A9T1HUO|5.0|I have several Josh Groban CDs and his music is incredible.  This CD is amazing.  The lyrics are beautiful, haunting and inspiring.  Each song brings something different and magical.  If you appreciate real talent, don't miss this CD.
B006Y5H74W|5.0|Smash has become one of my favorite shows. As a musician and lover of the theatre, this series is fantastic. I love how they break out into song every so often!
B005LJKEXS|5.0|This item arrived on time and in good condition. It is made of great material and functions well. I use this cable to extend from my laptop to printer and to extend my HP webcam from laptop. I would definitely recommend this product to all.
B00280LYHS|5.0|This is a great book, and sadly the last book of the Percy Jackson series! BUT the next series I expect to be better...
B0072OFM28|5.0|Quite an exciting series.  I did not think it would live up to season one or the prequal.  Happily proven wrong again!
B007IXWKUK|5.0|I loved this book. Definitely recommend everyone to read.<br />I couldn't put the book down. It's so addicting. Great job to the author.
B00ACB9Z3U|5.0|I love it so much I cried. still crying now. It was so funny I almost died from hard laughing
B007IXWL2C|5.0|This has been my fourth time reading the trilogy. I can't recommend these books enough!! Every one should have someone that is their Christian Grey.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|I love this game and play it all the time.  My wife even started playing it.  Now we pass the Kindle back and forth taking turns.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Best book I have read in years.  Beautifully written and teaches us to be brave with our beliefs.  Beliefs are not right just because most of the people think they are.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I love it so much I cried. still crying now. It was so funny I almost died from hard laughing
B00B2V66VS|5.0|temple run 2 is a billion times better then normal temple run there should be a temple run 3 coming out soon
014050639X|5.0|This whimsical play on words of the favored nursery rhymes including the search for all of your favorite characters. Right up to the end where they have a picnic together. Love, love, love this book!
B008JGSM6G|5.0|very good time waster. gets the brain thinking and is addicting! its fun to try to go back and get all stars one you complete the levels
B003L77G6A|5.0|I love it so much I cried. still crying now. It was so funny I almost died from hard laughing
B0090X4GLW|5.0|Listening to this soundtrack takes you right back to the scenes in the movie & we love to re-create the songs & scenes with family & friends.  Lots of fun.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I play this game a pretty fair amount.  Its graphically strong, the controls are simple and you can easily compete against friends.  Although the comp aspect is tied to facebook.  Bottom line i have a bunch of games on my kindle fire, im always coming back to this one.
B00AQ3K8IU|4.0|Not exactly the feel good book that I was looking for, but the title should have warned me of that.<br /><br />Great page turner though.  I never read the synopsis, so I had no idea what to expect.  I read the book in just a few days.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|I love it so much I cried. still crying now. It was so funny I almost died from hard laughing
B000NTPDSW|5.0|If you haven't seen these movies you have deprived yourself of the best movies ever conceived about &#34; this thing of ours&#34; These are top rate in every way.
B00A6D5GBE|5.0|This app is so awesome. Its really fun and interesting. I just love the game because its hard but very very very fun at the same time. This game is probably my favorite game that I have so far.
B00785P2QC|5.0|A really good simulation game if you like to build and own your own land.<br />G5 Is one good gaming suit
0811870413|5.0|Can't get enough of the bread from this book.  It gives ample instruction on how to make a fantastic loaf of bread.  The sourdough waffles are the best waffles ever made.
B004EPYZSU|4.0|This movie had so many stars in it I had to give it a look see. It is truly a unique movie. If you like the stars and you like westerns and you like sci fi then this movie is right up your alley.
B008Y1RTUG|4.0|Though I was still upset that this movie changed the names and ideas of some characters. It was better than other recent re-makes of snow white.
B009AMANBA|5.0|Lincoln is a really good movie, but the story could have been a little better. Why? Well, a couple a things are missin'. One: They could have shown us a scene were some guy shot Lincoln in the back of the head. secondly: They could have a scene were authorities track down the killer and kill him. That's what I was expecting when I went and saw it in theaters. It's a little disappointing, but still it's a really good movie though. I can't go wrong with it. I'll will be getting the DVD when it comes out.
B008FYZIVY|5.0|We love Downton Abbey.  Worth purchasing to be able to watch again whenever we want to.  Both my wife and I enjoy the show and are able to connect well with the characters.
B000FSME1A|5.0|This one is from long ago but it is still a great movie if you like movies about the nature of the human condition during a time of war and conflict. Well acted and directed. A true classic.
B009KHBDUU|4.0|True to the awesome movies Johnny Depp stars in, this one does not disappoint at all!! Funny and entertaining. Would recommend seeing it.
B00A3NQNUU|5.0|Lots of fun but you have to purchase gems - you cannot earn them - you have to use real money and that's a major drawback.
B008Q0D9DG|4.0|Not for the entire family, but absolutely hilarious! A great way to begin the baseball season... watching a feel good baseball movie....
B00AYB0TOW|4.0|This movie is what that other Judge Dredd / Demolition Man movie should have been.  If you've been missing episodes of The Wire and also those old Dirty Harry movies you'll probably like Dredd.  A very dark, violent action movie this is not one for the kids.  It is however well done, keeps you engaged and I think you'll enjoy the characters.  Especially the guy playing Dredd and the criminal who was the top dog drug kingpin from The Wire.  Well worth the $3.99 to rent this.
B007SSDDWE|2.0|This could have been a really good movie, but felt simply like a rip off of every movie like it....
B006MW3UZW|5.0|incredibly well written.  Seems very historically accurate.  love the character development and the acting is superb. This makes me thankful for PBS!!!
B005HED11Y|4.0|It is the original series, how does it get anybetter than this? Since cildhood I have enjoyes the series and still do.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|It shipped on time and was a gift, this is a very inspiring story.  Very good story and one not to miss.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|In this season you truly become invested in the characters. They will continue to surprise you though, and it is so much fun to anticipate what will happen next. Enjoy!
B0054SMID0|5.0|Very entertaining movie &#34;all the way through&#34; to dramatic ending.  This role seems to be made for MM as he makes his character seem so real life and in tune to his surroundings.  A movie you will want to watch more than once and will invite your friends over to watch.  I know I have.  Great movie and nice quality through Amazon...
B0095P33IW|4.0|I love super hero flicks and this was the entry into the new Avengers movie which I loved also. Enjoyed it.
B005J2V74C|4.0|While predictable, this film is good for a few jumps and jolts.  The pacing is good and the entertainment value is decent.
B000TBI40I|4.0|That's a realy good LP, but hard to find a good and not so much used LP... have a good look - often you don't see the scratches....(and not overpay this LP). Songs a very fine, but I don't need Old Brown Shoe or the &#34;Ballade...&#34;, but other people like this songs, so feel free to hear it all the beautiful songs from Beatles.
B00992CF6W|3.0|it is hard to find things and animals wear out on the kindle pocket edition. otherwise the game is fun
B005DWA5KK|2.0|Turned it off after 5 minutes watching it. Old style movie with no sound just music in backround with subtitles
B00B2V66VS|5.0|I have nothing bad to say about this game. I had only recently started playing the original Temple Run and was pleasantly surprised to like it so much. So I decided to try this 2nd version and love it even more! It's easy to get lost in.
B0026S1XD2|3.0|I like the newer version of this CD much better.<br />But because I like Mike Oldfield very much I will keep this CD in my collection.<br /><br />Roman
B004QX07G4|5.0|Iabsolutly love this book. I watch Ellen every day and she writes like she talks. It's like she's in the room with you. Great for giving you a lift at the end of the day.
030758836X|1.0|The concept was very interesting and hooked me but the vulgar language and pervasive crude sexual references were unnecessary and disgusting. I'm a 43 year old woman who hasn't exactly lived a sheltered life and I've been married for 17 years. The way sex was described in this book make me nauseous. Is Gillian a wannabe 17 year old virgin boy?? That's how it's written - pathetic.<br /><br />This plot of this book was like a beautifully presented meal but with a long, curly hair on top. Why do authors think they have to be so crude - ugh. I had to know the ending (plus I couldn't get a refund) but hated myself for it. I'm going back to the young adult genre where I don't have to worry about being mentally - verbally and sexually assaulted or reading the \\"f\\" word every other minute.
B009G8GRX6|3.0|certain tracks are great.  unique sound that's both new and vintage Muse.  better than The Resistance but overall falls short of expectations.
B00004T9AS|3.0|It could be better.<br />But I like Mike Oldfield very much so I have to keep this CD in my collection.<br /><br />Roman
B001P5HI4A|5.0|Quality of CD is excellent.  This has to be my very favorite movie. I watch it often.  Thanks so very much.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|this app has made my boring average day life much more exciting itnis amazing what people can do with just an average app
B007M45PMU|4.0|bought the album from only hearing &#34;Ho Hey&#34; and very happy to have it.  tracks are great even though their genre is not among my favorites
B006LSZECO|2.0|There are big holes in the plot.  Don't want to give too much away, but I don't like plots that are founded on the fictional stupidity of the police.  It's a cop-out.  Also, I'm sure some of the parents who were wronged would have demanded follow-up investigations, autopsies, and so on.
B001UTW7QU|4.0|I loved X files and this is just a modern version. I think season 2 should be on instant prime!!!!
B00B2V66VS|5.0|Love it! Better then the first one!  Works well on my kindle. Can not stop playing this game! Best download ever!
B00973DDN2|2.0|buy the singles and save yourself from the whole album.  does not get the job done and i regret purchasing it
1619691884|5.0|I highly admire Christopher Hitchens and this book, in audio format, was just as great as I expected.  Should be required reading for all in the medical field who might come in contact with the dying, or recently healthly, terminal cancer patient, or just anyone seeking insight into the thought processes as one contemplates the end of life.
