B00000J7JO|5.0|This CD has everything. I can't even describe how much love I have for this album. I have so many memories listening to this album, and I always remember them listening to the CD. It features one of the best songs-never-to-be-released-as-a-single on it (Easily), and a mix of songs that will make you listen to the CD over and over straight through. It's just that good!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|this album iz realli good!<BR>dont pay attentio to those people that say this is s**t......they havent even listened to the album!!!<BR>GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!GO BRITNEY!!!!!
B00011RPB0|4.0|This is sort of maybe Scarlett Johansson's breakout piece, as Ghost World sort of was for Thora Birch, while Scarlett was the sidekick. As Thora Birch was the sidekick to whatsername in American Beauty. There's sort of a progression here in the maturity level of the young girl-&gt;older guy dynamic. As these three movies have progressed in sophistication, the leading young ladies have also progressed. Scarlett Johannson is just mezmerizing, and Lost in Translation is more subtle and natural the Ghost World; and it makes American Beauty look so awkward and clumsy by comparison you just gotta cringe from the memories. This movie is about two people who just can't connect with their own lives, but who come to find one another through sheer chance, or fate or whatever. They temporatily shelve their ennui, and learn to live a little. Nothing shocking takes place, this is no Last Tango in Paris, which is part of what's so good. It's sort of saying that the biggest crises are in life's quiet desperations, not big obvious life defining moments. I like that message. Did I need to watch an hour and a half of gloomy dialogue and grotesque culture attack just to get the message? No, but two great actors, better than Spacey-whatsername, or Birch-Buscemi, made this movie cozy and entertaining.
B00006AUIG|4.0|Session 9 was an intense relentlessly terrifying film. The movie takes place in an abandonded insane Asylum. Four workers take on the project of restoring the place before a one week dead line. Many of the men working on the project desperately need the money making this job stressful and tiring. During the film the viewer begins to question the sanity of two of the characters in the film. We don't find out until the end if the old institution is causing psychological problems in the men are if one of the men are simply crazy to begin with. The film is shot with a different kind of film(Not like most films are shot these days) I don't now the technical term for it but its almost has a high quality handheld camera feeling. The music in the movie is really creepy and helps make some of the scene's scare factor go up. Though most of the film relies on mostly pychological terror there is some gore towards the end. The movie was well acted and the characters were believable. In short this is a good movie with some scenes that are very terrifing and disturbing with a ending that is both surprising and frightning. This is Definantly not a film for the faint of heart.
B00018D44U|3.0|I love Norah's voice. I like her music. I liked &quot;Come Away with Me&quot;. This is a good CD, but geez, it's basically a &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; repeat with a country vibe going on. It's alright. Not something you should fall all over yourself running to the music store to buy.
0790744295|4.0|In this creepy, rollicking eerie horror film based on the macabre 1950's E.C. Comics, the \\"Masters of Terror\\", George A. Romero(\\"Night of the Living Dead\\") and Stephen King(author of \\"The Shining) bring tons of fun to the proceedings with five shocking yarns of trembling fear! <br />There's a huge talented cast, great animated segues and inexhaustible camera angles and lighting effects based verily on the comics. The stories might sound a bit heavy-handed, but are all entertaining and eerie.<br />The first tale is called FATHER'S DAY. This terribly gloomy story has a murdered elderly man emerging from his grave to wreak havoc on his family members while celebrating Father's Day. It's pretty spooky and well acted but not the best story so far.<br />The second entry is more funny then scary. It's called THE LONESOME DEATH OF JORDY VERRILL. Quite amusingly, Stephen King plays the dimwitted lead character, Jordy, who discovers a meteor in his farm. His stupidity causes the meteor to mysteriously grow weeds everywhere... and shockingly to himself! The story was pretty fun, but wasn't really scary as the other stories. King was great, though.<br />SOMETHING TO TIDE YOU OVER, the third one, was probably the best acted. A scheming and sinister husband, played by veteran Leslie Nielson, plants two lovers up to their necks in a beach. But he gets the last laugh!! Ha-Ha! Probably the second best story; it had a scary climax.<br />In my opinion, the fourth story, THE CRATE, was the best. It was also the longest. A janiter uncovers a mysterious crate hidden in a campus basement. What's inside is a creature from hell! The scary feature was the monster. The story was well-acted and crafted. It was also the bloodiest.<br />The fifth entry, THEY'RE CREEPING UP ON YOU, is the weakest story. Almost a left over to end the movie, but nonetheless still OK. A ill-disposed millionaire, who dreads bugs, becomes the prey of a cockroach army. E.G Marshall is excellent as the lead. (There's also a mini-segment which starts and ends the movie with a odd boy who uses his mean dad as a voodoo doll! Great stuff.)<br />Boy, what a demented movie. I remember seeing this film as child and CREEPSHOW still gives me the \\"creeps\\"! Get the DVD, (it was a bargain for me!). The DVD has no special features, but the movie is a ghoulishly made treat for the whole family! Ok, maybe not for everybody. One of my favorite horror films though!
0767802470|5.0|This film is amazing.  <br />I served in the US Navy's submarine force, and Petersen's movie is the closest you can get to being in a sub without actually signing enlistment papers.  This is one of the few war movies that is not relentlessly propagandistic.  Petersen presents a story of humans--not stereotypes, not jingoistic misrepresentations of sailors.  By the end of the film, you'll probably find yourself cheering for the Kriegsmarine crew, or at least hoping that they get home safely.  As an American, raised after World War Two, I grew up with nothing but negative images and stereotypes of WWII Germany and Germans.  Petersen and his cast do an amazing job of breaking through those representations and portraying a story of young, proud men who defy the odds and the elements and do what they perceive of as their duty, even though they find no glory--just despair.  <br />I would recommend that you read Herbert Werner's memoir Iron Coffins in addition to watching this movie, especially if you are unfamiliar with the Battle of the Atlantic.  Also, after the end of the movie, you should go outside, stand in the sunshine, and be glad that you are.
B0000VAFO0|2.0|it's moments of lucidity can get pretty good, but this movie suffers from trying to weave too complex a plot.  In addition, it frequently makes no sense and frequently looks like a game being played in &quot;god&quot; mode as characters never run of ammo, go to bullet-time, and actually use the drawn-out villain explanations to, ohmygosh, well, I geuss I won't spoil it for you. Suffice to say, none of these villains could take out Captain Obvious. No one acts like this unless they are reading a script. No one.  Maybe pro wrestlers. . . .<br />Nothing in this struck me as new or fresh, just rehashed death scenes and ridiculously present mood music.  Goth to be goth, for nothing else.<br />Is it just me, or does it look like they ran out of money for the final fight scene?<br />Check out Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere (book beats film) for a much deeper story, characters, and your own choice of mood music.
B00008DDSC|5.0|The movie deserves 5 stars just for originality and though it falls apart towards the end (losing much of the credibility), it builds up so much momentum early on, that it does make it, albeit limping, to the finishline.  Keep an open mind while watching, and you're in for a fun ride.  That's all I wanted to add to the 100+ positive reviews preceding mine.<br />Now, concerning the DVD itself, I'm rather disappointed in the lack of extras.  The director's commentary is a nice addition, but he keeps mentioning shooting extended versions of many scenes in the movie, some of which he claims are hilarious, yet there are no deleted scenes on this DVD.
0060090367|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book and highly recommend it.  This book is written in Claire's voice.  I loved reading her thoughts as she thought them.  It was as if I would be thinking the same thing.  I can't remember another book that displayed a character's thoughts in the same manner.<br />In addition to listening to Claire's thoughts, I loved the story and her internal struggle of deciding what she really wanted, and what she really believed.  It was hard to put this one down, even after I was done reading it.
B00018D44U|5.0|Norah it remains to you to put Quebec city  on your list.Nightingales stand by........<br />1,2,8,9,13 are my favorites
B0000AQS0F|5.0|That was great.  Just...great.  It was Farscape kicked up a notch.  I would recommend it to anyone.  I am made very sad that it won't be back.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|I saw this film before Christmas and loved it!  What great casting, all the great contemporary British actors are it this one.  Hugh Grant plays a charming somewhat Tony Blairish Prime Minister with a great message.  The film is endearing, sweet, loveable and very humorous.  This is definitely a purchase for me!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Even though we are only two months into 2004, I can safely say with the most confidence that this WILL be one of the hottest cds, if not THE hottest cd of 2004. Seriously, this is a must-have! The skits are hilarious and the beats are hypnotizing. As a rapper, he's no Tupac, Biggie, Eminem, or Andre3000.  However, he's created his own style that makes you want to hear more. Buy this cd. You won't be disappointed!
B0000029DD|5.0|I rarely give 5 stars for anything these days, but it would be an injustice if i didn't give Jeff Buckleys Grace the accolade it deserves. I can not believe i paid AUS$10 for it. The most beautifully paced, written and emotionally driven album i have ever heard, with not one track lagging behind. Jeff handles the Leonard Cohen penned Hallelujah with aplomb and Corpus Christi Carol is without a doubt his best vocal performance. Last Goodbye is a magnificent achievement for a young songwriter and even the tracks before it in Mojo Pin and Grace probably outshine this effort. Eternal Life shows Buckleys alternate rock side whilst Dream Brother is as spine tingling as the lyrics suggest, perhaps more meaning with his late father more than anything. This is a recommended buy, no matter what your musical tastes, this is one recording that will stay in your CD deck for a very very long time.<br />&quot;Eternal life is now on my trail, got my red glitter coffin man, just need one last nail&quot;
B00005JMJ4|4.0|If you are reading these reviews in the hope that you will be able to make up your mind whether to buy this movie or not, chances are you are completely confused. Is this the greatest movie of 2003 or an over-hyped joke? Well I'm here to say it's both. But I can't tell you who will love this movie and who will hate it. And it's definitely a \\"love it or hate it movie.\\"<br /><br />  I agree it is not a typical \\"Hollywood\\" movie, and for me that's its highest selling point. Do I think that because I loved this movie that I am somehow better or wiser than people that didn't? No. I think I found a lot to relate to in this movie and they didn't. End of story. Let me share something I learned as an undergrad art major: ART IS SUBJECTIVE. Some people like Picasso's work, some people hate it. Most people like Monet because \\"the colors are pretty.\\" But does that mean Picasso wasn't a 20th Century master or that Monet was a hack because he looks good over people's couches? Absolutely not! It can be the same with film. Not everyone is going to like the same movies. I don't think it's the movie's fault that it got over-hyped. Welcome to America. The media over-hypes everything. Either you will find things you relate to in this and thus you \\"get\\" the film or you don't relate to anything, and you don't \\"get\\" it. It has nothing to do with being a more intelligent or a more cultured movie-goer in my opinion. It has more to do with a person's individual life experiences as to whether this movie makes an impression or not. So how can I tell someone they will love this movie unless I know what their experiences have been?<br /><br />So back to the main question; should you buy this movie? Well that's a tough one. If you are a fan of Bill Murray from his past comedy movies, I would say no or maybe rent the film first so you're only out $4-$5 if you are part of the \\"hated it\\" group. Hey, I liked \\"What About Bob\\" but still loved this movie, so who knows. If you generally like foreign films, I think you will appreciate the way this movie was done. I think it has more in common with some of the French films I've seen than with most American films. It seems that the people that say they can't understand the hype got caught up in it themselves and went in with extremely high expectations. The problem with high expectations is greater disappointment when the film doesn't meet those expectations. All I can say is to expect a very different movie, expect to laugh a little, expect to see two people be a little lost that use each other to feel a little found. I can't promise you'll love it, but it never hurts to expand your viewing horizons every now and then. There is something to be taken from the movies we hate, too. Rent it and make up your own mind. Personally, I enjoyed it and plan to buy.think you will appreciate the way this movie was done. I think it has more in common with some of the French films I've seen than with most American films. It seems that the people that say they can't understand the hype got caught up in it themselves and went in with extremely high expectations. The problem with high expectations is greater disappointment when the film doesn't meet those expectations. All I can say is to expect a very different movie, expect to laugh a little, expect to see two people be a little lost that use each other to feel a little found. I can't promise you'll love it, but it never hurts to expand your viewing horizons every now and then. There is something to be taken from the movies we hate, too. Rent it and make up your own mind. Personally, I enjoyed it and plan to buy.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I'll be honest... I've had this cd on bootleg off the street for a week and it's INSANE. I went out and bought it anyway. Kanye played no games on this LP. To explain how sick this cd is would take a long review that i don't really wanna write. I will say this... the beats are spectacular, the lyrics are tremendous for a rookie artist (i sense a hint of Jay-Z's style, possible ghostwriting but regardless) Kanye is this year's 50 Cent in that every1 knew about him through his connections with a major artist (Jay) and his album is gonna blow up the charts and create a new top 5 rapper in the game. The hottest tracks are 7,8,9,13,18,19,21 (too lazy to type all the titles) But the best verse on the LP belongs to Hov, who's hidden 3rd verse in never let u down both hints at a comeback, while quashing any doubts about his elite status &quot;Hov's a Living legend, and I'll tell u why/ Everybody wanna be Hov, and Hov still alive&quot; I must say that although Jay blew the roof off with this cut, Kanye was on fire from start to finish. This boy is THE FUTURE of the R-O-C. Its actually 4 1/2 stars but giving it a 4 is too low... classic. They'll still be talking about this one in December.
0385504209|2.0|Brown has admittedly written a suspense filled thriller that will keep you turning pages well into the wee hours of the night.  He has a gift for making the unbelievable credible and for placing us in the exotic confines of the galleries of the Louvre, the streets of Paris, the London's Temple Church and Scotland's Rossalyn Chapel.  Unfortunately, the conspiracy theories of history that undergird the novel are bogus.  Brown's novel is filled with unhistorical material passed off as certain truth in the mouth Robert Langdon, whose area of academic expertise is something called &quot;symbology&quot;.  If this is historical fiction, the emphasis is on the fiction.  We are told that Jesus and Mary Magdalene had a child whose descendants founded the Merovingian dynasty and whose family survived to this day.  We are told other fake facts along the way, e.g., that the New Testament Gospels were written during the reign of Emperor Constantine and that London's Temple Church was designed to be round to reflect the Knight's Templar worship of the goddess (rather that being modeled after Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepluchre).  Apparently Brown did not trouble himself to find out that the Western legends about Mary Magdalene are more products of the Middle Ages that the early Christian Church.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Living up to the hype surrounding an album is perhaps the hardest thing for an MC to do in today's world of Hip Hop. Very few have done this; 50 Cent, 2Pac and Jay-Z being just about the only ones. Unfortunately for Kanye, his debut album &quot;The College Dropout&quot; falls short of it's predicted &quot;classic&quot; status. This by no means states that it is a bad release. It is in fact a very good album. However it's the short comings that hold it back from a perfect five. The big thing that stuck out for me were the skits. There were way too many, especially for someone as talented as West. It's just not needed. At first they were funny, but then he pressed the humor too much and it seemed forced (I'm specifically refeering to the THREE skits dedicated to mocking people with college degrees). While funny, the mockery of college/education is detrimental to those easily influenced. The songs however show another side of Kanye. The peaceful, intelligent side. Some of the albums best songs are straight from his heart; &quot;We Don't Care&quot;, &quot;All Falls Down&quot;, &quot;Two Words&quot; and one of the albums best tracks &quot;Jesus Walks&quot;. &quot;The New Workout Plan&quot; is the party song and delivers very well. He also includes the smooth, soulful &quot;Slow Jamz&quot; which first appeared on Twista's recent release &quot;Kamikaze&quot;. The best song on the album is hands down &quot;Through The Wire&quot; which is also the single promoting the album. The song tells the tale of Kanye's near fatal car accident and explains why his appriciation for life is much greater now. Artists featured with West are Common Sense, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Jay-Z, Freeway and other underground artists which prove to be a very good lineup. Don't be fooled however, Ludacris's name may be on the album but he doesn't do anything but the hook, which isn't impressive. If you liked Kanye's mixtape songs, and are all about the singles out then this is the album for you. If you know nothing about Kanye; Do not purchase this right away! - &quot;Story on MTV but I aint tryna make a band/I swear this right here, history in the making man&quot; - He's right, it is history in the making but it's not quite classic yet. I would have rather given the album three and a half stars, but since you can't I'd rather round up than down. Roc-A-Fella may have life after Shawn Carter; only time will tell.
B0000U0X1G|1.0|I will put this in 8 words: I WOULDN'T WISH THIS ON MY WORST ENEMY. My brother just brought it home a few weeks ago and I wanted to see it. Boy was I dissapointed. It's basically a group of barely trained wild young men(and a woman) who end up on S.W.A.T After accepting the offer from The Leader(Samuel L. Jackson.) Colin Farell is the take in charge talented favorite, L.L Cool J is the black guy with muscles and Miguel Rodriguez is the beautiful one the hero falls in love with. They are assigned to escort a prisoner( Who has just offered 100,000,000 to any one who breaks him free.) To a jail. In short words, All Hell breaks loose. Bad acting, O.k plot but slow, Terrible.
080726203X|4.0|The Giver was an exceptional book. Lois Lowry does an excellent job of describing normal everyday things in new fascinating ways. The book starts out slow but once you read past the slow parts. It' a phenomenal book.<BR>   Jake
B0000D96NW|5.0|It's a crying shame that Europe gets first listen to the best metal album of the year...hands down.  I have listened to this album over and over and over.  I've compared it to 'Burn My Eyes' and I must say I like 'Through the Ashes of Empires' better.  The whole album rocks.  There is not one song I don't love on this album.  My favorites are Imperium (Machine Head's best song of all time), Bite the Bullet, Wipe the Tears, and Descend the Shades of Night.<br />This is the best metal album I've bought since Master of Puppets.  Machine Head proves that a band can go back to what they do best and turn out their best album to date...I wish Metallica would suck it up and give their true fans an album worthy of Master of Puppets.<br />Whoever ends up signing Machine Head to an American label, will have the best metal album of the year.  No one will come close.
B0001AP12G|5.0|i bought the album. yep. a long time ago, after i bought soundbombing 2 i told myself i would never buy another album without hearing it first and i broke my promise. i prayed as i slowly unwrapped the plastic of the orange and tumeric color splashed jewel case and kicked myself. there was no return at this point. no seriously, i cant return it now that its open.  so i read the lyrics. they seemed cool and i validated my purchase because i really like the &quot;slow jamz&quot; and &quot;through the wire&quot; which are on the cd. and besided, mos and talib were on the cd. how bad could it be? i hopped in my car and slipped the cd into the player only to hear the somewhat annoying voice of bernie mac. say what? i dont wanna hear you wine! anyway...so i skipped directly to &quot;slow jamz&quot; because i love that song and just in case the rest of the album wasnt cool i would feel better knowing i have that to play on repeat, but before i could find &quot;slow jamz,&quot; while skipping around i heard the phrase &quot;slave ships&quot; and decide to listen to the whole song...after the gospel tune there emerged from my car's speakers one of those beats, ya know, it isnt the best beat you've ever heard, but for some reason you still can't keep your head from groovn- dope beat! i tell you what! man that song, &quot;fly away,&quot; had me singing spirituals up and down sunset boulevard (although it was after midnight, i had to listen to the whole cd after that song so i ended up driving around hollywood).  man, this cd is dope. kanye isnt the best rapper, but at least he knows to have the best on the cd with him. the talib kweli, common, jay-z and mos def spots are not to be missed. but as a producer, west is up there with the best. his handmade beats are as most people describe them &quot;soulful,&quot; and his arrangements on the album are soaring high above &quot;amazing.&quot;lots of choir arrangements and live drumming as opposed to recorded beat machines. this cd is the best of this year so far. i doubt it will receive as much praise as outkast's joint, but this is still a must-have for any music/hip-hop lover.
0385504209|5.0|I give this book five stars.  I have never read a book that could maintain my interest from the first page.  I think this book is genius.  Not only does it have a suspenseful story plot.  it also has information that will blow your mind.  So if your into suspense thrillers or books on science, art, or religion, I suggest you check out this book.
B00009ATIX|2.0|This is a barely lukewarm (i.e., almost cold) and overly melodramatic movie. Although short by typical movie standards, by about 20 minutes, it seems to have been twice as long. This is the type of movie that tries to force its self-importance on you. Like the boyfriend or girlfriend that plays hard-to-get and once connected, you wonder what the suspense was all about -- all surface, no substance.<br />Unfortunately, it seems to be a poor space rendition of movies like &quot;Sphere&quot; (which was an excellent book and mediocre movie, but better than this movie) and several others. In other words, a cookie-cutter movie that is run at half-speed.
B00009V7P8|5.0|When you turn on the radio today, you hear the sounds of overproduction at every turn. When I heard Damien Rice's O for the first time, I didn't know what to think besides man is this different. The understatedness of this record is phenomenal. The contrast to most of today's radio pop is remarkably stark. I think that this was the album of 2003. Every song features excellent songwriting and instrumentals but it is Rice's great voice that makes the CD click. I love Delicate, Amie, and The Blower's Daughter but every song on here is excellent. If you want a return to real music without the overproduction of radio pop, pick up this CD. It may not necessarily be the most accesible album out there, but it is worth the effort to get into it.
B00000JGHM|4.0|First off--personally, I'd give this film five stars, but I'm rating the DVD, and it does not justice to fans .<br />This is just not your typical 'cop' film by a long shot.  Michael Mann has been aiming for this his whole career.  His Thief (1981) has similar elements, even similar scenes.  Heat is actually a remake of Mann's own LA Takedown, a 1989 TV film.<br />With Heat, every element is in place.  The cast is a dream, even for a Hollywood film.  DeNiro and Pacino do some of their best work and even the ground in the story of a dedicated cop tracking the leader of a band of professional thieves.  The surrounding players are all pro: Val Kilmer, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Jon Voight.  The film has the perfect look, a cold, steely blue light and a much different look at LA than in any film.  The soundtrack is in place as well, a mix of Eliot Goldenthal's rich score, Lisa Gerrard, Brian Eno, and Kronos Quartet.<br />At three hours, Mann throws in everything.  The director's reverence for the material pushes the film way past genre.  It's unfair to call Heat a 'heist' film or even a 'crime' film.  It's a rich drama about relationships between cops and crooks and men and women.<br />The action is spectacular, everyone remembers the shootout scene in downtown LA.  It highlights an awesome sound mix.  Though it's extreme, it wasn't two years before a two man crew pulled off a bank heist and started a massive shootout with cops in North Hollywood.<br />The DVD sucks.  For a film like this, a three hour epic from a big name director, with these stars, we get zilch.  Three theatrical trailers, and French subtitles.  There's a Dolby 5.1 mix, and the film is in widescreen with a nice, clean picture.  I'm guessing Mann had little say in the release; this is doubtless a film that should get a commentary track and some behind the scenes material.<br />However, for now it's recommended on the strength of an excellent American crime film.
B00008D1NF|5.0|This is a very good record. New, fresh brazilian music, highly melodic, easy, mature, memorable songs.  You will be surprised, none of that same reggae inspired pop junk.  Great composing, intelligent lyrics, solid and tasteful playing.
B00018D44U|4.0|Norah's music is essentially her own: Jazzy, classy, a little country, folky 'chill-out' music designed to wash over you, relax you or inspire you. She isn't pop, a singing-diva or does she pose naked on her album cover, and for that some people might be disappointed, but I think Norah's new album is a wonderful companion to her first, and it is what its supposed to be.
B0001AP12G|5.0|ok, yo this cd is beside ma top with eminem show,get rich or die tryin, and the chronic.  The beats are amazing not just one song that stands out all of them stand out.  It features a lot of some hot kats,Ludacris,twista,talib kweli and o yea dont forget jay z.Jesus walks is a banger for all religons.get em high is an amazing song. what more can i say.  (downfall)-he uses to many skits thats the only bad thing. so cop this ish
B000000XH4|5.0|This is a great CD for popping in the CD player and just listening to it. Critics consistently regard this CD as a jazz masterpiece. I rate this CD as an essential CD for the beginner jazz collection. It is very likable to almost anyone new to jazz, and yet it is respected as among the most influential jazz music made for jazz musicians. This is great music.<br />Two previously-released masterpiece albums were combined to make this one CD: \\"Sunday at the Village Vanguard\\" and \\"Waltz for Debby.\\" You get the best of both albums on one CD for a better price. Both of those albums were taken from one legendary concert at a club called the \\"Village Vanguard.\\"<br />The editors of the distinguished \\"Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD\\" awarded the albums the highest score possible and the rare \\"Crown\\" designation, I believe, meaning that they deserve special recognition for being unusually excellent.<br />This CD by the Bill Evans Trio is distinguished as being among the greatest in Jazz history.<br />What made this jazz trio - and this CD - so great was the addition of the virtuoso bass player Scott LaFaro. The Legendary Bill Evans had been looking for such a bass player for awhile, and when he finally found him it led to these masterpiece recordings. This was an artistic peak, and we can only imagine what great music the group would have continued to make.<br />Unfortunately, LaFaro was killed in a car accident 10 days later. Evans was understandable devestated, and the decision was made to first release an album from the concert featuring LaFaro. A second album was released later for the rest of the concert. Both are excellent albums, but you can get the best of both on this one CD.<br />To learn more about these two albums and the music on this CD, I suggest you search for the original two albums by name here at Amazon.com and read about them individually. The descriptions for original albums contain more information at Amazon.com than this CD, which combines the two.<br />This CD combines both albums by omitting some of the multiple takes of songs from the original two albums. The original albums shows brilliant improvisation through the differences in the multiple takes, but this CD is the best value and more enjoyable for general listening. Buy the original two albums if you want to hear the great improvisations. Buy this one CD if you want the best jazz music made at a better price.<br />A masterpiece.is CD combines both albums by omitting some of the multiple takes of songs from the original two albums. The original albums shows brilliant improvisation through the differences in the multiple takes, but this CD is the best value and more enjoyable for general listening. Buy the original two albums if you want to hear the great improvisations. Buy this one CD if you want the best jazz music made at a better price.<br />A masterpiece.
B00005JMGC|1.0|You're not like the lady with the mystic smile<BR>Is it only that you're a commie we have blamed you<BR>For your anti-traditional viewpoints in your smile<br />Do you smirk at moral values, Kathy Watson?<BR>Or is this your way of breaking lonely hearts?<BR>Many lies have been brought to our doorsteps<BR>They just lie there, and they die there<br />Are they real, are they fake, Kathy Watson?<BR>Or just a cold and lonely, hateful piece of art?
B0000CFW87|5.0|As a 16-year-old girl, my ears sometimes need a break from all the rock and pop music. Though Josh Groban is classified as &quot;pop,&quot; it is a nice break from the usual music I listen to. His voice is beautiful and soothing. The first time I listened to the CD, I got shivers just from the music- that has never happened to me before. In my opinion, his second CD is even better than his first. The vocals are wonderful, as usual, but the music is even better. My favorites would have to be &quot;Oceano,&quot; &quot;Si volvieras a Mi,&quot; and &quot;Remember When it Rained.&quot; Sure, I don't understand what half the songs on the CD are saying, but Josh Groban's voice is enough to make me fall in love with it! This is one CD that will have a permanent residence in my stereo.
0767827791|5.0|Excellent 1955 classic starring William Holden and Kim Novak that accurately portrays the way things were in America circa 1955. The Technicolor cinematography is absolutely splendid, even more than Far From Heaven's (there is TOO MUCH color, a problem that didn't plague Technicolor movies). And that's not the only thing that makes this movie better: it shows how things REALLY were in the 1950s because it was MADE in the 1950s. There is no liberal vendetta or pro-homosexual propaganda. And that Moonglow dance...AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!
0312965788|5.0|This is where it all started with James Herriott for me - a paperback tucked in with 3 or 4 other books I received for my birthday a long time ago.  I couldn't tell you what the other books were, but this book, and its sequels, have become dear friends.  I can tell you the stories from memory (and from my heart) and I have read the paperbacks so often I've had to replace them with hardbacks just so they'll last longer.<br />James Herriott was a vet practicing in Yorkshire (England) from the end of the Depression until about 20 years ago.<br />The stories are charming, happy, glorious, tragic and tear-jerking.  It was a wonderful but brutal time to be practicing veterinary medicine.  It was before many of the surgeries we have now and Herriott was there for the introduction of antibiotics and many other medicines.  Think about it - how often have you had your cat or dog treated for infections - 60 years ago there was nothing to kill the bacteria that brought death to so many.  How impossibly hard it must have been for him to lose so many of the animals he treated, and how wonderful when he knew he saved them either for the farmers who needed their stock or the families who loved their pets.  And the people he writes about!  What characters!<br />I have pets and love to read the stories about cats and dogs and horses.  I teach medical students and use more than a few examples from these books about the PROCESS of thinking which is so essential to any practice of medicine.  His stories here and in later books about diagnosing hoof and mouth disease or husk or heatstroke or nettlerash are fascinating reading about the mind of a physician as it works while the seconds of life tick away.<br />This book is great, the series of books is great - curl up somewhere and get to know them.
B00018D44U|3.0|I like Norah Jones, really I do.  I like her for the same reasons I like Mary Chapin Carpernter and Holly Cole (with whom she musically shares Kevin Breit).  Chapin is a better songwriter, and Holly is, well, go listen and you'll understand, but all 3 are uncategorizable.  Or better, they have invented their own categories, and while I don't love everything any of them have done, I have been delighted to follow them on their journey through their respective arts.<br />This is a better recording in many ways than her debut: I found the production on &quot;Come Away...&quot; so flat that it drained all the life out of the performances.  Her work on the live MP3's on norahjones.com, and on the House of Blues DVD shows that she's a very engaging live performer.  This disc captures a lot more of that.  Her voice is more natural, and the band feels like it's playing as a band rather than as a series of layered tracks.  <br />Where it doesn't work, as some have pointed out, is in the quality of a lot of the material.  Undoubtedly a lot of Norah's charm is her unaffected style; in her writing, this comes off as childish instead of innocent.  That will change in time, but she's way better off at this stage of her career doing other people's work.<br />I'm also a little curious why she bothered with Levon Helm &amp; Garth Hudson, since their contributions as SO understated as to be invisible.  Helm in particular is indistinguishable from a studio player, and brings nothing of interest to the track.  Hudson, at least, is there, but he's WAY in the background.  I'm a moderate fan of The Band, and always found Helm an entertaining performer.  I'd like to have heard that here!<br />Specifics?  Well, the closing Ellington-based number is the best: it's lyrically the best of her stuff, and the piano is just right.  &quot;What Am I To You?&quot;, which she has said she has never felt like she's gotten right, still feels that way to me: the DVD version is actually pretty good, and Andy Borger is a better drummer, frankly!  The rest of the disc is a nice showcase for a maturing artist, and I'll keep listening to Norah because she is an outside-the-mainstream talent, and I want to encourage that.  But she needs to find a way to capture the energy of her live shows on disc.<br />Overall, a slight disappointment, but with great promise for things to come.
6305229449|4.0|this is,like all disney movies,very pleansent to watch with your family,great story and beautiful images.
B00011D1RC|5.0|When younger movie buffs ask me for suggestions for &quot;old&quot; movies they should watch to get an idea of Hollywood's long-gone glamor, &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; is my answer. On this beautifully restored DVD, you catch mythical movie stars at their peak. Garbo, Crawford, the Barrymore brothers, etc. More than that, thanks to MGM's phenomenal crew of artisans, you can study how legends were created--from Adrian's sleek gowns and furs for the ladies to the severely tailored suits for the men. From the highly lit art deco sets of Cedric Gibbons to the wonderfully stylized performances elicited from the magical cast by British director, Edmund Goulding. Those meticulous close-ups of Garbo and Joan Crawford took hours and hours to light and film. You can watch the physical beauty of John Barrymore, just before he slid into acute alcoholism. The music, those great limousines, the sets, the make-up, MGM's superb array of character actors (dig Rafaella Ottiano as Garbo's long-suffering maid), help contribute to the powerful ambiance of Hollywood in l931. There are some great goodie extras, too. I'm glad I got this DVD because I've worn out at least 3 video tapes of this timeless classic.
076790592X|5.0|Nothing can truly be written in a review of &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; that will do justice to the man on which the story was based. Morrie, a professor at a small college, has been diagnosed with a terminal illness. Rather than let it push him into depression and darkness he embraces his fate and uses it to teach life lessons to his favorite pupil of decades past (Mitch Albom, the author).<br />Every Tuesday Mitch drives or flies to see Morrie, and every Tuesday he walks away a better man for the experience. Though his body withers away, Morrie never truly dies because his life lives on in the people he touches.<br />It's a truly moving story, and you'll be glad you took the time to read it.
0399142533|5.0|This was our first Lee Child, and his first work introducing leading man Jack Reacher.  Jack is a retired homicide investigator for the military police, and as this book opens, just roaming the country looking for something to grab his interest in life.  We meet him minding his own business eating brunch in a diner in Margrave, Ga., where after a few minutes, the police storm the eatery and arrest Jack for murder!  We all know he's absolutely innocent, but our attention was riveted by Child's technique of having Reacher actually start working the murder case as he himself is being interrogated as a suspect!<br />Spending a day in the slammer as a material witness, along with an unfortunate banker named Hubble, whose phone number being in the murdered man's shoe makes him a suspect as well, Reacher  kills (in self-defense) another inmate, the first in a series of brutal slayings depicted throughout the novel.  So now we know Reacher can more than take care of himself both physically and mentally.<br />Soon the police discover Reacher's got an airtight alibi for the murder; then it's discovered the victim is by total coincidence Reacher's brother Joe, a US Treasury special agent in charge of counterfeiting.  And so the plot is off and running.  Before it's over, some bad cops are unearthed, with we readers often getting to smell out the rat in advance, which was fun.  Police Officer Ms. Roscoe, who took a shining to Jack upon sight, provides our hero a stirring and sexy romance, which was an interesting sub-plot with which we anxiously awaited resolution.<br />To us, Child's writing skill, his pace and ability to sustain action and suspense, and his crafty plot with just the right amount of complications, has given us a page-turning, stellar new series to enjoy.  Can't wait to read our next Reacher!
038572179X|4.0|&quot;Atonement&quot;, Ian McEwan's follow up novel to the hugely successful Booker Prize-winner &quot;Amsterdam&quot;, is a very richly told story about the lifelong struggle of a young girl who makes a tragic mistake and ruins three lives in the process.<br />Young Briony accuses a college-aged friend of the family of a horrible crime, destroying his life and the life of her older sister who loves him. The book tells the story of the lives of these three characters as they struggle to recover from the tragedy. But is all really as it seems?<br />McEwan does an excellent job convincing the reader that they know what the truth is - but it isn't until the final pages that the real truth is known. It's a well-told story that will surprise you in the end.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|Sarah's latest album, which I eagerly anticipated, disappoints in most respects. It's no &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot;, but I wasn't expecting another masterpiece like that. At the very least, given this is her first new album in six years, I expected it to be as good as or better than &quot;Surfacing&quot;, yet it isn't even close. I doubt any single will be released other than the best track, &quot;Fallen&quot;, and even that one feels like subpar Sarah. I am avoiding her current tour because I know most of the material will come from this average album. Where are the songs that resonate with every listen, such as &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Building A Mystery&quot;, or &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot;? And why is Sarah's voice so quiet and wistful? This album doesn't make me want to light candles and relax, it makes me want to fall alseep or watch TV instead. Blah.
0679428895|3.0|Harris is a great writer, but -- and I realize I'm going to sound prudish here -- there's some junk in there I could have done without. It's almost like he had an f-word count requirement he had to meet, forcing him to have characters say things like &quot;you and your [eff-ing] mother&quot; when the protagonist asked if he were strong enough to pull him out of a pit. (Wouldn't a simple &quot;you and your mother&quot; have worked fine?) There's also a lot of locker room talk about male (and some female) anatomy and awkwardly placed homoerotic episodes that I suppose are in there to further establish the debauchery of the &quot;bad guys&quot; in the story.<br />None of this was needed to further the plot, in my opinion, and even seemed to interrupt the flow -- &quot;we interrupt this story to briefly talk about erections again&quot;. Harris is a good enough writer to not need to fall back on the cheap titillation and shock value that seem to be all the rage these days.<br />It would have been a great book without it.
B0000B1OFL|1.0|I purhcased &quot;The Italian Job&quot; under the mistaken assumption that the film was an intelligent, well constructed and entertaining heist remake.  The reviews I read were consistently glowing so I bit, despite my nagging instinct that no movie FEATURING Mark Walberg could be any of the above.  (I'll grant that Mark has appeared in some decent films, but none of them were ever made decent because of his acting contribution.  His brother Donnie is a far superior actor and is grossly underrated for my money.  Watch &quot;Band of Brothers&quot; and decide for yourself.)<br />My nagging instinct proved correct upon watching the film.  Right from the opening scene I knew I was in trouble.  The cliched and hackneyed banter between &quot;Daddy&quot; Sutherland and &quot;Daughter&quot; Theron across continents was horribly foisted, predictable and unconvincing.  Upon the close of this scene, two things were obvious.  1. The criminal but lovable Daddy would die early.  2. The devoted and hopelessly straight daughter would be party to the same criminal activity her father was in order to avenge his death.  And by the way, how does a woman who looks like Ms. Theron end up as a world renowned safe cracking consultant?  Oh, I suppose as a child, she and Daddy Sutherland sat around the breakfast table discussing the finer points of cracking bank safes and how to bypass complex alarm systems.  That's a rather big pill to swallow early on.<br />The initial boat heist that follows is even more ridiculous.  It tries desperately to trick us into believing we are watching a sophisticated and intelligent story like Oceans 11 (which itself is only a 3.5/5 to 4/5 film), by inundating us with obnoxious techno music, slick 20 something clothing and hair, cheesy and totally implausible computer wizardry, and product branding that is rivaled only by the 007 series.  But don't be fooled by the flash, as there truly is no substance here.  Wahlberg's acting is abysmal - as if that actuallyhad to be said.  I really do believe that if that guy cut himself he'd bleed cardboard.  Theron does the best she can with a juvenile script and a ridiculous character, but her efforts are ultimately futile.  And shockingly, Ed Norton of all people totally mails in his villain performance.  Perhaps that is the fatal flaw of the film.  Most agree that the villain makes or breaks an action movie.  The villain Norton plays is so exceedingly one-dimensional and frankly not all that smart, that the audience never really cares if the heisters get back at him or not.  Sure, we don't particularly like Ed's character, but we don't hate him the way we should to make the machinations of the film compelling.<br />Finally, the execution of the entire heist leaves you feeling like you just ran through an obstacle course rather than an enthralling action film.  You feel throughout the film as if the story is merely a mechanism to execute the plot points that are written on the page.  When a movie reaches that point, nothing that happens at the end can save it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|In general I frown upon the low-quality entertainment I find on TV, but Firefly is probably the most fun I've ever had in front of the tube. Fantastic characters, acting, plot, and writing, this show left me breathless. I can't wait for the movie to be released.
0780627024|2.0|On the surface, Pleasantville seems to be a creative movie. The story is about a boy who is so dissatisfied with his life that he longs for a simpler time. His parents are not only divorced, they seem intent on ignoring their children. So he loses himself in a '50s TV show called Pleasantville, until one day when he actually finds he is really lost there, along with his sister. From this beginning, a viewer might expect the movie to go somewhere. But instead of weaving a quality story, the movie abandons any attempt at subtelty and goes straight for overt socio-cultural statements. The main message seems to be that anything deemed pleasant is bland and predictable, and that anything that is unpredictable is the real staff of life. This message takes over the movie and actually becomes the movie. Pleasantville touts individualism while cramming its own view of what that means down a viewer's throat. The movie is every bit as dictorial in its approach as its overblown characters. If you enjoy being preached at, by all means, watch this movie. But if you want to watch a creative, fulfilling movie, look somewhere else.
B00007AJF9|5.0|Several reviewers have commented on how little this movie has to to with specific history, and they are quite correct.As history, the movie is a mishmash of events that occurred years apart, together with a fair amount of &quot;vigorous fancy&quot;. This isn't really a historical film in the usual sense, but a tremendous historical fantasia-on-the-facts, very much like Josef von Sternberg's similar film from the thirties, THE SCARLET EMPRESS, with Marlene Dietrich as Catherine the Great, or for that matter, John Boorman's Arthurian fantasy EXCALIBUR. Like these movies, visual impact and atmosphere are running at about 400 horsepower, and, like THE SCARLET EMPRESS, the version of the world it presents is very fantasticated. The Czarist court in the 18th century barely resembled the Grimm's Fairy Tales world von Sternberg creates in the Dietrich film, the Dark Ages were nothing like the shining plate-armored legend-world of EXCALIBUR, and the Tudor court barely resembled the incredible renaissance fantasy shown in ELIZABETH. Once you accept that the film is about Elizabeth I in a general, rather than a specific sense, you'll be able to appreciate it, and can stop being annoyed by the fact that, say, Robert Dudley was never complicit in any plots against the Queen (If you want to see a more historically accurate version of Elizabeth's reign, try the equally-terrific-in-a-different-way ELIZABETH R miniseries, with Glenda Jackson). And for all of ELIZABETH's deviations from fact, the movie ends with a really penetrating insight into the way that Elizabeth helped ease England through the Reformation by transforming herself into &quot;Gloriana&quot;,the Virgin Queen, living embodiment of the nation and a walking icon/substitute for the Virgin Mary. The acting is superb, Cate Blanchett gives a truly tremendous performance, and Shekar Kapur's direction is both powerful and elegant (Even if there is a minor blooper when Mary de Guise's corpse can be seen shutting its eyes).
0385504209|4.0|...But I wasn't sidetracked (too much) by flat characters or formula writing. I admit I needed to hide inside a book, and this one was perfect. I had never heard of the Holy Grail theories, so that kept me going too. So I have to agree with most of the negative reviewers I read -- not knowing makes a big difference in enjoyment.<br />What *really* bothers me? Opus Dei has both bad and good sides presented, and gratitude expressed to both current and former members he was able to interview. Where is the mention of bad stuff by the cults? Where are the thanks? Does this mean Mr. Brown didn't need to *ask* people? His lack of objectivity on this really bothers me, given that his book is a best-seller!<br />Lets just say I don't generally buy into conspiracy theories and I like to see fact supported by research (and I plan on learning more about so much in here), but far worse than this being a formula novel, I worry that it is a nice cult recruitment tool. And I am *not* a Christain so this isn't personal!
0385504209|5.0|I loved Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code.  It was such a compelling story and the book was hard to put down.<br />I would recommend it to anyone who loves a good read.
B00008MLSH|3.0|I've heard Madam Netrebko live as Violetta in &quot;La Traviata&quot; and bought this CD remembering this amazing performance. Sadly this new disc doesn't live up to my expectations. Netrebko sounds monotone in each piece, her trills (Which she sang perfectly live) are shaky and unstable here plus her timbre just doesn't fit a role like Lucia. I was disappointed by her rather unmoving Amina as well. Sadly I fear that Miss Netrebko, who is a very talented singer, is already falling in the trap Miss Gheorghiu has fallen into. The world is DYING for a new diva. Both Gheorghiu and Netrebko have been called &quot;The new Maria Callas&quot;. This is just nonsense. Why not let a young artist develop properly before pushing her up, stressing her to the limit with roles far to hard and dramatic? Hasn't Gallardo Domas' failure of an Aida proven that this is the road to disaster?
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Bill Murray has been one of the most unappreciated actors in Hollywood.  Thought of for the goofball characters he created on Saturday Night Live and in such comedy classics as Caddyshack, Stripes &amp; Ghostbusters, his acting ability is overlooked.  But as he proved in those films and equally great turns in Ed Wood, Groundhog Day, Rushmore, Hamlet, Wild Things and others, the man can act.  In Lost In Translation, he gives a performance for the ages.  Mr. Murray plays Bob Harris a movie star who travels to Japan to make two million dollars for a whiskey ad campaign.  He is jet-lagged, has to deal with a director who doesn't speak English and struggle with the banality of his life.  While winding down in the hotel bar, he meets young Charlotte who is in Japan with her photographer husband.  She too is trying to come to grips with her life, but unlike Bob who is trying to revitalize his life, she is trying to find her direction in life.  Both us each other to escape the confines of the hotel and escape for a few nights out on the town.  They meet up with some Charlotte's friends and end up in a bizarre club and then singing karaoke.  This produces one of the film's most poignant moments when Bob sings Roxy Music's &quot;More Than This&quot;.  In the performance, you see Bob baring his soul to Charlotte.  The movie ends with Bob and Charlotte embracing on the streets of Tokyo and Bob getting back in his car driving to the airport.  Charlotte is played magnificently by Scarlett Johansson and she is almost the equal of Mr. Murray.  The brilliance of the film is in its quiet nature.  Sometimes the two companions don't speak but you know exactly what they are thinking through their expressions.  Mr. Murray conveys senses of fatigue, bemusement, wonderment, aggravation and exasperation all with out ever uttering a word.  It is these little nuances that turns his performance from simply great to a once in a lifetime achievement.  Director and writer Sofia Coppola has learned well from his famous father and she has crafted a subtle yet powerful and emotional film that is one of the best films of 2003.d well from his famous father and she has crafted a subtle yet powerful and emotional film that is one of the best films of 2003.
0345451325|5.0|Even though I'm a bit too old to be a &quot;gamer&quot;, I can certainly see why people would want to play the videogame version of this. This book, and the one that came immediately before it, are not only great science-fiction/high-tech, like &quot;Snow Crash&quot;, &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;, or &quot;Darkeye: Cyber Hunter&quot;, but these books are great Space Operas in the true sense of that term. To me, they are almost the sci-fi equivalent of &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot;.
B0001I561E|5.0|I have been waiting and waiting for this movie on dvd.It is my favorite. I love it so much, and my children love it now also! I cant wait till October!
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I saw this film in the theater with my wife and we both enjoyed it. Its one major flaw was a few long, dull scenes. Having lived in Japan for over a year I can say it's very accurate how you might experience the country for the first time, and I am very impressed that the director mirrored my experiences so well. My wife who hasn't been to Japan left with the impression of how foreign and unwelcoming it is, because the director really did a good job of creating the feeling she wanted. However, the characters in the movie are not tourists per se, and are not really exploring Japan, just dealing with their own personal crises. If you go as an eager traveler with open eyes, you will have a different attitude. As they say, &quot;Wherever you go, there you are.&quot;<br />I am sure the movie won't resonate with everyone, because it doesn't explain the nuances of--for example--foreign travel. One angry reviewer wrote complained about the characters with &quot;insomnia&quot;--obviously missing the basic fact that the characters in the movie had jet lag throughout the whole movie.<br />The story between the two main characters is not your conventional love story, but it does have a bit of comedy and a lot of loneliness. I thought it was more true and realistic than the typical Big Fat Greek Wedding, showing two people drawn to each other because of their own difficult situations, though they are obviously not &quot;soul mates&quot;. I'm impressed with Bill Murray's acting in this movie.
B0000C1733|1.0|LISTEN UP PEOPLE, THE RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS ARE NOT A BAND.  IF YOU ENJOY HORRIBLE BEATS, UNORGINAL LYRICS, AND JUST PLAIN AWFUL MUSIC IN GENERAL, HURRY TO THE NEAREST STORE AND BUY THIS CD.
0812550706|4.0|This is the first science fiction novel I have read, and I barely kept myself from finishing it in one day; it took me two.  The overall plot in this novel did not really interest me, because I do not care that much for science fiction, but the way this novel was written still made it one of the best books I have read.  Orson Scott Card constantly wove unexpected events into the novel.  Card also wrote in a way that I could sympathize with a young boy, yet still be amazed by his genius.<br />What is this novel about?  The humans have twice been attacked by alien bugs and have become a single league of nations to protect themselves.  They have a fleet to protect earth, a fleet of space ships.  They have developed weapons more deadly than any now in existence.  But the bugs have greater numbers and probably better technology.  The humans need a leader, and they have been breeding geniuses trying to get that leader.  The novel is about the training they put Ender, through.  I liked the situations he was put in, as well as the training he went through; I enjoyed reading about it.  Once he turns eleven, he is sent to command school to learn how to lead the fleet, and then the novel gets good.<br />I recommend this novel, even if you, like me, have never read science fiction before.
B000002JPA|5.0|I dont know why it took me so long to review this, because I bought this cd almost 3 years ago, but anyway.  This is an amazing cd and dream theaters best in my opinon.  This group is super technical but that dosnt get in the way of there brilliant songs.  \m/
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I haven't even seen this musical, but i borrowed the soundtrack from a friend and it's great!! The story is different from the book, but the music is still amazing. My favorites are &quot;Dancing Through Life&quot; and &quot;Defying Gravity&quot;!
B0001AP12G|4.0|With his unique mix of hip hop beats with Motown like samples, Kanye West has emerged as a producer different from the Neptunes or Timbaland. His producing skills surpass his rapping skills, however the content of which Kanye West speaks about is refreshing from the usual: guns, drug dealing, and murders. His rap style is clever, arrogant, and funny and at times shows he has the same calibre as the &quot;top dogs&quot;. College Dropout is a must have, look for Kanye West to explode similar to 50 Cent in 2004!
B000089CPF|4.0|I started listening to this band with their Black Light CD which got under my skin. Songs like 'Fade', made me realize their brilliance. When my brother sent me this CD I was a little disappointed. It didn't seem to grow on me as quickly. At first my favorite tracks were only the instrumental #5, Pepita and the falsettoish #6 Not even stevie nicks. After repated listens I realized the song Quattro was absolutly spellbinding. The chours makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck. It's very beautiful. Definetely an album that requires many listens. <BR>Apparently this band is so amazing live and that makes them more accessible if you see them. It does have its weak points toward the end but all in all not a bad one. <BR>    Oh and (P.S., I saw an addidas commercial recently that has the song Pepita playing in the background while Ali is taking a jog. I was excited to see such an unknown band getting their song played on television. Look out for it!)
B00006JDVV|2.0|Despite the wonderful science fiction premise -- a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by bestial creatures responsible for the dragons of legend -- \\"Reign of Fire\\" fails to deliver in an important department: dragons! Although supposedly the cause of the near annihilation of the human race, the dragons seem strangely absent for most of the film, dropping in for the occasional none-too-thrilling action sequence, then vanishing for long periods. The short finale is especially disappointing and delivers none of the promise of humans going head-to-head with a dragon. The only action sequence that really works is a clever piece near the beginning involving skydivers with nets chasing down the fire-breathing nasties. <br /> <br />Strangely, the film works better in the character category, and is at its best between the dragon attack scenes. Usually films of this type have the situation completely reversed. The portrait of survivalists facing the end is wonderfully, vividly portrayed, and McConnaughey's grizzled and slightly insane American dragon hunter (the \\"Captain Ahab\\" character of the story) is a good performance. The role certainly is a big departure for the actor away from his image in films like \\"The Wedding Planner.\\" Much more drama goes on between him and Christian Bale's character than ever occurs with the absentee dragons. <br /> <br />If you're a dragon lover, rent \\"Dragonslayer\\" instead; you won't feed your need with this underwhleming picture. (And wouldn't it be nice if someday someone did a film adaptation of Anne McCaffrey's \\"Dragonriders of Pern\\" novels? There's a science-fiction take on dragons that would make a great movie series.)
B0001AP12G|5.0|This record is blazing. I thought he'd have a couple of songs but I am extremely impressed by his lyrics and how much of his life he incorporated into this album. I think he may be taking over the R.O.C. instead of Bleek.
B00018D44U|5.0|I was Knocked off my feet by Miss Jones debut effort. Her style was an instant classic. Her music was a brilliant light in an otherwise dreary musical landscape. Now comes the lady to offer us up a great follow up disc.  I find that while the music is as sweet as the first cd, she and her bandmates have grown and honed their talents.  &quot;Feels like home&quot; is an accurate title. I feel like I'm back home.  Thank you Norah.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|I like this movie because they combined a digital technology into this film and make a perfect film than the other.
0066620996|5.0|It's been some time since I read this (about 2 years ago), but I was at the order page (getting a couple of copies for employees) and curiously scrolled down expecting to see nothing but glowing reviews for what has been the most influential \\"biz book\\" I've ever read.<br />I was surprised at the widely varying opinions of this gem.  I guess I shouldn't be, corporate strategies (in similar verticals) are as varied as political ideology.  I'm convinced that just like there will unlikely be any book that unites Republicans and Democrats in one happy envelope of agreement, there will never be one book about business designed to focus companies on \\"The Right Way\\", that everyone will agree is totally valid.<br />I can only offer my personal testimony to how important this book has been.  Since my first read, my business' annual sales have doubled, profit is up ten fold, and we're more organized and focused than ever.<br />The most significant takeways for me were:<br />Figure out what your company is best at doing, then focus myopically on developing it.<br />Get the right people on the bus BEFORE you drive it where you want to go.<br />Each sound so rudimentary, in fact, I went into the book with a cursory understanding of its lessons and believed \\"I'm observing all the central tenets...duh..) only in reading the book and \\"unpacking\\" the supporting basis for each lesson did I realize just how out of alignment my business was.<br />Exquisitely researched, intelligently organized, and well written.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who has a business, or desires to run one.<br />Hope this was helpful.
B0001AP12G|5.0|this is the best cd that i have herd in a long time.
B000084T18|5.0|Reading the negative reviews for this album really confused me.  At first I was like &quot;what folk music artist has a name like 50 Cent who's fans are inadvertantly tripping on this CD and railing it&quot;...?  I did some thinking, and believe I may have figured it out...<br />...I remember the first time I heard a rap song I actually liked.  I was playing street hockey in the summer of 88, it was &quot;Joy and Pain&quot; by Rob Base and EZ Rock.  A fun, upbeat, melodic track, it pumped me up so hard I thought I was Wayne Gretzky or something.  Anyway, before then I thought rap music was complete garbage (I was probably into Debbie Gibson or something at the time), but when that track started bumping from some crap portable...man, I was hooked on that sound.<br />A new fan, I went on the hunt for similar sound, I moved from there into some fun, light East Coast stuff, Kwame, Big Daddy Kane, Tribe Called Quest.  I was happy with that stuff for a couple of years.  That was, until I heard my first NWA track &quot;Straight Outta Compton&quot;.  Like a drug addict, the harder stuff had the edge.  That pulled me into artists like Ice Cube (Amerikka's Most Wanted is still an album worth checking out), D.O.C. (that one too), and that whole Gangsta Rap Sound.<br />That's what this is.  This isn't Outkast, this isn't Black Eyed Peas (as good as they both are), it's as similar to those artists as Coldplay is to Korn. This is Gansta Rap, it's fringe, but for what it is, it's the best CD of 2003.<br />A heavy hitting fusion of West Coast Beats (courtesy of Dr. Dre) and East Coast Battle Rap.  50 flows with gusto, angry, seemingly desperate, drenching you in his &quot;I don't give a #@$# attitude&quot;.<br />My favorite tracks are:<br />In Da Club:  Yeah, we've heard it like 10 trillion times, but it's probably the strongest track on the album.<br />Blood Hound:  I didn't like this track to much for the first couple of listens, but the melody caught up with me (Dre's stuff has a tendency to do that), and the rapping on this track is as good as any on the album.<br />Back Down:  This is the fight song that takes aim directly at Ja Rule.  Insanely good beat, hard hitting lyrics, I'd hate to be Ja.<br />If you like works from artists like Dre., DMX, and Tupac, I can't imagine you woulnd't find this to be right &quot;up there&quot; in caliber and quality.<br />Enjoy...s a tendency to do that), and the rapping on this track is as good as any on the album.<br />Back Down:  This is the fight song that takes aim directly at Ja Rule.  Insanely good beat, hard hitting lyrics, I'd hate to be Ja.<br />If you like works from artists like Dre., DMX, and Tupac, I can't imagine you woulnd't find this to be right &quot;up there&quot; in caliber and quality.<br />Enjoy...
B000002KO3|5.0|David Byrne always had a way with words, but this record transcends any of his previous strangled gasps in its utter verbosity and, well, wordlessness.  This record makes an enormous statement and simultaneously - and consciously - fills the gap left in the wake of words and the waning glory of lower Bowery punk.<br />That all sounds grandiose, sure, and it is - but so is this record.  The first time I listened to this record in full was, I think, when I was fifteen or so - fifteen years after its initial release, sure, but this record has not dated at all.  In fact, it still sounds more out-there than any of the more contemporary Chicago-based Thrill Jockey-and-company noodling.  And damned if the dollar I spent on that old vinyl copy of the record wasn't one of the wisest dollars I've spent (up there, perhaps, with 'Songs of Leonard Cohen' and Janis Joplin's 'Pearl').<br />Words like &quot;dance,&quot; &quot;polyrhythms,&quot; &quot;world music,&quot; and of course &quot;Eno&quot; are bandied about to no end in discussing this record, but none of them do it justice.  This record is vastly more experimental, cohesive, organic, and challenging than any allusion to ethnic music might imply - namely because it's still a postpunk record made by a (not quite post)punk band.<br />The record is less a collection of &quot;dance&quot; songs (as has been suggested) than a series of arrangements of textures, all layered expertly, intelligently, and beautifully.  This is music that covers all the bases:  it's aesthetically gorgeous, stunning in its scope, provocative in its implications, ingenious in its arrangements, and purposeful in its presentation.  That a band so entrenched in New York's downtown punk scene made this record is a feat that only makes it more impressive.  (Can you imagine Patti Smith or Richard Hell making a record like this?  God no.)  It's subtle - and yet dense as hell.  With every consecutive listen (and I listen to this thing every day) it reveals something equally original and equally compelling.<br />Too, 'Remain in Light' is a record that sounds alive.  It's organic, and it's vital.  It sounds like a process, like movement.  It's self-conscious, sure - but that may just be why it's going somewhere.  It's vast, almost dizzying.  It's both impressive and entertaining as hell.  It's incredibly perceptive, literate, and clear-sighted.  It's the reason, too, that later bands' existence (cf. Radiohead) were necessarily futile: this record had already been made, and none of them could do it.<br />I've not heard a single other record that sounds even remotely like this one - much less within the punk/postpunk scene that the Talking Heads called home.  This is a record that can afford to remain open-ended and invite listener participation precisely because it has so much to say and consider.  All glorious terminology aside, this record is up there with 'Tago Mago' and 'Daydream Nation' in my canon of amazing experimental rock albums:  it's brilliant, it's dynamic, it's organic, it's inspired, it's inspiring, and it's just huge.
B0001AP12G|5.0|First of all Kanye West is a breath of fresh air and he doesn't have to be 50 cent for 50 is witty and clever but he isn't all that lyrical either Kanye is no beat biter because his drum tracks hasn't been used and if you were really into hip hop you would know that because uses a lot of live instrumentation from piano and violin to name a few furthermore know besides me and my crew kontraband there isn't anybody else talking about what he talks about for example &quot;Jesus Walks&quot; , All falls down&quot; and  Family Business&quot;. So mookie stop being like pookie/ in search of a  glass pipe/ walking in the dark without a match or a flashlight/cause when comes to brightness your're somewhere near a 6watt/with just enough potential to get a gig up at the quick stop. Nah I'm kidding but kanye album is tight compare to a lot BS that has been forced fed to the masses. KONTRA WILL SOON CONQUER WITH A PRESSENCE THAT WILL BE MONSTEROUS AND FOREVER EMBEDDED INSIDE YOUR CONCIOUSNESS!!!!!!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|it's the best thing i heard this album coz im in thailand and the cd just release today and i bought it then i'm no word to tell coz her music is very impress me and touch my heart deeply. every songs is the best and worth to wait all many years so maybe others said this cd is lower than the previous ones but i think the music cant stay the same like this one it show me that the song is hard to listen but easy to feel .get one of it and u will find that what is the best cd in this year !!!!
B00004Y62T|4.0|Tension. That`s the word that better applies to this movie. Anthony Minghella (\\"The English Patient\\") suceeds in all levels and delivers an impressive adaptation of Patricia Highstmiths` novels. The direction is first rate, the cast magnificent, the locations and set designs appropriate, the photography sophisticated and Gabriel Yared`s soundtrack profound.<br />Matt Damon is perfectly cast as the complex, ambiguous and troubled Tom Ripley, as is Jude Law as Dickie Greenleaf, his nemesis/ object of desire. Gwyneth Paltrow, Cate Blanchett and Philip Seymour Hoffman also shine here. This truly is an unpredictable, suspenseful and twisted movie, one that goes back and forth with precious attention to detail. The pacing is for the most part slow, it takes a while to develop but when it does the viewer becomes immersed in the absorbing storyline. <br />This is one of the best pictures about obssession, desire, identity and despair, showcasing Ripley`s oscilation between sanity and madness in a subtle, intelligent and deep way. Minghella also dares to explore his characters` ventures into homosexuality in a risky and tension-filled move that makes for some disturbing and surprising scenes. The ending is particularly powerful and unsettling.<br />\\"The Talented Mr. Ripley\\" is a rich, seductive, intricated and multi-layered cinematic experience, being both beautiful and sinister. It`s a strong and moving character-study and a slick, excellent piece of filmmaking. A must see.
B000063DFN|5.0|\\"Powerslave\\" stands alongside \\"Number of the Beast\\" as their greatest album, starting out with a pure adrenaline rush with \\"Aces High,\\" and \\"Two Minutes To Midnight.\\" The starting gate songs are so powerful that the subsequent songs, great as they are, seem anti-climactic. That is not a knock on the other tunes, it's just that the first two tracks on \\"powerslave\\" are so intense.<br />What I think works so well in \\"Aces High\\" is that, unlike a lot of Iron Maiden's great songs, is that they keep the lyrics simple but active. So many of their tunes tell great stories, but \\"Aces High\\" gives you this \\"in the moment, hands-on the guns\\" battle feel. The equally cool \\"Two Minutes To Midnight\\" lyrics paints the entire landscape of an apocalyptic war scenario, where \\"Aces High\\" shows the battle up close. <br />\\"Two Minutes To Midnight\\" has the same musical intensity that \\"Aces High\\" does, but the lyrics are polar opposites. While I don't picture the anti-war crowd chanting \\"Give Peace a Chance\\" with Iron Maiden melodies cranking in the background, I can't think of a harder, more effective song describing the horrors of global war. Nothing silly or touchy-feely here, just a crass no-nonsense indictment on greed, power, and warfare.<br />If you're only going to buy one Iron Maiden CD for your collection, well..... reconsider, and buy two Iron Maiden CDs: \\"Number of the Beast\\" and this album. Iron Maiden really is that good; just one of their works is not enough.
6305313687|3.0|A solid, worthwile movie on its own, \\"American History X\\" falls a bit short of being a masterpiece. Tony Kaye`s directional debut is a strong piece of filmmaking, a poignant urban drama about racism and the way youth deals with it. <BR><br />The plot focuses the relationship of Derek Vinyard (an excellent Edward Norton) and his younger brother Danny (Edward Furlong, also well cast), who live in a Californian neighborhood. Derek and his friends have strong neo-nazi convictions, an ideology that they have chosen (or were just manipulated) while were dealing with the difficult task of growing up and its common alienating process.<BR>After Derek spends some time in prison, his views of society change and he becomes a more tolerant, reasonable person and struggles to get his brother away from some racist influences. Kaye knows how to deliver a gritty and realistic atmosphere, with an intriguing visual style and some tense and suspenseful moments. <br />There are a couple of brutal, strong scenes here to enhance the violence and latent danger of extreme racist actions. However, the tone of the movie is uneven, switching between a dry, dark and credible approach or a more emotional and somewhat predictable perspective. This situation is better noticed in the not too surprising ending, that almost seems like an afterschool special. <BR>Despite some stereotyped moments, \\"American History X\\" is still a consistent effort, one that is both captivating and meaningful, way above most of the mind-numbing \\"movies\\" out there. <BR><br />Director Tony Kaye also deserves recognition for presenting two young racists that are not stupid, dumb, one-dimensional characters, just confused and reluctant individuals who still don`t know how to deal with their world. <BR>A good, though-provoking movie.
0783226845|4.0|Pacino plays a blind retired army colonel.  During a school break, he is baby sat by one of the students.  The student has a problem in that he is facing being expelled for a prank against a professor that he did not commit.<br />Pacino is a very dynamic character and he takes the student to New York for a little fun.  During the time in New York, the rough Pacino starts to become like a father to the student.  Little by little you start to realize that the purpose of the visit is really for one last good time before Pacino does something drastic.<br />Pacino gives one of his best performances in a long scene where he takes on the University's governers to defend the student.
B00013RC8O|5.0|I currently have about 350 DVDs in my collection, and this classic movie is one of the best transfers to DVD I have seen to date. This thing looks cleaner than it did in the theatre! The mono sound track is very good also, but it is mono. There is a small offereing of special features, including audio commentary by director Richard C. Sarafian.<br />This movie really was ahead of it's time. The camera angles and zooms are still impressive! Well worth the 10 bucks I paid...and then some!
014028009X|4.0|Bridget Jones's Diary is a really fun book.  Encompassing a year or so, each entry in the diary begins with Bridget's &quot;stats&quot; for the day (her weight, alcohol units consumed, cigarettes smoked, etc.) <br />Helen Fielding's writing is very readable and above all, extremely funny.  In my opinion, the book's greatest asset was the time spent on developing the rapports between the characters.  Hardly any time was spent on this in the film, which in my opinion was rather disappointing (although the film did have Colin Firth).<br />You'll want to know what's going to happen with Bridget and everyone else, and you'll be surprised how difficult it is to put this book down!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This is Hollywood promotional fraud at its finest. During the first 15 minutes my wife reached the point where she could not stand it. Since I purchaed it I perservered to the bitter end. What a waste of time. Save your money.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This album is amazing.  Every guest spot on the album lives up to their reputation and didn't just half-a$$ it like cameos usually do.  The beats are very well done.  The only thing I can find wrong with this album is the amount of skits, but those are pretty funny.  If you haven't bought this album yet you need to right now.
B0001AP12G|4.0|This album is ill. Kanye isn't Jay-Z or Talib Kweli or any of his special guests, so you shouldn't place much stock in his skills as an MC, although this debut is supposed to be about his rapping skills. It's not that they're horrible, its just that he's not doing anything new lyrically. In fact, he makes a large amount of references to other people's rap songs. In his defense, he also says a lot of honest things about himself, rap, and people in genereal, so all we remember that he's trying to make art AND money, not just the latter. The problem comes when this man's skills on the mic have to live up to the skill of his production. How's that gonna work when your beats are as sick as Kanye's? Sampled or not, if it's ill, it's ill. End of story. To say College Dropout redefines any standards or defeinitions within the genre of hip-hop is to be foolish. To say that this album is a breath of fresh artistic air amongst a stale scene (from an artist who's earned his keep) is more realistic. So if you're not completely against things that are catchy (hatin-ass underground hip hop heads) but are sick of hip-hop's B2K status, then take this album in it's full form as a pill. It'll cure what ails you.
0385510438|5.0|This book was a great fast read -- I wanted it to go on longer.
B00018D44U|5.0|Given the tremendous success of Norah Jones' first album, it is inevitable that the critics are gunning for her this time around. Don't pay the critics any mind...this album is perfection! Norah remains true to her jazz and blues roots but manages to infuse a subtle hint of country. Not so different from Come Away With as to alienate fans of that album, but different enough to make it stand apart. Fantastic!
B00018D44U|2.0|You can definitely tell she listened to the critics with this new CD. She writes her own songs, and it shows. Cliched lyrics (deep blue sea, butterflies, etc...). She is not the &quot;indy&quot; darling, Blue Note is owned by Capitol. She has a great voice, but has definitely been marketed to the birkenstock baby boomer crowd and has benefitted from that. Put this next to your Enya CDs on the shelf.
B00018D44U|2.0|Come away with me was a rare find and is one of my favorite CD's. It is very seldom you find a CD where you actually love all of the songs and don't do a lot of track searching.  <BR>After much anticipation and excitement,Feels Like Home finally arrived and it definitely needs a vacation. This CD lost soul along the way; actually about half way through the first track. I searched and searched for a song I actually liked on this CD and disappointingly didn't find one. I also was very disappointed when I was surprised with Dolly Parton's contribution. If I wanted to hear Dolly Parton I would buy one of her CD's and yes there is a huge difference between blues and country.  This CD probably will be a hit with the country music fans.  Norah go back to what you do best !!!!!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Others have written better and more complete reviews here. I only want to add another five-star vote. I stumbled across this series looking for something to fill the sci-fi/fantasy void left by Farscape's untimely demise. At first, I looked into Kevin Sorbo's \\"Andromeda\\" series (what a disaster!) and then I came across \\"Firefly.\\" It's at turns a dark (by that I mean it's occasionally bloody, creepy, gruesome, and sexy--this is not a series for children of any age, in my opinion) but also a funny and winsome series that I really loved. The story is ongoing and complex, and the chemistry and acting of the nine principal characters in this series is nothing short of amazing. <br />The only downside to this series is that it finally ends. Come on, Firefly movie! (Some of the latest web rumors I've read even suggest that the film version being developed has been rewritten to serve less as an \\"epilogue\\" and more as a [possible] return of this very fine series to television. I sure hope these rumours are accurate.)
B00005JMCT|5.0|Let me start off by saying...I LOVE the whole AMERICAN PIE series of movies...but I originally had my doubts about this one.  To me the premise sounded a bit forced.  An American Wedding?  Come on.  But...once I saw the movie I told everyone I knew they had to see this movie.<br />I was glad to see that Stifler was more of a main character in this movie...because he is always good for several laughs...and the whole mess-up with the flowers shows that Stifler is a multidementional character...not just one who likes to antagonize everyone.<br />As always the movie was chocked full of slapstick and bathroom humor. It was so funny I nearly peed my pants!<br />The only thing I was disappointed by was that the character of OZ wasn't brought back into the fold. It kind of left him up in the air.<br />I really don't think this is going to be the last American Pie movie...because I think American Pie: The Family would be a great one.
B000089RVX|2.0|I'm inclined to agree with those who give this album one star. It's not a terrible album though but a little annoying. Terrible is when there's really nothing good you can say about an album. That isn't the case with this title as her voice is pretty good albeit somewhat contrived and a little one-dimensional. I appreciate the lack of color it brings to the tunes but it seems to process everything on the album to the consistency of peanut butter. Song after song spreads out the same, which makes it a little boring for me. Unfortunately that kind of goes for the guitarwork as well which seems to follow a straight line driving at a high speed into one direction... no turns or twists and not very interesting. <br />That being said it's not a bad album just lacking. They need someone who knows how to write lyrics as these are pretty lame and without any depth. The keyboard adds an interesting dimension but is probably the only thing about this title that isn't thoroughly predictable. The whole thing just sounds too much like a processed recipe to sell albums and play on a fashion without anything new or innovative about it. A little metal, a pinch of prog,, one cup depressing imagery, add keyboards to thicken and let gel overnight... best served in low light with tarnished cutlery.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|This is the first movie I have ever bought that didn't allow me to skip the previews at the beginning of the disc. It allows me to fast forward through them, but I can't simply skip to the DVD menu. Does anyone else have this problem?<br />I'm afraid I'll have to return it. I refuse to be forced to sit through advertisements on a disc I own.
B0000067L2|5.0|If you could, it would end up being Disraeli Gears.  Despite the wonderful sense of humor that the trio shows at many points in the album (including the title, for homework, go and find out why they called it that), this album really comes across as a serious piece of work that can be called nothing less than art.  Along with Are You Experienced, Disraeli Gears provides the sonic backdrop of what you EXPECT psychadelic rock to sound like.<br />The music is fat, thick, and makes you feel like you are listening through a haze of wah and fuzz.  Sure, even the remastered sound quality is well below the standards of many of today's recordings, but that is what makes it feel like a throwback to a different age.<br />If for nothing else, buy this album so that you can enjoy Tales of Brave Ulysses.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|I have to say that this was problably the most moving movie i have EVER seen
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Instead of telling you how much I know about the Beatles and having you think of me as a pompous record geek, I am going to tell you two things about this album:<br />1.  You will know every track on this album and will likely be able to sing along with it right out of the wrapper.<br />2.  There are seminal pieces of Beattle-mania that are not included on this album because they were not number one hits.  You can fault EMI for that if you want, but they had to draw the line somewhere, and when a band has enough #1's to fill a whole CD, that is probably a good demarcation point.<br />In my mind, the first comment was more important than the second, enough for me to give it 4 stars.  Buy it and enjoy!
0316666343|4.0|I had to read this book for a school project. Before I signed up to get it, I was warned that it is a deeply disturbing book.<br />And it was. The first few chapters will make you cringe at the description of, and the events following up to, the protagonist's rape and murder. From then on, you'll hate Mr. Harvey more than you've ever hated a literary villain before. You'll want so badly for the living characters to avenge Susie's death.<br />Unfortunately, the book often strays from what should be the main plot: Susie's father's pursuit of her killer. The side stories of Susie's friends and family are indeed relevent, but frankly they aren't all that interesting to the reader. Even worse, the ending feels rushed and incomplete. The resolution just didn't seem right at all.<br />Despite its flaws, &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; is extremely well-written, and I would recommend it. It is a book that shakes you up from the start and bounces back and forth from story to story then on. Definitely worth a look.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I have never been a big Bill Murray fan.  I have seen most of his movies, but never really appreciated his comedy, or his style.  I was very pleased with his performance in this film, playing the washed up Harris with just the right amounts of star quality and despondent resolution to his fate as a man on the way out of fame.<br />For a movie that has a funny man in the leading role, I found that most of the movie just made me very sad, but I found myself laughing all the same.  The scenes in which Johanssen and Murray play together are filled with laughter and the happiness that one feels when surrounded by friends, and are starkly contrasted by the scenes in which they are apart, and we are reminded of the fact that the characters are away from home and loved ones.  As a frequent traveller, I know both of these feelings well, the laughter during the day that makes you forget that you are far from home, and how it often hits you like a ton of bricks when you are alone in your hotel room.<br />Admittedly, the mere emotion of travel does not a good movie make.  What made me enjoy the movie more was the fact that it took place in Japan.  Having spent some time there myself, I watched this film and often found myself remembering odd occurances and the eccentricities one finds while being an American in Japan (the scene in the private Karaoke suite is great).  To add to this, the literal issues of translation were staggeringly funny, but mostly because I have been faced with them before.  The concept of &quot;translating&quot; a culture is nowhere more evident than when comparing American and Japanese life, which share many similarities, but diverge at critical points to make the experience sometimes frustrating, but often humorous in retrospect.  I think that this movie captures this feeling in such a marvelous manner.<br />My final recommendation would be as follows:<BR>If you deal with Japanese culture or have visited Japan, see this movie.<br />If you have never been to Japan, don't let that discourage you, but keep in mind that you may have the urge to turn to your viewing partners all the time and say: &quot;what was that about?&quot;.
0316666343|4.0|Sebold's magic hands create a sense of wonder that is so different from other authors and unexpectedly unique; her writing presents such a vivid image in which I feel there is no difference between the characters in the book and myself. This is not another ordinary book that would bore the readers to sleep, the path is not too slow or too fast, it is perfect. Occasionally, Sebold lingers too much time on one subject that I don't think it is necessary. The story itself and the characters are so well arranged; the intimate relationship among the characters is portrayed in such a realistic manner that it grabs my heart and tears begin to overflow my eyes. <br />What interests me the most is that the story is told by a dead girl named Susie, not only what she sees, but also a reflection from the past mingled with the present that inform the readers what she values more and less on. Family relationship is constantly revealed throughout the book; perhaps Sebold is taking the readers to another level of loss and gain. Susie's family encounters her death, and certainly they are going through a hard time, but her death is a turning point for each of them in his/her life individually. Each of her family members learns to accept the Susie's absence, in fact, Susie, seems to be a taboo to them. While reading the book, the idea of feminism gradually rises to the surface where female characters begin to shape the heart of the story, where women are no longer dependent on men, and where women are more important than what they think they are.<br />\\"The Lovely Bones\\"is strongly recommended to people who are feminists, who love to read a book that typical teenage girls like to read, and who want to read a different kind of story.
0060920084|4.0|As a resident of a nasty little small town, I had a secret desire to read the Bryson had driven through our area and promptly turned around, head held high in disgust at how far from Utopia we are.  After all, we don't even have a town square, much less a white picket fence or a quaint church.  Alas, he probably had some good information that told him to steer clear.  There was a self depricating part of my that wanted to be told that I lived in a culturally devoid cesspool, if for nothing else than to validate my own feelings.<br />Even though I felt left out, I still enjoyed the rambling rants of a man looking for something that he knows he won't find.  I am certainly not a literary critic, so I won't make a pretentious attempt to tell you how this book fits in with the rest of American literature.  However, I have driven more than my fair share of this country, and have been to a few of the towns that Bryson visited (and many more just like them), and found this book a wholeheartedly amusing look at what makes us American.  More importantly, he doesn't embellish the way we are (at least not obviously), and the folks out there who get indignant at reading his work are often to shortsighted to just observe that he is right!<br />If you read this book in series with Notes From a Small Island, you will gain the perspective of Bryson applying the same formula of work to England.  The fact that I read these in that order made me think that Bryson came back to America just because he had exhausted the humor potential in England (much as Jerry complains that Tim Watley converted to Judaism purely for the jokes on an episode of Seinfeld).  If nothing else, this book will forever kill that desire in you to get off the interstate and go searching for the perfect small town you remember visiting when you were a kid.
B000002MIB|5.0|I will agree that one negative is the large number of tracks from the For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge album.  Being that this tour supported that album, it was bound to happen, especially since there were only 3 Hagar-era albums to that point.<br />However, I like the sound -- it makes me feel like I am there and not just an re-recorded studio album.  The solos are typical of a Van Halen concert which again makes me feel like I am there.  This album is good for those Hagar-era Van Halen fans or a Sammy fan that like live albums.  It is meant for a select group, and it delivers to that group.<br />As an aside, I wish artists/record labels would stop doing albums in the soft CD-covers.  Come on -- spring for some plastic already!
079284131X|4.0|The soul of a derranged serial killer Charles Lee Ray is transported into a Good Guy doll named Chucky.A mother buys the doll from a man in an alley for her son Andy's birthday.Little does she know that the doll has a life of its own.When Andy's babysitter \\"falls\\" from the window of his apartment he blames it on Chucky,and of course nobody believes little Andy,until Chucky tries to implant his soul into Andy's body.A good little horror film for what it is,without gore, and sex too.This would be a good one for kids that enjoy horror films.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|It has been a long long time since I have laughed so much! Fabulously Acted, Brilliantly Cast, A sophisticated comedy that leaves you feeling that there is an escape from the vacuous tripe that hollywood are passing off as comedy these days.  Diane Keaton is stunning and Jack Nicholson is well Jack Nicholson!  Keanu Reeves does romance better than I have ever seen him, Not a bit Wooden! The audience in the theatre were in fits of laughter! See it, See it, See it!
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|The idea of Scary Movie seemed great,but the results aren't so great.Entertaining to say the least,up the story line follows Scream to closely for most of the movie.Some of the humor is funny,but I don't really care to see women with male body parts or male parts in someones ear.
B00013RC8O|4.0|for opening my eyes to this movie. Some of the &quot;Show me how to live&quot; music video contains footage and/or ideas from &quot;Vanishing Point&quot;. The VHS was hard to find, and a DVD didnt even exist - until now. So, if you're a muscle car fan, or an Audioslave fan, you're gonna want to check this out. And while you're at it - go buy &quot;Bullit&quot; too.
B0001AP158|3.0|very intimate surroundings and sound.  very good visual, however, what happened to the sound on Wanted dead or alive?  Jbj's voice seems to be very muffled!!! other than that dissapointment, it was worth the $13.99!  I do agree that the Crush dvd blows this out of the water!!!  Please release a concert dvd of your most recent tour
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Now that I have seen it, the hoopla surrounding this movie is quite interesting.  This is not a mainstream movie by any stretch of the imagination.  Some people think that any movie with such a description is for film snobs only.  Whatever, but I don't think you have to be a film snob to be affected by &quot;Lost In Translation&quot;.  You just need to appreciate the concept of a time, place, and a combination of people.  That is basically what the movie is.  There's no trajectory to the plot, really.  It just takes you through a few days and nights in modern Japan, with two different people from different generations yet with complementary mental states.  Either the viewer is with these people or s/he is not.  That's why I am surprised by its success, because I wouldn't think that many people would care.  I think they only really care about Bill Murray, and want to laugh.  Most of those people will be disappointed.  It doesn't mean they can't appreciate a good movie, it just means they aren't in it for the short ride.  I'm sure that if many of those people revisit the film in 10 or 20 years, they might think differently.  And that is always the true test of a great film.  I am looking forward to seeing if it holds up over time.  <br />But not for nothing, at least try to enjoy two of the years best performances on film.  Young Scarlett deserves just as much attention as Bill does.  Her pitch was perfect all throughout, just the way I would have wanted it if I were the director.  And I for one thought the ending was just right.  I would have been tempted to go for a more sentimental conclusion, but this one is very moving nonetheless.  <br />Another reason why I liked this movie so much is because it sort of reminds me of my favorite film, &quot;Midnight Cowboy&quot;.  That hardly ever happens.  It's interesting to see it in a modern context with different dynamics, though the basic themes of loneliness and redemption through human contact are there.  To express those themes this eloquently does not happen often on film.  This is truly a work of art.
B00018D44U|4.0|This is a great CD, I love it!  Not as much as I love Come away with me though... So seeing as Come away with me would get the full 5 stars and then some... I had to only give this one 4.
B0001I561E|1.0|I'm so tired of waiting for Disney to release their movies onto DVD. Then after several months they'll vault them for ten years, by then my son won't care about watching Disney movies. Why can't they make them available to parents on demand? \\"Building consumer demand\\", sounds like Disney doesn't really want my money anyway. If you're lucky enough to get this movie before the dealers grab them all up (just to charge you triple or more of the original price after it's re-vaulted.)then you're doing good. Pixar was smart enough to say enough is enough when will we, as consumers do the same. Do yourself a favor buy a Dreamworks animated film like Antz, Chicken Run or Shrek. Disney films are way to over-rated. My son really enjoys 'Quest for Camelot' and 'Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius'.
047158651X|4.0|My biochem class &quot;officially&quot; uses the Lehninger textbook, but my professor also uses the voet&amp;voet as a reference.  I'll say the Lehninger book is good to read as intro, but if you really want to learn the details you've to use this book instead.  I think not a single biochemistry book out there is good enough for every aspects, but i'll highly recommend using the voet text along with another one so they can fill each other's holes.
0385504209|4.0|The \\"Da Vinci Code\\" by Dan Brown is an amazing novel that left me sitting back in my chair, amazed and dazed about what I just read. Brown's extensive research on western society and the Catholic Church's history shows numerous times throughout his novel. He touches on people's knowledge and dares to write about and change history as we know it. In reading this book, I was unable to put it down but when I did, it was for practical reasons such as sleeping or school. Throughout the book, I found myself going on-line looking up Da Vinci works such as \\"Madonna on the Rocks\\" or \\"The Last Supper\\" to see if what Brown was writing about was true. Although, in the middle of the book, the suspense slowed and became a little dry, the desire to know what becomes of the characters keeps you motivated to finish.
0671027344|5.0|PERKS is such an outstanding novel. After THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez (which another reviewer recommended), it's the best novel I've read in at least a year! It transcends what is typical and expected for books about awkward teenagers and reaches deeper into the meaning of self discovery. As I read the book, I was finding myself more intrigued by Charlie, the narrator, because he reminds me so much of myself. He's the type of kid that seems so ordinary but has such an extraordinary mind. Charlie is so likeable and anybody can relate to him. He has this unique and rare thought process that is simplistic yet reaches high levels of intrigue and complexity. All the events, both happy and sad, that occur are things that happen to everyday people. Readers can empathize with Charlie and understand Chbosky's tone about the struggles of being a teenager. This is one of the most readable books I've come across and I think teenagers would thoroughly enjoy it, so I highly recommend it.
B00006BTCA|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out and I still can't stop listening to it.  This album is that good.  It's one of the few that you can actually listen to the whole way through.  Interpol is in a league of their own.  I can't wait for the next album.
6304082428|5.0|This movie is so beautiful! The costumes, the scenery, the language.... Jane Austen would be proud of this performance. The acting is impeccable--especially by Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle. I urge you to buy this version if you want to see the book accurately come to life. You will not be sorry you did!
B000068IEU|1.0|I was looking through movies at the store and I seen that it was a horror and directed by Wes Craven, even though it was an older movie I bought it before previewing it.  It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I watched it and then a couple days later against my advice my husband stuck it in the DVD player to watch it, he couldn't even finish watching it.  So it got stuck next to all of our other DVD's until one day I seen my son stuck it in, so it got turned right off and thrown in the trash where it belongs.  Drugs, rape, kidnapping & murder, no more to this movie than that. A truely horrible and distastefully done movie!  I had to give it one star because the option to choose none was not available!
B00005JLXE|1.0|It is a crime that Ben Affleck has the ability to get good roles like this and Screw up what could have been a good movie if someone else had gotten the leading role.  Ben Affleck tries to incorporate the magic of the Spider-man movie into this steaming pile of crap, but everything about it is awful.  Jennifer Garner's character has no depth, Jon Favreau is annoying and does not make the film any better, and Affleck is not believable as a super-hero with great fighting skill.  Cuba Gooding Jr. would have been GREAT as Daredevil and is a much better actor than Affleck ever was.  Even Silent Bob would be a better Daredevil than Affleck.  Don't bother wasting your time with this
B000088E6D|5.0|Put on the headset at the megarecordstore, took a short 'spin' through all the baker's dozen tracks and was sold.<BR>They've managed to cram a lot of great material on this cd - it's one I will enjoy for a long time to come. <BR> I read on Billboard today that this Album is up for Album of the Year in Canada, and that Buble is also nominated as best new artist. No surprise on either count.
B000002J03|5.0|Led Zeppelin are one of my favourite bands of all time: so I am a bit biased, but this album is so amazing that it should mean something to non Zep-heads. The deep bass (John-Paul Jones), howling vocals (Robert Plant), rip-roaring guitar (Jimmy Page), smashing drums (John Bonham) and groovy keyboards (John-Paul Jones again, with Robert Plant on the mouth organ)all mix for the perfect hard rock sound that still appeals to thousands today. Whole Lotta Love, Heartbreaker, Moby Dick and Livin' Lovin' (She's Just A Woman) are hard rock classics. What Is And What Should Never Be is one of their best rock/jazz songs of all time, and the jazz of the other tracks shows their blues background. All in all this album will blow you away: get it now!<BR>I would also recommend Led Zep I, III and IV, Houses of the Holy and Presence.
B00007L4MJ|2.0|I was enjoying this right up until halftime, when the defective disc stopped playing.  The biggest problem with the film is with aspects that could have been corrected.<br />KINO has no basis taking a German titled silent film, removing the German titles from the film and transposing \\" digital \\" English titles.  It really damages the film, and some of us who can read German would have preferred having the option of either original German titles by themselves or having english subtitles underneath the German from the actual film.<br />One part, where the Tower of Babel is described as \\"Praised by one and cursed by many \\" actually shows the German titles, by mistake, first! You may have to stop/freeze to see the German.  What a sloopy restoration!<br />I do not know about the jerky movements of the actors in the film. Some have said that it was an error by KINO that undermines Lang's original cut.  No question though, the movements are incredibly jerky and stilted throughout the film.<br />Of course, this dvd is worth getting, there seems to be no other edition out.
0375432302|5.0|I loved this novel. The author Dan Brown put so much research into the events, documents, religions, art work, and factual information so the readers could receive accurate information. The description given in the story made me feel as if I were there, whitnessing all of the action. This novel is thrilling and suspensful up through the very end. Many people recommended this to me and after reading it I definitely recommend this to you.
B00018D44U|3.0|This highly-anticipated latest release by Norah Jones, after her sensational tour-de-force debut album two years ago, is regretfully disappointing.<br />&quot;Feels Like Home&quot; comes up short to its predecessor, &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;, in both artistic originality and lyrical beauty.  In short, Ms. Jones is unable to capture the same magnetic spark and energy she so beautifully demonstrated in her 1st album.<br />Purchase &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; only if you're a big fan of Ms. Jones', otherwise please dutifully wait for her next work--hopefully one that is representative of her unparalleled talent.
B000001Y79|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums by this group.  My favorite is their self-titled debut album.  On this CD, my favorite songs are Different People, Don't Speak, Just A Girl, Tragic Kingdom... well, the whole CD, really.  Whenever I'm looking through my CD binder, I always find myself putting this CD or No Doubt's first album in my CD player.
B00005JMFR|1.0|I rated this movie before I could thoroughly understand it. I saw it again and I am changed. I would change this from a one to about a 3. I liked it, not enough to keep it for my collection, but good enough to watch it more than once.
B00009TB5G|5.0|The extended edition Two Towers footage was much more worth while than for Fellowship.  Much more fleshing out of the subplots and characters.  Less explanatory footage so I did not feel so spoon fed.  Included are storyline explainations to placate the purists.<br />The Aragorn Arwen love interest gets a lot of attention as does Aowen providing more triangle tension.<br />Faramirs character/subplot gets much more attention and detailed thus making him a more &quot;real&quot; person.  I recall someone asserting racism to the Ring trilogy, with Faramirs story line in mind one can only say that those who are determined to find shall find their determination.<br />The climactic battle did not get much more attention, I had desired more detail on the sally out from the keep as I thought this was the weakest part of the battle.  The Ents did get more attention however Saruman was still a bystander to the fight.<br />Hard to nitpick  such a fine film but even with movie length extension footage the job is never finished.  This movie trilogy could go on and on and on... after all, we are only discussing the final chapters of the Third Age!<br />All in all the Two Towers extended edition is well worth the extra cash for those with the fortitude to sit out a 4 hour movie.  This reminds me of the Chinese Heroic Drama's... only 16 chapters long!<br />I look forward to Return of the King Extended edition.
B000000W5L|5.0|i belive that this is one of the most beatiful rock albums of all time, in addition to sticky fingers and the white album of The Beatles.Here you can find blues country and of course rock. My favorite songs are the opener rocks off where you can feel the power that you'll feel in almost the whole cd, then you have casino boogie, a great blues,and the classic tumbling dice;after this you have an acustic part of 3 songs where the greatest in my opinion in sweet virginia a country feel song, after this you will hear Richard's classic Happy, one of the most emotional songs in the Stones catalog, then you have ventilator blues another great blues,<br />I just want to see his face  is a musical experimentation that question, &iquest;who really is Jesus?. Another great song is shine a ligth, an ode to the passed Brian Jones.<br />In conclusion, i belive this is a very consistent album as a whole, a good way to spend your money , a must have for any rock<br />and roll fan.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kayne has a smoothness about him that he portrays on the album. He's not about glocks and murda. He's not pretending to be somthing he's not. This album is real and I look forward to more releases from Kayne. ______Bring Back Jay-Z.______
B0000042MY|5.0|This CD is just simply amazing. The music is deeply stiring and it makes one feel like they swept away into the romantic world that Cooper created in his novel. At some points, it as if one can see Hawkeye, Cora, Heyward, Uncas and Alice. All the pieces are powerful their own right, but taken as a whole they piece together a musical quilt that is stunning. The fact that two composers worked on the CD is evident, but it adds a depth that I find to be quite intruging. The last song is a haunting Irish tune that sums up both the CD and the movie very well. It is a must have if musical scores and instrumentals are in one's tastes. Even if they aren't, this is still superb music that is a full sensory experience!
0385504209|3.0|I love good fiction, and the Da Vinci code is just that.  It brings up a lot of issues that most people are just too frigtened to look into.  ONe of them is that, maybe, just maybe, Jesus was a human being who lived like a human being!<br />I also like the idea of there being a conspiracy, since one of the best books on the subject of Christianity is &quot;The Christ Conspiracy,&quot; which I think everybody should read.<br />Hey, it might not go so far as we'd like it to, but the Da Vinci Code is sure a start to findiung out the truth about religion.<br />Wake up everybody!
0425098478|4.0|My comments on this book are as follows:<br />- Easy to read <BR>The story is very short and the English is simple. It can be understand by the readers easily.<br />- Clear messages<BR>The messages of this book are very clear. Firstly, how to use one minute setting the goals with the employee? It can make employee clearer to understand what is the main focus on their job. It is one of the useful ways to increase the employee productivity.<br />Then, base on the employee later performance, manager will either give them a one-minute praise or a one-minute reprimand. If the employee receives praise, it means that they perform in the right way; otherwise, it means that they perform in the wrong way.<br />- Practice<BR>Reader can learn how to be a good manager in this book. The messages bring in this book is practical and useful. It can help the reader develop the leadership skill. Moreover, it can also help readers know how to increase the employee productivity and how to reduce the misunderstanding of employee.
B00003CXC7|5.0|\\"Rear Window,\\" \\"Vertigo,\\" and \\"Psycho\\" are three movies every film lover should see.  Hitchcock was a true craftsman and this may be his masterpiece. There's a little bit of a voyeur in everyone, which is why it's such an inspired concept for a movie.  For those who like thrillers, it's sure to be a favorite.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This movie is one of the worst that I've ever seen and my dead grandmother could have done a better job than Bill Murray ...<BR>When the credits rolled at the end of the movie, I had two conflicting thoughts ... First ... hey wait, the story hasn't <BR>even started yet ... what's the story??? and 2. THANK GOD IT'S OVER !!!!  Only intellectual snobs who are totally clueless but feel they have to be PC will say that they honestly like this <BR>movie ...
B00005JKC3|1.0|Ang Lee directing \\"The Hulk\\" held as much, if not more, promise for me as Tim Burton directing the original \\"Batman.\\" But, the trailer for \\"The Hulk\\" was an exciting buildup to a lousy movie. The story lacked any focus, Bana played Bruce Banner all wrong, and Lee's use of that ridiculous CGI Hulk was a horrendous mistake.
B0000CABBW|1.0|Columbia Tristar Home Entertainment has hidden two surprises on its Special Edition DVD of 'Whale Rider' that are not immediately obvious. Here's how to locate them.<BR>From the DVD's Main Menu go to the 'Special Features' and there select the 'TV Spots' menu entry. On the next submenu highlight the menu entry' Special Features' at the bottom of the screen and then press the 'Right' arrow key on your remote control. This will give you access to the original New Zealand theatrical trailer for the film.<BR>Now go back to the 'Special Features' menu and highlight the 'Main Menu' entry at the bottom of the screen. Press the 'Left' arrow key on your remote control to get access to a 6-minute clip, which is eleven year-old Keisha Castle-Hughes's remarkable audition tape that won her the role of Paikea in the film. Despite having no previous acting experience, Keisha was chosen from thousands of girls in an extensive school-wide search.<br />I just wanted all you who own this DVD to know of these 2 hidden extras, you will LOVE them!!
B000066NW0|1.0|i like totally love avril!! she is the best singer in the whole wide world and if u don't like it ur just jealous of how hardcore she is! she's a punk princess and i am too, cuz i shop at hot topic and my fave type clothes is dickies! and i have a bad attitude and am not someone u want to mess with!!! i love how she plays guitar, she can play it sooooooooo much better than all of those really ugly heavy metal guys! and her lyrics also really remind me of myself, like in i'm with you and sk8er boy becuz im really just trying to find where i belong and i love other sk8er who carry around their skateboards!!! i sk8 too, i can do an ollie! but yeah she is so cool, if you don't have this cd already you are like the stupidest person in the world!!!! it's so like hard core.
B00005JM02|5.0|I went to see this movie in the theater and was sooned turned off by it from the 2 kindergarten classes that were in the theater (50-60 screaming children with 5-6 adults trying to calm them all down) <br />Later when this movie came out on DVD, i bought it to see if i would like it. I DO !!! <br />This movie has some great moments for both adults and children. Adults will pick up on a couple more of the subitle jokes, while kids seem to like the silly parts and the movie still teaches a lesson, and while you knew that the lesson was there it wasn't plastered everywhere. Making it easier to just enjoy the movies
B0000DJZAH|1.0|This is the 3rd and hopefully last cd of Tommy I'm going to buy. I had the double, and then the single cd re-master. CD 1 is the original album, and CD 2 are out-takes and demos. <br />Is it worth it?<BR>I'd say yes if you are an avid Who fan and completist, as I am.<BR>The casual fan should get the regular re-mastered version.
0385015364|5.0|Some books are timeless classics. In the world of Christian classics Orthodoxy is one of them.  It is G. K. Chesterton's account of his search for authentic Christianity in the midst of the conflicting voices of the modern world.  So it is both deeply theological and also personal, even quirky, in its critical review of the various other, opposing approaches to life.<br /><br />Chesterton was a contemporary of Leo Tolstoy, H. G. Wells and George Bernard Shaw.  Much of what he writes is \\"in answer\\" to them and their divergent views of the meaning of life.<br /><br />Chesterton came to a deeply held Christian faith that took its outward expression in his 1922 conversion to Roman Catholicism. Today, Chesterton is best remembered as the creator of the \\"Father Brown\\" detective stories, but he was a prolific writer, penning studies of Robert Browning (1903) and Charles Dickens (1906), novels including The Napoleon of Notting Hill (1904) and The Man Who Was Thursday (1908), poems, collected in 1927 and essays, collected in Tremendous Trifles (1909) and Come to Think of It (1930).<br /><br />In the opening chapter of Orthodoxy, Chesterton \\"eliminates the competition\\" by skewering competing world-view theories, showing their warts and all.  He then describes flawed approaches to life that will lead to despair, in the second chapter, \\"The Suicide of Thought.\\"  Having put erroneous views to rest, for the remainder of the book he describes the central truths of Christianity as the only correct way of understanding creation and human life.<br /><br />Chesterton portrays himself as one who has traveled all around the world, only to have arrived at home again as if it were some new and strange land.  \\"Home\\" being the traditions of Christian faith.  Such a journey may seem unnecessary, but you will agree that same paradox appears in everything from Dorothy's journey in the \\"Wizard of Oz\\" to T. S. Eliot in \\"Little Gidding.\\"  It is the way of human kind, according to Chesterton, to seek and to find-even if what is found was \\"there all along.\\"  (A fact echoed in Chesterton's dedication of the book \\"To My Mother\\").<br /><br />Those who read Orthodoxy will travel with Chesterton as guide-which may be the best way to go, because he is an amusing intellectual companion who has trod that way before.<br /><br />Philip Yancey wrote the foreword to this edition and claims this book transformed his Christian understanding.  If that is not enough to tempt you to read it, perhaps this quotation will:  \\"The orthodox church never took the tame course or accepted the conventions; the orthodox church was never respectable...  It is easy to be a madman; it is easy to be a heretic.  It is always easy to let the age have its head; the difficult thing is to keep one's own.\\" (page 149).<br /><br />Chesterton has been called been called \\"the prince of paradox\\" because his theology is often robed in a light, energetic, rapid-paced and whimsical style.  This was brought about to no small degree by his custom of dictating all of his writings.  (A custom, we might note, shared by none other than the Apostle Paul).<br /><br />If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews, including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture, as well as religion and fiction.found was \\"there all along.\\"  (A fact echoed in Chesterton's dedication of the book \\"To My Mother\\").    Those who read Orthodoxy will travel with Chesterton as guide-which may be the best way to go, because he is an amusing intellectual companion who has trod that way before.    Philip Yancey wrote the foreword to this edition and claims this book transformed his Christian understanding.  If that is not enough to tempt you to read it, perhaps this quotation will:  \\"The orthodox church never took the tame course or accepted the conventions; the orthodox church was never respectable...  It is easy to be a madman; it is easy to be a heretic.  It is always easy to let the age have its head; the difficult thing is to keep one's own.\\" (page 149).    Chesterton has been called been called \\"the prince of paradox\\" because his theology is often robed in a light, energetic, rapid-paced and whimsical style.  This was brought about to no small degree by his custom of dictating all of his writings.  (A custom, we might note, shared by none other than the Apostle Paul).    If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews, including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture, as well as religion and fiction.
0385510438|5.0|The more novels John Grisham writes, the more he evolves as a storyteller. &quot;The Last Juror&quot; leans more toward current works such as &quot;Bleachers&quot; rather than his older, thriller-type works such as &quot;A Time To Kill&quot; or &quot;The Firm&quot;, so if you are looking for a pulse-racing thriller, this may not be for you. While the plot was a little predictable, it is still an enjoyable ride. One of my favorite aspects of this novel is how Grisham weaves characters from previous works that were set in the same town into the story, such as: Lucien Wilbanks, Harry Rex Vonner, Judge Noose, and there is even a brief mentioning of Judge Atlee (from The Summons). A delight for Grisham fans, but if you have never read Grisham before, I would suggest starting with &quot;The Runaway Jury&quot; or &quot;A Time To Kill&quot;.
B00005JKNC|5.0|An excellent role for carrey as he proves he can do any genre that comes his way. A great true american movie that touched us all and will make you cry on occasions and laugh. This is what our country needs. A great romantic drama the whole family will love to watch. Great cast and directing makes this movie one of carrey's best. 10/10
B00008H2LE|5.0|Linkin Park is a great band. That is the fact. They are extremely versatile, are always exploring new venues, never predictable.<br />This CD is definitely groundbreaking every track worth devoting your ear to. Regardless of mood, or occasion you will find something to satisfy your need. <br />The DVD especially makes it worth ALL your time. It does not have any live performances, but devotes the disc to their creation process and studio time, as well as the art production and reasoning, an overall entertaining and informative DVD.<br />Do yourself a favor - LISTEN to it.
0790729970|5.0|this is one of carrey's greatest moviesever made and is about a guy who finds a mask that soon becomes his alter ego, then he becomes a hillarious crime fighting hero giving wedges to every bad guy he meets. The animated show is even funnier.
B0001AP12G|5.0|i'm really feeling and excited about this album.  rarely these days am i pleased when i listen to a new cd, but i was pleasantly suprised to hear the quality of this cd.  the beats are fire and the lyrics are impressive as well.  i highly recommend it!!
B0000DJZB9|4.0|This is a MUST for GNR fans but if you (like myself) already purchased the VHS version this adds NOTHING to it. It has their memorable videos that appear for 2 decades on MTV and you know those: Sweet Child O' Mine and Welcome to the Jungle plus the cinematic &quot;trilogy&quot; of November Rain, Dont Cry and Stranged that ruled the TV waves on the 90's. The problem is the same: where is &quot;You Could Be Mine&quot; from the T2 movie? There is no extras, no interviews, no nothing...just buy it for the videos, those are still cool...
B00005IC2H|5.0|This CD is amazing. Tracks 2,4,5 and 6 are just beautiful and 3 and 7 grow on you. Unfourtenatly tracks 1 and 8+ are just filler. One thing that you should know before buying this CD is that you will NOT be able to understand the lyrics. Not only do the members of Sigur Ros not speak English, but they sing in a language all their own. Nonetheless if you have an open mind and like bands such as Bjork, Radiohead and Liquid Tension Experiment. PICK THIS CD UP!!!
1401300901|5.0|Loved it. Real tear jerker. Great book Cecelia - well done.
B00005JMTQ|5.0|The best I've seen in a Romantic Comedey in years, especially with Diane Keaton and Jack Nicholson. I can honestly say Diane Keaton was Brilliant, caring, and amazing.  Now Jack Nicholson was great, no surprises, he was Jack.   To then see Diane Keaton acting with Jack and Keanu as a love and sex interest to them was fantastic.  Also the bare it all scene by Diane was very surprising, hey if yah got it, why not show it.  As Keaton said it doesn't matter how old a person is it is what you feel inside what counts.  Diane is adorable, caring and loving and fell in love with someone who stole her heart.  She couldn't have played the part any better as she made us laugh and cry as if it were real and she was getting hurt.  When I heard her telling (Amanda)Marin, don't be afraid to let someone in ,I did and had the time of my life, go out have fun enjoy yourself, life is what you make it.  I cried and laughed, overall I enjoyed this movie immensely, it was excellent.
0441003257|4.0|Good Omens is an interesting, though sometimes tough read by authors Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett. Overall the story is funny, original, and amusing. Most of the time the story moves along well.<br />The best parts of the story involve angel Aziraphale and devil counterpart Crowley. The way the authors put these two eternal beings into modern human society is the funniest theme in the book. Both beings have grown so accustomed to human society, that they actually dread the day of reckoning long prophesized in every religion. They just want things to stay the way they are.<br />Well, life staying the same as it had been will be difficult, since the anti-Christ has been growing up (in suburban England of course) for many years and is about to come of age. That is another humorous story in itself. See, there was a mix-up by the devil's agent at the time of birth, and ...<br />This book would be an even stronger recommendation, if it didn't bog down at times. The story could have been faster paced. Never-the-less, the story rates at an enjoyable 3.75 out of 5.00 stars, rounded up to 4.00.  The originality of the story-line, the many, very funnny characterizations, and the way the plot is amusingly wrapped up, make it worth the read.  Especially good book to pick up while hanging around airports for the day.
B00008J4P5|5.0|I don't listen to the radio that often anymore.  I grew up with the music of the 70s and early 80s and that is what I usually stick to today.  I do read publications and am aware of acts that are at the top of the charts and also those with a cult following.  I must admit that I sometimes stay away from what is considered &quot;popular&quot;...maybe out of some need to stick up for my favorites of the past and so as not to give in to the mainstream.  All I had heard of the White Stripes previously was &quot;In Love with a Girl&quot;.  I liked that tune and I also liked the small production &quot;style&quot;.  After &quot;Elephant&quot; received so many nominations and awards, I felt the need to buy it and see for myself what they had to offer.  I was thoroughly impressed.  This is one of those rare albums (sorry if I date myself) where I am entertained from beginning to end.  &quot;Seven Nation Army&quot; sets the tone and it just flows from there.  A couple of my favorites (without going through them all).. &quot;In the Cold, Cold, Night&quot;...Megs vocal shining..&quot;Ball and Biscuit&quot;..great power, great guitar work..&quot;Well It's True That We Love One Another&quot;...I don't know what others think of this one, but I see it as a nod of the head in respect to the Mamas and the Papas &quot;Creeque Alley&quot;..  <br />There have been a couple of reviews on here that I just don't get.  One person (a self-proclaimed bass player&quot; puts them down for not having a bass guitarist and even goes on to say that he finds it &quot;insulting&quot;.  This sounds like a personal issue to me and doesn't really give an opinion on this work as a whole.  Another has an obviously pre-determined dislike for the group and speaks of his incredulous confusion as to why people like the White Stripes.  He puts them down for doing &quot;1&quot; cover tune and asks why people would want to listen to someone who just does others' music.  This is ONE cover tune and it does seem tobe a common thing for bands to throw out a cover now and then.  If a song is great, there is no reason for it to be wasted by only being recorded one time...and in my opinion &quot;There's No Home for You Here&quot; comes off very well...It's another of my favorites.  So, taking away some of the agenda driven reviews here, I hope everyone else does as I did and gives &quot;Elephant&quot; a listen.  As we've all said, there aren't that many albums that are good from the first to the last, and I'm happy to be able to add this one to that short list.
B000089RVX|5.0|Amy's voice is mesmerizing.  The power behind it, the depth and the range are amazing.  Her voice is also haunting and desperate.  This is a MUST HAVE!
B000002KIE|3.0|The Sex Pistols were a manufactured band designed to exploit the underground punk scene, which had been around for years before them. The Velvet Underground and Iggy & the Stooges were the true originals, the NY Dolls later took it and glammed it up, the Ramones then took it and stripped it down, and finally (like the Monkees once did to the Beatles and Stones) the Sex Pistols then prostituted themselves to become the face of punk rock. Not that they didn't produce some good tracks in the process. \\"God Save the Queen\\" and \\"Pretty Vacant\\" are great spitting rock energy tunes, but really.....are they any better or worse than \\"Paint it Black\\" or \\"Born to be Wild\\" ?? Remember, even the Monkees put out a couple great tracks like \\"(I'm not your) Stepping Stone\\" and \\"Pleasant Valley Sunday.\\" John Lydon today denounces that whole Pistols era, but that doesn't keep him from selling out to do a $$$$ Reunion tour. That's why the Ramones and Clash can make the Rock hall of Fame, but neither the Sex Pistols nor the Monkees ever should.
B00018D44U|4.0|First of all... what was everybody expecting with Norah Jones' new album?  Up until it was released, everyone was anticipating basically 'more of the same.'  Everyone was in love with the soft, whispering voice and the unique jazzy/blues sound we've all come to love.  Well guess what?  &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; is exactly that.  It's not leaps and bounds different that &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;- there's nothing revolutionary on this new effort.  But that's more than okay with me... I loved her first album, and I love this one.  It is exactly 'more of the same'- and it doesn't disappoint.  <br />Yes, she's taken on more of a songwriting role.  While these songs aren't history-making lyrically, they are good- especially for a 24 year old.  The fact that these songs won't go into the books for their depth, uniqueness, etc... is just fine with me.. it doesn't take away at all from this album.  I think &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; is a trememndous sophomore effort.. my personal favorite on the CD is &quot;Humble Me,&quot; but honestly, there isn't a filler on the album- it's all good.  Way to go, Norah.
B000002UAR|5.0|If I could, I'd give this album 20 stars.  This is by far the best record ever made.  I own over 5,000 CDs and many vinyl records that I'm waiting to be reissued on CD and this is the recording that I always go back to.  Every cut is a masterpiece.  I challenge anyone to name another record with so many high quality songs.  \\"Taxman\\", \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\", \\"Here, There and Everywhere\\", \\"She Said, She Said\\", \\"Good Day Sunshine\\", \\"And Your Bird Can Sing\\", \\"Got To Get You Into My Life\\", \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\", the list goes on and on.  The Beatles were the most innovative and talented musicians to ever record together and this album is their zenith.  Yes, \\"Abbey Road\\", \\"Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\", \\"Rubber Soul\\", etc. were great but this is the best of them all.  Any record on which \\"Yellow Submarine\\" is filler has to be the best of all time.  Long live John, Paul, George and Ringo.
0385507755|5.0|I am a fan of memoirs. This has to be one of the better books I have read this year. Makes you feel for the author. This book ranks itself, in my book, right up there with NIGHTMARES ECHO, LUCKY,and RUNNING WITH SCISSORS. A Million Little Pieces touches your life and gets in to your heart.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Save your money for another Bill Murray movie later on. <BR>I bought this movie mostly because Bill Murray is always funny. <BR>WRONG MOVE. I know it got great reviews but frankly I fail to see why. I didn't think it was funny at all. It was boring and truly lost in translation. You be the judge but remember I warned you.
B0001AP12G|5.0|For a guy thats been following kanye west since &quot;this cant be life&quot; and &quot;Blueprint&quot; classic beats, I feel that I have a lot of knowledge as to what the album is. Kanye is as creative as they come (along with the Neptunes) production-wise. He's as skilled lyrically as any commercial artist yet keeps it fresh and new. &quot;The College Dropout&quot; did overwhelm itself with too many skits and had a song that did nothing for me &quot;The Workout Plan&quot;, which talked about how girls better themselves physically to attract a &quot;balla&quot;, to feel better about themselves or simply just gold-dig. Other than that this album is history in the making, a classic not in rap music but in hip hop culture. Jay-Z said in his XXL interview u gotta DMX tha game like 50 Cent did, meaning shock evry1 or bring in a new formula for success. And thats what Kanye did.<BR> <BR>Kanye West did a great job on his portrayal of a college education showing that we focus too much on the physical or actual paper-degree rather than focus on the direct knowledge of how to make money. Many people over-looked this point and said Kanye was dissing college which he wasn't, he just wanted to inform every1 to &quot;learn to earn money&quot; rather than just go to college because u want to show off a diploma which was food for thought( please eat). <br />Kanye West is a Gemini along with Myself, Andre 3000 from Outkast, 2pac and Prince. I say this because we are all different from the majority or crowd. We're thinkers, some say &quot;weird&quot;,&quot;stand out&quot; individuals but not intentionally do we call attention to ourselves, we just dont want to follow every1 else. A breath of fresh air. thats what Kanye is bringing to Hip Hop.  <br />This album should receive many accolades for creativity, originality, content and most of all truth of life. He gives us the good, bad and the ugly in one album leaving no stone unturned. When you bring the truth and your music comes from the heart people will remember u and your music for years to come. Just ask Andre 3000 5 years from now, Prince now, and well, 2pac, that's self explanatory, dont we all still play &quot;Dear Mama&quot;.<br />Geminis (Twins) bless the music industry. Just think, there are two sides of Kanye, wait until we hear what he has next. <BR>Jay-Z said it on &quot;Encore&quot;, &quot;You so (Mafkn) soulful man&quot;
B0000X2EOW|5.0|Ok i was 6 years old when i was first introduced to this movie and i loved it i even remebered the whole thing of dance magic so i loved it my parents spent 100s and 100s of dollars renting it so i watched it over and over and still love it i reccomend it to all people its 5 stars for sure i hope your family enjoys it as much as i do have fun watch this movie its purely magical.
B000021YQV|5.0|I thought that System of a Down would just be one of those bands that releases one good album and you dont expect to hear from again. Well, I was very wrong. This may not have been as good as their self titled release but it definatly comes close. This was a great follow-up album and it definatly prooved me wrong. After I heard this album I realized that System would be here to stay for a while. I was anticipating this album very much and was not at all upset. &quot;Chop Suey&quot;, &quot;Needles&quot;, &quot;Toxicity&quot;, &quot;Deer Dance&quot; and &quot;Aerials&quot; are flawless, perfectly written songs with great lyrics and great music. The only song that didnt really appeal to me was &quot;Bounce&quot; because I think they could do a little better with it but the rest of the songs make up for what they lack in &quot;Bounce&quot;. This is the best follow up album I've ever heard with the exception of TOOL's Undertow. Worth every star
B000002B7O|5.0|What can I say here in praise of a nearly perfect album.  I first heard this album when I was 11-years-old, and it scared me beyond belief.  But a deep-seeded morbid fascination took hold, and over twenty years later I consider this a masterpiece of Heavy Metal and one of the greates albums of all time.  I've also read numerous comparisons between this CD and &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot; stating that it is not uncommon for fans to love this one more.  I think I figured out why.  &quot;Blizzard of Ozz,&quot; while certainly great on its own, is more rock-oriented.  Just check out &quot;I Don't Know,&quot;&quot;Steal Away(the night),&quot; and &quot;Crazy Train.&quot;  While this album is gothic throughout, dark and brooding.  I know that &quot;Mr.Crowley&quot; and &quot;Revelation(Mother Earth)&quot; were of the same vibe on the previous album, but here even the ballad &quot;Tonight&quot; has a sinister feel to it.  Ozzy has not sounded this passionate on an album since the untimely death of Randy Rhodes.  They were soul-mates in music and when Randy died the effect on Ozzy ever since is, to my mind, all too obvious.  Randy Rhodes, if he had lived, would now be revered as highly as Eddie Van Halen or Jimi Hendrix.  He is simply masterful.  His solos on this album as well as &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot; are now legendary, required guitar 101.  His work on the song &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot;  still invokes chills and makes my jaw drop in awe.  This is essential Metal, without a doubt.
B000007T1M|5.0|I was always a fan of bands like Rage Against the Machine, Faith No More and KoRn so you can only imagine what it was like hearing all three of these great bands in one. When I first heard \\"Sugar\\" I was knocked around and left begging for more. I was hooked on this band like a crackhead hooked on crack (well maybe not that bad) and I immediatly downloaded the songs and got the album for Christmas (the special edition one with the red hand on the cover). I must have listened to this album more than a million times since then. This is my list of songs in order of favorite to least favorite:<BR>1.Suite Pee<BR>2.P.L.U.C.K.<BR>3.Peephole<BR>4.Sugar<BR>5.Darts<BR>6.Soil<BR>7.Know<BR>8.War?<BR>9.Spiders<BR>10.Suggestions<BR>11.DDevil<BR>12.Mind<BR>13.CUBErt<br />This is a great album and I highly recommend it to fans of Rage Against the Machine, Faith No More, and KoRn. Great stuff.
B00000018T|5.0|I first purchased this LP back in 1969 and up to today it is one of my top favorits (even my grandchildren love it).In my early Rock and Rock-a-billy collection I have just about every record (now the CD) that Elvis made in the fifties and sixties except for some of the not so great movie records. Of all the records that Elvis made this one to me is the very best as it really shows the very different typs of songs that Elvis was able to pull off.In my opinion &quot;Reconsider Baby&quot; is the all time Best! Talk about some outstanding heavy blues as only Elvis can sing it is second to none.All the tracks are outstanding. The LP album had another cool feature as it was a double sleave and when you opened it the inside was full of snapshots of Elvis while still in the Army and I believe that most of these were taken in Germany. This CD should without question be in every Elvis Fan's collection !
B00018D44U|5.0|Wow, I absolutely love this album. I've been listening to it non stop. There are beautful melodies throughout this album. This is the perfect cd to listen to when you need to clear your head and relax. She's about to clean up the grammy's again.<BR>I highly recommend this to everyone. Great work.
B0000025T6|5.0|I think this is an amazing album and can't stand a lot Springsteen's stuff. Believe me, I understand the appeal. He's a truly gifted songwriter, but the cult of his personality with all that \\"The Boss\\" and \\"speaking for the common man\\" stuff is just as pretentious as it gets.<br /><br />Rather than waste anymore breath on that front, I am sincerely moved by this record. It took balls to put this out when he did. Indie and Do It Yourself and lo-fi before the phrases were coined. If you ask me, the bombastic likes of Born To Run just pales in comparison. Or anything else he has done, before or since.<br /><br />I love outlaw songs and the sparseness of the title track is enough to raise the hairs of your neck. It's the sonic equivalent of Charles Starkweather (Badlands serial killer) and Truman Capote's In Cold Blood all rolled into one. Next to the original, only Johnny Cash has done justice to \\"Highway Patrolman\\". Cash tried again with, \\"Johnny 99\\" but to little avail. One simply can't surpass what Springsteen has laid down here. From the small town yearning of \\"Atlantic City\\" to the grey sky imagery of \\"Reason To Believe\\", Springsteen reigns all those impending storm clouds in with his intimate, hoarse whisper.<br /><br />In my humble opinion, this guy works best in a stark setting. But even if he did all his albums like this, Nebraska would still outshine them all. There just comes a time when it all comes together and for Springsteen Nebraska was it. Even more rocking numbers like \\"Johnny 99\\" are enhanced by the lack of production. If he sicked the East Street Band on this one, it wouldn't be nearly as powerful.<br /><br />A thousand bands have since taken their cue from this record but have never come close. Despite all the good intentions of \\"The Rising\\", this one casts a longer shadow in my book. In terms of commercial Rock's bleaker moments, Nebraska is right up there with  Neil Young's Tonight's The Night. Stark, harrowing & heartbreaking. A masterpiece.
B00006F7IM|4.0|Its always amazing to me how people take movies like this so seriously that they think their &quot;astute&quot; observations about plot predictability pass for intelligent bashing. It's a simple movie and it deserves a simple review.<br />As far as baseball comedies go, this is by far the best ever.<br />As far as baseball movies go, this is near the top of the list.<br />As far as Charlie Sheen appearances go, this was his one shot at Oscar gold.<br />As far as opening songs go, this is the best one of all time, in any movie about any city or any sport or anything.<br />There's a red moon rising<BR>On the Cuyahoga River<BR>Rolling into Cleveland to the lake (x2)<br />There's an oil barge winding<BR>Down the Cuyahoga River<BR>Rolling into Cleveland to the lake (x2)<br />Cleveland, city of light, city of magic<BR>Cleveland, city of light, you're calling me<BR>Cleveland, even now I can remember<BR>'Cause the Cuyahoga River<BR>Goes smokin' through my dreams<br />Burn on, big river, burn on<BR>Burn on, big river, burn on<br />Now the Lord can make you tumble<BR>The Lord can make you turn<BR>The Lord can make you overflow<BR>And the Lord can make you burn<br />Burn on, big river, burn on<BR>Burn on, big river, burn on
B000000XB9|5.0|All the big UK and USA hits are here<br />This group combined elements of pop, rock, blues and R+B in their music and you can hear all the different influences here. For example, I put a spell on you is a great piece of blues-rock, but Proud Mary is raw rock'n'roll.<br />As far as hits are concerned, the group were more consistently successful in America than in Britain. In America, they had many big hits including several that peaked at number two without ever achieving a number one hit. In Britain, their overall record was more modest although they clocked up four top ten hits - and Bad moon rising went all the way to number one. Their other UK top ten hits were Proud Mary, Travelling band and Up around the bend (which made the top three).<br />Among the other classic songs here are Green river, Down on the corner, Fortunate son, Who'll stop the rain, Looking out the back door, Long as I can see the light and Have you ever seen the rain. All of these were either huge American hits, or were B-sides of those hits.<br />A companion to this collection, Chronicles volume 2, explores their album tracks in greater depth but this collection contains all the essentials.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I've had this album for over a few months (since the first day it came out). I always liked Britney but not enough to buy an album. So \\"MATM\\" convinced me to bet this album and I don't regret paying $9.99 for it! here's my review:<br />MATM - Actually I think I'm the only person who thinks this song is awesome, of course, the world calls it one of the worst songs of 2003. (8.7/10)<br />I Got that (Boom Boom) -  Great song is and is really easy to dance to. (8.4/10)<br />Showdown - Great beat and I like the song overall! (9/10)<br />Breathe On Me - Even though the song was meant for Kylie Minogue, Britney pulled it off and the song came out great! This is one of my personal favs! (9.8/10)<br />Early Mornin' - The song is catchy but seems more like a fill in on the album. The song is seduceful and is very good. (8.1/10)<br />Toxic - In my opinion, IT'S THE BEST SONG I'VE HEARD FROM ANY ARTIST IN THE PAST FEW MONTHS! The song is intoxicating and Britney did an EXCELLENT job on this one! Definetly her next #1 hit!!! (10/10)<br />Outragous - A real urban song and I like it! The only problem with the song is that the song gets tiring after a while! (9/10)<br />Touch of My Hand - AM I THE ONLY ONE NOT OFFENDED BY THE SONG! I think the song is awesome and is very sensual! The song has a nice opening with the violins, the chorus is awesoem and the song actaully talks about something normal. The meaning of the song is not what u guys think though, she sings about touching herself but Britney is trying to say that when ur alone, u feel so scared and cold inside and u feel alone. U start rubbing urself and try to find the warmth in urself! That's the reason I like this song, it has an deep meaning. (10/10)<br />Th Hook Up - Really nice! (8/10)<br />Shadow - A nice ballad and it's not a masterpiece but good in its own way and I can really realate to it! The song is awesome and has a great meaning. (9/10)<br />Brave New Girl - The song is pop like but I consider it plainly Britney! The song is the type of song Britney sings and the song is cool and is really catchy. The ladies can relate to it, I can't though. (8.7/10)<br />Everytime - This song is better than Brit's full written song \\"Dear Diary\\". The song is simple but when u hear it, it reaches ur emotions and it gets deep in ur heart, if u've ever been hurt like that. (9.8/10)<br />MATM (Rishi Rich's Desi Kulcha Remix) - It's good but it shouldn't've been on the album. The album should've had \\"Don't Hang Up\\", \\"I've Just Begun (Having My Fun)\\" or \\"The Answer\\". (7.6/10)
B000089RVX|5.0|well...wow...how do i start. this album is absolutely depressing...but i LOVE it. the first track, 'going under' is my favorite. 'im dying again'...it sends chills up my back. well anywayz, i bought this album at the beginning of the summer when it first came out and i was blown away. its haunting and depressing. its not really goth, but its very close. if you like music with meaningful lyrics, youll like this one.
B00018D44U|4.0|Fans of Norah Jones and her debut album &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; will be thrilled with her new CD &quot;Feels Like Home.&quot; Ms. Jones' smoky, sometimes breathy voice and elegant style bring freshness and originality to these ballads, tinged with a Nashville sound this time around. Her voice has a vulnerable quality that quietly gives new meaning to country-blues ballads about heartbreak, regret and loss, as with her rendition of Duke Ellington's &quot;Melancholia,&quot; retitled &quot;Don't Miss You at All.&quot; She can soar and carry her audience with her, as she does in &quot;Sunrise.&quot; All-star special guests Levon Helm and Garth Hudson of the Band crop up on &quot;What Am I to You&quot; and Dolly Parton sings a bluegrass duet with Jones, &quot;Creepin' In.&quot;<br />The CD is well produced and the instrumentation is excellent. I still wish, however, that there was a bit more pizzazz present in her music. Her seductive sound has been called, &quot;stressless listening.&quot; A tad edgier and perhaps I would have awarded this album 5 stars.<br />JANA
B000059TEP|5.0|When \\"Ghost\\" was released in 1990, it enjoyed an immense popularity. It was a different type of love story. There is supernatural elements- ghosts, demons, heaven, hell, the afterlife, a story with action that men could enjoy and comedy that could make anyone laugh at the right times, especially with the supporting role of Whoopi Goldberg's character. This DVD of the film features commentary and restrospective portions. It looks and sounds as good as it did when it was released in theatres. Ghost is an easy story to follow. It's perfect to enjoy for Valentine's Day. Patrick Swayzee (Sam) was murdered by a rival (Tony Goldwyn)in order to get his hands on a lot of money. Demi Moore, his widowed wife, becomes the victim of this same rival's schemes. But as luck would have it, Sam is'nt really dead. He's merely a ghost left around to save his wife and defeat the bad guy. Aiding Sam is a medium-pyschic (Whoopi Goldberg).<br />There are some genuinely romantic, exciting and comedic moments in this film. The much remembered love scene includes Patrick Swayzee (as a ghost)caressing Demi Moore as she busily makes a clay urn. The love theme for this film, which was also scored for orchestra, is the Righteous Brother's \\"Unchained Melody\\". If anything, this film helped to popularize the classic oldie song. Suddenly, after Ghost, Unchained Melody became somewhat of a romantic pop song and every couple just wanted the song as their song (performed at weddings, dedicated to them on the radio, etc and even newer versions of the song are still sung by artists today). The funny moments are with Whoopi. She is a fraud psychic, who does not listen to ghosts at first and is merely scamming people from their money. But when Same comes to her, she is able to really hear him. Especially funny are their scenes together. I.E. \\"The Bank Scene\\" in which Whoopi withdraws a fortune in cash and has to give it up for donation to nuns. Tony Goldwin as the villain comes off deliciously evil, scheming and money-hungry. The special effects used in the film were computer graphics. At this time, the new medium of computer imagery was making home in cinema. Even Disney used this in Beauty and the Beast. This film is five stars all the way.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is the best pumpkins album. Dare I say, better than Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. Songs like \\"Cherub Rock\\" \\"Today\\" and \\"Geek U.S.A.\\" are celebrations of alternative rock, but the difference between this album and new bands is that this is actually good, and when I heard Blink-182's \\"I Miss You\\" I realized that this is the only band who can pull off a beautiful ballod. The reason why is that this is the only band who uses the poetic language that beautifies a song. Go SP.
B0000640RX|3.0|I really used to like the rambo movie's but was never what you'd call a HUGE fan.The first one was the best then i think they basically should have laid it to rest,cause it was a good classic.And no one really cared what happened to rambo after that.They just new he was upset and needed to start a new life,which would have been better.But all in all the other to movie's were'nt all that bad.The bone i have to pick is with some of the special feature's on the disc,there is to much Documentury material,about Vietnam,Afghanistan,etc.And also some lame elements about how they used mythological stories and images to come up with the charactar's and the movies.This is Rambo people,an X veteran of NAM,not Hercule's or Zeus,he seeks out and destroys enemies plain and simple.Just kinda ridiculous if you ask me.But not a bad box set if you just like the movie's,although interesting you can watch the History channel to hear about the Story's of war.
B000002NFM|5.0|168 reviews are surely enough to give you an idea of what this album is all about and its quality level. Nevertheless I want to write my opinion too, years after the release of this masterpiece. This is one of those perfect albums noone couldn't do better and that perfectly speaks for itself and for the time it's been made. It's incredibly heavy, musical, intense, emotional, evocative, aggressive. It's simply perfect. I still love it many yars after its release and I am a Jazz cat, not a disco fan or a punky beast. Every other album of the genre (techno-punk, Is it really a genre? I don't think so, this is really a gem in its own category) couldn't even come close to this one. It's light years ahead of its time and surely it is a work of art. I doubt that even Prodigy themself could do in the future another &quot;thing&quot; like this.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Ive been waitin 4 him 2 blow up since Jay-Z's BP2's &quot;Without Da Bounce&quot;. FLAWLESS!
B00005JL1C|5.0|'Some Kind Of Wonderful' is one of those films that stays with you for life. Ever sine I can remember this film has always been a favourite of mine and my sister. This has always been our film that we've treasured all our lives and can continually watch it. All the actors are fantastic, especially the main four-Eric Stoltz,Lea Thompson, Mary Stuart Masterson and Craig Sheffer.I LOVE this film.<BR>by justine ryan
B0001I561E|5.0|I have been waiting for this to come on DVD forever. Disney's twist on Arabian nights takes on its spin into a non-stop entertainment rollercoaster. Robin Williams as genie is awesome.
B000009CEM|5.0|Well there isnt much more to say that already hasnt been said.Burton has a great voice,goes heavy then goes into a singing voice.such a great cd.every song is good,there is no bad song. this is a cd i could listen to over and over again,and still enjoy
B0001AP12G|5.0|All of yall smooth, soulful playaz need to kop this ish...I havent heard anything this tight since Biggie or the Chronic 2001.  He duz it all on this album...If i could give it more than 5 stars, I would.  So get pick it up or dowload it or sumthin'.
0553293397|5.0|\\"The Naked Sun\\" is the second in a magnificent continuation to an awesome science fiction series involving Elijah Baley and R. Daneel Olivaw.  The Solarian's, descendants of Earth, ask the agoraphobic (afraid of open places) plainclothes cop Elijah Baley, since he solved a previous Spacer murder, to unravel a crime committed on their planet.  With little choice, he embarks across space to face not only a foreign environment but also a robot-infested society.  The robot intolerance Elijah is partnered with technological masterpiece Daneel to break the case before it is too late.  Daneel continues to learn about human behavior from Elijah and is restricted in his behavior by what is known as the Law of Robotics.  The story moves at a good tempo with an astonishing conclusion.<br />Thank you.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is the greatest jazz recording ever made - it's as simple as that.  This is what perfect improvisation sounds like...
0425170349|1.0|My expectations weren't high, but this book failed to meet them anyway. <br />I was looking for enjoyable, light reading. Instead, this book turned out to be a long boring story about lifeless, flawless commandos killing off the &quot;bad guys&quot;. <br />The plot is rediculous. The narration is repetitive. The ending is morally questionable - justice is sacrificed in the name of expediency.
B00018D3RI|5.0|I sure hope they include the pilot even though its hard to tell yet.<br />Starsky & Hutch - Complete First Season, The (5 discs) - DVD<BR> <BR>Format:  DVD<BR>Running Time: 1173 Min.<BR>Rated NR<br />SYNOPSIS<br />DVD FEATURES<br /> Full Screen Presentation<BR> Languages: English (Mono), Spanish<BR> Sneak peek at Warner Bros. Pictures new movie Starsky & Hutch<BR> It's Harder Than It Looks featurette with hilarious bloopers<BR> The third Star featurette gets inside Starsky's famous Gran Torino<BR> Behind the Badge making-of documentary with exclusive new interviews with Paul Michael Glaser, David Soul and Antonio Vargas<BR> Includes all 22 episodes from the first season!<BR> 5 disc set<BR> Photo Gallery with the stars of the original series and Warner Bros. new movie!
0345452577|4.0|New characters, setting and purpose hold the readers attention. One could quibble with why the hero is left to discover things on his own while people die, but this is a welcome new idea from a reliable author.
B00018D44U|5.0|Norah Jones is exactly what I look for in music, a unique voice and great beat. Norah Jones is a young girl with an old soul and her songs express this. Yes, this album is a bit different(but not that much)from her last so if you expect your artist to have the same beat, never reverting from the same style on any album, then Norah is not for you. Norah has the amazing talant of being able to sing anything from jazz to blues to country. Norah's voice has the ability to sooth the soul.
0385510438|4.0|How did I not realize this book was coming out?  Thank heaven for the Kroger display as I dashed in for milk and juice Sunday night!<br />I read John Royal's positive review in &quot;The Houston Chronicle&quot; and went to reading.  And I did love the reading.  But this is not Grisham's best book EVER.  This is a good read, comforting as the meals protagonist Willie Traynor laps up on Miss Callie's porch in Clanton, Mississippi's Lowtown.  And the suspense of a murder trial in 1970's Clanton, the town of Grisham's first dynamite novel, &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;, does give it a great tone.<br />Best of all it is a story of the little Southern town and its citizens as presented by the small town newspaper owner, a &quot;northerner from Memphis and Syracuse University&quot;.  And it is the best of worlds for Willie as he develops a style and a presence as a very important cog, though an outsider, in the wheel of progress that has come to Clanton during his journalist's career. He takes on the persona of a real character as he accepts a gentleman's attire complete with bow tie not unlike Tom Wolfe or Willie Morris, real writers/journalists of our times, who one can picture as inhabiting a Clanton and breaking into the industry in just such a way as fictional Willie Traynor.<br />His cohorts and co-workers are colorful and familiar.  And though a modern times tale, there is the feel of the town of &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; with Harper Lee's characters placed into more modern days.  The evil folks still terrorize others, but the good folks stand for truth and justice.<br />I was amazed at the overt bravery of Willie Traynor.  I guess one has to credit it to youth and testosterone and the guidance of a skillful veteran writer who drives his main character into difficult situations.<br />I was moved to tears near the end, and found that Grisham is still able to connect to my emotions.  I recommend this book for a good winter read.  Grisham has produced another tomethat is worthy of the good folks of the South.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I bought this crap based on the rave reviews and was stabbed in the back for doing so. Please if you do not believe this movie sucks RENT THIS FIRST, dont buy it.
0060318252|5.0|Peter F. Drucker is probably the greatest management thinker of the 20st Century. He has been Professor at New York University and at 83 years old still teaches at the Graduate Management School of Claremont University, California. This book, originally published in 1966, is split up in seven chapters, plus a conclusion.<br />Effectiveness is not just about intelligence, imagination and knowledge, it is about getting results. And the author believes that \\"effectiveness can be learned - and it also has to be learned.\\" In Chapter 1 - Effectiveness Can Be Learned, Drucker discusses the five habits of the mind that have to be acquired to be an effective executive: 1. Know thy time; 2. Outward contribution, or what can I contribute?; 3. Making strength productive; 4. First things first; and 5. Effective decision-making. Each of these elements of executive effectiveness are covered in Chapters 2-to-5.<br />Chapter 6 - The Elements of Decision-Making, which is quite a long chapter is the start of the second part of the book. \\"Effective executives do not make a great many decisions. They concentrate on the important ones. They try to think through what is strategic and generic, rather than 'solve problems'. So what are the elements of the decision process? 1. \\"Is this a generic situation or an exception?\\" Most problems are really generic.; 2. What the decision to accomplish?; 3. What is right, rather than what is acceptable?; 4. Converting the decision into action.; and 5. Feedback has to be built into the decision. This sounds simple, but is rather difficult in practice. But what about the decision itself? \\"A decision is a judgment. It is a choice between alternatives.\\" And this is the subject of Chapter 7 - Effective Decisions. Contrary to common knowledge one does not start with facts, but one starts with opinions. And the right decision ultimately grows out of the clash and conflict of divergent opinions and out of consideration of competing alternatives. Finally, Drucker concludes with the conclusion that effectiveness MUST be learned. He bases his assumption on the fact that the executive's job is to be effective and that effectiveness can be learned and that effectiveness will/has become more important for the knowledge worker.<br />As usual, another great book by Peter Drucker. Although the book was originally published in 1966, it still strikes home the simple basic of effectiveness. This book is not only for business executives, but for all people wanting to become effective and in any field required. The author makes use of great examples from the greatest thinkers in time. I recommend this book to readers who did like Larry Bossidy's 'Execution: The Discipline of Getting Things Done' and Stephen Covey's 'Seven Habits of Highly Effective People'. Just one comment: Although Drucker makes it sound easy, it requires a lot of hard work and discipline. The author uses simple business US-English.
B00006RIO7|5.0|After watching Chicago I fell in love with it. I normally don't watch musicals like Moulin Rouge but this movie is an acception.  I have a couple favorites.  My first choice is Roxie, It shows how she is desparetly seeking fame and when she found it, she falls in love.  She is an incredible performer.  The choreography in movie is simple yet enough for the song.  It truely reminded of me of the Jazz period being sexy, smooth and cool.  Another one of my favorites is \\"They Both Reached for the Gun\\"  It stuck in my head the most from all the songs.  It has a catchy tune and fun lyrics.  I especially love the puppets in the movie.  It looked so realistic and at the same time a little bit creepy if I where standing next to one of those reporters.
B00018D44U|5.0|If you love the last CD, you will love the new one.  It is just a great CD.  She is a awesome singer and song writer.  I think she will win another grammy with the CD.
B00006G8K0|5.0|Hammer Films was fortunate enough to have some really talented actors, script writers, directors and composers to work on their series of horrifying movies that started in 1957 with the \\"Curse of Frankenstein\\" to their second, \\"Horror of Dracula.\\"  While taking many liberties with the original novel, this version stays closer than most and offers Christopher Lee in his first spin as Dracula.  Although on screen very little, his presence is smoldering, fantastically evil and domineering.  Peter Cushing, as always, plays the fanatical Van Helsing with heroic finesse and a bit of charm as well; Michael Gough in one of his early roles is a perfect foil as the upper crust Homewood; and Melissa Stribling as Mina is subtly seductive.  The lighting and camera work are wonderful and James Bernard's score is one of horrodom's best.<br />A truly important film in the horror genre, it still maintains the ability to frighten and entertain!
0451169514|4.0|This book starts out slow and the plot gets a little lost in all the description.  It's a great book to read and scares the pants off you.  The more you get into the story the more you are not able to put it down.  The book jumps back and froth in time which can get a little confusing, but very interesting.  I have seen the movie and I think the book is ten times better.  The book explains more of what happens then the movie does.  I really think this is a great horror book and is suspenseful.  I really think you will enjoy it.
B0000VAFNQ|4.0|First of all this movie tackled a very hard plot about a war that has existed between vampires and lycans(werewolves) for many years.  I thought they did a really good job considering the unbelievable plot that they tackled.  The character development in the movie was fair but it seemed as if at times the acting was a little bit to melodramatic.  The movie focused mainly on the vampire culture and did not focus much on the werewolves.  The graphics were excellent and the werewolves looked great.  I recommend that you rent this before you buy it, it is a great DVD to watch but you may want to review it yourself before purchasing.
B00009TB5G|5.0|I was hooked after watching the first part FOTR and decided to pick up the books after to see what I was missing and I read all three from front to end before watching the rest of the movies.  I'd have to say that the movies have been kept as close as possible to the book, although it has left out many a scene but c'mon, if Jackson actually tried to keep to the book, we'd be watching 8 hour movies or 10 sequels!  I know that it took me more than 3 hours to finish one book of LOTR but should a movie which is already packing as much detail as beautifully as it does become any longer?  It does also add more emphasis to women's roles in the movie which I felt was a refreshing take and a good call.  It doesn't have to be exactly the same as the book to be great and Jackson is a director who has more sense and creativity than to just take the story straight from the book.  To those who said the villains weren't scary enough, this isn't a horror movie like Friday the 13th which wasn't by the way scary and the emphasis is on friendship, bravery, and hope.  In a nutshell, the movie, and this dvd, with tons of extra footage, was a masterpiece, and I with that, I leave my two cents.
0385335482|5.0|If your a woman that is in debt because you buy anything that you like? Well here is a great book for you. This book is about a woman named Rebecca Bloomwood that is in debt. She lies about why she didnt pay her bills for example she said her aunt died. Does she get out of debt or does it get worse? Find out when you read the book
B0000A1RJI|4.0|Having loved the film through and through, I decided to get the soundtrack as background adventuring music for my D&amp;D players.  It's decent enough for that and has all of the good and memorable bits.  That's the good news.  But it's only 43 minutes -- none of the 15 tracks (which are mixed together well enough) are over 4:45, with only one reaching that exhausting length.  Surely they could have gone over a couple of the major refrains a couple of more times with all of the blank disc that was left over...  Additionally, many of the tracks sound muddied (they weren't joking about the score being &quot;overproduced&quot; in many places), occasionally jagged (shifts in the middles of tracks) and due to the surprisingly strong quality of the mix-to-flow, you won't be wanting to listen to these tracks shuffled in with anything else.  But as a CD, it's a good CD.
0553260111|5.0|So many of the 'spy thrillers' of recent day seem recycled (for lack of a better word). Ludlum did a fantastic job of not only creating a unique storyline, but a unique lead character in 'Jason Bourne'. In the opening stages of the book, not only is Bourne a mystery to the reader, he is a mystery to himself. It's as if you are learning about Bourne as he does (as an amnesiac). The plot has central ties in Paris, but the characters make appearances around the world. By the end of the book, it seems as if the protagonist is completely riddled with bullet holes but still manages to come out alive. This is the first (of 3) in the Bourne series. If you've seen the movie (which was very good), make sure you still read the book. The book is even better...which is usually the case.
B00011RPB0|1.0|Of course, most of the posters didn't pick up on this after they watched this cinematic atrocity... hmmmm... I wonder if it's cuz most of you are white Americans.  Did anyone realize how they painted the Japanese in a non-human way?  And every stereotype imaginable was used to portray the Japanese.  I'm very embarrassed because this movie has received all these awards; what it should win is The Most Racist Film of 2003/2004 Award.  I wish I didn't have to give this movie 1 Star.... I wish it could be in the negative range.
0823016285|5.0|This book explains what is behind the scenes in the human face, in terms of muscles and bones.  It looks at things from every possible angle.  It shows how different emotions create different facial expressions.  It shows how faces change as they age.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|An excellent film of compassion and passion; subtle insight and harsh truth; wit and quiet strength.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This was a highly detailed, emotional and inspiring account of WW2 combat as seen from the sodiers perspective. I could not stop watching it when I first bought it and still pop one in at least once a week. The detail of the uniforms, weapons and tactics on both sides were fantastic. Event the sound effects of the MG-42 was accurate based upon soldiers accounts. The character representations were wonderful and were true to the actual soldiers accounts. Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg shoud be proud of this one, it is even better than Saving Private Ryan.
0743490304|3.0|I'm a fan of Dan Brown's, and the bottom line is that he is a very good thriller writer (except for some of the dialog, which can be *really* strained at times). However, while the plotting of some of his other books such as The Davinci Code is just on the right side of the line between believable and fantasy, Deception Point is simply ridiculous. It's one thing for conspiracy writer like Ludlum to posit dark shadowy meta-conspiracies with a very few people doing simple but far-reaching things. Deception Point, though, goes the other direction and has scads of people putatively involved in something that could never in a zillion years have been kept secret for more than three minutes. Frankly, I found the whole premise so unbelievable that I had trouble enjoying Brown's as-usual good pacing and decent characterization. So, my advice on this one is borrow a friend's copy to take to the beach, but don't shell out for the hardcover. Dan, you can do better!
0553573403|3.0|All of the other excellent reviews of this series are correct.  The writing is wonderful.  The characters are real.  The plot is intricate, fascinating, and never predictable.  Et cetera.  But none of the reviewers complained about the one thing that has led me to stop reading after plugging through the first two books: This is the darkest, bleakest, most depressing book I have ever read!  You must never, ever let yourself bond with a hero, a good, kind, strong, resourceful person who in a 'normal' book would win a gratifying victory at the end of the book.  This is because chances are your hero will soon die, most likely brutally.  Most (eventually all???) of the good guys die in this book!  And everyone is always having to look over his shoulder to see which one of his supposed friends is plotting his death.  Innocent children are brutally murdered and their heads put up on pikes.  Innocent peasants are slowly hanged, kicking, their eyes bulging out.  Their rescuers, instead of pulling off a valiant rescue, are themselves captured and tortured.  There are innumerable rapes, including several fairly explicit portrayals of vicious gang rapes of peasant women by invading troops.  Every time I finished a reading session I felt depressed.  I've never seen so much plague, betrayal, death, and destruction in a novel.  It's unrelenting.  I don't care how wonderful the writing is.  I simply couldn't take it anymore.  I want to be uplifted by a book, made to smile and feel vicariously triumphant.  I don't want to be beaten down and defeated over and over and over.  I had to stop reading.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I wrote a negative review a few days ago, but couldn't get this film out of my mind so rented it again.  I see now how easy it was to miss the essence of this work.  This film will not hit you over the head, it assumes you are paying attention and can think for yourself.  Not an easy thing, even for the quickest wits amongst us, but it pays off. Coppola lets her script unfold with subtlety and wisdom.  Her film demands patience, and it demands participation from  the viewer.  Murray's performamnce is so understated that it lends itself to several interpretations, not all of them necessarily wrong. Johannson is simply heart breaking as Charlotte, not because she is lonely, but because she is real.  The ending, which is very controversial for many reviewers, is actually a refreshing bit of film art.  Its subtle, its quiet, and what seemed ambiquious the first time through is crystal clear now.
0385504209|5.0|With the recommendation of family and friends, I finally read The Da Vinci Code.  This book has become the hot topic of debate and seems to be quite controversial in the religious forefront.  Some might say this is just another crazy conspiracy theory against the church or just another wild goose chase for the Holy Grail.  But, this book is so much more.  It opens the door for many to understand our history closer to the way it happened versus the way it was previously written.  It challenges the MEN of the church, NOT Christianity.  I am a Christian and yet, I found this book to be the simple voice spoken to the common person bringing forth truths that have been buried for centuries.  This book teaches its own lesson just by the writing of it:  Look past the characters towing the story along and read the real message.  That applies to religion as well.  It doesn't matter why you read this book (the suspense factor, the controversial enticement, the religious tinge, the information, or just because) and it doesn't even matter if you believe what it says, but, READ IT!!
0425170349|5.0|Having never read a tom clancy novel before, I originally began by playing the great series of rainbow six PC-CD ROM games and thoroughly enjoyed them. This is what motivated me to buy and read this book and I must say it is great, The story rips along at a good pace not dwelling on too much political junk which can be boring. It's main focus is Clancy's mysterious ex CIA/Navy seal character of John Clark/Rainbow six, originally named John Kelly.<br />The plot explains so much that is is the games as well as being a great action novel but with a plotline which is a nice change. It pulls in an ex KGB agent gone mercenary, a team of bio weapons scientists doing nasty experiments on people as well as a good use or technology currently in use with the military.<br />The team clark ocmmands is named rainbow and is a multi-national anti terrorist force combining the best people from different countries around the world including british american, german and french etc. Having seen all the tom clancy films and reading this book I was then prompted to read his many others and I must say I can never wait for the next novel to come out and especially look forward to the suggested rainbow six movie.
B00018D44U|2.0|I have her debut album and it was a great album to listen too and I enjoyed it for a while!<br />But I just got this yesterday and I am very disapointed the songs are all plain and have a very boring sound to it!<BR>If your gonna get an album from her you might aswell get her debut one its more worth it!
B00008DDHZ|4.0|A pretty good film.  My only complaints would be that you'd better turn the volume up because a lot dialogue (in critical scenes)is mumbled and carpeted with a thick accent.  I ended up sitting in front of the TV with my ears pressed against the speakers in some parts, however this may reflect listening to the Clancy Brothers and Prodigals too loud. This is an important movie, especially for those of Irish-American heritage.  It is simply a \\"snapshot\\" of a tragic day within an eon of conflict and hate.  The elder generation taught my generation never to forget the famine or the cruelty of the crown.  I, in turn, will teach my children never to forget Bloody Sunday as well.  <BR>Tiocfaidh Ar La.
1882723007|5.0|Time after time, not only do I re-read this book when the need resurfaces, usually during and/or after the dying/death of a loved one or when a close friend loses a loved one.  Betty's book brings me so much comfort.  I have shared her book with many a friend, but the greatest comfort her book gave me was to share her experience in the garden with my mother as she lay giving her last breaths to her life here as we know it.  As I read Betty's garden experience to my Mom, it was a way I could share the beauty and a reason to not be afraid of what we both knew was coming. I know in my heart of hearts, it brought us both great comfort.  May it do the same for you.
B0000CAXID|5.0|This to me is the greatest Foo Fighters album ever. BUY NOW.<BR>Heavy rockin', bad-a$$ cd.  From the most talented man in rock music today, Dave Grohl, who played ALL of the instruments on this album.  When it comes to that, it is the greatest rock cd ever to be made by one person playing all the instruments.
0385504209|1.0|Like every single other novel he wrote, Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is an over-the-top paranoid conspiracy thriller that's riddled with a poor plot and questionable &quot;research&quot;. All religious controversy aside, the main problem with this book is just the godawful clich&eacute;s that are everywhere. The unstoppable assassin (who despite being albino has no vision problems even though the lack of all pigments cause albinos to have bad vision), the forced romance, the ridiculous plot twist that's supposed to shock us all, but seems to lack reason, and inane puzzles. Additionally, the plot is rife with mere stupidity. How does someone dying of a gunshot wound manage to write a diagram and other various things on the floor? (It's rather like the scene from Monty Python And The Holy Grail with the Castle Aaarrrggghhh....) Why is it that the aforementioned dying character have the same last name as a priest who dabbled in the occult about 100 years ago (talk about obvious allusions)? Why do the main characters stop to look at a painting as they're being chased? Why are all the villains so stereotypically malicious without any motivation? Why does the villain do the old &quot;tell 'em everything before you kill them&quot; routine that's been in every single James Bond movie?<br />Finally there's the whole religious issue. Obviously, Dan Brown has some issues with the Roman Catholic Church as evidenced by this book and his other work Angels &amp; Demons (which by the way is EXACTLY the same as this book), but that is not what bothers me. What bothers me is that he claims all he is written is true, when most of his sources are of questionable integrity and much of what he writes is apparently woefully inaccurate.<br />To conclude, The Da Vinci Code is a formulaic thriller that only stands out due to its subject matter, which cannot save it from the woeful clich&eacute;s that pepper the novel. If you want a thriller based on fact, read The ODESSA File by Frederick Forsyth, or Spandau Phoenix by Greg Iles. These novels manage to combine fact and fiction and do not fail on such ridiculous clich&eacute;.pandau Phoenix by Greg Iles. These novels manage to combine fact and fiction and do not fail on such ridiculous clich.
B000089RVR|4.0|A few good songs plus very soothing to listen too!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Every song is better than other. I don't tired to hear it. Who not bought is crazy, because haven't cd better than this!
B00018D44U|3.0|How can you top &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;?  I still listen to this amazing CD like I am hearing it for the first time.  When I saw the new Norah Jones &quot;Feels Like Home&quot;, I immediately purchased it, excited for another work like &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;.  To no avail.  The songs are nice enough, but not memorable.  Where I cannot stop listening to &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;, I can easily turn off &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; and move on to something else.  There is a mishmash of songs - they don't seem to flow together.  Disappointing.  I can only hope that her next release will be more like her first.
B000001Y79|5.0|This is the BEST ska/rock fusion album you will ever pick up.  BUY NOW if you do not already have it.  (Everyone else does, it seems like..) I have a lot of respect for No Doubt, even though I'm not a big fan of their stuff now.  I grew up listening to &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; when it was huge.  I'm more into heavy rock/metal now.
B000002U82|5.0|Over 800 weeks on the Top 200 Chart, one of the sellest albums in history (Jackson's Thriller sucks) great records. The most popular cover, total original.This is just for intelligent people, who in a review said that this is garbage?, you are such an idiot.<BR>The songs, the lyrics. Gilmour's solo guitar on Time it's a truly classic, from the beginning to the end.
B000099T2L|2.0|...That the album is realy realy bad!<BR>I feel like it's not worth it to buy it dosent have quality in the songs they sound realy realy bad!<br />I hope you guy's believe me because this is my honest truth!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Excellent movie.  It puts you in a real situation and drags you through the entire drama, comedy, and insomia that result in a trip to Japan.  One of the cutest and most real affairs ever captured on film.  It is easy to fall in love with both characters, and the movie will continue to calm and relax ater repeated watching.
B0001AP12G|4.0|College Dropout is a great cd.  Its not a classic and thats why im giving it 4 stars, but every hip hop head should check this album out.  Everyone should know by now that Kanye is a great producer, but is he a nice on the mic?  And the answer is yes.  My man has skills and has his own unique sound.  He is a mixture of a talib kweli and a jay-z.  He is not as nice as either of them but that's how i would describe his sound.  With his conscious lyrics is his production.  Every beat on the album is tight.  The only complaint I have with the cd is too many skits, but every song gets played.  Every song on the album I enjoy listening to.  Defintely check this album out. Peace
0446677450|5.0|When you start your working life and start supporting yourself (and family for some), all you can ever think of is money money money - &quot;how do i pay the next bill thats coming?&quot;, &quot;how am i going to pay for the car insurance?&quot;, &quot;will i be able to put my children to a good private school and university?&quot;.<BR><br />This book really changed my view about money. Its not about greed at all, its about a quality of life for yourself and the people you love. I used to think money is not spiritual. Then when I started my working life, I understand how hard my parents must have worked to put me through university in a foreign country. I start to understand how many people have spent their entire life working in a job, just to support the people they love, to give their kids a better life.<BR><br />Being poor and in a condition of lack is not spiritual. The Divine is abundance, not lack. Being in want is not divine. We live in a material world, where everything from the place you live,your health, the advice and time you need from other people, the food and water you eat and drink- all these (except the air you breathe)requires money. When the religious and spiritual people like Mother Teresa, charities, YOUR church, etc want to do their work, they need money. And where do they get it from? - rich people. By having more than enough, you can help yourself, the people you love, and other people as well. It's certainly better than being someone who requires help from charity or the government to support their very existence.<BR><br />This book will show you that spending your life working in a job will get you nowhere. Nobody gets wealthy by living in a job. In fact, many millionaires called J.O.B. as &quot;Just Over Broke&quot; -living from paychecks to paychecks. Kiyosaki tells of a story about 2 men, 1 highly educated with a phd, and another who only had high school education. Yet the phd ended up broke, while the other becomes extremely wealthy.<br />Read this book and learn as much as you can to have abundance, it will change your financial path for the better.
B000006TRV|5.0|Pink Floyd second best album (1. Dark side of the moon) the wall is musically, lirically AWESOME. For me this is by far the best concept album, some people say Sgt Pepper. What!! They are just couple of songs without coherence. Waters created an excellent concept with Great music with little help from Gilmour.
B000089RVX|2.0|There are like only 3 songs on the album that has a decent toon to them plus my fav song is Going Under!<br />To tell you the truth the album is overrated because it realy isent that great but as long as you like it enjoy!
0064409422|5.0|Death was corrupting too many in Narnia in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe, a wonderful place in which four curious children found one day after getting sent from England because of the air-raids. Little did Narina know that four children would break a empowering curse which would create Spring. Flowers would spring for the first time for many years, because the dread of winter would be no more and Narinia fulfilled its destiny of the two queens and two kings ruling this realm at a very stunning age.<BR> <BR>This book is to the top with magical objects and supernatural creatures. Creatures that is as mystical as a half goat and half human. C.S. Lewis is such a brilliant writer; so descriptive at times but not over describing at all. The book made me think about the hard times in which the scariest thing might just be the best no matter what. For example this book is so suspenseful at times because the children lose their feelings of hope at one point in the book but soon regain it to try to save a few significant characters. At times this book can get really slow but don't let that stop you from reading it because over all I would give this book an A.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I'm asking myself what I can say about this that will make the difference to those people who are still undecided. All of these reviews are raves. There's a good reason for that. The fact is: this program is the best thing American Television has ever produced. As science fiction it is more intelligent and its science is more real than any we've seen on the screen (big or small), as drama the characters are deeper, more complex, mysterious and interesting than any we've experienced before. Throw in several splashes of comedy, the best ensemble cast of actors ever brought together, and a theme song that now that I've reached the end of the DVD set puts a lump in my throat every time I hear it, and you have a masterpiece. And that is what this DVD set is: a masterpiece. Television as a work of art. And, it deserves your patronage.
B00004XONN|5.0|I own every Radiohead album and am a superb fan.<BR>Kid A takes the cake, this album is the epitome of the bands emotional and dramatic profoundness.  This album flows together song to song, better than any album I have ever heard, the tracks are seamless and flawless.  Being the most depressing Radiohead album also makes it a favorite for me, and more meaningful.  Thom's voice is very much an instrument in this album, more so than any other Radiohead album.  Quite a few people frown upon the use of &quot;techno beats&quot; in Kid A, but a good listen to Kid A will tell you that the beats are not overly used, they only add to the build of songs like the first track &quot; Everything in it's right place.&quot;<BR>Every sound you've heard the band strive for, every meaning Thom reaches for with his voice is fullfilled in this album.
B00006879E|5.0|This CD is by far the best that I own!!!!  I can listen to it over and over and never get sick of it.  Maroon 5 is one of the best bands to come along in a long time.  Everybody should go out and buy this CD right now if they don't have it.  They also are amazing in concert!!!
B00018D44U|5.0|At this point, only one day after it's release, I can not give an honest opinion or review of &quot;Feels Like Home&quot;. But at the same point I will give it 5 stars. <br />In looking back to when I first purchased &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;, I remember I found it boring and kept skipping over tracks in hopes of finding something more exciting. After about only a week I filed the CD away and did not play it again until 3 months later when I saw Norah on TV singing with Willie Nelson. It was such an excellent performance that I pulled the disc out and really gave each individual song a chance. I came to love the entire album, and eventhough the music was gentle and subdued, it was also creative and exciting. <br />So, back to Norah's current release &quot;Feels Like Home&quot;. The songs are similar enough to what she did on &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;, that I'm certain after a month or more of listening and getting to know each song a bit more intimately I will come to be as excited about this album as I was about the first. Hence at that point I will write a more detailed review.
B00005CDNI|5.0|Forget about all that golden compilations. ABBA is more, and I have discovered it reciently. In my opinion, Super Trouper is not the best ABBA album. Neither Arrival is it. And yes, The Visitors is much better than lot of people thinks.<br />But the best ABBA album is this one, regulary dismissed as the disco album: Voulez-Vous. Epic tunes, some funky, some ice melodies, some dated string arrangemenes and that two incredible voices... an irresistible and exotic mix for this XXI ears tired of grunge, post-grunge and progressive metal (and I also like that, can you believe). Give this a chance. Try to buy the last Dream Theater CD together with this one (as I did) and look at the boy from the shop's eyes.<br />You may not say it to your friends, but you'll probably listen this more than the Dream Theater one...
B000069AUI|5.0|Just when you thought it couldn't get any better than Parachutes, Coldplay goes ahead and releases this bad boy. A Rush of Blood to the Head gets my vote for album of the year in 2003.
B0000C8AV3|4.0|\\"Infidels\\" may be the most controversial album in Dylan's discography. Hailed upon its November 1983 release as a return to form (and all too predictably praised as his best since \\"Blood on the Tracks\\"), its reputation has suffered as a result of what we now know it could have been.<br />Several exceptional tracks, most notably \\"Blind Willie McTell\\" and \\"Foot of Pride,\\" were inexplicably omitted, a failure in judgment that the album has yet to live down. With the addition of those songs, it's doubtful any Dylan fan would consider \\"Infidels\\" anything but a masterpiece. Without those gems, this album still may have seemed better than it is to anyone relieved to see that Dylan had taken a break from the Christian proselytizing that characterized his previous three releases, two of which were commercial duds.<br />The album kicks off with \\"Jokerman,\\" as strong an opening as any Dylan has had, then moves on to the lovely (if sexist) \\"Sweetheart Like You.\\" From there, it's all downhill, with the interesting \\"I and I\\" and the invigorating \\"Neighborhood Bully,\\" but nothing that approaches the brilliance of the first two tracks or the outtakes that later saw release on \\"The Bootleg Series, Volume 1-3.\\"<br />Still, it's a good album, but less consistent in quality than its two predecessors (\\"Saved\\" and \\"Shot of Love\\") that many critics considered \\"Infidels\\" an improvement on.
B0001I561E|5.0|Aladdin is the best Disney Movie ever....and with the special edition DVD it is even BETTER!
B00004UFYU|4.0|Era II follows on from the success that Era I had incapsulated. The only reason I didn't rate the CD 5/5 was that the last track 'In Fine' was not a proper way of ending this spectacular CD.<br />This CD is a must for any Era fan, as Eric Levy has masterminded 9 songs of pure delight and bliss. The gregorian harmonies are in sync with the deep strumming of electronica and makes listening to a nice blend.<br />Hymne, Mirror and Omeno Sore are the highlights of the track followed by After Time, the female vocalist excels again.
B00008NG5V|4.0|If you liked Brushfire Fairytales, you are sure to love Jack Johnson's second release - On and On.
B000002UA0|5.0|This isn't Pink Floyd in the traditional sense, but it's a great album. Psychedlic and fun! Syd is a whimsical writer.<BR>&quot;Pow R Toc H&quot; (what the h--- does that mean?) is the only real flaw. Bo-ring!<BR>&quot;Lucifer Sam,&quot; &quot;Astronomy Domine,&quot; &quot;Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk,&quot; &quot;Flaming,&quot; and &quot;Scarecrow&quot; are the best songs. Rick and Syd sing good. (Roger is credited as singing on it, but I don't hear him!)<BR>Pity S. B. went nuts thanks to LSD. Heard he got it back together. Hope so. God bless ya Syd!
B00006CXSS|5.0|The most amazing work ever produced for television or the big screen.
0316236535|5.0|This is the favorite book of my son's pre-school two year old class.  They are not frigtened by the story and seem to like retelling the story back to the teacher.  My son enjoyed this book so much at school we bought it for his Christmas present and likes to look at it most days.  Very good for children 2-6 years of old.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|Only one flaw, Phoenix (Jean Grey) DIES! But still ... No movie, even the first could beat this one! It is outstanding and the special effects are even better. This movie is the only one (apart from X-Men 1) that doesn't go OTT on the effects, the actors do a great job of &quot;keepin' it real&quot; while makin' it enjoyable still. NOT just another comic book movie, it is the BEST comic book movie since the dawn of time. Hugh Jackman(Wolverine) is the cutest. Anna Paqiun (Rogue) is the coolest, wish i could do that! Who is your fave? let me know at rednblack@rock.com, love all of yall X-Men and Anna Fans out there. Keep the movies comin Anna plz. Laters, Steph<BR>p.s i aint claiming to be THE biggest fan of Anna's or owt, just big fan. <BR>But ... if you got beef wit Anna you got beef wit me!
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is simply the best piece of film ever made. Rarely has war, fraternity, loss, victory, tragedy, and reflection been packaged in such an astounding way.
B00005B4GU|5.0|In trying to explain something you can't quite put your finger on Amnesiac drifts through the ages, through death, through war, through vengence, through despair.  The world is somehow unravelled by looking back on what has brought us here and where we are going. Every song is close to home and of relevence to our time but somehow feels like its in a different time.<br />Amnesiac is not your normal off the shelf rock or pop or alternative music.  If you expect this or judge it on these standards you will be disappointed.  It sounds a little like rock music gone wrong at first but after a few listens you realise it doesn't sound anything like other rock.  I'm sure someone will rip it off and make it more poppy for the general public at some stage or sound similar to other alternative music for those who think its not alternative enough.  Just listen and enjoy.  If you don't enjoy it first listen, listen again.<br />This album among all others I listen to is my favourite, over floyd, over the beatles, it has something on all of them.  Its not cliched or expected lyrics but it makes perfect sense in some strange way and fits perfectly.
B0001AP12G|4.0|this cd is very good, i recommend it to everyone...however the only downfall to the cd is the skits...there are way too many skits...its ok the first time you hear the cd but it gets old fast...there is an incredible amount of talking...however the songs are great and everyone should get the cd because kanye can spit...if the cd had more songs and less skits... it would have recieved 5 stars
B000002AZ8|5.0|I believe this album is on of the most underrated albums of rock.<BR>From the linear notes to the songs themselves.If you just omit the final track of the album (I rate it a silver) every song is pure gold. I think every person should own this album. I feel that &quot;Corduroy&quot; is one of the greatest songs ever written. Pearl Jam, in my opinion, is the perfect example of a band.
B000002B1M|4.0|Every body says Nas fell off after Illmatic. He didn't he changed his style a bit. People couldn'e handle him flossing a bit but lyrically he's still at the very top of his game and the production on this album is probably better than Illmatic. Trackmasters handle most of it along with Dj Premier, LES, Dr Dre and Havoc. His subject matter is more about drugs and money but it's still great music to listen to and there is great storytelling in The Set Up, Street Dreams, I Gave You Power(best track on the album)and Shootouts. Biggie and Jay Z didn't get hate for flossing but Nas did. I'd rate this album behind Illmatic, Stillmatic, God's Son, The Lost tapes and I Am but it's worth getting to add to the Nas collection. Black Girl lost is about a girl who's messing up her own life. Live N Rap is a great collab with Mobb Deep and AZ, Cormega and Foxy drop heat on Affirmative action. Nas drops great lyrics on Nas Is Coming and Dre laces up a classic joint but the chorus brings the track down a level.  Here's the ratings for eah track:<br />Intro-No rating<br />The Message-4 stars<br />Street Dreams-5 stars<br />I Gave You Power-5 stars<br />Watch Dem N*****-4 stars<br />Take It In Blood-5 stars<br />Nas Is Coming-4 stars<br />Affirmative Action-4 stars<br />The Set Up-4 stars<br />Black Girl Lost-4 stars<br />Subject-4 stars<br />Shootouts-5 stars<br />Live N**** Rap-5 stars<br />If I Ruled The World-5 stars<br />Silent Murder-5 stars
B0000DD7NL|5.0|With the first listen I was not moved.  After going through some issues I played the CD again it has become an all time favorite.  Everyone knows when I pull up cause they hear Ms. Keys doing her thing through the speakers.  A good buy without a doubt.
B00008NG5V|5.0|If there's nothing you like better than to chill out with your mates on a weekend and get high, then this is definately the album for you. I was introduced to Jack's music by an Aussie on a gap year and can't stop listening to his music since. The melow rhythm and funky beats sets the perfect mood for another joint. A must have album for all you smokers out there!
B000002AZ8|5.0|I think that this is one of the most underrated albums in rock history. I think it as just as great, if not better, than Ten. From the linear notes to the songs themselves. I think &quot;Corduroy&quot; is one of the greatest songs in rock history. I think everyone should own this album. I think that Pearl Jam is the perfect example of a great band.
0385510438|5.0|Told in first person, this latest Grisham tale is a plethora of interesting and eccentric characters, intrigue, realism and tension, and wonderful writing that we've all become accustomed to in a work by Grisham,  <br />Like &quot;A Painted House&quot; this book is set in the South.  Like Grisham's legal thrillers, this one deals with trials, courtrooms, and everything in between.  <br />But this novel is a hybrid of all of his past (successful) attempts. This one blends his previous styles into a great melange of inspirational writing and plot.  The premise alone should make you want to read it, but that aside, the execution and writing are marvelous.  A truly enjoyable tale of small town life, mystery, and local color, all blended into a fun read.<br />Also recommended:  The Firm, Pompeii, Bark of the Dogwood, Drop City
B00004VYEO|5.0|I cannot imagine you talk about Mr. Miyazaki without knowing this movie. I'm might bit exaggerating if you dont like it. but Why dont you have watch to know you like or not.<BR>more info:[...]
B00018D44U|4.0|As a dance/house fan, I'm not much of a Jazz/Blues listener, but Norah Jones could convert anyone. Her raspy voice and mellow music can make anyone just sit back and enjoy the drive/experience/day/moment and relax in general. The entire album is amazinly non-commercial and with minimal production, an excellent collection of down-tempo, relaxing grooves, reminiscent of both Simon &amp; Garfunkel and Billie Holiday.  The best track by far is the brilliant &quot;In The Morning&quot; and &quot;the Prettiest Thing.&quot; A Blue Grass duet with Dolly Parton would bring a smile to anyone's face.
B00009L1OB|5.0|DURAN DURAN'S SEVEN AND THE RAGGED TIGER IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME. THIS ALBUM WAS A GIGANTIC SUCCESS WITH OVER A MILLION COPIES SOLD DURING ITS DEBUT, DURAN DURAN'S SEVEN AND THE RAGGED TIGER  WENT PLATINUM IMMEDIATELY. THIS ALBUM HELPED THEM BECOME EVEN MORE GIGANTICALLY SUCCESSFULL THAN THEY ALREADY WERE PRIOR, CONTINUING ON THEIR MASSIVE CLIMB IN SUCCESS LEADING TO THEIR TODAY LEGENDARY STATUS, AS ONE OF THE BIGGEST BANDS IN HISTORY. THIS ALBUM CONTAINS GREAT HIT SINGLES LIKE- THE REFLEX, NEW MOON ON MONDAY, AND UNION OF THE SNAKE. ALL TOP 10 SINGLES. THE REFLEX WAS #1 ON THE BILLBOARD POP ALBUM CHART FOR 2 WEEKS.  DURAN DURAN STARTED THEIR WORLD WIDE MASSIVE ARENA TOURS THE YEAR THIS ALBUM CAME OUT. anyone who listens to this great album will easily see why DURAN DURAN ARE GIGANTIC LEGENDS WHO CONTINUE TO GROW IN POPULARITY EVERY YEAR. DURAN DURAN CURRENTLY HAVE A STAR ON THE HOLLYWOOD WALK OF FAME. DURAN DURAN ARE THE GREATEST BAND IN HISTORY, AND ARE GREAT LEGENDS. I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GREAT MASTERPIECE OF AN ALBUM TO EVERYONE.
0316666343|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. I could not put this book down. The different perspective really draws you in and Susie Salmon's descriptions make you feel like you are there. Susie really grows through out the book and it feels like there are a few stories in one. Susie's portrayal of heaven is really believable and I could really identify with how hard it would be to keep her family together from heaven. I would recommend this book to teenage girls, or people who want to read from a different perspective.
1400034779|3.0|I really can't think of anything bad to say about this novel.  The heroine is extremely likable, the descriptions of Botswana beautiful, and the tales of Mma Ramtowse's cases light-hearted and entertaining.  I enjoyed the stories of the wayward Indian daughter, the husband eaten by the crocodile, and the philandering twins.  <br />The only thing about this story was that I forgot it as soon as I finished it.  Nothing much there really stayed with me.  Even the &quot;big&quot; case involving the boy abducted by witch doctors didn't have much substance.  Sweet, yes, but not much meat.  Overall, I recommend this book to anyone looking for a pleasant escape--and that's not a bad thing.
1558908382|4.0|I first saw GPB in 97 on VHS. I have been a huge Cusack fan since I was four. I'm 26 now. One of my favorite movies is The Sure Thing. Anyway, I try to watch as many of John's films as I can. When I first saw this I didn't like it. I found it boring and silly.  Maybe I was too immature to understand the hidden comedy. I threw the VHS away about two years ago. I bought the DVD last week and now I love GPB!  I don't know what was wrong with me!  This is a terrific film. John is just as fresh and funny as ever!  Everyone was fantastic!  Dan Aykroyd and Alan Arkin were hilarious. My point is, that sometimes you can't judge a book or film on your first glance. Many times we write reviews after seeing something once. I am glad I didn't write a review for GPB back then. If I had gone with my first instinct I would have given some bad advice and told people not to get this film. YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY OWN THIS DVD!  I have been watching it nonstop since I bought it again.  It gets better each time. It's romantic, funny and soothing.  I am glad I got the chance to view it again.  The DVD could have been much better. There were no special features, commentary, photo gallery or behind-the-scenes featurette. Usually that pisses me off but GPB is so good you don't feel you're missing a thing.
B00018D44U|5.0|This is definitely more mature than the first. &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; has taken off better with my ears than &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; did. It took me many months after purchasing her previous to really appreciate it. I always loved Norah's voice from the very beginning. But the songs took time getting used to.<br />&quot;Feels Like Home&quot; is breezier than its predecessor, which is delightful. It feels less like a textbook (required reading). Not as slow or tedious. The CD moves faster this time. As far as it needing more &quot;edge&quot; or &quot;pizzazz,&quot; I'm not sure what that really means for her.<br />What still needs improvement: No songs that I would consider classic. Basically, no stunners. I haven't been blown away yet, but hoping in the near future. She needs to take it to the next level with her 3rd attempt. <br />Recommendations: Would consider a song or two on next CD by David Foster or Diane Warren. If not those, I would bring in some different writers and producers just for freshness.<br />My favorite song is &quot;Carnival Town.&quot;
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|This album has some icky sticky melodies and guitar lines that just get stuck right in your head and make you wanna shake your moneymaker.  The guitar tone makes you feel real good, it's actually happy music with a good vibe to it despite the somewhat grungy initial feel.  Each song seems to center around a central, simple, fun, memorable guitar lick.  And for my money, i like simple and fun!!!  I like the Strokes way better than the Cars because they keep the experimentalism reinged in and just deliver great tired power-pop.  Anxiously awaiting their next release!
B0000TB01Y|5.0|This CD is absolutely amazing.  Nothing makes me happier than musical theater, and when my friend lent me this CD I quickly found my favorite show CD.  Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel in particular are INCREDIBLE - just listen to &quot;Defying Gravity&quot; and you'll know why.  The song gives me chills (as does &quot;No Good Deed&quot;) and I haven't even seen the show yet!  You will listen to nothing else if you get this.  STRONGLY recommended.
B00005JKQ6|4.0|An interesting but flawed film tracing man's journey from the foetus to the grave, using the unusual premise of one man swimming a succession of his neighbours' backyard pools to reach home. Previous correspondents have set out the details of the story superbly, so no need to here, but my reading of the film differs slightly. <BR>The film appears to be more about the struggle to hold one's head above water, in a metaphoric sense, than about Ned Merrill's state of mind (alcoholism is the predominant theory). In other words, our attempts to delay the inevitability of death are gradually revealed in Ned's odyssey, as he battles hostility (from the mother of a deceased friend), rejection (from a jilted lover), barely concealed scorn (by resentful &amp; snobbish neighbours), humiliation (attempting to cross a busy highway clad only in swimming trunks) etc. Each episode pieces together a picture of us, swimming upstream and against the tide of time, despairing of ever reaching our goals.<BR>Ned's odyssey falls at the final hurdle - he has run out of time, as time runs out eventually for us all. <BR>A bleak interpretation perhaps, and maybe nothing like what the film-makers, or John Cheever, comtemplated.... but.
B00005QDW5|4.0|Pink Floyd was an unique and extraordinary band. I have heard only a few Pink Floyd albums but I believe in that this best of collection includes most of their classic songs. There are early classics such as Bike, See Emily Play and Judgand Blues. From year 1967 to 1968 Syd Barrett made most of Piper at the Gates at the Dawn songs and a few other songs but his style was a very playful and personal psycedelic rock.  My favourite Barrett's song is See Emily Play which is very funny, happy and interesting track. Barrett was a very important person at the beginning of Pink Floyd's career. Shine On You Cracy Diamond and Wish You Were Here are dedicated to him. Specially, Shine On You Crazy Diamond is a very good farewall song to Barrett. Lyrics and Melodies are perfectly put together. The Most important song before the Dark Side of the Moon tracks is an epic Echoes which is unfortunately shorted version. Despite of that Echoes works well and it contains many feelings such as fear and lust. Money and Time are must songs and absolutely Pink Floyd's classics. Time is timeless song! From the Wall has taken four songs Happiest Day of Our Lives, Another Brick On the Wall Pt.2, Hey You and Comfortably Numb. Run Like is sadly dropper out. Hey You is very a strong song and like it a lot. Confortably Numb has a beautiful chorus part and a great quitar solo. After the Wall you can find some interesting such as High Hopes(Division Bell) and Flecher's Memorial Home ( The Final Cut )  Why I don't give five stars for this collection. I will tell three reason:<br /> 1. There are some songs that I don't like ( When Tigers Broke Free, Keep Talking)<br /> 2. Some tracks put stupidly one after another such as Sheep and Sorrow<br /> 3. Some classics are missing( for exemple Run Like Hell)<br /> I would give this collection 4 stars if it was possibly.<br /> Finally, Buy this collection if you want to start an interesting journey to strange world of Pink Floyd
B00009V7PJ|5.0|Honestly I expected a different format from her las 99Believe Tour, but, who cares, CHER CAN DO WHATEVER SHE MIGHT WANT AT ANY TIME...This concert features some of her biggest hits, from her 5 decades carrer, from the 65s &quot;All I Really Wanna Do, up to 2001s &quot;Different Kind Of Love Song&quot;. One of the most attractive points on this  concert are all her costumes, totally amazing.<BR>Other cool thing are the sequences played during her costume changes, they rock! CHER looks totally gorgeous, her voice is extremely powerful, shes just the best.To tell the truth, CHER IS THE ONLY AND TRUE WORLD MUSIC DIVA...theres no option...Sorry Madonna.<BR>CHER ROCKS AND RULES!!!!
B0000DIXDR|5.0|well i first saw this film about 7 years ago &amp; i have'nt been able to stop watching it since! it has such a great story line &amp; the soundtrack will get you dancing around your liveing room! its a shame they dont make films like this anymore! i think this film is a MUST see, to every 1. awwwww how i wish i could go 2 a holiday camp &amp; meet a bloke like that! welll take it from me i do no best this film is great! trust me im english! LOL
B000083E79|4.0|As many of us know, CHER is the only female singer with number ONE hits along 5 decades in world music history. This compilation includes just some of her major hits.And I say that just some because there are missing a lot of them.Any way this is a must for every Rock-Pop-music lovers.<BR>HIGHLY RECCOMENDED, BUT I ALSO RECOMEND YOU THE INTERNATIONAL RELEASE VERSION, THAT CONTAIS 2 DISCS WITH 42 TRACKS.THIS ONE IS JUST PERFECT. DONT LET IT GO...<BR>CHER RULES.
B0000C3I6U|4.0|A film by George Butler and Robert Fiore<br />This DVD was my first look into the world of professional bodybuilding and it provided the opportunity to Arnold Schwarzenegger back when he was a body builder.  I only know Arnold from his movies (and now that he is governor), so it was nice to see where he came from.  This documentary leads up to the Mr. Olympia competition.  Mr. Olympia is the pinnacle of professional bodybuilding.  If you can win this, you are the best in the world.  At the time of this film, Arnold had won for the previous 5 years and he was trying for his 6th Mr. Olympia title.  Also trying to win the title is Lou Ferrigno (who most people know as \\"The Hulk\\" from the television show).  Ferrigno is young and is entering his very first Mr. Olympia competition.<br />It is easy to see why Arnold became such a success.  He has a magnetic personality, he is likable, and he already knew how to play the type of mind games (or political games) that would serve him well later in life.  In the documentary, Arnold talked about how he would get in the heads of his fellow competitors, no matter if they were better trained or in better shape, he would ultimately win the competition because he psyched them out.  He also talked about how some body builders would come up to him and ask for advice, and he would often give them bad advice so that they would not do as well in competition.<br />It is also impressive to watch these body builders and see just what kind of shape they are in.  I think I saw muscles in places that I didn't know there were supposed to be muscles.  These are big men, but for the most part, they are not ridiculously muscled.  This documentary shows their personalities so that the men are more than just muscle-heads, and it shows their hopes and dreams as they have varying amounts of success and failure.  I thought this was a very interesting documentary and a fairly fast moving film.  This is good stuff and if the subject (or just Arnold) interests you at all, this is one to check out.nterests you at all, this is one to check out.
0517201658|5.0|I think someone already said that the descriptions were to long.  They didn't annoy me as much as that person but i tend to agree that maybe some things didn't need to be writen the way that they were, but that pales in comparison to the storyline.<BR>Forbiden love, two lovers plotted together and then torn apart by everything imagineable, that is the type of story reader lap up, but there is so much more to the thorn birds.  To give away anything to a person who has not yet read the book should be outlawed.  The thorn birds is a lesson learnt in life that is worth reading to anyone.  Hardships, death, friendship, love, temptation, the author chose so many good themes and she intertwined them beautiful into a novel that readers will cherish for a lifetime.
B0000CFW87|1.0|The preference for singers is very subjective. But I would like to point out that we have a great pool of talents in our time and please don't miss them. If you like the baritone voice, please try any cds by Dimtri Hvorostovsky. He simply does not make bad cds. Other great voices you should at least try to listen to for once: Thomas Hampson, Nathan Gunn, Thomas Allen, Thomas Quassthoff, Bo Skovhus, Gino Quilico,  Peter Mattei. By the way, most of these gentlemen are very easy on the eyes. I may as well throw in three tenors as bonus: Ramon Vargas, Juan Diego Florez and Michael Schade. If you have heard all of these singers and still think Groban's cd is the \\"best thing\\", then I am really speechless. Please don't call me a \\"snob\\" just because I would like to share with you some of the best voices in the world.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I really like this cd. Josh Groban is very talented. I got a feeling that Josh Groban is going to be around for a long time to come. I love his voice, he's someone that can really sing and he has a very respectful career. He's not going for the trends in music or doing anything tacky for publicity stunts. I'm glad to see a talented musician with class. Josh Groban sings opera but it leans more towards a mainstream pop/contemporary style. The cd booklet also comes with lyrics.
B000000OQF|4.0|I am not a die hard GNR fan.  From what I've read &amp; seen, I don't even like the members of GNR.  But I will readily admit that their debut album Appetite for Destruction is one of the best hard rock albums of the 1980's.  I bought it on cassette a few weeks after its original release ('87) and wore out the tape within months.<br />For most of the 1980's, hard rock/pop metal albums were what I call &quot;sinlge albums&quot;.  You remember, the MTV/radio singles were the first two songs on the album (the usual formula was a rocker opener and a ballad) and the rest of the material was a forgettable waste of time (&quot;filler&quot;).  It got so bad that I usually just bought the silly little cassette singles packaged in those cheap cardboard sleeves rather than waste $9.99 on a whole tape.<br />Not so with Appetite.  This is a hard rock masterpiece.  This album is definitely greater than the sum of its parts (&quot;parts&quot; being the band members).  Virtually EVERY song on this record is at least good and many are great.  The singles &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot;, &quot;Paradise City&quot;, &amp; &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; are of course very listenable.  &quot;It's So Easy&quot; &amp; &quot;Mr. Brownstone&quot; are a couple of overlooked gems, too.  &quot;You're Crazy&quot; &amp; &quot;Rocket Queen&quot; are also some definite non-fillers.  With the exception of &quot;Sweet Child&quot;, there are no really slow moments on this album.  Mike Clink's production is pretty clean and clear, too.  Yes, the lyrics are quite shallow, and the music is usually predictable, but they rock (and in the 80's that's what really mattered).  Compared to the barren dross churned out by other contemporaries, Appetite is literally a GIANT among pygmies.<br />The album cover is a cross adorned with the skulls of the band members imposed over a simple black background.  It is one of the most classic, well-known images of hard rock, regardless of era or age.<br />Unfortunately, GNR went the way of the dodo bird after Appetite, and none of their follow-ups could match their debut.  Lies, Lies, Lies was really an effort of EP stature (but then again I don't really like live stuff).  The Use Your Illusions I &amp; II were downright terrible, with really hoaky attempts at folk rock (fail) and more serious lyrics (fail).  And please, for the love of all that is holy, good, decent and right, DO NOT buy the Spaghetti Incident.  Stay away from it.  Don't touch it.  Don't even look at it.  I assume the band members got together before recording it and said &quot;Alright, how can we end our careers?&quot;.  A copy was given to me by a &quot;friend&quot;, and I pawned it two days later.<br />GNR fan or not, one would not be disappointed with Appetite.  It should belong in the collection of anyone who likes just a good, solid, hard rock album.y, GNR went the way of the dodo bird after Appetite, and none of their follow-ups could match their debut.  Lies, Lies, Lies was really an effort of EP stature (but then again I don't really like live stuff).  The Use Your Illusions I &amp; II were downright terrible, with really hoaky attempts at folk rock (fail) and more serious lyrics (fail).  And please, for the love of all that is holy, good, decent and right, DO NOT buy the Spaghetti Incident.  Stay away from it.  Don't touch it.  Don't even look at it.  I assume the band members got together before recording it and said &quot;Alright, how can we end our careers?&quot;.  A copy was given to me by a &quot;friend&quot;, and I pawned it two days later.<br />GNR fan or not, one would not be disappointed with Appetite.  It should belong in the collection of anyone who likes just a good, solid, hard rock album.
B000008COG|5.0|THIS IS THE ONLY ALBUM,WITH SIMON WRIGHT THAT I LIKE ON DRUMS(NOT THAT FLY WAS BAD) ,HE SOUNDS A LITTLE LIKE PHIL RUDD,THIS MAN LEFT AC/DC FOR \\"DIO\\",THAT WAS A BIG MISTAKE!THIS ALBUM HAS ALOT OF HARD ROCKIN' TUNES.I LOVE KISSIN' DYNAMITE AND SOME SIN FOR NOTHIN'.THE LYRICS ARE NOT QUITE AS BAD AS FLY ON THE WALLS,BUT ARE NOT BACK IN BLACK STANDARDS (WHAT IS)?THE RAW,POWERFUL,COOL SOUND OF THIS HELPS QUITE A BIT!!!CHECK THIS OUT,YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!!
B00005JKJA|1.0|I was like a lot of people, I thought David Lynch was a great director based on the Twin Peaks TV show.  But after watching a few of his feature films, I realized something: David Lynch is crazy and his movies rarely make any sense that all.<br />Take Mulholland Drive for example, this is really a movie about what?  Is it a murder mystery?  Isn't a romantic drama?  Is it some surrealistic drug trip put on film?  It's hard to tell.  But I do know that it is two hours of boredom with some girl on girl action scenes and some violence thrown in for good measure.  This film does make more sense than Lost Highway, but that is like saying one nut in the nut house is not as crazy as the another nut in the same nut house.<br />I think David Lynch's films are like the Emperor's new clothing.  As long as everybody says that he's a great director, then he is a great director.  I disagree; his films are mess.  Mulholland Drive is probably the least messy of his films but that is really not saying very much.<br />Do yourself a favor, skip it.
B000002JNN|5.0|no this is not a comes back to me.i love all ac/dc cds!this album is my 4th favorite.i would like to point out mr. chris slade,a much better drummer than simon wright!he drumed with power like phil rudd whose 1st,and chris is my 3rd favorite drummer(look on other reviews to see my second!!)this album has amazing songs like,are you ready,thunderstruck,$talks,fire your guns etc....the production work by bruce f. is great.i reccomend all ac/dc albums,but this one is awesome!!!!!!!!
B00013PHGS|5.0|Talkie Walkie is truly an amazing album, and for fans of Air it's even more so.  It's kind of disappointing for me to see so much ragging on 10,000 ghz in the reviews of Talkie Walkie, because it's one of those albums that you have to REALLY listen to before you start to get it or think you get it, but I feel there's a lot of 10,000 ghz in Talkie Walkie.  To me, this album sums all of Air's previous work (with the exception of premiers symptomes, a sound I think they've pretty much left in the gutter...).  The ambient backgrounds are easily traceable; first from the cinematic score of virgin suicides, to the muddled-ness of Legend, and are carbon copies of the ignored Air and Baricco.  Listening to this album, there actually an &quot;OH....&quot; moment when I realized how that ambience had matured.<BR>The lyrics, cheesy as can be, borrow heavily from 10,000 as well.   The only difference is the vocoders they used this time seem a lot more friendly and a lot less intrusive.<BR>This CD, like the genius MOON SAFARI, is just incredibly easy and fun to listen to.  I recommend Run, Universal Traveler, and Alpha Beta Gaga.
B000002JS6|5.0|MADE IN EARLY 80S,THIS ALBUM SOUNDS AS IF IT WERE MADE YESTERDAY!A TRIBUTE ALBUM TO THE LATE GREAT BON SCOTT.BRIAN JOHNSON COMES IN AND BECOMES THE VOICE OF AC/DC.THE 6TH BEST SELLING ALBUM EVER!OVER 30,000,000 COPIES SOLD!!!!!!!!!THAT SHOULD SAY SOMETHING.THIS ALBUM HAS MY FAVORITE AC/DC SONG \\"BACK IN BLACK\\",AND MY FAVORITE DRUMMER PHIL RUDD.THIS HAS WONDERFUL PRODUCTION,ITS NICE AND CRISP.AC/DCS FINEST MOMENT,AND THEY WILL NEVER CHANGE!!!!!!!!!BECAUSE I DONT WONT THEM TO,NEITHER DO OTHER FANS!
B0001AP158|5.0|I was one of the lucky few who was able to attend one of these special nights at the Borgata Casino in Atlantic City. One of only two performances ever of the acoustic reworked versions of old friends. While the album was innovative, the live performance was a revelation. In this intimate setting the lyrics become more meaningful. Bad Name becomes a bluesy steamy number for example. It's My Life a poignant ballad of hope. Jon had pulled two new songs off the album but they are here. If you are at all concerned and disappointed lately at the disposable nature of music today do not miss Last Man Standing. This song should be required listening for anyone involved in the music industry- Janet and Justin are you listening? If that wasn't worth the price of the DVD alone check out the cover of the old Dr. Hook classic Sylvia's Mother. This country rock version is soulful and passionate. An impromptu acoustic Love for Sale which happened the first night due to technical difficulties opened the set the second night and got the crowd going and it is included here. Other favorites not on the TLFR CD are also here such as Saturday Night and Misunderstood. The extra features all value. If you get the limited edition you get to play poker with the guys and if you win you get to see footage from their legendary Hyde Park Concert of 2003 which drew 92,000 people to the park on a Sunday in June. If you are poker challenged you can go right to the footage but playing with the guys is a lot of fun. Bon Jovi should be proud of this DVD- Tony Bongiovi, the director went out of his way to make this more than the usual concert DVD.
B00018D44U|2.0|Norah Jones sings wonderfully in her new CD however, the songs all seem musically sparse compared to her last CD. There are some good songs on this CD but overall I think it lacks the soul and intensity found in &quot;Come Away With Me.&quot; If you like Norah Jones I would recomend buying this CD but don't expect any revalations. If you are new to Norah Jones I would suggest starting with &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;.
B00009V7T2|5.0|This is one of those rare CDs that will hook you from first listen and make you want to hear more. I really miss At The Drive-In. I had barely gotten into them, when they broke up. But when my friends reassured me that there were two bands being formed with the members of the band, I had to jump at the chance. I bought Sparta's CD and was blown away! Then I bought Mars Volta, and was even more blown away. Of the two, I think Volta is better because they have a more intricate sound than Sparta which is just guitars and screaming vocals. Don't get me wrong both bands are great, but this has to be the better album. Anyway, let me talk more about the album.<br />I can't review each song because it will take a while to go through the whole album which is exactly 1 hour long (for 10 bucks that's definitely worth it!) But this is a band that won't have too many singles because their songs are long &quot;Led Zeppelin-like&quot; lengthy songs. I mean &quot;Cicatriz esp&quot; runs for 12 minutes. Speaking about what the band sounds like, here is what I think the band sounds like (to all of you that hate comparisons just bare with me, this is for those who want to know who TMV sound like) a mix between Zeppelin, Rush, and a lot of indie bands too!Buy this album now people! Make MARS VOLTA release more albums so we'll always be happy! That goes for Sparta too, they need to make more albums. Anyways PICK THIS UP!!!!!! IT WILL ROCK YOU FOREVER!!
B0001AP12G|1.0|to all tha people givin this album 5 stars,all of u need 2 clean tha bulls*** out of your ears.thats why i never listen 2 album reviews from here because u people give anything 5 stars.kanye west isnt doing anything new on this album,what hes doin is bein done in hip hop every single day.all hes doin is stealing peoples beats,remaking them,and then puttin average lyrics 2 them thats it.every song he has ever did and every beat hes ever made has been sampled from something.2 tha real hip hop fans on here,this is not a 5 mic album,there is no originality in this album at all,kanye is bringing nothin new 2 tha table so dont get it twisted.all these people giving this album 5 stars and sayin its so different from anything else r a bunch of TRL viewers that r bandwagon jumpers who only hop on what hot or hip at tha latest(trend-followers).its a decent solo effort but its far from bein a classic.kanye west is nothing but a beat biter,dont believe tha hype.
B000000OAC|5.0|Great album, hits we wiil rock you/champions are a great start of this cd. sheer heart attack and it's late are awsome hard rockers.  my favorits songs are probably spread your wings and meloncoly blues. A good place to start for new Queen fans.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Since I heard him spit &quot;Chi-town go-gettin pimps, we mobsters/gingerbread man even said 'you're a monster'&quot;, I knew he was more than a producer. Not only does K West feature some of the freshest beats, but he shows on this album that he can put it down on the mic. This album is one of the best I've heard in a long time, production and lyric wise. He's got great guest features on the album, but he also proves that he can lay down an off-the-hook radio single (Jesus Walks) by himself. There's no filler tracks, and the skits flow perfectly. Hands down, the best album I've heard in a while.
B000000OE7|5.0|Made In heaven is a wonderful album. I like every song. This album and Innuendo prove what an amazing man and talent freddy mercury was. To me this isn't a depressing or pessimistic album by any means. instead what we have is beuty and hope. my favorite songs are A winters Tale, and the emotional mother love. Too much love will kill you and heaven for everyone are also among my favorites. This album has had a lasting effect on me, from the beutiful album cover(a scene of celebration),to the great mellow music throughout the album. This album was a good way for the surviving members of queen to pay tribute to freddys life.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kanye West's debut album is, in one word, refreshing.  In a day and age where Nick Cannon and 50 Cent rule the radiowaves, Kanye West provides a smart, witty and touching album that enlightens the mind and soothes the soul.<br />Being a member of the Roc-a-fella camp, one would think that Kanye would be quick to jump aboard the bling band-wagon.  While he devotes a song or two to his love of money, he also offers insight into other matters in his life (school, family, God, and his near-fatal car crash experience).  On 'Last Call' (the album's twelve minute finale), Kanye talks to his audience, as opposed to MC'ing.  Over a beautiful saxophone sample, Kanye describes his slow rise to fame, and the prices he paid to get there.<br />The album is intresting, with Kanye sampling Marvin Gaye, Aretha Franklin and Luther Vandross to name a few.  His beats have an old-school feel to them, re-touched with a new school flavour.  Kanye's MC'ing skills are not as dynamic as his production, but are strong nonetheless.  His flow proves that he can ride a beat with words, and his lyrics show how introspective the man can be. On 'Jesus Walks', Kanye rhymes \\"I ain't here to argue about his facial features/or here to create atheists into believers/I'm just tryin' to say the way school needs teachers/the way Kathie-Lee needed Regis/that's the way I need Jesus\\". <BR>Like all modern records, this album is not without a few flaws.  There are an abundance of skits on the album, which leaves the listener craving for more Kanye.  While they are thought-provoking and funny, they simply cannot compare to the quality of his music.  The album starts out strong, but he stumbles on 'The New Workout Plan' and 'Breathe In, Breathe Out' featuring Ludacris.  He recovers nicely.<br />\\"The College Dropout\\" is not revolutionary, nor will it change the face of hip-hop.  It lacks the impact of Dr. Dre's 'The Chronic', or Nas' 'Illmatic'.  Quite simply, \\"College Dropout\\" is a rare gem in a fabricated industry that promotes violence, money and sex.  Kanye dares to be different, and treats all hip-hop fans (backpackers, mainstreamers alike) to a soul-filled, truthful, catchy album that will undoubtedly develop a cult following.
B000000OAN|5.0|this is one of the great albums of all time.  From the prophet song, to bo rap this music is complete originality.  your my best friend and love of my life are breath taking. The freddy mercury dittys lazing on a sunday afternoon and death on to legs are also great.  This cd is a must have for any rock fan.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|This cd is Iron Maiden at its best. I came back to Iron Maiden in 2000 when I heard Brave New World and I'm glad to say that this record is every bit as good as that CD. The title track, Paschendale, Rainmaker and many more are future Maiden classics. The band is in top form most notably Bruce Dickinson whose vocal performances continue to amaze me. How this guy manages to keep his voice so strong 25 years into his career is a real mystery. Get this album right away and prepare yourself for some more vintage Iron Maiden!
B0000630BT|3.0|This album is a bit overated, but it's not bad. The title track is a classic, also all guns blazing, a touch of evil and one shot at glory are great. The ok songs are hell patrol and between the hammer and the anvil. the songes that are bad are leather rebal, metal meltdown and the silly nightcrawler. All in all this not a great or bad album, it falls somewhere in between.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is the great singles from the legendary rock band The Beatles. In their relatively short career span(around 8 years)they managed to release groundbreaking albums and songs and this release attempts to complile all the hits on one 80 minute cd. This being said, they have done a pretty good job. Its great slowly progressing through the album and listening to how the band matured as a whole, the start consisted of bubble gum pop tunes and then eventual blossomed into such greats as &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Something&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Come Together&quot;. The liner notes also provide linear pictures of the band and their albums and its amusing to look at the first picture and then compare it to the last, even their personal appearance had changed, from clean cut kids to bearded, long haired men. By the end of their career they had changed music forever, the Mozarts of their time wearing long hair and excentric clothing and, according to who you talk to, they were also &quot;assisted&quot; by a 3 letter drug. But that is neither here nor there, the reason I didnt give it 5 stars is due to the gaping hole left by not including ANY of the classic tracks from Sgt.Pepper, true none of the tracks on the album were &quot;hits&quot; but they are essential in any span of the Beatles career! Anways this is a great primer for a beginning Beatles fan and anyone who wants most of the hits on one convienent cd.
B000000OAH|5.0|jazz is a very good piece of work.  It's a album that somehow gets overlooked. Why one dimensional bands like nirvana and Metallica get so much credit?, and greats bands like queen that always did new and interesting things get overlooked. this has classics like, fat bottomed girls/bicycle race and don't stop me now.  Other great songs include the hallroom jazz of dreamers ball, and freddys great mustapha. great mixture of music like ballads jealosy and only seven days to hard rockin entertain you and dead on time make this another solid effort from Queen.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I absolutely love this cd. There is not one song on this cd that I don't like. Absolutely perfect cd.
0385510438|1.0|I thought after the very weak effort on Bleachers he would bounce back with one of his best efforts.  WRONG!  Don't waste your money, reading this book is less exciting than listening to Nora Jones.
B00018D44U|4.0|Many seem disapointed with this new cd, but I love it.  It does lack some of the raw passion from the first, but if you like Norah and her style, I reccomend that you buy this one as well.  One song does have a country flair, but it's fun and doesn't bother me.  'Sunrise' (1st track) is hauntly good.  It is a beautiful fresh song that sticks with you all day!  Great artist, great album.
6304211740|3.0|I'll start with what impressed me about this. The two girls who played Jane (young and grown) were both perfect for the part visually. The older Jane had a sense of quiet intelligence and a gentle strength that gave her a certain charm. The man playing Rochester did quite a good job as well although it wasn't visually. I loved how he acted it, if only they could place his talent into another body. The scenery was gorgeous, just as I might have imagined it. It adheres to the story MOSTLY (the parts it did tell, that is). The music was astounding as well. Now, for the cons of this movie. First of all, it just simply left out SO MUCH of the story for it to be impactful! It also changed so much after Jane left Rochester to something less dreary than what really happened to her. If you haven't read the book, then this is fun to watch. If you have read the book though, and liked it, this version may insult you. I liked it overall though, it's not boring or corny.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is one of the best albums i've heard <BR>in a while,or at least since the black album.<BR>it's a great deput album with not one filler <BR>track. all the beats are great and his lyrics<BR>are surprisingly dope.
B0001AP12G|5.0|With &quot;The College Dropout&quot;, Kanye West steps out from behind the boards and into the spotlight.  Already a household name among hip-hop heads for his production work on Jay-Z's &quot;Blueprint&quot; and hit singles for the likes of Alicia Keys (&quot;You Don't Know My Name&quot;), Ludacris (&quot;Stand Up&quot;), Talib Kweli (&quot;Get By&quot;) and others, West shows that he can rip the mic with the same ferocity and unique style that he uses on the boards.  Crossing the flashiness and bragadaccio of mainstream hip-hop (&quot;Last Call&quot;) with the social commentary and self-reflection of &quot;conscious&quot; hip-hop (&quot;All Falls Down&quot;), West has developed a style all his own. Due to extensive bootlegging and internet leaks, many songs (&quot;Two Words,&quot; &quot;Never Let You Down,&quot; etc.) on the album have already been heard.  In addition, the successful single &quot;Through the Wire,&quot; in which Kanye raps through a jaw wired shut due to a near-fatal car accident, the current club and radio hit &quot;Slow Jamz&quot; also appear on the album.<BR>     However, the album is filled with stand-out never before-heard tracks such as &quot;Jesus Walks,&quot; in which West details his relationship with God (&quot;the way Kathie Lee needed Regis/that's the way I need Jesus&quot;) over a stomping beat and the party-starting &quot;Get 'Em High,&quot; featuring Talib Kweli and Common.<BR>West more than holds his own in lyrics and delivery, spitting rhymes next to Jay-Z, Ludacris, Mos Def and others throughout the album.  With this impressive first showing and his proven track record as a producer, Kanye West has set his claim for a spot among hip-hop's elite.
B000002LR6|5.0|This album got me acquainted to Ministry and to the vast realm of industrial music. I got it from a friend of mine, the one that I least expected to be tinkering with such violent music, and I was hooked right from the start. This was love at first listen, for sure. And now, 11 years later, these feelings haven't faded the least!<br />Al Jourgensen and Paul Barker have already stormed the world with their previous groundbreaking mercyless metal-machine assaults of &quot;The Land of Rape and Honey&quot; and &quot;The Mind is a Terrible Thing to Taste&quot;. These 2, and &quot;Psalm 69&quot; are the Golden Age of Ministry, the most creative and inspired period of their work.<br />Just like the previous work, the music here is made of very hooky guitar riffs pasted over insane drum-machine rhythms. Together they make unique machine-like sound that stays in your brain for weeks. Sound-processed vocals and countless samples add to the overall feeling of robotic origin of this music. &quot;Psalm 69&quot; is the peak of this sound approach by Ministry.<br />Song &quot;N.W.O.&quot; is very representative of what's to come. Groovy rhythm, mercyless pounding drum, harsh voice of Jourgensen, samples from movies like &quot;Platoon&quot; and from speeches by the US President George Bush (Sr.), all of this is mixed together perfectly. While aggressive, this is also a danceable track, which is surprising. It has a cool video, too.<BR>&quot;Just One Fix&quot; goes with more brutal marching drums and more shouting vocals. I can't stop thinking of this song as a template for everything &quot;Rammstein&quot; released in their very MTV-successful career. Unprepared listeners might develop terrible headache by this point in the album.<BR>&quot;TV II&quot; further increases the headache factor, pushing the drum-machine tempo to some insane, well over 300 bpm, values. Fast pounding merges into disturbing noise, that underlines the guitar attack and processed screaming by Al.<BR>&quot;Hero&quot; calms down somewhat, dropping the tempo and the sonic attack factor. This song is a groovy sing-along number.<BR>&quot;Jesus Built My Hotrod&quot; culminates the album. It can be described as &quot;industrial rock-n-roll&quot;, or perhaps, &quot;ZZ Top&quot;-in-your-computer. High tempo, while not really violent, this entertaining song rushes through your senses. It can also make a good listen while driving a car or a motorcycle over an empty highway. Just watch your cornering speed.<BR>&quot;Scare Crow&quot; introduces us to the hypnotic slow sound of Ministry. It's heavy and makes a very complex soundscape. A somewhat unexpected number after the hyperspeed sonic attack of this record's 1st half.<BR>&quot;Psalm 69&quot; is again a mid-tempo song alternating between singing-songlike parts and instrumental parts filled with industrial noises and samples.<BR>&quot;Corrosion&quot; and &quot;Grace&quot; end the album with more of a slow heavy hypnotic music, again with a healthy dose of samples.<br />To say this album is highly recommended won't do justice to this work of pure genious. Together with Nine Inch Nails' &quot;The Downward Spiral&quot;, Fear Factory's &quot;Demanufacture&quot; and White Zombie's &quot;Astro Creep: 2000&quot; this record makes an Essential Industrial Metal Collection that should be standing on CD-shelves of every fan of this style of music.<BR>When you listen to this, hopefully, you'll come to realize how unoriginal and secondary the praised Rammstein are.
B000002G7E|5.0|what can I say?  This group was ten years ahead of its time.  This album is RAW, but a true masterpiece.  The Velvets were one of the greatest assets to punk music. This album is a representation of the band at their creative peak.  With the dismisal of Andy Warhol as a producer and Nico finally getting kicked out, they were able to branch out and make the kind of music they originaly intended. It sold sparsly which only further proves that its a masterpiece, not because of hype but because the music is simply amazing. A great album by a great band.
1565117700|5.0|This is not only my all-time favorite Steinbeck, but probably my all-time favorite book.  Second place probably goes to EAST OF EDEN or Jackson McCrae's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD.  Still, OF MICE is so much fun, so easy to read, and such a pleasure.  Highly recommended for anyone wanting a good read.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|My wife took me to this movie on the basis of \\"We need a night out,\\" and \\"There's nothing else in the theaters.\\"  The trailers had made some of the moments in this movie look horribly embarassing to watch, so I was NOT eager.<br />The movie, however, was a delightful surprise, full of good people trying to deal with life's unpredictability and find the time to show each other that they care, and deeply.  There are funny moments galore, and almost any of the major performances in this film are Oscar-level material.  And I wasn't embarassed a bit about any of it.<br />There are three relationships that turned it into a \\"Boy am I glad I saw this\\" film.  Colin Firth as Jamie Bennett and the Portuguese girl he falls in love with without ever being able to exchange a word because he doesn't speak Portuguese and she doesn't speak english, Liam Neeson as the widower and his son who are each trying to deal with the loss and find new path in life, while the son chases a girl who apparently doesn't even notice he's alive, and Hugh Grant, as the Prime Minister, finding love in a place he'd never thought to look.<br />I'd give it five stars, except that the soundtrack features some of the most G_d-awful slop pop on the planet, very poor as background music when compared against Craig Armstrong's love themes. Armstrong's work is, in my opinion, some of the most beautiful music ever composed, and my best composers company includes Bach and Beethoven.<br />Between the acting and Craig Armstrong, this one's a keeper.
0385510438|5.0|Only Grisham could write characters that you hate so much, yet don't mind being around.  It's the mark of a great writer; one that is able to keep your interest in a character while letting you know he's the worst possible excuse for a human being on the planet.  Such is the case with Danny Padgitt-the murderer and sociopath in Grisham's \\"The Last Juror.\\"  But Danny is only one of a handful of people that populate this small town where a newspaper has failed and, even though recently purchased, needs a shot in the arm to revive it completely.  Enter Mr. Padgitt.  And while he helps out with circulation figures-albeit in an indirect and unintentional way-he's also the vehicle that pulls the plot along, swearing to exact revenge on the jury that put him away for life.  Life turns out to be only nine years and people start to die shortly thereafter-you do the math.  At any rate, \\"The Last Juror\\" is an excellent read, full of great descriptions, wonderful characters, and a great plot.  But then, you be the jury.<br />Also recommended:  A Time to Kill, The Firm, Bark of the Dogwood
0804102988|4.0|Other reviewers have dealt with the plot, characters and themes, so I am going to concentrate on how to cope with this book.  <br />At 1330 pages, it's very long.  Allow  2 months to read it, and if you cannot clear at least 35 pages a day, don't pick it up that day. Run some contrasting short books alongside it (I read some Carson McCullers, for example) so that you won't feel bored/depressed/guilty while scrabbling along.   <br />Is it worth reading?   Definitely.  It has its faults, but is an immensely worthy book.  Is that enough?  Sure.  You will get some good stories and a lot of history.  <br />Rutherfurd subtitled it \\"The Novel of England\\", asserting that  \\"Sarum is a novel and to see it as anything else would be a mistake.\\"    22,000 years of love, lust, envy, hatred, success, failure are chronicled in pot-boilerish narrative.   It's mostly skilful, sometimes frankly two-dimensional.   A couple of chapters run to as much as 150-200 pages, luckily with internal breaks.  They have been compared to discrete novellas, but the fictional families unify the novel.  <br />Rutherfurd sets his imaginary families \\"amongst people and events that either did exist, or might have done.\\"  People have questioned his selection of dates, but each enshrines a landmark of English history. Concerned with his characters' physical survival above all,  there is admittedly too much on drainage and masonry.   <br />But this is a minor quibble.   Rutherfurd provides a terrific canvas of political, social, religious, cultural, and industrial events.  Along the way, he brings in important figures like Charlemagne and  major literary works, e.g.,  Beowulf.   You might question some of the relevance, but it's mostly  rewarding - and I assure you, there's plenty to be learned from this book.<br />Finishing it was a struggle, but I'm glad I did.  Highly recommended.
B00005JMTN|5.0|Tim Burton makes strange movies, and this movie is no exception to that rule.  He doesn't follow 'normal' story lines, and he breaks a lot of rules.  I've enjoyed many of his movies in the past, but this is the first of his that I absolutely love.<br />It seems people are either completely entranced with this movie, or they are impressed by the imagery and disappointed by the story.  In this movie, a father has told fantastic stories all his life, much to the delight of everyone around him, except his son.  As an adult, father and son are estranged, until the father is on his deathbed, and the son returns home hoping to understand what is the truth about his father.  <br />Everyone seems to agree that the telling of these tales is a great feature of this movie.  The special effects are done well, and the tales all seem magical, so much so that everyone is happier (or sadder) and everything is shinier in the version of events told by the father than in the 'real' world seen in the eyes of his son.  These tales make this movie worth the price of admission alone.<br />The overall theme of the movie is perhaps a little harder to see than many folks would like.  All of these people in the movie love the story teller, and love the stories, and they play with him.  The son, wanting to know the truth, eventually realizes that it doesn't matter what the truth is, because he loves his father.  In the end, he finds it easier to accept his father's tales for what they are, and does what he can to make his father's passing easier.  There is no perfect ending, no large lessons learned, simply the acceptance of a father by his son.<br />The actors for this movie are well chosen, and particularly well done.  Jessica Lange and Alison Lohman do particularly well as the young and old Sandra Bloom (and they look alike, as well).  Ewan McGregor's constant smile works well with this character, and the sombre Helena Bonham Carter is right on.  My only complaint was that Billy Crudup was abad choice for the son, his voice is too entrancing to be the voice of a character as lost as the son.  It would be like casting James Earl Jones as a wallflower.<br />All in all, I think this movie is fantastic (in the old and modern senses of the word) and very well done.
1402555989|5.0|If having autism could be demonstrated quite literally, this book is it! I have known many individuals with autism over the last 30 years and I saw many of them in the character of the narrator, Christopher. Christopher's character is the essence of the person with autism, who wants the world to be well-ordered and logical. He does mathematical equations in his head to get calm and I wish that would work for me!<BR>I loved reading Christopher's thought processes thoughout the book. Christopher decides to investigate who murdered Wellington, the neighbor's dog. His father tells him to mind his own business and not investigate. But Christopher thinks about what Sherlock Holmes would do and investigates anyway. Christopher reasons that most people who kill others usually kill someone they know and are close to. He then reasons it would not unusual to be murdered by someone in your family on Christmas Day!<BR>This book is a work of art and it provides pathos, wisdom and understanding to the curious world of people with autism in the daytime and the nighttime.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|Yes we'll have to say that Underworld has a lot of faults. From the story line of the elders being really fuzzy to the vampires themselves being, lets face it, a little weak. And how many bullets does a handgun clip hold? Up to 13 for a .40. How come during some firing scenes with Selene I was reminded of the movie &quot;Commando&quot; where Arnold never seemed to run out of bullets in one clip? But I admired Danny McBride's vision of what it would be like to have an actual conflict between two great species. The only problem is that we need a bunch of holes filled within the story line to make things more interesting. That means we need a sequel that surpasses this one. Overall I have to say even though you could pick Underworld apart it was very enjoyable.
B00004T9UH|4.0|this is one of my favorite c.d.s ever.  un-edited is better, but this one is also good.<br />1.psa announcement- just silence n/a<BR>2.kill you- good song. a little disturbing, but good. 7/10<BR>3.stan- amazing song. very sad. 10/10<BR>4.skit- just a skit.  waste of space on the album. 1/10<BR>5.who knew- good song. 7/10<BR>6.skit- funny! 6/10<BR>7.the way i am- awesome song. raw eminem, with no co-writers. 10/10<BR>8.the real slim shady- hysterical and quotable. i make references to this song almost everyday. 10/10<BR>9.remember me- i would have liked it better if it was just slim. 6/10<BR>10.im back- good song, funny. 7/10<BR>11.marshall mathers- very nicely done. one of my favorites. 10/10<BR>12.ken- eww...1/10<BR>13.drug ballad- love this song!! 10/10<BR>14.amityville- ok song. 6/10<BR>15.b**** please 2- good song, i like nate dogg a lot. 8/10<BR>16.the kids- funny!!!!- 7/10<BR>17.under the infuence- ok. funny, but not that good. 6/10<BR>18.criminal- excellent way to end the album. very good. -10/10<br />this is an excellent c.d.  it really annoys parental units, which can be an added bonus.  the asian import is the best, and i highly recomend you buy that.  holla!
B00005JLXE|1.0|I don't even know where to start with this one... This is one of the worst movies I could have ever imagined being created, and this is one major blow for the entire fad of making comic books into movies. <br />First, I'll start with the &quot;plot&quot;. It is terrible and unbelievably thin. The love story makes the one in &quot;Gigli&quot; look stunnungly realistic. Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner meet, she makes fun of blind people, she leaves. They have a cheesy kung-fu fight in a park, and then they're in love. Happens all the time, right? The rest of the story is not even worth mentioning. <br />The acting. Affleck is the worst super hero of all time. Every line he utters is completely laughable, but I guess some of that has to be placed on the heads of the writers. Even Jennifer Garner, who is beautiful and actually a decent actress most of the time, is wretched. Colin Farrel really only gets to utter one line throughout the film , and his character of Bullseye is one of the cheeziest villains of all time. He makes Mr. Freeze look pretty cool. Michael Clarke Duncan comes in and out of the movie at such strange intervals, that his unimpressive performance is nothing worth noting. <br />The fighting and stunts here are nothing special. In fact there are at least a dozen movies out right now with better fight sequences, none of them involving a blind man who can actually see, you know, as long as it's raining. <br />All this said, isn't it great that they are probably going to make a sequel to this filth?
B0001AP12G|5.0|This album is dope! Some of the beats Kanye puts out are just plain sick and his lyrics really hit hard. He's not rappin about fake commercial stuff, hes rappin about his life, and that, plus the amazing beats, is what makes this album so hot. Go get it!
B00005JKC3|1.0|&quot;Hulk&quot; is easily the most boring action movie ever made. The idea of this film is to delve into the deep recesses of Bruce Banner's mind, to find out why he is so angry, and he goes so green all the time. I can see how director Ang Lee was trying to bring more humanity into the comic book story, but I don't think this is why people came to see the movie. They wanted to see destruction and large green men throwing temper tantrums because daddy was mean to mommy. <br />As far as the CG for the Hulk, I felt that he always managed to look like something made of Play-Dough instead of a menacing creature. And it takes over an hour before we actually get to see the Hulk, and his screen time is limited to under 20 minutes in a action movie about him that is two hours long. Before this film was made, they should have checked and made sure that they could make a Hulk that looked realistic than the one they came up with. Old Lou Feringo would have looked more menacing than this cute beast they came up with. And since when can Hulk fly?<br />The acting here is not bad, for the most part, as all the secondary characters play their poorly written parts as decently as could be expected. The worst acting in the film is by Bruce Banner himself, as he comes across as creepy when we should be feeling bad for him, and funny when we should be scared of him. Eric Bana has done well in films before, but he cannot carry one all by himself. <br />And one last thing: the end battle here is probably the worst one I have seen since &quot;Mortal Kombat: Annihilation&quot; came out and used some archaic claymation techniques. Nobody can really tell what is going on, but it matter not, because by this point you will be so bored that your brain will be dripping out of your ears, and you will only want the film to end. &quot;Hulk&quot; definitely earns a well-deserved spot on my ten-worst movies of all time list.
B00003CXAA|4.0|I am fan of the God fatehr movies and enthusciatically<br />pre-ordered the set. I am not rich and the price is a<br />big investment for me. I was disappinted with the packaging<br />of the DVD. It is packaged in cheap cover (when even $10 DVDs<br />come in nice cover). It loooks bad and does not fit well<br />on my DVD rack. After some use the cover looks very old<br />and scratchy.<br />The movie quality itself is not much difrferent from VHS<br />quality. I am so disappointed that they made such a lovley<br />movie packaged so cheap.<br />I still did not return it because i love this movies so much.<br />cheeers
B0000AFQS0|5.0|This music DVD of the Who outdoes any music DVD I have seen, simply the quality is 10/10 and content and added features are amazing.<br />A must get for any Rock fans who enjoy DVD technology at it's best.<br />The producers of this DVD have used every trick in the book.<br />Well done
B000002J1U|5.0|i love this album. every single song is great, even hats off to harper, which many think is one of the worst led songs. i like it - it's a weird song with a slide guitar and robert plant's distorted voice. odd but good. gallows pole is my favourite led zeppelin song - starts off slowish, but builds into an ending with mandolins, banjos, and all sorts of instruments. amazing. since i've been loving you is the second best song on the album. it's an original blues song with inspired performances by everyone. tangerine is an amazing acoustic song and so is that's the way. every song is great. buy it.
B000002ADT|5.0|This album is in my top 5 albums of all time.  I don't even want to say this is the best Jazz album because that is already known.  I say this does not even need to be categorized since it is that good.  If you enjoy beautiful music you must at least listen to this album once.  I have desperately tried to search for an album that matches the strength of this album and it is very difficult to do.  I have also listened to Birth of Cool and In a Silent Way.  While both of those albums are great they do not and cannot compare to this masterpiece.<BR>Ok I'll shutup now.
B00005JM02|5.0|What a great movie for those 2-102!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|What planet were they on when they nominated this movie for Best Picture and Bill Murray for Best Actor?  There is no way this movie is deserving of any awards.
B00005JLR2|2.0|Once again Disney disappionts me by making yet another action film to target young boys. And in the proccess making a movie with no heart I could care less about the relationship between that 17 year old and Captian Long John Silver or whatever they called him. Why can't Disney come up with more orginal stuff like Lilo and Stich that movie was halrious! The future for tradional animation is looking darker and darker. Hopefully Home On The Range will brighten things up but not likely.
B00018D44U|4.0|Feels Like Home has more of a country feel to it. But this shouldn't scare you off. It's different from Come Away With Me to be sure. Give this album a listen though. It's not as good, but it's close. Sunrise is definitely the best song on the album. Although, it lacks solid lyrics. The chorus contains those memorable words ``oooo, oooo, oooo''. Despite that flaw, it's one of my favorite Norah tunes. Other highlights include What Am I To You? And the Townes Van Zandt cover Be Here To Love Me. Everybody sing ``Just hold me and tell me you'll be here to love me today''. Be sure to check out The Prettiest Thing too. Norah puts words to the Duke Ellington tune Melancholia in Don't Miss You At All. Which speaks to her talent as a songwriter. All in all, this is a great sophmore effort.
0684874350|5.0|Simply, an irresistable book you can not stand to put down for one moment.  A journey of hardship, courage, and strength, told through the eyes of a child. The naieve notions of Frank McCourt will have you in stitches.  A MUST READ!
B000001EAQ|4.0|7-plus years since it's release, &quot;Pop&quot; can now be seen and appreciated as it what is, an experimental album with some intoxicating rhythms and words. True, this is not U2's best album, and it is fair to say there are moments when the band pushed the envelope to the point where they either had to return to their classic roots (which they did) or risk losing a powerful reputation and fan base. But &quot;Pop&quot; is not some kind of horrible failure, when it comes to club flourishes and the like, it's a good album with a lot of good songs and great playing. Bono proves here he can do dance vocals just as well as rock n' roll ones, just listen to his voice in &quot;Mofo,&quot; he sounds like a dance club veteran. The Edge here displays his genius because unlike most of U2's work, he isn't creating basic guitar rock, he's playing rock but somehow masterfully mixes it with dance rhythms and club beats, while still PLAYING! The opener, &quot;Discotheque&quot; is pure fun while &quot;Do You Feel Love&quot; pulsates with electronica but still retains a sense of real emotion. &quot;Mofo&quot; is U2 REALLY pushing it, fans of their classic 80's anthems would never recognize the band by simply listening to this track without knowing who's playing (or at least until Bono's voice appears). But it's an intoxicating, driving number with cryptive lyrics. &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot; is a more comfortable return to the U2 mold, beautiful lyrics painted by wonderful melodies and atmosphere. &quot;Staring At The Sun&quot; is another noteworthy moment, it sounds like a hybrid of a 60's song with electronica touches. &quot;Last Night On Earth&quot; is a melodic rocker with a driving chorus. &quot;Gone&quot; is one of the album's best cuts, it does what the band was trying to achieve, it successfully mixes a sense of rock, emotion and dance club identity into one song. However, the new mix of the track found in &quot;The Best Of 1990-2000&quot; is vastly superior. The downers are &quot;Miami,&quot; a lazy track that never seems to go anywhere and &quot;If You Wear That Velvet Dress,&quot; which is actually a nice song but seems to be lacking in better production (the live version from the Popmart tour is actually better). &quot;Pop&quot; features the biggest band in the world trying out new colors, flavors and costumes with gusto and style. It's not a failure, but you can tell this band is meant for greater material and more soaring music. And eventually they did come back to what makes them special. But for U2 fans wanting a taste of just how far the group is willing to go to try and give us something new, &quot;Pop&quot; is the place to go.
B00011RPB0|1.0|this movie started out funny enough-- maybe the frst ten minutes - but once the non existent plot kicks in its all downhill fast-- getting more embarassingly bad every second--- all the japanese are made to look ridiculous -- none of the roles are fleshed out at all except the leads--plot details-- his forgetting his sons birthday-- all ridiculous ploys that are paper thin excuses for script writing---the cardboard shallowness of her husband the busy photographer- who leaves the cynical and depressed wife--  (all of a sudden this actress is a  star ! ) she seems to act with her pouty lips and ample bosom as much as anything else she might be in possession of--but who would know with this drek of a script--- even bill murray spouting immature dialogue embarasses himself-- by the end of this over rated nonsense-- with a final scene that was the most embarassing conceit imaginable him jumping out of a cab chasing her thru a crowd to kiss her -- yer so glad its over -- but still dumbstruck how this immature plotless waste of celluloid time and money won any praise at all--isnt it all really a freudian thing about this spoiled brat rich girl daughter of a great director seeking his approval and attention w bill murray  as papas stand in ??? the cinematography is good- its kinda nicely filmed --nice to look at--but thats it--- dont believe the hype- everything else about it stinks !
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West is the new talent of the Roc.  With the absense of Jay-z, Kanye is just what was needed.  This is with out a doubt the best album I have ever heard.  This contains no filler and is packed with all different styles produced by the man himself.  With out a doubt Kanye West has earned the respect as my favorite rapper/producer.  I wanted the real cd, no bootlegs for this artist he deserves every bit of it.  You get more than your moneys worth here.
0553260111|4.0|If you want an action story with all the surprise bells and whistles then here you go. The Bourne Identity is a good story as a book.  The Bourne Identity is a good story as a movie;  don't confuse the two, they are very different.  That said, check 'em out but don't bash one because it's unlike the other;  movies and books will never run on the same tracks.
B000025SJ8|5.0|Let me say that I'm a big fan of Mayhem (Dead especially) and I'm pissed that Grishnackh killed Euronymous but I'm reviewing the album and not the person behind it.  Burzum/Aske is one of the most disturbing, powerful and scary albums I've ever heard in my life and I've listened to the likes of early-Bathory, Mayhem, Darkthrone, Emperor, Dark Funeral and Satyricon.  Technically speaking the instruments are not played that good but they still manage to sound evil and primitive.  Count Grishnackh's voice is just plain sick (in a good way).  I'd put his voice in the top 5 best Black Metal voices with Dead being the best along with Quorthon, Nocturno Culto and Ihsahn.  <br />To best describe Count Grishnackh's voice is like this loud pain-filled shriek and sounds like a madman was let loose from the asylum.  It's a shame the Count did what he did because I don't believe it's a coincidence that Black Metal slowly decayed after Euronymous' death. Emperor and Darkthrone made some great albums after his death but BM music in general was never the same and the genre has suffered since.  If Euronymous had still been alive and the Count not so jealous they would have carried BM to serious heights.  Oh yeah, the ecclesiastical arson (church burning) wasn't cool either. The music's good though.
0425173895|2.0|Being a fan of past mystery book I have read, especially &quot;And Then There Were None&quot; by Agatha Christie I had no trouble picking up &quot;The Murder of Roger Ackroyd&quot; The plot became a monotonous listing of facts and clues through dialog. It would've been almost impossible to predict the mystery through nearly the entire story with the given information. The end finally picked up and kept me interested, but the rest of the story just wasn't entertaining.
0064407667|1.0|I teach and work with children, and I fail to see any productive purpose in scaring children with the idea of both their parents dying in a fire and then having those children ending up with a distant relative who emotionally and physically abuses them, with strong hints of adults wanting to inflict sexual abuse on the children, and the kids being threatened with murder to top it off.<BR>The sickness of the content by far overpowers the author's evident talent at writing.  The book left me with a stomachache for all the children that will have to endure being introduced to this book and being drawn in by the author's craft, and in response have to live with new inner turmoil.
B0001AP12G|5.0|damn this boy right here is one of the best producers in the game along with my boi Pharrell and Chad and dont forget abot my Boi timbaland..this is a great cd ALL songs and i mean ALL are very well written lyricly and the beats are amazing slow jamz has to be my favourite this cd is craazzzzyy MAKE SURE U COP IT BOOOOIIIIIII!!!!
B00006BTCA|1.0|.... truly terrible beyond belief.... this would be played as punishment in prisons if it weren't cruel and all-too-usual... and good arguement for for a no star rating option
B00005JMCT|3.0|There's always a good way to end a great trilogy, and that's by a wedding. Most people say that American Pie the Wedding isn't great as the previous two, and nothing can beat the first one. But the finale to this movie is really sweet and romantic, and will definitely get the girls all a bit teary - well, me anyway!<br />You've got all the great characters from the first two - Jim, Michelle (they're kinda needed for this movie), Stifler, Finch, Kevin, and Jim's Dad, who's part seems to get extended with each movie, as he's so fantastic. But you're also missing quite a few of the cast members - Chris Klein, Mena Suvari, Shannon Elizabeth and Tara Reid. And Stifler's Mom only appears for the last couple of scenes, which see her reunited with Finch, in a bath full of bubbles. Who knows why those four didn't want to take part in this (hopefully) final part of American Pie? They were all much needed and very funny characters, and it would have been nice to see how the characters had developed over the three years that Jim and Michelle had apparently been dating.<br />Jason Biggs and Alyson Hannigan are back to their best in this movie, whether it's trying to write their vows, or having special haircuts. Alyson's hair is now longer, and looks a lot better than when it was in that awful bob, when she was definitely still a band geek.<br />You're introduced to quite a few new characters in this movie - Michelle's sister, who Finch and Stifler both fancy, and both try to outdo each other to win her affections, which provides some comic moments, when they seem to switch characters! There is also Jim's Gran, who gets offended at the fact Michelle isn't Jewish (never been an issue in the previous movies, so there's obviously been something cut out somewhere).  You also get some cringe-worthy (for girls) or sexy (for the guys) scenes featuring two strippers - one a dominatrix cop (whatever), and the other a prissy maid? There's a lot of breast action in this sequence, and of course, any nice eye candy for the girls is left out. There's also Stifler in a gay bar, which is hilarious for the dancing alone, and him not even realising he's in a gay bar!<br />The uncut and unrated DVD is probably better to get. If you've seen it previously in the cinema, then you'll see lots of missing scenes, in-jokes etc. If this is your first viewing, then it won't really matter to you, that it's 8 minutes longer than in the cinemas and contains 17 minutes of `spiced up' footage - and all those 17 minutes seem to be included in the bachelor party sequence with the strippers. Whoopee.<br />The outtakes and deleted scenes in the extras aren't really up to much. One of the strippers \\"Nikki\\" shows you behind the scenes of the bachelor party, and a cameraman gets to follow her around while she prepares for the big premier. You've also got Seann William Scott introducing a few of the deleted scenes and also a feature on \\"Stifler Speak\\", in which you get to see his original audition for the role of Stifler.<br />A great finale to a trilogy, but only see if you've seen the previous two - and you'll probably end up being disappointed.ourse, any nice eye candy for the girls is left out. There's also Stifler in a gay bar, which is hilarious for the dancing alone, and him not even realising he's in a gay bar!<br />The uncut and unrated DVD is probably better to get. If you've seen it previously in the cinema, then you'll see lots of missing scenes, in-jokes etc. If this is your first viewing, then it won't really matter to you, that it's 8 minutes longer than in the cinemas and contains 17 minutes of `spiced up' footage - and all those 17 minutes seem to be included in the bachelor party sequence with the strippers. Whoopee.<br />The outtakes and deleted scenes in the extras aren't really up to much. One of the strippers \\"Nikki\\" shows you behind the scenes of the bachelor party, and a cameraman gets to follow her around while she prepares for the big premier. You've also got Seann William Scott introducing a few of the deleted scenes and also a feature on \\"Stifler Speak\\", in which you get to see his original audition for the role of Stifler. <br />A great finale to a trilogy, but only see if you've seen the previous two - and you'll probably end up being disappointed.
B00018D44U|4.0|New albums or books by an artist or writer who've had a rave review for their previous effort always make me wonder two things<BR>1. will it be as good as the old one?<BR>2. are all the raves i see for the second time just an obligatory rave influenced in part by the hype from the old album<br />I wouldn't call this album anything to rave about really. Its her usual method and style, just like in the past album. Peaceful, calming and soothing. In a way, in our hectic world, filled with screaming music, it does make her album stick out, in a good way. Its a good album to come back to and unwind, just before bed, or if you've had a particularly frustrating day. However if you thought her first effort was undeserving of all the Grammy's she won, don't bother with this one.
B000002UAX|5.0|I am 33 and my first introduction to music was The Beatles. In my early years I grew up listening to my dads Beatles Box collection relentlessly until I messed up all the cassettes from over listening.  Sadly for him that box set is worth good money now!  Somebody happened to mention to me a short time ago that they thought this was the best album The Beatles had ever made and so I decided to pick up a copy and reminisce. Without trying to sound over-the-top I think this was the best thing to have graced my speakers in years.<br /><br />The Beatles display true quality in both song-writing and playing and listening to them again on this album makes me realise the immense talent of each individual in the band. The White Album is a prime example of quality songwriting and I genuinely love every track on here. Also with the large amount of tracks spread over two disks this is pure value for money.  You might not ever get the chance to buy a fuller album than this.<br /><br />I think that The Beatles came to earth to show us all what real music is about and I'm so glad they did!
B0001I561E|5.0|First of all Aladdin is the greatest movie...I absolutely LOVE it!!! Secondally, why did Lion King have an earlier release date when it came out much later than Aladdin??? Lion King is way below my standards of Disney movies...well...at least the greatest Disney movie of all time...ALADDIN...is FINALLY coming out...
0060926317|1.0|Let me start of by saying, as many others have, that if this book was published as fiction, it would be a reasonably pleasant read, documenting a fairytale view of Australia.<br />However, the fact that it claims to be a true is terrible. Whilst I have nothing against spiritualism, new age philosophies, or any kind of world view, I do resent blatant lies. There were numerous factual errors and gross misrepresentations that I noticed as I read it. You may wonder what kind of authority I have to discount this book as fact, and I admit I have very little. However, while I was searching the internet for other people who had been outraged by these lies, i came across a review of the book in the website 'west dot com dot au'.<BR>The positive reviewers of this book, in particular Erica Albanese, would do well to take a look at that page. <BR>If you have heard good things about the story, by all means read it. But don't believe it. I think it is disgusting that an under-researched author can make money from publishing a pack of lies.<br />Please consider this (and the other) reviews carefully before purchasing this book. You are funding dishonest and immoral behaviour.
B000007T1M|4.0|...but definently not the &quot;craziest&quot; CD I've ever heard, like so many people claim here.  Obviously you are all just getting your feet wet in &quot;crazy&quot; music.<br />Your next step will be to pick up a Fantomas or Mr. Bungle CD.  Very different, very weird, but so much better.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This CD is a breath of fresh air in an industry inundated with alot of crap. Pick it up. The nicest joint are All Falls Down, Jesus Walks, Spaceship, and my personal favorite Last Call.
B0000041XX|4.0|Normally the best way to see an artist's talent being showcased is by seeing them perform live. If you don't have the opportunity to see these wonderful, talented opera singers (Domingo, Pavarotti, Carreras) in concert than this live concert CD comes as the next best thing. Although the Three Tenors have numerous other album, this album is special because it is live and when you listen to it you really do feel their magic prescence. I'm not an opera enthusiast by any means, but I feel that this CD has a universal appeal which can touch just about anybody who enjoys listening to good music.
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Born to Run&quot; is Bruce Springsteen's proclamation of his musical vision of all that he wants Rock and Roll to be; exciting, moving, and visionary.  It plays on an epic, yet intimate scale. From the subdued opening notes of &quot;Thunder Road&quot; to the epic  closer &quot;Jungleland&quot;, Springsteen crafts a liberating sense of exhiliration, sadness, and nostalgia, especially with the much and deservably celebrated title track, in itself one of Rock's greatest recordings. Springsteen has gone on to become one of the most important musical figures in popular music history, while &quot;Born to Run&quot;  remains his most perfectly realised work.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Yeah, this album is definitely nice. Common absolutely murders \\"Get 'Em High\\" with lines like \\"I'm bred king like Simba/ Boulder than Denver.\\" Com's new CD is going to be like this verse, through and through. Kanye is providing tracks for that, too.  Hopefully \\"Jesus Walks\\" will even have mainstreamers unknowingly spreading the Gospel. Glad to see \\"Through The Wire\\" made the cut, even though we've been spinning that track for a year now. <br />The long outro is kind of unnecessary, but the Bernie Mac skit can stay. I'm sure a lot of kids at my school will take the dropping out of college literally.<br />Too bad Keep The Receipt, Wack Niggas and Heartbeat didn't make the final cut, but this means that there are basically 2 different equally hot versions of the album. That's something few artists can claim, but Kanye had to do it because there have been bootlegs guessing the final cut out for months. He probably pulled some other beats off the shelf, called up his friends to lay down some quick hot rhymes, and it worked.<br />He and Dr. Dre are in the same league, but Kanye has a lot more lyrical talent.  He started out as a rapper, but realized he could make more money off beats which is why he is primarily considered a producer.  This album is a bargain, but you know most people will buy this for the beats.  \\"Oh, he did 'Slow Jamz'!  I'm gettin' that!!!\\"  Do not sleep on Kanye's lyrics.
B00000063U|5.0|This work has to be a classic. It is the updating of English Folk Music but still holding strong to its traditions namely in the use of traditional instruments, modes and songs. <br />On first hearing, the album can be inpenetrable as there is so much going on and one wonders why one has shelled out for it in the first place. After a few listenings, however, a new world of music opens up like a flower. The most powerful song has to be &quot;Calvary Cross&quot; which is sung with a sublime spirtual passion that is not often repeated on modern records.<br />The album is quirky and left-field and defies modern convention.<br />Give your ears a revolution and check out this album
B00013RC8O|5.0|'Vanishing Point' still resonates within my soul, some 34 years after it was filmed. This latest release in DVD offers great extras (Sarafian's commentary and the extra scenes edited out of the original release make it worthwhile). Vanishing Point has not a single allure, it has many. It is Kowalski, the Challenger, the music, the trip and yes it is (was) the times, all of which make it very personal for me, having lived them. So much so that in the summer of 2003 I retraced Kowalski's path from Colorado through Utah and Nevada in my 1970 Challenger RT. It's a long, long ride but the scenery is still magnificent and the Challenger still dominates the highway (and surprises the occassional state trooper like the one who eyed me just outside of Eureka, Nevada - arriving a minute earlier he would have heard me go by at 140 mph. And they say you can't go home again...of course you can :) If you didn't live it or can't drive it, then by all means see it - you're not likely to be dissapointed.
1573225517|3.0|This book got off to a very promising start for me, a writer with a good pen. I was starting to enjoy it until the more reflective elements of the book started to dominate. Hornby really labours the point and sometimes I felt myself shouting at the book. I was really getting fed up with his discourses on the protagonist's disastrous relationships. The book started to be self-absorbed in the exploration of the self-v-one's personal demons. Of course there are many who would say that is the entire point of the book: self-absorption leads to nowhere.
B00000IQV7|5.0|The movie proves that laughter is still the best medicine to cure one's loneliness and despair and Dr. Hunter Patch Adams is one of the few people who are agents of spreading cheers and hope to people. Patch Adams is no ordinary guy that you could meet everyday, he is one of the rarest person you can encounter. A person who never run out of cheers and good tidings to patients. Bringing hope to them and the unique cure of laughter to ease one's pain for the meantime. A person who's human spirit never give up to achieve his dream of becoming a doctor, and yes, a doctor of his own right.<br />This film will inspire, bring you joy and even, it could make you cry. A perfect blend of drama and sense of humor which you can find in this one fantastic movie. The script was well-written and very balance in terms of wit and sensibility.<br />I commended Robin Williams who played the inspiring life of Dr. Patch Adams. His role as Dr. Adams is absolutely fantastic and his performance is incredibly superb! he truly justified the character he played as Dr. Adams...flambuoyant, compassionate and free-spirited person. You will see a different Williams in this unique character.
0446677450|5.0|Household debt has doubled since 1990 and nearly 1-7 American families are filing for bankruptcy. Considering how many people are going broke, financial literacy should be taught in our schools and books like \\"Rich Dad, Poor Dad\\" should become mandatory reading. Robert Kiyosaki, the author of the book, gives great advice, tools and wisdom on how to survive and thrive in most any economy. Kiyosaki teaches by contrasting his two fathers, a rich one and a poor one and their relationship with money. Both had successful careers, worked hard all their lives and earned substantial incomes. Yet one struggled financially and the other became rich. Kiyosaki breaks all the myths about money. He says, \\"The most dangerous advice you can give your child today is, \\"Go to school, get a good grades and look for a safe job.\\" The lives of his two fathers illustrate his point. His poor Dad had a Ph.D. and died owing bills. His rich Dad never finished the 8th grade and died leaving millions. His poor Dad said, \\"I can't afford it\\" and put his brain to sleep, whereas his rich Dad said, \\"How can I afford it? And exercised his brain. His poor Dad said study hard and find a good company to work for. His rich Dad said study hard so you can find a good company to buy. Kiyosaki points out that schools are designed to produce good employees instead of employers. His poor Dad knew how to work for money whereas his rich Dad learned to have money work for him. He also knew how to invent money and it is not how much money you make but how much money you keep that is important. He was very clear that you pay yourself first, that you buy assets and not liabilities and that there is power in using a corporation as a tax shelter. He changed the focus from borrowing money to creating money to get the things he wanted. His poor Dad lived in fear while his rich Dad harnessed the power of letting go of fear by confronting his own neediness, weaknesses and greed. He knew the way out was through his mind by choosing what he thought rather than reacting to his emotions. Kiyosaki recommends we work more for what we can learn than what we can earn and above all that we understand the power of money and how it works.hoosing what he thought rather than reacting to his emotions. Kiyosaki recommends we work more for what we can learn than what we can earn and above all that we understand the power of money and how it works.
B0001AP12G|3.0|N*E*R*D consisting of Pharrell,Chad, and Shay will be dropping their 2nd album &quot;Fly or Die&quot; on March 23rd 2004. Go to [...] to listen to their future hit &quot;She Wants to Move&quot;.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|It's about time Britney grew up!  On her fourth album Britney finally makes a definable leap to adult singer.  That's not to say she's left behind her pop roots, but the tracks are more melodic, the sappy ballads are gone and the content is sexy and sensual without being immature.  Britney's voice, while never powerful, finally sounds good with the material she's singing.  It's easy to loose her in all the background vocals and noise sometimes but it sounds less like a cover-up this time and more like music.  <BR>Seriously, with the exception of a few take-them-or-leave-them tracks this album is a joy to listen to all the way through!  One of my favorite tracks is \\"Breathe On Me\\"  which is very exemplary of grown-up Britney's style.  It's a dance track very reminiscent of Kylie Minogue with breathy vocals and a pulsing beat.  It is highly danceable and I hope it gets released as a single.  \\"Toxic\\" is another of my favorite tracks.  It's fun, infectious and similar to her past hits, but it isn't as immature as \\"Oops...\\" or \\"Boys.\\"  \\"Outrageous\\" is another good track with a middle-eastern flair.  I don't like that it was written by possible child-molester R. Kelly but he hasn't been convicted yet so I guess I can't complain.  \\"Everytime,\\"  the only stand-out ballad, is sweet and beautifully sung.  Normally Britney's ballads are over-wrought and too saccharine.  This time she keeps the schmaltz to a minimal and allows her voice to convey emotion.  \\"(I Got That) Boom Boom\\" and \\"Showdown\\" are both good but not spectacular in any regard.  Despite being a Moby collaboration \\"Early Mornin'\\" doesn't really have Moby's touch to it.  It's kind of forgettable amongst the other tunes.  <BR>What makes this album work, for me, is that Britney is actually believable.  She is an adult now verse her previous albums where she tried to be adult and comes off as highly insincere.  She takes some calculate risks with this album and it really pays off.  It's not a huge departure from pop,but it isn't pure bubblegum either.  It sounds fresh, a quality her last album lacked.  If she keeps on this path I think she'll be poised to have the Madonna-like career she's obviously gunning for.
B000059PR5|4.0|Probably the most heartbreaking scene in \\"The Day After\\" is the one where four missiles bearing nuclear warheads zoom into a crystalline blue sky on a glorious spring morning from a hidden bunker in Kansas, while doctors and nurses at a nearby hospital watch in shock as the impact of what those missiles mean gradually hits them.<br />Watching this film, we pray that scene never comes true; if it does, we can kiss the world goodbye.  \\"The Day After\\" is probably the most gut-wrenching anti-war film ever made.  It's set sometime in the last quarter of the 20th century; the decades-long cold war has turned burning hot, and the news broadcasts are turning hourly worse.  We are in Lawrence, Kansas, the center of the United States, following the routines of ordinary people as they try to go about their lives while the world around them is going to hell -- a doctor and his wife, a farmer and his family, including his young daughter two days away from her wedding, a graduate student, a cynical college professor, and a young soldier about to be separated from his wife and baby.  The hostilities between Russia and the United States, meanwhile, have gone beyond the point of no return; and the decision is made: nuke 'em.  We watch the missiles being launched; we feel all the horror of the impending counterstrike, and then three stark words from an officer at the missile base: \\"We have incoming.\\"  Incoming doesn't begin to describe it.  Two nuclear warheads hit nearby Kansas City, and the world explodes.  The resulting scenes of destruction are unbelievable; and yet, they are all too believable.  If the wrong finger hits the nuclear button, this could someday happen.<br />The immediate scenes leading up to the nuclear strike are as compelling as the hit itself: shoppers at the supermarket grabbing up everything edible off the shelves; people bolting out of a college stadium in a panic dash for cover; a young bride-to-be coming downstairs to the family's fallout shelter carrying her wedding dress and her childhood teddy bear, the look of stark terror in her eyes competing with the realization that she will never wear that dress in any wedding; and her mother, grimly going about her business of making beds and tidying up the house, being carried kicking and screaming to shelter, refusing to accept the realization that her life as she knows it is finished.  And after the devastation of the nuclear strike, as ashes continue to rain down from the sky for days, we realize that those who died in the attack may have been the fortunate ones; the survivors are left to face a horrible slow death by radiation sickness, starvation and anarchy.<br />Nicholas Meyer didn't direct this film for shock value, although the shocks keep coming and don't let up; in smaller but telling ways he makes us feel all the devastation of total war.  At the film's end, one of the survivors asks, \\"Is anybody out there? Anyone at all?\\"  His guess is as good as ours.  There are no redeeming moments in this movie.  From the minute the first button was pushed, everything is gone.<br />It's been said that \\"The Day After\\" is a dated film, but this is true only in the sense that the cold war, as we knew it from 1945 through the 1980s is over; as long as there are nuclear weapons around and anyone fanatic enough to even contemplate using them, it's a film with telling immediacy.  When the film was first shown, some viewers asked, why didn't they say who started the war?  Meyer shows us that the question is moot; no matter who started it, there will be precious few survivors left to point fingers.  We emerge from watching \\"The Day After\\" emotionally devastated, drained, realizing that in a nuclear war, everyone, even the victors, will be the losers.er wedding dress and her childhood teddy bear, the look of stark terror in her eyes competing with the realization that she will never wear that dress in any wedding; and her mother, grimly going about her business of making beds and tidying up the house, being carried kicking and screaming to shelter, refusing to accept the realization that her life as she knows it is finished.  And after the devastation of the nuclear strike, as ashes continue to rain down from the sky for days, we realize that those who died in the attack may have been the fortunate ones; the survivors are left to face a horrible slow death by radiation sickness, starvation and anarchy.<br />Nicholas Meyer didn't direct this film for shock value, although the shocks keep coming and don't let up; in smaller but telling ways he makes us feel all the devastation of total war.  At the film's end, one of the survivors asks, \\"Is anybody out there? Anyone at all?\\"  His guess is as good as ours.  There are no redeeming moments in this movie.  From the minute the first button was pushed, everything is gone.<br />It's been said that \\"The Day After\\" is a dated film, but this is true only in the sense that the cold war, as we knew it from 1945 through the 1980s is over; as long as there are nuclear weapons around and anyone fanatic enough to even contemplate using them, it's a film with telling immediacy.  When the film was first shown, some viewers asked, why didn't they say who started the war?  Meyer shows us that the question is moot; no matter who started it, there will be precious few survivors left to point fingers.  We emerge from watching \\"The Day After\\" emotionally devastated, drained, realizing that in a nuclear war, everyone, even the victors, will be the losers.
B00000K19E|4.0|...and (let the bashing begin) in my opinion, a little overrated.  I don't know.  I mean, it was a real good movie with a good concept that makes you think, but I thought it was too detailed for someone to take in all in one shot and I found it to be overwhelmingly confusing at times.  It also moved too fast and explained things a little too fast.  If you haven't seen it yet, buy it, but it's one of those movies where you have to pay attention.
B00006JKOL|5.0|a classic rock album in the highest sense of the word. Great songwriting, powerful arrangements and expert playing elevate Tull beyond so many others.<br />This one finds Anderson and pals once again exploring sounds from all over the world, coalescing the influences with true talent in playing and then elevating the performance to levels way beyond what we normally consider to be \\"rock.\\"<br />Jethro Tull are the elegant masters, bringing an appreciation of classical, Celtic and Middle Eastern (just to mention a few) to an audience ready for the challenge and consistently appreciative. To see these songs performed live is the glorious culmination.<br />I like how they are packaging these re-releases (especially when they offer live stuff or a DVD).
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I found the long-awaited sequel to THE MATRIX to be much easier to get into than the original because it had more action right away and we didn't have to learn about the &quot;matrix&quot; and the &quot;real world&quot; all over again.  I thought it was very good.  If you haven't seen it, buy it if you're a fan of the original.
B0000020C4|5.0|Outstanding music, outstanding cast, the best of the lot. Colm Wilkinson and Michael Ball are as wonderful as ever, and Lea Salonga proves that one can do Eponine with so much emotional intensity without having to shriek and whine her way through the songs.<br />Get this if you buy only one; add the Complete Symphonic Recording if you can afford to buy two.
0060922583|5.0|This is a great book on physics crossing into the metaphysical and spiritual realms. The holographic universe is really another way of explaining Quantum mechanics and Superstring theories. The more we dig down for the ultimate TOE the closer we seem to get to the inner mysteries of the human soul. I am starting to believe that the ultimate answer to all science is not out there, but within us.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West really came with it and I'm so glad. His production has led to hit after hit for so many major artists. I'm happy he's finally going to get crazy recognition on his own. Lyrically, he is one of the most gifted MCs I've heard in a long time, his production is amazing. The album reminds me of Lauryn Hill's &quot;Miseducation&quot; because it's so creative, raw and powerful. I'm going to be bumping this one for a while!
B00005JMCN|3.0|...I thought Jeff Bridges' performance had more than a whiff of ham about it.  I would give this film 3 1/2 stars if Amazon had that kind of system; I did enjoy it and I thought it was basically well-written &amp; performed.  The racing scenes were absolutely superb.  I enjoyed the performances of Toby McGuire &amp; Gary Stevens, and Chris Cooper was also flawless.  I thought the film began somewhat awkwardly but it righted itself within the next ten minutes.
B0000CABBW|5.0|This is the fourth movie I've seen in the past two years about women standing up to ethnic cultural barriers to their growth and realization of who they are and who they can be.  (And let's be fair: it's not just ethnic cultures that have put women down. Our own American melting pot culture still does to a large degree.)  The others:<br />* Bend it Like Beckham<br />* My Big Fat Greek Wedding<br />* Real Women Have Curves<br />All four are excellent.  Whale Rider is the most serious of the bunch.  It also presents a culture (New Zealand Maori) that is probably the most foreign to Americans.  And that was intriguing to me for its own sake.<br />Whale Rider is about a group of Maori's waiting for a leader to be born.  That leader must be a man.  When young Pai, a girl is born, her grandfather largely rejects her because she is not the boy he wanted to come out of their kingly bloodline.  Pai secretly learns the ways of the Maori, including the ways of Maori warriors.  She learns and loves these things far more than the boys her grandfather identifies as potential leaders, including her own father and uncle.  She becomes the leader, and her grandfather finally realizes he has been wrong.<br />One of the things I love about all of these movies is that the women reject the denigrating aspects of their cultures while still being present and choosing to love their families.  They embrace the noble and beautiful aspects of their cultures, while overcoming that which would keep them down.  In doing this, they show that culture can adapt and grow and still be beautiful and relevant.<br />This is a beautiful movie.  It says much without a lot of words.  The actors, including and especially the actress who plays Pai, are excellent.
B000001FDQ|1.0|this kind music is dying now<br />i own this cd and its good for the 80's but shred and showing skill doesnt make people like your music, thats why yngwie never become a good musician
B00018D44U|3.0|I loved the first album, but this one is just retread and there isn't anything that stands out in a positive way. Norah's voice is beautiful, the music is mellow, but, this is all pot boiler. Don't waste your money.<br />I definitely agree with another poster who said the duet with Dolly Parton is very out of place. I like Dolly, and wouldn't mind something like that on a specialty album, but not here. The song sticks out as the proverbial bastard stepchild with it's country twang.
B0000669JL|5.0|Bob Marley and the Wailers remarkable Jamaican Reggae group was influenced strongly by Rastafari.  The group signed with Island Records in 1972 and quickly found an international following.  Bob Marley died in 1981 from cancer. The album Legend was originally released in 1984 comprising his best known compositions from the Island years.  The deluxe edition was remastered in 2002. <br />This music is remarkable in that it stands on its own lyrically and musically.  The tunes appeal to a broad range of musical tastes and backgrounds.  This cd would be a huge addition to any music collection.  Highly recommended.
5553681065|5.0|A masterpiece in dark science fiction, which, behind a showing simplicity and a smooth flowing, hides a highly polished and well-timed language, even in its slang expressions. A personal prophecy about use of \\"final weapons\\", with an interesting reference to solid state physics (people with some experience in crystal growth may find dynamics of Ice-9 a bit inconsistent, but it is nevertheless interesting, and who remembers  the polywater affair?). A strange religion, exotic environments, politics, Vonnegut's seminal work mixes all up stimulating at a same time entertainment and reflection.
B00018D44U|5.0|As much as I enjoyed her first release, I found myself only really enjoying a number of the songs.  However, this album is quite different.  I feel like all the songs have a hint of country in them, subtle enough for the music to be slow-paced and calm.  There's no doubt, Norah is an old soul.  When I first heard she recorded a song with Dolly Parton, I was kind of worried.  However, it is my favorite track on the album.  Their voices work perfectly together.  In fact, I haven't heard Dolly sound this good---ever.<br />A great sophomore album.  She may, in fact, surpass her previous accomplishments with this.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|Isn't funny-after seeing this movie-that art garfunkel was found with marijuana(pot)possession in his limo at an airport on jan17th. I thought it was. She was right, they were really on Pot. Always listen to your Mom.
B0001AP12G|5.0|skeptical at first? yes i was.. thot Kanye on had one flow? yes i did....hes dynamic, creative, insightful, inteligent, and socially aware... He combines a lil of nas, jay=z, talib, with a creative twist of his own, the cd is worth the money, im really happy i bought... if ur still not sure dl a couple songs then see...every song is good, i never skip tracks. I garuntee u u cant go wrong... if ur not satisfied u can email me and cuss me out...Joint is HOTT, thas real.
B00011RPB0|5.0|Lost and Translation is about 2 lonely Americans who meet in Japan and strike a friendship. One is a actor who is there doing wine commercials and the other is a lonely wife of a phographer who has no time for her. They meet one night at the bar in the motel they're staying at and after that start spending more time together. They get so close as friends that it's gonna be hard for both of them when it's time to say their good-byes.<br />  I guess you can say they fall in love but there's no sex, is basically romance without the romance. That's a nice change too and it just leaves the film to be sweet and innocent. It shows that 2 people can enjoy being with each other without sex as well which a lot of movies don't have. Mean in a lot movies, guy meets girl and they hit if off and have sex. Here guy meets girl, they hit it off but never have sex. Even if the movie isn't really meant to be romantic it still is. It sorta has a Casablanca feel to it where they love each other but can never be together. She's married and so is he. So they just enjoy each others company and make the best of their otherwise boring and lonely trip to Japan. It's a very mellow film but the fact that it can be slow and mellow makes it seem more realistic. It's a really good movie and Bill Murray Scarlett Johansson are wonderful.
0345440757|4.0|I am the mother of a ten month old and just happened to pick this book up in the library.  I began to read it and wished I could've read it before my little guy was born!  It brings much needed insight and thoughtfulness into the approach of raising a new person.<BR>I have read many books on parenting, and we decided to try a gentler approach to the Ezzo's book.  Well, I always felt guilty for giving my baby a pacifier (which Hogg doesn't reccommend the extent that my child likes his), and for not letting him &quot;cry it out&quot;.  <BR>I think this book is a great way to be a loving, understanding parent, while also establishing a FLEXIBLE routine to help your child understand his new world.<BR>I think she has done a great job...and jut like anything read it and implement what you choose to.  She even suggests that if you don't want to do it her way, then do it yours :)
B0001AP12G|5.0|This c.d. is hot!!! I knew little about Kanye West other than the producing side. I was really impressed with this c.d. I think that it is put together well. He seems humble and he has a good sense of humor. Unlike most rappers he seems respectable and is not always talking about money*, jewlery*, cars* and hoes*. He makes sense. I love this c.d. and I think it is a must have for your c.d. collection. &quot;Congradulations Kanye&quot; you made it!!!!!!!!!!!
B0001CCXZW|5.0|Gilmore Girls is the greatest show ever its really quite and obsession.The show takes place in Stars Hallow and is about Lorelia and her daughter Rory and their life together. It is the kind of relationship that every one wants to have with their parents, and it's great to watch
B0000BYM3K|3.0|That is the dumbest thing I ever heard! Worshiping every single note from a band or artist is scarey. Doesn't make you a fan it makes you a fanatic! Every band has peeks and valleys. Maiden is a prime example of this. This album is ok at best and guess what......I am a Maiden fan. Will I be be-headed now? This is a free country and everyone has freewill and tastes. This is why I read reviews. To get people's opinions!
0385504209|1.0|\\"The Da Vinci Code simply appeals to a culture that's increasingly skeptical of claims to religious truth,\\" says Phillip Jenkins, professor of history and religious studies at Penn State University. \\"...a fundamental suspicion of traditional claims to authority, where they conflict with contemporary ideas and standards especially over sex and gender.\\"<br />Brown has written a permission slip, so to speak, for a wannabe libertine society.  His assertions of accurate research and scholarship are suspect and in many cases preposterous.  His claims concerning Leonardo's artwork are laughable.  No serious art historian believes this stuff.  He seems to have gleaned most of his information from sensational publications and from websites of disgruntled Catholics.  Many of his ideas are out-right fabrication.<br />I am not a Catholic apologist.  I'm not even a Catholic and many wouldn't even consider me a Christian.  If after reading this silly book, you find yourself wondering as to the truthfullness of the claims, do a little research on your own.  You will probably find that even more entertaining than Brown's vastly inferior mystery novel
0375432302|1.0|I think the Da Vinci Code is a historical stretch at best (understatement of the century!)...<br />It opens with the grisly murder of the Louvre's curator inside the museum. The crime entangles hero Robert Langdon, a tweedy professor of symbolism from Harvard, and the victim's granddaughter, cryptologist Sophie Nevue. Together with crippled millionaire historian Leigh Teabing, they flee Paris for London one step ahead of the police and a mad albino Opus Dei priest/assassin named Silas who will stop at nothing to prevent them from finding the \\"Grail.\\"<br />But despite the frenetic pacing, at no point is action allowed to interfere with a good lecture. Before the story comes full circle back to the Louvre, readers face a barrage of codes, puzzles, mysteries, and conspiracies.... all riddled with factual error....<br />Short historical backdrop:<br />With the exception of the Nicolaites (1st century), the heretical Christian sect with rather loose morals mentioned in the Book of Revelation (Apocalypse), the first fights of the early Catholic Church were to defend the sanctity of the human body and the humanity of Christ. Thus, the Gnostics (1st to 3rd century), led by Basilides, Valentinus, Bardesanes, Tatian, and Marcion, taught that Christ was an eon, an intermediary of God with matter, and that physical existence was an evil to be escaped from by knowledge. Marcion's followers, for example, refused baptism to anyone who was married. Manicheism (3rd century), founded by Manes, taught that matter or the physical world was the cause of all evil. In one of the most extreme examples of the levels to which heterodox Catholics took this abhorrence of physical existence and sex, Origin, an earlier Christian writer, castrated himself. Note that his conduct was not approved by the orthodox Catholic Church.<br />Against these heresies and excesses, Catholic bishops like St. Irenaeus and St. Augustine argued that matter or the physical world was NOT intrinsically evil and that Christ was in fact truly God AND man... spiritual and PHYSICAL.<br />Given this backdrop, it is nothing short of absurd to suggest that the early Catholic Church attempted to suppress the \\"sacred feminine\\" and the sacredness of sex, while the Gnostics sought to preserve it. The Gnostics, like Marcion, were the ones who refused to baptize people who married and had sex. They were certainly not the champions of Mother Nature and the material world. He claims that goddess worship universally dominated pre-Christian paganism with the hieros gamos (sacred marriage) as its central rite. His enthusiasm for fertility rites in this book is clearly enthusiasm for sexuality, not procreation.<br />The Da Vinci Code's etymology is also wrong at several points. Astonishingly, Brown claims that Jews in Solomon's Temple adored Yahweh and his feminine counterpart, the Shekinah, via the services of sacred prostitutes-possibly a twisted version of the Temple's corruption after Solomon (1 Kings 14:24 and 2 Kings 23:4-15). Moreover, he says that the Tetragrammaton YHWH derives from \\"Jehovah, an androgynous physical union between the masculine Jeh and the pre-Hebraic name for Eve, Ovah.\\"  YHWH did not in fact derive from Jehovah, but rather the other way round. In fact, Jehovah is the combination of the tetragrammaton JHWH (currently YHWH, but \\"J\\" also substituted for \\"Y\\" in the Middle Ages) and the vowels of the Hebrew word Adonai (Lord). \\"Jehovah\\" derived from \\"YHWH.\\" When the Protestants translated the Bible into English, they didn't realize that the vowels inserted into the Hebrew text were the vowels of the Hebrew word for \\"Lord,\\" not the vowels of the Hebrew word for \\"I am who am.\\" (Sorry Jehovah Witnesses, but that's just a historical/archaeological fact). Until the 1500s, the word Jehovah didn't even exist! So.... no.... it is not a combination of an ancient male divinity Jeh and a female divinity Ovah... but nice try ;)<br />Similarly, the Da Vinci Code's derivation of the word\\"pagan\\" is suspect. Yes, it is true that one translation of the Latin word \\"paganus\\" is \\"country dwellers,\\" those who were last to convert to Catholicism. But another translation of the Latin word \\"paganus\\" is \\"civilian,\\" those who did not enlist in God's army to fight against the Devil. Given the large number of Catholics who fled to the country to escape persecution and the number of Catholic desert hermits, the more plausible derivation of the word pagan, it seems to me, is \\"civilian,\\" one who was too weak or cowardly to enlist in God's army. This military aspect of the Catholic Church is borne out by St. Paul's epistles urging his fellow Catholics to don spiritual armour and by the sacrament of Confirmation in which a seal (spiritual mark) was placed on the Catholic marking them a soldier of Christ just like a seal was placed on the Roman soldier marking him a soldier of the Roman emperor (remember how Crowe cuts out his \\"mark\\" in the movie Gladiator?).<br />Even the Da Vinci Code's description and implications of the \\"Last Supper\\" is wrong. St. John (according to the Da Vinci Code this was really St. Mary Magdalene) is dressed in red and green, not red and blue like Our Lord. The Da Vinci Code argues that they wear the same colours because they're male and female, yin and yang. Also, the hand with the knife belongs to St. Peter, it isn't a hand without a body attached to it; St. Peter has his wrist bent on his side with the knife in it. Finally, the scene is not the Consecration (\\"This is my body\\"), which occurred after the meal, but the announcement of the betrayal. St. Peter is leaning over to St. John telling him to ask the Lord who the betrayer is.<br />The list of inaccuracies in this book goes on and on... and much more detailed reviews have been done by many, particularly Christian scholars who have analysed his claims. These can be found at the following websites:<br />[...]<br />[...]<br /> Urgh! How can critics condone this book as an in-depth and well researched best-seller given the elementary mistakes and inaccuracies? (New York Daily News book reviewer trumpeted, \\"His research is impeccable.\\") It's only `pull' factor is the age-old and much attempted tactic of  shock through implications weaved into a mysterious fictional story that claims to be intertwined with well-researched historical facts.  On the contrary, I would say this book contains highly erroneous research and its `fictional' story is highly manipulative. Now that is factual.pagan\\" is suspect. Yes, it is true that one translation of the Latin word \\"paganus\\" is \\"country dwellers,\\" those who were last to convert to Catholicism. But another translation of the Latin word \\"paganus\\" is \\"civilian,\\" those who did not enlist in God's army to fight against the Devil. Given the large number of Catholics who fled to the country to escape persecution and the number of Catholic desert hermits, the more plausible derivation of the word pagan, it seems to me, is \\"civilian,\\" one who was too weak or cowardly to enlist in God's army. This military aspect of the Catholic Church is borne out by St. Paul's epistles urging his fellow Catholics to don spiritual armour and by the sacrament of Confirmation in which a seal (spiritual mark) was placed on the Catholic marking them a soldier of Christ just like a seal was placed on the Roman soldier marking him a soldier of the Roman emperor (remember how Crowe cuts out his \\"mark\\" in the movie Gladiator?). <br />Even the Da Vinci Code's description and implications of the \\"Last Supper\\" is wrong. St. John (according to the Da Vinci Code this was really St. Mary Magdalene) is dressed in red and green, not red and blue like Our Lord. The Da Vinci Code argues that they wear the same colours because they're male and female, yin and yang. Also, the hand with the knife belongs to St. Peter, it isn't a hand without a body attached to it; St. Peter has his wrist bent on his side with the knife in it. Finally, the scene is not the Consecration (\\"This is my body\\"), which occurred after the meal, but the announcement of the betrayal. St. Peter is leaning over to St. John telling him to ask the Lord who the betrayer is. <br />The list of inaccuracies in this book goes on and on... and much more detailed reviews have been done by many, particularly Christian scholars who have analysed his claims. These can be found at the following websites:<br />[...]<BR>[...]<br /> Urgh! How can critics condone this book as an in-depth and wellresearched best-seller given the elementary mistakes and inaccuracies? (New York Daily News book reviewer trumpeted, \\"His research is impeccable.\\") It's only `pull' factor is the age-old and much attempted tactic of  shock through implications weaved into a mysterious fictional story that claims to be intertwined with well-researched historical facts.  On the contrary, I would say this book contains highly erroneous research and its `fictional' story is highly manipulative. Now that is factual.
B00018D44U|5.0|As with most muscians, the sophomore album is the test album.  With the release of a debut album, listeners are bombarded with the sounds of a new artist.  It is, however the second album that determines if the artist will get their foot in the proverbial door.  Norah Jones has done an excellent job with this her second solo album.  While I will admit there is a slight progression to the country aspect, I must also note, that she combines this element along with her jazz-like quality.  I am by no means a big fan of country music, but I believe that anyone would be hard pressed to quantify this new album to any of the current country artists.  I also was pleased to see that Norah took a more active part in the writing of this album.  I would also love to point out that track 11 is a Tom Waits tune, and in my opinion, anyone who can do a Waits song decently is welcome in my collection.  To sum up, I believe this album, while different from her first, is a force to be reckoned with on its own.  I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates a quiet evening listening to music through headphones.
B00003CXXP|5.0|I'm not an expert about art movies or such things but I think that when a movie really gets you and it makes you feel what you're supposed to feel, the movie accomplishes its purpose, and this movie is one of those, some people can think it's depressing, some others can say it's awful, it doesn't matter, the movie  will make you think about a future society and its consequences, a modern fairy tale, warm, bittersweet, the great kid's performance and of course Spielberg's unique style make of this movie one of his greatest films.Just a few movies have made me cried like I did with this one.
B00005JMFI|5.0|This movie was one of the best movie's I saw in 2003! we went as a family and we all enjoyed it. You will laugh and never get bored.
B00005JLWN|2.0|Come on everyone, calm down. This after all is an average/ok film. Its not better than the Matrix, its not even in the same league. It is however ridiculously derivative of the Matrix, lets face it, it would not exist if the Matrix had not been made.<br />Yeah its ok - Bale is good but then he's a good actor. The fight scenes are sometimes a bit silly, but sometimes entertaining. Its a low budget Matrix wannabe. If you view it like that then you may enjoy it. <br />Its like every Steven Seagal or Van Damme film, rips off a genre and never quite makes it out of the B-List, straight to DVD category.
B00006879E|5.0|I first heard Maroon 5 on MTV and I thought they had a really unique sound. The album is great, each song has a different rythem and lead singer, Adam has a great voice.
B00005JLWN|2.0|I would just add to my last review of this today - to the guy who said that people who said its a Matrix rip-off should be shot (anger management issues?) Peter, and Ian who said what the hell does this film have to the matrix let me try to enlighten;<br />- The lighting<BR>- The wearing of all in one dark long coats <BR>- The martial arts<BR>- The gunplay<BR>- The agents of the state concept<BR>- An oppressive unseen master<BR>- The post holocaust world<BR>- Rebellion against the illusion the masses live their lives uner<br />Is that enough.....?<br />The storyline that everyone keep saying was fantastic was thin. The &quot;final battle&quot; was a complete anti-climax.<br />Look, its an moderately entertaining couple of hours in a low budget B movie kind of way. Lets not try to pretend its Lord Of The Rings, or even the Matrix!
B0000A14WB|3.0|I won't go into the music - it is fantastic. Just some comments to the DVD Audio. First: It will play on any DVD Video player and it has surround sound. However, you have to possess a DVD Audio compatible player if you want to benefit from the high res stereo or surround sound on high end equipment. (On cheap Home Cinema Systems or Stereos, it doesn't make much difference). To my ears, the surround mix leaves something to be desired. On one side it is great to listen to the heavenly harmonies coming from all around you in the living room. On the other side, it sounds - no, it feels - different to the original mono mix of Brian Wilson. Maybe it's just me but this is one LP I rather listen to in its original mono mix than the souped up stereo and surround mix.<BR>Also, it seems as if the DVD Audio format is loosing ground compared to the competing SACD format. But I might be wrong here. If I'm right though, this might become a collector's item one day
B00005JM02|3.0|The people who reviewed this and gave it 1 star are clearly deluded. It is a good film by any standards. However it is not a classic, even though Pixar spent so much loving care in the creation.<br />The visuals are stunning. There is no argument with that, anyone not blown away really has not followed cinema for long enough! The graphic realisation, colour and depth are truly of the next level.<br />My problem is really in the fact that Pixar have set such a high standard for themselves before. Whilst I enjoyed it,and there is much that is brilliant here, I found that I didnt enjoy it in the same way as Toy Story 1 and 2, Shrek (I know not Pixar!) or Monsters Inc. Heres why;<br />The story is very linear in a classic Disney way. The gags are there, but enter and exit rather than are part of the story. Other Pixars and films like this had some surreal left field plot lines which elevated the movie to another level.<br />There was no real bad guy/girl which meant that there was little counterbalance to the overall story. <br />Dory - DeGeneris. God, what an annoying character. The monotone voice, and the whale noise skit was embarassing. No one over 5 laughed at that in the cinema. The makers clearly thought that as DeGeneris was in it they would overtwrite her part. Terrible.<br />On the other hand the fish tank scenes were totally underwritten with very very few gags. It also felt like the main story of the search for Nemo was really struggling to come up with things to carry it along.<br />The sharks, who were genuinely funny, are criminally underused, whereas the annoying Dory is badly overused.<br />The father/son dynamic doesnt work any empathy up really, apart from the first 10 minutes when his mother is killed and father/son are left. <br />Ok so it is a good film, there is no denying, but it isnt up there in the top ten animated. I hope Pixars next one remembers that they are fans of the Simpsons and not Bambi!!!!!!!
B00018D44U|4.0|you have to check out this other Nora album that is little known for some reason. It's called &quot;Chance and Circumstance&quot;. Her stuff on this is at least as good as the stuff on, &quot;Feels Like Home&quot;, and it's basically a buried treasure! Enjoy!  ;)
B0000B0WVQ|5.0|I was handed a promo copy of this album in December, and I've been listening to it almost every day since.  I'm not good at describing music, but these women have a style that is utterly captivating and hauntingly beautiful.  The stuff is spare and lush at the same time, and rocks HARD.  The lead singer's voice goes off kilter a lot, and the lyrics are beautiful and sad.  I haven't fallen this hard for any band since Interpol, and Electrelane blows them away.  Steve Albini produced this album, so that's some good rock cred.  Let's put it this way - I ripped the promo copy, and I'm STILL buying the original CD.  Must have.  I'm tempted to fly to England and catch a few of their shows, as I've listened to their live stuff on John Peel Sessions, and it's incredible.  Give it a solo listen, you will not regret it.  I love Electrelane.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|The Diary of Alicia Keys is a soulful mix of R&amp;B and Jazz. It is easy to enjoy, and the songs are smooth and catchy. My personal favorite song is &quot;Diary&quot;, which features Tony Toni Tone. The cd flows very well, and I would definately recommend buying it.
B00005JK8K|4.0|I was drawn to this movie initially because it's about WW2 and, well, I watch just about everything I can get on the subject.  From the opening scenes, the tone is set for gritty action and graphic violence, both of which characterize every combat sequence in the movie.<br />The story revolves around Sgt. Joe Enders (Nicholas Cage), who is assigned to protect Ben Yahzee, a young and naive Navajo &quot;code talker&quot;.  Enders is carrying both physical and psychological scars from an earlier encounter with the Japanese that left him as the sole survivor after his squad was wiped out.  He is portrayed as a quiet, sullen, and downright hard character.  His no-nonsense demeanor and brutality in combat is contrasted by Yahzee's youthful freshness and healthy fear of enemy bullets.  The two make a very unlikely pair, to say the least.<br />The other main characters are Sgt. Anderson (played by Christian Slater), whose charge is another code talker named Charlie Whitehorse, an older Navajo whose traditional roots run deep.  Anderson is much more light hearted and conversational than Enders, having not shared the same hard combat experiences.  Both sergeants, however, have a common mission -- &quot;protect the code at all costs,&quot; which is translated as &quot;kill your code talker if he is in danger of being captured.&quot;  There are a couple suspenseful scenes where the sergeants are put to the test on whether to carry out this order -- 'nuff said.<br />With this stage set, the story carries forward as a depiction of four different men thrown into a common crisis, each dealing with it in his own way but unavoidably influenced by those around him.  Generally speaking, the action is riveting, intense and realistic, and definitely does not glamorize war.  Rather, it puts a horrific face on it in a way that has become much more the norm since the advent of films like &quot;Platoon&quot;, &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; and, more recently, &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot;  Several of the combat scenes are absolutely sweeping (epic?) in their scale, and do a great job of capturing the magnitude of some of these large military operations.<br />My only criticisms would be these:  first, the Marines' ability to dodge bullets while mowing down their enemies with return fire (compared to the lack of such ability in their Japanese counterparts) was unrealistic -- just a little Rambo-esque.  Second, the characters of the code talkers were a bit underdeveloped and even somewhat stereotyped.  Third, I thought the ending was a bit corny and cliche -- did not do justice to the rest of the film.<br />Overall I would rate this as a very good movie that missed an opportunity to be a great movie.  Absolutely worth watching -- and rewatching.  Well done.ot;  Several of the combat scenes are absolutely sweeping (epic?) in their scale, and do a great job of capturing the magnitude of some of these large military operations.<br />My only criticisms would be these:  first, the Marines' ability to dodge bullets while mowing down their enemies with return fire (compared to the lack of such ability in their Japanese counterparts) was unrealistic -- just a little Rambo-esque.  Second, the characters of the code talkers were a bit underdeveloped and even somewhat stereotyped.  Third, I thought the ending was a bit corny and cliche -- did not do justice to the rest of the film.<br />Overall I would rate this as a very good movie that missed an opportunity to be a great movie.  Absolutely worth watching -- and rewatching.  Well done.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This CD is probably one of the best soundtracks out there because there is never one track that lags in powerful expression. Even on the tracks I didn't like as well I still had at least one thing I loved.<br />The Tracks:<br />1. Fog Bound: I guarantee this track will draw you right in! Beginning with a tantalizing plinking noise that soon dissolves into the fiddle music that has been dubbed by many as 'Jack's Theme'. This theme does not stay for long though and soon changes to Elizabeth on the ship's deck. It follows the scene from there until it changes again to what I am pretty sure is the scene between Will and Elizabeth.<br />2. The Medallion Calls: Continues the Will and Elizabeth theme but quickly changes to Jack riding in on his sinking ship. I absolutely love this scene and the music creates the mental picture perfectly in your mind. It continues with Jack until he reaches Port Royal and ends with the comical music accompanying his walk on the pier.<br />3. The Black Pearl: This track follows Jack's escape to the Smithy and has the first real exposure to the boisterous main theme. It ends with Jack finding his way into the Blacksmith shop.<br />4. Will and Elizabeth: Begins immediately into the fight between Jack and Will. This track draws you in completely and is one of my favorites! It closely follows their entire fight until Jack 'cheats'.<br />5. Swords Crossed: Begins with Barbossa telling Elizabeth about the curse, then it changes to the chilling pirate theme where Elizabeth is chased all over the Pearl. This theme is an incredible piece comprised of several haunting instrument choices, I noticed it the first time I watched the movie and was thankful for its copious appearances in this album.<br />6. Walk the Plank: Begins with Barbossa drinking the wine and Elizabeth running away. It then skips backwards to Will and Jack walking under the water and taking over the ship. Again playing 'Jack's fiddle theme', for a much longer stretch of time. It stopsright when they take over the Dauntless.<br />7. Barbossa is Hungry: Sort of follows the Pearl chasing the Interceptor from when Elizabeth comes up from the hold, but there is more to that track that may belong elsewhere. There are some exceptional parts in this track including what sounds like a pan flute repeating a mournful phrase in the music which is beautiful.<br />8. Blood Ritual: This track begins with the story of Bootstrap Bill. The music is really sad but beautiful! About halfway through it changes again which returns to the ship battle. More of the section having to do with Jack.<br />9. Moonlight Serenade: I'm not sure where the slow part at the beginning goes but the latter half is the beginning of the fight between Will, Jack and the Pirates in the cave.<br />10. To the Pirate's Cave: For a short time it follows Elizabeth sneaking onto the Pearl. Then changes to the fight on the Dauntless up until the Governor starts fighting for his wig then the music in the soundtrack is different than what was used in the movie. But it soon changes to Jack showing he's cursed.<br />11. Skull and Crossbones: This music follows the battle I'm pretty sure but I couldn't figure out its exact place in the movie. This track is, nonetheless very motivated and gleans pieces of the different themes, some of them changing in very slight ways. It then changes to the Interceptor blowing up and Will showing up to save Elizabeth!<br />12. Bootstrap's Bootstraps: This track is a lot of different parts I recognize some from the attack on Port Royal as well as the Cave and Dauntless battles at the end!<br />13. Underwater March: This track begins with Barbossa's death and the lifting of the curse, its a very solemn piece and yet very visual. It changes then to the victory on the Interceptor. After that is a beautiful piece where Will messes up his 'Opportune Moment'. Then at the very end the chilling underwater march itself!<br />14. One Last Shot: This is a wonderful track! It starts with the part where Elizabeth says that Will is where her heart truly lies and from there you can follow the entire scene until the end of the movie! Its amazing I can actually quote all the lines in their proper place now! Be sure to try it! ;) This track also features a powerful crescendo at the kiss which is incredible!<br />15. He's A Pirate: Probably my favorite track on the whole CD, these are the ending Credits (which can also be aligned with Jack's rescue) and it features just the main theme! This theme is the entire reason I got this soundtrack!<br />The Music: The music is very powerful and really sparks a fire! It makes you want to go do something adventurous and if you slip on some headphones and let this orchestrated masterpiece pound in your ears for a while I guarantee you'll feel motivated at the end!<br />The Composing: This composing is excellent! Unique and original, Klaus Bladelt is a master of his art and all I can say is I hope Hans Zimmer has more students like Klaus and Nick-Glennie Smith (of Man in the Iron Mask).<br />Altogether: Despite the fact the music is titled all wrong and pieces of the music are all over the place as far as order goes, it does nothing really to diminish the quality of this album. My only other complaint is the length! The CD is 43min 40sec which seems long at first but there are some rather large pieces missing from the track which is too bad. But don't let that stop you!<br />One Note: Don't put these tracks on a 'random' feature, practically every track leads into the next! =)<br />Pirates of the Caribbean, Soundtrack: Rates 5 stars out of 5<br />~@~Rose
0316666343|3.0|The ladies of the 'Just Us Girls' Book Club reviewed this book in April '03.  The group was disappointed with the ending of the book.  After following the narration of Susie Salmon, we felt that the detective did a poor job connecting the clues to ulitmately find Harvey.  The group was also disappointed with how Harvey ultimately died.  Did he ever get what he deserved??
0792838068|1.0|I totally agree with Natasha.  Just hope I can give this thing negative stars.  This is trully a fake, over-acted, sickly sentimental cr** that doesn't touch the real tragedy of life at all.  There is no truth in this film.  Shallow!
0385504209|2.0|The author has wrapped the highly bogus \\"Mary Magdalene and Jesus were lovers\\" tale around a generic thriller plot.  Other reviewers have catalogued that all too well here to go into detail. Suffice it to say that some of the scenes would fit well in the next Austin Powers movie.  Hairy-legged feminists and other Christian-haters may enjoy this book.  The rest of you should not waste your money.  Fortunately Mel Gibson's new movie, The Passion, is coming out soon to tell the real story of Jesus.
B00005JLWN|5.0|what the hell does this film have to the matrix why do people keep going on about that dont get me wrong i loved all of them but they have nothing to do with this film. the only similaritys that i can see are one the are both/all sci fi films the other is well coriagraphed fight scenes. <br />any way this film was superb all of it the concept the fight scenes the storyline fantastic.<br />i read one of the reveiws where someone thought it was a little extreme that john preston killed several guards over a puppy but he didnt kill the guards to defend the puppy he killed them because once they found the puppy they realized he was felling so he had to kill them to defend him self.<br />sorry that i didnt use any punctuation and didnt check my spelling but i couldnt be bothered.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|Despite some naysayers that claim that Alice In Wonderland is a \\"Class B\\" Disney movie, (Even Uncle Walt labelled it as such after it's rather unspetacular opening in 1951}I am forced to disagree.<br /><br />Ever since I first saw Alice in the mid 70's, it somehow wormed it's way into my heart as my favorite Disney film, even though I had never read the original books of Lewis Carrol. First of all, the animation is some of the most beautiful and scay that Disney ever produced.<br /><br />Katherine Beaumont makes quite the convincing Alice as well. Despite not having the singing voice of an angel, you can't help but love her. She gives the voice acting all she's got, and you truly belive that she's an 11 year old trapped in this funny, yet terrifying nightmare world.<br /><br />The special features on the DVD are nothing short of fantastic, and over all, this 2 disc set was well worth the wait and price.<br /><br />Despite the troubles the Disney empire has been having lately, This DVD proves that they can still do something right.
0385510438|5.0|A Syracuse U. dropout buys a small town newspaper in Clanton, Mississippi and wakes the townspeople up! Grisham captures the atmosphere and attitudes of this town as if he'd lived there most of his life. Beautiful character profiles and enough action to give the story punch involving a brutal rape/murder, a trial and a promise for revenge. But the &quot;last juror&quot; is Mrs. Callie, a black mother of seven PHD offspring whose inspiration (and great cooking) is the glue that gives an immature, 23 year old the guidance and stability to persevere and eventually, after 10 gritty years, to make his mark. Grisham in a 5 star effort.
B000002H4Q|5.0|This is the album that no Cure fan can possibly be without. I was first exposed to The Cure through 'Head on the Door' and was worried this next release would be commercial, no chance of that!<BR>From the opening track 'Kiss', which builds and savages for at least 4-5 minutes before Robert Smith even opens his mouth, to the lush and haunting 'If Only Tonight We Could Sleep' and the Cure's flip-side pop personality of 'Catch' and 'Just Like Heaven' this album runs the full gamutt of The Cure's musical genius.<BR>Many tracks are challenging, but this is an album that continues to grow on you, even years after you've bought it.<BR>Henry Rollins has been known to say that 'Why Can't I Be You' is his favourite pop song, all happy melody and beat, with quite frightening lyrics.<BR>Other standout tracks are 'Like Cockatoos', 'Torture', 'Icing Sugar' and the infectious 'Hot Hot Hot!!!'.<BR>Few double albums sustain the energy and interest over the course of the whole work. 'Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me' (2 vinyls, one very long CD) is the yardstick by which all such efforts should be measured.
B000002IGP|4.0|During our family's annual summer vacation, my cousin had found this tape on the beach after a huge beach July 4th party back in 1984, someone had left it behind.  After a trade involving a frisbee and two packs of firecrackers, I took the tape back to the condo.  After shaking the sand from the cassette and listening to the whole album, I came to the conclusion that I had come out on the winning side of the deal. I've since bought this on CD and still enjoy listening to it.<br />If you ever wanted to know what 80's pop/glam metal was all about, look no further than this album.  This album was a massive hit and a big step forward from their Ratt EP, putting Ratt at the top of the metal heap of the early 80's.  Some people have said &quot;Detonator&quot; or &quot;Dancing Undercover&quot; are the band's best albums...I disagree.  While those albums are good,  this is definitely their best. No question about it.<br />With this album, Ratt crafted a distinctive look and sound all their own.  From the opening of &quot;Wanted Man&quot; to the last cord of &quot;Scene of the Crime,&quot; you have an excellent album. Top notch prodution, the songwriting, the blazing Warren DeMartini guitar solos, they're all here and then some.<br />The biggest hit from this album is &quot;Round and Round,&quot; followed by &quot;Wanted Man,&quot; a great opening song for the album.  You also get a reworking of &quot;Back For More&quot; from the Ratt EP, this version being a huge improvement over the first.<br />The only downside...yep...the hair band lable.  Do not let that sway you.  These guys were on the music scene prior to the blow-dried-no-talent-wannabes that left nothing but empty Aqua Net cans on the music scene.<br />If you have their greatest hits album and want more, get this, you won't be sorry.  Enjoy -- and thanks for reading!
B00003CXC7|5.0|Given that my movie-watching life really began with Star Wars, I had been somewhat focused on films released after that time.  This went on until I saw Rear Window for the first time...<br />I was lucky enough to see it on the big screen and was just blown away by every element of the film: cinematography, storytelling, and of course the wonderful acting.  Until that time I had never had an appreciation for just how great Jimmy Stewart really was...and I was basically mesmerized.<br />Simply put, this is one of the most enjoyable film experiences I've ever had and it continues to be a favorite of mine to this day...
B000002IJO|3.0|Now before anyone looks at my three star rating and assumes it's a knock to this album, hear me out.  I usually reserve five stars for an album that is timeless -- something like Led Zeppelin IV or The Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; album.  Something that has left an indelible stamp on the face of the music industry.  Four stars is reserved for the a great album that, while not a classic, is exceptional.  For me, &quot;Dancin' Undercover&quot; is a good album, not a great album.<br />I remember buying this after wearing out my &quot;Out of the Cellar&quot; and &quot;Invasion of Your Privacy&quot; tapes.  It was released in 1986 to a lot of hype in the music magazines of the day, as well as teaser clips on MTV.  You'd think this album was going to be the end-all-be-all of, well, everything.  As soon as it came out, I shelled out my cash and bought a copy on tape.<br />I listened to it once and was instantly underwhelmed.  Whoa... only &quot;Slip of the Lip&quot; stood out.  I listened again and took a liking to &quot;7th Avenue,&quot; but everthing else seemed so uninspired.  Stephen Pearchy's voice still sounded good, Warren DeMartini was still impressive, but something was missing.  To this day, I still can't put my finger on it.<br />I'd place this as my fourth favorite album by the band, following &quot;Out of the Cellar,&quot; &quot;Detonator,&quot; and &quot;Invasion of your Privacy.&quot;  It's not a bad album, I still enjoy listening to it, it's just not a &quot;great&quot; album to me.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|This is one of the best movies of 2003. It's basically about The mutants still there, Wolverine(Hugh Jackman) Storm(Halle Berry) Jean Gray(Famke J.) Cyclops(James Marseden) Magneto(Ian Mckellen) And Rogue( Anna Paquin), Pyro(Aaron Stanford) And so forth. Their still the coolest mutants on earth! Hello!!!!!! <BR> The William Stryker(Brian Cox) A hateful general who hates Mutants and his assistant Lady Deathstrike(Kelly Hue) A beautiful mutant under his control force Night Crawler(Alan Cumming) a telephatic blue-skinned mutant to attack the president. With this proof, Stryker goes after the X-Men attacking Proffesor Xavier's(Patrick Stewart) school. Wolverine leads an escape with Ice-man(Bruce Davidson)Pyro, and Rogue, While Storm and Jean go off searching for Night-crawler in boston. Wolverine and the X-Kids are attacked at Bobby/Iceman's house. There Pyro shows of his mutant ability in a highly cool and awesome way. Jean and Storm rescue them and they make their way to Stryker's base where Cyclops and Xavier have been kidnapped. They take along the beautiful Mystique(Rebbeca Romijn Stands) And Magneto to attack. It ends with a final fight between Wolverine and Deathstrike and a self sacrifical stunt by one of them.    <BR>CRITIQUE<BR> This movie is extremely good and very interesting with the best special effects. My only objection is the rare use of Cyclops(Even though he gets to kick some serious butt) and Iceman(Who does almost nothing in use even though he is my favorite X-man). The jet looks better, Cyclop's car is awesome and Wolverine unleashes his rage. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
B000063COX|5.0|The previous reviews of Maiden's debut have been quite extensive and well received.  It's hard to say anything negative about this classic piece of metal artistry.  From start to finish it delivers a non-stop barrage of stellar riffs, searing vox, backed by the rhythm section of Clive Burr and the untouchable Steve Harris providing both the bones and the heart that hold the beast together.  I first bought this album in 1983, and to this day I have yet to pick all the pieces of my skull from out of the wall from having my head blown up by what I had heard.  &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; sounds as phenomenal today as it did back then, and while many metal bands works from the early '80s sound dated, this one has never lost its edge.  Unique in every way, &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; crossed numerous boundaries in sound and style.  Production wise, I've found this one to be the most polished, as it lacks what could be considered the heaviness that makes Maiden Maiden, but this never causes the album to suffer in any way.  Did the band get better after after this one? In some ways, yes: Paul Di'Anno got more sinister in his vocals, then he split, (I must add that Bruce Dickinson was a most excellent replacement) the guitar tandems changed but Adrian Smith only added to the assault, Nicko McBrain replaced Clive, but that's the business.  All changes aside I still hold this debut as one of the best albums ever.  It's got it all!  It's both beauty and beast without sacrificing one for the other.  I only have two questions regarding the new enhanced versions... what's the deal with the new cover art?!  And what happened to the Castle re-releases with the extra CDs (ie: &quot;Killers&quot; with the bonus disc of &quot;Maiden Japan&quot;)???
B00005JLXE|3.0|Matt Murdock lives in &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot; a tough part of town where bullies of all kinds prey on the vulnerable. His father, a boxer, is killed for refusing to take a dive in a fixed fight. Matt, blind from an accident that also left him with his other senses super-enhanced, vows to become a righter of wrongs and a force for justice. <br />But is he a force for justice or a murderous vigilante? When he loses a case in court, allowing a rapist to go free, Daredevil doesn't just go after him; he slaughters a whole roomfull of bad guys. At least, they must be bad guys, even though we don't really see them do anything bad except for looking tough and fighting for their lives. Even Daredevil himself is not entirely sure that he is one of the good guys.<br />Murdock meets Elektra, whose fragrance is so tantalizing that he follows her out of a coffee shop. They end up taking each other on in a fight in a playground that serves the same function for them that dance numbers did for Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers -- it's their way to size each other up, and it's their foreplay. At one point, he says, &quot;Are you holding back?&quot; she says, &quot;Yes,&quot; and he says, &quot;Don't.&quot; Clearly, they were made for each other. <br />But there are complications, mostly the work of a crime kingpin named...Kingpin and his hired Irish assassin, Bullseye (Colin Farrell, for once using his original accent). There are misunderstandings, choices, and lessons, but mostly there are fights.
0694003611|4.0|I believe this is a classic book to read that is great for children of all ages. I have fond memories of this book as my mother would read me this book. I think the child that gets this book is very lucky to have such a great book in their colleection. A book that children of all ages will enjoy.
B000001EHS|2.0|To me, Def Leppard lost something when the drummer lost his arm in the early 80's. I'm disappointed that this album contains very few songs from High and Dry and earlier, in fact only one. Their best song, in my opinion, Let it Go from High and Dry, is not here in favor of the pop crap that ruined my favorite high school band back in the early 80's. In my opinion, after Pyromania they lost all of their creativity and over-produced a bunch of garbage.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I went to Best buy last Tuesday and was staring at the CD.  I wanted to buy it so bad, but then I just left.  Like a buffoon.  But later I picked it up, and was amazed!  This CD is so awesome! Kanye West does a great job on this CD.  He can now take Jay-z's place on the R.O.C.  He is that good.  Buy the CD!!  Don't make the same mistake I did.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Deaf viewers should be aware that the English subtitles on this DVD are not suitable for the hard of hearing.  They do not include environmental details like &quot;baby crying&quot; or other sounds.  The movie is captioned, though, and those captions do include the details.  Please turn on the captions instead of the subtitles.
B000002H33|1.0|This album, although revered by many as the 'greatest metal album of all time', i doubt it somehow, this release is overated and distinctly average in places, in the same way ride the lightning and, and justice for all are...<BR>Megadeth are better, FACT.<BR>i find this release, along with most metallica, overrated, borderline crap in places.<BR>i know a lot dont agree but its true.
B00018D44U|5.0|This CD rivals her smash hit Come Away with Me.  The only one that jumps out at you is Those Sweet Words.  The rest grow on you a little each time you hear them, just as all her songs. A good variety.
B0000DD7LB|3.0|That this album was put together with a lot of effort, as to what Britney claims it to be. I have purchased the album ever since it came out, and it is quite nice rather than her past albums. It has the hooks, the beats, the melody, the tempo, but it is lacking \\"the voice\\". If you listen carefully to this album, she merely sings and lets the electronic manipulations do the rest. In my opinion, she has sung more in her \\"...Baby One More Time\\" release than this recent one \\"In the Zone\\". She does lack the artistic ability, but this is close enough to being creative. Britney may not be a Grammy potential due to her vocals, but she definitely deserves more than just destructive criticisms. She is still lost on what type of artist she wants to be, and that's ok, artists are supposed to be ambiguous anyways. \\"Toxic\\" is the most outstanding song in this latest effort, but the rest, you just have to keep your fingers crossed and hope that they'd stay on the Billboard Charts for more than 2 weeks. \\"Breathe On Me\\" would also be a competitive track; sexy and fits her vocal ability. She needs to stay out of collaborating with rap artists, because \\"I Got That (Boom Boom)\\" is not working for her and she doesn't sound as soulful as she thinks. \\"Showdown\\", \\"Everytime\\" (the only song that she sings 100%), \\"Shadow\\", \\"Me Against the Music\\" are also worthwhile. To add more to this review, I just have to say that, if she's a singer, started as one and still is, that she should stop tricking her fans into believing that choreography's the reason why she barely sings live. Janet Jackson has been singing live ever since and Britney should stop using her as an excuse. Janet tends to sound like her record, but hey, she sings live because she loves her fans. Watch her concerts carefully, then that's how you find out. Paula Abdul is another one. She may have emerged as a choreographer more than a singer, but she has sung live in her concerts when she was still famous. Paula was in fact the Britney of the the late 80s, but she has in fact proved that she'll sing live just for her fans. Madonna is another issue. Everyone knows that Madonna's not really the greatest singer in the world, hence she pulls it off by entertaining, dancing and singing live altogether. Hmmm...so what excuse does Britney have besides \\"choreography\\"? Let me cut her some slack because \\"In the Zone\\" is a great album. Unless you're looking for \\"real singing\\", I'd  recommend Christina Aguilera's \\"Stripped\\", Pink's \\"Try This\\", or Beyonce's \\"Crazy in Love\\". But \\"In the Zone\\" would keep you entertained to the point where you have to stop playing it...
B00005U2LM|4.0|on point lyrics as always from the Wu-Brothers, some cool production, but some that lags, doesn't stand up becuase it's just not very solid. <BR>Definately a step up from the W, which in my ears, wasn't very lyrically intense and the production was plain clunky for 2/3rds of the cd. <BR>I know what they were trying to achieve, they didn't honestly do it with Iron Flag, but they still made a damn good listen...<br />peace,
B00005JLYW|3.0|This movie is a few stories all woven into a bigger story.  Not only do we learn some history about the different characters, heroes and villains, but we also learn the history of the agency.  Unfortunately, this prevents the film as a whole from resonating with the audience.<br />Although the larger story concerns a stolen list of people being hidden in witness protection, the larger theme is one of identity.  Who are the killers?  Who needs protection?  Yes, the list is one element of unknown identity, but the audience will take a tour through each of the angels' history.  No one is quite sure she really knows who the other angel is.  Each has so many stories to protect herself and her work that the confusion creates the comedy or drama.<br />Lucy Liu's character has not told her father what she does for a living.  As a subplot, we see the humor that comes from trying to keep up a cover story then creating more confusion when both think the other understands, yet neither does.<br />Drew Barrymore's character provides us with the drama as during her journey she speaks with a past angel, Jaclyn Smith, who has a cameo role.<br />Demi Moore was an angel, but isn't any more.  Her quest for identity is to find who the best angel is.<br />None of these give away the story or the main plot; however, these tips help you to see how the different subplots underline the main plot.  I am not sure I would recommend the movie.  The film can't seem to decide whether it is comedy or action, and as a result, the movie undercuts its power.  There is nothing wrong with comedy in action and action in comedy, but going overboard with either distracts the audience from the finer points.
B0001AP12G|3.0|he is an inadaquete lyricist, and his beats lost their shine after a few listens. I prefer lyrics that equally match their production counterparts. He tackles some cool topics, but he really has little depth or opinions.<br />Good for a few listens, but after that it's quite throwaway.<br />Recommended to download, but if you still like it after a few listen, you should buy it!
B000002V0Q|5.0|This is real good, but it is not as good as 5 of their other cds{Killing is my business,Peace sells,So far so good so what, Rust in Peace, Youthanasia.} I think that the songs &quot;Sympony of descruction&quot; and &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot; are very overated. I believe the best songs are &quot;Skin O' my Teeth&quot; and &quot;High Speed Dirt&quot;. And an honorable mention to &quot;Architecture of Aggresion.&quot;
B000002WPI|4.0|forceful rhymes, made imagery, cool production. If you take away the historic significance of this album in hip hop, it's only a 4.5 , but i'll give it a 4, it's only fair...<BR>We've all heard much better lyrics and much better production in our time, but this is a great collection of tracks and the beginning and a downslyding repetoire.<br />peace,
0385504209|5.0|Wonderful book, provides interesting look at religious history/controversy's and the Catholic church.
B0000DJZA0|5.0|The CD/DVD combination is a great idea.  Their live performance is  right up there with their studio efforts.  Several aspects come through in their performance and accompanying documentary:<br />1.  They are an extremely TIGHT band.  The cohesiveness of their sound is due to the fact that they are always \\"on the same page\\" with each other because they've known one another for so long.<BR> <BR>2.  I don't think of them as great musicians necessarily; but they are pretty darned good.<br />3. They are overly conscious of their sudden success and are not all that comfortable with it. They seem nearly embarrassed and apologetic about it, almost to the point of ridicule. The documentary points that out repeatedly.<br />4. As a result, they try to avoid being pretentious at any cost.  As a result, Chris Martin realizes the futility of such a pursuit since they are playing to 20,000 people at a time, not a drunk 100 in a stinky pub in London. Rock n' Roll  by definition is a pretentious pursuit.  Always has been, always will be. Nature of the beast.<br />5. The electronic keyboard parts on their studio CD's are piped in during their live performances, which sort of sucks.  Eventually I am sure they will hire ancillary musicians to make their shows more authentic.<br />However you describe it, they come off as a unique quartet.
B00005ND42|4.0|There is no need to say anything about Oistrakh's command of the violin, which in many ways are unsurpassed.    His partner Oborin, however may not be as inspiring as Schnabel or Kempff. But he was the first Chopin gold medalist and the teacher of Ashkenazy. He is elegant and rather poetic. There are reasons to prefer him to Haebler as far as Beethoven's Sonatas are concerned.     However, from these CDs you will only get what you had when you listened to your LPs some 40 years ago and there hasn't been any change since they were first digitalized. What a shame for much craved for master pieces like these!
B000021YQV|5.0|The only review neccesary of this album can be summed into this:<BR>                 THIS ALBUM RULES!!!!<br />I said yayah!!
B00018D44U|5.0|I love the album, love Nora's voice, love The Very Handsome Band. Nora's singing is very laid back, sexy and sophisticated. Music has gone in different direction, but \\"Feels Like Home\\" is just as enjoyable as \\"Come Away With Me\\".<BR>My only problem is the length of this CD. 46 minutes? Sounds a little too short for 2004 standards.<BR>Otherwise, highly recommended.
B00000JGOJ|4.0|if you liked love actually, then you probably will also like<BR>this one. There are separate stories being played, each touching<BR> some aspect of interpersonal relationships.. girl avoiding intimacy, boy avoiding intimacy, wife looking elsewhere for intimacy.. This does have it's sombre moments as well as moments<BR>that will make you laugh out loud.<BR>sean connery's voice and humour is impeccable as ever.. <BR> The ending brings the stories together in a kind of satisfying finale.. all in all, a movie worth watching.
0312263120|5.0|Brown never ceases to amaze me with the complex novels he creates.  I started out the Da Vinci Code, moved on to Angels &amp; Demons, and now this one.  Of the three, Digital Fortress is my favorite.  Perhaps this was because I really didn't expect Mr. Brown to be able to &quot;keep up&quot; with himself as far as the quality books he turns out, and interesting plots.  <br />Also recommended:  McCrae's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD
0385504209|5.0|From the first page to the last, this book is packed with documented facts everyone needs to know about.  This book attempts to, with superb detail, let the world know the truth about our Christian religious history.<br />Dan brings to the reader an exciting passage of experience into the realms of the esoteric.<br />A must read for anyone in search of the truth!
B00006BTCA|5.0|The NYC scene gets a lot of publicity and deservingly so. It's so good that, in my opinion, The Strokes are only about the fifth best band in New York right now and they are pretty good. The best in NYC is Interpol, and the reason for that is \\"Turn On the Bright Lights\\". I knew this band was special the very first time I heard the album. There has been alot of talk that the band rips off Joy Division, The Cure, Echo.., but that is a narrow minded perspective. Interpol merely pick up where those bands leave off. The result is \\"TOTBL\\", a lush, atmospheric dark rock album that is stimulating and addictive. Musically, this band has no weaknesses. The rhythm section is just about the best there is in rock today. The dual guitarists have a very distinct sound and Paul Banks' vocals are perfect for this band. Guitarist Daniel Kessler's Rickenbacker offers a nice contrast from Bank's Les Paul, and together the effect is incredible. The two compliment each other nicely. Carlos D's bass playing is stupefying, as is Sam Fogarino's drumming. Amazingly, they are every bit as tight live as they are on record. \\"Obstacle 1\\", the second song on the album, has a fast tempo and is a great showcase for the band's musical abilities. The next track \\"NYC\\", is a crystalline ballad with cryptic lyrics(\\"The subway, she is a porno\\"..),and Kessler's guitar sound is perfect for the song. \\"PDA\\" is an interesting song. The last minute and a half may be the best part of the whole album, but for some reason it was left off of the radio version, which makes me angry every time I hear it. This is further proof that radio stations are clueless. \\"Hands Away\\" is another slow song that has an ethereal sound and may remind you of a couple of other bands. I don't think those other bands sound as good as this though. \\"Stella is a diver, and she's always down\\" is a great up-tempo rock song. Once again the band show of their superior musicianship and seemingly endless supply of hooks. Paul Banks' lyrics are melancholy but not depressing. You can always see a lighthouse in his storms, symbolizing hope, albeit distant at times. My favorite song on the album is the final track, \\"Leif Erikson\\" (I'm probably the only person who says that). It sounds so lonely, yet warm at the same time. Banks' voice is just so sympathetic and Kessler's guitar so clear that it gives me goosebumps. It really is the perfect closing song for this perfect album. \\"Turn on the Bright Lights\\" sounds like New York should sound, like a city that never sleeps because it has too much on it's mind.
0789723107|5.0|Steve Krug knows what he's talking about.  This book not only provides the &quot;musts&quot; of every good website but is thoroughly entertaining and very easy reading.  Anyone who has anything to do with creating and managing websites should understand and apply the guidelines and principles from this book.
B00005OAIE|1.0|There's really great music being made today but you won't find it from this poseur. Do yourself a favor and do a little research and find something satisfying in this genre. Joni Mitchell's Court and Spark might be a good place to start.
B00005B36H|5.0|A spiritual journey that will open up your 3rd eye and make you see music in a different perspective.  OK sure there are better bands out there.  Like what?? sure you can compare.  compared to what.  Why dont you let us in on the big secret.  What should we be buying? sorry charlie, Ill keep my tool
B00006GEXR|3.0|After the sucessful \\"High Fidelity\\", another Nick Hornby novel was adapted to the big screen. This time the Weitz Bros (of \\"American Pie\\" fame) are the chosen directors, and they manage to deliver an entertaining, honest and meaningful comedy that`s above many laugh-a-minute flicks out there. <BR>Like most Nick Hornby`s oeuvres, \\"About a Boy\\" presents a funny, intelligent story that deals with the subject of isolation, loneliness, personal growth and contact with those who surround us, approaching this themes in a simple, natural and engaging way.<BR><br />Will (played by a convincing Hugh Grant) is the typical late twenties slacker who lives in his own world and doesn`t bother much with what goes on beyond his reduced circle, living a shallow, selfish and uninteresting everyday routine. Marcus (Nicholas Hoult) is a smart though lonely kid that has no friends or motivations, and whose only companion is his single, neurotic and depressed mother (Toni Collette). As the movie develops, Will and Marcus become friends and forge a personal bond, providing some hilarious, clever moments and a couple of touching ones, too. <BR>This, like \\"High Fidelity\\", is a guy flick, since men are the ones who can find some situations here more relatable, though it still is a worthwile movie for everyone anyway. Personally, I could identify with both Marcus and Will, discovering parallels between my life and theirs.<BR><br />Despite its somewhat predictable plot, \\"About a Boy\\" is nonetheless a witty, poignant picture, with an intriguing storytelling and a couple of well-observed details about mundane life (Will`s cynical description of time passing through). And it even has an interesting and appealing soundtrack by offbeat indie star Badly Drawn Boy. <BR>Worth a look.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is the 4th time I have purchased this CD.  They need to come out with an indestructable version of this album.  I take very good care of my CDs but I have worn this out yet again.  I have heard this CD over and over and at any given time I can pop it in and not get sick of it.  This is undeniably THE masterpeice of the 90s.  Recent studys show that listening to Tool's Aenima can actually improve your IQ.  Rumors report that Maynard includes subliminal messages in this CD that make you want to listen to it over and over again.  Statistics state that 47.2% of the people that have purchased this album have purchased it more than once....hmmmmm conspiracy?  Can Justin Timberlake hold a note/scream for 30+ seconds?  Maybe someone should clue in TRL...
6305161879|5.0|When I saw A FISH CALLED WANDA in the theater back in the late '80s, the only thing that prevented me from staying for another viewing was the ache in my gut from laughing so hard. So, the next day, I coughed up another $4.00(!) just to see it again (remember when going to the movies didn't cost a friggin fortune?). Having this dvd permits me to laugh whenever I'm down or grumpy. Cleese, Curtis, Kline and Palin (with the world's funniest hair-do ever) just worked so well together. The direction was well-paced considering the several subplots. And the transfer from video to dvd is crisp and clear. I know everyone else (with any sense of humor) reviewing this movie is lavishing the same praise but I don't mind repeating them. This is a band wagon worth jumping on.
B000089RVX|4.0|This is the best album i have bought in awhile for the fact of consistency.  I can listen to this album front to back and enjoy every second of it.  Amy has a beautiful voice and how she combines the troubling lyrics with her voice is truly unique.  I definently look forward to a new album.  Any artist that can go from rock to songs like 'My Immortal' and capture the tone of the music in both is true talent.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is not for everyone.  If you're looking for a &quot;Caddyshack&quot; style performance from Bill Murray, you won't find it here.  Don't get me wrong, &quot;Caddyshack&quot; is a great film and Murray is fantastic in it, but &quot;Lost&quot; is a completely different film altogether.  Sofia Coppola avoids the sophomore slump by crafting a slow burn of a story that slowly draws the audience into the world of two characters who are simply aching for some sort of connection.  Murray's Bob Harris has come to endorse a whiskey for a tidy amount of yen, and Scarlett Johansson's Charlotte (in another brilliant performance from this promising young star) has come with her hipster photographer husband, hoping to spend some time with him.  But both characters find themselves totally alone in the vastly different world of Tokyo, and I don't mean simply the language barrier, I'm talking about the cultural walls that are in place.  Japan is not American-friendly, and though it may not be by choice, to be totally alone in a country so different from your own can cause feelings of intense isolation.  In &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; we see these feelings onscreen, and the path these characters take and how they change their lives with each other's help is astonishing.  Little moments shine, such as the patting of a foot, or an awkward moment during a fire drill, or the hilarious scenes that come out of some harmless jabbing at Japanese culture.  Come on kids, they do it to us all the time. I've been there, and it's fun to poke fun.  So lighten up everyone, go in expecting something different and let the movie take you.  You won't be disappointed.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I tried to watch Lost in Translation with my family and they thought it was so boring. I was happy because now I know I'm not crazy. We could only bare 30 minutes of it before fast-forwarding to the climax of the movie where absolutely nothing happens. People love this movie though. And real people too, like friends of my parents and adults who have college degrees. Anyway, if you've never seen it- don't rent it. I thought the movie Pluto Nash or &quot;Black Night&quot; starring Martin Lawrence was better. I guess Lost in Translation is supposed to be like real life (Depending on whether or not you're an emo nerd), but people don't pay to see movies like real life. They want to escape the mediocrity of their boring life and see planes firing missles at each other and a tarantula devoruing something living. Why would I want to spend two hours watching someone else's boring life? I don't know. People who like the movie Lost in Translation know.
0385504209|4.0|Yes, this book is a page turner however I did find the writing to be a bit simplistic.  Having said that, I still read this book in less than one week.  Dan Brown had me hooked.  I thought the topic was very interesting and the way the author weaved his story using fact and fiction as the thread was wonderful.
0553801546|5.0|I came upon the assasin series by chance perhaps 5 years ago, and have followed avidly through 3000+ pages. For all his suffering and agonizing (almost but not as bad as the stephenson leper)we have all followed Fitz and wanted his happiness as much as the FOol. What an ending. THis was magnificent. What was even better than the story in this 6th book - (which was very exciting and riveting) was the 100 pages at the end wrapping things up between all the characters you have known and loved. Many authors skip this part - but THANK YOU ROBIN HOBB - I feel very closed, ended, satisfied. You must read this book.
0385504209|5.0|I read this book in one day!  It was so good, I couldn't put it down.  It is thrilling, informative and really makes you think.  Ultra-conservative catholics may be offended but I applaud anyone who questions the norm.  Dan Brown has done an outstanding job.  I borrowed this book to read it, but i want to own it now!  I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone who has a thirst for higher knowledge.
0385504209|5.0|I would recommend this book to anyone who questioned the catholic faith.  It reveals a lot of different ideas that seem pretty concrete.  I couldn't put the book down!  I loved it!  It was a well-written mystery that had many twists and turns that added to the excitement of the book.  Nothing was predictable.  Enjoy!
B00006SFLV|3.0|This was one of the best shows of all time, so of course it's great to have the series out on DVD.  Come on, though.  After all that waiting and not even one special feature.  One commentary, interview, featurette.  I love the episodes, but for the amount of money they're charging they could have put a little more effort into it.
B00004XPPB|5.0|This is an absolutely GREAT mob flick, and it's also one of the first movies to start Johnny Depp into more mature and serious roles.  His Portrayal of Joe Pistone is amazing. Additionally, Al Pacino's portrayal of Lefty Two Guns, Donnie Brasco's Mentor, is ALSO amazing.  <br />This movie is especially good because it's a mob movie done from the other side of the spectrum.  Instead of having the central figure being a mobster, who is destined for either jail or a pine box, the central figure is a FBI agent, who's infiltrated the mob deeper than anyone in the history of the FBI.  <br />Basically, what you get is a main character who is human and has all the traits of a normal person, but it also shows the human side of the mob.  You see how a person could become part of it, how they can get drawn in, and how the mob acts like family.  And from how it sounds, Pistone got so far into the mob, he wasn't sure if he really wanted out.  Depp's portrayal of this is fantastic, and I can't say enough about how much I like this movie.
B000000OPQ|5.0|While wrestling for Coronado Highschool in Las Vegas this cd got me pumped up for every match. A must have for any wrestler!
1401300901|1.0|Pretty much the worst book I have ever bought!!!  The reviews were great for this book but it was just plain bad!  I would never again by another book by this author.  There was no grasping point to this book!
031286504X|4.0|I have to confess right away, I have yet to read the other stories in this edition of Matheson's classic. I rushed to finish I AM LEGEND to review it Fri the 13th:). The plot of the title story is deceptively simple. Robert Neville is the last human in a plague struck earth. The rest of the population have become vampires.<br />Matheson writes an incredibly exciting and compelling tale of vampirism. The action is continous throughout the short novel, and he offers alternative theories to the mythology. I still lay awake 48 hours after finishing it that is testament to how spooky the atmosphere permeating this story is, and I am a jaded horror reader. There is little gore in Matheson's horror, but great suspense/paranoia and a chilling climate compelling readers' to turn pages at furious page until the superb ending.<br />This novel is a must read for fans of the Vampire sub-genre horror fiction.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is simply the most amazing and emotional World War 2 movie or miniseries ever made. I thought Saving Private Ryan was brilliant in depicting the horrific events that the men encountered during the war.I thought that it would take an extrodinary film to replace Saving Private Ryan as my favorite film of all time. Band of Brothers has managed to accomplished that feat. I had bought the DVD'S about two months ago but I never had an opportunity to watch the film until yesterday. I was completely mesmerized and moved by this great film. Easy Company deserved all the praised and accolades it received. The battle scenes, cinematography, and storyline help make this film an incredible achievement. I found myself weeping during most of the episodes. Although the DVD'S are a tad expensive, I recommend that you purchase this film. I will treasure this masterpeace forever.
6305313687|4.0|American History X stands on its own as a great piece of powerhouse performing by all the cast involved, including - Norton, Furlong, Keach, Brooks, D'Angelo and Gould. Essentially the story is about Derek (Norton) who plays an ex-Nazi gang leader who undergoes rehabilitation while in prison where he gets to experience the cons of his fascism. The film tells his story through the eyes of his brother (Furlong) who must write a paper for his principle on his brother's life as punishment for writing an essay on Adolf Hitler.<br />The film poses a number of great questions and answers many of them, although we will never actually get to see the REAL American History X because Kaye was locked out of the editing room, by Hollywood executives and Norton, in an attempt to control Norton's content on the screen and to give it a Hollywood flavor which can be seen throughout the picture when Norton does the sudden U-Turn with the Nazi brother and suddenly become \\"good guys\\" almost overnight. Yes, it is hard to believe at times and certainly there is a lot to spoon down in that department, but overall the film is certainly very good and plays out well even if the story is a bit contrived at times, however you will LOVE the cinematography that Kaye produces on the screen and this film does indeed look lush in its color, black and white, slow motion sequences.<br />Definitely a picture worth looking at - to look at, and although the story does have a lot of impact it might be a little artificial in a Hollywood sort of way at times. Pitty Kaye was not allowed the reigns all the way through to the finish.
B000002B1M|5.0|This album is hot.  Other than the dreaded &quot;Nas is Coming&quot;, the album is flawless.  Of course, it's not on that Illmatic tip, but it's still hot.  &quot;The Message&quot; is probably one of his best songs along with &quot;I Gave You Power&quot;, &quot;Take It In Blood&quot;, and a few other joints.  This CD ranks behind Illmatic, Stillmatic, and Lost Tapes.  The production is a little different, but overall it's good.  His lyrics are deeper at times and the storytelling is on point.  Try not to knock the album for not being Illmatic pt. 2 and you'll realize how dope the album is.
B00000JY1X|4.0|I suspect a certain worldview is required to fully enjoy this album, the major component of which is an almost preternatural attraction to the weird and excessive. Fortunately I have that in spades, so when a drunken friend (in whose tastes I have great faith - he reccomended Pulp and Six Feet Under, after all) mentioned this doozy, I was intrigued enough to go out and buy it.<br />First of all, this album achieves two reasonably important things: it delivers exactly what it promises, and it does so with an almost frightening consistency. Any album with just shy of three full hours of music is bound to have some filler, but there's almost nothing here that doesn't work on at least some level, and a good third of the songs are actually great. That's more than some bands achieve in an entire career. <br />Musically speaking, this is a low-fi, indie pop album (read: it sounds like it was recorded in a basement - and that's a virtue). That said, it runs the gamut. 'Fido, Your Leash is Too Long' is an odd, synth-drenched, funky jam; 'A Chicken With Its Head Cut Off' is a sweet and lowdown number that draws on classic country influences; 'My Sentimental Melody' sounds like something They Might Be Giants would record in one of their softer moments (at least to me), 'Absolutely Cuckoo' is a four-part harmony vocal dubbed over a ukelele - and that's just a scratch on the surface of disc one. <br />From a lyrical point of view, these are all love songs, true. But love is a many splendored thing, isn't it? There are happy love songs ('Papa Was a Rodeo', for example, seems to expect rejection until it finds a shared experience), sad love songs ('I Don't Believe in the Sun' asks why everyone else seems happy when it's miserable after the loss of a lover), abstract, emotional love songs ('The Book of Love' is a rumination on the nature of the emotion itself), lustful leerings ('Underwear' claims there's nothing better than either sex in their ... well, underwear), etcetera, etcetera. To dissect every song would take a very LONG time, but you get the idea.<br />While each song has the same identifying overall aesthetic, a distinct variety is well achieved. It's this diversity that gives the album it's part of it's substantial appeal. Part of the joy of listening to this is just hearing each unique point of view back to back, trying to expect what's going to come next.<br />Stephen Merritt covers all this in a pleasant, ever-so-slightly slurred croon and with a pervasive sense of wry, somewhat self-depricating humor. The other vocalists all do a good turn when they come around, which happens often enough, but Merritt is the driving force, and he carries the project.<br />So, conclusions: I watch a lot of tv, and I listen to a lot of music. The former has miniaturized my attention span to that of a hyperactive squirrel and the latter has made me that much harder to impress. Yet I was not only able to sit down and listen to this entire album in one sitting, I was singing along (or trying to) by the second song on disc one. While it's true that this may not sit quite as comfortably on someone else's palate, odds are if you like pop music at all, you'll find at least a handful of tracks you'll like. And that's kind of the point - there's something for everyone. It's worth paying the price even if you end up distilling it down to one mixtape after a few listens. <br />By the way, this record can be purchased as three seperate discs, but I'd go ahead and get the box - the cumulative cost is about the same, and with the box you get a..um..box to keep the jewel cases in as well as an extensive booklet in which Merritt is interviewed about each song.<br />Overall, an immense artistic statement that succeeds incredibly well given it's mass. 9/10, or 4.5/5
B0001AP12G|3.0|First off, I'd just like to say that Kanye West is a great rapper that brings a breath of fresh air to an industry cluttered with pimps, hoes, whips, and ice. It's good to have somebody talk about something else for a change. Why the 3 stars, though? Well, like I said, it's not a great album. I gave it about a dozen listens before I came to this decision.<br />Out of the 21 tracks- most of which happen to be skits-, the only songs I can honestly say I enjoy listening to are We Don't Care, All Falls Down, Spaceship, Never Let Me Down, Slow Jamz, Through The Wire, Family Business, and Last Call. Some of the other songs are alright, like Jesus Walks, Get Em High, Breathe In Breathe Out, and Two Words, but I usually find myself skipping them when they come up. Other songs, like The New Workout Plan and School Spirit, seem to have no direction whatsoever and I don't think I'd ever listen to them again. As for the skits, there are just way too many. Some of them are pretty funny, but you know you have too many when some songs are followed by two skits in a row. ... and why didn't &quot;Keep The Receipt&quot; make the album?<br />Anyways, if this album didn't have so many skits and over two-thirds of the songs were hot, I'd give this a 4 or even 5. Overall, the album's prety good and I recommend it. It's worth your money..
B00013F35I|4.0|The only thing better was being there live.<br />I was at two of the Giants Stadium shows in the Summer of '03 and this DVD's setlist was pretty comparable to the lists of those two shows.  This DVD brought back the memories of those two hot summer nights with no problem.  Some people who have reviewed the DVD complained about the sound.  If you don't like crowd interaction, don't buy a live DVD.  The crowd plays a huge part in ANY concert experience, and the singalongs give me chills.  &quot;The Rising&quot; builds up and sets the concert up to be something amazing.  Other &quot;Can't-Miss&quot; include &quot;You're Missing&quot;, the always-catchy &quot;Badlands&quot;, the piano solo of &quot;Spirit of the Night&quot; where Bruce catches himself messing up the lyrics, &quot;Night&quot;, &quot;Ramrod&quot;, and &quot;Born to Run&quot; are also amazing.<br />I highly recommend this DVD to any Springsteen fan or fan of good music.
006054094X|4.0|I don't think it's worth getting too worked up about what some have called this book's revisionism. Sure, Menzies goes overboard at times, as when he asserts in the Postscript that &quot;Coronado's expedition met Chinese people in Tiguex&quot; with nary a &quot;might have&quot; in sight. But isn't it just as great a stretch to suggest, as historians have, that the east coast of Australia was charted for the first time by James Cook in 1769 after sailing about 12,000 miles, when for centuries there had been highly skilled Chinese mariners and cartographers just 2000 miles to the north?<br />Part of the great attraction of Menzies' writing is his exuberant imagination, which is all too rare in historians. On the other hand, his exuberance is tempered and his imagination is informed by a strict military discipline, formed during a career as navigator and commander in the British Royal Navy.<br />Whatever the Chinese may have discovered or charted in 1421--South America, North America, Australia, South Africa...(with a thousand ships gone for 2 years they must have found something) it's a fantastic story. Their felling of vast forests in China and Vietnam to build the fleet and the Forbidden City has obvious parallels to the megalomania of many governments today. Their fondness for a diet rich in vegetables which protected them from scurvy in 1421 (Cook thought sour kraut was the key) was evident still in the 19th century when they built the Central Pacific railroad through the High Sierra, and for that matter evident still on any Chinese restaurant menu today. <br />All in all a refreshing new look at the history of world exploration from a different angle.
B000026FOA|5.0|Can't add much to what has already been said by other reviewers. However, I did want to pass on tip that if you love Nick Drake's music you should check out the exceptional CD Four Songs by Alexi Murdoch--it almost sounds like Nick Drake reincarnated.
1400049628|5.0|This book is essential for the zombie hunter.  It is passed off as humor but I believe it is dead serious...when the dead rise there will be three categories of people: food, people who read this book as a parody and hence become food, or people like me who read this book and studied it as a vital survival tool who will turn the tide against the zombie horror.  I already have a Katana sword and a machete ready for immediate usage should flight to an undisclosed location become necessary, and my group of anti-zombie fighters is just as prepared should a Class 4 outbreak ever occur.<br />This book warrants multiple readings and absolutely should be counted as a vital survival guide...the stuff in here is just as useful as the Worst Case Scenario Survival Handbooks, and remember, people label them humor too (the first two are not, but they have gotten worse and worse as the series has progressed), and the attention to detail is outstanding.  My only question is the belief on the author's part that zombies can walk on the ocean floor...even granting they do not need to breathe or eat the pressure would crush them completely.  Thus, my flight location is an island; I won't reveal the location for fear of hordes of people descending and ruining it for my group.  All I know is that if and when the dead rise those who took this book for what it is, a dead serious (no pun intended) survival guide, will be completely equipped for fighting for the sake of saving humanity.
B0001AP12G|3.0|I love Track #4 all falls down that song is sick...Way to go Kanye and Syleena Johnson...I'm still getting used to the album but track #4 get 3 stars alone.
0060926317|4.0|I love it when people get upset about the facts vs the fiction involved. All I know and feel deep inside of me is that this book resonates. For all those stuck up people who see things otherwise, kudos to you: you'll be drowning in doubt until you open your heart and begin to look at things beyond the facts.<BR>Peace light and love.
B0000E6I1J|4.0|When George Harrison tragically passed away from cancer in November 2001, and all the tributes started pouring in from George's musical peers, I was very surprised to not read or see any tribute from one of George's closest friends---Eric Clapton. But then, later in 2002, I saw that Clapton organized an all-star tribute concert in George's memory on the one-year anniversary of his death. I was very touched to hear about it, but I was even more touched to finally *hear* it. Recorded live at the Royal Albert Hall on Nov. 29, 2002, &quot;The Concert For George&quot; is a marvelously heartfelt tribute to the late, great George Harrison. George loved the music of India, and Disc One of this 2-CD set contains the Indian music part of the show, featuring Ravi &amp; Anoushka Shankar, as well as a cameo from Jeff Lynne on &quot;The Inner Light.&quot; It's very, very beautiful. Disc Two is the main concert featuring Harrison's songs, both his Beatles and solo compositions, and it's full of mostly outstanding performances, including Clapton's rendering of &quot;If I Needed Someone,&quot; Jeff Lynne's &quot;Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth),&quot; Joe Brown's &quot;Here Comes The Sun,&quot; Billy Preston's &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; and &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; Ringo Starr's &quot;Photograph,&quot; and Paul McCartney's &quot;For You Blue,&quot; and McCartney's duets with Clapton on &quot;Something,&quot; and &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps.&quot; Also appreciated is Procol Harum's Gary Brooker on &quot;Old Brown Shoe,&quot; and Joe Brown's heartfelt ukelele finale that's guaranteed to bring a tear to your eye, &quot;I'll See You In My Dreams.&quot; Unfortunately, there are a few debits. Tom Petty's thin, nasal voice doesn't quite cut it on &quot;Taxman&quot; and &quot;I Need You,&quot; though he certainly tries (and I do acknowledge that he was a friend &amp; fellow &quot;Traveling Wilbury&quot; of Harrison's, so I suppose he had a right to be on the stage that night). Also disappointing is the ommission of comic performances by the members of Monty Python (whom Harrison was a huge fan of), and Sam Brown's performance of &quot;Horse To Water,&quot; which was reportedly a major highlight of the evening (I have not yet seen the DVD version of the concert, but I definitely plan to). But overall, this double live CD is as excellent a memorial to a great music legend as one could possibly ask for. &quot;The Concert For George&quot; is an absolutely touching, beautiful celebration of the life and music of George Harrison, a truly great artist who blessed the world with his great musical gifts.
0446310786|4.0|Hi. I am righting you about this book.  This is a good book for kids. It is a about this young girl who lives in a neighborhood where it is very racial.  She meets this young man named Dill.  She has a brother named Jem. Her dad is named Atticus and he is a lawyer.  He defends this man named Tom Robision.  He is acused of raping this girl named Mealla. Atticus honestly proves him not guilty.  In the end Tom goes to jail and tries to escape and doesn't make it. In the process of escaping he gets shot.
6305280762|4.0|Synopsis:<br />The world's tallest building is nearly complete and a dedication ceremony is held to commemorate it.  But the reception turns into a disaster, though it's not because of bad tuna.  An electrical fault caused by bad wiring (caused by contractor's cutting corners) creates a fire that threatens to consume all 100+ floors of the building.  It becomes a race against time to rescue the trapped guests before it's too late.<br />About the Movie:<br />The Towering Inferno is one of those films that stands as something of a landmark in film making.  The second great disaster film (after Poseidon Adventure), the Towering Inferno helped set the pace for all the big budget disaster films that were to come, both with its spectacular special effects and its cast of big names that includes the likes of Steve McQueen, Paul Newman, William Holden, Fay Dunnaway and Fred Astaire.<br />Even now, 30 years later, Towering Inferno still stands up pretty well despite its dated 1970s film conventions.  This longevity and appeal probably has something to do with the continued threat that fire poses to tall buildings.  Fear of fire is still an innate fear for people who work and live in tall buildings.  In a way, this movie has been eerily punctuated by the Twin Tower tragedy in 2001 and how fire took such a tragic toll.<br />But this isn't the only reason.  The Towering Inferno also has the distinction that it is simply an entertaining watch.<br />As far as an effects movie, Inferno's makes great use of model and pyrotechnic effects that still stand up fairly well, even against today's generation of computer enhanced imagery.  The fire and smoke sequences are pretty harrowing in some scenes and the overall sense of danger is easily conveyed.  Other sequences, including a harrowing helicopter rescue, are spectacular.<br />The cast of Inferno is about as star studded as you can get for that time period, though not all actors shine in roles.<br />Notable roles include that of the great Steve McQueen. A superior actor in any film, he really shines here as the matter of factly O'Hallorhan, a San Francisco Fire Chief.  He's utterly believable in the role, doing a lot to add credibility to the film's sometimes outlandish sequences. Notable too is Fred Astaire, who was actually nominated for an Academy Award for his role here as an elderly con artist trapped with the rest of the guests.<br />William Holden as the building's owner and Paul Newman as the building's architect, while neither flashy, both act as anchors for the film and give room for other actors to shine. Other roles include Richard Chamberlain in an atypical (and regrettably stereotypically selfish badguy) role for him as the movie's villain. Faye Dunnaway, Robert Vaughn and Robert Wagner also have major roles. This movie also has the distinction of being the first movie that O. J. Simpson had a major role in. He isn't too bad.<br />John Williams (of Star Wars fame) wrote the musical score for this movie, proving that even before Star Wars, his soundtracks were pretty good.  It has all of the earmarks of a John Williams score without being obvious about it like some of his later movies are. Certainly in this movie, it does a lot to add to the tension and mood.  It's not as memorable as Star Wars or ET, but it has its moments.<br />One major complaint that could be made about this movie is that it starts out so slowly, taking almost 40 minutes before any of the real action begins.  This film was made before MTV, and while it drags at the beginning, it can be forgiven as the long opening has the distinction of building up tension.  And the tension, once put on, holds true right through to the end sequences.<br />Likewise, another complaint could be made against Inferno is that it's filled with disaster movie clich&eacute;s.  While this may be true, it's not entirely fair to hold it against it.  Towering Inferno, along with Poseidon Adventure, created many of the disaster movie clich&eacute;s that live on today.<br />True, there are a lot of things about this movie that are hokey, like the stereotypical reason for the fire and a couple of the action sequences, but they don't detract from the entertainment factor, or the fact that even 30 years after it debuted, it still can hold an audience riveted.<br />About the DVD:<br />The Towering Inferno comes in standard hard case on a single-sided DVD in Widescreen format with Dolby Digital 5.1 sound or standard surround sound. The film has no foreign language tracks and has English and Spanish subtitles.<br />The picture in this release is above average. It's not as bad as you'd expect on a video cassette, but it's not as clean as it could have been on DVD, with some noticeable light grain on high resolution screens.  The sound is about average as well, though Dolby digital sound pulls out the wonderful power of William's sound track and the crackling of the flames.<br />As far as special features, this DVD has two that are pretty standard for budget DVD releases, the theatrical trailer and a list of cast biographies.  They're so standard, it's not accurate to call them special any more.<br />It's a shame there isn't more on this DVD.  At the time of this review's writing, this DVD release is the only one out there for this movie.  I know there have been documentaries and interviews done about this movie over the years. It would be fascinating to see them now 30 years after the movie was made, especially in respect to the special effects and Fred Astaire's somewhat surprising role.<br />Bottom Line: A fun movie on a budget DVD release. 4 starst live on today.  <br />True, there are a lot of things about this movie that are hokey, like the stereotypical reason for the fire and a couple of the action sequences, but they don't detract from the entertainment factor, or the fact that even 30 years after it debuted, it still can hold an audience riveted.<br />About the DVD:<BR>The Towering Inferno comes in standard hard case on a single-sided DVD in Widescreen format with Dolby Digital 5.1 sound or standard surround sound. The film has no foreign language tracks and has English and Spanish subtitles.<br />The picture in this release is above average. It's not as bad as you'd expect on a video cassette, but it's not as clean as it could have been on DVD, with some noticeable light grain on high resolution screens.  The sound is about average as well, though Dolby digital sound pulls out the wonderful power of William's sound track and the crackling of the flames.<br />As far as special features, this DVD has two that are pretty standard for budget DVD releases, the theatrical trailer and a list of cast biographies.  They're so standard, it's not accurate to call them special any more.<br />It's a shame there isn't more on this DVD.  At the time of this review's writing, this DVD release is the only one out there for this movie.  I know there have been documentaries and interviews done about this movie over the years. It would be fascinating to see them now 30 years after the movie was made, especially in respect to the special effects and Fred Astaire's somewhat surprising role.<br />Bottom Line: A fun movie on a budget DVD release. 4 stars
0393037010|2.0|I had recently read every Horatio Hornblower book and was quite excited to tackle all the Master and Commander books. However, I found Master and Commander to be far less accessible and enjoyable to read. First, I am up on all my nautical terms. Second, I have an advanced degree and am more than used to reading complicated subject matter. Though I appreciate the more gritty realistic edge to Master, I think it falls far short of Hornblower based purely and solely on writing alone. <br />In Master and Commander the dialog is just plain weird, NOT in terms of the terminology, but in the constant shifting of topics of discussion between the characters. In a similar way scenes also shift without warning and it all adds up to a very confusing and less than satisfying read. If you really want a sea tale and to be taken away to live in the world of the Royal British Navy, go read Hornblower and/or see the DVDs for both Hornblower and Master and Commander!
B000002H92|5.0|Ahhhh...forget all the greatest hits albums...this is the Doors...(a)live and irreverent the way they were !!!  This album does a great job of splicing together some classic shows !!  All the magic and energy is packed into this 2 cd set and served up the way it was intended....LIVE....this is history boys and girls...rock's history !!  You get all your favorites....Roadhouse, Light My Fire, The End, Backdoor Man, Five to One, Love Me 2 Times, etc....but you also get Jim waxing poetically in front of a live audience..remember \\"Ode to a Grasshopper ?!?!\\"....you become part of the scene as the band winds you through some incredible jams as Jim stirs your mind and your soul !!  Light some candles and grab someone special...dim the lights and enjoy the show !!  A must have for any Doors fan (I was replacing a lost/stolen cd) and a great place to start for anyone wanting to learn more about the Doors !!
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kanye West first try damn near makes a classic. Make no mistakes, this is and will be one of the strongest releases in 2004. <br />As everyone already knows, its no secret that West is a gifted beatsmith/producer but is he good enough to hold a mic as well? That depends on whom you ask: most people are too quick to write him off as having an identity crisis. He's good enough to hold his own and considering most of the garbage on the radio (Yin Yang Twins, Lil John, Chingy), Kanye West looks like the second coming of Rakim.<br />I'm not even gonna bother discussing Slow Jamz, everyone knows its hot. Most of the CD is very listenable, even the skits. West's Hip hop soul fuses the album together, and really shines on We Don't Care, Last Call, Spaceship. By the end of the album, you feel like you get to know Kanye as person, from industry constantly rejecting his rap career to his views on religion. <br />The only track that truly disappoints is \\"Get Em High\\" which is a misuse of two high caliber M.C.s reverting to clich lines. Every album seems to be required to have at least one track with smoked out rhymes, and it feels rather formulaic on an album that isn't. <br />However Kanye prides himself on his lack of education and mocks the system so he can attempts to assert his coolness yet it comes off as, &quot;I WASN'T HARDCORE ENOUGH TO DROP OUT OF HIGHSCHOOL BUT I DROPPED OUT COLLEGE WHICH ACTUALLY IS WORTHWHILE; SEE I'M IGNORANT AND COOL... I'M FROM THE STREETS YO.\\" Some of it is done with a serving of sarcasm but either way, West just comes off as stupid. Anyone can drop out of college, but not anyone can finish. It'd be a much more against the grain for West to actually be pro-higher learning. Oh well, there's always next album and least we got some good listening material to start off the year.
B0000W3YIS|4.0|I've never been a Britney fan. Everytime someone mentioned her music I would think &quot;yuck&quot;. But then, when this new CD came out, I decided to get rid of those thoughts. <BR>I was at the music store and decided to give it a try. I had heard it was not having commercial success so something was wrong. Turned out Britney Spears had grown and this album proved it.<BR>It's a blend of new sounds and grooves. Nothing like her previous albums.<br />Forget all you thought you knew about this woman. Get rid of that prejudice! Even if you're not a fan of Britney you should listen to this album at least once! Then you're free to judge.
B000000W5N|5.0|I agree with dirty mac... &quot;Can't You Hear Me Knockin&quot; should not have been left off &quot;40 Licks.&quot;  In my opinion, it is the baddest of the bad in their entire catalog... it is one of the most masterful pieces of music in rock history... breathtaking the first time it's heard for true music lovers.<br />This is the bad boys at their best... get it if you don't have it... one of the best rock/blues albums ever.
B00005JMTN|5.0|Big Fish, is a wonderful movie, with awsome visuals and a lot of love in the telling of it.<BR>It is the story of Edward Bloom, a big fish, who came out of his small pond to see the world.  Now his time has come to move on from this world to the next.  His son, Will (Billy Crudup)is tired of the old stories that his father has been telling him and others for years.  Growing up believeing that either his father was crazy, or had to make up a whole other world, because he was unhappy with his own.  <BR>We are taken on the glourious journey of Edward Blooms life, from Birth, to death.  All told with amazing visuals, the colors and the scenery, give the whole movie a feel of wimsey and a child like wonder.  A wonder that even the older Ed Bloom (Al Finney) still maintains.  <BR>It shows, how even though somethings sound too outrageous to be true, that it just might be true.  To never loose your childlike sense of wonder, and I personally think to listen to those strange tales you hear from your own loved ones. <BR>It is a wonderful childrens movie and a wonderful movie for adults.  It has some great actors. Ewan McGregor and Al Finney play Edward Bloom.  Jessica Lange and Alison Lohman, play Sandra Timpleton, Billy Crudup as Will.  Also, Robert Guillaume, Helena Bohnam Carter, Danny DeVito, and Steve Buscemi.  Buscemi was hillarious in this movie.  <BR>It is definetly a mush see.
B00014NE62|5.0|Thank God \\"Maurice\\" is finally coming to DVD, as my video copy has completely worn out! Forester captured the English Class sensibility so well (and has provided the inspiration for so many fine films) but he struggled mightily with this, his one true novel of what it meant to be a gay man in that turbulent time just prior to World War I, and the team of Merchant/Ivory bring the story to intense and surprisingly erotic life in this beautifully crafted and acted film. James Wilby could not be better as Maurice. both he and Hugh Grant (before his later fame) invest the central characters with wit and angst, and ultimately with redemption. And Rupert Graves is simply astonishing as Scudder. What a wonderful, fearless portrayal! (For another magnificent Graves performance watch \\"Different For Girls\\". This Guy can ACT!) You don't have to be gay to appreciate this truly classic story, it touches universal emotions. Add it to your collection Today!
B00005JKWJ|4.0|The drawing of comparisons between this film and its predecessor is almost inevitable, and probably a mistake, but we'll go there anyway.  Blade II is bloodier than Blade; Blade II has more action than Blade; Blade II has better composition and effects than Blade; Blade II has a more complex storyline than Blade, yet I still am somewhat partial to the original.  <br />Under the directorial guidance of Guillermo del Toro, we get to see a lot more action and a lot more blood spilled, particularly by the &quot;super vampires&quot; that Blade and the rest of the vampire crew join forces to hunt down.  Although one can almost place bets on the order in which the vampires accompanying Blade will die at the hands of the super vampires, the film still is suspenseful and holds back a few plot twists.<br />The two things I noticed most were del Toro's penchant for over-contrived CG action shots, some of which looked a bit cartoonish, and the completely different feel del Toro evoked.  Where Norrington relied heavily on a more monochromatic gray-black feel with touches of green and blue, del Toro plays more in the red-orange visual spectrum.  This, plus the Prague setting, gives Blade II a very different feel than Blade.<br />I didn't find a great deal of interesting material in the second disc, but the director's commentary is interesting (and amusing) enough to listen to if you can get through del Toro's thick accent.  Particularly funny is his description of an edit that was made to a scene after women's groups complained.  Also of interest is that the scene in question (which occurs in a private room at an adult store) is reminiscent of another David Goyer-scripted scene from Crow: City of Angels.<br />From his commentary, you can tell that del Toro had some dark, messy fun making this film, and that is evident in the splatter-fest that ensues.  Did I mention that del Toro is also less subtle with the gore than Norrington?  Bottom line: equal parts monster and action flick, Blade II delivers in either genre.
B00004TJKB|5.0|I was never a major Bill Murray fan -- I associated him with that awful &quot;Saturday Night Live.&quot; I somehow always thought &quot;Groundhog Day&quot; was a dopey sort of movie -- maybe because of its title.<br />One day back in September, it was playing in the video store while I was browsing for something worthy to take home. I didn't even look at the screen -- just after hearing two or so minutes of the dialogue, I snatched it off the shelf and marched to the counter.<br />I am not ashamed to admit I saw this wonderful, charming, delightful, charming, endearing, CHARMING (yes, I wrote &quot;charming&quot; three times, because that is the overriding adjective that describes it) movie about 50 times that September, and I would say it ranks as perhaps one of my 20 favorite films of all time. (And I'm not young, and I've seen a fair amount of movies.)<br />If CHARMING appeals to you, and you haven't seen this movie, well, what the heck are you waiting for, GO GET IT!
0780624890|5.0|OK, so maybe I am a sucker for dark, comic book heroes, but Blade definitely works in the context of a popcorn movie.  Sure, it's somewhat predictable and definitely relies on style more than substance, but when Blade decides he's going to kill some vampires, it's just plain fun to watch.  We're not talking about high art here, just a good, American action movie.  The action sequences are brilliantly choreographed and really showcase Wesley Snipes' talents in the martial arts.  When Blade wields his samurai-style sword, silver stakes, and monster handgun, you can bet that a bunch of vampires will be reduced to CG dust in a hurry.<br />The area in which the otherwise good film is weakest is its casting.  Apart from Snipes as Blade and Kris Kristofferson as a suitably crusty Whistler with a profane remark for every occasion, the rest of the casting is somewhat uninspired.  <br />N'Bushe Wright just doesn't seem to fit the largely underdeveloped lead female role, and Stephen Dorff is unintentionally comedic as a scrawny vampire with aspirations of becoming a god.  In listening to the commentary track, one gets the sense that Dorff also did not get along well with Snipes, and that could be the reason that their on-screen chemistry doesn't always work. Donal Logue adds some intentional comic relief, however, and Traci Lords makes a brief appearance in the introductory sequence before being reduced to dust by Blade.<br />The special effects are above average except for a few poorly done green screen composites, and the disc contains some interesting special features, including a partially completed alternate ending.  <br />Sadly, New Line released the film and features on disc in one of those god-awful cases that are out of proportion with the keep cases that the rest of the civilized world uses.<br />Again, though, this viewer is willing to overlook many of these shortcomings because of the way the movie so seamlessly meshes a believable vampire subculture with the origin story of a heroic yet flawed protagonist with ample action to satisfy most any horror/action guilty pleasure seekers.  Definitely a bit of dark fun for those who can stand the profuse blood.
B0001AP158|5.0|Love this DVD. The concert itself is fantastic. Love the way the guys redid the songs. I especially love this version of LIVING ON A PRAYER. My other favorites hereinclude I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU, BAD MEDICINE( love how bluesy this sounds(yum).<BR>I love the 2nd DVD also. Watching the Hyde Park clips brings back great memories of last summers concerts. The interviews,pictures and all the other things on this DVD makes it worth the money. BON JOVI rocks!!!!!!!
B0000CFW87|5.0|I picked up this CD after hearing a co-worker talk about how awesome Josh's voice is.  She was so right.  The music is so soothing, uplifting, and moving; and Josh's clear and soft (but powerful) voice just sweeps you away.  Two of my favorites are Si Volvieras a Mi and Oceano.  I can't believe that anyone who is only 22 years old can sing so beautifully in several different languages.  This CD is wonderful!
B0000DJZA5|5.0|[...]  The \\"Let It Be\\" I've enjoyed for the last 30 years is too indelibly etched to be supplanted by this effort.  Having said that, I'll add this is very enjoyable, most notably the spectacular sound.  This is their best-sounding release since the 5.1 surround version of the \\"Yellow Submarine\\" DVD and the companion soundtrack CD.  My only real complaint is that some of the tracks (\\"The Long And Winding Road\\", \\"I've Got A Feeling\\", \\"Don't Let Me Down\\", et al) included here are not 'stripped down' versions of the tracks on the original album as advertised.  They are, instead, alternate takes.  They're wonderful and complete, evidence of the way-too-many takes they recorded during these sessions, but they are simply not as billed.  But any fan should be happy to have them (or at least to have them legitimately and legally, rather than bootlegged--these sessions have been downloadable for years.) My only other complaint is the deletion of a few tracks from the original, and the removal of the band patter between tracks.  To be sure, this was included in the original to give a sense of the \\"live\\" feel they were originally aiming for, and much of it was 'created' in editing.  It was still enjoyable though, and this new release feels somewhat lacking for its absence.  But this is still a great album.  The overlooked \\"For You Blue\\" is perfect.  Here are 4 seasoned professionals just cooking together.  \\"I Me Mine\\" is fabulous.  \\"Across The Universe\\" is pure.  The backing vocals on \\"Let It Be\\" are spine tingling.  This is an expensive package, but it is not overpriced.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Bill Murray needs to be put out of his misery, and stop acting. This movie was not only racist, boring and horrible, it was racist boring and horrible.<br />The only reason everyone is saying it is so awesome is because everyone else is praising it. This movie needs to be shot and put out of its misery!!!!
B00008GKEG|5.0|Even if they bought the $110 VHS version of this a few years ago, any Beatle fan must own this as well.  Just the all-too-brief snippets of the (then) 3 survivors together again are enough to make this set worthwhile.  How sad to see them together, old men, with a gaping hole right in the middle of them.  John's absence in those scenes is overwhelming.  You could feel how difficult it must have been, especially for Ringo, who seems to be them most openly emotional of the four.  Imagine how much more the Anthology series could have been if John had been alive to participate...imagine what &quot;Free As A Bird&quot; and &quot;Real Love&quot; might have been.  I've tried to watch this from the perspective of someone today, or even years from now, who knows nothing of The Beatles other than as a historical reference.  From that vantage, it is possible to get a feel for why they've been so significant to pop culture, but this is really designed for fans.  My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that my constant hunger for &quot;Take 1's&quot; and backing tracks is only partially sated with this set.  I long for the day when every single minute of recorded Beatles tape is available, perhaps digitally, unedited and untouched.  I'm hoping in my lifetime we all get the chance to purchase every single track of every minute they ever recorded.  For the truly afflicted fan like myself, the ability to effectively roll a tape they made on a given day, from the start to finish, is an ultimate dream.
B000002UAU|5.0|Does the world really need another review of this album?  Probably not, but I will add my two cents, anyway.  As most people are probably aware, this album always ranks at or near the top of any poll taken about the greatest albums of all time.  There is a good reason for that, because this album is a masterpiece.  Is it the Beatles best album?  Maybe yes, maybe no.  It's hard to say, because the Beatles have 5 or 6 other albums that are contenders for &quot;Greatest Album of All Time&quot;.  There isn't really a consensus among Beatles fans as to what their best album is.  Anyway, this album definitely belongs in every serious music fan's collection.
0792839730|5.0|The praises of this marvelous film have been expressed well by other reviewers, I would just like to make a few points-<BR>(1)  I realize that Field Marshal Montgomery comes out looking<BR>bad from this film and his reputation is very poor in the United States, but the plan for Operation Market Garden, coming from such a cautious commander was very bold, and if the war could have been brought to and end in 1944, hundreds of thousands of lives would have been saved.  Eisenhower and political echelons were aware there were risks, but they were willing to take them in order to try to end the war as soon as possible.  The fact is that most commanders have their setbacks and Montgomery was NOT sacked after Market Garden, so those in charge realized that he was not the bumbling fool that many portray him as.  However, the question remains why so little time was allotted for the preparations-perhaps the Allies were aware that German defenses were firming up as the Wehrmacht was retreating to the borders of the homeland.<BR>(2) General Browning is portrayed as someone supremely overconfident, yet in reality, it was he who expressed the view that perhaps they were going a &quot;Bridge too Far&quot;<BR>(3)  I found the following scenes especially moving-the 504 Parachute Regiment (part of the US 82nd Airborne) crossing the river (scene with Robert Redford) in small boats, many of the troops paddling with their rifles in the face of murderous German fire and yet succeeding to reach the other side, reminiscent of Pickett's Charge at Gettysburg;  the Polish paratroopers dropping right into a German-controlled area and being killed even before they hit the ground; and, of course,<BR>Lt Col Frost's valiant defense with units of the British First Airborne Division of one end of Arnhem Bridge, and his stubborn pride, even after being captured.<br />In this troubled time we live in, this film will serve as a reminder of the price that has to be paid from time to time in order for thefree world to maintain that freedom.
0385504209|3.0|Although I do consider the underlying &quot;truths&quot; in this book somewhat simplistic, I do appreciate the &quot;reverse discrimination&quot; effect it achieves on challenging what I do believe are patriarchal consipiracies, power plays, and &quot;mistruths&quot; disseminated by orthodox religions, particulary the Catholic Church.  Why would the Priory of Sion &quot;worship Mary Magdalane as the Divine Mother, and Goddess&quot;?, when one of the &quot;truths&quot; that they believed is that Jesus was only mortal, and himself not &quot;God&quot;, but only elevated to that state by Constantine.  Why didn't Constantine simply eradicate ALL references to Magdalane in the Bible, as though she never existed, if she was such a threat?  Why does the Priory adopt some truths in the Constantine version of the Bible, such as Jesus'royal lineage, for example, but selectively discount other information in the same book?  Furthermore, the theories in this book have been exposed for decades, and are nothing new, and yet the Church has not been &quot;devastated.&quot; Yes, I do believe that Mary Magdalane was a noble pure woman of royal blood, that she was herself the actual &quot;rock&quot; the Jesus wanted his &quot;church&quot;, for lack of a better word, to be built on, and that she did have the progeny as suggested in this book, and hidden gospels.  I would love to see an Alpha female as the pope, and alpha female priests, and the &quot;Goddess&quot; find her rightful place within the vatican, and perhaps in the renaissance of the divine feminine someday, she will, in some form or another.  If this book facilitates the swing of the pendulum, and clears Mary's name and honor, as it does, then even though it is by no means a flawless book, it is worth reading.
B0000AKY7O|4.0|Welcome gets four, not five, stars for this reason only: it is the second part of what is, in retrospect, a three-album documentation of Carlos Santana's period with the guru Sri Chinmoy. This period began with Caravanserai, followed by Welcome then Borboletta. To appreciate Santana's growth during this period, one must take these three albums together as a single body of work (and Columbia should consider a special release in which they are packaged that way). <br />The Caravanserai-Welcome-Borboletta triple play was a departure from the initial Santana incarnation that began with Santana's debut (Evil Ways, Jingo, etc.)and ended amid the tension and hard feelings that surrounded the recording of Santana III (Everybody's Everything, No One to Depend On, et. al.). The highlight of that debut period was Abraxas. <br />But unlike Caravanserai, Welcome and Borboletta (actually 4, 5, and 6 in the complete Santana discography), only one of the early Santana albums are today necessary, and that is, of course, Abraxas. <br />Not so Caravanserai, Welcome and Borboletta, and though they have never been champions in terms of numbers of albums sold, they collectively represent sustained vision and Santana's best work. Each are vital for those interested in Carlos Santana's career, one that would sputter soon thereafter (the music would flare to molten intensity at times as Amigos and Moonflower would prove). The result was a perplexing and maddening two-decade slump that did not end until the release of Supernatural, finally a full-force achievement in terms of artistic clarity and mature pop music vision.<br />One wonders if Carlos Santana will ever create as audaciously again.
B000002IZM|5.0|I too compose movie soundtracks but not like the greats (David Paich) (Hans Zimmer) and (Vangelis) it is the greatest inspirations listenung to these great composers especially the Blade Runner Sound track way ahead of its time
0375704027|5.0|Wow! I was completely enchanted by this lyrical novel. The character development is outstanding and the mood really grabs you and gives the words a sense of depth and intense presence. <br />Toru Watanabe is a young man coming into his own and deciding how to live. He does choose to live though, when so many others around him are choosing to die. It is powerful to see his struggles to \\"wind his spring\\" as so much comes crashing down around him and he deals with the monotony of life. <br />He is torn between two loves, until Reiko shows him that it is wonderful to be able to love at all, it is a gift, and that he should not feel bad for loving two women. Naoko and he have a relationship on the edge of life and death which intoxicates him and draws him to her. Midori is an amazing character (I absolutely loved her!) and so full of life that it helps keep him connected to the living world. <br />I especially enjoyed how sex was used in such creative ways. Sex was used to help us identify with the characters, to illuminate the difference between flesh and soul, to illustrate the frustrations of growing up, to form a friendship, to share passion, just to be alive! <br />This book did remind me of the Japanese version of The Catcher in the Rye, and Toru does read that novel quite often. There is just something about this book that transcends language and explanation. I loved this book and will definitely enjoy reading it again! A must read!
B000002LND|2.0|A collection thats anything but immaculate, and here's why.<br />Every song on here has been tampered with, and no, these are NOT THE RADIO/VIDEO EDITS NOR THE LP VERSIONS. All of the songs have been changed, with some instrumentation tuned down and some tuned up, some verses cut here and there, some different mixes, and so on. <br />BORDERLINE was unjustly butchered on this album, glossed over in muddy synth echo effects and drowning in Q-Sound technology, completely unlike the clear, fresh 7&quot; video mix I grew up loving.<br />CHERISH has a full verse cut, VOGUE and LIKE A PRAYER are ridiculously over-long when that space could have been used for songs like TRUE BLUE, DRESS YOU UP, and ANGEL which are nowhere to be found!!<br />Not all of the IMMACULATE COLLECTION is bad, in fact I thought a great mix job was done with PAPA DON'T PREACH, OPEN YOUR HEART, and LIVE TO TELL. The mix here of HOLIDAY sounds more up-to-date compared to the original. <br />But my advice would be to collect the import singles and albums and make your own Madonna compilation!
0596000480|3.0|This a very decent reference and so-so tutorial of JavaScript. If you're doing JavaScript you definitely need this definitive guide, definitely.
0792838068|5.0|The 2 viewers who talked about how 'boring' and 'lame' this movie is and the crack about 'getting to AA'--you're completely missing the point of the movie. Perhaps you should stick to the simpler stuff. The POINT of the movie is not about alcoholism, it is about total acceptance of one another--a trait that few people in life seem to master well, (even with people without the issues that the characters Ben and Sera have). Yes, it is sad and I wouldn't advise someone to watch it if they're depressed--but the performances of Cage and Shue are incredible and touching. It is a powerful movie which reflects true unconditional, albeit tragic, love.
B000089RVX|3.0|Hot off their Grammy wins, Evanescence played at the Wiltern in Los Angeles and I was invited to go with a friend.  I sought out and got a copy of the cd so I could hear them a few times before going to see them live.<br />I did listen to the album a couple times before seeing them play, and I did like some of the songs.  Normally this isn't my type of music, it's too loud and obnoxious for my tastes, but I'm going to rate it based on the quality I felt was there and give it a three star review.<br />Basically the songs have too much in common, once you've heard a couple, you've sort of heard them all, but there is a beauty and power to Amy's voice, and the shame comes when you realize that you only really get to hear it once in awhile because the rest of the band is so loud.<br />Now it's not my place to criticize or critique people's tastes, so that's not my point here, but to say that if you're looking for powerful, sexy female vocals, like Dido you'll not find it here because the type of music it is, not because Amy doesn't have an outstanding voice.<br />During the concert she did give the other players a rest and sat at the piano to \\"try something new\\".  The crowed cheered and she had the sense of humor to tell us that we \\"don't even know what you're cheering for\\".  Well it was the best part of the concert in my opinion, we got to hear a bit of her voice without her having to scream over the top of the other music and it was at times hauntingly beautiful.  Maybe more of this in the future will make me a fan of her music, but as for now, while I respect the quality I just don't care that much for the genre.
B00005QGAX|5.0|This is by far, the best M.J.album ever!!!!!!!!! &quot;BAD&quot; contains the best cuts ever relaesed from the King of Pop. &quot;Bad,&quot; &quot;Smooth Criminal,&quot; &quot;Dirty Diana,&quot; &quot;Speed Demon,&quot; &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel,&quot; &quot;Another Part Of Me.&quot; This album also contains &quot;Leave Me Alone,&quot; M.J. lashes out at the media here. &quot;Man In The Mirror,&quot; another great song, this talks about making the right decision. If you buy any album by the King Of Pop, this is the one!!!! Total 5 stars. If i could I would give it even more.
0446677450|5.0|Almost 4 years since I read the book, and the financial revolution in my life is ongoing, based on ideas I took from this book.<BR>Very recommended!
B00005JLK1|2.0|This movie was so lame. Was not scary AT all, and also the ghosts were harmless. I gave it a 2 becasue the scene in the beginging was awsome, with the barbed wire. Other than that, the movie was boring and not scary at all
0385504209|5.0|If your not a NON FICTION book reader and not aquinted with the recent historical, anthropological, and scientific discoveries of the Holy Grail/Jesus Mystery throughout the last 20 years, Da Vinci code does a nice job concising this information for you wrapped around a good story.<br />This book may surely turn off the die-hard Religious types out there but they too should read this with an open mind.  If the book is offensive to you in anyway, there is a good 'out' for you to take, just remember to classify it as fiction in your mind and that should make it a bit easier for you to read.<br />The story is very good where the action never lets up.  The author does a good job of incorporation fact within his fictional characters.  The characters are developed well and the story builds to a climax.<br />The book is a good way to bring a conterversial topic to the mainstream.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|Avenged Sevenfold's sophomore album, Waking the Fallen, is a new collection of classic metal riffs with almost eeringly grungy guitar solos.  The harmony's rule and their singer, Synyster Gates, has to be one of the best singers in the metal industry today.  He does it all.  Screams, growls, sings, harmonizes, everything.  For those of you who enjoy rocking drums, with fiery intensity and flying double kicks, then the Reverend will kick your ass.  All of you out there who enjoy beautiful harmonies that possess a certain tone of beauty and heaviness combined, well, you've just found your new favorite band.  With songs on the album such as Unfoly Confession, Chapter Four, Remenissions, And All Things Will End and with a little help from Godsmack producer, Mudrock, Avenged Sevenfold have proved themselves metal geniuses in this metalhead's books.  A perfect metal album.
B0000AOV85|4.0|I'm a long-time fan of The Floyd, and it was a great surprise to find this DVD in my xmas stocking.  I knew it was a documentary with some additional footage (for those of you who thought it was a concert.... try reading the jacket, DOH!), but I was very pleased to find the clips of Gilmour, Waters and Wright playing their parts of different tunes in the studio.  <br />As a guitarist, I was able to sit down with the DVD and learn the RIGHT way to play these tunes (all that internet tab is wrong!).  Very cool.<br />Dark Side of The Moon is iconic, both the music and the lyrics. An absolute masterpiece that has stood the test of time.<BR>Not to mention what is perhaps the very first usage of a sample/loop in modern music. <BR> <BR>I was pretty shocked though to see how the boys in the band have aged on the DVD, particularly Gilmour.  Waters looks damn good for his age though... kind of like Richard Gere.  :) <br />One more thing...  there's a scene when Wright is explaining the composition of &quot;Us and Them&quot; on the piano.  He plays a particular chord a couple of times and says &quot;I like that chord&quot;.  His accent and the way he says it totally reminded me of Nigel in Spinal Tap.  :)<br />All in all, a great DVD for Floyd fans who want to know more about the making of Dark Side of the Moon.  I'm giving it four stars only and not five because I would have liked to see some old concert footage in there as well.  But you can't have everything...
B0001AP12G|5.0|Nice album by kanye, the featured cats could have been better i don't like freeway at all.  The whole album has good songs, workout plan and skits are kind of wack.  If you got rid of those tracks, possibly best of the year.  I have feelings the Rakim CD will be the best of the year, but this was mad nice.  Kanye's lyrics are decent for where he is coming from, he's not your normal ill emcee, you just have to except him for him, because it's him unlike these wack commercial rappers, who put on an act.   He put up nice stuff, beautiful release kanye:<br />Fav tracks:<BR>we dont care<BR>never let me down<BR>two words<BR>family business<BR>jesus walks.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Her most amazing album to date. She shows you pop music on all levels. An album full of inspiration, empowerment, and meaningful songs with messages.
0375751513|4.0|Picture of Dorian Gray is a very sinful, witty, humorous and beautiful book. This has got to be Wilde's most personal work, one can tell from the writing itself that Wilde really put himself into these pages or maybe what he wanted to become. The tale of Dorian and the tale of Wilde have the same kind of \\"tragic ending\\" to it. Wilde's downfall of being accused of homosexuality and Dorian no longer being able to bear the pain of his acts and conducts bring tragic endings to their lives. I think that every person has or has had for a certain amount of time the wish to stay forever young and beautiful, the burden of time not affecting you at all but something else, in Dorian's case, it was the painting, anyways I'm rambling on and on, do read this book, it's 2:00 am right now and I have a Physics exam tomorrow, today actually, anyway, do read it, it's enjoyable, funny, touching and everything else that a good novel should be.
6305313687|4.0|American history x is an inspiring movie that shows how people change their ways. Edward Norton was first a black hating nazi who killed other races or fun, then on his trip to prison, he learns that not everyone is the same. I still hate the fact that racism is still going on around the world but what i hate even more is these movies motivating people to kill each other. This movie was 'educational' and showed me there is more to life then judging. Two thumbs up for this movie. I just hope one day that this world can live in peace instead of war.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Beatles 1 is a good sampling of the early years as it has lots of songs from the 1962-1965 period and none from Rubber Soul or Sgt. Pepper.  From the Beatles later years, there a few good songs, including Get Back and Hey Jude.  Generally OK.
B00003CWNR|5.0|Tobey Maguire always plays an excellent role that make his movies classics. This is an example of how serious an actor like tobey can be. An aspiring tale of love, hate, drama, comedy and hope. This movie will keep you wanting more. 10/10.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|This soundtrack to the Lord of the Rings is amazing. Every song has a unique quality, but you can tell that it is from the movie. There is this sense of magick and loss. In the song &quot; The Steward of Gondor&quot; when pip is singing, it is truly amazing. &quot;Into the West&quot; is another wonderful track, which was nominated for at least one grammy award. This will definitely be worth your money!
B00018D44U|2.0|I find the new CD to be the same old stuff.  While some of the <BR>songs are potentially 'exciting' I find that Norah's voice alone can not carry it off. I find the back up group rather lame! Her new CD back up music is so vastly inferior to her performance with The Peter Malick Group. In that CD Norah's voice combined with the groups superior performance produced a very special sound.  If you are into POP like Celine Dion, Dianna Krall etc., I guess Norah's CD ok. I look for MUSIC first then voice !
0061015725|3.0|I gave this book three stars. Why? Because, assuming you've read some prior Crichton novels (I've read almost all of them) and like his &quot;science&quot; thrillers, you'll either like &quot;Prey&quot; a lot or dislike it a lot, depending on whether or not 500 or so &quot;F&quot; words in the dialogue offend you.<br />It offends me so much I'll likely never buy another Crichton novel. My two teenaged sons (ages 17 and 13) have seen many of his movies, read his books, and not being overly offended in the past, I blindly purchased this paperback and let two sons, and my wife, read it first. Then my wife comes to me and says, &quot;This is one great story about nanotechnology, but the language is absolutely &quot;terrible&quot;.  Belatedly, I then read the book and find she's right and embarrassed my sons have read it.<br />So: I enjoyed the story. A lot. I'd give it five stars if it omitted the most offensive profanity! Whether you'll like this Crichton novel a lot or be offended will in my opinion, be based on your sensitivity to profanity.<br />So be cautioned.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Madonna is the best artist of the world, shes very amazing in this album, mi favorite songs are: nothing fails, mother and father and american life
B00008EY9G|3.0|The big problem with reviews of &quot;Identity&quot; is that some people seem to want to blithely give away the big twist in the movie, which partially spoils it for viewers. After all, figuring out why all of these people are stuck at a rained-in motel in the middle of nowhere, and who is killing them and why, is the main focus of the film.<br />Much like &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; - with which it shares high production values and a desire to be more than just a thriller - once the audience has determined the twist - which some audience members may do as soon as the opening credits, or even from the trailer - the film loses a lot of its tension and has to be carried by the strength of its execution.<br />In the case of &quot;Identity,&quot; this means watching a relatively strong cast acting out somewhat underwritten parts, but for the most part, they ably rise to the challenge. John Cusack does an excellent job as always, although this part is both more serious and darker than his usual fare. More interestingly, Amanda Peet gets the chance to stretch her wings, never having had an opportunity to play more than just an object of desire in a motion picture, and she does extremely well, showing that she's capable of much more with future parts.<br />Recommended to fans of &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; and other smarter thrillers.
B00006IU73|5.0|Music is my fuel for life!  I was supremely interested in obtaining this album after hearing that Steve Wilson was at the helm.  Thanks to his brothers-in-arms from Opeth, Porcupine Tree is being recommended here at Amazon.com with every one of their fine albums.  That's how I heard of &quot;In Absentia.&quot;  Opeth has definitely rubbed off on Steve Wilson, for many of the songs here resonate with hints of Opeth's &quot;Damnation&quot; and touches of &quot;Blackwater Park.&quot;  This album is like Radiohead-meets-Opeth with jazz and 70s Progressive Rock influences.  This CD is absolutely addicting.  As per usual, Steve Wilson's production is amazing!  The music here is truly a remarkable experience. Outstanding!
B0000CEB62|4.0|After reading some other reviews and due to the fact the whole concert was not on this release, I had just about made up my mind not to buy this. After watching my old VHS copy the other night, I changed my mind. I'm glad I did. The bonus disc in this release makes it very worth the money. Pennebaker's interviews with the band were priceless. The changes that each of the members have gone through over the years really made you realize how much time had passed. I can't believe it's been 15 years! Dave has settled down, Martin looks like the average family man and Fletch, well, is still Fletch. Ironically I even enjoyed the interviews with the tour bus kids. I agreed with Martin that at first I didn't really care for them in the film (I hated how I had to fast forward through the tape all the time), now I see some of the value it did add. The bonus concert feature is still heavily edited, but we are treated to 'Somebody' and 'Pleasure Little Treasure' (notice how some girl storms up on stage and races at Dave). If you still find yourself wanting to skip all the escapades, it will come in handy.<br /><br />The only negatives I found were, for one, the picture quality of the movie was somewhat grainy. My VHS copy has a better picture. Also of course, we don't get the show from start to finish, and probably never will. Blows my mind how such important footage could be lost forever. At least we will always have the CD release and like someone else said, we get about 80% of the concert. I would also add I am disappointed Alan didn't take part. I've always admired and respected his work, especially with the band. I think this was a tad petty. At least he should tell people why.<br /><br />At any rate kudos to Chris and D.A. for their hard work in making all this happen. True Depeche Mode fans should be grateful.
0385474547|5.0|While we are bombarded with accounts of African life under colonial rule, we seldom see what African life was like before the colonial period. Achebe provides us with a look at social structure, values, religion and culture as a whole in an Ibo village before the arrival of the British, and the breakdown of tradition after. Clearly written and a quick read, this is a must-read for anyone interested in colonialism or traditional Africa.
B0000X61UU|5.0|I already own the VHS version of this and often thought how awesome it would be if it were in a DVD format.  Well, I have just purchased the DVD format.  I have been doing this workout for 8-9 years and still love it.  It covers everthing from cardio to toning with weights.  I still enjoy doing it after all this time because it is very thorough and very effective.  Once I get the DVD, I can get right to the workout without having to rewind anything!  On days that I walk, I can pop the DVD in and go right to the abs, chest, arms, shoulders and back section.  This will work every muscle group you have!
B00000HYXB|5.0|this is by far right now the best concept album ive heard, next to Dream Theater's Scenes from a Memory. Hansi's choir like voice is just utterly beautiful and extravegant. the guitars are really emotional and catchy, and the keyboards do a great job of adding the Middle Earth atmosphere, you would think they were having a orchesrta in the back ground in some parts. Every single song is perfect and heart touching. It also tells the tale of Tolkein's 'The Silmarillion' pretty acuratley up to the point the cd stops. this is a MUST HAVE. If you are a true music fan and do not have this cd, then you must go out and buy this cd right now!
B00018D44U|5.0|Norah Jones is one of the best singers in the business today.  Her approach to a song and musical ability should lift her to be one of the few artists that we will be seeing and remembering on VH1 retro shows in years to come.  She didn't sell out on her new album and stayed true to herself.  No overproduction, no dance beats, just a great voice and a great CD.  This kind of talent has staying power and everyone will be seeing her around for a long long time.
B00005YW4H|1.0|What a bore. <br />And what a hype! <br />She came out of nowhere, did she? Yeah, right. She's only the daughter of that sitar player, you know, the one who made &quot;Concert for Bangladesh&quot; such a chore to sit through - Ravi Shankar. I doubt that doors, and the opportunities waiting behind them, open wide at the drop of his name, but the media portrayed Norah Jones as some anonymous singer with no connections who succeeded on sheer talent. If so, where's the talent?<br />She sounds like she's about to fall asleep, at least she does until her voice sends me to Groggyville. She even has a slur in her voice, as if she's battling to stay awake. And that Grammy winning song, the title of which escapes me (soon to be joined, I hope, by its monotonous melody), is nothing but a blatant ripoff of Vince Guaraldi's &quot;Christmas Time Is Here&quot; from &quot;A Charlie Brown Christmas.&quot; The fact that it reminds me of Guaraldi's great song is the one point in its favor. <br />Jones won an armload of Grammies for this record, once again proving that the recording industry's premiere honor remains mired in middle of the road mediocrity, something we were reminded of a year earlier when Alicia Keyes, another no-talent, was crowned prom queen at the same event. Give it time, in a year or two, Jones and Keyes will join Christopher Cross in the &quot;Whatever Happened To&quot; column, providing they can even measure up to the standards in place there. At least Cross had enough talent to make one decent album.
B00005JLWN|3.0|What a strange movie. I really liked it. I think. I'm pretty sure I enjoyed it. Well, it made me think quite a bit, which is a sure indication that I got something out of it. And I really like to think, which I guess means I liked it.<br />  Really, this was a pretty decent movie, (scince when has Dimension Films had a budget like this, or did they finally learn how to use it?) with a fairly convincing storyline.<br />  To begin with I am wondering why everyone thinks it was &quot;silly&quot; to defend and kill for the puppy. There are two reasons that I can see that are valid for him doing this. Generally when an Emotion is felt for the first time it  is pretty strong because it is new to you. (Think of the saying &quot; She was my first love&quot;). Now imagine feeling joy for the first time when you are seeing a puppy (especially this extra cute Swiss Mountain pup), and horror knowing what is expected of you to do to it. Not only do you feel strongly for the pup, but you also want to keep that emotion. Second, there is anther emotion he is feeling that could drive him to  behave this way. Fear. This is what I believe he was feeling when arguing abuot opening his trunk. It wasn't so much fear about them hurting the puppy, but more because in case you hadn't noticed, animals didn,t seem to be part of this world. We are not introduced to them until we find these dogs being raised by sense-offenders. Therefore he feared he would be taken as one of them and be captured and incenerated.<br />  I also liked near the end when he confronts his former boss. The contrast to the world he was controlling , and the world he was living in were very well done. The room was colored quite beautifully compared to the outside world of cold, grey, lifeless buildings.<br />  Problems.<br />  1.My biggest problem (although this is personally just a matter of taste. It worked well for the story itself.)was with Sean Bean's role.He has been one of my favorite actors scince I first seen him in Patriot Games doing his best to knock off Harrison Ford and clan. But the role that was truly made for him, (or him for it) was as Boromir in the Lord of the Rings. Out of all the characters his was the closest (almost tying with Ian McKellan as Gandalf) to how I had envisioned him. So why kill him off in the first few minutes of the movie? Of course he was the only one showing emotion in the movie which is what they were fighting against. (Imagine if they had cast Keanu Reeves instead. He wouldn't need to take the Prozium injections. Of course maybe that is what they meant on the DVD cover by saying &quot;Forget the Matrix&quot;.)<br />  2.The fight scenes. While interesting they did seem a little unrealistic. I thought the matrix was more belivable, giving an explanation for Neo's god-like powers. The gun battles were pretty cool, but the scene where he and his partner spar each other seemed a bit choppy and fake. Although I must admit the last fight where he and his former boss clack each others guns for a few minutes while only firing a few shots was highly entertaining.<br />  3.When he kills his new partner near the end of the movie happened way to fast for me. The whole movie seemed to be building up to it, the ten seconds later its over.<br />  4.Well not quite over. After he falls to his knees he sits there for a few more seconds. Then the whole front of his face slides off. A bit unrealistic and gratuitous for me.<br />  5.I have always had troule with movies that have this kind of scope but don't seem to realize it. They say that Prozium has brought the world peace. Where is the rest of the world. They show it like the city and surrounding settlments encompass the whole world.<br />  6. It would have been nice to show the chaos that ensues when Prozium is no more and emotions run rampant.<br />  For me this movie was worth watching once, and if you are in the mood for some good science fiction then check this one out.iot Games doing his best to knock off Harrison Ford and clan. But the role that was truly made for him, (or him for it) was as Boromir in the Lord of the Rings. Out of all the characters his was the closest (almost tying with Ian McKellan as Gandalf) to how I had envisioned him. So why kill him off in the first few minutes of the movie? Of course he was the only one showing emotion in the movie which is what they were fighting against. (Imagine if they had cast Keanu Reeves instead. He wouldn't need to take the Prozium injections. Of course maybe that is what they meant on the DVD cover by saying &quot;Forget the Matrix&quot;.)<BR>  2.The fight scenes. While interesting they did seem a little unrealistic. I thought the matrix was more belivable, giving an explanation for Neo's god-like powers. The gun battles were pretty cool, but the scene where he and his partner spar each other seemed a bit choppy and fake. Although I must admit the last fight where he and his former boss clack each others guns for a few minutes while only firing a few shots was highly entertaining.<BR>  3.When he kills his new partner near the end of the movie happened way to fast for me. The whole movie seemed to be building up to it, the ten seconds later its over.<BR>  4.Well not quite over. After he falls to his knees he sits there for a few more seconds. Then the whole front of his face slides off. A bit unrealistic and gratuitous for me.<BR>  5.I have always had troule with movies that have this kind of scope but don't seem to realize it. They say that Prozium has brought the world peace. Where is the rest of the world. They show it like the city and surrounding settlments encompass the whole world.<BR>  6. It would have been nice to show the chaos that ensues when Prozium is no more and emotions run rampant.<BR>  For me this movie was worth watching once, and if you are in the mood for some good science fiction then check this one out.
079213690X|4.0|Braveheart (1995), directed by Mel Gibson is an epic tale full of war, drama, and action.  The movie has a run time of 177 minutes.<br />Braveheart is set in Scotland during the Dark Ages.  It is about the true story of William Wallace (Mel Gibson) who was a famous commoner who led his people in a rebellion against the English.<br />This is a great movie for history buffs and those who love war pictures.  It is rated &quot;R&quot; for a reason though.  It is a very graphic, gorie, movie that shows the horrific nature of what actual battles in that time period would be like.<br />The cinematography does the movie justice by showing the natural beauty of the Scottish countryside.<br />I rate this movie a 4 star, and would recommend it as at least a one-time must see.
B00000DATR|5.0|I like #2 also, for balance. But 3 is the one I put on for somewhat darker moods...that nevertheless include sublime tones which do other nice thihgs to me.
B00005A46T|5.0|I love real death metal. I just wanted to state that right off the bat, because some of these reviewers aren't even judging the music here, but it's label. If it's not true metal, it can't be good. Whatever. Is this music heavy? Hell yes. Is this music aggressive? To no end! Out of 500 CD's I own, this is probably the most aggressive emotional CD in there...this is the CD I play when someone really pisses me off. Why? Because you can actually understand the lyrics and and riffs are infectios and brutal as hell! Not only is the music heavy, the songwriting is top notch. <br />The only reason people hate Slipknot is because they are mainstream. Nice! If this band wasn't popular, all those metalheads would be raving about this group.<br />In response to that other poster:<br />3.) We also like our metal heavy, and this isn't heavy<br />lol...the guitars are just as heavy, if not heavier than most death bands. Just because they have some grove and distinguishable riffs, doesn't make them soft.<br />1.) They are heavier<BR>2.) They are better<BR>3.) They sound awesome live<BR>4.) They don't need studio effects to make them sound good.<BR>End of discussion. <br />lol...sorry, but I've seen Nile, Hate Eternal, Cryptopsy, etc etc live, and THEY SOUND AWFUL!! Every song sounds the exact same, and the vocals are retchid and the equivalent of someone coughing up flem. You wanna talk about sheep? All you care about is trying to stand apart from the crowd...that makes you a sheep. You don't even care about anything other than being different...yah, that's not new! All the concert goers at a Nile show are sheep when they say the name of the upcomming song...screaming as if they really know what the hell is coming up. They don't care! They just like the music loud! <br />So that's the end of that. Don't label things, because if you do, you'll just be missing out on a lot of great bands - and this is one of them. <br />Amazing CD...one of the best I own.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is my favorite pumpkins album.  Dare I say, it's better than Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. It has an alternative feel with songs like &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; &quot;Today&quot; and &quot;Geek U.S.A.&quot;, yet has beautiful songs like &quot;Disarm&quot; and &quot;Luna&quot;.  I don't want to make people read too many words so I'll just say that this album points out what today's music doesn't and should have.
B0001AP12G|5.0|i knew this man was a genius before even hearin the album. hes a hot producer 2.  he album is hot, dont like all those skits even tho they funy. the songs r good tho. dont listen 2 the haters. cop it now cuz CHI TOWN is explodin
B0001AP12G|5.0|THE WAIT IS OVER!!!!! THE COLLEGE DROPOUT IS HOT TO DEF. RIGHT NOW THIS IS MY FAVORITE HIP HOP CD. KANYE WEST IS THE PRESENT &amp; FUTURE OF THE HIP HOP CULTURE! IF YOU DON'T HAVE THIS CD  YOU ARE SLEEPING ON A GREAT WORK. KANYE BEARS HIS SOUL ON THIS ONE. GO COP IT!!!!
B000002UAF|5.0|This was the first Beatles album to contain exclusively original material. There are no George Harrison songs either - John and Paul wrote all the songs here. The first seven songs were featured in the film (including Can't buy me love, which had already been a hit) while the remaining six were also written for the film but were not used in it. Thus, only twelve of the thirteen were new recordings, although the other track was making its album debut here.<br />Apart from Can't buy me love, the album yielded just one other Beatles hit - the title track. However, several other songs here have retained their popularity, helped by some quality cover versions. I've heard excellent covers of I should have known better, If I fell, I'm happy just to dance with you, And I love her and Things we said today as well as the two hits, some of them in several different styles.<br />This is, perhaps, the strongest of the early Beatles albums prior to Rubber soul. If you are interested in the early part of their career and you want more than is available on the red album 1962 - 1966, this is essential.
0790731509|5.0|There's just nothing bad to say about this movie.  From the opening scene, in which a drunken Lucas Jackson gets busted cutting the heads off of parking meters (and gets two years in prison!), this film grabs you and won't let go.  <br />Paul Newman's Luke stands as one of the finest roles ever played.  He's easygoing and likable, but has a stubborn streak a mile long.  That stubbornness, after creating initial conflict with the other prisoners, endears him to them.  And he gets along just fine until his mother dies.  After that, he can only think of escaping.  Not to get to her funeral, though--just because he was treated unfairly by the warden.  <br />This is a powerful, moving film.  It's one that you never forget, and will want to watch again and again, if just to see that &quot;Luke smile.&quot;
B000002HHB|4.0|TIGERLILY is 10,000 Maniacs lead singer Natalie Merchant's solo debut. She scored quite a few hits with this one including WONDER,JEALOUSY and CARNIVAL. Not bad for a solo debut.
B00005Y6YB|4.0|This is the best story made into a movie I've ever seen and I've watched it many times. I am disappointed in the DVD verson of it. The color is washed out and looks &quot;flat&quot;; no depth to the beautiful background. Neither the original on TV, nor the tape I made of it years ago are as dull. This is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. Still it's better than nothing as tapes won't last very long. Fantastic characters and casting was perfect. Even if you are not enamoured with westerns, as I'm not, I can practically guarantee you'll like it. The book is great too, if you want to compare, and you like thick books.
B0000YEEHG|5.0|The five stars is for the movie. As for MGM they've committed a sin. The picture is grainy, the special features freeze up on my copies of this and Hour of the Wolf. And the commentary on both is just awful. All this guy does is point out the obvious. \\"Max Von Sydow is a troubled man, the bushes...\\" Where's criterion with its top notch restoration and commentaries done by real scholars. Isn't MGM paying attention? They have no respect for this movie. They should have never got their hands on it.
B00006AG5N|5.0|The music of Elvis Presley has experienced a mass revival since the the two monster hits &quot; A Little Less Conversation &quot;(2002)and &quot; Rubberneckin &quot;(2003)were released.I believe that a lot of people are bored with the current state of the music industry and its production line of untalented boy bands and sqeeky voiced teenage girls who care more about having their photos taken than making real music. Singers like Elvis Presley are impossible to find nowadays .There are a few things missing in todays music that were vital ingredients to making a great record in those days when Elvis was still with us. First and most important is JOY and FUN . .Most of todays stars take their &quot;music&quot; so seriously it makes me want want to vomit!.You just have to see some of the interviews of these clowns talking about the latest &quot; artistic re-invention &quot; they went through .( usually that means that they went for their first singing lesson)Second ingredient to making a great record is TALENT.I havent seen much of that in the recording industry lately .Very rare these days unfortunately.And thirdly - REAL MUSICIANS .I cant stand listening to music that was created by a computer.The reason that Elvis made such great music was because of the bond he had with the musicians and singers he worked with .Making music can be a real emotional and spiritual experience ,but it cant become that with fake drum beats and rinky-dink sound effects from a computer.The Elvis remixes werent too overdone thankfully, with most of the original track still intact.<BR>    The timeless music of Elvis Presley shows how music should be done.I encourage all young people to give it a listen to see for themselves how great Elvis really was. BMG has created a real winner with &quot;30 #1 HITS &quot;.Long Live The King !.
0792839749|5.0|I kept hearing from my friends who have young children (2 - 5 year olds) that their children loved this movie, so I decided to finally buy it and check it out for my 2.5 year old son.  He loves it and so do I.  It has all the important components for a fun family/childrens movie:<br />1.  The Music:  It's fun and gets my son up and dancing around the room.  Also the words are catchy and easy for children to learn (although Chitty can be tricky for the little ones :-)<br />2.  Story line: It's really fun and easy to follow.  Anything with a car, let alone a flying car rates high with my son.<br />3.  Children:  The children in the story are sweet and respectful.  Since there is a boy and a girl not only does my son like it, but his little friend (a girl) also relates.<br />I have a lot of \\"dusty\\" DVD's that I wish I could return, but I'm confident that you won't regret spending $'s on this one and making part of your family DVD/VHS collection.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|To repeat what many have said already, what is the big deal about this movie?  You mean the people in Japan do not speak English?  Wow, was that supposed to be surprising (or even remotely funny)?  Oh, and if there was one more \\"Asians get confused with R's and L's\\" joke I think I'd kill myself.  Furthermore, I do not buy this \\"great acting nonsense.\\"  Bill Murray was not displaying \\"great acting.\\"  He was just being himself.  In real life, Murray is actually a depressed loner type of individual. He is not some happy go luck fellow.  The movies where he is actually funny are the ones in which he is acting.  By the way, does it qualify as good acting is all you need to do is sigh and gaze out of windows?  Do not believe the hype.  This movie was a waste of time.  It became an exercise in willpower to see if I could actually finish it.  All the praise handed over to Coppola is out of pure nepotism. She is riding on the coattails of her father. Terribly dull, boring and plotless movie filled with dull, boring and unsympathetic characters.  They are bored and isolated in Japan only because they choose so!  There is plenty to do in Japan.  The only way to be bored in that situation is if you are a boring person.  Safe you money and your time...
B00018D44U|3.0|Just like her first CD, this CD is written almost entirely by her band members.  Does this bother anyone else?  I feel like especially with the type of music she's playing, playing other people's songs isn't what it's all about.  A lot of musicians are good at piano and have a beautiful voice, but not all of them can write great songs -- and Norah Jones isn't one of the ones who can write great songs (only a good songs that is).
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Music gets no greater than London Calling. Buy six.
B000089CJI|5.0|i love this album.  it took a few plays to grow on me and now it just gets repeated over and over and over and over and over.  A very interesting collaboration.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Mookie Smith you're nothing but a hater it seems to me you country spick. Its obvious that you're are not a true hip  hop fan because it seems that you can't recognize talent. Kanye isn't beat biting. All he is doing is Linking two periods of music that he loves together to create a new and beautiful sound. He succeeds. I'm young, and I have a respect and appreciation for types of music including ol skool. So shut with your whack review,and go learn something.NE ways this is a great CD, if u Don't get it you're definitely missing out. As said already Kanye is the Future of hiphop. NE one can be a rapper, but West is lyricist. He's creative and he's actually talking about things. This a fun album, also serious.Just all around feel good vibe music. He a real Soulful Dude.
B00018D44U|5.0|will really appreciate this newest release from her. If you've kept even a loose tab on her career before and since the Grammys (i.e. interviews and guest appearances she's made throughout the past year), you're probably already aware that there are a number of country music artists (i.e. Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, etc.) whom she sights as an influence on her music sensibilities. Bearing this in mind, the music found on \\"Feels like Home\\" won't be any big shock to those who took an interest in listening to Norah Jones for the sake of her music, and not because of the hype surounding the Grammy wins. The songs infuse a blend of blues and country...which we heard tinges of on the first disc in the form of \\"Lonestar\\" and \\"The Long Day is Over\\", and it seems to be where her heart is musically, at the moment. I know there are those who had more of an interest in the jazz moods of the last disc, but if you like Norah, and enjoy listening to her music, then I suggest giving her new disc a try. It's well worth the listen, and the purchase.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|When I heard Firefly was a space western, I made a face.  I'm not much of a fan of either sci-fi or westerns.  But since it was Joss Whedon's work, I knew I had to give it a chance.  He proved me wrong about Buffy, and I was hoping he'd do the same with Firefly.<br />As it turns out, Firefly surpassed all my hopes and expectations.  It's quality television at its best.  The characters are fleshed out, the story's well thought out, and everything comes together wonderfully.  The characters start off as strangers but warm up to you, and each proves to be individual, yet endearing in their own way, and you begin to sympathize and care for the crew of Firefly.<br />Whedon takes his time to flesh out his characters at a pace that's neither too rushed nor too laxed- it's just right, perfectly comfortable.  The character of River, for instance, starts off a complete looney, simpering, and frail, and by the end, you just love her to bits, and you start realizing she's not the most vulnerable one on the crew.  Perhaps she's even the strongest!<br />Each actor plays his/her part as if they were born to play it, especially the Nathan Fillion (Mal), Morena Baccarin (Inara), and Summer Glau (River).<br />Whedon's genius is his ability to make anything about the characters and keep it human.  Too many shows get carried away by their own genre.  Too many people make sci-fi shows just for the sake of having a sci-fi show.  For example, how many times have you seen a show with ho-hum characters and storylines, but boasted an interesting concept?  The characters seem like just vehicles to carry out the story of their environment.  Then there are the dramas that are about nothing except characters and their relationships, and you wish more external circumstances (reality) could be taken into consideration.  Joss Whedon strikes the perfect balance between the two, and Firefly boasts a fascinating, intelligent concept, while maintaining characters that are fleshed out, lively, personable, charismatic, and *live* the story rather than just play it out.<br />If you saw it on TV and it confused you, it's probably because Fox showed the episodes out of order.  A few people have said that they loved Firefly after watching the DVDs, since Whedon arranged the episodes to show in the order it was intended to be aired in.  <br />This is one of the best shows I've seen in a while, by far.  Give it a try!
0140277447|1.0|Now we have seen how the Communism can make people vulgar by reading &quot;Truth Speaker&quot;'s review. This persun could not make any refutation but only string together all sorts of flowery words.<BR>I recommed all of you to search &quot;Tongzhou Incident&quot; by any search engine then you will know the Chinese manner of massacre and understand Chang's description is just tracing their own history.
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Good lord - I just got this CD and it is fan-freakin'-tastic! I haven't loved a CD this much since...maybe Pulp's 1996 Differnt Class. It just makes me feel good on the inside to hear his voice. All In a Day is a sonic-dub-post-punk masterpiece!<br />For those interested, you can buy a seedling in Rebels' Woods, the Joe Strummer Memorial Forest...
0375432302|3.0|Having just finished The Da Vinci Code, I'm left with many questions.  The least of which are related to the quote \\"religious mysteries\\" shared in this book.  I'm in a quandary as to whether this is a superb novel or a mediocre one.  Quite an unusual sensation.<br />  Fact vs. Fiction---If one is observant, Brown clearly states the facts before the story begins and we do lose sight of that early on.  The novel becomes engrossing--beginning at paragraph one!  This author giftedly weaves snippets of fact and an abundance of fiction, so intricately, so subtly, that the reader cannot separate the two...that is, for the majority of the book. The truth is:  Brown does make us wonder but those meanderings are based more on the fictional content as opposed to the facts.<br />  Good & Bad---Brown is extraordinary--intelligent, diverse, original, gifted.  So good is he that this book does read like a non-fiction thriller..for the most part.  I honestly started to question...is it possible, is this true??  That ability is, in part, the 'good' of Brown's talent for certainly it was his intention--or one of them.  His use of classic artists & their masterpieces and a myriad of historical figures is remarkable & unparalleled.  This is Brown's gift to you & is, indeed, very much appreciated by this reviewer.  But woe, there is a downside.  Brown holds the reader spellbound...until 3/4 of the way through...when suddenly, it's like a ghost writer of opposite manner appears, takes over Brown's pen & rushes to complete the novel.  Lost is the power, lost is the intensity.  The remainder of the novel is more soap opera or 'thumbing my nose at you all!'  A genuine let-down conclusion from a truly gifted man who could've offered much better.<br />  Pros & Con---Pros: 1. It's a best seller & obviously, few are ignoring this novel so it is a must read.<br />  2.  Well worth the purchase price 75% of the time.<br />  3.  Brown's ability to make us second guess our faith, even if momentarily.<br />  4.  Brown's creativity abounding.<br />  5.  Factual information is, at times, completely shocking & always educational.<br />  6.  This book is truly unique!<br />  Cons:  1 & 2 & 3 & 4.  There is no character development to speak of.  Almost none whatsoever.  Are the lead characters drawn to each other for more than the solving of an overplayed, overproduced mystery??  Who cares?  We never really got to know them.  Do the villains pay their dues?  Not a care about that either because everything hinges on WHAT & WHERE IS THE HOLY GRAIL??  Lack of character development is akin to poor actors in a great film. (which is virtually an impossible feat)  Thus, terming this novel \\"great\\" is, unfortunately, impossible too.<br />  5.  The ending is all too weak, somewhat disjointed & lacks the feigned reality that the novel held initially.  After a startling beginning to midpoint, Brown lets us Down!<br />  6.  Brown seems to hold some type of grudge against the Catholic Church.  The overriding theme of the novel is basically to promote a mental revolution against Christ & Catholicism.  Rather sad because we're not certain exactly what Brown IS promoting..<br />  4.  Brown's creativity abounding.<br />  5.  Factual information is, at times, completely shocking & always educational.<br />  6.  This book is truly unique!<br />  Cons:  1 & 2 & 3 & 4.  There is no character development to speak of.  Almost none whatsoever.  Are the lead characters drawn to each other for more than the solving of an overplayed, overproduced mystery??  Who cares?  We never really got to know them.  Do the villains pay their dues?  Not a care about that either because everything hinges on WHAT & WHERE IS THE HOLY GRAIL??  Lack of character development is akin to poor actors in a great film. (which is virtually an impossible feat)  Thus, terming this novel \\"great\\" is, unfortunately, impossible too.<br />  5.  The ending is all too weak, somewhat disjointed & lacks the feigned reality that the novel held initially.  After a startling beginning to midpoint, Brown lets us Down!<br />  6.  Brown seems to hold some type of grudge against the Catholic Church.  The overriding theme of the novel is basically to promote a mental revolution against Christ & Catholicism.  Rather sad because we're not certain exactly what Brown IS promoting.
B00008S2VG|4.0|It is so unfortunate that this has turned out to be Madonna's least popular CD.  It is a classic.  Sure there are some clunkers(&quot;I'm so stupid&quot;,the lame title track- who thought to release that mess first?) Poor single choices killed this cd.  &quot;Love profusion&quot; is easily one of her best songs. &quot;Nothing Fails&quot; is as close to the LIKE A PRAYER era as u can get.  &quot;Nobody knows me&quot; is a gem as well. The closing ballad, &quot;easy ride&quot; is a trancy journey itself. I strongly suggest picking up this cd and giving it a open listen.. Also there are several new mixes available of some of the songs listed above that are incredible.  American Life is an underperforming first rate CD.. Give it a chance.
078624495X|4.0|This is a great book.  It will put many things into prospective for you.  I would definitely recommend this book, though at times it is hard to keep up with the store with so many different viewpoints by other soldiers.  Over all this is an excellent book.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Most of y'all just don't get it (save only a few smart posters)... this movie is reeking with racism.  For me, the racism was very blatant and not subtle in the least.  For those that didn't pick up on it, I feel very sorry for you, you need to escape your white coccoon and face reality... just because you don't think something's offensive doesn't mean that it's not offensive.  White's are not the only race who's opinions matter.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|This movie is awesome you have 2 get it. t is long but watch the hole thing u do not wanna miss a second of it. it is about a drug loard, tony montana, who becomes extremly rich. There is great action and a great all around movie.  I rate scarface 5 stars.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Alright, this review will only be at the top for a few hours, no doubt.  So, allow me to make use of my time in the spotlight:<br />BUY THIS DVD!!! YOU'LL LOVE IT!!!<br />Seriously, man.  The best television show I've ever seen. Others have gone into more detail than I care to right now; but seriously, if there is anything - *anything* - you need to know about 'Firefly', please do not hesitate to email me at Steve5805@yahoo.com<br />Seriously, buy it.  You won't regret it.  There other 600-some didn't.
B00006879E|5.0|I love this cd.  If I could sing, it would be great to sing along to.  I can put it on and let it play and repeat.  If you enjoy their singles &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; and &quot;This Love&quot; you will absolutely love this album.<br />It is very refreshing album to listen to.  Although, there is nothing to really compare this band to, my closest comparison would be that Maroon 5 is the Justin Timberlake of rock.
B00005JMCN|5.0|How delightful that a &quot;small&quot; film like this one would be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.  The movie gives us a vivid impression of America in the 30's, harsh and yet full of hope. The racing scenes are terrific and the acting superb.  The showing I attneded at a local theatre had the audience cheering and applauding.  I think this is a &quot;keeper.&quot;
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If this cd (which by the way is the fastest selling and biggest selling cd in history)was only 1/10 as good as it is,it would still deserve 100 stars!!!
B000002UA0|5.0|Syd Barret edit tres discos y este es el primero y el mejor. Al grupo que lo acompaaba lo llam Pink Floyd, y al mrgen de ser msicos y compositores de talento, su mayor habilidad fue sobrevivir a su lder durante aos con dignidad y -por lo menos hasta el 73- brillantez. Este disco es una de las escassimas obras psicodlicas -psicodelia entendida &quot;strictu senso&quot; como aquella msica inspirada y basada en la experiencia de su/s autor/es con las drogas alucingenas- redondas y lcidas que se produjeron en el apgeo de la cortsima vida de este subgnero de la msica popular anglosajona. &quot;The Piper...&quot; es un paradigma que reune todo lo vlido de un estilo que, por su propia dinmica (msicos y artistas en la lnea de separacin entre la cordura y la esquizofrenia, lo sublime y lo ridculo)- fue rico en ideas y pobre en obras de autntico valor. Electrnica de vanguardia, produccin arriesgada, acomercialidad, riesgo,experimentacin...y unas letras a la altura de experiencias nada verbalizables. Pero Inglaterra no es la Costa Oeste americana, no hay apenas espacios para planear y el clima no lo permite, as que los vuelos son ms abrubtos, verticales...y los aterrizajes inciertos. Syd no tard en darse cuenta: carg los depsitos de combustible y decidi emprender un largo vuelo sin escalas ni aterrizaje. Mralo..., arriba..., Ves aquella nube?, un poco ms a la derecha...
B0000524EM|5.0|i saw this in 6th grade and has been my favorite movie since. people tell me i look like the crow cuz i wear makeup like him cuz im kind of gothic. i have tears like him and black nailpolish. now for reviews of the movies.<br />the crow is the best of the 3 cuz no one will ever be as good as brandon lee bless his sick soul. he recited edgar allen poe stuff which i think is cool. and i wish i couldve met the guy. he was my idol in the 6th grade along with brad manson or marilyn manson and they still are.<br />city of angels was not my favorite. about the only thing i liked about was the chic eric draven used to take care of cuz she was hot. the acting was pretty sucky.<br />salvation was good cuz i loved the blood and gore which i love in movies like predator.<br />very good movies
0553801546|4.0|The third book of the tawnyman series is a good read, couldn't put it down. Although I am not happy with the posibilities that could of been more realistic and more facinating than what mz HOBB seems to end this poor trilogy.<BR>It is dificult to make Fitz a different person in a nw series.  The Farseer trilogy was such a great trilogy, near the top of my list.  In this series, fitz is never the fitz of old, where your always wishing he would be.  I think it is folly for mz Hobb to change a charcter because of his past and his age.  She could of used a new character for this series that she draws poeple to read because of the former Fitz.<BR>If you have read the farseer trilogy do not read this one.  I wish that someone could of told me to skip this one.  And they lived happily ever after is a poor ending, as real life never does.
B00008PX8P|4.0|This is positively superb. Absolutely a must for Led Zepp fans. It's one of those things you'll remember a lifetime.
B000099T2L|1.0|I am so sick and tired of that Diana Ross imposter Beyonde Owls. Diana Ross IS the ORIGINAL diva whom paved the way for people like Mariah Carey(I don't care for), Donna Summer(whom is one of the greatest singers and a fellow Bay Stater like me) and this poor excuse of a singer who desperately wants to be like her. Crazy in Love, which features that loser boyfriend of hers Jay-Z is a stupid song. Baby Boy is a duet with Jean Paul Delux and is about the baby son she never had. Me, Myself and I is a rotten song. Plus, she's so horrible and with each disc(be this or any Beyonde and Destiny's Child disc(she is basically running that band with her egomaniacal tirades by kicking members out), she continues to make a mockery of music. I really hate this album. I think you should get The Darkness, they are the next great rock band!
1401300901|4.0|I found this story to be touching, insightful and very moving -- not to mention funny at times.  It was thought-provoking as well.  I can't wait to see what Cecilia comes out with next -- what a stunning first effort!
0385510438|5.0|&quot;A Time To Kill&quot; is the best book John Grisham has ever written.  &quot;The Last Jury&quot; is nowhere near the gripping, sweating, heart-pounding novel &quot;A Time&quot; was. . .  but its pretty darn good.  It is so comfortable.  I found myself often supressing the urge to smile and then just giving up and going with it.  You can visualize every single character.  I felt as though I had my feet up on somebody's front porch, drinking iced tea and talking about each neighbor as they walked by.  Loved this story!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Indeed, from the SF point of view, this is the best that has ever been filmed--a serious and well-thought-out view of the future, one that would have done credit to Isaac Asimov, with a truly human and humane vision worthy of a Ray Bradbury or an Ursula LeGuin.  At the same time, while this is true SF, not mere &quot;space opera&quot; (for all that, unlike Star Wars or Star Trek, it actually is a &quot;Western in space&quot;), anyone who is truly open-minded and willing to try new things will find that the characters and stories have universal appeal.  <br />Part of this is the exceptional writing--Joss Whedon and Tim Minear set a high standard, and the rest of the writers lived up to it--which features some unusual things for Hollywood, like real characters with depth and individuality (who actually grow and develop), story arcs that move beyond the obvious and trite, and a sense of humor that has some actual subtlety and wit to it.  Part of it is the exceptional cast of actors (the only one I'd ever heard of was Ron Glass, but every one's a find, especially Nathan Fillion) and guest stars, who bring the material alive in ways that most actors don't.  Part of it's the exceptional crew who gave the show a convincing and unique look and feel.  Put all together, they made one of the best shows of any type ever seen on television.  If you don't believe me, buy the DVD and see for yourself, then hang on for the ride . . . and join the rest of us in waiting impatiently for the movie.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|The high priced egomaniac Brit Brit strikes again with In the Zone which is the most reviled album of 2003. These songs are just the same old thing as her first three sorry efforts, it's like getting a tooth extracted without either a novacaine or being put to sleep, that painful. Songs like Me Against the Music or is it Get on the Floor with that old has been Madonna is an awful song(the video stinks too). Britney's voice has gotten worse with every album, look what chain smoking does to your voice. Plus, she looks terrible, that is what wearing too much makeup does to you. The new single Toxic is stupid and sounds like a poor James Bond theme(the video ripped off shows like Alias and also ripped off No Doubt's It's My Life video). God forbid, if they used this sorry song as a James Bond theme, Armageddon will be here!  The songwriting is terrible and the song to her ex sounds like a teenager writing a Dear John letter to her lover she had dumped. I think Brit stinks. She can't sing nor act nor write nor dance, treats her fans like dirt and just has an awful attitude problem. Britney's time is almost over thankfully, I can guaranDAMNtee you that!  This album, I'm happy to say, is not selling as well as expected(it's already flopped in the UK and the sales in Canada and the US(2 million is bad by her standards and the album is already out of the Top 10 YET AGAIN, hopefully for GOOD!!!) are disappointing. With the promotion, it's not in her favor). I sense her next disc will sell even less and the one after even less. If you want real music, buy Supertramp's classic disc Famous Last Words from 1982.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Quentin Tarantino has achieved something that his good buddy Robert Rodriguez hasn't, the ability to escape from the shadow of his breakout film.  While Rodriguez soared in \\"El Mariachi,\\" he has fallen short in both sequels, \\"Once Upon a Time in Mexico\\" being the latest failed attempt to come up with something new and fresh.  \\"Kill Bill:Volume One\\" is proof that Tarantino will not follow in his friends footsteps.  Coming off of the stale \\"Jackie Brown\\" (The third film by Tarantino) six years later Tarantino achieves a movie that hooks its claws into you from start to finish in a way \\"Pulp Fiction\\" did back in the early nineties.  Tarantino uses his library of movie knowledge to bring to life a purposefully lame plot about a former female assassin who wants out and is left for dead, as a result she wants revenge against \\"Bill\\", the leader of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad she used to be a part of.  Known only as \\"The Bride\\", Uma Thurman plays the role masterfully with little seriousness for her situation, but with a fun trot for the epic of different genres (Such as old kung fu, japanese animation and spaghetti westerns), and cranberry blood that flies around the room with every severed arm, leg, foot and head.  Yes, this isn't a film that has a moral message, and it's not supposed to, what it does is convey Tarantino's genius and understanding of film and film's potential for artistical mastery.  Kill Bill was snubbed at the Oscars and probably because of the violence, but the violence is not taken seriously by Tarantino, and it shouldn't by the viewer either.  Kill Bill was the best film of the year, and if \\"Kill Bill: Volume 2\\" comes anywhere close to the creative masterpiece created by Tarantino, the Oscars may have to rethink there decisions from this year.  Whether you like \\"Kill Bill\\" or not, you must understand its mastery of film, and the genius of the modern Orson Welles, Quentin Tarantino.  This film is a triumph of art!!!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Great...What More Can i Say??? This Album Is Off The Hook. Kanye West Show Us That He is Solo Also The Great Rapper En producer Then We tought he was. This Album Contain A Few GREAT nrs Like : <br />1 - Never Let Me Down Ft Jay-z - Great Beat/Lyrics Just GREAT<BR>2 - All Falls Down Ft Syleena Jhonson - Cover Of Lauryn Hill)<BR>3 - Slow Jamz Ft Twista &amp; Jamie Fox - Romantic Slow Song<BR>4 - Family Business  - Emotional Song That MAke You Think<BR>5 - Jesus Walks - Relegion A New Way<br />The Rest Of The Album Is Also Very Good En it Contains Alot Of Wise Words And Alot Of Humor And That's What We Need In This World....<br />3 Words Top Say - COP THAT DISC
B00013PHGS|5.0|Talkie Walkie is a stunning return to form for Air, if you are the person who considers Moon Safari to be the definitive Air sound. My reaction on the first listen to the album was that it felt slightly shallow, a less memorable part II of Safari. I was wrong. It just grows and grows on you, and almost every track is a gem. Alpha Beta Gaga, for instance, is a gorgeous composition with an addictive Moriccone spaghetti-western style loop (or is it just me?). Alone in Kyoto beautifully conjures the atmosphere of the Lost in Translation semi-sweet displacement that the movie portrays. Biological and Run are, as another reviewer noted, a nod to the OK Computer geeks in the Frenchmen (but thankfully not an album's worth!); - the string sections in Biological evoke memories of some quieter Smashing Pumpkins effort (from Mellon Collie). Beautiful. Venus and Another Day are slightly darker, and probably the least memorable tracks, while Surfin' On A Rocket is poppy Sexy Boy redux, but far catchier. It is worth buying the album for Mike Mills alone. I wouldn't know how to describe this track, but it is a haunting, hopeful, masterful melody revealing Air at their absolute best. This album is a masterpiece, and if it has taken Air five years to revisit Moon Safari, it has been time well spent. Talkie Walkie is a fabulous, imagainative and cohesive aural vista. Get it today.
B0000UJL96|3.0|artwork on disc 2 of the Special Edition is upside down! where's the quality control??
B00000272N|5.0|Nirvana gets credit for everything...  ALICE IN CHAINS came out way before Nirvana did.  ALICE IN CHAINS had a much greater influence than Nirvana ever did on 90's music.<BR>When all of the alternative poseurs came out in the mid 90's (Caroline's Spine, Local H, all that evil sounding drug influenced stuff) they drew much more from the thrashing and minor harmonics of AIC than anything by Nirvana.  AIC set the precedent for the transcendence of metal, something beautiful that quickly rotted with commercialism. The only thing Nirvana inspired was Foo Fighters and Puddle of Mudd
0385504209|5.0|When I first began to read the Da Vinci Code I thought that it was quite boring. As I got into it though, I found it was quite interesting. The suspense is amazing! The book takes place in France, for the main part. The search they are on will suprise you, in many different ways. The book starts out pretty normal then has a couple of twists and turns and before you know it you will be so caught up you won't be able to put it down. I think this book is very well written and has excellent details. I really enjoyed reading this book and finished it quickly because I couldn't put it down. I strongly recommend this book to anyone, but especially to people who are interested in art.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is Metallica at the height of their powers. This is absolutely their best album and arguably the best metal album ever. There is no filler here. The songs are a very sophisticated and intelligent but are also very raw. Some have complained of the production quality but I think it enhances the listening experience. The flatness of the sound, due lack of bass, enhances a sense of starkness and immediacy. Unfortunately, this album has been Metallica's apex. I think Metallica abandoned some of that sophistication and rawness for a more commercially appealing sound.
B0000VD04M|5.0|I got one a week ahead of schedule at an FYE. It is not necessary for me to praise this Hollywood gem as far as the movie itself.<br />The transfer is amazing. I have compressed and copied the movie to backup DVD+R so I don't have to play the original, and the compressed version looks as good as the original.<br />I wish I had some verified insight into the recall. I do not. I will say the DVD I bought works perfectly though, in contrast to another review. The interactive menu is very creative, mimicing a theater showing, with different 'film scenes' for each different menu.<br />There is also an Easter Egg in the form of a deleted scene. On 'Deleted Scenes' menu, highlight 'Que Sera Sera', then press right on your DVD remote 2 or 3 times to highlight the lightning bolt, and reveal the scene. The Lugosi special is neat. Actually shows the real photograph of Lugosi in the rehab as portrayed in the film. Maybe that has something to do with the recall?<br />Amazon.ca lists DVD release date as 4/4/04. I hope the rest of you get a chance to get this DVD, and I hope they don't change it on you. The entire DVD gets a 10 out of 10 in my book.
B00005JLXE|4.0|I was there when the Daredevil series hit the Elektra saga and the excitement that Miller &amp; Janson had already brought to the moribund series was incredible.  The mature story arcs with adult themes and actual character deaths were handled in a way not seen before in mainstream comics and put that group of artistic works over the top.  Daredevil the movie borrows liberally from that timeframe, after developing the lengthy back story of Matt Murdock's `blinding and awakening'.  I frankly didn't mind Affleck as Matt Murdock.  He certainly played him a lot more tortured than I remember from the Miller era. Duncan as Wilson Fisk aka the Kingpin, also interesting but manageable.  Colin Farrell as Bullseye and Jennifer Garner as Elektra round out the cast nicely.  The final death scene of Elektra is hauntingly familiar to fans of the comics, Bullseye uses the same dialogue leading up to `but me, I'm magic..' and who can forget that impaling on the sai with the tip extended through the body but not the clothes, making a small tent.  Yikes.  Garner doesn't bring the darkness inherent in Elektra out, but she actually did a pretty good job if you don't bring any preconceptions into the theatre.  I actually thought it was a pretty good film within in the confines of what it attempts to do.
630280082X|5.0|This is a must for any classic blues fan. It's not wall to wall music, but its well directed and entertaining and the music is great. This film blends myth with fact to mimic the mystery that surrounds the early blues musicians. I have been a life long fan of the blues and of this movie ever since it came out. Now I only hope they release it on DVD.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Sofia Coppola has truly hit her stride with this one.  This movie has it all.<br />The characters are real, involving, and sympathetic.  The acting is subtle and sidesplitting.  The feeling of being temporarily displaced in an unfamiliar culture is spot on.  The humor is intelligently understated (and hilarious).  The soundtrack perfectly adds to the mood without distracting.  The cinematography is stunning, notwishstanding Sofia's transparent and charmingly self-effacing comment delivered by Scarlett Johansson: &quot;I tried taking pictures, but they were so mediocre. I guess every girl goes through a photography phase. You know, horses... taking pictures of your feet.&quot;  The pacing is genius.  The love story is believable and ultimately (and surprisingly) satisfying.  There's even a car chase scene (after a fashion).  <br />&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; mirrors life in that it has a set-up and a setting, but it's not so easy to define exactly &quot;what it's about.&quot;  Rather, it's a series of small, sweet, marvelous, intimate, and unforgettable moments that make the living/watching worth every second.
141140078X|1.0|I thought I was purchasing the full text version of the Steinbeck novel and was surprised when this thin 74 page book arrived.  It is the SparkNotes study guide for East of Eden summarizing the plot, themes, etc.  The study notes were written by Brian Phillips, not John Steinbeck.  The study notes look reasonably intelligent, but as I was hoping to read the book for pleasure someone else's interpretation is a poor substitute for the real thing.
0345452577|4.0|As an avid fan of the Delaware series, I was thrilled to read a stand alone book of Kellermans that was a gripping story.  I often find with authors of this genre that when they depart from their usual characters, their writing leaves much to be desired.  Kellerman, however, does not disappoint - but regular readers will feel that the main character is not that dis-similar to Alex Delaware.  I enjoyed this book, and would like to see Jeremy developed more in future novels - having said that - I am looing forward to reading the new Delaware book as soon as it is available.
0195067142|5.0|Shows how savage the war in the Pacific could, and did, become.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|Take a good camera and cinematographer anywhere in Tokyo, and you're bound to get some striking imagery. It's a beautiful, clean, lively place. That's about all you get here, though. Director Sophia Coppola has created a bourgeois tale about lonely superstars, millionaires and dilletantes in Japan that seethes with poor-pity-me melodrama and American xenophobia (witness the endless 'L' for 'R' gags, or the the gush of verbage quickly summarized by a translator at the photo shoots). 'Lost In Translation' had a remarkable opportunity to build bridges with modern day Japan and blew them to maintain this idiotic sensibility. Aside from cinematography, the film does two things right: the soundtrack is packed with great music selections, and Anna Farris' character Kelly virtually defines the modern young Hollywood actress, with inane banter about body cleansing and the low-carb Japanese diet.
B00008J4P5|2.0|After the hype this album recieved, I figured it had to be pretty good; so I bought it.  I was very dissappointed with the quality of this album.  None of the songs we're pleasant or interesting to listen to.  None of them had real tunes, and I felt like I was listening to five year olds play in a disorganized musical pagent.  Most of the songs had no recognizable chorus.  I had heard that this album was one a \\"cross-generation album\\" so I was eagerly anticipating an album that I could listen to with my 13 year old son.  The minute I turned it one, my son loved it (he even started playing air gutair), but I had to turn it off before my ears busted.  This album is for people who really enjoy heavy rock music...not a curious mother!
B0000CFW87|3.0|Anyone who's heard Josh on any television appearance knows how talented he is.  But this CD disappoints me.  Each track begins with Josh's wonderful voice then quickly gets swept away in a Yanni style sweep of huge, sentimental, overdone orchestration that takes on a life of it's own. It's overdone, like having far too much frosting on an expensive cake.   It just overpowers Josh.  If I wanted to hear Yanni, I'd buy his CD.  I hope future producers will trust that Josh can carry off a CD on his own without spoiling his performances with all that orchestral gushing.   Till then, I won't be investing in any more of these CDs.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is a cd worth listening to over and over again.He is a  talented singer/songwriter/musician that should be proud of this effort. I enjoy listening to this cd because I can listen to it all the way through and not  like some of the surprise crap that some &quot;good&quot; albums have on theirs.I hope he gets all the positive exposure and popularity necessary. It's good to find a musician with their own unique sound, while at the same time he demonstrates the definite rock, pop, blues, and soul influences on this album.His music reminds me of the good stuff your hear locally and wish that people all over could know how good this artist is.You don't need a stage full of dancers and pyrotechnics when you have really good music and this is good stuff!
B00013EY7Q|4.0|\\"Lost in Translation\\" is a solid film with a good performance from Johannson and a good performance from Murray, one that is quite a lot like other performances of his--he's terribly one-dimensional, but this movie is this movie, not others he's been in.<br />In response to ogreadmore's pompous tirade: it's terribly patronizing to say that the only reason a person may not like a film you like is that he/she doesn't get it, even much more so because he/she doesn't understand an academic construct such as postmodernism. A person is not going to watch a film with flat characters, read that, oh, it's SUPPOSED to have flat characters (this film is SUPPOSED to be unrealistic, it's SUPPOSED to have bad special effects) and say, \\"oh, it's good now.\\"  People who have concern with the flatness of characters are essentially saying they don't like postmodernism (this film isn't that postmodern, btw) and this is something they can understand intuitively. People without PhD's have emotions and can understand art--they are allowed to their opinions and don't need permission from some film fascist to like something.
B000002C1V|5.0|There could be no more perfect way for Pink Floyd to retire. Roger and the boys truly saved their very best for last. &quot;The Final Cut&quot; was given five stars by Rolling Stone magazine. That shocked me, because RS does not generally give five stars. However, after listening to the album, I now know why they gave it five stars, because there is not a six star rating. I will always cherish this special album.
B0000214F0|1.0|the movie is not every good at all don't buy it.
B0000C1733|5.0|i am a huge fan of the red hot chili peppers, and finally you can own a collection of their fantastic work. although, they have had SO many great songs it's hard to put on to one CD, not all of their good songs are here because of the limited amout of space. but mostly, this is a great cd that i would recommend for everyone!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I can never understand why &quot;Firefly&quot; was cancelled. But then, I can never understand why my country don't even air this cool sci-fi series at all.<br />But buying this complete series was a risk. And this risk was worth it. The theme was unexpected (although done before in some other occasional forgettable movies) for a TV Series, quirky theme song and yet, it has win me over watching each episode. It has everything that is like in perfect order - story, humor, interesting crew, action and wit.<br />With only 14 episodes (and I just realized by turning the back of the box that it mention 3 episodes were never air in U.S. and the 2nd episode was the opening episode of &quot;Firefly&quot;), I really wish Fox shouldn't cancel the series.<br />But now finally its in my hands with all the episodes and the extras, I can watch it in my country that never even air it in the first place. <br />If you love something different in science fiction genre, this is the one for you. I'm not a Buffy or Angel fan, but Whedon had made me a fan for &quot;Firefly&quot;.
B000002A3T|1.0|It is truly sad to see how far this once great band has slipped. To say this last effort is uninspired is a mild understatement. This is another David Gilmour mockery. The sad thing is that, it is really not Gilmour at all. Since nobody left in the band really has any vision or anything to say, they had to hire song writers to pen most of this garbage. I guess they told the writers to try to do a parody of an earlier Pink Floyd album. Sadly, they chose to parody \\"A Momentary Lapse of Reason.\\" Tragic, however I guess David needs the money. Lord knows that cheeseburgers are expensive.
0448060191|5.0|This is a wonderful little book -a definite GREAT BUY! My wonderful mother read this to me and my brothers and sisters and we thought it was SUPERB!!!! This is an excellent price too! Why wait any longer to buy this great book which should become a family classic in your family as it is in mine.?
0446310786|5.0|I was not exactly interested in a book so old that both of my parents had read it. It had never occurred to me that a book written almost half a century ago could actually be entertaining, but To Kill A Mockingbird was an exception. I was intrigued by this powerful piece of literature that had touched the lives of millions of readers. After having enjoyed the book, I went out and rented the Academy-Award winning film that was also considered a classic. Could the film really capture the book in all of its essence? I had never seen a film that had actually been better that the book, but I gave it a try. Overall, the film had been exceptionally good and had captured some very important and meaningful parts in a stunning and excellent manner. It had brought the action and emotion to life. Yet, as one would expect, the book was still superior to and more entertaining than the film.<br /> I have never liked the fact that filmmakers usually must exclude some small parts of the book save time, but normally I just let it go and enjoy the movie in all of its brilliance. I could have done the same when viewing To Kill A Mockingbird the film, but the filmmakers had cut out some outstanding parts that had great significance in the book. I was annoyed that they had cut so many parts. For example, in the book, Miss Maudie's house catches fire and an old fire truck, killed by the cold, is pushed from town by a group of men. All the men of Maycomb bring Miss Maudie's furniture out of the house and onto a yard across the street as the flames devour Miss Maudie's home. In the midst of all of this emergency, as Scout and Jem watch in awe, Boo Radley comes up behind Scout and puts a blanket around her without her even knowing it until later that night when Atticus sees it. Still, Scout and Jem are not convinced that Boo Radley could ever be a kind person, let alone a friend of theirs. This part shows Jem and Scout still not being able to see the real Boo Radley, both physically and mentally. <br /> The film also did not include many of the small details that illustrate the fact that Jem and Scout are growing up. The book shows some evidence that Scout and Dill are \\"engaged\\" and are to be married when the time comes. However, the film only portrays the two as being merely friends. Also, the film gives no mention of Aunt Alexandra, Atticus' sister, who wants Scout to become more of a sophisticated young woman and takes action when she invites Scout to a tea party that is only took part in by the mature and experienced women of Maycomb. Alexandra also has some arguments with Atticus about not to letting Scout \\"run wild\\". The latter parts of the book suggest that Jem is becoming a young man. He becomes slightly grouchy and less kind to Scout and begins to grow hair under his arms. The film disregards these details that contributed so much to the meaning and quality of the book. The book suggests that, during Mr. Gilmer's (Mr. Ewell's lawyer's) cross-examination of Tom Robinson, Scout and Jem take Dill out of the courtroom when Dill starts to cry because he is disgusted by Mr. Gilmer's arrogant attitude toward Tom Robinson. The three children begin to realize the hatred and inhumanity of the world they live in. The film completely ignores the fact that Scout is trying to deal with all the problems of the growing up and maturing of herself and others in the book.<br /> To Kill A Mockingbird the film had never really matched intensity that the book had so often portrayed. The film never touched the core of all human behavior and dignity. However, I was not disappointed or surprised that the film had never reached the level of passion and heartrending that the book had. A film can never reach that level of authenticity and heart. It will only try and fail. Today, To Kill A Mockingbird may be, to some, a book too old and dull to find enjoyment in, but that, in any circumstance, will never be true with an enduring masterpiece such as this.
B00005N5S5|4.0|The first time I watch &quot;The Terminator&quot;, it had open doors to me what science fiction really means. The first time I remember those words... &quot;I'll be back.&quot;. The first time I hear about a doom future. The first time I see a Terminator without the flesh. At the end of it, it was one of the coolest movies I had ever watched... and I didn't get to own it.<br />Years till now, I finally own it on DVD (I missed the hologram cover version) and to my surprise, there is more to enjoy!<br />The movie is entirely remastered, with an added DTS sound (wish I had a DTS amp). But that's not all. Turn the disc to the other side, and the special extras will keep you drooling.<br />New documentaries that will shock you, deleted scenes that will astound you (and &quot;No Fate Of What We Made&quot; was spoken here first, not T-2), trailers you enjoy plus many still galleries.<br />Is it enough for this Special Edition? I would say yes. Its the definitive version you must own if you love the first movie. Be it as part of your collection... because it had become part of my own collection.
B000002C1W|1.0|I have to admit that I was a big Pink Floyd fan back in the day. Had all their stuff and loved all of it. I kind of lost interest after &quot;The Wall&quot; broke out as a huge hit. Recently I purchased &quot;The Final Cut&quot; and my love of Pink Floyd was reborn. So I figured I would go ahead and buy the next one. Well, I knew that Roger Waters had left and I was curious to see if David and the boys could carry on without him. They can't! This is just a mindless album. It is a desperate attempt to try to parody earlier recordings. However, after two tracks it starts to blend into one long David Gilmour solo that just does not seem to be going anywhere. Periodically there are shameless attempts at pop commercial singles. I have never been more let down from a band then I was by the so-called &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; on this one.
B000089RVX|5.0|I love Evanescence and I like the way that Amy Lee's Voice shines in all the songs. She put emotion in her music and all her heart and soul. The way her voice was in Haunted was awsome, how her voice sends chill down you spine. She hit the right notes as she sing and I hope that they keep up the good work.<br />The music keeps up with the Voice of Amy Lee and it really brings out the song and all its surroundings. I love how they even use a couple piano solos in this CD too. Evanescence is a great band and they will keep their style unique and not change it. I love this CD and I hope you like the reveiw.
B00008PC2O|3.0|After the first movie, the sequel was bigger and much better! But I didn't get a chance to get the Ultimate Edition of T-2. But when Artisan release Extreme DVD, I was anxious and waited and waited... and until it had release, I do have a few qualms.<br />Firstly, the metal case scratch the cover of the DVD casing. One pull, and its a goner. Worst yet, I can't out it back in. Secondly, I can enjoy both versions of the movie itself. But the 2nd disc was a BIG DISSAPOINTMENT to me. A few minutes of documentary and no trailers?!? Why even bother call it EXTREME DVD? I mean, the metal casing with the T-800 face on it was cool, but the content was nothing.<br />I like the movie a lot... but the extras were way too little and how I wish I can get the Ultimate Edition instead.<br />As a fan, this was a dissapointment to me for this edition. What saves it is only just the movies, the special features pulls the package down. Be warn about the metal case... your DVD plastic casing will be scratch.
B00006AW2S|5.0|The Stones walked a fence on this one.  While sticking to the formula of doing covers of great R&amp;B songs at the first of the album, they at last realized that they could write songs on their own that could compete with the best of the Beatles' songs.  Play with Fire, The Last Time, and Satisfaction made the music world take Jagger/Richards seriously.  Another thing that makes this album significant is the inclusion of the live recording of &quot;I'm alright.&quot;  At the time live takes were rare, mostly due to the fact that sound equipment used at most venues was still in the stone age, technically speaking.  I remember hearing that cut as a teen and having the hairs on my head stick up because for once you could hear and feel the excitement that this band could generate in a crowd.  It may not be a very good song but the effect it had on the listener could not be overvalued.
B000067G3C|3.0|Ok, when I watched it in the cinemas, it was great. The action was there, the intense feeling was there (its like &quot;24&quot;, only its almost 2 hours long), you grip on to your seat, you scream and shout and its like &quot;Keanu is so cool&quot; and all... and it was the complete hit for everyone. I was hook even.<br />But then comes the DVD Five Star Collection. Yes, the extras were there. Yes, some of the fun things about the making of the movie is there. The deleted scenes were necessary to be taken out from the movie and now you can watch it and say &quot;thank you for taking it out, Mr. Editor&quot; and most of all, the music video that isn't... well, anything exceptional.<br />Still, one of the most irritating features for this collection was the interactive menus. I had a hard time pressing for the selected path I want to go. Worst even I had to push the arrow button a few times to get there. And the opening of the menu... the music really gets me on my nerves.<br />All in all, yes I enjoyed the movie despite the flaws you can see while watching the movie. It can be part of your collection if you enjoy this movie... but then again, while watching one too many times, you might get tire of it. Still, a movie that makes Keanu looks cool... and that is before &quot;The Matrix&quot; even (which make him SUPER COOL!).
0064409422|3.0|I thought this book had  a lot of different intrests.It had suspense, action, and a happy ending. I thought it could have passed for  a decent book.
B0001I561E|5.0|\\"Aladdin\\" is one of Disney's more underappreciated movies. I'm still puzzled as to why \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" has soared to popularity but \\"Aladdin\\" has not. B&B does have somewhat more lucid and appealing animation yet its forgettable songs, complete absense of a plot, worst of all, its so-called villain, little more than a rejected stud, put that movie to shame. \\"Aladdin\\" is a much more mature work thanks to both Genie's (voiced by Robin Williams) non-stop spoofs and pranks and Disney's most delectable pair of bad guys: the elegant Grand Vizier Jafar (Jonothan Freeman) and his big-mouthed, comfort-loving parrot sidesick Iago (Gilbert Gottfried). Aladdin himself is a bit bland, but who could notice in this whirl of golden-tinted animation and mystery, not to mention singing? \\"Friend Like Me\\" and \\"Prince Ali\\" have both proved to be hit songs over the years. It is only fitting that the movie itself receive its share of fame.
B00003CXXM|4.0|This book is about a CIA agent who is found floating in the ocean, where he is picked up by a crew of fisherman. The small bullets and metal piece the ships &quot;doctor&quot; pulls from his back are strange, one has markings on it. Matt Damon plays the CIA agent who is now stricken with amnesia and has no idea who or what he is. He follows the strange code on the medal piece which leads him to a bank in Zurich. There, in a safe deposit box, he finds his identity - sort of. This is a must for Robert Ludlum readers.
B00008OLYN|4.0|I had first heard Opeth last year through a friend's copy of Blackwater Park. While I could appreciate their ample musical talents and skill at blending soft acoustic passages with potent death metal, I couldn't get into them. Mikael Akerfeldt's growling ruined it for me, turning some incredible music into what I though at the time was over the top and abrasive (that opinion has since changed).<br />However, when I heard that the band was coming out with an all-soft album (on the heels of their heaviest album yet, no less), I was definitely interested. I bought Damnation not long after it made it to the 'States. The verdict? Well, this is definitely a satisfying, moving, and beautiful album--however, Damnation will disappoint some Opeth fans due to the absence of the dynamics that were shown on the band's other albums. While that's not an entirely unfair criticism, this was never supposed to be just another Opeth release. It's an experiment, and overall I think it paid off. Of course the one-dimensional metalheads will dismiss this album as wimpy, but that's their loss. Opeth was never strictly about death metal anyway. Opeth is Opeth.<br />If you are considering Damnation and think it's going to be an album of full acoustic ballads like Harvest (from Blackwater Park), you'd be wrong. Damnation is soft, yes, but it features clean electric lead guitar lines by Peter Lindgren and the occassional metal-informed parts--listen to the solos between verses in Death Whispered A Lullaby and at the end of Closure. While I wouldn't call it straight-up metal, the sound occassionally edges closer to it than you might think. Still, there are no growls, blastbeats, or loudly distorted guitars and the overall sound is a lot closer to Nick Drake than it is to your typical Gothenburg death metal.<br />Also present are jazz and progressive rock elements; the former in Martin Lopez's drumming (which is complex but never overwhelming) and the latter in Steven Wilson's mellotrons. Wilson also produces the album (this is his third album with Opeth) and provides backing vocals on Windowpane.<br />As for the music itself, Damnation is full of beautiful electric/acoustic guitar harmonies, wonderful clean singing by Akerfeldt, hauntingly sad and wistful lyrics, and crystal-clear production (you can even hear the bass, yay!). The 7-minute opener Windowpane is the best song here, offering up pretty mellotrons and chiming guitars. In My Time Of Need features a transcendent chorus, while Closure builds to a deliciously ominous climax. Hope Leaves and To Rid The Disease are delicate and gorgeous, while Ending Credits is a nice little instrumental. The creepy Weakness ends the album, with Akerfeldt's overdubbed vocals over a dark backdrop. My only complaint is at a mere 43 minutes, I am left wanting more.<br />I give this album a four-star rating, not because of any actual faults with the music, but because this is only one side of the Opeth experience, and I'd be remiss if I didn't point that out. However, this is a good place to start with the band, since it is by far their most easily accessible offering. After buying this, I recommend purchasing Morningrise, Still Life, and Blackwater Park (in that order). If you still strongly dislike the growled vocals, Damnation will still be pleasing, though if you don't explore their other albums I feel that you're really missing out on something great.ilson also produces the album (this is his third album with Opeth) and provides backing vocals on Windowpane. <br />As for the music itself, Damnation is full of beautiful electric/acoustic guitar harmonies, wonderful clean singing by Akerfeldt, hauntingly sad and wistful lyrics, and crystal-clear production (you can even hear the bass, yay!). The 7-minute opener Windowpane is the best song here, offering up pretty mellotrons and chiming guitars. In My Time Of Need features a transcendent chorus, while Closure builds to a deliciously ominous climax. Hope Leaves and To Rid The Disease are delicate and gorgeous, while Ending Credits is a nice little instrumental. The creepy Weakness ends the album, with Akerfeldt's overdubbed vocals over a dark backdrop. My only complaint is at a mere 43 minutes, I am left wanting more. <br />I give this album a four-star rating, not because of any actual faults with the music, but because this is only one side of the Opeth experience, and I'd be remiss if I didn't point that out. However, this is a good place to start with the band, since it is by far their most easily accessible offering. After buying this, I recommend purchasing Morningrise, Still Life, and Blackwater Park (in that order). If you still strongly dislike the growled vocals, Damnation will still be pleasing, though if you don't explore their other albums I feel that you're really missing out on something great.
0780628551|5.0|In this drama, a loving astronaut's wife wishes him well as he embarks on yet another space shuttle mission. There are problems however, when the two astronauts on board leave the ship to fix a problem. For two minutes, NASA cannot reach them. Those two minutes turn out to be the evil of all evils. When Johnny Depp, who plays one of the astronauts, comes home to his wife, he acts like nothing has happened, yet something very sinister has just come to earth, and start popping the popcorn, you don't want to miss this one.
B00008DDXB|4.0|The only thing the first and second Harry Potter have in common is they keep leaving a lot of details and scenes from the books. <BR> But this Harry Potter was more improved than the first one. The acting was way better, the special effects were good, and the cool use of humor throughout the movie to make it seem more interesting. <BR>  But for people who do not like Harry Potter, may think of this movie as slow. If you read the book and you like Harry Potter then go ahead and see if you like it.
B00000IMTF|2.0|I bought Rainbow Rising because Axel Rudi Pell, the German<br />Heavy Metal King, cites it as a main musical influence in his youth. Well here we have an example of the pupil surpassing the master! Repetitious heavy metal without creativity or melody just<br />won't do it for me; it's OK for 5 minutes after days of musical abstinence but then I'm bored. ...
B00003CXI0|4.0|This was a good movie. I think Daniel Radcliff was perfect to be Harry Potter. All the the other actors fitted in good enough. But one thing that bothered me was the movie was nothing like the book. They left too many details and scenes out. I think that threw the movie off from being perfect as the book. <BR>    The acting was pretty good but not that perfect. The special effects impressed me alot especially with the three headed dog, the Qudditch match, the dragon, and the two headed man. <BR>    Overall I think this was a really good movie. I just bought the movie 2 months ago and every friday night my little sister is like &quot;let's watch Harry Potter&quot;. I would recommend reading the book first before seeing the movie. The book was better.
B00003CXE7|4.0|This is definately the type of movie that brings a new approach to Roman history and Rome itself.<br />The movie starts with a deep sense that Maximus is a leader, yet a very loyal follower with deep respect for his leader, Ceasar.  It shows the respect an army has for its leader and reveals a respect for the soldier at first.  Yet, you will see when the one who is ultimately in charge desires, followers will do as they are told, nothing asked, to destroy someone who was loyal.<br />This movie made Crows career, and he made the movie a good one.  He was good in LA Confidential and great in this.<br />The movie takes us to 4 locations, 5 if you count the Elysian fields.  You wonder if there will be a Spartacus type uprising after Maximus is revealed in Rome.  The portrayal of the Coliseum is magnificent.<br />There are some clever scenes to the movie as well, well thought out interplays between the character and his or her actions.  You wonder if Maximus ever will get his revenge on the new Ceasar.<br />From the first effects of a great battle with the German tribes in the north to the last scene in the Coliseum, this movie with its epic proportions will not dissappoint you.<br />It is a movie of courage and endurance.  A good example of how someone who is at the end of their rope can more than hang on to live to conquer again.
1577311760|5.0|I have the book and the tapes..It is hard to let go of the seeking identity... something that had brought me closer to other seekers.. and initially, it was comforting to be around others who were seeking..   To hear that the seeking identity kept me from finding seemed at first incomprehensible.. but then.. the mind always finds a way to stay busy..excuses to stay in the drivers seat...so it was just perfect that my mind would come right in to defend the seeking.... laughing out loud at how what gets you there is a thing you must let go of.. 10,000 things.. one at a time.. or all at once..<BR>I listen to the tapes in my car.. The words float in and out without effort and what sticks sticks.. no hurry, nothing is lost..I play them again and hear something I didn't hear before..<BR>In a traffic tie-up, I rejoice that I can relax and enjoy the tapes instead of fretting...<BR>the tapes will be one of the last things I give up..(I gave away my book in the course of Miracles, which suddenly seemed overly complex)<BR>thank you for writing something that is accessable (language), practical(actually works),  this book has been very good news for me..<BR>Jennifer Berringer
079213690X|5.0|Gibson does a spectacular job of portraying life in a time when there were no roads, houses were non-existent and cities were only in places like mainland Europe.<br />The life of the Scots and the life of Wallace as a hero of Scotland under the heel of the British monarchy is an epic tale that will entertain and enlighten you.  There is a little bit of British bashing done here.  Who knows if Longshanks was such a rat.  However, the concept of Prima Nota and the over arching trouble that was caused the citizens of Scotland because the British wanted tribute and gave little in return.<br />This is a movie about bravery, of course, and about patriotism, which is so much not in vogue today.  The question you ask yourself is when is it right to stand up for yourself, who do you look to for an answer?  If someone stands up, do you know if it is appropriate to follow?<br />There is revenge in this movie, a hatred for the British, a desire for freedom.<br />At times the movie is a bit gorey, however, that is what makes it seem real.  You sometimes feel you are in the battle with them.  This is a movie definately to have in your video/DVD library.
B00008EY9G|1.0|Identity is one of those movies that pisses me off. All of the reviews for the film claimed it was good but what I got was a knock off of other films. This plot has been overdone and has been done better by other writers and directors. Half of the cast was boring.  The characters were one-sided. This film was dumbed down and nothing smart at all. If you want to see a smart film done better, than watch some of the older films from the 60's which originated this tired plot. When it comes to Identity the ending cannot be ruined because it's nothing original. I suppose this is interesting if you haven't been around more than two years. If you have, you've seen this film done better 1,000 times. People who think this plot was original must not read books at all because I can name twelve books alone that have done this and BETTER. And though everyone has their opinion, I can't see how this movie is getting 4 and 5 star reviews. Come on folks! With such a good cast this movie was pitiful. I recommend anything with Cusack but this.  This was strictly pathetic.  This movie was about as original as a Godzilla remake.
B000069AUI|4.0|&quot;A Rush of Blood to the Head&quot; is a very quiet album, filled with an intensity that could only come from a British band. Coldplay's second album is piano-driven, and Chris Martin's intense lyrics and harmonious voice take center stage, transforming him into an unlikely star on the music scene. <br />Some may call this album too boring, but this is not the case, instead, each song is a small journey through the mind of the band at the time, a true snapshot of their lives when these songs were written and recorded. Who knows, their next album could be completely different from this contemplative effort. The best tracks here are numbers 1 through 5, including all four singles they have released from the disc. My personal favorite is &quot;The Scientist&quot;, a love song that brings in the &quot;questions of science&quot;. <br />This may not be an album to cruise to, but it is a nice, relaxing disc, yet one that still sounds better when the volume is cranked up. The simplistic music still has some serious kick to it, shown in the accentuated beats of &quot;Politik&quot;. &quot;A Rush of Blood...&quot; is better than their first album, and now we must wait and see if this band has found their niche, or if the next album will change along with their lives as they have entered British rock royaly, for now.
B000088E6D|5.0|I'm maxing my bets for a Valentine gift I really want. I bought Michael Buble's cd for 'us'. <BR>Listening to FM radio recently we heard Kissing A Fool - not the original George Michael version, and wondered who did such a great remake. It took a little research, but paid dividends. <BR>My husband thinks highly of MoonDance and I just can't get enough SummerWind.
B000002H97|5.0|The Black Album is where everything changed for Metallica. After the release of this album, they went from being the biggest metal band in the world to simply being one of the biggest bands in the world. From this album came hit singles and popular music videos, something the band had never really experienced before. <br />After the soaring epic songwriting of &quot;...And Justice For All&quot;, the band needed to simplify their work, so the songs here are shorter and more simple. Some would say they were made like this for easier radio play, but this is more a musical maturation than most fans would like to admit. There is definitely that Metallica crunch in these songs, and Lars Ulrich's kick drum still resonates with every beat. <br />There are so many classic songs on this album, including &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, but the far and away best song here is &quot;Sad But True&quot;, possibly the heaviest Metallica song. It's slow churning beat is a punishing assault on the ears, and it is a great song. <br />Many people turned their backs on Metallica after this record, and it is true that the nineties were not the best period for this band, but the Black Album cannot be overlooked for its timeless brilliance. Thirteen years after its release, it is still a top seller. Kirk Hammet said once that this album was there &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, an album that stayed on the charts for seventeen years. Well, the Black Album is not that far off from that record. This disc bridged the gap, and brought metal into a more mainstream market, bringing along a musical revolution. Think of the songs that were getting the most airplay in 1990, and then think of how things changed by 1991-92. Metallica played their part in the transformation, as well as opening the door for other metal acts to gain popularity.
B00008WT5E|4.0|Malcom and Angus both cite this as their favorite studio album, and while one might assume it`s just because they`re sick of being lauded for &quot;Back in Black&quot;, after a few listens you begin to see why. The songs on &quot;Powerage&quot; aren`t as instantly identifiable or radio-friendly as their better-known material, but there isn`t a bad cut on the record, and it`s a wonder how some of them have been so overlooked. &quot;Damnation&quot; is the band at it`s best, with a simple but effective guitar part accompanying Scott, who stretches his vocal chords to their absolute limit. Another top-shelf track is &quot;Riff Raff&quot;, which is like &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie&quot; on overdrive&quot;. Throw in the bass-heavy thump of &quot;Gimme a Bullet&quot; and the sprawling &quot;Gone Shootin`&quot;, and you`ve got nothing short of a classic hard rock album. &quot;Sin City&quot; is also a criminally underrated track from this band. In fact, it`s amazing that even fans of AC/DC are largely unaware of this album, since I`d rate it as their best second to, of course, BIB.<BR>Not a great jumping off point for beginners or casual fans of the band, but no true AC/DC-phile`s collection is complete without &quot;Powerage&quot;
B000002H6C|5.0|&quot;...And Justice For All&quot; has to be considered one of the best metal guitar records of all time, or even one of the best guitar records of all time, metal or not. The songs Metallica came up with for this album are unbelievably intricate, each song using a minimum of five different riffs. There are changes galore here, from rhythm to tempo. <br />This is the most political work the band has produced in their careers, citing the many injustices as the central theme to the album. And they do it well. The patented growl of James Hetfield has never been more menacing than on this album, and he barks out his meaningful lyrics with the authority of the metal god that he had become by this time. Hetfield and lead guitarist Kirk Hammet steal the show on this album, their talents culminating into some uber-heavy guitars and blazing solos. <br />The only problem with this disc, as surely everyone has pointed out, is the poor production. There is very little or no bass sound in any of the songs, and this is too bad, because this was the first album that Jason Newstead was a part of. He always added a thick heaviness to Metallica that would have made this disc even heavier, which is a scary propostition, because even without the bass, this is one of the heaviest albums ever. <br />The best songs here are &quot;Blackened&quot;, &quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot; and of course, &quot;One&quot;, the anti-war classic that also produced Metallica's very first music video. Every song here is long, because of the complexity of the song design, there is no way that any of these epics could be shortened. Many fans complain that the album after this, the Black album, was far too comercialized, and that the band made their songs too simple. This is true, there was a simplification to the Black album, but one must wonder where else the band could have gone musically. They proved that they could keep people interested for nine minutes during one song. So what else could they do? Try and maintain interest for 15 minutes? No. They had to go the other way, because trying to add to the intricacy of &quot;Justice&quot; would have been foolish. <br />&quot;Justice&quot; is just another in a long line of classic albums from Metallica, a band that forever changed the face of metal, and who showed us what heavy metal was really all about.
B0000028RR|4.0|This album was quite a surprise when I first heard it years ago.  Simply stated, this is a very good album.  The music flows well and supports the lyrics outstandingly.  Zach De La Rocha's lyrics however, indicate, at best, potential.  There is a very repetitious nature to the album, not to say that the message is belittled because of it.  It seems to me that De La Rocha was only beginning to come into his own lyrically, and was still learning how to fit his message in with the music.  As a whole this album was a positive indicator of things to come.
B000002H2H|5.0|So many bands fade out after their first release, and the reason is simple: a band has an entire lifetime to write their first album, and only a year or two to come up with their second. This definitely did not happen to Metallica. &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is an absolute classic, and the band's second-best disc in their long distinguished careers. In the two years between &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; and &quot;Ride&quot;, the band grew in leaps and bounds musically. The development of each of the members is astronomical, and they fused together to make thrash perfection. <br />The start of the disc is a slow, acoustic intro that sounds very classicaly influenced, before it explodes into the furious speed of &quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot;, one of the band's fastest songs ever. There are several classics on this album, including the concert staples &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Fade to Black&quot;. There is no weakness on this album, although many would debate that &quot;Escape&quot; is a weak song. It is not bad, but it does not seem to fit on this album, it seems more in tune with something from the Black album. <br />&quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is pure genius from beginning to end, a true metal masterpiece. The only thing more incredible than this album is that Metallica managed to get even better for &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;.
0385504209|1.0|I agree with all of the readers who give this book 1 star (or less, if possible).  Many have observed that Brown obviously steals from the research of HOLY BLOOD HOLY GRAIL.  However, I have yet to see anyone state that the bulk of Brown's sex goddess theology (including gothic arch \\"vaginas\\") comes straight off the pages of THE TEMPLAR REVELATION by Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince.  Read these two books, and you'll see that Brown's so-called \\"research\\" took perhaps all of two weeks to compile.  Everything in Da Vinci Code is somewhere in these two books.  He is neither original, nor is he a good writer.  Baigent, Leigh, Lincoln, Picknett, and Prince, in my opinion, have grounds to bring a plagiarism suit against Brown.  I hope they do.  I hope they win.
B0001I561E|5.0|Some of us thought this classic movie would never be released on DVD, Aladdin is one of the most well rounded Disney films that was released in the early 90's. It is above and beyond my favorite Disney film. If your children have yet to experiance This Arabian adventure than i strongly suggest that you pre-order this wonderful view of a whole new world. Robin Williams as the voice of Genie started the beginning of Big name stars shinning their talents on animated films.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This film is a gem. Granted, there is a percentage of folks who saw this film that thought it was slow or overrarted. You are always going to find these mediocre minds, and some even like to write reviews to spare you from it. Right off hopefully you can see that any film that garners such hot and cold reactions should be seen. I am going to sum this up by saying that Sofia Coppola's vision and the actors performnces made me feel like I was let in on a wonderful idea that works extremely well. Even if I don't get to know what he whispers to her in the end.....I can imagine..
B00000ADG2|1.0|I was excited getting this album after hearing the heaps of acclaim from reviewers.  What a soulless bore.  Neneh Cherry did this with more brains and heart, for god's sake.
B00013F35I|5.0|I had no problems with the sound, my problem with the DVD is I thought it was edited very badly.  The picture is choppy and does not go from scene to scene very well.  The New York City DVD is better... But, having said that, this DVD is definitely worth having.  There is nothing on this earth like a Springsteen concert and when the whole place started jumping up and down during &quot;Badlands&quot; it gave me chills and brought back tons of Springsteen concert memories.
0345446798|5.0|This book does not deal much with the &quot;how-to's&quot; of training a dog, but it sets a good foundation for building a solid human/dog relationship, which is essential to all good training.<br />McConnell explains many of the common mistakes humans make in their interactions with dogs, and she does so without coming off as preachy or judgmental.  Although some of it might seem like common sense, her writing encourages healthy reflection in the reader.  If we are more aware of how we our own actions are perceived by our canine buddies, we might put more thought into our training methods.<br />She does get into some specifics, such as how to teach your dog to politely wait at the door instead of barging through.  With the help of this book, I've become better at using my body language to communicate with my dog in situations such as this, and it has helped greatly.<br />I found her view of dominance to be very interesting, because in my dog's obedience class, I was taught very differently.  I don't have any dominance problems with my dog, so I really can't comment on the effectiveness of her approach if your dog does have such problems, although her advice seems to make sense.  But I still appreciated her view that we are to act as benevolent leaders, rather than aggressively forcing our dogs into submission.  Also, many doggie behavioral problems are not dominance-related at all, but they are viewed that way too often.<br />This book was also very entertaining.  I enjoyed reading about McConnell's own dogs, as well as the many stories of other dogs she has worked with.  Overall, I found this book to be very enjoyable and informative.
630170648X|5.0|&quot;To Be or Not to Be&quot; has the distinction of being the last movie starring Carole Lombard before her tragic death in an airplane crash in 1942 and is also remembered as having Jack Benny's finest film performance.  But beyond the qualities of the stars Ernst Lubitsch's film deserves to be singled out for its anti-Nazis position, a distinction shared with Charlie Chaplin's &quot;The Great Dictator&quot; and few other films.  Keep in mind that the film was released on February 15, 1942, not only a month after Lombard's death but only two months after Pearl Harbor, which means it was in the works before the United States entered World War II.<br />Lubitsch and Melchior Lengyel came up with the story, which was turned into a screenplay by Edwin Justus Mayer.  The story of &quot;To Be or Not to Be&quot; is of a Polish theatrical company that is in Warsaw preparing to perform an anti-Nazi melodrama on the eve of World War II.  In the leading roles are the husband and wife team of Maria (Lombard) and Joseph Tura (Benny), who are trained in Shakespeare.  However, the production is canceled by the Polish government because they are afraid Germany will attack the country is a play critical of the Nazis goes on (you know how touchy Hitler can be).  So the Turas put on &quot;Hamlet&quot; instead and while Joseph does Hamlet's &quot;To be or not to be&quot; soliloquy, Maria is visited backstage by Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski (Robert Stack), a young pilot in the Polish Air Force.  Then the war breaks out, Sobinski makes it to London to fight with the RAF, and the Turas remain in occupied Warsaw.<br />While in London Sobinski meets with Professor Siletsky (Stanley Ridges), a Nazi agent posing as a Polish patriot, who gets the names of friends and relatives from the pilots.  Sobinski becomes suspicious and is sent to Warsaw to recover the list from Siletsky before he gives it to the Nazis.  In Warsaw Maria helps Sobinski, but then she is arrested by the Gestapo as Siletsky tries to get her to join the Third Reich.  To rescue his wife Joseph and the other actors masquerade as Nazi soldiers and end up with one of them (Tom Duggan) dressing up as Hitler to help in the great escape.<br />This is a comedy, but it is not a broad comedy in which the whole thing descends into slapstick, otherwise the overt attempts at anti-Nazi propaganda would not work.  There is a similarity between &quot;To Be or Not to Be&quot; and the television situation comedy &quot;Hogan's Heroes,&quot; in terms of presenting the Nazis as incompetent buffoons, personified by Sig Ruman as Colonel Ehrhardt.  The difference is that Lubitsch still manages to work in the idea that the Nazis are also killer clowns.  However, the biggest joke is that these actors, less than inspiring on the stage in Shakespeare, are so convincing playing Nazis.  Meanwhile, Joseph cannot quite bring himself to belief that Maria is actually cheating on him.<br />Keep in mind that when this film was made &quot;concentration camps&quot; did not mean what they mean today; the terms was used by the United States to describe the camps in which Japanese-Americans were interred during the war.  But then when you see Jack Benny walk in as a Nazi you know this is a different time and place.  The humor is pretty coarse for a film from the early Forties (e.g., Ehrhardt recalls Joseph's performance of &quot;Hamlet&quot; and declares, &quot;What he did to Shakespeare we are doing to Poland&quot;), but then keep in mind who is being made fun of here and you have to admire the bite that they put into some of these bits.  Benny is pretty much perfect for this part and Lombard sparkles throughout.  As is usually the case, the original is much better than the 1983 remake with the husband and wife team of Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft.letsky tries to get her to join the Third Reich.  To rescue his wife Joseph and the other actors masquerade as Nazi soldiers and end up with one of them (Tom Duggan) dressing up as Hitler to help in the great escape. <br />This is a comedy, but it is not a broad comedy in which the whole thing descends into slapstick, otherwise the overt attempts at anti-Nazi propaganda would not work.  There is a similarity between &quot;To Be or Not to Be&quot; and the television situation comedy &quot;Hogan's Heroes,&quot; in terms of presenting the Nazis as incompetent buffoons, personified by Sig Ruman as Colonel Ehrhardt.  The difference is that Lubitsch still manages to work in the idea that the Nazis are also killer clowns.  However, the biggest joke is that these actors, less than inspiring on the stage in Shakespeare, are so convincing playing Nazis.  Meanwhile, Joseph cannot quite bring himself to belief that Maria is actually cheating on him.  <br />Keep in mind that when this film was made &quot;concentration camps&quot; did not mean what they mean today; the terms was used by the United States to describe the camps in which Japanese-Americans were interred during the war.  But then when you see Jack Benny walk in as a Nazi you know this is a different time and place.  The humor is pretty coarse for a film from the early Forties (e.g., Ehrhardt recalls Joseph's performance of &quot;Hamlet&quot; and declares, &quot;What he did to Shakespeare we are doing to Poland&quot;), but then keep in mind who is being made fun of here and you have to admire the bite that they put into some of these bits.  Benny is pretty much perfect for this part and Lombard sparkles throughout.  As is usually the case, the original is much better than the 1983 remake with the husband and wife team of Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft.
B00005JLH3|5.0|If you have ever been in a black marching band . . . better yet, if you have ever went to a black high school or college where the kids went to the game, not to see the game, but to watch the band at half time, then you need to rent this DVD.  It is tight!  It reminded me so much of the life I used to know in the band: challenge, initiation, seniors going crazy with their power-tripping, the difference between chorus style marching (white bands) and military style marching (black bands)!  It's all there.  There are two more pluses.  (1) There's a nice little romance going on.  (2) J. Anthony Brown from the Tom Joyner Radio show is in the movie as the band director from the &quot;bad&quot; rival band and HE IS A TRIIIPPP!!!  He is funny as hell and he reminds me of real band directors who used to shake their booties at the other band when they direct.  This is a tight DVD!!!  Buy it today.  It is so real.
B00014K5TQ|1.0|\\"Party Monster\\" has been touted as Macaulay Culkin's comeback vehicle, his first movie since 1994's \\"Richie Rich.\\" Perhaps he should have stayed in retirement. Even without his saggy performance, the film is a mess of bad filming, poorly-used actors and a floppy script.<br />Club scenes of the 1980s and early 1990s were wild, weird and sometimes deadly. Bisexual, party-boy organizer Michael Alig (Macaulay Culkin) was originally a Midwestern kid, but he became a New York underground legend. Drugs, clubbing and wild, reckless behavior were what he and his pals indulged in.<br /><br />He seemed to be on top of the world -- he had his own label, magazine, girlfriend Gitsie (Chlo Sevigny) and he was the host of a major club night. But his drug addictions were increasingly controlling his life, twisting it in until it imploded. That implosion came when he not only murdered his roommate and drug dealer Angel Melendez (Wilson Cruz) with Drano and a hammer, but told the world on live television.<br /><br />Biopics of murderers -- especially addicted, unpleasant, arrogant ones -- are never easy to pull off. The movie failed to make me feel any real interest in Alig's motivations, his inner deterioration, or really anything except \\"So, this is what the 80s/90s club scene was like.\\" The grotesquely fascinating whirl of color and drugs was both repulsive and fascinating.<br /><br />Despite being released in theatres, \\"Party Monster\\" just screams \\"college film.\\" Camerawork is fuzzy and wobbling, and the script brims over with idiot cliches. Lines like \\"We don't do, we just are!\\" and \\"I'm not addicted to drugs, I'm addicted to glamour\\" are apparently supposed to pass for wit, but they merely made me groan instead.<br /><br />Unlike some of his contemporaries such as Elijah Wood and Anna Paquin (or even his little bro Kieran Culkin), Macaulay Culkin can't carry films like this. There's one simple reason: He isn't a good enough actor. Throughout \\"Party Monster, he seems to barely emote when it's called for, and overacts on the rare occasions where he seems to be giving it a shot. Cruz has a certain poignant appeal, Wilmer Vanderrama exhibits plenty of charm and Seth Green is clearly giving his flamboyant, balanced character his best, but they're all bogged down by this putrid film's poor writing. The rest of the characters melt into the colorful backdrop, like decorations.<br /><br />If this sort of sloppy, unappealing film is what lured Culkin out of retirement, maybe he should consider a new agent. \\"You'll love me, I promise,\\" Alig announces at one point. Wanna bet, club kid?acts on the rare occasions where he seems to be giving it a shot. Cruz has a certain poignant appeal, Wilmer Vanderrama exhibits plenty of charm and Seth Green is clearly giving his flamboyant, balanced character his best, but they're all bogged down by this putrid film's poor writing. The rest of the characters melt into the colorful backdrop, like decorations.    If this sort of sloppy, unappealing film is what lured Culkin out of retirement, maybe he should consider a new agent. \\"You'll love me, I promise,\\" Alig announces at one point. Wanna bet, club kid?
0316666343|5.0|I started reading this book last year and to be honest, the first few chapters just weren't doing it for me. It wasn't until I began to re-read this year, that I fell in love with the story of Susie Salmon! The author certainly put her heart and soul into this work, and I guarantee, if you love works of passion as much as I do, you will indeed love this heart-wrenching tale. The perspective, being told from Heaven, is what takes this could-be-average-everyday-story and makes it everything you least expect! I fell in love with the reality behind Susie's murder and it's extraordinary portrayal through each of the characters in the book. I urge you - buy this book!!
B0000DZ3EN|3.0|The latest release of &quot;Return to OZ&quot; (a re-release despite Disney saying it's new to DVD on the box) is a mixed blessing.  While it's nice to have an anamorphic transfer of the film, the film itself is a disappointing transfer.  At least the Anchor Bay version wasn't filled with scratches and dirt as this Dsiney reissue of the film is.  Also, I couldn't pick a chapter by pressing a number on the remote but had to hit the forward button to get to the one I wanted.  This wasn't a problem with the Anchor Bay version but is on the Disney one.  On the other hand, the Disney version has a few more extras than the old release.  Besides the short featurette that was on the old release, we have a trailer and some tv spots.  The trailer is alright but why bother with those tv spots when they are in such lousy condition.  They were pieced together from various sources (most look like 2nd-3rd generation video copies complete with timecode).  Anyway, if you have the Anchor Bay version of &quot;Return to Oz&quot;, hold on to it but if you want a version that'll fit your widescreen televisions, get the Disney DVD of the film.
B00005JLT5|5.0|This extraordinary film serves skillfully as a poetic reminder of humanities startling capacity for insufferable cruelty towards one another and amazing capacity for kindness to one another in particularly difficult situations!  Although there are several scenes throughout this film that are dreadfully difficult to watch it is a film that should be watched and the reminders it displays continued to be learned in the sincere hopes that nothing like this ever happens again in the future of humanity.<br />It is of little wonder that this film that is based on a true story won three Academy awards; Best Actor for Adrien Brody, Best Director for Roman Polanski and Best (Adapted) Screenplay for Ronald Harwood.  Adrien Brody's unforgettable performance is nothing short of stunning as he plays Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Jewish pianist caught up in the Nazi's war against the Jewish in Poland during World War II.  This extraordinary film wouldn't have been as nearly successful without the exceptional performance given by all the supporting actors in this film as well who all deserve as much praise as possible for their parts.<br />Strangely enough, this is the first film I've watched that was directed by Roman Polanski, which is a mistake that will be corrected.  From the beginning to the end this film is a highly gripping one and I'm sure the credit for that goes just as much to Roman Polanski's direction as it does the script and the actors performances.<br />The Premise:<br />\\"The Pianist\\" is the true story Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Polish man of Jewish faith who, with his family and millions of others, was swept up in the Nazi occupation of Poland and their quest to exterminate the Jewish people.  Szpilman, being an exceptional pianist finds himself spared from the horrible train ride to a death camp but must bare the memory of watching his entire family take that ride as he continues to do what he must to survive to make it to the end of the war...<br />It is exceedingly difficult not to find yourself shedding a tear for the events that go on throughout this true tale of survival during the holocaust, which brings that much more poignancy to the film and its story.  I highly recommend this film to any and all!  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />-A Story of Survival:  Insight into the making of the film and its authenticity<BR>-Roman Polanski's own story of survival during WWII<BR>-Behind the scenes interviews with Oscar winners Roman Polanski, Adrien Brody and Ronald Harwood<BR>-Clips of Wladyslaw Szpilman playing the piano
B0001AP12G|5.0|This really is the best Hip-Hop CD in years. Kanye West has restored the genre to its old glory. He doesn't need to rely on gimmicks to make this album sell, just pure heart and soul on every track. Kanye is taking Hip Hop in the direction that we could have only dreamed of a year ago. It's a brave new world, and Hip Hop will extend its life and value because of his willingness to do something different.<br />I hope Kanye has many props coming his way. Because if you can write a rap about Jesus and have God grooving to it at the same time as everyone else, then you should definitely get some recognition for your effort. \\"Jesus Walks\\" is a stunner.<br />Kanye isn't flashy on the mike, but he doesn't need to be. He sticks to the basics and it works well for him. He comes across as smooth and confident. I would ignore the bad reviews because people always like to hate on someone that tries to be different. The only person Kanye is trying to be is himself.<br />This CD is a classic. People are going to be talking about it for a long time. Best to run out and get it while it's still available.
B00000JLWW|5.0|If this incredible films winning of eleven Academy awards including Best Picture and Best director and being the highest grossing film of all time doesn't speak for itself I don't know what else would.  \\"Titanic\\" is quite simply one of the best tales of a true life tragedy interspersed with a fictional love story ever made, all of which combines to make director James Cameron appear a true genius which in terms of being a film director he is.  Only one note of caution need be applied to watching this film on DVD and that is to know where the pause button is on your DVD player when considering the three hour length of the film.<br />I will freely admit that I'm not a big Leonardo DiCaprio fan but when it comes to this film he did an exceptional job in the role of Jack.  Instrumental in the success of this film, beyond the exceptional script, is the performance given by the ever beautiful Kate Winslet in the role of Rose.  Noteworthy are the performances given by the supporting cast to include the likes of David Warner, Kathy Bates and Billy Zane and of course a couple of James Cameron's staple actors who crop up in almost all of his films in Bill Paxton and Jenette Goldstein.<br />As testimony to the brilliance of director James Cameron one only needs to take a look at his list of directorial and script credits which includes; \\"The Terminator,\\" \\"Aliens,\\" \\"The Abyss,\\" \\"T2:  Judgment Day,\\" \\"True Lies\\" and \\"Titanic.\\"  With a list such as this one James Cameron has most certainly gone down in history as one of the most successful directors/screen writers in history and deservedly so.  It would be nice to see him take a break from television and take up the film directing mantle once again as one can almost call it a sure bet film when he's in the director's chair.<br />The Premise:<br />On April 14th, 1912 one of western civilization's most tragic events occurred when a ship thought to be unsinkable did exactly that, struck an iceberg and sank killing hundreds of passengers in the process as the ships builders seemed to have made one mistake after another in the construction of this \\"magnificent\\" vessel.<br />Director/screen writer James Cameron concocts a glorious love story around this true life tragedy and quite poignantly portrays the disparity of classes aboard the vessel as the first class passengers live in the lap of luxury even during the \\"abandonment\\" of the vessel while the poor are treated with palpable disdain to include being locked below decks after the ship begins to sink.<br />While the true story of this movie is the sinking of the ship told through Cameron's brilliant writing and direction there is whole myriad of other things going on that are not noticeable but would've been had they been done incorrectly, chief among these are the costumes and the sets of the Titanic.<br />The truly fictitious portion of this tragedy is told through Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart) as she regales present day treasure hunters of her time on the Titanic and the gloriously passionate but brief love affair between her and Jack Dawson who was a free spirited artist who taught her how to live despite his destiny...<br />I highly recommend this film to any and all who are fans of what movie making is all about!  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />-Theatrical Trailer
B00008XEP5|5.0|Diamond Head is not a well known band. They are in fact a very small British heavy metal band. I got my first diamond head cd in London. It is one of my favorite cds. Diamond Head had the most complex guitar of their time. Their songs had many different complictaed rythm sections with sweet solos. All this added together plus the vocals add up to one of my favorite metal cds of all time. They were one of the greates influences on metallica(the other being Motorhead) and have influenced me and my band alot. The production isn't the best but overall its one of the best cds ever.You should buy it if you like heavy metal and if you like new metal buy it and she where all your stuff started from.
B00005ATQD|1.0|I tried to watch this film more than once to see if I &quot;got it&quot;. I don't care if I did or didn't. This movie was so pointless and long that I just didn't care anymore. Plot:A husband and wife fighting all the time. Find something else to watch if you want to watch something Good.
1558216847|5.0|What is truth? What is reality? The narrator of \\"The Long Walk,\\" Slavomir Rawicz, clearly exhibits an unquenchable hatred for the Soviets and an undisguised disgust for the American and British leaders who allowed the Soviets to occupy and dominate his native land of Poland, to wit: \\"The Poles have suffered more than any other nation through the centuries.\\" \\"Then came Yalta with its humiliating sale of great parts of Europe to the bastardly, inhuman treatment by Stalin, the KGB, and the Moscow-trained puppets and paid stooges....\\"  \\"I lost my home in eastern Poland through the duping of Roosevelt and Churchill at Yalta, where they . . . signed away all of the Eastern Block countries to Russia, thus forcing these countries to follow the dictates of their Russian invaders.\\" Can we trust the truth of a narrative told by one with such emotions?<br />By his own admission as well as comments by Ronald Downing, a British newspaper reporter who wrote down Rawicz's narrative with the help of translating dictionaries, the narrator was never totally fluent in English. Considering the sensationalist types of stories that reporters write to sell newspapers, added to a language barrier, can we trust the reality of this narrative?<br />Can the reader believe that a small band of desperate men and, for part of the trip, a young woman, could actually cross rushing rivers in a Siberian winter without freezing to death? Could stagger across the Gobi Desert without water, surviving on half-cooked snake meat and mud? Could climb the Himalayas without gear or warm clothing? Could stare face to face with the yeti? Can the descriptions of these seemingly impossible feats be believed?<br />\\"The Long Walk\\" is a retold narrative of an incredible escape from a Siberian labor camp and the trek of a tiny band of ill-equipped men and one young woman for thousands of miles through blizzard, across burning desert, and over the highest mountain range on earth to the safety of India.  The story begins in 1939 and ends in 1942. Of the eight people who begin the trek, four end it. Is this a true story as the subtitle says: \\"The True Story of a Trek to Freedom\\"?<br />We must ask ourselves what truth is, what reality is, what accuracy is.  I believe that the events recorded in this book are indeed true and real, inasmuch as they are true and real in survivor Rawicz's mind and insofar as reporter Downing understood what Rawicz intended through the mixture of Polish, Russian and English through which the narrative unfolded. Had you and I been on that Himalayan peak with Rawicz, would we have seen the yeti also?  Perhaps not, but, in his state of mind, Rawicz did.<br />Whether or not each of us would have seen the many incidents of near death and nearly miraculous survival exactly as they are portrayed in the book is, of course, doubtful. After all, the book is showing them to us as they exist in the memories of a man driven nearly to insanity by extremities of suffering that we can only imagine. Plus, they are filtered again through the phraseology of a newspaper writer.  Nonetheless, this book succeeds in giving the reader a view of individual daring and suffering during World War II that the dry facts and statistics in high school and college history texts fail miserably to portray.  And, for that matter, never forget that even those books are written by victors and that the truth they describe may be quite different from the truth that exists in the minds of the vanquished. So, yes, this book is as true as any other histories you will read, and the history it presents is not one that you will easily forget.s in 1939 and ends in 1942. Of the eight people who begin the trek, four end it. Is this a true story as the subtitle says: \\"The True Story of a Trek to Freedom\\"?<br />We must ask ourselves what truth is, what reality is, what accuracy is.  I believe that the events recorded in this book are indeed true and real, inasmuch as they are true and real in survivor Rawicz's mind and insofar as reporter Downing understood what Rawicz intended through the mixture of Polish, Russian and English through which the narrative unfolded. Had you and I been on that Himalayan peak with Rawicz, would we have seen the yeti also?  Perhaps not, but, in his state of mind, Rawicz did. <br />Whether or not each of us would have seen the many incidents of near death and nearly miraculous survival exactly as they are portrayed in the book is, of course, doubtful. After all, the book is showing them to us as they exist in the memories of a man driven nearly to insanity by extremities of suffering that we can only imagine. Plus, they are filtered again through the phraseology of a newspaper writer.  Nonetheless, this book succeeds in giving the reader a view of individual daring and suffering during World War II that the dry facts and statistics in high school and college history texts fail miserably to portray.  And, for that matter, never forget that even those books are written by victors and that the truth they describe may be quite different from the truth that exists in the minds of the vanquished. So, yes, this book is as true as any other histories you will read, and the history it presents is not one that you will easily forget.
B00005Y228|5.0|Great pop dance album to dance to. All the songs are catchy. So go get it and shake that bootay.
B000089A06|4.0|While Silence of the Lambs is still my favorite movie because of the stunning acting of Hopkins and the engaging storyline...this one is a close second.  This is the beginning of the Hannibal Lechter saga.....I wont give away any of the movie but I will say this:  If you liked Silence of the Lambs you will like this one also.  Enough said!!!  Go see it hehe
0312263120|4.0|O.K. Let's not kid ourselves.  Dan Brown's inclusion of cryptography, somebody myseriously dying on the first page, a sexy intelligent female protagonist, a college professor who becomes the reluctant hero, & a mysterious assassin in every one of his books IS bordering on a sick obsession.  That being said, his formula DOES work.  Hey, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.<br />Seeing as Digital Fortress is his inaugural work, Dan Brown makes a few rookie mistakes that unequivocally engender some implausibility throughout the book.  So as not to give away anything, I'll just say that the ostensibly intractable quagmire that the characters are engulfed in is hardly realistic, let alone believable.  Having said that, Brown's mastery of suspenseful prose more than makes up for his shortsightedness in other areas.  After all, this is why it IS fiction - not nonfiction.  I enjoyed it and recommend it to those who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code.  As a caveat, just don't expect 100% accuracy on the computer minutiae.
0515125024|4.0|Die trying is my first experience of Lee Child and his protagonist Jack Reacher. But it definetely won't be the last. The novel starts with a line which goes like: &quot;Joe Smith died because he felt brave.&quot; Then we have a tight scene describing the situation farther... That's the way to fire off a thriller!<br />In this book Jack Reacher is a by-stander grabbed by the  kidnappers of a young FBI agent. As the author tells all the critics of coincidenses being at the heart of the novel: @It was a freak chance.&quot; Truthuly, I don't like coincidences in books, too, but I can forgive them in a good one. This is one of those. Why did the bad guys kidnap a FBI agent? What is being built in a room in a remote Oklahoma location? And who is the man, who cruelly kills the workers, after they completed building?<br />Mr. Child wrights with sureness of a seasoned author, and when he takes a rest from plot turns he gives you the action scenes most authors would die trying to reproduce. It is a rare author indeed, who can talk about velocities, weapon parts and all the technical data, and still keeping it exciting.<br />There are minor points which cost the book one star in my opinion - the main being some things coming out of the blue in the last pages of the novel (these things concern Holly, and I won't say any more of them), but this is really a strong thriller, with a solid plot, hard-as-nails protagonist and the book equivalent of bullet-time scenes of Matrix.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I don't tend to love Westerns, and I certainly don't tend to love the \\"techno-jabber\\" based science fiction out there. Coming into these shows, I always feel like something of an outsider... this is not \\"my life,\\" and these are not people, \\"like me.\\" Now, I don't claim to live on a space ship, but Firefly is very much a part of who I am.<br />Where should I start? I saw a little it of Firefly on Fox and I enjoyed it, but never got into it. It was only once I spent the last of my birthday money to see the DVD version that I really fell in love with the show.<br />Firefly is for all intents and purposes perfection. It is the best thing that I have ever personally seen on television, and every bit of it is crafted to such a degree of unity and purpose that I not only feel as though I am a part of the show, but that I recognize the sets and know the characters.<br />Firefly has made me laugh and cry, and even upon multiple viewings, still hits me where I live. I am always finding something new, and each time I see it, I am able to appreciate it a just a little more.<br />From the encompassing music that stays in your memory for weeks after watching an episode, to the most realistic special effects that I have ever seen, to the attention to even the most minute detail on the sets and characters, Firefly pulls you in and doesn't let go. I care more about the characters in this show than any that I have ever seen in books or movies, and I find that I can understand them on a level that most stories never allow you to.<br />For me, the best part about Firefly was that after watching the fourteenth and final episode, and feeling like I had been torn away from my home and family, I was immediately able to re-enter the Firefly universe on the amazing online communities that have developed based around the show. I was able to chat with actors on the show, ask questions to the writers and composers of the music, and discuss and appreciate the show with people who understood it like I did.<br />The misconception on these reviews is that you should purchase the Firefly DVDs so that you can appreciate Firefly for, \\"what it was,\\" but I would urge you to spend the last of that birthday money you have been saving on this fantastic box set because Firefly is NOT dead. Like me, you now have the opportunity to step into this wonderful universe, and experience it like so many of us already have. Firefly is here to stay, and you are hereby invited to be a part of it.
0316286850|5.0|I got this book as a gift some years ago and it has helped me out in all my HOW TO beauty needs so far. I sure wish I had this guy in my closet just to pull him out on those days when I wanted to totally chage my look. What he can do is amazing.<br />Sadly to say he passed away but his talent lives on in this book. If your new to makeup you may want to start with a  simpler book.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I first heard Kanye on Slow Jamz and on Through The Wire...Right away i was hooked.  I had been waiting for his CD to come out and when i it did..i imediately got it.  There was no disapointment in that...This CD is great!  He is one of the most best rappers..It's pretty cool when you hear someone rap about Jesus...now thats different.  This CD has great beats and awesome Lyrics.. This is a must get CD.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I am honored to finally see this emcee/producer blow up and get the platinum status he deserves...I personally say that the verse he spit on &quot;never let you down&quot; was one of the top 5 verses i have ever heard come out of the rocafella camp. If you can rock the beat harder than young hov and come with heartfelt lyrics you just tight!!! People dont realize but this cd is something so different yet so refreshing to hip hop. In due time kanye will reach legendary status. So until he get his phd in rhymes and beats, ill just listen to the college dropout. Cause this college dropout drops more knowledge than cats in college
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West has truly shown that he is definitely more than just a producer. I love his whole style as a rapper, and just in general.  I will most definitely recommend this album to anyone who enjoys hearing true hip-hop music. This album has definitely put him on the map, and I can't wait until he goes on tour because I WILL BE THERE! Kanye West...talented, encouraging, and incredible...
B0001AP12G|5.0|I had been waiting for Kanye's release for quite a while. Since the first time I heard his production( on the Dynasty album) I knew he was ill. I mainly wanted to get his debut solely for the production, but you cannot deny his rap styles. No, he is no Eminem, but what he lacks in emceeing he makes up for on the tracks he produces. This album is a breath of fresh air and we definitely needed it. Don't be surprise if he has the best album of '04. Holla back!
B00007LTIB|5.0|I reviewed the earlier remaster and gave it few stars because I always thought this album sounded a little dead.  Now, however, Rhino, who have done an excellent job with these remasters, have make Relayer into a better album than when it was first released.<br />This album is better than most people remember. Often Yes fans will pass Relayer by because Patrick Moraz played the keys and not Rick Wakeman, but I will stand up for Moraz.  Wakeman's style was firmly grounded in classical, all good and well, but Moraz had a world music and jazz background too, so his fierce playing reflected the mutable soundworld of Yes better, in some ways, than Wakeman was capable of.<br />The three song format reflects and bookends CTTE, and neither albums suffers from the comparision.  The long suite here, Gates of Delirium, moves as a better organized &quot;Ritual&quot; from TFTO, with the same rythymic fury, but this time, the music is focused.  Yes know know what they're doing when the compose a side-long piece.  Too bad this is their last one. While GOD doesn't have the sheer magic of CTTE, it's still an estimable and well-concieved piece of music, driving, choatic, and moving.<br />Soundchaser is the weirdest song in the Yes canon. More close to jazz fusion than anything else they would ever do, the song lurches from place to place like a truck negotiating s-turns with bad brakes. Howe plays like demon, and Moraz answers him. Alan White demonstrates his abilities to be looser than his normal self, too.<br />To Be Over is a fine closer.  Mellow is the word that comes to mind.  Almost too much of an after-dinner mint compared to the furious compositions that precede it, TBO is lush and flowing, brining Relayer to a more peaceful close than is absolutely justified. Not in the same class as other Yes long songs like Siberian Khatru, You and I, or Perpetual Change, but still charming.<br />Relayer's monochromatic artwork belies the polychromatic music inside, but the Roger Dean cover is one of his best too, in contrast to his greener or more naturalistic covers. GOD is supposed to be Jon Anderson's interpretation of Tolstoy's War and Peace, so the grim and militaristic artwork does have a unity with the grim nature of the main piece.<br />I love Relayer, and I love this reissue. Full of pictures, outtakes and better sound, Rhino have made this fine album come alive.ean cover is one of his best too, in contrast to his greener or more naturalistic covers. GOD is supposed to be Jon Anderson's interpretation of Tolstoy's War and Peace, so the grim and militaristic artwork does have a unity with the grim nature of the main piece.  <br />I love Relayer, and I love this reissue. Full of pictures, outtakes and better sound, Rhino have made this fine album come alive.
0743243307|3.0|Read this book! While it is not the \\"book of the century\\", it is a good reading. <BR>It is not necessary to dissect every character or situation; concentrate on small details that are some times perfect, almost visual (Nazneen in the butcher shop).  Also I cannot get rid of the idea that some of the negative critics are due to the fact that we don't find the stereotype figures and situations in this book. Neither Nazneen nor her husband is what we accept of a  \\"Muslim couple\\" in London. Whether these figures are credible -- I don't know, but I am sure we would not complain if Chanu were beating up his wife daily; if their daughters were hiding behind the veil, and if  Nazneen  were destroyed physically or mentally by her domestic chores. (Which she is not.) That would meet our worldview. Or maybe some of us didn't like Nazneen's friend Karim saying after 911: \\"I can tell you--no Arab nation benefits. No Muslim anywhere in the world. We are the ones who're going to suffer. You got to ask, who benefits?\\"<BR>However, I really disliked the ending; not giving out any clue:  it is pathetic. Skip the last two pages then you will have a good enjoyable lot better than average book.
B0001AP12G|5.0|CLASSIC!!!!!!<BR>this really is a great album.<BR>dont listen to the low ratings cause they dont know what they're talking about.<BR>the beats are really great along with the lyrics.<BR>he just has a whole different style from everyone else wich makes it really good.<BR>its just fresh and original.<BR>dont hesitate this is amazing!!!!!!!!!!<br />STAND OUT TRACKS<br />ALL FALLS DOWN<BR>THROUGH THE WIRE<BR>SLO JAMZ<BR>THE WORKOUT PLAN<BR>THE NEW WORKOUT PLAN<BR>NEVER LET ME DOWN
0671027344|1.0|This is just sick!!! The author is trying to deliver a message that homosexuality is a normal thing and needs to be accepted or approved. This book is disgusting, don't ever read it unless you want to have dipression or lost apetite. Some \\"activist\\" circles are trying to push it for so called \\"educational\\" purposes. <BR>If you are finding these episodes described in the book \\"educational\\", than consider my opinion being wrong:<BR>- rape<BR>- sex of a man with a boy<BR>- attempt to have sex with a dog<BR>- sex of a teenage boys<BR>- different disgusting underage homosexual related episodes<BR>- etc, etc....<BR>FOR PARENTS: Please do not give this book to your young children<BR>unless you want to traumatise them.<br />Sincerely yours,<BR> K
B0000DD7NL|5.0|When I first put the cd in my player, i fell in love with it.It's so real and so guinuine,and just so different from all of the music that's being played today.I love it from start to finish,and i can't wait for all of her other work in the future!!You keep being who you are girl.
B0000E64TR|5.0|I just thought I'd echo the sentiments of the others. This is the first album I bought and it is truly extraordinary to hear it like this. Highly recommended!<br />Bear in mind that the accompanying bonus video DVD (only available on some editions of this SACD too) for some reason leaves out about 35 minutes of additional interview footage from the original 2001 version, so unfortunately if you want to see the rest of what Elton, Bernie, Gus Dudgeon, Davey Johnstone, Nigel Olsson and others have to say, you will have to buy that DVD as well.
0671042858|4.0|Stephen King's suspense novels seem to come in two primary forms; large-scale, over-the-top supernatural epics (&quot;The Stand,&quot; &quot;Carrie&quot; and &quot;Dreamcatcher&quot; come to mind as examples), or, smaller-scale, introspective, character-driven, psycho-thrillers (&quot;Misery&quot; and  &quot;Gerald's Game&quot; are but two examples).<br />Of these two formats, &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; clearly follows the latter example as an introspective character study with dark overtones of impending danger around every corner. And, coming in at just under 300 pages, this novel also has to rank as one of King's quickest reads. But, don't let the length fool you - this book offers a tight, fast-paced plotline that will hold the reader right to the finish.<br />Unlike King's big, supernatural extravaganzas, novels like  &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; don't dwell on unseen forces of evil arrayed against the protagonist - rather, they are cleverly crafted personal dramas, where the evil to be found may only exist in the mind of the lead character.<br />For his protagonist in  &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon,&quot; King has also chosen a unique study - that of 10-year-old Trisha McFarland, a Maine girl who goes on a planned one-day hike with her rather disfunctional family and gets lost for days in the wilds surrounding a stretch of the Appalachian Trail near the New Hampshire border. Here, King doesn't have to fall back on supernatural demons, malevolent ghosts or sociopathic killers - just being lost in the wilds without hope of being found is frightening enough, especially, one would imagine, if you are a 10-year-old-girl.<br />The reader soon finds out, however, that Trisha McFarland is an unusually resourceful 10-year-old, managing to ration her meager supplies and finding sustainance in the woods around her. One of the things which keeps her motivated to survive, however, isn't to be found in nature - it is her walkman radio on which she tunes in her favorite baseball team, the Boston Red Sox, and her favorite player on that team, relief pitcher Tom Gordon (hence the title of the novel). You often hear of people who survive long ordeals relying on the memory of loved ones to help get them through. Although Trisha McFarland has never met Tom Gordon in person, she obviously uses her infatuation with him to take her mind off the dangers of being alone in the wild.<br />King also uses a rather unique device to structure this novel. Keeping with the baseball theme, he names chapters by inning (i.e. &quot;Top of the Seventh&quot;) rather than number, with the obvious metaphor being that if McFarland is to be rescued, she will need a &quot;save&quot; in the late &quot;innings&quot; by her favorite pitcher.<br />All in all, this is a very enjoyable read from one of our most gifted and prolific writers. Years from now, it might not rank among his most well-loved masterworks, but it is a perfect example of King's craft.ich she tunes in her favorite baseball team, the Boston Red Sox, and her favorite player on that team, relief pitcher Tom Gordon (hence the title of the novel). You often hear of people who survive long ordeals relying on the memory of loved ones to help get them through. Although Trisha McFarland has never met Tom Gordon in person, she obviously uses her infatuation with him to take her mind off the dangers of being alone in the wild.<br />King also uses a rather unique device to structure this novel. Keeping with the baseball theme, he names chapters by inning (i.e. &quot;Top of the Seventh&quot;) rather than number, with the obvious metaphor being that if McFarland is to be rescued, she will need a &quot;save&quot; in the late &quot;innings&quot; by her favorite pitcher.<br />All in all, this is a very enjoyable read from one of our most gifted and prolific writers. Years from now, it might not rank among his most well-loved masterworks, but it is a perfect example of King's craft.
B00005JMGL|5.0|We are Peter Pan afficianados at our house, and this film is, without question, one of the most beautiful, spellbinding versions we've seen ( 5 times so far).  It looks like a Maxfield Parrish oil painting come-to-life, and holds very true to the book and original stage play (i.e., Mr. Darling is also Cpt Hook).  The actor playing Peter is remarkable - where'd they find him??!!  He gives Peter a \\"seductive\\" innocence that attempts to lure Wendy, who must choose between staying young and growing up.  His sideways-glances at her are filled with a youthful infatuation-with-a-touch-of adult sensuousness. Wendy is lovely, smart, loves to play pirates and is an accomplished swordswoman. About time.  The lost boys are \\"smashing.\\"<BR>My 6 year-old has her first real crush - on this actor playing Peter. The actor portraying Hook is wonderful (Draco Malfoy's father in Harry Potter)- best yet since Dustin Hoffman in \\"Hook.\\"  We can't recommend this movie highly enough.  Just go see it!!!!!
1567184855|4.0|This is my opinion of this book.  It is only my opinion.  It may not be yours.  Please do not take offense.  You may express your own opinion as well, if it is in conflict with mine.<br /><br />I must be the black sheep here.  I found this book to be well-written, and I found myself relating to much of it, but...<br />Aye, there's the rub!  The 'but'...<br />I have had some personal experience in this area, and the things I relate to include a strong belief (based on experience) that we do, indeed, have numerous successive existences, and that we do, indeed, live them often alongside other kindred souls with whom we have spent other lifetimes.  There is indeed a carryover from other lives, even though amnesia reigns.<br />In other words, we are eternal \\"souls\\" if you will.  We have existed forever, in the past, and we will continue to exist, in the future, forever.  Eternity is thus made acceptable by breaking it up into finite bites; but there is no \\"goal.\\"  This is where I depart from the esteemed doctor Newton.  He has new souls being created, and goals whereby each soul \\"grows up\\" through learning via life challenges.  In the eternal past which we have lived through already, if there were ever a goal, we would have accomplished it long ago.<br />The reason for life is simply to have as many experiences as possible, including not only happiness, but pain as well.  For God to have company, and view Himself through all possible viewpoints.  A God that invented time and space, as well as the Earth. It is how the universal mind manages eternal life--by living and seeing itself through the eyes of individuals--animals as well as people.  As the Advaita Vedanta says, \\"There is only One.\\"  There is but one soul in existence, and it views itself through the eyes of all the individuals in creation.  God, if you wish, is at the center of each individual.  So, how can there be old souls and new souls?  All are the same age, aspects of the same one: eternal.  To have company, God must make it from himself: there is no \\"other\\" from which life can be created. The Universal Mind alone decides what life it will  be \\"next\\" (not necessarily linearly--in fact they can be, and are, often simultaneous) without coaching from any \\"Teacher.\\"<br />One proof is in the definition of \\"nothing.\\"  Existence requires a witness, and you are that witness.  The definition of \\"nothing\\" is NO YOU.  You are the only witness ever available to you that anything exists.<br />Dr. Newton has it all down pat: a super huge corporation, with a heirarchy of teachers, guides, judges, and of course, at the bottom, the \\"whites,\\" us ordinary types.  Quite a bit like the various belts of the martial arts specialties.  Everyone has their very own, individual \\"soul.\\"  They even have soul nicknames, according to the Newton system. A bit too pat.<br />Nearly every reviewer is ascribing 5 stars to this book, which is why I bought it--hoping to find, through his hypnosis clients, answers to some of my remaining questions.  (I accept that hypnosis is a valid system for investigating a person's past).  Instead, what I found is what I am persuaded is his personal invention: a human version of heaven.  I have read Moody's book, and others along the same line, which I found very interesting and highly believable.  I thought them honest investigators.  I gave this one 4 stars because it was well-written and edited, and shows a great deal of persuasive imagination.  It is an \\"interesting read,\\" as so many have said.<br />But, on a scale of one to ten for plausibility, I think it probably ranks only two or at the most three, depending upon the gullibility of the reader.  And I realize that I am in a very small minority.(...)company, God must make it from himself: there is no \\"other\\" from which life can be created. The Universal Mind alone decides what life it will  be \\"next\\" (not necessarily linearly--in fact they can be, and are, often simultaneous) without coaching from any \\"Teacher.\\"<br />One proof is in the definition of \\"nothing.\\"  Existence requires a witness, and you are that witness.  The definition of \\"nothing\\" is NO YOU.  You are the only witness ever available to you that anything exists.<br />Dr. Newton has it all down pat: a super huge corporation, with a heirarchy of teachers, guides, judges, and of course, at the bottom, the \\"whites,\\" us ordinary types.  Quite a bit like the various belts of the martial arts specialties.  Everyone has their very own, individual \\"soul.\\"  They even have soul nicknames, according to the Newton system. A bit too pat.<br />Nearly every reviewer is ascribing 5 stars to this book, which is why I bought it--hoping to find, through his hypnosis clients, answers to some of my remaining questions.  (I accept that hypnosis is a valid system for investigating a person's past).  Instead, what I found is what I am persuaded is his personal invention: a human version of heaven.   I have read Moody's book, and others along the same line, which I found very interesting and highly believable.  I thought them honest investigators.   I gave this one 4 stars because it was well-written and edited, and shows a great deal of persuasive imagination.  It is an \\"interesting read,\\" as so many have said.<br />But, on a scale of one to ten for plausibility, I think it probably ranks only two or at the most three, depending upon the gullibility of the reader.  And I realize that I am in a very small minority.(...)
B0001AP12G|1.0|i see ive ruffled a few feathers n thys joint,but u know what they say,people just cant handle tha truth.first off,jerome,kanye west iz a beat byter period and if u have eva listen 2 old school music(which alot of u young cats havent)whether its old school hip hop,r&amp;b,etc.,then u would know that 99.9999% r bytin beats.y dont u pick up that little booklet that comes with tha album and read tha production credits and then u come back and tell me what its called.as a matter of fact,y dont u look at every track hez eva produced and tell me 1 song he haz originally made(no samples included).guess what,u cant,i thought u new york catz wuz smart,i-mean arent yall a bunch of dictionary rappers up there(thatz y yall cant sell records).anyway im don with u,ur dismissed.2 tha rest of tha people lookin 4 a real review,here it iz,kanye west iz average period,thys album iz a decent solo effort,theres nothin special about thys album,just a bunch of samples wit average lyrics,thats it.on a five star rating i give this album a solid 3,i gave it 1 on top becuz of theze other bull**** 5 star reviews(these people give anything 5 stars).kanye west is bein heavily overatted,thys album is no where near classic.it has 2 many guest apperances,skits,samples,and lyrics r average and get below average at tymes.people lookin 4 a real album review just look me up becuz i speak tha truth whether theze groupies on here(bandwagon jumpers)like it or not.dont believe tha hype about thys album,it gets old real fast.i suggest alot of people download it instead and dont waste your money like i did.tha only thyng movin heads on thys album is tha voice samples and sampled part of tha beats,thats it,thatz y SLOW JAMZ is so popular.dont believe tha hype.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|This film has been widely-praised, but it didn't come off for me: the heavy atmosphere in the immense hotel was well caught, but the director didn't seem to know what she was going for as there were the two other disjoined elements: the dreamy travelogue bits with Scarlett Johansson wandering around Tokyo, and the predictable Bill-Murray-pratfall scenes on the exercise machine and with the chubby masseuse.<br />The relationship with the stooge husband (Giovanni Ribisi) was unexplored and simply not credible to me, while the very old gag of a foreigner speaking for several minutes and the translator deciphering it in one sentence should really have been left on the cutting-room floor.  In fact there were too many scenes of Japanese people speaking Japanese for comic purposes - which is unfunny and a tad racist at the end of the day.<br />The cheesy underbelly of Tokyo, with repellent arcades and interminable karaoke sessions were just boring - and no better (to me anyway) than the superficial gatherings in the hotel with the bimbo actress which they were presumably supposed to stand against in stark relief.  I can't undertand why the leads' performances have been praised (and nominated for Oscars, believe it or not), as Bill Murray in particular doesn't really do anything that he hasn't done in other films: the usual stony impassiveness, dry timing and carefully scripted asides were just the same as in Ghostbusters nearly 20 years ago.<br />Scarlett Johansson is fine, but Girl With A Pearl Earring is in a different class, as a performance and film.
0201485672|5.0|First, a bit of information about where I'm coming from.  10 years ago I came away with a Computer Science minor but never really utilized the programming skills I'd learned in any of my subsequent jobs (Marine Biology).  However, I did dabble in teaching myself C++ and loved the concept of Object Oriented programming.  Recently I landed a job working with IDL (Interative Data Language - NOT Corba IDL) which was originally designed to create quick 2D and 3D plots and images for scientists.  While still primarily a scientist's language, it has been adding more and more features, including Object Oriented support.<br />So this means, I'm now a programmer.  My new boss really wants almost everything done as an OO design, which I was more than happy about.  However, much of my work will be to modify/extend old code which is in every form from procedural to pseudo-OO (uses a few objects here and there but is still mostly procedural).  I originally convinced the boss to pick up this book by pointing out the section on converting Procedural Code to OO.  Turns out this section is very short, but gives an overview of how to do it using the other refactorings in the book.  So it's helpful there.<br />One place I haven't seen it mentioned in many reviews is the benefit this book can have for someone new to programming professionally (note, I do NOT mean to imply that this is a beginner programmer's book, you should have a good understanding of OO programming already).  It has already had many benefits for me:<br />1. Smells in Code: I love this section.  As everywhere in the book, it applies directly to poring through old code and picking out the 'smells' present that indicate poorly structured  code.  But it's also as valuable in pointing out what to watch for as you write a new program.  The book does advocate a design/refactor approach, and this is the best example of it.  As you design, you notice one of the 'smells' creep into your code, and you can refactor it then and there.  This has been of immense value to me in my first programming projects.<br />2. Advocation of testing: I already have Kent Beck's &quot;Test Driven Development&quot; and utilized some concepts from it, but &quot;Refactoring&quot; also talks about testing, and it seems to flow much better for me in Fowler's book as far as understanding how to use tests.  It 'clicked' when he mentioned that most of the time spent creating a program wasn't design/programming, but rather tracking down a bug.  Combining quick and frequent tests on new refactorings (or just new bits of code added in) focuses the programmer very swiftly on just what went wrong.  The longest I've ever spent puzzling out a bug so far on my first major project has been 30 minutes, and that's because I forgot a return statement.  As soon as I got up, took a break and sat back down it was obvious.  Most other bugs have been along the lines of &quot;run the test, watch it crash, fix within 2-5 minutes&quot;.<br />3.Ideas on how to structure code I haven't written yet: Maybe &quot;Design Patterns&quot; is a better book for this, but everytime I've looked at it, it overwhelms me.  &quot;Refactoring&quot; somehow seems to put into focus more clearly how to fix a problem that's stumping me.  For example, the program I'm working on requires two ways of creating a new object.  One creates it directly from a file, one creates it from a GUI where all data is entered, and then added by hitting the 'create' button.  I got the 'initFromFile' constructor working nicely and then proceeded to start work on the 'initFromGUI', recreating most of the steps until I hit the point where the object had to create a linked list based on the number of swimbladders (each of which is an object in the linked list) within the main fish object.  Long story short, I thought about creating the object separately and just passing it in as a parameter, but besides requiring more knowledge of the object the GUI was working with than I wanted the GUI to have, it also led to one Init call with a huge list of parameters).  So I flipped through &quot;Refactoring&quot; and found &quot;Duplicate Observed Data&quot; which described the exact problem I was trying to solve and goes into enough detail on using the 'Observer' Pattern that I was able to get my code to work in a much cleaner fashion than I would have otherwise.<br />4. Teaches the 'obvious' to new programmers: Some of the complaints I've read involve &quot;Well, any real OO programmer knows this already, it's a waste of space to include that.&quot;  In my case this is not necessarily true.  Some of the refactorings are indeed obvious to me.  Others that are obvious to others are not obvious to me.  Even more important, you will see some of these 'obvious' things in previously created 'legacy' code, and this book will allow you to spot it.
0761119752|5.0|We read this to my (now 17 month old) daughter every night before bed.  I LOVE the part that says \\"turn out the light\\" because we have a light above our bed, and that part signals that it's time for her to go to sleep.  I've read that some people don't find it easy to sing, but I've had no problems.  My daughter calls it \\"jamma jamma jamma\\" (a line from the book)  She loves it!  Since we started reading this to her about 2 months ago, she has gone to sleep a LOT easier at night.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|Well, I'm not going to reiterate what this film is about. But I will defend this film to those who gave it VERY low ratings.<br />Miss Coppola made a film that serves as an homage to the high Neorealism films of Italy. &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; evokes emotions without forcing tears, anger, happiness, etc. Minimalist in nature, yet rich in content.<br />Modern audiences are too used to movies that tell us when to cry or when to be happy. Coppola trusts the audience. This film teaches audiences how to truly watch a film. In my opinion, I think it's cheap to zoom in on a tear to cue the audience to feel sad with the actor. It's more difficult for a director to let a camera sit and watch a character, examine them, and just by subtle gestures, we begin to realize the depth of that character.<br />Ever looked out the window on a bus stop? People sit and wait, and just by looking at them, we know exactly what they're feeling.<br />The only thing I had a problem with was the use of Anna Faris. Though humorous, I felt she could have played a character who really acted like a serious actress. I felt she knew she was playing a bimbo and made sure the camera captured it. I thought it would have been more effective had she believed she really was a real actress.<br />Nevertheless, this film will remain timeless. It's a proud film to follow Scarlett Johanssen for the rest of her career, a great performance that Bill Murray will be remembered for, and an extraordinary feat by Sofia Coppola.<br />This film could have been formulaic: young girl meets older gent. Fall into a mad affair, beautiful love scenes, and a dreamy goodbye. But no. Coppola doesn't want to cheat the audience. &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is an experience. It's quiet sadness, quiet love, and quiet goodbyes; a demonstration of a real love story.
B000000OA6|5.0|Innuendo is one of my favorite albums from queen.  The title track is a awsome song full of classic queen sounds.  I'm goin slightly mad has a killer queen feel to it, While headlong is a solid hard rocker. I can't live with you is a pop gem, and don't try so hard is a breathtaking ballad. Freddy Mercurys vocal are in top form on this record, with the drum pounding ride the wild wind to the gospel style all gods people, the brilliant ballad these are the days of our lives and freddys swan song the show must go on. This is simply a masterpiece from rocks greatest band.
0451169514|5.0|1000 WORDS JUST CANT DESCRIBE THIS BOOK.ITS TOO MUCH OF A LEGEND TO PUT DOWN ON WORDS.IAM 19 BUT THIS 1000+ PAGER MADE ME FEEL LIKE A 13 YEAR-OLD ALL OVER AGAIN.NO DOUBT KING IS A MASTER AT CRAFTING SUCH NOVELS BUT THIS ONE IS  HIS BEST WORK YET.THE CHARACTERS RIGHT FROM STAN THE MAN ,HAYSTACK, STUTTERING BILL,EDDIE TO THE KILLER CLOWN...\\"IT\\".GOING THROUGH THE '50S AND '80S THE READER IS TAKES THROUGH THE KILLINGS OF \\"IT\\", ITS POWER OVER THE TOWN OF DERRY, THE WAY \\"IT\\" TAKES THE FORM OF YOUR WORST FEARS...BE IT THE LEPER...THE MUMMY...THE GIANT BIRD...OR THE CLOWN ITSELF.THE MOVIE DID NOT DO JUSTICE TO THE NOVEL.BEWARE THIS ISNT YOUR NORMAL HORROR NOVEL.IT IS MUCH MORE BRUTAL AND GORY SCENES RUN RIGHT THROUGH IT.DERRY MAY BE A IMAGINARY TOWN CREATED BY Mr.KING BUT ONE ACTUALLY \\"LIVES\\" IN DERRY THROUGHOUT THE BOOK.WHENEVER A KID IS SCARED OR WHEN ONE OF THE \\"LOSERS\\" ARE HAUNTED BY THEIR NEMESIS YOU ACTUALLY SHUDDER A TAKE A LOOK OVER YOUR SHOULDER....SUCH ARE THE SKILLS OF Mr.KING.ALL SAID AND DONE AN IMMORTAL BOOK WHICH STILL CONTINUES TO SCARE YOUNG AND OLD ALIKE FOR ALMOST 20 YEARS NOW.FOR THOSE WHO HAVE NIGHTMARES ABOUT CLOWNS...TRY TO AVOID THIS ONE BUT IF YOU ARE WIERD LIKE IAM GET THIS ONE AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
B000000OAL|5.0|Queen is a great way to start a career and desearves alot more credit. from keep yourself alive to the amazing great king rat and liar, it's a must have for any Queen fan. Queen is probably their most metal styled album, but has a few great ballads, doin alright and when the night come down, which shows a young freddy mercury at his best. This cd remains one of Queens strongest, and is definitly their most straight foward efforts.
B00011RPB0|1.0|(I had to put a minimum of 1 star to get published, but I really would like to vote negative zero)To the people who are raving about this movie, what are you smoking?I'm sure none of you are Asian.this film is mediocre in terms of plot and acting and it insults a whole country. The Japanese are all depicted as morons because they don't speak enough English...hello! This is in Japan. the boring stupid white people don't even try to speak Japanese.If I were in Japan for a week I would find much better things to do than sit in a hotel bar listening to an ugly lounge singer. This film is not even up to the level of most student films I have seen. I guess it pays to have an influential parent in Hollywood.
B00005JME0|5.0|This film went deep.  Ashton Kutcher stars.  This is a long stretch from his \\"That 70's Show\\" alter-ego, and he handles it like a champ.  He is a beautiful man.<br />This film is not for the squeamish--be prepared.  It is kick-you-in-the-face potent, intense, and graphic all at once, and from the first frame to the last.  In the end you are guaranteed to have an intimate understanding of this \\"butterfly effect\\".<br />Go and see this film.
B000000W9Z|5.0|David Bowie's 1995 album \\"Outside\\" is easily one of the most underrated albums of the 90's. It's deeply layered and, well, a bit bipolar. It can switch from drugged up pseudo-goth(the title track) to aggressive Industrial dance(The Heart's Filthy Lesson). Because this album is very odd and doesn't appeal to all tastes, it would be best to review each song by itself, as I will now do:<br />1. Leon Takes Us Outside- Nothing more than an atmosepheric intro, but it sets the appropriately dark tone of the album. 5/10<br />2. Outside- One of the albums highlights, the title track feels like it's floating among the clouds on a very cold winter day. It's alot like something The Cure would make. Overall a great song. 9/10<br />3. The Heart's Filthy Lesson- Here is where industrial comes into play. The song is rather schizophrenic, opening with electric noises and female background singers whispering the name of the song, then the guitars kick in. This is followed by an orgasmic moan(!?), and then Bowie's vocals appear. The lyrics set the tone for the rest of the albums lyrical content(interesting to bizzare). A grand piano is then introduced over the driving guitars(!?), and then the dance beat kicks in. Definately one of the best songs of Bowie's career. 10/10<br />4. A Small Plot of Land- An underrated epic that starts out light and jazzy but ends up being a hauntingly dark piece. 8/10<br />5. Segue - Baby Grace (A Horrid Cassette) [A Horrid Cassette]- The first of the albums segues(short pieces of character narration), it is also the only one that really fits in nicely. It features Bowie's voice altered to sound like a childs(!?). It's the only really revealing thing that relates to the story of this labyrinthine concept album. 7/10<br />6. Hallo Spaceboy- Here it is. The greatest song on the album. Much better than most of Trent Reznor's industrial dance songs, Hallo Spaceboy is a violent, rapid fire, extremely percussive piece of sexual confusion and imprisonment. It opens explosively, than continues on rather placidly for a few seconds before the songs true nature appears. Far superior to The Pet Shop Boy's glossed-up and toned-down remix, this should have been a hit with industrial fans. Unfortunately, fans of the genre at the time were mainly teenagers, and listening to David Bowie instead of the latest teen trend is social death. Alas, Hallo Spaceboy, the original version at least, will remain a forgotten classic... 10/10<br />7. The Motel- A great song, nothing much more to say. 8/10<br />8. I Have Not Been To Oxford Town- Not many people are aware of this, but this song was used in the film Starship Troopers, although with altered lyrics and a different performer. It's an interesting track, easily danceable, and the most techno-inspired of the set. 8/10<br />9. No Control- One of the few songs on the album that simply doesn't live up to the rest. The synth effects are lame at best. 6/10<br />10. Segue - Algeria Touchshriek- The beggining of the segues that arent very good, the music in this track is descent, and hearing Bowie impersonating an old man talking about fantasies of \\"having another broken man\\" is a bit odd. But it's still the second best segue on the album, and is an interesting first listen. 6/10<br />11. The Voyeur of Utter Destruction (As Beauty)- A very good song, with some particularly good vocals. 9/10<br />12. Segue - Ramona A. Stone/I Am With Name- This two part track, half segue, half song, is one of the darkest and most disturbing Bowie has ever made. The segue features Bowie's voice altered to sound like a robotic woman, and his monologue sets the sinister tone for the song to follow. The song, \\"I Am With Name\\", is best listened to with the volume turned up very loud just to hear all of the metallic indutrial clangs, synth strings, and other jarring noises. Bowie's lullaby-like vocals add even more sinister atmosphere to the already unsettling mix. The base beat, a NIN-like thump-thump-smack, is buriedunder all of this nightmare-madness. It all culmnates with a loud, agonizing scream. I made one of my friends who is a long time Bowie fan listen to this track, and she coulden't believe it was him. 10/10<br />13. Wishful Begginings- The albums low point. Five minutes of bland melodylessness. 5/10<br />14. We Prick You- Again, another underrated track. Bowie's vocals are at their most aggresive here. 9/10<br />15. Segue - Nathan Adler, Pt. 1- An uninteresting segue, nothing more. 5/10<br />16. I'm Deranged- A beautiful piece of indutrial/techno, I'm Deranged will live forever as the titles piece to David Lynch's brilliant \\"Lost Highway\\". 10/10 <br />17. Thru' These Architects' Eyes- A good song, but it's to upbeat and therefore feels a bit out of place. 7/10<br />18. Segue - Nathan Adler, Pt. 2 [Remix]- Another segue. 5/10<br />19. Strangers When We Meet- The perfect ending to the album. It's the second best song here. 10/10<br />Final Thoughts:<BR>Despite some mediocre material, \\"Outside\\" is fully redeemed for some brilliant songs and bold experimentalism. <BR>Averaged Score: 8/10
B00005MNP8|5.0|This album is already a classic, and the bonus live cuts that appear on this CD make it even better.  This is a foundation purchase if you're into proto-punk, punk, new wave, no wave, and/or post-punk.  Not as punk as some of their very early material, yet not as new-wave/disco as some of their later material.  All in all, this album displays a good cross-section of many of the genres that were bursting out of NY at the time.
B0001AP12G|5.0|When I first heard the single, &quot;Through the Wire&quot;, I didn't immediately recognize the name, but I loved the song.  It wasn't until my brother called me on my cell phone to let me hear &quot;All Falls Down&quot; that I became thirsty for the cd and finding out more about this cat named Kanye West.  This cd WILL NOT disappoint you.  Don't listen to the people that have nothing but hate to share.  They are mad because they don't have a deal.  <br />I applaud the Roc for standing behind powerful tracks like &quot;Jesus Walks&quot;.  And even though Kanye says that the radio stations won't play it, I believe that they will because it's just that good.  &quot;Spaceship&quot; preceded by an old time gospel song &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; is ingenious.  If you can't feel the struggle Kanye was going through when he wrote that rhyme, something is wrong with you.  Consequence and GLC added some powerful bars to that track as well.  There are fun tracks too like &quot;The New Workout Plan&quot; and the skits.  My other favorite tracks are &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; with Jay Z and J Ivy, &quot;Two Words&quot; with Freeway and the Harlem Boys Choir (talk about original) and of course &quot;Through the Wire&quot;.  <br />Roc-a-Fella did a good job releasing this cd when it did.  Nothing against the Roc, but with Jay on a long vacation (Do you believe he's really retiring?  Neither do I.) someone needed to step up to represent the Roc.  Can't wait to see what comes from the rest of the artists.
B00004R99U|1.0|Okay so I know I left a few things out. Here's some other stuff that totally sucks about this movie:<br />They make John Smith out to be a total jerk just so that you like Rolfe better. I LOVED Smith! Rolfe is the worst Disney character ever.<br />Again, I say, is Pocohantas just supposed to throw away her relationship with Smith after the first movie?!!? That's the worst thing about this movie and makes me sad every time I watch the original movie. What the heck happened to everything that they had in the first movie?!!? <br />The first movie was heartwarming and I LOVED to watch it when I was a little kid. Had I been that same age when this movie came out, then I think I would've cried!<br />Smith was really cool and I liked how he loved Pocohontas for who she was and not that she was willing to become &quot;civilized&quot;. Rolfe didn't really like her until she dressed up like a English woman (which, I add, made her look completely hideous).<br />I'm not even going to try to compare the music. The first movie's music was great and really catchy. Some of the sequel's songs seemed  like they were thought of when the composer just woke up. And the original's soundtrack is great.  I still listen to it every once in a while. The sequel's music sucks! I'm not even going to try to compare &quot;Which way do I go&quot; or whatever it's called to, say, &quot;Colors of the Wind&quot;. &quot;Which way do I go&quot; was apparently what the director was thinking while making this movie.<br />I can't express how much I hate John Rolfe. In the first movie, they make John Smith a dashing, young, adventurous, understanding man, who loves Pocohontas for who she is and not what she's willing to do to please him. But in the second, he now becomes a complete jerk who just walks away when Pocohontas is with Rolfe.<br />I think a lot of Rolfe's support is backed by the animals who liked Smith in the first movie but now think that Rolfe is best for her. Meeko and Flit were supposed tobe funny, like they were in the first movie, but now they're stupid and boring.<br />This movie was extremely boring. No more can be said about that.<br />The other characters were obnoxious. King James, for example, is a two-dimensional freak who reminds me of Ratcliffe's servant person in the first movie. Skinny and frail and doesn't have a clue about what's going on.<br />EVERYONE'S OUT OF CHARACTER!<br />That's just a few more points for ya. This movie doesn't just ruin itself, but also it almost makes me mad sometimes when I watch the first one (only not really, because the first one is great!) In short, a movie worthy of your lowliest trash can.
B00018D44U|5.0|I have to admit that the first time I listened I was disappointed. Then I listened to it a couple of more times and I liked it more with each passing time. You can't help comparing it to Come Away With Me...but don't. This one won't win 8 grammys (but what does?) It is different and the same. Let it live on it's own and it is a really nice mellow album of really good jazzy/country/bluesy or whatever you call this genre.<BR>Well worth the money.
B00004R99U|1.0|I'm sorry and I know that I can't shut up about this movie, but I can't. It is probably the worst movie I've ever seen and that's saying a LOT! A few more things:<br />If you haven't read my other reviews on this movie, please do, because they say a lot!<br />Rolfe is hella ugly whereas Smith is the dashing explorer!<br />I was embarrased for Pocahontas because she acted like a moron with her love life!<br />Since when do people care about animated movies being historically correct. As if Poca1 was perfect. I say if you're gonna make it, ya might as well go all the way! This movie not only shames itself, Pocahontas, and Disney, but also makes it slightly painful to watch the wonderful first movie. This movie was directed towards kids and since when do they care if it's historically correct?!!? My younger cousins hated this movie, because they liked Smith. I think that kids are more satisfied and concerned with Pocahontas and Smith being in love than the educational value of this movie. If people always watched movies for information, then there'd be a major problem. since when does Disney care about being informative?!!? I hate that jerk Rolfe!!!!!<br />I own the movie and soundtrack for the first movie and they're both amazing. I hate the second movie and soundtrack!<br />Don't watch this movie. Pocahontas and John Smith were two of my favorite disney characters ever and this makes me sad. I wish I had never seen the second one. IT IS PROBABLY MY LEAST FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME! Don't watch this!!!!!!!!
B000005RFN|5.0|A fantastic cd.  Forget the wankers who say what should and shouldn't be on a Sabbath record.  This one has it all-from the proto Sabbath sound of &quot;Never Say Die&quot;, to the gorgeous melodies of &quot;Over To You&quot; and &quot;Hard Road&quot;.  Plus, Bill Ward is in great shape.  If you dig Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath, and you got an open mind, pick it up.  Be sure to get the UK remaster.
B00004R99U|1.0|I have to agree that people either love this movie or hate it. I think it's stupid. The biggest disappointment is that Pocahontas marries John Rolfe while John Smith watches in the  background. That's how it ends. What the heck?!!? What happened to \\"I can't leave you\\" and \\"I love you\\" from the first one? Now Pocahontas hates John Smith. Besides she looks about ten years old and John Rolfe is a jerk to John Smith. I hated it!! One of the worst movies I've ever seen. It makes me sad and angry!! Don't watch it! If Disney can't think of any better movies than to make sequels that ruin the classics, then maybe they need to get some new people, because in the last several years, all that Disney's put out is sequels of the classics, which suck! Save yourself and the original Pocahontas which is a classic! Don't watch this movie!!!!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West has made a masterpiece here, The Source gave him 4 and a half mics and he was mad. I agree with Kanye this album deserves 5 mics, but it's not like any real hip-hop fans take The Source seriously anymore. Anyway let me tell you why this is such a great album. First of all it's something different, I hope this will end the Lil' Jon era. Second, it's just dope, Kanye is a good artist, a lot of people are saying he's not a good rapper sure he's not as good as Common or Talib Kweli but he is good. Here's a description of all the songs (skits not included).<br />We Don't Care - This is Kanye's song \\"for the kids\\" this is a good way start the album. of course it's got a dope beat and it's got a catchy chorus. Kanye talks about what people in the hood do to get by, some of it's pretty funny. 5/5<br />All Falls Down (feat. Syleena Johnson) - This is one of the best songs on the album. Syleena Johnson does a beautiful job on the chorus and the beat is amazing. Kanye raps about people's self-consciousness it makes a lot of sense when you listen to it. 5/5<br />Spaceship (feat. GLC & Consequence) - Here's another song with a dope beat and a nice chorus. On this track Kanye tells us about how he used to work at the Gap, and he wasn't making a lot of money so he stole clothes but never got caught. GLC & Consequence also have some good lines, but I don't know which one's which. 5/5<br />Jesus Walks - This is one of my favorites, this is a really brave step for Kanye. He talks about how artists rap about guns, sex, & drugs and it's all good, but if someone mentions Jesus nobody wants to play it. This is a very powerful song with a real message. 5/5<br />Never Let Me Down (feat. Jay-Z & J. Ivy) - This is a really good song, it's very soulful and Jay-Z spits not one but two hot verses. The only bad thing is that this J. Ivy guy talks a long time right in the middle of the song, he shoulda got someone to rap what he's saying that woulda been dope. 4/5<br />Get Em High (feat. Talib Kweli & Common) - This is probably my favorite song on the entire album. The beat is just crazy nice and Kweli & Common bring a lot to the song. Let me tell you that Common absolutely kills this track, I think he's dissing Lil' Jon because he talks about pimp cups and club records with boosters. 5/5<br />The New Workout Plan - This song is so funny it's ridiculous. The beat is nice and Kanye cracks me up on this track. The song is about how the ladies need to get in shape if they want to get with a rapper, an NBA player, or at least a dude with a car. 4.5/5<br />Slow Jamz (feat. Twista & Jamie Fox) - O.K. anyone who's been alive this year has heard this song. Even though I here this song almost everyday I still like it. And it's a little bit different on Kanye's album. I'll act like it was the first time I heard it and gtive it a: 5/5<br />Breathe In Breathe Out (feat. Ludacris) - First of all let me tell you that Luda doesn't drop a verse, he just spits the hook. Still this is a dope song, this is the only track on the album that Kanye didn't produce by himself it was co-produced by Brian \\"All Day\\" Miller. Kanye does a great job handling all 3 verses. 5/5<br />School Spirit - This is a cool song, but for some reason they put the clean version on the album. If I wanted the clean version I would have bought the clean album. 4/5<br />Two Words (feat. Mos Def & Freeway) - All 3 MC's rip this track apart over one of the hottest beats on the album. One of the best songs on the CD. 5/5<br />Through The Wire - Here's another song you should have heard before. I like this track better than Slow Jamz as far as the singles go. It's also one if the best songs Kanye has ever done. Rapping with his jaw wired shut, that's gangsta (joking). 5/5<br />Family Business - This is the most personal song Kanye has done other than Through The Wire. As you might have guessed Kanye raps about his family, he tells some funny stories and some fond memories that makes for one hot track. 5/5<br />Last Call - This is another one of my favorites, that beat is so hard. Kanye raps about how he stuggled to get a deal, and then proceeds to tell you the entire story one of the best ideas for a track ever. 5/5
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is one of those rare shows that is immediately amazing. Most actors and writers of a series need time to find and develop the characters, but the Firefly characters had complexity, depth, excellent dialog, rich relationships, and were wonderfully acted from the first episode. You are certain to laugh at the witty dialog, but will also care deeply for the characters and will defiinitely be entertained. I was and continue to be extremely disappointed that it was cancelled. I highly recommend Firely to everyone, but in particular to Babylon5 and Star Wars fans.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Sophia Coppola deserves every ounce of credit she gets for making this fascinating yet simple masterpiece.  This is great from top to bottom... from the nuanced moodiness of Tokoyo, to the understated performances, to the simple-yet-poignant dialogue.  The location is a great metaphor for the state of the two character's lives and that they intersect here and how much they need each other in this one moment in time is really beautiful.  There's more sensuality and passion in their brief, unconsumated relationship than the most fiery affairs and when he last sees her, the look on her face will be seared in my memory forever.  You come to care about these people so much because they speak with such simple purity of what's in all of us - wanting to feel connected to someone or something.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|One of the best DVD box sets produced.  My only complaint: It says &quot;The Complete Series&quot; on the cover instead of &quot;Season One&quot;. That's right, in a better world we would all be enjoying season two of Firefly right about now. Not sure why the knuckleheads at Fox couldn't see they had the next X-Files style cult hit in their hot little hands. Fox's mishandling of this show is now legendary (you can read about it on the internet and hear about it on this set's commentary tracks). Fortunately there is no cover-up taking place... the Firefly DVD set is here and stands like a monument on the shelf of all collectors of well-written sci-fi, well written western or just plain old well-written tv drama. <br />Firefly is a different take on the future. It confidently tosses aside most of the fantasy elements that snuck into the sci-fi genre over the years: lasers that blast things apart; audible sound in the vacuum of space; bumpy headed aliens everywhere; space as someplace cozy and safe; the notion that old style weapons will simply disappear when new weapons are developed; Utopic governments... etc. etc. and shows us what life would probably actually be like when humans begin colonizing/terra-forming other worlds.<br />The ensemble cast gelled almost instantly and it is this creative chemistry (and the writing staff's ability to write the characters FOR the actors) that is the real treat here. Many ensemble shows (the Star Treks particularly) take 2-3 seasons before the actors get truly comfy with the proceedings. Firefly clicked from the word go. There are no wasted moments or even wasted frames in this series.<br />Buy it and enjoy!  :)   --mattro
B0001DI0FI|5.0|First of all --- don't listen to the naysayers who have trashed this film with their silly 1, 2, and 3-star reviews.  Most of those reviews are either totally unobjective or so nitpicky that you wonder if the reviewer has ever enjoyed ANY movie!!<br />Also, for the reviewers who have criticized the movie because \\"it's not like the book\\" --- when have you ever seen a film that captured the entire essence of the book(s) it was drawn from?  There is simply not enough time to do that on screen!!<br />This movie kept me on the edge of my seat for most of the time.  The action scenes were probably the best ever for a seafaring flick.  Of course, there were stretches that went a lot slower, but these were for character development (for those of you who complained about the \\"lack\\" of such).<br />I won't go into the storyline here, as numerous other reviewers have already covered that.  I love movies with sailing vessels, and this is probably the best I've ever seen.  Highly recommended!!!
B00013F35I|5.0|This is a wonderful dvd and Bruce and the Estreet band are amazing. I am so glad it is a full concert so one can see the scope and range of Bruce' artistry and performance ability. It is too hard to pick favorites for everything is great. The Estreet Band is simply one of the best in rock and there is a reason Bruce is simply THE BOSS.
0316286443|4.0|I agree with many of the other reviewers here who said that Kevin Aucoin is a &quot;magician&quot;. He is truly an amazing artist and it is so nice to be able to get a glimpse of his world through this book.
B00005CCA9|5.0|That a previous reviewer actually recommended Arcadi Volodos' recording of this work at all, much less over Argerich's, is one of the more surreal comments I've seen from a (fantastically wrong) would-be music critic.  While perhaps leaving an extended review of Volodos' performance for his own CD listing, I will say that there is no subtlety, no substance, and certainly not a hint of understanding or respect for this amazing piece of music. That recording is, indeed, &quot;pomp and circumstance,&quot; demonstrating Volodos' utter lack of musicality (a fact attested to in other recordings of his, as well).<br />Argerich, however... well, where to start?  Her performance cuts to the very heart of this piece, revealing the subtle, finely colored hues of the opening movement, allowing the gentle moments proper breathing space, and brilliantly pacing those of a more bombastic nature to build intensity throughout.  Her performance of the so-called &quot;lighter&quot; cadenza is fleet, liquid fire.  Likewise, the second movement entrance is sheer, opulant brilliance, the phrasing sensitive and beautiful, and the whole movement paced wonderfully.  The final movement must be heard to be believed--quicker than most recordings, but to no detriment musically.  Throughout the concerto, Argerich's pacing, brilliant voicing and an unreal, deeply piercing understanding of the musical soul of this work makes this one of the absolute--if not THE absolute--best recordings available.<br />However, for a contrasting and equally compelling rendition, Evgeny Kissin's recording with the Boston Symphony and Seigi Ozawa cannot be passed up.  Kissin takes a much more introspective approach to the work overall, with beautiful results.  Let us not forget (in light of remarks about Argerich, Horowitz, and Wild) that Rachmaninoff himself preferred Horowitz' performances of this concerto to his own, to the point that he stopped performing it himself in deferrence.<br />Argerich's performance is well praised because it deserves to be so.  Buy, and you will not regret.
0316286850|4.0|This is a great book, whether you are somebody who just likes make-up or if you are a professional make-up artist. There are lots of pictures in this book and examples showing the dramatic effect that make-up can have depending on whatever look you are trying to achieve. Great book!
B000001FT2|4.0|How can one argue with Grace Jones wild and crazy style? She could handle rock, disco, r&amp;b and raggae. This release finds her working with the legendary Sly and Robbie, who provide raggae and club rhythms that fit Jone's monotone delivery well.<br />The hit &quot;Pull up to the bumper&quot; is just as erotic as it was in 1981. Her remake of &quot;Use Me&quot; is another winner. The raggae flavor it is given adds a new dimension to the classic.<br />The often sampled title track &quot;Nighclubbing&quot; is still fresh with its riding base line. Other standouts include &quot;Art Groupie&quot; and the different &quot;Walking in the rain&quot; add on to this release. Often underappreciated this is one of Jones's best releases and it is sure to please anyone.
B0000CABBW|4.0|Unlike so many Hollywood movies which like to convey women as &quot;powerful and independent&quot;, yet still dress them up like barbie dolls, this movie truly shows &quot;girl power&quot; in an authentic way. Newcomer, Keish Castle-Hughes role in this movie is truly inspiring for all women and girls. I highly recommend this movie. It will not only inspire you but teach you about a culture that is not often talked about.
B000083C49|4.0|The nice thing about the original Trek series and films is that they supported a variety of genres from action to comedy. For every \\"The Trouble with Tribbles\\" there was a \\"City on the Edge of Forever\\" or \\"Mantrap\\". Trek IV falls into the former category. While the film starts off with a serious threat (a McGuffin almost worthy of Hitchcock--an alien threatening the world because there's no one there that speaks its language!), the differences between men and women from the future and those living in the 80's creates a lot of potential for comedic hijinks.<br />A mysterious alien probe has entered the solar system sending out a message that Starfleet can't decode or respond to. The atmosphere of Earth is being thorn apart in response. The crew of the Enterprise in their captured Klingon ship receive an urgent message from the Earth to avoid the planet. Spock deciphers the message and realizes why there's no one to answer; it's whalesong. The only solution available (since Whales are extinct) is to go to 20th Century Earth and obtain whales and return to the future.<br />The premise is ripe with comic possibilities and director Leonard Nimoy takes advantage of every one of them. It's not the best Trek film but it is the most popular because it's so accessible (it also grossed the most at the box office for the original Trek films). All the actors are clearly having a blast with the next to last of the quartet of interrelated films (The Undiscovered Country refers back to 2 and 3's back story and has a light connection to 4 as well).<br />The newly remastered edition is a huge step up from the previous edition. The anamorphic widescreen transfer is much sharper and clearer than the previous edition. The sound mix, while not as good as a current release, uses the 5.1 surround sound format very well. The great picture and sound are augmented by cool extras. You get extras galore. Nimoy's director's commentary and the Trek text commentary provide interesting distractions the third or fourth time you watch the film. The text commentary is filled with bits of trivia, points out production gaffes and has some very funny observations about the film, the crew and the Trek universe.<br />The extras on disc two includes a moving tribute to actor Mark Lenard. Unfortunately, there aren't any clips from other television programs he appeared on (like \\"Planet of the Apes\\")or movies but we do get personal photos as well as a moving rememberence by his two daughters and wife. The production featurettes aren't quite as exhaustive as some of the other DVD sets (ST:TMP springs to mind)but are interesting particularly the section on visual effects that discusses the time travel sequence. Storyboards are also included (although it might have been more interesting to put them on disc one where they could be compared to the finished sequences).<br />I'm hoping that Paramount upgrades The Next Generation DVDs with as much care. While Nemesis has some fine extras, it could have been done better. Generations has absolutely nothing beyond the film (and a rather tepid transfer at that) while First Contact only has the trailers. Insurrection similarly has the trailer plus a standard productin featurette. Regardless of how you feel about the films, Paramount needs to do more value added stuff for the Trek fan base. The Next Generation, Deep Space Nine and Voyage have much better extras than any of the Next Generation films (or the original series for that matter).<br />Each of the films have their strengths and weakenesses and while there's some minor plot contrivances, they don't harm the entertainment value of Trek IV. For a good time call Captain Kirk and crew. They'll keep you entertained with this installment of the Trek franchise.s the third or fourth time you watch the film. The text commentary is filled with bits of trivia, points out production gaffes and has some very funny observations about the film, the crew and the Trek universe.<br />The extras on disc two includes a moving tribute to actor Mark Lenard. Unfortunately, there aren't any clips from other television programs he appeared on (like \\"Planet of the Apes\\")or movies but we do get personal photos as well as a moving rememberence by his two daughters and wife. The production featurettes aren't quite as exhaustive as some of the other DVD sets (ST:TMP springs to mind)but are interesting particularly the section on visual effects that discusses the time travel sequence. Storyboards are also included (although it might have been more interesting to put them on disc one where they could be compared to the finished sequences).<br />I'm hoping that Paramount upgrades The Next Generation DVDs with as much care. While Nemesis has some fine extras, it could have been done better. Generations has absolutely nothing beyond the film (and a rather tepid transfer at that) while First Contact only has the trailers. Insurrection similarly has the trailer plus a standard productin featurette. Regardless of how you feel about the films, Paramount needs to do more value added stuff for the Trek fan base. The Next Generation, Deep Space Nine and Voyage have much better extras than any of the Next Generation films (or the original series for that matter).<br />Each of the films have their strengths and weakenesses and while there's some minor plot contrivances, they don't harm the entertainment value of Trek IV. For a good time call Captain Kirk and crew. They'll keep you entertained with this installment of the Trek franchise.
B00005JLD4|4.0|This is a very powerful, moving film. What's even more amazing is that it was based on a true story! Many of the other reviewers have already taken the liberty of writing about the storyline, so I won't repeat what's already been said, however I would like to reinforce that this is a wonderful movie and one that is inspiring and can be appreciated by your entire family. The movie is also educational because while many of us stereotype Australians as being Caucasian (I know I was one of those people who thought that), this movie puts the spotlight on the native people of Australia, who have been overlooked for way too long. I not only enjoyed this movie for its content, but I learned something about the culture and history of Australia.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Of all the CD's I've purchased in recent times, this is the one that truly stands out!  A friend recommended it to me and, while I was hesitant at first, I eventually caved in and bought the album after hearing &quot;Toxic.&quot;  I'm very happy I did because the entire album is fantastic and there are numerous stand-out tracks, not just one like so many other albums.  Each song has a completely different sound and style, yet everything flows perfectly and comes together extremely well.  Exceptional tracks include &quot;Touch of My Hand,&quot;  &quot;Breathe on Me,&quot; &amp; &quot;Toxic.&quot;  It's a very diverse and fun album which suits the musical tastes of many different people.  If you're open minded and a fan of pop music, I highly recommend you pick up this album!!
B0001906O0|4.0|Finally, Cure fans will be able to listen to great songs in good audio quality. For Cure fans there is nothing new, and maybe there are some songs missing, replaced by some non-sense songs like the 10 seconds long version of The Doors cover 'Hello I Love You' (there are 3 versions of that song).<br />The opinions about many of the remixes are personal for each fan, but is good to see songs like Burn (from The Crow movie soundtrack), the b-sides from the Wish album (altough the Lost Wishes, 4 instrumental songs, are missing), and some covers like Hendrix's 'Purple Haze', Depeche Mode's 'World In My Eyes' or Bowie's 'Young Americans'.<br />Overall, a nice set for Cure fans with ups and downs in more than 300 minutes of Cure music...
B0000YEEHG|2.0|persona was release 1.37:1, and mgm are releasing it as 1.66:1.  if they're redoing hour of the wolf and shame for those mistakes, why are'nt they redoing persona?  anyone?  where could i find an answer for this one?  thanks.
B0000BYM3K|2.0|Big Maiden fan! But this stinks! I saw them live this last year and Bruce sang great, But everything about this new cd is Lame!! and Cheezy!! Wow I want the old sounding Maiden back! Get the new Iced Earth if you want some good ol Metal!
B0001AP12G|5.0|i had been anticipating this CD release for quite some time now.  i bought it today, and was expecting a good CD.  i was wrong.  it is a VERY good CD.  Props to Kanye on being the most unique rapper in the game.  anyone who can make a song about Jesus got props from me.  and im not even religeous, but its still unique.  COP IT!
0156027321|4.0|Our bookclub read this book a while back and we did enjoy it. At first the members were skeptical that a book with such a plot would go anywhere, but it does. I can recommend this story because the setting, the ocean, the character-driven plot is all the more why it's good. Highly recommend The Life of Pi.<br />Reviewed by: Franchesca Dashmond of B.E.B. Bookclub
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Hey, I don't know about anyone else but I read the amazon reviews by people to help me decide if I want to buy the CD or not. Usually there are the haters that didn't even listen to the CD and then the crazy fans who give it a 5. Well, on a wing I bought &quot;In The Zone&quot; and I was surprised. Yeah I heard &quot;Me Against The Music&quot; and didn't hate it, but wasn't impressed. The album contains great hits to dance and chill too. There is some RnB flavor in &quot;Early Mornin&quot;, &quot;Showdown&quot;, and  &quot;I got that boom boom&quot; featuring the Ying Yang Twins. I read a lot of reviews of people thinking that there was too much YingYang twins and not enough Britney: I'll tell you now that it's not true, they never rap over her singing, just a little at the beginning and end. <br />You a fan of her old pop stuff? Not to worry because &quot;Breathe on Me&quot; is a very unique, mature, different pop sound... &quot;Toxic&quot; is a clever pop song with a good western feel to it with guitars, and &quot;Brave New Girl&quot; has rap on it and a little techno to it but it surprinsingly works out good. The ballads here are amazing: &quot;Everytime&quot;, &quot;Shadow&quot; and &quot;Touch of my hand&quot; are all totally unique and awesome. &quot;Touch of my hand&quot; uses chineese/asian instruments that work really well. Ok... now I said all these good things and why a 3.5 star rating than a 5? First, get realistic, a 3 is good ( when rated by pros ). Her voice is not great, but then again, it doesn't have to be... pop isn't about hitting high and low notes in a song, its about having fun and chilling to.<br />Overall, I'll help with your decision. It's all with what kind of music you like. If you like RnB... I'd give this a sample but just don't buy it expecting an Alicia Keys or Ashanti. Pop: definately but there is a different sound to her pop songs as a warning. Rock: um... buy a used one if you're really curious. Country, Jazz, classical, punk rock= no, ctually... I'd stay away from this genre of music in general... not just this. I'm really tired of people reviewing things ( not just &quot;In The Zone&quot;) goin &quot;THIS SUCKS!!! YOU WANT REAL MUSIC.. LISTEN TO _______&quot; god that is annoying. Just hope I help ya like I wished I would have been helped.
B000088E6D|5.0|It's like &quot;love in the air music&quot; <BR>Based on how this cd worked for me, I'd suggest candlelight, fine wine and your beau. Turn on the Buble and voila  -- instant heat!
0375422307|5.0|As an iranien girl with parents who lived during the revolution,I have to thank Marjane Satrapi for showing everyone what it was like to live in Iran during the revolution and the Iran-Iraq war through first hand experience.It's not that bad now though.I've also read part 3 in french and it shows how hard it was to live outside the country while your parents are still there during a war and to not know whats going on.In short,I loved it.
B00000JNNY|5.0|I love this CD.  I had never heard of Etta James until I heard this CD recently and within an hour I was online ordering it.  Very bluesy.  Love every song on it.  I really recommend it to anyone who loves blues or jazz.
B000002KDO|5.0|The first time I heard this album my initial reaction was &quot; what a lousy singer.&quot; What impressed me the most was the awesome guitar work. I found that I couldn't get enough of this group. I would even measure other Hard Rock bands with Sabbath and if they did not pass the &quot;Sabbath&quot; test, I wouldn't give them a second thought. At one point I was even accused of being too limited in my taste. What can I say, I was guilty as charged. But seriously people, if you want to trace the roots of Hard Rock/Heavy Metal you have to start with the Masters. In the beginning the Masters were &quot;Black Sabbath, Paranoid, Masters of Reality, Vol. 4, and Sabbath Bloody Sabbath.&quot; After that everything else was sweet icing on the cake.
0385504209|1.0|As a child I spent every summer picking cherries for 5 cents a pound in the warm valleys of the central Rocky Mountains.  Maybe I could use my experience doing \\"research\\" for Dan Brown,<br />because that is exactly what he has done in the Da Vinci Code.<br />It also appears that many of those (and you know who you are) who are touting this book as the truth have done the same thing in their reading, choosing to accept that Jesus was married, but ignoring Brown's \\"research\\" that supports that He was not the Son of God.<br />Brown appears to have adopted the highly suspect and questionable theories laid out in \\"Holy Blood, Holy Grail\\" and \\"The Gnostic Gospels.\\"  Both of these texts used cherry picking research to support their thesis.<br />There is little doubt that historical Christianity has not always treated women equally, but there is little evidence in the so called Gnostic gospels of Phillip, Mary and Thomas to support Brown's outrageous claims, on the contrary, the last verse of Thomas includes this peculiar and anti-woman exchange: when Peter says, \\"women are not worthy of life.\\" Jesus responds, \\"I myself will lead her in order to make her male...for every woman who makes herself male will enter the Kingdom of Heaven.\\"  Brown seems to have ignored this contradiction.<br />I would like to hear Brown's response to the many objections that have been raised concerning his \\"research,\\" but alas he seems to be A.W.O.L.
B0001906O0|5.0|This is an amazing box set! A must for all Cure fans.  All the rest of the reviews are just that, the rest.  They can complain or nit pick or what have you, but it's just plain simple, buy this album! You have to love this, all the songs that are rare or not released all on one set.  Disc 4 does not suck, it is not the weekest link, it is extrodinary. The discography, outstanding! I could go on and on about this album and use up my maximum amount of words. It just plain and simple... buy it and you will love it!  Thank you Robert Smith, you are the king of goth!
B0001906O0|3.0|There are quite a few tracks that are missing. Carnage Visors. The Three Sisters Ariel. World War. I Want to Be Old. Desperate Journalist. I Dig You. Cloudberry. Cult Hero. See The Children. The Weedy Burton. Heroin Face. Heart Attack. Listen. I Just Need Myself. Numb. Pirate Ships. Old England Love Will Tear Us Apart (live). Hey You! Forever. The Last Thing You Should Do (live with Bowie). Faded Smiles. Rebel Rebel. Sivvy or Savvy. Smashed Up. A Sign from God. Spilt Milk. Airlock. All I Want To Do Is Kill Her. Another Girl Another Planet. Eyemou. I Hate Disco. Uyea Sound. You're So Happy.<br />Many others. Plus, there are songs that are already on regular CD releases like 10:15 Saturday Night, Plastic Passion, much of Japanese Whispers. Are they different versions?<br />Remixes should be kept for another release. Just include all the b-sides and rare tracks. Remixes are at the lowest rung of importance, although I greatly prefer the single mix of Lovesong and Just Like Heaven to album versions. But, those aren't here because they're singles. It's appalling that Carnage Visors isn't on CD. It's a brilliant piece of music.
0140177396|4.0|At age 28, I am finally reading through all of the 'classic' novels, and Steinbeck has a solid handful of &quot;must reads.&quot;  He seems to have written a lot of shorter novels that wring a lot out of you emotionally.  In light of that, &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is a novel that is many things at the same time: touching, tragic, and funny.<br />The story revolves around a couple of characters who seem to have shown up in my chief medium of knowledge as a child, cartoons.  The big, dopey gentle-hearted giant and the quick-witted smaller man who seems to begrudgingly take on the role of care-taker for the dopey giant.  The thing is, the care-taker needs the dope in just as real a way as the dope needs the care-taker.  That is the touching part of the story, as this truth is slowly revealed about George (the care-taker.)<br />The book is also tragic with liberal amounts of shocking twists and turns, including a totally unpredictable and tragic ending.  I really want to see how they did that on that big-screen.  Read the book and you'll see what I mean.<br />It's also a funny story in that Steinbeck just has a way with subtle humor, and he has a great medium to express this humor in the dopey character of Lenny.  He's like the big cartoon Abominable Snowman that wants to pet nice things and be tender towards them, but ends up crushing them unintentionally.  Well, I guess that could be taken as mean or cruel, too, but I take it as funny.<br />In all, I rate this story highly because I found myself very involved with the characters and cared how it ended, which in my mind is what a good story should do.
B00018D44U|4.0|I just got the CD on Tuesday night 2/10 and it's only Thursday night 2/12 but after listening to it for a couple days, I am lovin' this CD. It can really make you feel peaceful. It took me a while to get used to it but now that I have, I think this'll be one of my favorite CD's of 2004. There is a broader range of songs where we really get to see Norah at her best. &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; was awesome and I love that CD,. This one is definitely a more mature sounding Norah and like she says, it's a snapshot of her life and that's what I love about her music. There is no fakeness, even when there is no beat, her voice is just lovely to listen to. My favorite songs are &quot;Sunrise&quot;, &quot;What Am I to You&quot;, &quot;Humble Me&quot;, &quot;The Prettiest Thing&quot;....oh heck I like them all. I strongly reccommend this CD for any Norah fan and of course, people who haven't yet converted to her music. It's such a great album. Just give it a chance. :)
B00000294R|5.0|The Big Underground Sound - This has got to be the album that every rapper or wannabe rapper refers to in lyrics. Big L has the most deep dissin lyrics that cover all aspects of life on the low.Many puns and word play are used in his lyrics which make the delivery sound at its best.2pac and Big L rest in peace!!
B00005JKJA|5.0|It's easy to get wrapped up in Mulholland Drive's gorgeous imagery, and delightfully entertaining dream like sequences, but if you take the time, and give it your attention, you will see that there's more to Mulholland Dr. than the sensous delights it provides throughout. Yes, you won't be able to pinpoint each and every single event even through multiple,detailed viewings, and don't listen to the pseudo-intellectual reviewers who believe they can give you a spot on analysis of ever single thing that happened. Mulholland Drive works more like music for the eyes. You may not hear it, or \\"get it\\", but you'll feel it.Eventually.<br />Naomi Watts is wonderful in all her dynamic glory.The gorgeous Laura Elena Harring gives a pitch perfect performance as the sullen femme fatale \\"Rita\\".<br />I won't give anything away, all I'll say is that, if you don't mind something way out there, and you're a real film buff, throw in this mind bender and be delighted. I'm not one of those David Lynch fanatics(I hated Blue Velvet).But after seeing this film, I think of him as genius. It's not a movie I can guarantee everyone will love;but if you get lucky and fall in love with it, you will see Mulholland Drive the way I see it. A mindbending,seductive,multi-faceted film that comes off as dark,witty,sensual,heartfelt,and,ultimately moving,
B0000DD7LB|5.0|AFTER 3 GREATEST ALBUMS BRITNEY HAS DO IT, IN THE ZONE IS THE BEST HAVE ALL YOU LIKE TO LEASENT IST NOT MORE LIKE OOPS I DI... OR BRITNEY NO, THIS IS A NEW AND GREAT BRITNEY AND THE BEST OF THIS ALBUM IS THAT SHE CO-WRITE 7 SONG, SO IF YOU HAVE SOMEONE OF THE OTHER 3 ALBUMN YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS
0060194995|5.0|This book was one of the best books I had ever read in my life besides Green Eggs and Ham. It takes place in a small town in Alabama. Atticus, Scalpes father is a layer in this town and he has a apportunity to help Tom Robinson a black man who was accused of rapping a young women. Different adventures happen to Scalpe during this book so you will on the top of your seat. when your down with this book you can watch the movie thats also a awesome experience. I recomined reading this book to anyone.
1587990717|2.0|First, an admission, I could only make it about half-way through this book. What I did read was neither particularly original nor particularly well written. The real turn-off for me was the tone of the book which was like a second year college student who's learned a new fact and then damns the foolish masses for not being as intelligence as he. There's been other books published that deal with this subject and which do a better job of presenting the facts without the 'Mr. Know-It-All' attitude.
B0000640VO|5.0|I would not give just any film 5 stars but if I could I'd give this film 6. I went into seeing this movie thinking it would be another style over substance foreign bore, but I was very happy at the end. This story was so sweet and charming, I don't remember any other film making me feel as good as this one did. It's hard to describe what was so good about it but I'll try. The story was enchanting, Audrey Tatou's portrayal of the shy Amelie was outstanding (by the end of the picture I was in love with her), and the film was visually impressing as well. This film might not be for everyone, but if you are the kind of person who likes interesting totally believable characters (or someone who pays attention to things like character development) and you have a heart this movie is sure to touch you. Reading this review I may sound like a sap but that is because you don't know me. I guarantee anyone who knows me that read this review would be suprised at me saying things like this but it's the truth. Do yourself a favor and buy this film, it's wonderful.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I've been waiting for this album tome out for months based on the reviews I had been reading and it did not dissapoint. Kanye has a great delivery, nice flow and more importantly great lyrics. As much as I love 50 cent and others it's nice to see someone rap with a heavy emphasis on life and society in general without the gunplay. Usually if rappers take that approach they are on small labels and underground. I mean how long has Talib been around before blowing up with &quot;Get By&quot; (a Kanye West prodcution BTW). So it's nice to see someone on a major label paying attention to other aspects of life other than the violence.<BR>Since it's Kanye you know the production is tight so I'm not even going to go into it. The lyrics and flow is what many people don't know about.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|You surely know what to expect in a film that is billed as a comedy by some critics and others as a &quot;story about loneliness&quot;. Others here talk about the Japanese scenery being important. Still others about how &quot;clever&quot;, &quot;slow-burning&quot; and &quot;well written&quot; it is.<br />You should know by now that these descriptions mean that the film will be one thing, dull dull dull. And this is. I nearly fell into a coma of boredom in the cinema. <br />No, I dont like Murrays caddyshack performace before some bright spark accuses me of only liking that type of comedy and not understanding the depth of this type of film. <br />The truth people, is that this type of film is the type that thinks it is really clever, and the people who made it are very very pleased with themselves. In reality is is dull and vacuous and can be filed with other critic hailed &quot;classics&quot; that are in reality dull and anally retentive; Rushmore and Royal Tenenbaums.<br />Up to you, you can spend a couple of hours watching this, or going to the dentist. Though the latter would be more exciting!
0465068359|4.0|The truth is the Rape of Nanking did happen.  It's been recorded by THOUSANDS of Japanese soldiers who were apart of it, humanitarian workers, and foreigners who were in China at the time.<br />Those that deny it happened are either in complete denial or are filled with misinformation about the subject.  There are more than enough first-hand accounts of the incident if they are willing to do research.<br />I would recommend this book to anyone that is unfamiliar with the Rape of Nanking.
B00006CYAD|1.0|Simple Plan. . . Hmmmmm. . . <BR>Well, I have to say that they perform well. Of course the only reason for that is because their instrumentals were so loud that we couldn't hear their lyrics. Seriously. They need to grow up. What kind of lyrics are &quot;She has two arms to hold me and four legs to wrap around me. She's not your ordinary girl. She's my alien.&quot;? That's retarded. Can't they think of lyrics that actually mean something? Honestly. Their instrumentals are alright, though.<br />Conclusion: I would chop off my ears before I ever showed any mild interest in this CD.
B00005JMCN|5.0|This movie is a must see for anyone who is a FAN of Tobey McGuire.  Jeff Bridges is outstanding as well.  Just a must see wonderful movie!
B00005JLCI|5.0|If you are required to read Shakespeare's \\"Hamlet\\" for a class, and you are having trouble reading the text, this is the version of \\"Hamlet\\" you must watch.  As was stated by other reviews, this is the text unabridged, and you can literally follow along in the script while you watch.  You will love Keneth Branagh as Hamlet, and Kate Winslet as Ophelia.  It is by far, the best cinematic version of Hamlet availible.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|This is a must watch, especially for folks into the White-Wolf world. Underworld was not made by White-Wolf however it is much like the world White-Wolf has created. This is best seen in widescreen, on a 60 inch DLP with Dolby 5.1 surround... However, it is worth watching on ANY tv...
B000003TAW|3.0|Let me explain. I am a huge fan of a powerpop band by the name of Ozma. Ozma has often been compared to Weezer, some even saying they're a ripoff (Weezer likes Ozma though, they went on tour together once). Up until now I had not heard any of Weezer's music. This, their self-titled debut album (some refer to it as the \\"Blue Album\\"), is nowhere near as good as I expected. Sure, there are some decent tracks like \\"Buddy Holly\\" and \\"Say It Ain't So\\", but nothing to write home about. I'm not disappointed just because they do not sound like Ozma (which is the case), but disappointed with the quality of the music. Perhaps since this is their first CD, their later stuff is better? I do hope that will be the case. Everyone seems to say this \\"Blue Album\\" is their best CD, so then again maybe not...
B00005JMJ4|1.0|It seems that everybody agrees to say that Lost in Translation is is a masterpiece worth hundreds of nominations at the Academy Awards. I still don't get it. OK, Scarlett Johansson is a good actress and she manages to &quot;save&quot; a bit the movie. But as for the rest of it... <br />It's a movie about loneliness and vacuity ?... It is indeed a vacuus movie, with quite no script and I don't get what is supposed to be so subtle in this story. A story about two empty people that gets nowhere when we could have expected so much more with a story of two Americans lost in a fascinating city like Tokyo. <BR>Bill Murray's character is meant to be a friendly and touching person since we see Tokyo and the Japanese through his eyes. He's our Westerners' eyes indeed. We are supposed to share his surprise in front of this extra-terrestrial world. And what is the 'humour' of this movie based on ? It's based on one of the most disrespectful depiction of a foreign culture that I've seen in a movie lately. All Japanese are depicted as ridiculous, like tools for the purpose of stupid gags, whereas the stupid one is Bill Murray's character who is not even able to understand that not everyone on the planet speaks his language (ex. the hospital scene). He himself doesn't even try to communicate with a single Japanese person, as if they were not human beings worth talking to.<BR>And we should CARE for this despicable man ?.. If we don't care for him, we don't care for the movie. That's what happened to me.<br />I like The Virgin Suicides and Sofia Coppola is a gifted director. But Lost in Translation is an movie filled with bad taste that I prefer to forget about.
B0001AP12G|3.0|N*E*R*D consisting of Pharrell,chad,and shay will be dropping their 2nd album &quot;Fly or die&quot; on March 23rd 2004. Go to [...] to listen to their future smash hit &quot;she wants to move&quot;and vote for it on TRL at mtv.com
B00000J7JO|5.0|Okay, just to get this out of the way: I'm sick of people slamming this album because it isn't \\"Blood Sugar Sex Magik.\\" This CD is completely amazing, and in my opinion an equal to Blood Sugar in every possible respect. I've had this CD since shortly after it's release, and I'm still not sick of it. The radio singles are catchy, and yet not your typical pile of pop garbage. But even the songs that weren't big hits are great. I especially love \\"Easily.\\" I never really watched MTV, so parden me if one of these songs I mention wasn't a hit, but I think the hits include \\"Around the World\\", \\"Scar Tissue\\", \\"Otherside\\", \\"Californication\\", and \\"Road Trippin'.\\" Also AMAZING is \\"Parallel Universe.\\" \\"Get On Top\\" is funky as hell, and \\"This Velvet Glove\\" is a nice song. GO BUY IT NOW.
B000000OQF|5.0|What can be said about this cd that hasn't been said already? If anyone has not heard Appetite, this review is for you. Simply put, no other CD I have ever heard rocks this hard. There are about 7 or 8 songs on this CD which could have been top 10 hits in their own right. Most everyone knows songs like Welcome to the Jungle, Paradise City and Sweet Child of Mine, but songs like Nightrain, Out Ta Get Me, Mr. Brownstone, My Michelle, Think About You, Rocket Queen, and others are what truly make this album great because there is absolutely no filler. All the songs are played amazingly and Axl Rose has a truly unique voice, though it won't appeal to everyone. There have been some great bands in the history of hard rock, AC/DC, Metallica, Nirvana, etc., but for the time their original lineup was around, nobody could top GNR and this was their best effort.
B00005R2M3|4.0|Great Cd, good lyrics. One of my favorites in my collection.
B000000OSE|5.0|No, this is not as good a record as Appetite, but comparing the two is like comparing (Bad) Apples and Oranges. This album represents fewer collaberative efforts among the Gunners than Appetite. A better comparison would be to Use Your Illusion II. The songs on UYI I are varied, for example, Dust N' Bones (Stradlin) sounds much different than November Rain (Rose). The songs are a little less polished than on UYI II, and there are fewer &quot;hits&quot; on this CD. In fact, UYI I sounds more like some of Izzy Stradlin's later work than any other GNR cd. However, this is not a CD without great individual songs such as Live and Let Die, Garden of Eden, Don't Damn Me, and of course the epic November Rain. Also, one of the greatest unknown songs in rock, Coma, is the last song on this cd. Overall, a great cd if you like rock.
B00018D44U|1.0|This is perhaps the worst CD I have ever heard.  It's not worth wasting a good empty CD case on this music.  She has lost her mind, and needs to go back to what made her successful and this country crap, is not the answer.  Don't bother making another purchase of this so called artist, unless you love to set in a drunkin stupor and listen to cry in your beer honky tonk junk.
B00000373U|5.0|If you're considering buying an Elliot Smith album (though it's amazing it's definitly not for everyone) please buy this one. He is incredibly moving (without whinning)and has the earmark of genius.
B0000C6E4D|1.0|OMG, I can't believe that I waited 5 years for this. I wish I could rate it less than a star, because I think Sarah McLachlan should be paying me to listen to this CD. I have played it more than 6 times, and can't remember any of the songs on it! To call them blah is an understatement. I'm surprised I haven't fallen alseep at the wheel of my car while listening to it! My significant other remarked &quot;A great voice wasted on boring songs...turn it off, it's sucking the life out of me!&quot; I would try to sell it on half.com, but it just doesn't seem fair to put someone else through this agony. Sarah, what HAPPENED to you???
B000066NW0|5.0|Last year I listened to this album alternately with Evanescence's &quot;Fallen&quot;. If you like 80's power pop and melodic pop rock and are looking for excellent pop rock material available from top-ranked albums, LET GO would be your perfect choice. My impression is she has legacy from almost everything the great Canadian rockers has been achieved.<br />LOSING GRIP, UNWANTED really presents the Avril as a rocker, MOBILE and SK8ER BOI sounds like female adaptation of &quot;Reckless&quot; era Bryan Adams styled rock, THINGS I'LL NEVER SAY, is Alanis/Bryan combined pop rock. Also impressed is her voice carries lyrics so clearly, emotionally and naturally. Particularly ANYTHING BUT ORDINARY touches my heart though I am not a native speaker of English.<br /><br />Essential for Canadian rockers' fans, and pop rock fans of 70s 80s 90s and 00s.
0790729369|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. It was happy then sad and I cried my eyes out the whole way threw it. It is every wifes fantisy played out before you. Clint and Merrill are wonderful together. You never new what was going to happen. I was on the edge of my seat. Thank you!
1577311523|4.0|I read this book about six months ago and was very profoundly affected. I then gave it to my husband and a close friend, and they were profoundly affected. It resonated very deeply and left a quiet, peaceful influence that lasted for quite some time.<br />However, in retrospect, I see it was just the beginning. The author implies that the only thing we need to do become enlightened or release us from our problems is to be in the Now, but I believe it is more involved than that. I did find myself reaching states of peace by being in the Now, but eventually I found myself asking, Now What?
B0001AP12G|5.0|First off, &quot;mookie smith&quot; is a hater for giving this album a low rating and calling Kanye average. Anyway, this has got to be the most anticipated debut album of the year and it definitely lives up to it. The rhymes are off the hook, and of course the beats too. Definitely go and get yourself a copy; an instant classic.<br />My Fav. Tracks: All Falls Down, Jesus Walks, Get Em High, Slow Jamz, The New Workout Plan, and Through the Wire.
B00005JLXE|4.0|I found Daredevil the movie to be shocking. It evokes the essence of the comic extremely well and isn't bad at all. Forget it's reputation and enjoy this for what it is: a diverting and comic book actioner. I loved the cast and they all played their roles very well. I agree that Elektra isn't as dark as she could be and Daredevil is a bit darker here, but in his excellent review John Hardy already explained all that. If you haven't seen this movie you should. I hope the comments on here about a coming director's cut of Daredevil are true. I'm eager to see it.
0061015725|4.0|Prey is another well-written novel by Michael Crichton to add to the shelves of any avid reader.  This book is written in a simpler language than many of Crichtons earlier science fiction novels, and it doesnt have the popular tedious scientific explanations for every event.  In Prey, the theories and ideas behind the development of the microscopic robots, the books antagonist, is explained briefly and in simpler words, which is a pleasant adjustment from his other novels that lecture for half the book before moving on to the exciting parts.  <BR> The protagonist of the book is Jack Forman, a manager of a team of computer programmers, was recently fired by his boss in a setup, and was forced to take on the role of a stereotypical mother and work around the house.  His wife, Julia, is a workaholic at a nanotechnology laboratory that focuses on making a unique camera for the government.  The camera is composed of tiny robots programmed to behave like a swarm.  When a cloud of these particles escaped from the laboratory, Jack Forman, who programmed the behavior program that was used in the particles, is called upon to help solve fix the problem.<BR> The plot of the book revolves around Jacks effort to stop the swarm of particles in Nevadas deserts and the theory of evolution and behavior.  One of the main themes in the book is not technology, but a comparison between evolution of the robots and evolution in nature.  The nanoparticles, which start off loosely organized according to the programming, later evolve to very organized groups capable of reproducing and causing devastation among the characters.  The blend of technology and evolution makes for an exciting read, but a surprisingly simple plot.  The author keeps ideas to the point and the explanations are concise, which makes for a fast-paced book that reads smoothly and is easier to understand.<BR> This book was very enjoyable to read because it moves along at a rapid pace and has many original ideas inmixing technology with evolution.  The book is action packed with suspenseful encounters between the characters and the swarms, but the last action sequence ends up being a typical thriller.  Nonetheless, the book doesnt bore the reader, especially with the descriptions of the deaths of some of the characters.  Again, Michael Crichton does his research in order to provide us with a book that is both entertaining and informative.
B0000039PW|5.0|Christopher Williams -- AKA &quot;Notorious B.I.G.&quot; -- literally set the rap world on its collective ear with his honest, eloquent and downright brutal debut, &quot;Ready To Die.&quot;<br />KRS One once rhymed:<br />You sit at home with a pen &amp; a pad<BR>Going dad... mad... glad... bad... sad<BR>That style is from '78<BR>A little late<br />...and for the better part of the first 25 years of rap history, collective rap wasn't much more than precisely that: honest, legitimate, direct at best but without either deadpan playfulness or lyrical innovation once it emerged from the underground.  What changed with this 1994 release is the relationship of the artist with the words employed.  Up until now, rappers simply took words and used them wholesale to describe the world around them.  Williams took an entirely new approach.<br />We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us<BR>no heat<BR>wonder why christmas missed us.<BR> <BR>Biggie left the words exactly where they were and moved through them in a way that was never before heard and has never been even remotely duplicated.  He toyed with words, flipped them to shift every paradigm, rotated them through his fingers like a bored executive with a pen.  Now, English not only had its previous linguistic weight, but a nuance of use that, again, was unprecedented.  Previous rap efforts are, in contrast, an exercise in pounding square pegs into round holes.  Not only did Williams' lyrics fit, there were no seams.  It was as if rap had somehow become Shaker furniture.<br />In fact, Williams pieced the English language together in ways that make you wonder if the sequences weren't there all along, like E=Mc^2.  Why didn't someone see this sooner?<br />As if comparing this debut to Einstein isn't over-the-top enough for you, listening to this album will place you in Williams' mind as a father, son, street hustler and emerging rap talent in a way that no artist may ever achieve again.<br />&quot;Ready To Die&quot; is pure genius and as influential to the rap genre as &quot;Brothers in Arms,&quot; &quot;90125,&quot; &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;Boston,&quot; were to their respective listeners, literally without peer in either breadth or depth.  This is the very best that the 90's had to offer the rap scene and easily ranks in the most innovative and influential works irrespective of the decade whose company it keeps.
B000002MY3|5.0|ALANIS MORISSETTE IS AWESOME!!!! <BR>I LOVE THIS ALBUM!!!! <BR>IT TAKES ME BACK TO MY HIGH SCHOOL YEARS WHEN GRUNDGE WAS THE HYPE BACK THEN!!!!<BR>I LISTEN TO IT WHEN I AM JUST ANGRY AS HELL WITH EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING!!! <BR>THE LYRICS DON'T MAKE SENSE, BUT THE MUSIC-- MAN!!!! SHE'S REALLY GOT SOMETHING TO SAY!!! SO LISTEN UP!!!!
B00005KFUM|5.0|And here's why:<br />&quot;Origin of Symmetry&quot; is one of the most technically/musically astounding albums ever produced. <BR> <BR>I know that claims of this nature, in a situation where fans get to write their own important-sounding reviews, are generally taken as having little or no merit. However, I challenge any serious music lover to listen to this album in a single sitting and not come away utterly amazed at the sheer virtuoso performance presented here. I also realize that this is awkwardly high praise, but allow me present my point, as both a of fan of Muse, and as a follower of musical trends:<br />There are certain common threads that are always present in the fabric of true &quot;cult&quot; bands before they really &quot;make it big&quot;, and Muse fills out that meme quite snugly. This &quot;cult&quot; status has been achieved despite frequent statements that Muse is a &quot;knockoff&quot; based on the school of vocal theatrics promoted by Thom Yorke of Radiohead and Jeff Buckley. These statements are very short-sighted, and are probably why &quot;the masses&quot; haven't swung their gaping maw over to Muse's corner quite yet. In fact, I believe that frontman Matthew Bellamy and co. have been wisely influenced just as much by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Maynard James Keenan of Tool (and toss in a pinch of Freddy Mercury while we're at it...but that's besides the point). In fact, this is evidenced from the moment that the first track, &quot;New Born&quot; commences. The listener is bourne witness to the most technically complex, majestic music ever created...and one of the first facts that becomes evident is that the emotions conveyed by this masterpiece are overwhelmingly those of near-mechaninated despair and alienation. So, &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; leans far more into the territory dominated at one point by Nine Inch Nails and Tool (and perhaps Kurt Cobain}- than to the music of Radiohead or Buckley. Besides, pushing Muse towards irrelevance just because Matthew Bellamy can hold his own (just listen to the album already!) with the likes of gifted vocal-shamans like Buckley or Yorke is utter nonsense. <br />Another arguably unfortunate impediment that has kept Muse from being as popular as their great talent might allow them to be is simply that they really are that far ahead of the curve, musically speaking. &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; is a perfect example of this. Despite all this, Muse is about to shed its &quot;Cult&quot; status and leap into the hallowed halls of the &quot;Gods Of Rock&quot;, as is evidenced by the success of their third album, &quot;Absolution&quot;.  However, I would advise listening to &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; first, even though &quot;Absolution&quot; is slighly more accessible in the sense of not beinging quite as...angry (think of the transition between the &quot;Broken&quot; EP and &quot;The Downward Spiral by Nine Inch Nails). This is is the only way to prepare yourself for proper appreciation of what lies ahead. <br />I'm starting to believe that Matthew Bellamy may have sold his soul to that infallible promoter of excellent music, the &quot;good ol' devil...because the talent on display here is just inhumanly good.
B00018D44U|3.0|The song writing and performances are great and is a nice follow up to her debut. The problem is with the recording. It sounds as though it were recorded on cheap cassette tapes and played back through the stereo in a 1979 Toyota. I honestly checked to see if my speakers had gone bad. Please remaster the sessions and re-release this disc without the \\"sincere\\" homemade accoustics. Ms. Jones voice is too sultry and beautiful for such intentional low quality audio and it is really distracting to the point of being unlistenable.
B00005KFUN|5.0|And here's why:<br />&quot;Origin of Symmetry&quot; is one of the most technically/musically astounding albums ever produced. <br />I know that claims of this nature, in a situation where fans get to write their own important-sounding reviews, are generally taken as having little or no merit. However, I challenge any serious music lover to listen to this album in a single sitting and not come away utterly amazed at the sheer virtuoso performance presented here. I also realize that this is awkwardly high praise, but allow me present my point, as both a of fan of Muse, and as a follower of musical trends:<br />There are certain common threads that are always present in the fabric of true &quot;cult&quot; bands before they really &quot;make it big&quot;, and Muse fills out that meme quite snugly. This &quot;cult&quot; status has been achieved despite frequent statements that Muse is a &quot;knockoff&quot; based on the school of vocal theatrics promoted by Thom Yorke of Radiohead and Jeff Buckley. These statements are very short-sighted, and are probably why &quot;the masses&quot; haven't swung their gaping maw over to Muse's corner quite yet. In fact, I believe that frontman Matthew Bellamy and co. have been wisely influenced just as much by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Maynard James Keenan of Tool (and toss in a pinch of Freddy Mercury while we're at it...but that's besides the point). In fact, this is evidenced from the moment that the first track, &quot;New Born&quot; commences. The listener is bourne witness to the most technically complex, majestic music ever created...and one of the first facts that becomes evident is that the emotions conveyed by this masterpiece are overwhelmingly those of near-mechaninated despair and alienation. So, &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; leans far more into the territory dominated at one point by Nine Inch Nails and Tool (and perhaps Kurt Cobain}- than to the music of Radiohead or Buckley. Besides, pushing Muse towards irrelevance just because Matthew Bellamy can hold his own (just listen to the album already!) with the likes of gifted vocal-shamans like Buckley or Yorke is utter nonsense. <br />Another arguably unfortunate impediment that has kept Muse from being as popular as their great talent might allow them to be is simply that they really are that far ahead of the curve, musically speaking. &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; is a perfect example of this. Despite all this, Muse is about to shed its &quot;Cult&quot; status and leap into the hallowed halls of the &quot;Gods Of Rock&quot;, as is evidenced by the success of their third album, &quot;Absolution&quot;. However, I would advise listening to &quot;Origin Of Symmetry&quot; first, even though &quot;Absolution&quot; is slighly more accessible in the sense of not beinging quite as...angry (think of the transition between the &quot;Broken&quot; EP and &quot;The Downward Spiral by Nine Inch Nails). This is is the only way to prepare yourself for proper appreciation of what lies ahead. <br />I'm starting to believe that Matthew Bellamy may have sold his soul to that infallible promoter of excellent music, the &quot;good ol' devil...because the talent on display here is just inhumanly good.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I am in complete agreement with Jennifer Kokoski!!<br />This was ridiculously slow and boring.  I felt the piety of the characters to be interesting, but their attempt at redemption cheap.  They are sad and lonely because they think too much of themselves; and though Charlotte tries to make an attempt at being moved by the \\"non-complex\\" - it's still a cheap shot.  Her facial expressions of \\"revelation\\" made the character seem all the more pious.<br />The only \\"good\\" part of the flick is the intellectual connection between Bob and Charlotte. However, it just seemed like they were too busy feeling sorry for themselves.  \\"Oh poor pitiful me....in a world surrounded by stupid people....and things I don't understand.....wah\\".  Puhleeez.<br />Sorry folks - this flick is a dud.  Don't waste your money buying it.  Rent it first.  I'd say it's probably a \\"cult\\" like flick - and either you get it, or you don't.  I think I \\"got it\\" - and I still didn't like it.<br />My Humble Opinion
0385504209|1.0|This is the worst kind of illiterate writing extant. I am not referring to its religious point of view. The grammatical errors are enough to make me throw the book into the trash, along with Danielle Steele and John Grisham. For a page-turner, I recommend instead the Williams-Sonoma kitchen equipment catalog.
B000002UA9|4.0|This is the first official beatles album released. The sound is typical of the kinds of songs you would hear in the early 60s but the harmonies and creativity are unique. Not only were they good singers and musicians, but unlike other bands of the time, they were gifted with creativity and wrote their own songs. <br />What is most admirable about this album is how it was recorded in 12 hours, from start to finish. It almost gives a live feel to it. The last song, twist and shout, was not an original beatles song, but who knows that? The Beatles made it what it is. You can hear how John's voice is suffering on it, how it's about to crack and him lose it (he did after recording the last song). Probably one of the best rock performance the beatles ever recorded. <br />The whole album is wonderful, the last song is its climax, making this a classic.
0385504209|2.0|This novel has generated a lot of interest because of its fascinating premise, but at its core, it's a fairly mediocre piece of fluff literature.  For those truly interested in the theological and philosophical questions surrounding the book's central mystery, there are far better sources of information available.  It's not bad; it's entertaining in a quick, light, fluffy kind of way, but it's ultimately disappointing in that the subject matter deserved a better novel.<br />But what annoyed me most of all was the hero's name:  Robert Langdon.  It just &lt;i&gt;sounds&lt;/i&gt; like the name of a hero in a fluffy mystery novel.  Surely Mr. Brown could have come up with something a bit less trite.
0064407667|1.0|I can't understand the popularity of these books. The villain is one-dimensional. The children, despite their various \\"talents\\" are frustratingly unresourceful. (They're in trouble, they have a sympathetic *judge* who lives next door, yet they never ask her for advice? Perhaps they had their reasons, but they're not articulated, and so they seem rather useless and hard to cheer on.)<br />There's a self-conscious and self-congratulatory cleverness to the writing. It seems \\"Snicket\\" just does not respect his audience.<br />Skip this assembly line crap and read quality children's books that deal with the dire fates of orphans so much more satisfyingly.<br />* Noel Streitfield's SHOES series. This writer has a very clear respect for her readers and doesn't indulge in cheap melodrama.<br />* The Wolves of Willoughby Chase by Joan Aiken. Very similar themes, but SO MUCH BETTER!
B000001DQI|4.0|Elton John was rapidly ascending pop music's stratosphere in late 1973 when he broke his pattern of releasing one new disc of studio material every nine months and released a two-album set instead. \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" crystallized a peak point in Elton's public recognition, and its front-loaded selection of savvy melodic concepts and soundscapes made him seem for a moment even bigger than he really was.<br /><br />Everything about this album, from the gaudy cover and liner note art to the 11-minute long symphonic rocker that opens it, screams \\"Look at me! I'm massive!\\" And a lot of the time, it works. That opening track, \\"Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding\\" represents Elton and his band at a righteous fever pitch, and still sounds amazing all these years on. \\"Bennie And The Jets\\" is another big-star moment that resonates still, with the fake audience applause and the false start from the band that still gives me a chill when I hear it on the radio. Elton's falsetto was never in better form.<br /><br />There are other great songs on this album, especially the title track but also \\"Grey Seal,\\" \\"I've Seen That Movie Too,\\" and the beautiful closing ballad, \\"Harmony,\\" and the temptation is to recommend this to anyone unreservedly for those alone.<br /><br />But yet... People say \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" was Elton's absolute peak, but the truth is it wasn't. He wrote some fine songs, but these 17 tracks include misses, too, more duffers than Elton had on his previous two albums put together. \\"Dirty Little Girl\\" and \\"Jamaica Jerk-Off\\" are the nadirs, but some other songs lose their less ample charms after a mere handful of listens. I'm thinking \\"Danny Bailey,\\" \\"All The Girls Love Alice,\\" \\"Your Sister Can't Twist,\\" and \\"Social Disease.\\" Other songs are good filler but nothing to get excited about.<br /><br />Then there's two songs that really annoy me, not because they're bad, just way overplayed and too popular for their own good. \\"Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting\\" comes off as limp and flailing, an overbaked tempo tantrum with Taupin's lyrics forcing Elton to claim common cause with a type of mean-street yahoo that would have turned him into a rhinestone-studded stain on the road in a East London minute. And \\"Candle In The Wind\\" is just maudlin, working up the whole tired \\"Marilyn died for our sins\\" angle of one of pop culture's most overblown icons with a sophomoric melody and lyrics that cry desperation: \\"I would have liked to known you/but I was just a kid.\\" About all that can be said for it is it's less bad than the version he did on \\"Live In Australia,\\" and much less bad than the version he sang at the Clinton impeachment trial or some other late-90s calamityfest.<br /><br />They don't stink, just give people the wrong idea, like Elton was a bit of a poser with bad lyrics and a bottom-line bank account mentality. He did great music before \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" and great music after. He even did some great music in \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.\\" I wanted to give this three stars, bah-bah-bah-but one of the songs made me realize it deserves four. Too many good songs to denigrate it, but too much information for the casual fan. If you are going to buy your first Elton studio album, you will like this, but you will like \\"Honky Chateau,\\" \\"Don't Shoot Me,\\" \\"Tumbleweed Connection,\\" and \\"Capt. Fantastic\\" more.For Fighting\\" comes off as limp and flailing, an overbaked tempo tantrum with Taupin's lyrics forcing Elton to claim common cause with a type of mean-street yahoo that would have turned him into a rhinestone-studded stain on the road in a East London minute. And \\"Candle In The Wind\\" is just maudlin, working up the whole tired \\"Marilyn died for our sins\\" angle of one of pop culture's most overblown icons with a sophomoric melody and lyrics that cry desperation: \\"I would have liked to known you/but I was just a kid.\\" About all that can be said for it is it's less bad than the version he did on \\"Live In Australia,\\" and much less bad than the version he sang at the Clinton impeachment trial or some other late-90s calamityfest.<br /><br />They don't stink, just give people the wrong idea, like Elton was a bit of a poser with bad lyrics and a bottom-line bank account mentality. He did great music before \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" and great music after. He even did some great music in \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.\\" I wanted to give this three stars, bah-bah-bah-but one of the songs made me realize it deserves four. Too many good songs to denigrate it, but too much information for the casual fan. If you are going to buy your first Elton studio album, you will like this, but you will like \\"Honky Chateau,\\" \\"Don't Shoot Me,\\" \\"Tumbleweed Connection,\\" and \\"Capt. Fantastic\\" more.
B000089RVX|2.0|Well what can I say? The whole album sounds the same except for MY IMMORTAL which has a different sound. If you heared BRING ME TO LIFE or GOING UNDER you've heard the whole album.Very overated. AVOID.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I'm a huge Sade fan but Norah Jones is amazing.  This album is one of the best I ever heard.  I can play it from the beginning to end.
0385504209|5.0|I though The Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown was a clever and coherent thriller from the murder in the silent after-hour halls of the Louvre museum through the sinister plot to uncover a secret that has been protected by a clandestine society since the days of Christ. Very entertaining. Here's another book that's filled with codes, mystery, and it's a fast paced fantasy that will blow you away: Dragon Man The Adventures Of Luke Starr ...  check it out it's on amazon.com as well ... you won't be disappointed.
B0001I562I|5.0|This DVD has taken forever to finally get here! This film, along with \\"Return to Oz\\" (Faruzia Balk), \\"Cloak & Dagger\\" (Dabney Coleman, Henry Thomas) and \\"Condorman\\" (Michael Crawford..yes, THAT Michael Crawford) are my favorite 80's movies, and extremely high on my all-time film favorites list.<BR>Plot summary: Kid from mid 80's falls into ravine, wakes up 13 years later to find his life and world changed. At the same time, NASA finds a downed almond-shaped, silver spaceship. We find out the kid and the ship are connected, NASA is P.O'ed, and the kid becomes The Navigator, the only source of info the ship has to reach it's home planet as well as re-deliver it's alien-fauna cargo. Awesome designs of the ship, great solid film! (Cute pufmarrin, odd Pee-Wee Herman choice for the 'bot...)
B0000JCFPE|5.0|Only two previous reviews, but I was shocked to see an average rating of 2.5 stars.  Douglas and Stone are both powerful in this movie.  Their attaction explodes off the screen.  With the many twists and turns, and quality filmmaking, it will keep you involved and guessing through to the end.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This extended edition of \\"Lord of The Rings\\" is the greatest DVD that has ever been made. <br /> The original version is a masterpiece but this extended makes an already stunning masterpiece all the more intense! There are so many new and unincorporated footage put into the movie itself that it gives the movie a whole different tone altogether. <br /> The third and fourth discs are amazing showcasing the huge amount of work put into making the films. <br /> This is the greatest DVD gift set ever created and the statue of Gollum is really nice. <br /> Get both Gift Sets because they are amazing. <br /> Enough said.
B00004VXF2|5.0|I love part 1 and 3. Part 2 seems a little formulated and part 4 is so sappy that I feel like I am listening to the Carpenters. I guess if you like that stuff you will probably really dig that section. So for me it is well worth the price for 1 &amp; 3. Much better than the new B. Spears release :)))
B000065VA1|5.0|This is arguably Peter Gabriel's finest albums that he has ever recorded in his entire career. <br /> Many say that he sold out with this record but I couldn't disagree more. This was and still is a very powerful and deep album that is far above anything of todays music and even of other music of it's time. Hell, even his former bandmates Genesis even thought they did well with \\"Invisible Touch\\" didn't do this good on an artistic note. <br /> It's clear why \\"SO\\" remains very popular. It's almonst non-commercial in nature and doesn't focus on the sounds of the times (Around 1986) and is still fresh and new even in 2004. <br /> \\"Red Rain\\" is my faovrite song on this album being a very far-reaching soul-searching classic that will leave you breathless. <br /> \\"Mercy Street\\" is the sexiet track that Peter Gabriel has ever done. I would even go as to say it's even more so than \\"Sledgehammer\\" which was temporarily worn out for me. <br /> This is a great CD and the remastered edition is amazing! Go out and get today! You won't be dissapointed.
B00013PHGS|5.0|I loved \\"Moon Safari\\". I just loved the infectious, synthesized melodies on songs like \\"Sexy Boy\\". I did not care for \\"10,000 ghz\\" but that is just my personal opinion. I just didn't care for that album. The other day I was at Border's book store and decided to listen to \\"Talkie Walkie\\". I absolutely loved the lush, acoustic melodies. I bought the cd this morning because I just couldn't put it off another day. I don't know if I would necessarily say that \\"Talkie Walkie\\" is a return to the duo's original sound (\\"Moon Safari\\" circa). Unlike \\"Moon Safari\\", Nicolas Godin and Jean-Benoit Dunckel use their own vocals on the majority of the songs but they do use guest vocalists on the album, just not as often as the group's earlier music. Reknowned record producer Nigel Godrich (Radiohead/Travis) helps out the French duo as producer for the album. The results is a tighter, more cohesive sound that just flows like a feather on a windy day. \\"Talkie Walkie\\" has a very lush, airy sound which I found to be very soothing to listen to. The only song I am really familiar with on the album was \\"Alone in Kyoto\\" which is from the sleeper hit film \\"Lost in Translation\\", a gorgeous instrumental. I don't say this very often about instrumentals but that song in particular I found to be very emotional to listen to but maybe that is because I had seen the film and I imagine the scenes from \\"Lost in Translation\\" when I listen to \\"Alone in Kyoto\\". One of my favorite songs off the cd is \\"Biological\\". I loved the banjo in the beginning of the song as well as the lush vocals. I am glad that I bought \\"Talkie Walkie\\" today instead of putting it off a little longer. It is Air's best album to date.
B00018D44U|5.0|This is a remarkable work.  Norah Jones expands her vocal abilities and experiments with some different styles beyond her debut CD.  This is the most talented and finest female vocalist in the history of popular music.  Her being in her early 20's guarantees us many, many years of musical genius and pure pleasure.  Stunning in vocal ability and fresh, clean, modest beauty!
B0000039PW|5.0|Lets talk a review down memory line and discussed the late great Notorious B.I.G.'s classic debut. First of all, this is a classic album. It's just as good as Nas Illmatic or Jay Z with Reasonable Doubt. In fact I think its better than either of their albums. Biggie Smalls has everything as a rapper: great lyracist, detailed story teller, and a commanding voice. When this album came out rap was dominated by G funk. Readie to Die was representing for New York. This was east coast gangsta rap. I got this album when it first came out and it was bangin than and nothing has change now. <BR>This album is timeless. There isn't anything that you need to skip on this one. All the songs are classic. If you're expecting a lot of songs like Big Poppa and More Money More Problems, than you'll be disappointed. Only Big Poppa and Juicy are radio friendly. The rest is hard...I mean real hard east coast gangsta. As a whole this is one of the all-time best hardcore rap albums ever. Big Poppa was all over the radio but Ready to Die is a brutal hardcore album. <br />Like I said All the songs are tight. I'll just run down some of the highlights. Things Done Change is a great opening track. Gimme the Loot is straight sick and twisted and no it isn't a duet. I like the original One More Chance over the video version. I is just one long verse with clever rhymes. You already know about Juicy and Big Poppa Me and My B##ch is like 2pac's Me and My Girl Friend.
B00005YW4H|5.0|For anyone who wants to be totally stunned and amazed Norah Jones' vocal abilities will fill the bill.  This is an amazing CD by a remarkable vocalist.  The range from raw blues to vocalizations as smooth as silk will stun any listener.  Rare indeed it is to come across such talent from one who is also fantastically beautiful.  Her fresh, clean, crisp, looks and modesty are most welcome in a world of vampish, trashy songstresses with little or no talent.  You will listen to this virtually non stop.
0385504209|5.0|I was on the edge of my seat the whole time while reading this suspenseful book.  I love reading and I couldn't put this one down.
B00018D44U|2.0|There is no doubt Norah Jones has talent and she delivers it with her silky smooth sexy voice.  But this album \\"Feels Like Home\\" is a classic example of another sophmore release following the \\"over-the-top\\" success of her original debut album \\"Come Away With Me.\\"  This happens to nearly every artist, and it's most probable cause is the recording labels are seeking profits and push their artists to rush production and strike while the iron is hot.  The same thing happened to Alicia Keys, her sophmore release \\"The Diary of Alica Keys\\" (a disappointment) following her \\"over-the-top\\" album \\"Songs in A Minor\\" with its Grammy winning \\"Fallin'\\"!  It is hard to follow that kind of success while these young artists haven't really grown very much, either musically or worldly, in the time-span between the release dates.  My personal critique of this album is that there isn't a single potential hit among the 13-tracks, even with the support of stars like Dolly Parton on \\"Creepin' In.\\"  The best track on the entire album is her rendention of Duke Ellington's \\"Melancholia\\", retitled \\"Don't Miss You At All.\\"  Oh well, maybe next time Norah. . .
0894803123|5.0|I got a Cusinart Ice Cream Maker for Valentines day.  I immediately went out and got this book.  It is awesome.  I made a batch right away.  I made the Mint Oreo and threw in some chopped up peppermint patties for good measure.  It was so good.  It's still hardening as I type, but the taste and texture of the ice cream in the soft serve version was awesome.<br />This book is a great.  The basic recipes are a great starting point.  Also, once you get a sense of how to add the ingredients, the possibilities are endless.<br />I'm making a list of what flavors I'm gonna make next!<br />Enjoy!<br />Oh, I used egg beaters instead of eggs......I have a two year old so I didn't want to use raw eggs.  Granted, I never made it with real eggs to compare the end product, but I'm so satifisied with how it came out with egg beaters, there's no need (in my mind) to even try it with whole eggs.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is a superb epic directed by and starring Mel Gibson.  Gibson does a wonderful job handling themes of love, passion, loyalty, betrayal, self-sacrifice and remorse.  The scenery is breathtaking.  Having been shot on location in Scotland despite the weather lends an air of realism to the picture not often seen today.  A historical story not well known, it is a tribute to those who were willing to sacrifice everything in hopes of regaining their heritage.  Sophie Marceau does an excellent job as does Gibson.  Winner of Best Director (Gibson) and Best Picture this is a must see epic, however this film does require a certain degree of concentration to completely understand the story.
B00003CXPJ|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorite comedies. Stiller and Wilson are a perfect comedic duo. There won't be a minute in this movie where you not laughing your @ss off.
B000053V7Q|5.0|You'll have Elvis in your building every time you play this great restored version of the 1970 classic &quot;Elvis: That's the Way It Is.&quot;<br />First of all, I want to say that film archivist and restorer Rick Schmidin (who restored Orson Welles' &quot;Touch of Evil&quot;) did a FANTASTIC job of reworking this film and adding footage from hours of film shot during Elvis' Vegas concerts and not used in the original release. Most of the fan comments were taken out and more Elvis was put back in. The picture and sound are outstanding. The viewer gets to see Elvis in his prime: a lean, mean, rock and roll machine. They don't call the country boy from Tupelo, Mississippi the King of Rock and Roll for nothing.<br />My only complaint is that Warner Brothers did not do a double-sided disc with the restored version on one side and the original movie on the other.<br />After recently touring Graceland, I noticed in the &quot;Forever Elvis&quot; museum that they were showing the original version of this movie on the monitors. There I saw many fans expressing their love for the King. Actually, it was quite touching to listen to the comments from young and old and people of all races.<br />So it's really somewhat sad that the original version of this film was not deemed worthy by Warner Brothers to be included on the DVD. Hopefully, when this film is released again, it will contain the original and the restored version.<br />Aside from that, the restored verion is great and well worth buying. In fact, put a round table with a red tablecloth in front of your TV, add a few drinks, and pretend you are in Vegas in the summer of 1970 enjoying one heck of an Elvis show.
0684857219|4.0|The background this book provides on bodybuilding is great, and a must for *competitive* bodybuilders.   Non-competitive strength trainers will probably find plenty to absorb but will have to filter out all of the competition-oriented stuff.    <br />I do enjoy the descriptions of exercises and how they should be performed.  I found this really informative and the pics were nice.  Also, I really liked the index & table of contents.. The book is well organized.<br />Downsides:<BR>Arnold's information on nutrition & supplementation is vague and unscientific.<BR>Regarding the recommended workouts... I started the recommended 6-day/week workout for novices.  After doing the workout for a week, I've noticed that several of Arnold's exercises are inferior and/or unsafe: wrist curls, heavy upright rows, etc.  I actually screwed up a nerve in my shoulder area when doing the recommended upright rows, only to read a day later (on the net) that this is a common problem and that's why you shouldn't do them.  Now I get a \\"twang\\" in my shoulder/trap when I move sometimes.  Great.  So this week I'm starting my *revised* workout...<br />So there is some good info in this book and I found it really informative.  However, there's some bad advice as well.  So if you buy, definitely supplement it with information from others before you design workout/nutrition/supplementation routine.
0790731894|5.0|EXECUTIVE DECISION is a nailbiting ride, reminding us even more of the horror of 9/11 and the continued terrorist activities still troubling our globe.<br />Director Stuart Baird assembles a fine cast and does his action sequences in tight, nerve-wracking fashion.  It's nice too for a change to see our government bigwigs portrayed a little more humane and realistic.  Credit to Len Cariou, Nicholas Pryor, and others.  Kurt Russell is in good heroic form as our reluctant hero; Steven Seagal is mercifully given a glorious cameo; John Lequizamo, BD Wong, Joe Morton and Whip Hubley are fine in their command roles; Halle Berry is beautiful and efficient as Jean, the stewardess; Oliver Platt is at his best as the nervous enginner called on to be a bomb defuser, and David Suchet is irreprehensibly evil as the lead terrorist.<br />A thrilling escapist film, well done!
B00000DG1R|4.0|Yes, I admit it. When I was in college and getting my feet wet in radio, I was sent a copy of the first Duran Duran album and instantly fell in love with &quot;Planet Earth&quot; and &quot;Girls On Film.&quot; When the band made an abbreviated club tour of the United States based on the success of &quot;Girls On Film&quot; and its controversial video, a very young Simon LeBon called me from a New York hotel and gave me only the third interview I'd done in my brief radio career. At the time, he and his fellow bandmates were infatuated by America, its landscape and especially New York City, with its wild clubland nightlife. LeBon told me he'd written a ton of songs in just a couple of weeks here and couldn't wait to get home to record them. I'll assume they became the crux of the highly danceable &quot;Rio,&quot; which blew me away the week it came into the station I was working at when it was released.<br />With &quot;Hungry Like The Wolf&quot; and &quot;Rio,&quot; I was hooked for good. Many of my college friends hated the band, calling them MTV dreck as they blasted their Led Zepplin and Pink Floyd albums. But secretly, I thought Duran Duran was the Bee's Knees. As they themselves put it, DD wanted to combine their two favorite styles of music, Chic disco and Punk rock, into one art form. That they managed to do this over and over again, plus blend in elements of Bowie and Roxy while making some of the most off-the-wall videos then fledgling MTV had available, put them over the top during that heady period that made stars out of Culture Club, Adam Ant and Aha. Unlike most of those groups, however, Duran Duran had the chops to make better than average albums over a sustained career and run up a string of hits that still hold up today.<br />One of the other interesting things about Duran Duran was their willingness to change, not just as they recorded new albums, but even with the music they had out. &quot;Rio&quot; was remastered and re-issued as &quot;Wolf&quot; became a hit, the debut album was reedited and reissued with &quot;Is There Something I Should Know&quot; as the lead track. (It has since been reissued on CD with the original songlist and artwork.) Singles would be radically altered for radio (&quot;The Reflex&quot;) or completely re-recorded as &quot;Night Versions&quot; for clubs. Even though it is getting hard to find, the &quot;Essential Duran Duran&quot; from 1998 collects most of these and is worth searching out.<br />So for the 19 songs encapsulated on &quot;Greatest,&quot; you get a consistently satisfying overview of 80's pop by one of its most inventive bands. As James Bond themes go, &quot;A View to a Kill&quot; holds up as one of the best of the Bond Themes. Even the latter stuff (the subdued &quot;Ordinary World,&quot; the funky &quot;Notorious&quot; or the club heavy &quot;I Don't Want Your Love&quot;) pushed the band harder than most of their peers. With the debut Duran Duran album being now over 20 years old, (and said young college radio DJ now into his 40's) that's really saying something.ecame a hit, the debut album was reedited and reissued with &quot;Is There Something I Should Know&quot; as the lead track. (It has since been reissued on CD with the original songlist and artwork.) Singles would be radically altered for radio (&quot;The Reflex&quot;) or completely re-recorded as &quot;Night Versions&quot; for clubs. Even though it is getting hard to find, the &quot;Essential Duran Duran&quot; from 1998 collects most of these and is worth searching out.<br />So for the 19 songs encapsulated on &quot;Greatest,&quot; you get a consistently satisfying overview of 80's pop by one of its most inventive bands. As James Bond themes go, &quot;A View to a Kill&quot; holds up as one of the best of the Bond Themes. Even the latter stuff (the subdued &quot;Ordinary World,&quot; the funky &quot;Notorious&quot; or the club heavy &quot;I Don't Want Your Love&quot;) pushed the band harder than most of their peers. With the debut Duran Duran album being now over 20 years old, (and said young college radio DJ now into his 40's) that's really saying something.
B0000017CA|5.0|It's hard to choose which Acid Bath album is better. They have similarities, yet differ from each other. They're also both equally as good, something you can't say about most bands these days. It's also hard to put a label on their music-it's metal for sure, but a different kind; one that wasn't attempted before them, and one that hasn't been attempted since their demise. These guys infuse death metal, swamp rock grooves, punk(and NOT cheesy frat boy pop-punk), psychedelia, and even some acoustic styles all in one tight package. Each player brought something special to this group, but most noticeable is Dax's awesome ability to write some awesome songs and furnish extremely beautiful and, at the same time, sick vocals. And contrary to some previous reviews, he doesn't sound like the singer from Creed(trust me and other AB fans on that one). Check this band out if you haven't yet. It'll be WELL worth your money and time spent.<br />Check out Dax's post-Acid Bath bands, Agents of Oblivion and Deadboy &amp; the Elephantmen.
B0000DZ3EA|4.0|Peter Gabriel deserves his status as rock legend in as much as he pioneered the highly theatrical rock shows and sounds that became de rigueur in the seventies, then bolted to make a solo career that was more musically centered. Having worked exploding headpieces and epic masterworks like \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" from his system, he put forth two extremely eccentric albums on Atlantic (from which - disappointingly - only \\"Solisbury Hill\\" has been plucked), then returned with his third album.<br />It is that record that probably first gave him a taste of major success in America (\\"Games Without Frontiers\\") and his newly codified social voice (the classic \\"Biko\\"). It's also an album where Gabriel forged a percussive sound unique to popular music at the time, by removing all cymbals and metallic percussion instruments from the room. That touch brought an earthier sound to his music, a sound that persists to this day. Shortly afterwards, the commercial success of \\"Security\\" and \\"So,\\" along with hit singles like \\"Shock The Monkey\\" and \\"Big Time\\" made Gabriel not just a pioneer, but a superstar.<br />Gabriel is also in a peculiar position among superstars, he has a soul that is frequently troubled. Songs like \\"Don't Give Up,\\" \\"I Grieve\\" and \\"Blood Of Eden\\" present an openness that few men can rival in music. Much of this would be sentimental schlock if Gabriel wasn't so perfectly attuned to those emotions; in short, he feels your pain. That's not to say he displays no sense of humor. Though neither song is included here, \\"The Barry Williams Show\\" and \\"Kiss That Frog\\" are as satirical as \\"Steam\\" and \\"Sledgehammer\\" are lusty. It is the lack of a few of Gabriel's more lighthearted selections here that makes the disc a little frustrating for me. \\"D.I.Y.\\" or \\"Kiss That Frog\\" would have helped strike a better balance.<br />Since not everyone on Amazon is infatuated by Peter Gabriel, the main reason to get \\"Hit\\" would be to have the most familiar songs and they are adequately represented. (With the exception of the first two CDs.) His unreleased in America \\"Ovo\\" is given three key selections, and \\"Loveland,\\" a terrific song from the movie \\"Philadelphia\\" is here as well. I'd highly recommend both this compilation as a reference CD, then to go towards the individual discs based on the songs that capture your attention (personally I'd gravitate towards \\"PG3\\" and \\"Security\\"). But with almost 30 great songs from one of rock's best writers spread between two discs, it's hard to go wrong here.uately represented. (With the exception of the first two CDs.) His unreleased in America \\"Ovo\\" is given three key selections, and \\"Loveland,\\" a terrific song from the movie \\"Philadelphia\\" is here as well. I'd highly recommend both this compilation as a reference CD, then to go towards the individual discs based on the songs that capture your attention (personally I'd gravitate towards \\"PG3\\" and \\"Security\\"). But with almost 30 great songs from one of rock's best writers spread between two discs, it's hard to go wrong here.
B000099T2L|1.0|Don't buy this CD, instead try BRITNEY SPEARS' &quot;IN THE ZONE&quot;
0385335482|5.0|If you are looking for great entertainment as well as a lot of laughs, \\"\\"Confessions Of  A Shopaholic\\" is a must read.  I had to put down the book many times because I had to take breaks just to laugh.  I mean really laugh.  The main character Rebecca Bloomwood just does not know when to stop spending and charging her credit cards.  She also has the goofiest of stories to tell her crediter as well as her bosses and her potential interviewers.  She is also very convincing that the creditors can't help but give her a slight repreive.  Everyone has their limits when it comes to Rebecca of course.<br />This story is set in London and the city is described very well.  Rebecca lives in London and her family lives in a North part of England where she visits often.  This book explains the details of Rebecca's life as well as her charging habits and stories of her going broke.  The reader cannot help but like Rebecca and feel sorry for her as well even though she is very reckless and inspite of her scheming ways.<br />I give a lot of credit to Sopjie Kinsella for her active imagination and a nice story line that put this book together.  I will definitely read her other 'Shopaholic' books that she has out.  I will say that this story is a true original and that I have not read a story like it.  The book keeps the reader guessing and it is very hard to put down.  It also moves very fast and it is great read for everyone.  I hope to see more books by Sophie Kinsella as she sure knows how to entertain.
6305095566|2.0|The Evil Dead (1983). Not rated. Running Time: One hour, 25 mins.<br />Directed and written by Sam Raimi.<br /> Five young adults are in a yellow automobile having just crossed the state of Tennessee. Scott (Richard DeManincor), Shelly (Theresa Tilly), Ash (Bruce Campbell) and his sister Cheryl (Ellen Sandweiss) and Linda (Betsy Baker).  There is an invisible evil force running in the woods. Suddenly, the car almost hits a red truck. They are fine, but now they come to a sign that says &#34;Dangerous Bridge&#34;. They have to go across it to get to the cabin. As they drive on it, wood boards fall down in the water below. The tire hits a hole and the car stops. More wood falls. The car is able to move on and they finally come to the cabin. This is their first time here at this cabin. The hanging porch bench is repeatedly knocking into the cabin. When Scott reaches for the gold ring with the keys, the bench suddenly stops. It is dusty and foggy in the cabin (a Hollywood effect to get your attention).<br />  Later that night, Cheryl is drawing on paper the clock on the wall. At 6:52pm, the clock pendulum stops and the clock rings. A wind rushes through the window where Cheryl is sitting. An eerie voice says &#34;Join us!&#34;. Suddenly, her hand is forced by something invisible to draw on the artist paper. Then the trap door begins to move. While everyone is having dinner at the table, the trap door quickly flips open. The men look at the door. Scott decides to go down there in the dark. Ash calls to him, but no answer.<br />  This is going to be a wild weekend.<br /><br />Also in the cast: Ted Raimi is a hitchhiking fisherman. Ted Raimi, Ivan Raimi and Scott Spiegel were Fake Shemp.<br /><br />Filmed in Knoxville and Morristown, Tennessee and Detroit and Marshall, Michigan.<br /><br />Filmed in a real cabin, which has long since burnt down.<br /><br />Option of Language:<br /> English Dolby Digital Surround EX,<br /> DTS/ES Playback required DTS decorder.<br /> Dolby Surround 2.0.<br />French Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Surround 2.8.<br /><br /> Audio Commentary #1 with Sam Raimi and Robert Tapert.<br /><br />Audio Commentary #2 with Bruce Campbell.<br /><br />Includes THX Optimizer Audio Tests and Video Tests to get the most out of your television set.<br /><br />Special Features: TV Spots. Behind the Scenes Footage. Poster and Still Gallery. Talent Bios.<br /><br />20-page Booklet is included, &#34;Ladies of the Evil Dead.&#34;<br />  VHS Version: after the film, the original theatrical trailer is shown.<br /><br />Followed by:<br /> [[ASIN:B004UPALT6 Evil Dead 2]] (1987).<br /> [[ASIN:B0024FADDI Army of Darkness (Screwhead Edition)]] (1993).<br /> [[ASIN:B00DHNAQ2Y Evil Dead (2013)]].<br /><br />Ash vs. Evil Dead tv series (Starz, 2015-present). Season 3 begins February 25, 2018 at 9:00pm.Surround 2.0.<br />French Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Surround 2.8.<br /><br /> Audio Commentary #1 with Sam Raimi and Robert Tapert.<br /><br />Audio Commentary #2 with Bruce Campbell.<br /><br />Includes THX Optimizer Audio Tests and Video Tests to get the most out of your television set.<br /><br />Special Features: TV Spots. Behind the Scenes Footage. Poster and Still Gallery. Talent Bios.<br /><br />20-page Booklet is included, &#34;Ladies of the Evil Dead.&#34;<br />  VHS Version: after the film, the original theatrical trailer is shown.<br /><br />Followed by:<br /> [[ASIN:B004UPALT6 Evil Dead 2]] (1987).<br /> [[ASIN:B0024FADDI Army of Darkness (Screwhead Edition)]] (1993).<br /> [[ASIN:B00DHNAQ2Y Evil Dead (2013)]].<br /><br />Starz cable channel will broadcast &#34;Ash vs. Evil Dead&#34; tv series (10 half-hour episodes) beginning October 31, 2015, 9:00pm, starring Bruce Campbell. They filmed in New Zealand.
0743201140|2.0|I bought this book after reading the reviews here. I expected in depth analysis of each strengths and possibly tips on how to build up on to those strengths and all I got was a short descrition of top 5 strengths and nothing more. Most of the book is about the theory that using one's strengths is better than overcoming one's weaknesses. The book had been much better if only a chapter or two were devoted to it and rest were left for an in-depth analysis of those strengths. If you can get hold of the code off the jacket of the book and take the test online, then the book is worthless.
6305841861|3.0|Immediately, when you pop in this DVD, it gives you the choice of Widescreen or Full-Screen, Followed by the statement, &#34;Warning: This Film Contains Scenes Which May Be Too Intense For Persons Under The Age Of Seventeen&#34;.<br />  Bruce Campbell (NBC serial, &#34;Generations&#34;, in 1989) returns four years later in this sequel to the [[ASIN:B009RI4372 The Evil Dead]] (1983).  Ashley brings a girlfriend up to the cabin where he was terrorized before.  Something happens.  Ashley plays the reel to reel player with spell on it.  The evil force is released.  Girl taken through window.  Ashley finds her possessed.  Girl killed and buried.  Then the evil spirit gets a hold of Ashley, temporarily.  He gets back into the yellow car only to find the Dangerous Bridge has been totally destroyed.  The evil spirit won't allow him to leave and chases him back into the cabin and into the cellar.  Meanwhile, there are other people who have flown in just to get to the cabin.  The tow truck man knows another road.  Ashley is now fighting with the evil spirit and with his own possessed right hand.  Plays like a &#34;drive-in&#34; film and uses special effects we have seen in [[ASIN:B001DB6J50 The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (50th Anniversary Edition)]] (1958) and [[ASIN:B00005KH30 Basket Case (20th Anniversary Special Edition)]] (1982).  Studio must have been given him an extra $100 for the budget this time.<br /><br /> [[ASIN:B009MXSWI8 The Evil Dead [HD]]] (1981).<br /> Evil Dead 2 (1987)<br /> [[ASIN:0783227434 Army of Darkness]] (1993).<br />[[ASIN:B00DHNAQ2Y Evil Dead (2013)]].<br /><br /> Ash vs. Evil Dead tv series (Starz, 2015-present). Season 3 begins February 25, 2018. 9:00pm.
B00018HU4U|4.0|The problem with this album is that most people who will buy it listen to pop artists, who release the same album, just with different song titles, time after time.  Jones and the Handsome Band are jazz musicians, radio friendly jazz musicians, but jazz musicians none-the-less.  Therefore, a different style of album should be expected.  \\"Feels Like Home\\" is not as good as \\"Come Away With Me\\", but it has its own merits and should be given a fair chance.  \\"Sunrise\\" and \\"Carnival Town\\" are closer to the first album.  The guitarists were given more freedom and the bass is a little stronger too.  I agree that Ms. Jones does not need much vocal support and the piano is not as strong or dominating musically, but there is a greater diversity on this album.  Besides, anyone who covers a Tom Waits tune cannot be all bad...
B0000CABBW|5.0|&quot;Whale Rider&quot; is a great 2003 drama release from New Zealand.  Unfortunately, it was also one of the most underrated films of that year.  Its powerful message catches many audiences' hearts, especially the theme of twelve-year-old Pai being ignored by her live-in grandfather.  The writing wonderfully expresses every emotional aspect.  It doesn't miss a single drop of it for a second.  This film becomes an emotional rollercoaster as Pai struggles to find her place in life on her own.  As she overcomes many odds, the dramatic theme arises while the sense of hope feels closer.  The film becomes more interesting as Pai breaks the gender barriers, namely when her grandfather says, &quot;only boys allowed.&quot;  Such happenings deserve tremendous respect for the writers.<br />Talented child actors are very rare.  Keisha Castle-Hughes proves in her role as Pai that she is truly talented.  This emotional role earns her the title as the youngest Oscar nominee for Best Actress at age 13.  Her heart and soul is present through every scene.  Her hardhitting emotional scenes are incredible.  All other performers also portray their characters wonderfully.<br />&quot;Whale Rider&quot; is a great movie for those looking for a powerful drama.  This will keep audiences interested and pleased for a long time.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This is one of the best cd's ever made. Britney's so versatile and unique. She doesn't need a powerful voive to be a good singer. But i like her voice. It's reallly smooth and clear. This cd has a lot of genres ranging from: Pop, Hip-Hop, Trance, rock, Dance, R&B, Reggea, Ballad, and Techno. A whole lot of genres on one cd. Every person should have at least one song that they like. Here are the rating's of the songs:<br />1)Me against the music- 8.5/10 Her first single. It's a really catchy, ubeat song featuring the almighty Madonna. This song will make you dance all night long.<BR>2)(I got that) Boom Boom- 9.5/10 Awesome beats accompanied by really good rappers called the Ying Yang Twins. This song has a southern-bass feel to it. And the chorus is the best part.<BR>3)Showdown- 9/10 This song ...has a popcorn feel to it. It was produced by Avant. It kind of has an R&b, Reggea rock feel. It's a great sing-along.<BR>4)Breathe on me- 9.5/10 Awesome trance song. it has a european vibe to it. It is very reminiscent to one of kylie minogues song which i can't remember. Awesome song though!!!<BR>5)Early mornin'- 4/10 a moby produced track. this is her worst song ever!!! What was she thinking. It has no style and lacks substance. The chorus is the worst part. This song shouldn't of been on the album.<BR>6)Toxic- 12/10 Her second single. This is the best Britney song ever!!! It sounds like A james Bond theme from the soundtrack. Very catchy chorus accompanied by awesome guitar and violin riffs. Every person can dance to this song. It has a western feel to it. It kind of sounds like Linkin Park's \\"Faint\\" in the beginning. Every peron that i know loves this song. Even anti-Britney people<BR>7)Outrageous- 9/10 An R.Kelly produced song. It has awesome beats. It's one of the best sing-a-longs ever!!! It's kind of reminiscent to R.Kelly's thoia Thoing and Snake.<BR>8)Touch of my hand- 9/10 A song about ...touching yourself in a povocative way. It has an Asian feel to it because ofthe Asian strings. It sounds like Cyndi Laupers \\"She Bop\\". I love the ending of the song.<BR>9)The hook up- 7.5/10 A reggea song. It sounds like Baby Boy by Sean Paul and beyonce. An okay song.<BR>10)shadow- 9/10 A matrix produced song. It sounds a lot like Avril Lavignes \\"I'm with you\\" which is a good thind. I love the climax of the song where Britney's voice is at her best. Her voice soars and becomes powerful.<BR>11)Brave new girl- 8.5/10 A technopop song. Britney raps here and she raps pretty good. It's almost a remake of Madonna's \\"Ray of light\\". Her poppist song on the album. Her voice is computerized which makes the song more fun. It's so bubblegum just like her songs in her first album.<BR>12)Everytime- 11/10 The second best song on the album that should definetely be her 3rd single. I can't believe she actually wrote the song and the piano rhythm. After anti-Britney People listen to this song. They should understand that Britney does have talent which will probably change anti-Britney people to Britney fans.<BR>13)Me against the music(remix)- 7/10 An okay remix. It kind of has that Punjabi beat to it. The remix is nothing special. The only difference is the Indian beats.<BR>14)The answer- 8/10 A P.diddy produced track. It's a really good song. it has awesome hip-hop and techno beats. A great song to dance to.<BR>15)don't hang up- 7.5/10 A song about phone sex. It is an electronic song blended by techno beats. Her voice is the most breathiest in this album. Her voice doesn't really sound good on this song. But overall it's a good song.<BR>16)I've just begun (having my fun)- 10/10 All i can say is WOW!!. This should be her 3rd single. It is very reminiscent to No Doubt's \\"Hella Good\\" It's a rock, pop, electronic-techno song. I love the verse better than the chorus. This song is about all the crazy publicity stunts that Britney has done. A very good song!!!<br />I suggest you buy this album right now. you will fal in love with Britney when you hear this cd. IBritney's #1 fan. Buy this album right now!!! You won't regret it.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I can't believe this movie got so much hype and a Golden Globe Award. A more appropriate title would be &quot;Lost My Attention&quot; because the story moved very slowly. Certainly, Bill Murray is a really cool guy and a comedic actor whom we all grew up with. I can't blame him for this script where nothing happens. But his older films STRIPES and MEATBALLS were much more entertaining.
B00008J2DQ|3.0|In my opinion Faceless is Godsmack's best album yet! From the title track and all throughout, you know you are in for a good musical ride! If you like great metal music, you must have Faceless.
B0000C0FJB|4.0|I would like to alleviate some misconcenptions about the sound quality of this album. Other reviews here have given this album a poor rating based on sound quality and mixing. When I buy a live album, I want the real thing, not an overly polished version of the show. I give some merit to the notion that sometimes Geddy's vocals and bass playing take a back seat to Alex's guitars and the crowd noise. This is not the case with every song though. This album sounds like the real thing live and it is very powerful. I bought it expecting the worst and was pleasantly suprised. Alex's power chords and solos are stronger than ever as is Neil's drumming. There are too many songs on this CD to rate song by song, but that's just another positive. You get a ton of music with this album. Where one might think the crowd noise is too drowning, I think it adds to the excitment and emotion of the show. If you want polished perfection in a live show, listen to Britney Spears or Milli Vanilli. If you want wall-to-wall raw energy and you want to feel like you were at the show, then buy this album.
B0001AP12G|3.0|Can't dispute the fact that kanye west's new joint is original.  Beats and subject matter is very fresh with a little less emphasis on bling bling and a little more on social issues which does give a welcome change.  Sad thing is that to me kanye is not really that good of a mc.  He seems to not have the mic presence that other artists on his cd have.  That to me has taken some of the punch of what this album could have represented.  His delivery is not as polished as it should be.  Also the fact that you hear way to much of him instead of other mc's which could have gave a real strength to the already strong beats. Tracks that stand out of course are 'All Falls Down' very smooth track with a nice hook.  'SpaceShip' is a very down to earth track also.  Basically any track where kanye has brought in guests is worth a look.  One last note to this review.  I feel his opinion about college education is very immature and wrong.  Yes he made it.  Yes he was able to escape poverty by his music.  For every kanye west there are numerous others who do not.  Without a proper education you are limited in your options in life simple and plain.  Brotha should not be telling young cats out there that college is not the way to go.  Just my opinion.  I'm off the soap box now.  Cop this joint it is a solid cd with a fresh concept.  Don't expect to be impressed by his rhymes though.
B0001AP12G|5.0|yo, if you ain't got this one, you are sleepin!! i'm telling you, i'm overseas and i copped it! its gonna stay in my classics rotation in my cd player until i breathe in the earth itself!! this is what hip hop needed for so long. he surpassed my expectations for a rookie coming into the game. he holds his own with lyrical heavyweights, i.e. common, talib kweli, jay-z, etc. he must have held these beats in a secret vault from jay. Never Let Me Down hits so hard he has jay fresstylin at the end of it, just straight going off. if you don't have this album, stop reading right here and go get it. this one came straight out of left field. let me tell you, if jay's retiring, he's in good hands with kanye picking up the roc and holding it on his back. go get this!!!!!!
0385504209|2.0|Exciting, I guess, and it made me want to finish, but it's ignorant and illiterate.
B00005JKZV|1.0|I dont see peaple like this movie, I saw it the other day and it was just boring!!!!
B000023VR6|5.0|&quot;They said Dre fell off; how n***a? My last album was The Chronic&quot;<br />  ___ Dr. Dre, &quot; Still D.R.E&quot;<br />Come on now,Dre;be honest! For a while, you DID fall off; and if I recall(and note I recall it regretfully), your last album was Dr. Dre Presents The Aftermath. Dre left Deathrow records in 1996, not only himself proclaiming gangsta rap dead, but looked to forge in a new direction. But when he found that being a solid citizen didn't work for him,he decided to return to what he knows best, and that the hardcore G-funk that he helped pioneer a decade earlier. Speaking of that,how many people do you know that have changed the face and direction of hip hop or any music THREE times? Dr. Dre is that good, and that influential.On his &quot;comeback&quot; album(remember, he says that people forgot about him), he looks to the past and the future to build this momentum of this album. Old Deathrow friends Nate Dogg and Kurupt show love on Xsplosive and Ho's A Housewife respectively;and what would anything Dre does be without Mr. Snoop Dogg! Snoop and Dre keep the aforementioned Still D.R..E and The Next Episode funky enough,even his old N.W.A bandmate MC Ren shows up on Some L.A. N****s. Dre has also apparently forged new relationships on the way;Xzibit, who has always been one of my favorite lyricists, drops some s**t on What's The Difference, but a certain blonde haired, pale skin wunderkind not only steals the show on that song, but on the album's best song, Forgot About Dre. This album is a absoute winner form top to bottom; his next album, reportedly called Detox, is supposedly supposed to be his last album(how many times have you heard a rapper say that?!), and is supposed to be the most advanced hip hop album ever.I don't doubt that for a second; now if he could only get that long awaited N.W.A reunion going.......
B00009V7T2|1.0|This album is honestly, an atrocity. It is a combination of too much musicianship and pretentiousness, without any true musical character. Fans will claim that lyrics like &quot;Exoskeletal judging by the railroad delay&quot; are brilliant; well they aren't. It almost seems like the band chose words randomly out of a dictionary.<br />   Avoid this smorgus board of meaningless drivel, repetitive riffs, and pretention. Do yourself a favor by checking out Radiohead, The Flaming Lips, or Wilco; 3 modern bands that are more important than this group of Berkley rejects will ever be.
B00005A3KS|4.0|Every scene in this movie is unintentionally hilarious.  Its a surfing movie that is really more like a parody of surfing.  The patched together wave shots are comic gold to anyone who notices, the action is cheesy, Keanu Reeves serves up a &quot;Bill and Ted try to act serious&quot; performance, Swayze's character is such a stereotype its a joke, and Gary Busey is every bit as crazy as he is in real life.  The chase scene in particular had me rolling.  Utah actually gets a DOG thrown at him!?!    <br />The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the chick who plays Utah's love interest.  for some reason she just gets on my nerves.<br />This movie is great, provided you don't take it seriously.
B0000648WZ|3.0|This movie is like army propaganda, and the story dosen't really anwser alot of your questions about the movie, but if you like things ripping people to shreddes, then your like this.
6305922756|5.0|I really like this movie. This movie is truely the funniest movie about rock music. Plus the only one(I think),but this movie is just plain hilarious. At first I saw like the cover, whats it about and stuff I was like ehhhhh.....but once I actually watched it, I couldn't stop laughing. I think the thing with this movie is people kinda get confused like I did. They are a real band, but their all really 3 commedians so none of that stuff really happend. Like they play together but none of that stuff really happend. So dont think 10 drummers died in their band and stuff. I mean expolding on stage, I was like F*** that really happend...but then I found out it didnt so, its cool. When this movie came out I guest people really thought that too. The special feattures are really cool too. The commentary is freakin hilarious.... Seriously dude you need to watch this flick, it kicks ass!!!!!
B000022TSW|5.0|I'm A huge fan of South Park and When I saw the movie i cried. It was that funny. I was singing the song along with Cartman Stan and Kyle. Matt and Trey are the funniest writers I know.I liked that they siad Suddams a pansy, that the boys go on a crusing spree, I liked the Canidien American War, I liked ever thing in that movie. It is one movie to wacth over and over again
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye has surpassed ALL my expectations on his debut cd. Not only are the beats choice, but despite his association with Roc-A-Fella he has all but abstained from the gun toting and misogyny found in a lot of todays mainstream artists. The dropout stays in step in the shadow of some contemporary GIANTS in the industry. Kanye stays on point with the likes of Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Jigga, Twista and Ludacris. This cd to me presents the best mainstream sensibilities and the subject matter keeps one foot planted firmly in the underground.<br />If you don't have it already get it now because I predict this will be in HEAVY rotation all year long.
0140186409|4.0|Hello!<br />I'm Betti from hungary, I need for a help. I'Ve read the novel, The grapes of wrath by John Steinbeck and I need a very good title or idea about which I can write a 30 pages long essay connected to this novel. If somebody has a good idea please send it to my email address: rothbetti1@freemail.hu<br />Thank you very much!
B000021XR5|5.0|STP returns to its \\"Core\\" influences here on No. 4. \\"Down\\" opens with a return to old times, reminiscient of Sex Type Thing, Crackerman, and \\"Meatplow.\\" Songs like \\"Sex and Violence\\" and \\"Glide\\" invoke the mood of \\"Pop's Love Suicide\\" or \\"Ride the Cliche.\\" \\"I Got You\\" fits nicely within its cluster of heavier songs. \\"Atlanta\\" is Weiland's best invocation of Jim Morrison since \\"Sex Type Thing.\\" It's obvious that this album moves from Page/Plant to Lennon/McCartney to MC5 to full out Doors. STP proves once again that it can remain an original band with original material while retaining the flavor of their idols.
B000088E6D|5.0|dont you love it when you hear something different than you usually listen to and it catches you. i saw the target ad and thought that he sounded sexy. now that i own and play the cd over and over i have been telling everyone that i've fallen in love with buble and his music. <br />checked out his website to learn about him and am planning to catch one of his shows or at least buy his dvd.
B000002IZ4|5.0|With Purple, Stone Temple Pilots proved that they were not a flash in the pan, one hit wonder about to crash notwithstanding the success of \\"Sex Type Thing,\\" \\"Creep,\\" and \\"Wicked Garden.\\" Success was not going to overwhelm this machine. It seems that the boys had listened to Jimmy Page's reasoning for \\"lots of light and shade\\" on many fo the Zeppelin songs and albums. Every other song either had shades of acoustic material or is entirely soft and gentle somewhere. STP did not lose any intensity by dialing down the distortion. Even the Vegas-style showtune is interesting. Fans of Core will not be disappointed and neither will fans of Led Zeppelin 3.
0688163173|5.0|I love my job but never have I regretted its low wages as much as I do right now because after having read \\"Shutter Island\\" (my first Dennis Lehane experience) all I want to do is rush out and buy every single other book he has written.<br />The story takes place in 1954 when two US. marshals arrive on Shutter Island off the Boston coast to investigate the inexplicable disappearance of one of the patients of the hospital for the criminally insane which is located on the island. The chief physician and the rest of the staff are unhelpful to say the least and the more that the two marshals look into the whole affair the stranger it all gets. Something is definitely not as it seems and perhaps their reason for going to the island isn't what it seems either...?<br />Every time you think that you've got it figured out the story takes another turn and draws you in even further and you wouldn't be able to predict the ending to save your life. All of the elements as such have been seen before but it's not what he does that makes this book great, it's how he does it. How he puts it all together and creates a book which is absolutely mind-blowing. Everything fits together just right and is just where it should be and the ending, although it is sad, is the only proper one. There may not be such a thing as \\"perfect\\" in literature but this is close enough to kiss. Read it, read it, read it! :)
B00018D44U|5.0|When &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; came out, I thought it was great! After listening to &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; I know it gets better. Norah's voice and music are both incredible on this new cd. It is worth every penny. :)
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I don't understand  the haters of this film. What were you  expecting ?  Why do you need a complicated plot,and action, action, action  to enjoy a film? Why hate what you obviously don't understand ,and were not patient enough to try to? I see it as being about the sublime feeling of &quot;being in the moment&quot;,  well knowing of the inevitability of it's end and it's about the need humans have for commonality with each other . This film has had a profound effect on me and maby that feeling is based on my life at the present . Maby those people that hated it haven't had &quot;a moment&quot; to relate to it. Doesn't matter. It's a real and SUPERB film and the ending is beautifully done. Don't rip it apart. Just feel it and if you can't, well that's a shame.
B00005JMQ0|4.0|This film is a personal telling of American policy and warmaking since War II. The central figure, Robert S. McNamara was an exemplary implementor of management and operational research concepts applied to warfare. <br />Working from Mr. McNamara's reflections on his years as Secretary of Defense this film suposedly offers \\"Eleven Lessons\\". But the catch is, the central object is \\"The Fog of War\\". How far does the fog extend? Uhh... in hindsight it seems to be everywhere.<br />After watching this movie I tried to find a printed list of the \\"Eleven Lessons\\" on the internet. Without the musical accompanyment, I'd like to put these so called lessons on my Rhetorical Dissection Table. Hey, movies are like songs, not philosophy texts.<br />Why Eleven Lessons? Eleven is such an unsatisfying number. Eleven is prime. Eleven lacks the symmetry of twelve. Eleven lacks the menacing abundance of thirteen. Eleven has a nice technical feel and it hints at a background philosophy.<br />This movie is a piece of art. This movie is an invitation for you to remember all the history you can and to re-work your personal learning. The lessons shown on the screen as text speak to one side of your brain. The other side of your brain is activated by the soundtrack and images of this film which echo the 20+ year old movie Koyaniskatsi.<br />I call this movie art because it interacts your personal experience. Some of the lessons may be Socratic reflections that we do not know as much about who our enemies are or why as we think. In matters of warfare, the fog interacts with the action at hand. <br />For my 14 year old daughter (who asked to see this movie) This film is interacting with her reflections on the American-Iraq war. <br />For my wife, a veteran of too much of the hard part of management, she found Mr. McNamara a likable person, contrary to her expectations because he is attractively honest. Not naked frankness however, as he says: \\"I usually answer the question I wish the reporterhad asked.\\" <br />For myself, this movie presents important ideas from a worthy spokesman. It is gripping as Mr. McNamara acknowledges what he did, describes his 1995 meeting with North Vietnam officials, and reveals the awful meaning of \\"The Fog of War\\".
B0000U0X1G|5.0|really enjoyed this. don't really like cop movies, but this one was good. great cast - colin farrell, the ever-so-cool samuel l jackson, and L L cool j, put in a good performance too. Really enjoyed the plot and suspense. Highly recomended.
B00006JKOL|2.0|This record will leave you vaguely unsatisfied, which is to say, it may not be immediately obvious to you what exactly is wrong with it, only that SOMETHING clearly is. So I'll try to explain. Naturally, I can't detail its many faults, but one example may suffice. To be fair, I'll choose what most of the favorable reviews below say is the best or one of the best songs on the record.<br />\\"Requiem\\"'s first phrase (\\"Well, I saw a bird today/Flying from a bush/Then the wind blew it away\\") is in the key of Bb, starting on the subdominant (Eb major) and ending on the dominant (F major). Its second phrase (\\"And the black-eyed mother sun/ Scorched the butterfly at play/Velvet-veined, I saw it burn\\") repeats precisely the same music a major second higher. Strictly speaking, the movement from the prominent Eb's in the first phrase (the C minor and Eb major triads and the Eb's in the vocal line, on \\"wind\\", for example) to the E-natural in the vocal line on \\"eyed\\" is not a false relation because the F major triad intervenes. It nevertheless has the effect of one. This harsh and superfluous key change (notice I don't call it a modulation) is nevertheless cacophonous and unmusical. I don't expect its author to have analyzed why (necessarily), but I do expect to him to LISTEN to the effect, recognize that it's there, and do something about it. Clearly, he was not listening, and this failure to listen pervades the entire album.<br />How should he have fixed this? That's not my problem, but I'll indulge you nevertheless. The phrase doesn't bear (immediate) repetition at the same pitch level (in the original key, that is) either, so he simply ought not to have (immediately) repeated it. But what if the lyrics had been written first? It just so happens that the part of the lyric in question is a purple-prose poster child (\\"black-eyed mother sun\\", \\"velvet-veined\\"), so, written first or last, this bit of lyric ought to have been excised as well.
B00006690G|5.0|This is the only CD I have of Eminem, so I can't say it's his best work. I have a few songs off The Marshall Mathers LP, but I actually skip most. This CD is a straight up classic. No song gets a skip, except Without Me and Business, which get annoying after a couple listens. The rest of the CD is amazing. From the beats to the lyrics, anyway you look at it, it's a classic. Just song after song after song.<br />Some of the best are &quot;White America&quot; which has him rapping about the critics, and his skin color, he's saying if he was black he would've sold half. &quot;Cleaning out My Closet&quot; is a great song, with him rapping about his mom and some faults through his career. &quot;Square Dance&quot; is awesome with some really great lyrics. The first verse he's basicly saying he's back, and the second he's talking about how people laugh till they get drafted and get a napkin full of anthrax and now they have to fight for their country. &quot;The Kiss&quot; is the only skit I listen to, it has dialogue between Em and another dude named Gary, Em plays around and says He's gonna kill Kim put he's just playing, and then he sees Kim kissing another guy and starts to run at them. &quot;Soldier&quot; is good, with fast paced rhyming, and a nice beat to match. &quot;Say Goodbye to Hollywood&quot; is a classic song, And Em talks about his problems in life and being a father and how all his problems stack up so he needs a break. &quot;Drips&quot; is funny with Obie Trice, and he supposedly get Eminem's girlfriend in bed, and doesn't use protection, and Em figures out she's pregnant and tries to beat her. &quot;Sing For The Moment&quot; and &quot;Superman&quot; are both great lyrically, but you probably heard both by now anyway. &quot;Hailie's Song&quot; is good because he tries to sing and even admits he can't but tries to anyway. It's a very emotional song stating that he's happy now his daughter is back. &quot;When the Music Stops&quot; is okay with D-12, but it's kinda boring, but it's still good lyrically, there rapping about the difference between music and reality. &quot;say What You Say&quot; is cool, Em and Dre rip Jermaine Dupri to pieces with every word. &quot;Till I Collapse&quot; is the best song on the entire album, and probably one of the best songs in history. Nate Dogg makes it just that much better rapping the chorus. &quot;My Dad's Gone CRazy&quot; sounds humerous at first, but then it gets serious during the third verse.<br />&quot;Business&quot; is good and all, but it's humerous and can get annoying and doesn't fit right with White America before it and Cleaning out My Closet right after it. &quot;Without Me&quot; is okay, but it's played out because that's all the radio played when it first came out, and now it's too old to listen to.<br />If you haven't got this yet, I highly recommend it. I always knew Eminem was a good rapper, But I never knew he was this good. He's definatly one of the best rappers in history. If you haven't got this already, which I doubt, You need to get it now!kinda boring, but it's still good lyrically, there rapping about the difference between music and reality. &quot;say What You Say&quot; is cool, Em and Dre rip Jermaine Dupri to pieces with every word. &quot;Till I Collapse&quot; is the best song on the entire album, and probably one of the best songs in history. Nate Dogg makes it just that much better rapping the chorus. &quot;My Dad's Gone CRazy&quot; sounds humerous at first, but then it gets serious during the third verse. <br />&quot;Business&quot; is good and all, but it's humerous and can get annoying and doesn't fit right with White America before it and Cleaning out My Closet right after it. &quot;Without Me&quot; is okay, but it's played out because that's all the radio played when it first came out, and now it's too old to listen to.<br />If you haven't got this yet, I highly recommend it. I always knew Eminem was a good rapper, But I never knew he was this good. He's definatly one of the best rappers in history. If you haven't got this already, which I doubt, You need to get it now!
B00005Y228|5.0|This album was the first Kylie Album I bought. After that, I got KylieFever! This album is great! My fave songs are: Can't Get You Out of My Head, Love At First Sight, Fever, Fragile, In Your Eyes, Come Into My World, and Dancefloor. A lot of the songs on this album were groovin' on the dance clubs! It felt so great to hear Kylie on the Clubs. And it's great that U.S. DJ's are taking notice of her music. I Love this CD! Buy it! It's not too late to catch-up with the one and only KYLIE MINOGUE!
B00008IAMD|5.0|I don't know why, but that hurt video is one of the (if not THE) most moving pieces of video I have ever seen.<br />Most of the covers Johnny has done on this disc (and others) show a similar honest, direct, and beautiful interpretation. I am mesmerized by Hurt, One (from American III), and to some extent Personal Jesus every single time I listen.<br />The man could definitely communicate. It seems odd to rate something highly that is so deeply sorrowful on several levels, but mortality is what it is, I guess. <br />Thanks, Johnny.
B0000025F7|5.0|This is an awesome album I love this album it reminds me  of the good old days and these are some of good songs on here and I enjoy them I really dug Michael back in the day he could, sing, dance and get down so therefore I think this is one of the most talented entertainers of all -time and I have to say this because whatever he does in his personal life he has to answer for it but I have to give this man his props he is extraordinarily talented and he really delivered back in the day!!! If you were a fan of his back in the day then I truly recommend that you buy thsi album it contains: Don't stop till you get enough, rock with you, off the wall, Working day and night, I can't help it, she's out of my life and many great others!!!!!
B00018D44U|1.0|~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~<BR>Nora and her &quot;handlers&quot; seem to be modeling her career path after Lyle Lovett; An equal, in terms of not being able to categorize his musical style.<br />Hearing Dolly Parton on this album just made me think of appearances by EMMYLOU HARRIS on Lovett's work.<br />I actually enjoyed Nora's first album - simply for &quot;what it was&quot;, and the fact it was recorded SO WELL.<br />I can't listen to ANY of these new tracks without skipping ahead half-way through. Musically they are uninteresting.<br />The writing is weak.    <br />Drum sound is AWFUL!!!     <br />Production is HORRENDOUS on many tracks.    <br />This is a HUGE step backwards.<br />Hey Nora? Want to have a career that lasts as long as Lyle's? LOSE the fools that are pointing you BACKWARDS towards &quot;searing analog hiss&quot;, befuddled low-end, and &quot;dumpy&quot; instrument sounds.....NONE of it works here.<br />Despite what some &quot;Blues expert&quot; may try to convince you of, slick production is what many of us want and EXPECT now.<br />I'll listen (and BUY!!) almost anything if it's recorded well......THIS, certainly isn't.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|This is a great album from start finish and still is today one of the best-selling albums of all time and I still enjoy listening to it today and i love this album if you are a Michael Jackson fan then you will enjoy this album it contains so many hits and so many of my favorites like : PYT, Thriller, Billie Jean, Beat It, Human Nature, and others!!!!!
B00004W4UB|5.0|As a fan of what I have heard called gothic novels - Bronte, Dickens, etc. - I have got to put in a word for this movie.  This is a phenomenal movie.  The story centers around Julia Roberts' character, Mary Reilly, who is a servant of Dr. Jekyll.  John Malkovich plays a wonderful Dr. Jekyll and makes Mr. Hyde into a fascinating villain. He catches the essence of Mr. Hyde perfectly in my mind...a mysterious and diabolical yet somewhat alluring presence though unstable. (In the original Stevenson story Hyde's dominant characteristic was the repugnance he pulled from people when they saw him - as if he was deformed in some way though it was not visible.  It is implied that evil deforms the soul and that visible to other's by instinct). As Reilly assists Jekyll, their relationship becomes that of confidantes (though Jekyll is holding back). He develops an interest in Mary and her life. As he delves into her psyche, he forms a definite affection for her and she for him. There is a certain tension between them because of their feelings, their differing social positions and the problems that Jekyll is having but can't fully explain to the timid but reliable Mary Reilly.<br />This movie was so strong, it just blew me away.  It is what I had hoped that Stevenson's story would be but wasn't.  I have put Mary Reilly, the book, on my reading list and I fully expect it to be every bit the powerful work as Jane Eyre with the special flavor of horror to be found in the likes of Shelley's Frankenstein.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I couldn't believe Kanye West can do it like this. He is different from other producers and rappers. From my point of view he has a positive side to rap instead of the guns etc. As a rapper/producer, this album touched me, because it is something I would have done if I was doing a album. I can't stop playing it non-stop. Kanye West is real talented, he got my support 100%
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was axed before its time, and consequently is in the process of rising from the grave...<br />This DVD set is outstanding.  The extras are informative and amusing, and the accompanying audio tracks are funny and entertaining.  It's like going to mini film school and finding out why things are done the way they are.<br />Watching Joss Whedon stuff will ruin you for watching anything else, because you will come to expect more from TV.<br />Give this set a try!  You'll be hooked from ep 1.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|This disc is easily one of Iron Maiden's best! Every song is great; especially Dance of Death, Paschendale, No More Lies, Rainmaker...I guess they're all great! But it today!
B000089RVX|1.0|I got this cd as a christmas gift and only now had the chance to listen to it. Honestly, I should have returned it before opening - as I do have serious doubts of bands that get massive attention from the media. Well, the songs are so boring. This is no metal. And to top it off I happen to watch a bit of a very stupid video where this lady falls off a building - the video coulldn't be more retarded. Waste of time and money. Now I have to sell this for what it's worth - close to nothing.
B0000CEB62|5.0|Not only does Depeche mode have cool music videos, they also have spectacular concerts that are completely dinstict from other bands. Depeche mode's sequence of fame began in 1981 where they started off as an electronical band and then slowly fell into pop and then into rock and roll and then into their own realm of music genre procedeing ULTRA.                                                                Depeche Mode 101 is probably one of their most exciting and watchable video compositions. If your looking for Depeche mode music videos, this is not the DVD. You want to get the Depeche Mode 86&gt;98 DVD. If your looking for old school Depeche Mode 81&gt;86 then you want to get Depeche Mode Some Great Videos DVD. As for 101, if you get into Depeche Mode, you will eventually  want to buy this. This is a great dvd that follows Depeche Mode concerts up until 1989 ending with their Music for The Masses album. 5 stars. One of the best Music DvDs next to REM - Parallel, and Pearl Jam - Live at the Garden.
0385504209|4.0|Though I enjoyed this fine book, at moments it felt like I was reading something already being prepared for the screen. It concerns me when a character (Robert Langdon) is compared to an actor (Harrison Ford). Still, the story was compelling, active, and sometimes thought provoking.
0517220784|4.0|Of all the memorable characters in literature, Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes is justly one of the most famous (rivaled by only a small handful of others).  In the Complete Sherlock Holmes, you find this peculiar, proper, analytical, brilliant consulting detective.  You also meet his equally famous boswell, Dr. Watson, and unforgettable criminals, plots and deductions.  There are four novels and fifty-six short stories.  Many of them are masterpieces.  A few, especially some of the later works, are dated and disappointing (thus only four stars).  But do not be too concerned.  After you read this series, you will see why the pipe smoking genius of Baker Street has fans throughout the world.  Highly recommended.
0529064847|3.0|You know, seen one, you've seen em all.....I like this editions cover though.....very progressive....The Rasta Bible was kinda cool though....Intro by Ziggy Marley....this could definately use some kind of celebrity intro....
0312979479|5.0|Agatha Christie wrote many mysteries, but And Then There Were None (aka Ten Little Indians) was her best.  This is a masterpiece of plot and suspense.  Some of her other books may have more memorable characters, or a charming, charismatic, quirky detective, but this book stands alone as her literary monument.  It has plot, atmosphere, suspense, irony, economy.  Highly recommended to any reader of mystery fiction.
0156027321|1.0|I read this book for a book discussion club and I didn't like it even a little bit.  Every time I stopped reading this book and closed the covers, I felt like I had to wash my hands.  It could have been a great book, but in my opinion it wasn't.  The ending made no sense and I always feel cheated if the ending is stupid after all the time I spent reading the damn thing!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Of course, this CD has two of Rock's most famous songs in the last decade, WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN, and my personal favorite, HIGHER. However, almost every song on this album is enjoyable, and I believe PEACE INSIDE US ALL and FACELESS MAN should have been huge hits just like the other two. But here's my main point: enough comparing Creed to Pearl Jam! Creed does not sound like Pearl Jam! If anything, Pearl Jam sounds like Creed, because Creed will undoubtedly be remembered as the better band in history! They have had 10X as many hits! What will Pearl Jam be remembered for? &quot;Jeremy&quot;? Give me a break! Creed has outsold Pearl Jam by ten times, and, unlike P.J., they continue to have influence on the rock world to this day! Pearl Jam will be forgotten; Creed cannot be, with fully a dozen MAJOR HITS! You will be hearing WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN, HIGHER, MY OWN PRISON, ONE LAST BREATH, and MY SACRIFICE, like it or not, for another 40 years or more! So stop trying to compare Pearl Jam and Creed! It's like saying that the Beatles copied Badfinger!!!
0792151712|4.0|Winning 11 Academy Awards, Titanic is a huge hit.  Based after the historical Titanic ship and story line, this film portrays the tragedy of the night that the deemed to be unsinkable Titanic sunk.  I enjoyed this epic film because of the history behind the movie and the infiltration of a love story.   Leonardo Dicaprio played as Jack Dawson, a low society member and Kate Winslet played as Rose Dewitt Bukater, a high society figure.  Their hidden romance portrayed through out the film was enduring and captured the hearts of the audience.   I felt that this disaster epic was well written and produced and the footage that the producer was able to create and capture is remarkable.  It left one feeling as if you were really there, on the Titanic and it was easy to feel as if you were part of the time and event.   This is a wondering film that can be enjoyed by many different age groups except for young children.
B000002J09|4.0|I love this album one of my all time favorite and best Led Zepplien album second to Led Zepplien 3 and Physical Graffiti. All the songs rock and have thier own indivudal style. I highy recommend this album for both a starting fan and Led Zepplien lovers!
B00000272N|4.0|layne staley[r.i.p.}was one of the most underrated metal vocalists ever.i just loved that guy's voice.facelift might not be alice in chains best cd but it's still a cd all serious hard rock/metal fans should own.the album starts off with we die young[this is the best track on this cd and my favorite a.i.c track after them bones]man in the box is perhaps the most known track on this cd and it's a great track,sea of sorrow is a track i can listen to over and over[great vocals by staley on this track}bleed the freak is a decent track but nothing great,love hate love seems like filler to me,it ain't like that is perhaps one of the most overlooked tracks on this cd{i just love that track],sunshine is average at best,put you down is o.k. but i find it gets boring after a couple of listens,confusion is another cool track,i know something bout you is another underrated track on this cd[great song]the last track is real thing ,this is perhaps the low point of this cd{not a good track at all}overall this is a pretty  good cd by alice in chains,a cd that is worth the effort and cash to get.
B000067CPX|3.0|I like Red Hot Chili Peppers alot only these songs are good: By the way, Cant Stop, The Zephry Song,Tear, Universally Speaking and Throw Away your TV. I would suggest Blood Sugar Sex Magik, Californication and Mothers Milk instead. Alot of the songs are slow and sound like they got one of thier old ones and just changed the words like Road Trippin or Porceline Doll on Californication. But they are a great band and puts music together geniusly and they proved manys wrong by last for more than a decaded! anyways peace
B000056VJ7|5.0|i simply cannot put into words how great this cd really is.everysong is a classic.i cannot pick a favorite cause every track is equally excellent.this cd has sold over 26 million copies worldwide,buy this album and you will know why.
B00007GZR0|5.0|This is a very good film and thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish. Good natured Rock Hudson plays a hypochondriac whom is certain that he has a short time to live. Totally convinced of his predicament he sets Tony Randall on a hunt for a new husband for his unsuspecting wife Doris Day. Paul Lynde has an outrageously funny part as an overly aggressive cemetery plot salesman. Screenwriter Julius J. Epstein turned in the amusing and often comical script, which was directed by Norman Jewison one of the most consistently competent American directors still working. This was one of Norman Jewison's early films and one of his best thanks to a great cast and crew. The underrated Frank DeVol composed another definitive score for this genre. The vivid cinematography was by Daniel Fapp with colorful art designs by Alexander Golitzen and Robert Clatworthy. This DVD has a really great cover too!
0694003611|5.0|I loved this book as a child aand I would reccommend it to any mother or soon-to-be mom. It's sure your child will love it!
B0000DJZA5|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B0025KVLV0 Let It Be]] album featured overdubs added by Phil Spector.  This album features most of the same songs without overdubs.  Which album is better?  I would have to give the nod to the original, but this album is an interesting variation.  Actually, some of the songs aren't too different at all, as some of them had no overdubs in the first place.  But the songs here have been given a superior mixing, thanks to modern technology.  Beatles fans will want to pick up this CD, just don't expect any great revelations here.  Oh, I suppose I should say a few words about the \\"Fly on the Wall\\" bonus disk.  It features 22 minutes of conversations among the Beatles and very brief snippets of songs.  It is slightly interesting, but it's not something most people would want to listen to more than once.
B000050IE6|5.0|opeth are gifted in making utterly magical and wonderful songs and cds, and this Still Life cd is just another example of their tallent. Opeth's signer Mikael Akerfeldt shows his ability to grow like the devil and change it to a anglelic like voice filled with emotion and without flaw! also the guitars are beautiful, so are the lyrics, and the drums are pretty well structured. to be more accurate, the whole band is well structured. if you love melodic death metal, good acoustics, and harmonizing voices, then definently check out this band, with this cd.
6305535264|2.0|To say the least, I was expecting far more from this film than what I got. For one thing, the actual concept is interesting and original. A robot going biserk while stationed in a science facility is a great idea to make a suspensful sci/fi epic. But somehow this film doesn't pull it off. The one thing that got to me is how dated this film is. It's not too terribly old; it was released in 1979, but the special effects look like they are out of a 1960's film. Alien came out the same year and this film but this looks like it came out 10 years before it. I also was not big on the acting itself. Harvey Keitel gives a wooden performance, Kurt Douglas is unconvincing as a scientist, and Farrah Faucet just seems be thown in as some Eye Candy. What a shame because I usually like these actors. When the robot finally goes biserk, it's not all that scary and it doesn't last all that long. When its all said and done, this film emerges as a failure, which is a shame because it had so much going for it.
B0000E6I1J|2.0|I'm a huge George Harrison fan, but I did not enjoy this album at all. Most of the songs did not sound very good with other people singing them, and the arrangements were horrible. <br />It sounded like there were too many musicians playing different off-tempo parts all at once. Many of the songs seemed to just plod on with overused female backup singers attempting to hold things together. What a mess.<br />Get Harrison's real albums to hear these songs done right. I did give this two stars just because there was some salvation here in the fact the Harrison did write great songs.
B000099T2L|3.0|Looking through 2001 up to now it's so simple to see why Beyonce released her debut after Michelle and Kelly. Why did she? To get more time after the release of &quot;Suvivor&quot; &quot;8 Days of Christmas&quot; and &quot;This Is The Remix&quot; albums. I mean look what Mathew Knowles (that mediocre manager) decided to do. He gives Michelle a couple of months to put together &quot;Heart To Yours&quot; which I may add is better than this one if you are a True Christian. Then he gives Kelly a year to work on &quot;Simply Deep&quot; which most people consider mediocre compare to this album. I think it's one of the best Alternative R&amp;B albums I've heard. And then Beyonce, his daughter, gets a year and half to perfect this album which goes under the title of one of the closing songs on &quot;Survivor&quot; which is called &quot;Dangerously In Love&quot; Okay so I'm going to admit this is a really good album, but why is it a really good album? Because Beyonce got enough time to work, I mean out of 45 songs for the album she came up with 14 excellent tracks. She has everything on here from Club Vibe Pop songs &quot;Crazy In Love&quot; to Dancehall &quot;Baby Boy&quot; to Hip-Hop &quot;Hip-Hop Star&quot; to crooning R&amp;B &quot;Me, Myself and I&quot; to Slow Jam &quot;Signs&quot; and Mature-like R&amp;B &quot;Dangerously In Love Part 2&quot; Yes this album is definately worth buying, but I'm not buying it as yet. Until Mathew admits about this mistake, he can keep the spare copies of this album from the people who won't buy it. Enjoy your musical career, Beyonce! Good miracles for your future!
B00018D44U|5.0|This album is fabulous!. Norah's clear, fresh and genuine sound rings true again. There are many tracks that remind me of  the first album, though this one has  more upbeat  and uptempo songs. I agree with other reviewers thatI especially enjoyed Those Sweet Words and Toes. If you love Norah, you will love this album. Enjoy!
B000002HRE|3.0|This album had some good songs on it, and although some people say that the black album was the last good album, I think that this album is pretty good. Worth buying, but it definatly forshadowed there descent into whatever you want to call St Anger. Theres some good songs but some of them just suck. I like unforgiven 2, fuel, and fixxxer. Some others are good too but these are my 3 favorites. One song that failed horribly is Where the Wild things Are, what were they trying to do? I myself don't know, but if i were you this would be the last metallica album to buy.
B000006NXP|4.0|I appreciate all the glowing reviews of Kleiber's version of the great Brahms 4.  Nonetheless, I still believe his interpretation is too hard driven--not necessarily interpreted as some have done of the conductor's way with propeling the work.  I think likewise there are &quot;sunnier&quot; elements in the score that need not be nail hammered.
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|The Strokes in 2001 received all types of critical acclaim and fan recognition.  They were even labled the &quot;saviours&quot; of rock 'n roll.  Hard shoes to fill indeed, especially taken into consideration that these days there are more bands then ever before, but at the same hand a lot of imagination is lost.  I admit, I liked Is This It, no I would say I was actually in love with the album to an extent.  Sure, Jules couldn't sing a note above the distorted mess of his microphone somehow the sappy and sleepy music suited me quite well.  <br /> Now two years later, I expected alot out of these guys.  Especially when you take into the whole how much hype was placed on them.  I mean just like The White Stripes they are pretty much on the cover of every other issue of Spin.  Room on Fire is nothing new really, actually the album is more or less what we've come to expect from the Strokes. My gripe is...it's a little too familar.  The first single &quot;12:51&quot; heavily borrows elements from the Cars, it's got a catchy guitar played with Fab's simple yet effective drum beats.  &quot;Reptilia&quot;, &quot;Automatic Stop&quot; and &quot;Between Love and Hate&quot; contend efficiently with their beat.  Problem is Casablancas lyrics do little to justify his anger.  He'll sing about breaking up with a woman than in the same song shift to leaving the public.  <br /> My favorite song was &quot;Under Control&quot;, consistent and a nice melody helped.  But all in all, I am kinda turned off.  Especially with as much attention was given onto this album.
B00005QIPH|2.0|I must admit that I found this album a little disappointing. It isn't bad, but it lacks that certain something, that sets great bands apart from the rest. There are two good songs on the album, but it is let down by the quality of the vocalist, who reminds me of Iggy Pop. Their guitar-orientated sound also sounds a bit derivative. I guess if I were top recommend some alternatives they would be: Travis, Radiohead and The White Stripes. All of whom have that spark, which the Strokes don't seem to have. For the saviors of Rock and Roll I would look elsewhere.
0671027344|5.0|I have never read a book that honestly changed my life so much.  It seemed as though I was living through Charlie's eyes rather than just reading words on a page.  I related to all of his emotions and confusion.  Strangely enough, it taught me so many things about myself and the things I need to overcome in my own life.  I picked it up and literally never put it down.  I continued reading it late into the night, negelecting all of my other work.  The second I was finished with it, I gave it to my mum to read and she finished it nearly as quickly as I did (proving that it doesn't just appeal to teenagers) and soon after that I handed it right over to my therapist (because I'm just as crazy as Charlie, but aren't we all?).  <br />The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a coming of age novel that I can compare to my other two favourite novels, The Virgin Suicides and The Catcher in the Rye.  As amazing as those two books are, they came to no where near to changing my life as this book.  I don't know if I can tell you to read it enough.  I am completely dumbstruck by reviews of people who say they didn't enjoy it, because I feel so opposite of that.  It seems to me that anyone can relate to Charlie in some way or another, and the author grabs you into his insecure world and doesn't let you go.  It isn't the issues he faces that hit you, but the way he deals with him and the scary reality he enters when he doesn't know how to deal with life anymore.  But Charlie continues to remain optimistic and I only wish that he was a real person who I could sit down with a cup of anything, whether it be coffee, tea, or orange juice, and have a long conversation about &quot;feeling infinite.&quot;
B00005JM0B|2.0|Way too many cute references to the T1 and T2. It's very obvious that the original writer / director had nothing to do with this film. Lacks the mood and the tight plotting. Plus Ahnold is way too old for the part. Cyborgs do not age! The ending is much darker and totally contradicts the main point of T2.
0670824399|5.0|Matilda is the coolest book. I can read it over and over again and never get sick of it. It rocks!
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I cannot believe anyone would call this movie fun.  Granted, the first film was a good roller coaster ride and I do have that DVD in my own collection.  Reloaded was mediocre at best, but I also added that one to the set.  But Revolutions?  It will not be making its way into my home.  What a shoddy bit of film-making this is.  <br />As I was watching this in the theatre and dozing off every five minutes or so I just kept saying to myself, \\"Why, oh why did they have to go and make sequels to a film that came across as a one-shot?\\"  Of course, the answer is money, but you would think that the Wachowski Bros. could have at the very least put some effort into the plotlines of the sequels for the fans.  All flash and no substance is really what makes these films flounder.  Reloaded and Revolutions are far from what their respective titles imply.  Rather, they are both hollow and hackneyed.  In my eyes, unmitigated disasters.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|As an introductory film to hopefully a larger, more epic and expansive series, Underworld fulfills its requirements adequately. There's enough action, blood, and tight latex outfits to satisfy a genre fan's thirst and the execution is decent enough that I look forward to the sequels, but there's the unmistakable sense of promise left unfulfilled. <br />Set in an unnamed city, the gorgeous Kate Beckinsale stars as Selene, a &quot;Death Dealer,&quot; a vampire whose job is to hunt down the remaining Lycans, aka Werewolves. According to vampire history, most of the werewolves should have been wiped out in past wars, but a subway venture reveals there is still a formidable-sized population of werewolves. Against the wishes of her master, Kraven (Shane Brolly), Selene investigates further and discovers that the werewolves are particularly interested in a human named Michael (Scott Speedman). <br />After an encounter with head werewolf Lucian (Michael Sheen), Michael is bitten but saved by Selene, who grows infatuated with this human. Why, is never made clear, other than the fact that he prevents her from drowning. As Selene pries deeper into the mystery surrounding Michael, she uncovers a conspiracy involving both vampires and werewolves that could tip the balance of the war.<br />As most people have already said, by far the movie's most memorable image is the sight of Kate Beckinsale in tight latex. For those who find her a hot babe (like me), Underworld might just be worth watching for her alone. Hell, if she'd shown some nudity, I would have even bumped my rating up 1/2. Alas, she's still great eye-candy.<br />The picture itself is a bit of a mixed bag. On the one hand, there's lots of shootouts and fight scenes that are well-staged and filmed and reasonably exciting. The werewolf effects are excellent and the transformation scenes are some of the slickest, most convincing I've seen on-screen, certainly better than anything seen in The Howling or An American Werewolfin London. Beckinsale, in addition to being a delectable hottie, makes for a kick-ass, first-rate female action hero. <br />But on the other hand, Underworld is a grim, joyless picture, accentuated by its deadly serious performances and occasionally laughably earnest dialogue. Much like the Blade films, a lot of what the characters have to say is hard to take seriously, the mythology hampered by the fact that it's being juxtaposed with CGI-infested action scenes (though, admittedly, any five minutes of Blade has a much worse problem with this than all of Underworld).<br />Underworld is neither scary nor suspenseful. Selene never really gets herself into any combative situation she can't get herself out of, usually because most of the opponents she fights aren't nearly as skilled as her. Though there are plentiful werewolf effects, I think I would have preferred more scenes of Lycans skulking around in their hulking bodies rather than watching them in human form.<br />Undoubtedly, Scott Speedman must be one of the worst examples of a romantic leading man I've seen. He and Beckinsale have no chemistry, and considering it's her affection for him that spurs her to &quot;betray&quot; her own kind, this is a pretty damning flaw. It's also during her scenes with Speedman that Beckinsale is at her least convincing; she won me over as a kick-ass vampiress, but I had a hard time believing she was in love with this bland nobody named Michael.<br />Directed by first-timer Len Wiseman (who apparently stole Beckinsale's heart on-set, enough that she left Michael Sheen for him), Underworld is slickly-crafted and boasts a strong, pervasive atmosphere. Maybe with more passionate performances, more well-orchestrated thrills, and some bare skin from Kate, the sequel will be an unqualified success.<BR>** 1/2 out of *****
B000002U82|5.0|I would like to say that I am not an old person and yet I have the ability to understand the brillance that was Pink Floyd.  Although the Beatles were more creative song writers and Jimi Hendrix was more powerful, Pink Floyd has a beautiful mystery laced within their songs.  This is art and those who can't appreciate beauty should hide their ignorance not write reviews to bash an artist who created a masterpiece.
B00005RFAI|5.0|I think P!NK has hoostba in how she writes her lyrics for her songs.
B000001IQH|1.0|From the cover of this CD to the music on the disc, \\"And Out Come the Wolves\\" is a polished, unoriginal album.  Two of Rancid's members came from a great punk/ska band called Operation Ivy, who never recorded a bad song.  Rancid's first two albums were descent, but they were nothing special.  \\"And Out Come the Wolves\\" was a dictionary definition of a sellout.  A year earlier (1994), punk had been officially murdered by Green Day's and the Offspring's commercial success.  Even Bad Religion had signed to a major label.  Punk was destroyed completely.   First, the \\"Roots Radicals\\" single came out which was a descent punk song.  When \\"And Out Come the Wolves\\" was released, it contained a different version of \\"Roots Radicals\\" and it didn't even sound like the same song.  The sound of the guitars were so polished that it sounded like Motley Crue.  In the background, there were melodic vocals mixed in and at one point you can hear Lars Fredrickson go \\"Oh-e-oh-e-oh\\".  What was that?  Other parts of the album were just horrible Clash rip-offs.  The Clash were not really even a punk band, but they were a critically acclaimed rock band.  Maybe Rancid was trying to get critical acclaim.  For people that think the cover is original, take a look at the cover of the Minor Threat E.P. (also used for the Complete Discography CD) that was released over ten years earlier.  It looks like they took the original picture, drew a Mohawk on the head with a marker, and then released it as their own.  It's rumored that the only reason Rancid stayed with their original independent record label, Epitaph, is because they offered the band more money than the competing major label record companies.  The official story is that Rancid stayed with Epitaph because they offered more artistic creativity in their contract.  Judging by the sound of this album and Rancid's MTV success, it seems the rumors were true.
0345452577|3.0|Here Kellerman inroduces a new central character, writes in the third person, places the action in an unnamed, generic mid western city, and creates an antagonistic relationship between the hero and the main homicide detective.<br />These are all significant departures from the lengthy Deleware series, and I think they lend freshness to the novel. Kellerman retains his ability to build interesting characters, and handles the romance convincingly.<br />I'm far less convinced that the investigative plot is plausible - why did those who apparently knew about a serial killer leave the hero so much alone, especially when the villain would kill again?<br />It was good for author and reader to enjoy a holiday from the admirable but weary Alex Deleware, but this offering is a few notches below Kellerman's considerable best.
B00006690G|4.0|The Eminem Show is a great cd and shows a great maturity to his other efforts. Best example of this change is &quot;Haile's Song&quot; and &quot;White America&quot;. But i do not recommend this cd to anyone who really enjoyed his first to, this cd is nothing like them. The only reason why i didn't give it a five is because the beats on each song are a little repetitive and sound the same.<br />Intro(1/10)-No Point<br />White America(9/10)-At first I didn't really like this song, but it grew to become one of my favorites on the album the more i listened. Really dark beat and dark content a little bit like &quot;kill you&quot; from his sophmore effort.<br />Business(7/10)-Great the first couple of listens but gets annoying after ahwhile. Sounds a little like &quot;Without Me&quot;. He talks about the same thing.<br />Cleaning Out My Closet(8/10)-There is only one way to describe this song, great beat with excellent lyrics.<br />Square Dance(6/10)-Great beat and good to blast in a car. He could have improved his lyrics though, gets a little annoying.<br />The Kiss(7/10)-Great lead to &quot;Soldier&quot;<br />Soldier(10/10)-My favorite song on the album. Great fast pace beat. Nice lyrics.<br />Say Goodbye To Hollywood(6/10)-O.K. track. good lyrics. Dre should have layed out the beats for this album.<br />Drips(8/10)-Obie Trice debut!!!!!!!! and he's great. Great Beat Obie's part shines. Eminem shouldn't have ruined by talking about killing b*&amp;*hes after obie just talked about f*^$ing them. A little inappropriate.<br />Without Me(7/10)-Great to listen to a couple times on the radio, gets annoying. Similar to &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;<br />Paul Rosenberg(1/10)-Pointless. Has no place on the album. Atleast most of his skits lead to the next song, but this one goes no where.<br />Sing For A Moment(9/10)-Didn't like it the first couple of times I heard it, but grew to like it. Great lyrics.<br />Superman(6/10)-Great the first couple of listens but beat gets old. Great lyrics though, and he flows perfectly.<br />Haile's Song(8/10)-Hated the first time a heard it, but after that i loved it. One of the best on the cd.<br />Steve Berman(6/10)-Funny Skit.<br />When the Music Stops(10/10)-Very good song with a great beat and it helps that Em's group d-12 are in it. Very remenecint of the &quot;Don't give a f&amp;*k eminem&quot;<br />Say What You Say(8/10)-Very good song with a great beat, thanks to the DOC, who also raps on this track. GREAT.<br />Till I Collapse(7/10)-O.K. track. copies off of a beat i've heard before. They couldv'e turned down the sound a little bit, goes from very quite to extremely loud.<br />My Dad's Gone Crazy(20/10)-THE BEST TRACK ON THE WHOLE ENTIRE CD,extremely like the Slim we saw on &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; and &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. perfect blend of those two plus his newer sensitive side of &quot;The Eminem Show&quot;. Plus Haile Jade makes an appearance,what more is there to say?!?!!!?!?!?!?<br />Curtains Close(7/10)-Funny ending to a great album.
B000021YQV|4.0|I am disapointed with some of the reviewers of this CD. IT is by no means a perfect CD, it is not as heavy as there first, and is not as musically diverse as Steal this album. The album opens strong with Prison Song, which is basically a rant AGANIST drug dealers and the prison system. The Next few songs are decent, but CHop Suey, Forest, ATWA, and SCIENCE are excellent. Serj's Vocals and the Guitar Chords get a bit repitive from time to time, but the album is solid. I am very disapointed that some reveiwers have left a comment such as \\"not music\\"...i can see that system is not for everyone, but of all the Metal bands today, system is one of the most musically diverse bands there is. I love Black Sabbath, along with led zeppelin, the who, the beatles, Pink Floyd, and....beethoven...and i cant see how any of those artists are any more or less music than system. A rebbutal to the reviewer how titler his review system of a turban, that is the most RACIST, IGNORANT PIECE OF S*** that i have ever read. He asserts that system of a down supports terrorism, and that they hate america and christianity. One major problem with the logic is that some of the band is christian, as the are from armenia, a CHRISTIAN COUNTRY. The review goes on to say that the line \\"the toxicity in the city\\" refers to anthrax...this is logically impossible because the album came out before 9-11 and the songs were written well before than. The reviewer is obviously racist, and probably is one of the people who thinks all muslims are terrorits, just because of the events of a small minority.
B000084T18|3.0|The only good thing about this cd is its beats. 50 cent raps about the same thing on every single song with a few exceptions(12 quetions) thats the few exeptions. I recomend having a friend burn you a copy or borrow it and burn it yourself.
B00018D44U|5.0|I think Norah Jones outdid herself on this one!  It has more of a &quot;country&quot; feel...I liked &quot;Come Away with Me&quot;...but I think this album is a lot better...musically!  Her talent shines as a writer and singer!  &quot;Feel Like Home&quot; is aptly named; it is very comfortable.
0140386335|5.0|I would say it's a classic, Ende's way of writting its just great. I didnt see the movie, I wasnt even born back then, but I found the book (in spanish) and I just loved it! everytime I read it its like the first; I never stop of getting into each character's shoes. Its really great, and the colors fot the Neverending story <the book> and Bastian's reality, which makes it even better. If u are reading the book because of the movie, u will probably think its really long. But dont let the movie fool you, the movie its just the half <or maybe less>. Buy it! Its worth it!
B00005JIZA|5.0|Damn, I got this cd for free when I worked at a music store. It was an instore play and no one wanted to play it. I picked it up one day and thought the song titles looked interesting. The rest is kinda history. By the way it was the Aware version without 3x5 on it. When I saw John Mayer in concert I had to ask my girlfriend what the name of that song was. Bwa-ha-ha.
6304539258|1.0|I was shocked to read one of the first reviews posted here that Star Wars is &quot;generally considered the greatest film ever made&quot;. Based on what??? The generally accepted &quot;greatest film&quot; among critcs and film historians is Citizen Kane. Star Wars is not in most Top 10s and isn't even the best in its own series (that would be Empire Strikes Back). The fact is that Star Wars is a pretty good movie, but hardly a trancendental experience. I don't know, maybe it's because I'm no longer 15 and have seen the movie so many times that it no longer seems magical. However, I've seen &quot;Empire&quot; and &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot; many times and still think those are great movies.<BR>At any rate, the Special Edition of the original trilogy are set for release on DVD later this year, which is good and bad. I think the slight improvements on &quot;Empire&quot; work in its favor and do nothing to wreck the charm of the film. &quot;Jedi&quot;, which is a pretty mediocre film to start, is neither destroyed or improved by the new material. It's only one or two scenes, if I remember correctly.<BR>&quot;Star Wars&quot;, however, is another story. What an atrocity. Maybe the whole idea was bad to start because it just seems weird to look at pristine new CGI mixed with 20 year old fx. It's distracting and only makes the older footage look worse by comparison. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if the new stuff wasn't so awful. The rotten kiddie humor here certainly set a precendent for the idiocy to come in &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;. I have no problem with children films, but why does Lucas have to aim so low? Maybe he should watch some Pixar movies(like Toy Story or Finding Nemo) to see that it is possible to make a sophisticated kiddie flick.  <BR>Even worse is what he did to Han Solo. The new Greedo scene is an abomination. No one will ever convince me that this was a good idea. First off, Han Solo is a SMUGGLER. Why wouldn't he shoot someone who was about to turn him in to Jabba. Second, it just looks stupid. Seeing as how they couldn't use the original scene, Lucas inserts an unused long shot where Han is leaning back against the wall and doesn't even flinch when Greedo shoots and MISSES AT POINT BLANK RANGE! Well of course he doesn't move - it wasn't supposed to be like this! <BR>And the scene with Jabba is a total joke. Was this Jabba on the Atkins diet or something? He's all small and goofy looking and something of a fool considering that he had no problem with Han stepping on his tail. These are the movies that Lucas always wanted to make? After watching the most recent two, I'm not surprised.  <BR>On a final note, is it any wonder that &quot;Empire&quot; is the best of the five movies and it was the only one that Lucas did not write or direct?
0385504209|1.0|What starts out as a page turner, quickly becomes just another fast-paced movie script, with no character development. The plot grows more unbelievable and ultimately ridiculous.
B00005JMFR|5.0|Ok, so this was the the final story to the one of the best trilogies of all time.  Why are people making it out to be a horrible movie?  It isn't.  What I don't get is why lord of the rings, an ok,  way to long movie, with ok actors and an ok story are being praised so highly.   I dont see any of the hobits going through kung fu training!!!  Anyway  IGNORE all of the critics  { they are seriously just spitful} and see/ buy when it comes out this movie.  It is definatly going to be a must have for any movie fan.
0679777547|5.0|I originally bought this book for the purpose of passing time. I was waiting for the paperback release of a book called The Dante Club and was growing impatient. So I just decided to look for another book to hold me over until it came out on Feb. 10th. I settled for this book, and I am so happy that I did. From the very beginning, this book was joy to read. Arturo Perez-Reverte's writing style is among the best I've ever experienced. He is the epitome of a well-read intellectual. I thought I was well-read, but after reading this book, I feel as though I have just learned to read. Today is Feb. 14th and the book that I was long waiting for, The Dante Club, is now on the shelves, but I think I will be picking up another one of Arturo Perez-Reverte's books instead. Probably the Flander's Panel. So if there is anyone who, like myself, has read many mysteries only to be disappointed by the dry writing-style of the author and the predictable plot. Then I highly suggest picking up this book that will actually have you wanting to read until the end.
B000000WCV|5.0|I've listened to Daft Punk since 1998. That's like 6 years so far. The new album, Daft Club (Basically a remix album) was kind of so-so. Discovery was great. But the first DP...HOMEWORK ruled! My fav tracks on it is ''Around the World'' and ''Teachers''. 'Teachers' is weird, but the music is pretty darn good. Anyways, here is how I thought about ''Homework'':<br />1) Daftendirekt - 9/10 - Very good beginning and end. Enjoyable. You'll like it.<BR>2) WDPK 83.7 FM - 8/10 - Extremly short, but okay.<br />3) Revolution 909 - 8/10 - This song reminds me of Da Funk. It's good.<BR>4) Da Funk - 9/10 - Great track. Good music video, too.<BR>5) Phoenix - 5/10 - So-so<BR>6) Fresh - 6/10 - Awkward. But, it beats 'Phoenix'.<BR>7) Around the World - 10/10 - Perfect song. I really loved it!<BR>8) Rollin' &amp; Scratchin' - 3/10 - Flat out, blew the album.<BR>9) Teachers - 10/10 - Funny. Weird. Insane. Cool.<BR>10) High Fidelity - 9/10 - No comments. Because it is that good.<BR>11) Rock 'N Roll - 0/10 - No comments. Because it is that crappy.<BR>12) Oh Yeah - 10/10 - Loved it alot. But, not one of my favorites.<BR>13) Burnin' - 7/10 - I dunno.<BR>14) Indo Silver Club - ?/10 - Never heard it.<BR>15) Alive - 8/10 - Cool song.<BR>16) Funk Ad - 8/10 - Sort of like Da Funk. Rewinding it though.<br />Thanx for reading my review! =^ ^=
B00006L83N|5.0|Sym X is one of those bands where you couldn't possibly appreciate fully whats going on from one listen. Initailly I found myself favoring &quot;V&quot; over this album, but it was all about time. How much time I actually invested in listening to the new album as opposed to the last one. I've been listening to &quot;V&quot; for years. The Odyssey, months. Trying the compare the two side by side isn't fair. So I put &quot;V&quot; away for a while and solely listen to the Odyssey for a few months. The result? I found the Odyssey to be audibly and technically superior to &quot;V&quot;. Why...? I have always been drawn to &quot;heavier&quot; &quot;more complex&quot; metal music. Odyssey supplied that. It also supplied what I consider one of the best metal theme albums ever &quot;composed&quot;. Go in unbiased and you should be okay. Otherwise it will never come near how you percieve some of their older work.
B00004Z400|5.0|This album is the greatest album I have ever listened to.Chino Moreno's clean powerful vocals create an earth-shattering,unique sound unlike any other.The lyrics are erotic,deep,and somewhat like a bizarre twist of beautiful,shady poetry.Stephen Carpenter's harmonious guitar,Chi Cheng's ground-breaking bass,Abe Cunningham's rythmic drums,and Frank Delgado's hypnotic turntable sounds make an awesome melody that somehow blends with Chino's vocals and sends an aura of dark and bone-chilling music that embraces your ears and mind.Dont be fooled by my words , this is easily the the most captivating and brilliant album in history.Whether you like to headbang with songs like &quot;Elite&quot;,or be caught in deep emotion and suduction with songs like &quot;Change(in the house of flies)&quot;and &quot;Passenger&quot;,you must get this album!I give much respect and best of luck to Deftones for inspiring me to become a better person and helping me out with my band.Thank you Deftones.     Sincerely , Zach Groth
B000088E6D|5.0|Canadian boy Michael Buble' scores large with this cutting cd.<BR>13 songs make up this release and they cover decades of material and artists of all stripes. While I found some of the accompanying arrangements a little overdone, on balance this is a MAGNIFICENT MUSICAL MASTERPIECE. <BR>For one solid year this cd has enjoyed remarkable sales and it shows no signs of slowing. MAGNIFICENT, thanks to Buble' and his superb singing ability. Sweet sounds from the sexiest voice.
0767817478|1.0|I really don't know what these guys were thinking. Maybe their thought process went a little like this:<br />Exec #1: I have a great (read:stupid)idea!<BR>Exec #2: What is it?<BR>Exec #1: Remember those old Godzillla movies?<BR>Exec #2: The ones that were really cool and didn't feature Matthew Broderick?<BR>Exec #1: Yeah! Let's make a movie that's the complete opposite of that!<br />So that's how we got H-bomb-proof lizards turning into asexual she-beasts rampaging about in Manhattan. There are documentaries about cardboard factories more interesting than this. And if that doesn't put the terror of this movie's idiocy in perspective, think about this: I've seen Ernest Goes To Camp SIX TIMES, and I still refuse to watch this trash again.
B00013PHGS|5.0|Air returns to form with their newest effort Walkie Talkie. While 10,000hz Legend was patch in places, Walkie Talkie effectivly conjures up a cohesive album. Building on their penchant for futuristic music, the duo turns to create some of the best ambient electronic music here.<br /><br />This time round, a fair bit of vocals are done by the duo which is rather pleasing. Gorgeous and luscious string arrangements accompany each song that successfully breaks the barrier between time and space, like the altered strings on Universal Traveler and the grand piano rift on Mike Millis.<br /><br />Having scored Sophia Coppala's The Virgin Suicides, Air lends a contribution, Alone In Kyoto, to the hit movie Alone In Translation. One listen to the song is all you need to realize how perfectly the song blends with the storyline of the movie - a certain loneliness and yearning against the backdrop of the bustling Tokyo nightlife. Bonus DVD features a 35-min live concert footage which is really a teaser for fans.<br /><br />Overall, here's the Air we all began to love. A great return to poise!
0767817478|1.0|I really don't know what these guys were thinking. Maybe their thought process went a little like this:<br />Exec #1: I have a great (read:stupid)idea!<BR>Exec #2: What is it?<BR>Exec #1: Remember those old Godzillla movies?<BR>Exec #2: The ones that were really cool and didn't feature Matthew Broderick?<BR>Exec #1: Yeah! Let's make a movie that's the complete opposite of that!<br />So that's how we got H-bomb-proof lizards turning into asexual she-beasts rampaging about in Manhattan. There are documentaries about cardboard factories more interesting than this. And if that doesn't put the terror of this movie's idiocy in perspective, think about this: I've seen Ernest Goes To Camp SIX TIMES, and I still refuse to watch this trash again.
B000069AUI|5.0|Being a HUGE Oasis fan, It doesn't happen very often where other bands draw my interest...This album has become a giant exception to that...I first heard &quot;In My Place&quot; and I had goosebumps from start to finish...After I got the cd I was blown away...I didn't think this type of musical genius existed anymore...From the moment this album dances its way into your ears, you know its something special...&quot;In My Place&quot; and &quot;Clocks&quot; headline this album, but &quot;The Scientist&quot; is arguably their best song ever, let alone on this album...sleeper hits include &quot;God Put a Smile on Your Face&quot; and &quot;Daylight&quot; which both become instant classics...I personally have a thing for &quot;Warning Sign&quot;...it just gets you in a way that you just can't describe...in a day and age where hip-hop and britney lead a talent-less music industry into turmoil, it is good to know that music still exists in its purest form, that can touch you in so many ways, so effectively. This is absolutely on of my favorite albums of all time and I would recommend it to ANYONE who wants to hear and appreciate music, the way that it should be...genuine, classic, brilliant.
B00002E224|5.0|I first saw it in a hotel back 4-5 years ago (also in my journey), so felt for them.  Since then, have been trying track down if its DVD has been out, not till 2002 when I spotted them in Tower.  Such a simple plot, but make you heart so tender.  Such a disappointment that these two talents haven't been making a lot of movies since.  By the way, can anyone tell me what's the song (&amp; who sings it) that they listended in the brooth?
B00018D44U|4.0|I was a bit apprehensive with purchasing this one.  I got COME AWAY WITH ME after hearing DON'T KNOW WHY and was a little disappointed.   But I am glad I didn't listen to my mind...and went with what my sould was saying.  This album is surprisingly good....and a little more upbeat than the previous.  It is quite obvious that the country influence has definitely come into the Norah's music.  The best songs on here are SUNRISE...and the absolutely awesome CREEPIN' IN.  Norah and Dolly Parton sound really great together....and I really hope this is the next single, because I really think it has a chance to become a big hit.  It is a jazzy mingling of bluegrass that is sure to get your heart beating and your toes tapping!  The rest of the album complements these two tracks, and I think it is worth a listen whether you do it at a listening booth or actually buy the CD and take it home.  You will be pleasantly surprised....and the songs just won't get out of your head!
0385510438|5.0|this book reminds me of Pat Conroys \\"The Prince of Tides\\". which I consider Conroy's best.  Grisham's humor and wit are delightful. I may be a little prejudiced (born and reared in the south).  I have known people like the characters in \\"The Last Juror\\",especially Miss Callie.  Some white people were like that too. One being my mother, who is no longer with us.  I have no doubt where she is, if there is truly a hereafter.  One never went to my mothers house and left hungry.  Also, I and my brothers and sisters were never allowed to go to the \\"show\\" or play cards on Sunday.  I found it amusing that Miss Callie might administer the death penalty for adultry as easily as she might for murder.  My dating days with warnings about how my mother felt about premartial sex would be a good analogy for me.<BR>Our lives have changed so much since her death but I fondly recall her love for us and her many friends.  This book awakened many wonderful feelings.
B00003CX5P|1.0|A big budget, A-list actors, and the coolness of lightsabres can't save this clunker.
0156029065|3.0|This is actually a novelization of Umberto Eco's essays in Serendipities, as most of the ideas here are present in the aforementioned book. Mr. Eco is in top form here, mixing history, comedy and wordplay but also, his penchant for obscure facts and dense writing are also part of the package. The novel starts out fast enough for an Eco book. The title character who seemed to be inspired by Baron Munchausen, and his cohorts seem like interesting people, the kind you would want to have drinks with in a pub or tavern somewhere. However, things bog down when Baudolino and friends embark on their search for Prester John. Yes, it's vividly written but there are lots of idle conversation that the story suddenly plods along. In fairness, it helps in conveying the idleness and the slow passage of time the characters experience. It's a fun medieval story but I still think The Name Of The Rose is still the best Eco work.
B00006879E|5.0|Hi readers, I go back a long way. I worked in college radio in the late 60's when groups like the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Led Zeppelin, and the Chambers Brothers (Time Has Come Today) were new. Obviously, I enjoy what is now called \\"Classic Rock\\". At the time it was called progressive rock. Enough about me - my daughter (aged 21) asked to listen listen to the \\"Songs About Jane\\" by Maroon5. I usually like about 5% of what she listens to - but let me tell you this is the BEST cd that I have heard in years!! There is not one bad cut on the entire cd.  Listen to the samples here and you will be in for a real treat.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|-Maynard James Keenan has done it again. A Perfect Circle is back for the second time with new release Thirteenth Step. This album is the perfect mix of a Mer de Noms impression and the devine influences of new-comers James Iha (formerly of Smashing Pumpkins) and Jeordie White (better known as Twiggy Ramirez formerly of Marilyn Manson)!!!<br>-The recording sound quality is crystal clear and absolutely beautiful even on a cheap sound system. Each note sings its own song no matter if the track you're listening to is rocking out or subtly putting you into a dream-like state of mind. The whole album is truly powerful and intriquing, yet at the same time beautiful and puzzling. Thirteenth Step peers into the mind of the &quot;psychologically disturbed&quot; which is extremely obvious in &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot; and &quot;Pet&quot;, which chants lines like &quot;count the bodies like sheep to the rythym of the war-drums&quot;. Through-out the entire album you'll find songs which both display tremendous musical talent but also leave you thinking 'what was Maynard on when he wrote this?'...its very deep and dark material. Once again this album, like Mer de Noms is very bipolar and dabbles from one side of the spectrum to the other. Comprised of both dark and furocious aggression and also quaint and delicate tranquility. <br>-Don't pass up this album. Maynard is a TRUE artist with incredible prowess and direction. With Josh Freese, Jeordie White, Billy Howerdel, James Iha and the one and only Maynard James Keenan, this band truly is A Perfect Circle, and you can't find any better music anywhere. Thirteenth Step is a incredible.
0385504209|4.0|I've been trying to figure out what I should write about the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, but each time I try to put &quot;pen&quot; to &quot;paper&quot; I get a big fat DERRRR rumbling through my head. It's not necessarily that I don't know what to write; rather, I don't know where to begin.<br />A murder mystery. A history lesson. A historical mystery. The Church and cults. Puzzles within puzzles. Intrigue. A smart car chase through Paris. Banks. Secret societies. All in a period of roughly 24 hours.<br />Robert Langdon is a famous Harvard symbologist penning a book on the Holy Grail. The curator of the Louvre is found horribly murdered, and Langdon is the chief suspect. Clues left at the scene of the crime lead to the much larger search for the Holy Grail, famously known as the Cup of Christ... or is it? Together with the curator's grand-daughter, a cryptologist, we are lead through a series of historical clues on a hunt to find the Grail before a mysterious Teacher and his minions from Opus Dei get to it first.<br />The story is gripping, intelligent and fast-paced. At no point do you feel like you're being spoken down to. The fact inspired me to research stuff on the Web. This is an alternative view to history than what we are used to in popular culture, save for &quot;Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade,&quot; which shares the grail and wierd knight storylines with the book. I just simply read and read and traveled down the lines of forgotten history with the characters, discovered with them. Definitely a great book to read.
B00000F1D3|4.0|Believe Es El clasico Album Que nadie Puede Olvidar asi pasen los a&ntilde;os.<br />believe es Un trabajo Bien hecho Cosa que nos Desilusiono con LIVING PROOF Pero Yo creo que es un Buen Album lo unico es Que Tubo Una Mala Publicidad y por eso es que no se Vendio Muy Bien.<br />Todas Las canciones de believe Son Un derroche de creatividad y Originalidad. Es Un Disco DANCE muy Bien hecho Ademas Con la imagen de Cher lo Hace ver un muy Buen trabajo.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|Lost in Translation was not about two lonely people as the first reviewer suggests; it was about two empty people. You have Bill Murray's character, who clearly is burnt out on his career and is willing to take easy money for his endorsement. He seems like many men and women, who suddenly find themselves &quot;getting by&quot; and perhaps wondering where they lost their zest for their careers and/or marriage. His female counterpart is at the beginning of Murray's journey, seeking self definition through religion, career and her marriage partner and has not yet found herself. We suspect she'll be Murray in another 30 years.<br />It's actually a depressing slice of life because the film offers no answers. It makes it sound like we're all struggling along an unfulfilling path with just occasional chance good times to keep us distracted enough from leaping off one of those fantastic Tokyo skyscrapers.<br />I'm actually hoping Murray's Harris is more numbed by the time difference than by a misspent life.<br />Johansson did make a believable empty slate, if too empty. I would have preferred to see a slightly older actress with some personality. I would have preferred to see Bill Murray with his real life gray hair and beard. And I would have cut a few of those photographic reflection scenes that became a bit tiresome.<br />I'd say it was an average movie and I'd advise watching it with a pot of strong coffee to stay awake, unless you're in a maudling mood, in which case you will gladly strain for every word.
1563894696|3.0|When it first came out as a 12 issue series, everybody was raving about Long Halloween. I missed the boat during that time, so when the TPB came out, I quickly picked it up, read it and wondered why all the hype?<br />It's a pretty standard detective/gangster story, jazzed up with appearances by Batman's Rogues Gallery. I remember the hype back then on who was the killer, and the revelation is not that surprising, in fact, it's a little anti-climactic. Maybe in this day and age of CSI, the audience is a little sharp on red herrings and false leads. On its own, it's a solid Batman story, it's just that Long Halloween doesn't deserve to be labeled/hyped as the best or a classic.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|This movie has some plots that happend in the comics while other come form the Marvel Comics Cartoon that was once on T.V.  Most of the movie didn't suprise me but if your a fan like me it is okay that you weren't always supriesd.  You'll buy it just to own it and watch it when you want to.  Overall it was a exciting movie even when you could sometimes guess what was going to happen.
B00004WF68|5.0|&quot;Mr. Fantasy&quot; aglutina en sus surcos todo lo bueno que Traffic ofreci desde entonces. Liderado por Winwood -sin el permiso de Dave Mason-, formado por 4 excelentes msicos, 3 buenos vocalistas, aunque Winwood est por encima del resto, y con 2 excelentes compositores -Mason y Winwood-, Traffic mostr desde el principio como absorver con inteligencia y personalidad influencias del R&amp;B, el soul, el jazz, la msica pop, y hasta las influencias orientales y msticas tan en boga en la poca. Con una instrumentacin exuberante (donde destaca la capacidad multiinstrumental de Winwood, la flauta de Wood, el excelente e infravalorado percusionista Jim Capaldi y el buen gusto con el Sitar de Dave Mason) y una produccin magnfica (Jimmy Miller, el mejor productor de los 60?), el disco suena fresco y directo, Las composiciones de Winwood suenan mejor tras las de Mason y viceversa (como Crosby apunt de C,S,N&amp;Y), y la portada (editada en el original aparecido en UK)es preciosa, aunque el ambiente buclico y pacfico que sugiere esta lejos de las disputas y las luchas de egos en el seno del grupo. El inters aadido de esta edicin viene dado por la presencia de las dos versiones editadas en la poca: la inglesa, en stereo, y la americana, en mono ,con temas distintos y aparecida cuando Dave Mason haba ya abandonado el grupo por primera vez.
0761536434|4.0|Just about wrapping up my read of The Ultimate History of Video Games by Steven L. Kent. Kent traces the history of video games from the early versions of pinball that made the novelty circuit back in the day to the latest consoles of today.<br />It was extremely interesting reading about the early days of computer gaming, from open source code sharing with Spacewar, which was developed at MIT, to the creation of arcade coin-op gaming post pinball and the rise (and fall) of Atari. The book delves into the histories of the greats, from SEGA to Nintendo, Bally and Williams, and even goes into a bit about the C64, which revolutionized gaming as we know it. Unfortunately, I think the only reason why the C64 was mentioned was because the guy that founded that company eventually bought Atari. Little was mentioned about PC gaming. Infocom... ignored. Origin... almost ignored... Myst and Doom had some highlights, but not much.<br />That's not to say it wasn't a good read. It was. The use of quotes throughout the book were great and enlightening. I learned a ton. But Kent seems more interested in telling Nintendo's story, and the fact that he pretty much ignored PC gaming only scores this book a 7 on my scale. Ultimate it is not. A shame, too.
B000083E79|5.0|LO MAXIMO ESTE RECOPILATORIO ES LO MEJOR, CHER HA SIDO UNA ARTISTA DE ALTO PORTE Y GLAMOUR ES UNA DIVA COMPLETA TODAS LAS ROLAS DE ESTE ALBUM SON FABULOSAS.........CLARO SOLAMENTE COMO CHER LO PUEDE HACER CHER ES Y HA SIDO LA MEJOR ARTISTA DE TODOS LOS TIEMPOS ASI NO LO ACEPTEN AMO A CHER PORQUE TODOS SUS DISCOS SON BUENOS BUENO AUNQUE SOLAMENTE LA CONOCI CUANDO LANZO SU MULTIPLATINADO ALBUM BELIEVE.
0452282152|3.0|This book is a slow but tense novel to read. Tracy Chevalier gets the inspiration from the famous artist Vermeer for the book's title &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earrings.&quot; Adding a fictional character, Griet, Chevalier creates scenes between the upper and lower class in the 17th century. <BR>Griet who belongs to the lower classes of the society is a special girl with no education. She has sufferer many of the tragedies common in the 17th century. The differences between the Catholics and Protestants, the life of the rich and poor in Delft comes to life in this novel. A maid does not have the right to speak or express her thoughts, forcing Griet to be a subtle, quiet yet fully aware of her living environment. Nevertheless, she has something that no other normal people have- an artistic eyes. I would say this is a gift from God, but she was also caught into a misfortune due to her talent. <BR>The author uses different aspects to illustrate the importance of a maid in a household, a community, and her own family. When Griet goes into service in the house of the famous painter Johannes Vermeer, she does not realize how her life will change. Her feeling towards her own family is going to change and an awkward relationship is going to develop between herself and her master and the members of his family. <BR>Chevalier describes the story with such rich words and vivid expressions that makes the readers feel the whole thing is based a real story. Im impressed by the way Chevalier can take hold of so many different characters within one book. She totally grabs my attention so that I want to know more about each character in the novel. The best part of the book is the use of Griet as the narrator, which enables the readers to understand the thoughts and feelings of a young maid in the 17th century. When I read this novel, I couldnt stop wondering how did the author came up with all these unique characters that seems so profound and intriguing.  <BR> I strongly recommendthose who enjoy classical and dramatic stories to read this book -  Girl with a Pearl Earring! Hope you all enjoy it as much as I do.
0671027387|5.0|In this book President Zach Herney is running for reelection<br />to his office.He is being contested by Senator Sedgewick Sexton.<br />Senator Sexton has made the inefficiency of NASA his key campaign<br />issue.In the Arctic a meotorite is found frozen in the ice and it<br />may contain evidence of life in space.A team of civilian scientists is sent to the Arctic to confirm the find.On this team<br />you have Rachel Sexton(the Senator's daughter)an intelligence<br />analyst and civilian scientist Michael Tolland.Upon conducting an<br />investigation they find proof that the meteor is a deception.Before they can warn anyone of the trickery they are attacked by assassins.They are in for a battle trying to stay alive.There are many strange twists in the plot. The true mastermind behind this plot will surprise you as well.This is<br />another good book from Dan Brown.You will enjoy it.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I really enjoyed listening to this CD. It combines R&amp;B and Rap in a beautiful way. On this record Kanye is not on some gangsta type ish. He is being real and discussing issues that people can identify with. &quot;Family Business&quot; is a prime example of this. In this song he says &quot;We all got that one aunt, you aint trying to be rude, but every holiday nobody be eating her food.And you don't wanna stay there cause them your worst cousins got roaches like they ya first cousins!&quot; I like listening to music and agree with. I too, have an aunt and nobody wants what she cooks! He also puts a spritual vibe on the alubum with &quot;Jesus Walks.&quot; He talks about trying to keep GOD in your life in the midst of all the harships and struggles that the devil brings your way. West admits he's not perfect but everyone has their own faults and want to do better. Not only is his lyrical delivery different but so is the CD packaging. West does something that is totally original. First it's the Teddy Bear mascot but he has yearbook pics of the people who helped with the album. The pictures in the CD cover are not all of him posing and looking good but actually tie in with the whole theme of him being a college dropout. West is doing it big with this cd. The humor in the CD also makes it worth buying. Especially on &quot;The New Workout Plan.&quot; This CD brings a breath of fresh air into music because of the subjects,humor, lyrics and overall package. I even plan on getting a College Dropout Tshirt. This album is buy no means a disappointment if anything an investment.
0385510438|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I started out.  John Grisham has never written a bad book...only great ones and even greater ones!  The Last Juror is not an exception.<br />The characters were real and the storyline was believable. In his true writing style, Grisham did a supurb job of telling the story.  This is one of those books you really don't want to finish!<br />The beginning is fast...the middle is steady...and the ending is wonderful!<br />I won't give it away here. I'll just challenge the reader to pick it up, read it for five minutes, and just try to put it down!<br />Buster Wasden<br />Albany, Ga
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina Aguilera Es Una Artista Que Con Cada Album se Nota su evolucios no se queda en lo mismo hace distintas cosas se reinventa. Este ALBUM es muy Bueno se los Recomiendo a Todos Aquellos que buscan Calidad y Un Buen estilo.<br />Tiene un Muy buen Sonido es Una Album solido Muy Bien Trabajado y Maquillado es Excelente christina Aguilera es Muy buena Componiendo..........Bien Merecido Por ella Haberse Ganado El GRAMMY por la Interpretacion de BEAUTIFUl porque ella tiene una gran Voz Y calidad de trabajo<br />XTINA THE BEST SINGER OF POP
B00000K31V|4.0|The biggest strike against David Cronenberg's eXistenZ is the year that it came out - 1999. It was a summer dominated by Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne and Carrie-Anne Moss. Cronenberg's film covers strikingly similar territory to The Wachowski Brothers' comic book/kung fu/sci-fi/action opus, The Matrix. Whereas The Matrix was a big-budget Hollywood movie aimed at a wide mainstream audience, eXistenZ is an independent lower budget Canadian production aimed at a significantly smaller audience. Both movies deal with issues of technology, specifically actual reality versus computer-generated reality. That's where the similarities end. The Matrix may ask profound questions, but it's an action film at heart, and it's only interested in asking those questions so long as they pave the way for a set piece filled with special effects and stunts. Cronenberg is not interested in dazzling the viewer with effects and action. He wants to make the viewer think (and of course, feel completely repulsed and disgusted). <br />eXistenZ is a smart sci-fi thriller that is thought-provoking, complex and completely immersing. The premise is pure Cronenberg brilliance: A designer of virtual reality games which use living, organic \\"controllers\\" that plug into the user's spinal cord, is pursued by a gang of realists who resent her attempt to deform reality as we know it. She enters her game to make sure it wasn't damaged in the attack, and things get interesting from there. Is anyone even after her at all? What is real and what isn't? Cronenberg manages to infuse his usual trademarks into the story, particularly technology versus biology. The part synthetic/part organic game pods are very clever, and I especially liked the completely organic gun made of bones and cartilage which fires human teeth as bullets. Cronenberg loves to combine flesh and bone with technology as illustrated in many of his films. The film has its share of gross-out moments as per usual for the director. The Chinese restaraunt sequence was particularly memorable for me. This film may put you off Chinese food for good. <br />Cronenberg's vision is decidedly much darker than the comic book universe of The Matrix. I felt that The Matrix had good intentions but took the wrong approach. It's very difficult to successfully merge existentialist philosophy with action shoot-outs. The Wachowskis felt the need to dumb down their subject matter for the action movie crowds and the movie suffered as a result. David Cronenberg is not trying to make an action movie, so the ideas reign supreme here. The subject matter itself, is hardly original, but Cronenberg deals with it in a fresh and unique way adding his own grotesque sense of style. This is not a movie for all audiences, certainly. For those who like their science fiction cerebral, dark and grimy, eXistenZ should be right up their alley. I find it to be an overlooked gem of a film that is a great alternative to that over baked Hollywood cash cow The Matrix.
B00005JMCN|3.0|You have to check the box to make sure you're not in another Disney-esque Remember the Titans or Miracle escapism here. The movie has a great story, but plays it out with an exceedingly overbearing soundtrack. Subtle, this film is not. Yet, you feel your heart swell as the characters pull at you. In a movie where most of the sets are barns and race tracks, you have to be able to count on your actors. There are pluses and minuses there.<br />David McCullough does almost as much voice-over narration as he did in Ken Burn's Civil War. Toby McGuire, donning red hair rather than jumpsuit, is perfect in that sometimes you like him, sometimes he bugs you. Chris McCarron  as Charley Kurtsinger pulls away quickly and puts the heart into this film. He never seems to steal a scene outright, but his small smile and dark stare make him very memorable.  Finally, William H. Macy is great (once again) as Tick Tock McGlaughlin. The significance of radio is actually communicated by Macy's character to the viewers without (gasp) McCullough having to tell you that radio was very significant. <br />Jeff Bridges is good, but he seems to be drawing a lot more from his Tucker: The Man and His Dream days. That was a good movie, but then again it was about him. Here we talking about a horse, and he can complicate scenes by almost upstaging his four-legged friend. Chris Cooper seems to play right up and beyond the stereotype of the old man trainer. His wit and wisdom are never convincing maybe because Jeff Bridges seems to dominate every scene they share. Cooper looks as if he is waiting for all the other actors to get done before he starts performing. I hear that Elizabeth Banks was in this movie, but if you can follow anything about her character or find yourself rooting alongside, good luck. She's a historical necessity for the film to be authentic and not much else. <br />If you want Black Beauty Redux, you're going to be disappointed. If you want Remember the Titans, you're going to missthe obnoxious camaraderie between characters. But, if you're looking for a good story and a few interesting, complex characters then enjoy!
B00008H2LB|4.0|Very good CD here, though the last song... Numb... Is a complete copy of Pushing me away from Hybrid Theory. I really can't understand why people don't notice this. They should've left Numb out or replaced it with something. It really just shows how desperate they were for another song.<br />Heres a message to the people who rate this CD a 5:<br />Please hone your english skills and PLEASE check your spelling. All you're doing is giving the 1 star people more ammunition to flame.
B000060P79|5.0|I love SP's cd!   it totally rocks! All the songs you can realte to if your a teenager.  The guys are really cool and if you like them   you should check out their dvd &quot;A Big Package For You&quot;.
B000002HJR|5.0|Simply Stated: This is required listening.  It captures the feeling of Black Sabbath like no other band ever has.  This album is for any fan of metal, period.  End of story.
B00005JKN9|3.0|Some directors thrive on big budgets and big canvases.  One such director was David Lean, whose most distinguished works were also his largest.  His vision needed the money, the locations, the numerous extras.  Others, like Martin Scorsese and the Coen brothers, seem to perform better on a lower budget.  Otherwise, they just can't seem to resist the urge to indulge themselves a little too much.  Such was the case with the Coens' Hudsucker Proxy, and so is the case with Scorsese's Gangs of New York.<br />I bought this very well-produced DVD blindly, not having seen the film, first.  I don't regret the purchase; Scorsese has made some of the best American films of the past 30 years, and his commentary track alone is worth the price.  I only wish he had lent his voice to Taxi Driver or Raging Bull or GoodFellas, instead.  These films were smaller, more focused, and just plain better. Slight production values in these films led to tight, tough, clean stories that reached as deep psychologically as technically.  Scorsese's flamboyant camera style blended smoothly with gripping, dramatic stories and memorable characters, fusing a sculpted whole.<br />Gangs of New York, by contrast, is undernourished at heart.  For all of his technique, Scorsese cannot disguise the humdrum revenge story and lifeless &quot;romance&quot; at its center.  It's a shame, since the efforts of many very talented people - not least Scorsese himself - seem wasted a good deal of the time.<br />But not always.  There are individual sequences in Gangs of New York that almost justify the colossal effort and expense of bringing it to the screen.  Daniel Day-Lewis holds the screen magnificently as Bill the Butcher in every scene he's in.  The biggest mistake of the film is not making him the main character.  His ascent to power, flirtations with the politics of Tammany Hall and Boss Tweed, and eventual death at the hands of a young man looking for revenge - THESE are the elements that would have made a great film, were they not frustratingly pushed into the background by the tedious, lackluster character of Amsterdam Vallon.  Leonardo DiCaprio is an interesting actor, but his character as written is just not compelling enough to carry the sheer weight of this film.  Perhaps he was seen by the studio (or Scorsese himself) as more &quot;bankable&quot;.  Perhaps the heroic/romantic aspects of his character were deemed &quot;safer&quot;.  But if there is one lesson big studios seem to insist on learning over and over again, it's that nothing fails quite as spectacularly as &quot;tried and true&quot;.  Gangs of New York, like The Godfather, is a film that cries out for a compelling villain as its hero.  In Day-Lewis' character, it could have had one.  It's a shame.<br />For students of history, though, this DVD is must.  Though fictional, the film's tepid story is nonetheless based on historical fact.  The extra material provides a wealth of data to support this, which is invaluable to anyone wishing to disabuse themselves or others of silly romantic notions about our country's roots.  Most civilized societies are founded on a bedrock of violence and conquest.  The United States is no exception. Most American conservatives would take exception to that statement, but it is demonstrably true.  It requires no less than an act of willful self-delusion to think otherwise.<br />The truth, that at least part of our history is marked by savage struggles and bloody turf wars, is a hard pill to swallow, but one that we should endeavor to, nonetheless.  That is the real value of this DVD, and of this film.  As an entertaining movie, it is merely so-so.  As a history lesson, it deserves your attention.great film, were they not frustratingly pushed into the background by the tedious, lackluster character of Amsterdam Vallon.  Leonardo DiCaprio is an interesting actor, but his character as written is just not compelling enough to carry the sheer weight of this film.  Perhaps he was seen by the studio (or Scorsese himself) as more &quot;bankable&quot;.  Perhaps the heroic/romantic aspects of his character were deemed &quot;safer&quot;.  But if there is one lesson big studios seem to insist on learning over and over again, it's that nothing fails quite as spectacularly as &quot;tried and true&quot;.  Gangs of New York, like The Godfather, is a film that cries out for a compelling villain as its hero.  In Day-Lewis' character, it could have had one.  It's a shame.<br />For students of history, though, this DVD is must.  Though fictional, the film's tepid story is nonetheless based on historical fact.  The extra material provides a wealth of data to support this, which is invaluable to anyone wishing to disabuse themselves or others of silly romantic notions about our country's roots.  Most civilized societies are founded on a bedrock of violence and conquest.  The United States is no exception. Most American conservatives would take exception to that statement, but it is demonstrably true.  It requires no less than an act of willful self-delusion to think otherwise.<br />The truth, that at least part of our history is marked by savage struggles and bloody turf wars, is a hard pill to swallow, but one that we should endeavor to, nonetheless.  That is the real value of this DVD, and of this film.  As an entertaining movie, it is merely so-so.  As a history lesson, it deserves your attention.
B00005R2M3|1.0|SHAKIRA COMENZO COMO UNA GRAN CANTAUTORA, SUMAMENTE EQUILIBRADA Y CON LOS PIES EN LA TIERRA. SUS PRIMEROS DISCOS ERAN BUENOS DENTRO DE LO QUE SU ORIGINAL Y LIMITADA VOZ PUEDE HACER. PERO AHORA LE DIO POR SER RUBIA, QUITARSE LA ROPA Y ACTUAR COMO BRITNEY SPEARS Y CON ESO TIRAR A LA BASURA LOS POCOS RASTROS DE ORIGINALIDAD Y TALENTO QUE POSEIA. CAMBIO  LA SERIEDAD QUE LE PONIA A SU TRABAJO POR UN ESCOTE, Y EL PROBLEMA NO ES EL ESCOTE, SI NO QUE YA NO SOPORTA SU CARRERA EN NADA MAS. ESTE DISCO ES TAN MALO COMO PUEDE SER UNO DE LOS DISCOS DE BRITNEY  SI DE ESO SE TRATA HACER UN CROSSOVER , SHAKIRA LO LOGRO.
B00009V7T2|5.0|I have never listened to a CD like this before. Absolutely amazing. From Cedric's soaring vocals in Inertiatic ESP to the thundering bassline of Take The Veil Cerpin Taxt, there is never a dull moment (with the exception of the Cicatriz ESP middle section). The songs will never get old; it will only seem it once another song from the CD proves superior. <br />The highlight of the CD is track 6, Eriatarka. Eriatarka starts slow, before the chorus pounds you with intricate instrument work, covered by unbelievably powerful vocals. It returns to soft and thoughtful, leaving you in anticipation for the chorus once again. The chorus' return is satisfying, and afterwards stays at a louder volume that the song will mainain for the remainder of the track. The chorus appears again afterwards, but this time the instruments blend together beautifully. A bridge leads into a repeat of the chorus. After this final barrage is finished, the listener is left breathless. There are about 20 seconds at the end of the track in which the listener is allowed to regain their composure before being plunged into the epic journey known as Cicatriz ESP.<br />I could go on and on about each track, and how it's simply astounding. But i'll end this short and sweet: this album will change your musical experiences forever. An entracing journey by merely music is certainly worth 10 bucks.
B000092Q4U|5.0|This is without a doubt the most brutal album of 2003.  It grew on me like no other album has.  At first listen, you don't necessarily know how to react, but after you get it going, this album just kills.  From the first note of Ruin to the last riff of Vigil, this is 40 minutes of metal bliss from the band that is among the leaders of metal for the future!
6303402348|5.0|Forrest Gump 1994<BR>Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks) is a slow witted man who believes what his mother (Sally Fields) tells him.  Her saying &quot;life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you might find&quot; is what gives Forrest his focus.  As a young child Forrest meets Jenny (Robin Wright Penn) and they become the best of friends, &quot;like peas and carrots&quot;.  Forrest finds himself running through life, literally.  Running on the football field.  Running in the jungles of Vietnam.  Running just because he felt like it. Through it all he craves the attention and love from his childhood best freind, Jenny.<br />This movie may be an exaggeration of one smalltown southern boy's life, but it brings out the atomosphere of what it was like growing up with Forrest. Tom Hanks won best actor for his outstanding performance in this movie.  The movie itself won best picture, and Robert Zemeckis won best director. This heatwarming epic is a must see.
0140277447|1.0|Victor von Chen is one of the victims of Chinese propaganda. Their folklore should have been a tapestry of falsefoods deposited in 4000 years.<BR>731 unit was never accused even on Tokyo Trial which was a revenge by winners. Peace never comes as long as Chinese continue their propaganda.
0385504209|3.0|I agree with several of the other reviewers that this was a fascinating topic rather disappointingly boiled down into something between a Grisham and a Crichton. Unfortunately to me this means a book that could have been written either before or after the movie, but which is inextricably tied to one somewhere.<br />The short chapters bugged me, too.  Yes, it's a page turner.  But what are you going to do when every chapter ends with something like &quot;they hardly expected that they were minutes away from a shock that would undermine everything they had ever believed in their lives.&quot;  (That's actually not in the book, but if you read something like that, what would you do?  Turn the page ... )<br />I also lost patience with the alternation of the dumb and smart hats.  The two main characters are supposed to be brilliant cryptographers, but I laughed at how many times each one of them asked the other, in reply to a statement, &quot;what do you mean??&quot;  The exposition works well for screen, but let's just say it's a bit difficult to believe that the grandaughter raised by her grandfather, director of the Louvre, has never really looked at The Last Supper beyond cocktail coaster level.<br />Likewise there was that crazy &quot;code&quot; printed in the book in cursive.  I figured it out in two seconds.  It took the brilliant cryptographers another two or three pages of scratching heads to figure out how to translate it (even though one of them could do NYT and Le Monde crosswords in a day as a child).<br />Makes no sense.<br />Lastly, although the novel's payoff is pretty stretched (and not that much of a payoff, at that, really), I did appreciate how the author effectively manipulated his characters throughout so that you truly are not sure who is good, who is bad ... so hey, good job on that one.
B00008GKEG|5.0|A ten hour documentary? Produced by the band's own company? How can that be good?<br />Well, it is. One could reasonably expect that certain sordid details would be glossed over, but for the most part, they are here, along with incredible footage, new interviews, classic performances, home movies, and incredible 5.1 surround sound remixes of the songs in the soundtrack. Hearing &quot;Something&quot; or &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; in surround sound is a remarkable experience. <br />So, let's talk quality and bonus features.<br />The video quality is superb, and shows no issues of PAL to NTSC conversion, a remarkable feat considering how many dvds seem to mess this up lately. The picture is very sharp, and the encode seems to have been done at a very high rate, so there is simply no apparent artifacting. <br />The sound is perfect. I can't imagine how many hours of effort must have gone into remixing everything for this presentation, but it must have been an effort.<br />The bonus features are okay. We get to see the whole Threetle's jam session, with George getting impatient with the whole project. The two bonus videos are nice to have, it's especially nice to finally have the Real Love video. There are also some interviews in the studio that are a bit illuminating. <br />The set is absolutely worth your time, even if you already have the VHS or Laserdisc versions.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I first heard this over at my neighbor's house, now I'm spreading the word to everybody that'll listen.  This is such a breath of fresh air, music is going so downhill right now and he is actually intellegent and well-spoken. Anyways, I think Kanye West is going to go far, but if he doesn't at least he will make great albums. I love Thru the Wire, School Spirit, Get Em High, and Never Let Me Down. Hopefully this means that rap will be good again, ugh 50 Cent and G-Unit and all that need to go away. Thanks for your time, BUY THIS ALBUM!!!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Ok they're in Japan and they're lonely they find each other, they have some fun, but I never found these two interesting.  Drinking, Drinking, Drinking....go home to your family....blow your brains out...have it out with your inatentive husband...get a divorce.  The fake insightfulness of this maudlin snorefest is only saved by the closing credits, which if played loud enough will wake you up and let you know the movie's over.
B0000017CA|5.0|The only reaason that I am writing another positive review for this already ridiculously praised album is because it deserves it.  It deserves all the praise that it didn't get when originally released.  &quot;Kite String&quot; is a truly original album that has not, even years since it's release, been surpassed in it's scope, ferocity, or blackness.  It truly is one of the best albums ever created.
B00013RC8O|4.0|The quality of this film on DVD is excellent. The film is reproduced (or re-transferred) better than I had hoped. I would like to clarify some details. The color is vivid and clear, Yes, The film IS in stereo, it is in 5.1 dolby surround. Ok, the stereo track i assume is derived from the original mono soundtrack, only it was cleaned up and has no noticeable hiss. You do not hear the action move from left to right of screen, but you notice sound all around you via 5.1 surround. Its very good nonetheless. The fidelity is excellent..The roar of the Challenger is untainted and far better than VHS. There is commentary by original director (wait till you hear what he says what Gilda Texter(the nude motorcyclist) had to endure) Also, all TV and Movie trailers in all their cheesy 70's glory, UK version on flipside with 2 cut scenes...Highly Recommended....
B0001AP12G|5.0|Lets all admitt jay z said that memphis bleek was his protege. To me he could never be his protege hes tooo different. I think kanye west will be the next best person. Cause of one huge fact. Hes the only artist on the roc besides camron to go platinum. And already he has topped camrons debut from the roc. He should be jay zs protege cause he is amazing. And his album dont even get me started that album is trully one of the best produced and lyrical albums without the use of vilence I have heared period. End of story. Kanye west has 100% of me forever know. If i ever get signed I will definitly like to have him do my entire album. [...]
B00001QEE7|5.0|Movie:  What is left to be said about &quot;The Little Mermaid?&quot;  This is the mvoie that saved the Disney animation department in 1989.  After being in a slouch in the late 70's and early 80's the Disney studio got a blessing in disguise: Universal's &quot;An American Tale&quot; became the top grossing animated film of all time up to that point. Disney had competition. They decided to make a huge turn-around and created one of the greatest animated films of all time.  &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; was an immediate smash, and heralded the Disney animation rennaissance.  Not since &quot;Snow White&quot; in 1937 had there been such a good animated film.  &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; has held up incredibly well over the past 15 years, and is still a great movie.  It is my second favorite animated film ever behind &quot;Beauty And The Beast.&quot;  Ariel is one of the best heriones to come from Disney, ranking up there with Snow White, Princess Jasmine, and Belle.  I'm not even going to bother with a plot recap, as everyone has seen this movie at least once.  &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; comes to DVD in a rather lackluster release, but its enough to hold fans over until the 2-Disc Platinum Edition is released.    (5.5/5)<br />Video:  The film is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.66:1, and is non-anamorphic.  The film has always been very grainy, so that should not be seen as a sign of inferior quality.  The picture only looks okay.  Not bad at all, but if it were a little less bland in the color department, that would have helped.  Sharpness and detail are very good, however.  (3.5/5)<br />Audio:  There were apparently two versions of the this DVD released, or one was an extremely limited promotional copy, or something.  The DVD available here on Amazon has the wonderful Dolby Digital 5.1 remix that was done for the film's 1997 theatrical rerelease.  This is a fabulous mix.  The surrounds are put to effective use throughout, but are subtlewhen neccessary.  The front 3 channels are also used very well, and bass is deep and responsive.  Excellent. <br />There also seems to be a much more limited copy floating around that also includes a Dolby 2.0 Surround track, as well as a DTS 5.1 Surround track.  This is the copy I own.  However good the Dolby Digital track is, the DTS is even better.  There is better bass response, and the mix is a little louder.  The 2.0 Surround track is how the film sounded back in 1989, and is good for purists who hate remixes.      (5/5)<br />Extras: None, not even a trailer.   (0/5)<br />Overall:  &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; is a fantastic movie that everyone should own.  If you just can't wait for the Platinum Edition like I couldn't, then go ahead, buy this DVD.  If you have DTS capability, try to find the version with the DTS track, which can probably be found on Ebay, where I purchased my copy.  Whichever version you choose, expect a great film either way.  But, with the Platinum Edition announced for an October 2005 release, the wait is nearly over!  I can't wait for the Platinum Edition!  Oh well, I still have the movie to tide me over.
B00006JJ1O|4.0|t.a.t.u. is one of the greatest refreshing pieces of pop to hit my ears in years. The first track \\" Not Gonna Get Us\\" is a powerful love anthem where you can almost feel the intensity run through your viens. The debut single \\"All the Things She Said\\" is a head bobbing, fist clenching adreniline ride. \\"Show Me Love\\" is a perfect dance floor monster. And \\"30 Minutes\\" is a remarkably haunting ballad, with an eerie, somber feel to it. <BR>        The one cover song \\"How Soon is Now?\\" releases the more rock side of t.a.t.u., with its endless guitar riffs and small but hard voices of t.a.t.u. \\"Clowns\\" is a hard hitting mass of teenage confusion and teenage rebellion. You can hear these girls crying out for help on this one. By far the most soft pop, but probably the most catchiest song on the album, \\"Malchik Gay\\" delivers it's message with a rythym that is sure to devour any one it comes in contact with. The most extroadinary piece of work on the whole entire album and probably this year \\"STARS\\"delivers its message and makes the listiner think. It is the greatest retrospective songs ever (lyrical and otherwise). <BR>         This album may only be an 11 track album but it's worth whatever you have to pay. 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane\\" by t.A.T.u. is a \\"must own\\" album.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|Unforgiven is a chilling powerfull movie that will leave impressions on you. i bought this expecting an ass-kicking fest from clint eastwood. boy was i wrong. those of you familiar with anime can definately link this with ruoni kenshin. eastwood plays an ex-super killer turned family man. but with the passing of his wife, there is no longer anything holding him back from what he used to be. i wont spoil anything for you, but i'll say that the ending is really surprising. the acting is good from everyone, and the directing is great also. as for the special features, oohh boy is there a lot to be had. several documentaries, commentaries, and even an episode of an old west show called Maverick which eastwood is in (sheesh does he look young!). if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed. however if you are looking for a western Taxi Driver, this is what you want.
B00004RD54|5.0|For all you metal heads! If you want to hear fantastic guitar check this out. From it's release in 73 {I was 9), to date I have not heard to many albums (or CD's) that can come close to the true nature of rock'n'roll guitar as this. Again the title is &quot;rock'n'roll animal&quot;. DON'T LET THE COVER FOOL YOU.
B000002UAO|5.0|Why does Rubber Soul always end up in the top 5 of every &quot;greatest albums of all time&quot; list? Heres why... Norwegian Wood. Nowhere Man. Michelle.Girl.If I Needed Someone. And the song voted the greatest song ever in a poll of a couple years ago,In My Life.
B000069KGM|4.0|I owned this release on vinyl while reaching for my teen years,<br />when it first came out. I loved it. But it's brilliance quickly<br />faded in my disgust over how fast these guys sold out to the<br />pop loving, lightweight,top fortyish A.M. radio masses. Years<br />passed,a lot of great misic took turns filling my head with their<br />wonders, and soon I forgot about this recording all together.<br />Then, while recently searching the Amazon site for new wonders,<br />and forgotten loves, I stumbled upon this one once again. I<br />really couldn't remember much about it, only that I once liked<br />it. So I thouhgt I would pick it up. I was amazed. It sounds<br />even better today than it did in that long ago time. The brass<br />is excellent, and somewhat groundbreaking for it's time. I<br />doubt very much that I appreciated the horn sound back in the<br />old days, the way I am capable of appreciating it now. But the<br />real stand out on this piece is Terry Kath's guitar work.<br />That is what I enjoyed as a kid, and it sounds just as good now<br />as it did then. Like a chance meeting with an old flame long<br />forgotten, the fire has rekindled. This is a great release and<br />I would recommend it to any music lover. It is a piece of down,<br />dirty hard rock put out by an otherwise lackluster band.<br />Thanks,<br />Tom
0385504209|5.0|I could barely put this book down!  Dan Brown is an excellent storyteller.  He makes this very controversial topic read like an action novel.  Excellent read.
B0001AP12G|5.0|KANYE WEST'S DEBUT WAS ONE OF THE BEST RAP ALBUMS I HAVE HEARD IN A WHILE. HE HAS THIS WAY OF MIXING ALL OF THESE ELEMENTS TOGETHER TO MAKE ONE EXPLOSIVE HIT AFTER ANOTHER. HIS MUSIC HAS A WAY OF SAYING SOMETHING WITHOUT FORCING IT DOWN YOUR THROAT. IF YOU LOVE RAP OR NOT YOU CAN RESPECT THIS ALBUM. ITS SMART, FUNNY, THOUGHTFUL, AND INVENTIVE ALL AT ONCE. HIS MUSIC IS LIKE HIS LOOK NERDY YET COOL, HIP HOP WITH A COLLEGE TWIST. IT'S AMAZING, I LOVED IT. A MUST BUY. AND AS A BONUS HES ADORABLE. SO GO GET COLLEGE DROPOUT YOU WONT REGRET IT.
B00005JL3A|2.0|If you are unfamiliar with the incredible Resident Evil video games, watching this movie won't make you want to try them out.  And if you're a fan them, like myself, you're going to be set up for extreme disappointment.<br />First of all, there's not much here in common with the games, other than zombies and an occasional mention of the T-virus or some other phrase from the games.  Secondly, there is nothing frightening about this movie.  Unlike the games, all the instances of violence/gore/shock come across as very campy rather than scary.  Actually, \\"campy\\" may be the wrong word to use, as that would imply a bit of lightheartedness- this movie takes itself *way* too seriously.<br />You feel very little tension or buildup while watching, and you'll find yourself looking at the packaging halfway through to find out what the running time is.  It's just plain boring.  And of course, there's a setup for a sequel no one is asking them to make.<br />The only impressive thing about this film is the performance of lead actress Milla Jovovich, who seems to be the only involved in the movie who realizes this is based on a VIDEO GAME, not Shakespeare.  She did a great job considering the quality of the movie.  On the other hand, Michelle Rodriguez gives an eye-rollingly melodramatic performance as the token \\"tough chick.\\"  The other actors either just stand around, get killed, or most likely, both.<br />But who knows, maybe the upcoming sequel will be better.  But not likely.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Absolutely amazing. I didn't know if this album would do it for me and hten i started reading some reviews so i decided i had to go get it. From the second i popped it in my car, i havent turned it off. Its not only a classic debut, but one of the most important hip hop albums of the decade. Kanye is a genius, putting together bomb beats and lyrics that either make you laugh or give you chills. 'Through the Wire' speaks for itself...thats the heart of the album. Songs like Get Em high, breathe in breath out, all falls down...those keep your head bouncing...and then theres songs like never let em down, two words nad family business that will move you. I cant get enough of this album and hope kanye stays around for a long long time.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|In a world of mediocre music masquerading as R&B, finally someone got it right. Old school feel; not too much sampling; actual musicianship and an artist that can actually sing. Thanks, Alicia. I wasn't a fan of Songs in A Minor, and I didn't agree with all the Grammy hype (not in a field against Jill Scott, India Arie, and Heather Headly), but this is worthy of awards, in my opinion. Bring back real music!!!
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kanye West gives us an amazing debuts.  All his songs are hot, having amazing beats and decent MCing.  Kanye handles his own with Jay-Z and other guest artists.  Still, the CD is inundated with pointless, sometimes plain annoying skits.  For example, tracks 14 through 17 contain 3 skits and only one song.  Just skip the skits and listen to his songs.
B00012QM8G|5.0|I cannot help but cry whenever I see this movie.  However,  I feel very strongly that historical movies (no matter how shocking), MUST be told so that they may be REMEMBERED...
B000002UJQ|5.0|When I first heard a track from what I like to call The Greatest Rock Album Ever Made, I was in my car in North Hollywood, California.  I'd only recently moved to L.A., and I had this overwhelmed feeling about living here.  The sheer magnitude of the place made me feel like a tiny cog in an enormous machine.  It was in this state of mind, both excited and intimidated by the future, that I heard a song on KCRW called \\"Exit Music (For a Film).\\"    I didn't know who it was I was hearing, but that voice, so desperate and determined in the same breath, was weirdly compelling.  The voice got bolder, and with it the music grew louder, until it exploded into this fuzzy beast of a guitar, leaping and crawling like a spider and sending a crazy lattice of treble through my ears.  The experience was profound.  I couldn't leave my car.  I had to risk running late just to know, who was that?  Turns out it was ... Radiohead?  Really?       Those guys who did \\"Creep\\"?    Up until then, that's all I really knew about Radiohead.  I thought \\"Creep\\" was pretty good, but it reeked of one hit wonder.  I had nothing against them, I'd just never bothered with Radiohead before.  But now, based on just this song, I had to know what the rest of the album was like.  I picked up OK Computer later that day.    This would be the album that made me feel excited again about what music could do, like when I was a teenager and I got my first taste of Pink Floyd.  The first song was good; the second was amazing.  And then it got even better.  I could hardly believe that rock music could be this engaging yet entirely new, innovative but at the same time somehow inevitable.      The whole album is like that: vocals, guitar, bass and drums consistently hit the mark.  That would have been enough to make a memorable album, but there's something bigger going on here, something deeper.   You can hear it in the album's tone, its lyrics, even its title: It's not just an album.  It's a warning.     In every song, there's a resonant concern about where our fondness for technology is taking us, how it is changing us.  But while there is dread for what the future may hold, there is also hope, real hope.  That's what made OK Computer a completely indispensable CD for me.  It was like a sonic vindication of what I was feeling at the time, proof that I wasn't alone.    OK Computer is one of those very rare albums I have never tired of, no matter how many times I listen to it.  Like a Shakespeare play, a Kubrick movie, or any well-made work of art, it bears repeated viewings -- and reveals something new with every listening.  If you don't have OK Computer, pick it up.  And if you do, pop it in and hear it again.  In fact, put it on right now, while you're thinking about it.
B000000W9Z|4.0|This album is indeed an oddity (and not a space one), dark and foreboding in places, rich in pop in other places.  It probably doesn't stand out on the David Bowie map of a discography, but contains good music nevertheless.<br />I tend to agree that Bowie's 1995's &quot;Outside,&quot; probably won't get any nominations for the &quot;Feel Good&quot; soundtrack of the 90's.  After all it is a concept album oddly enough built around this displaced and dislocated industrial future of crime and technology.  It reeks of Matrix.  It smells of The Blade Runner.  It could be a soundtrack to a Tim Burton film.  So you won't listen to this album all the way through as a &quot;pick me up&quot; on your drive home from the office, but one track or two may get you bumping and hopping across the dance floor.<br />Though, Brian Eno produces and plays here, Trent Reznor's, of nine-inch-nails fame, stamp is all throughout.  Bowie has indeed proved himself a chameleon of the changing musical landscape through time and he has done that change of colors well.  His music in &quot;Outside,&quot; reflects musical trends of electronica and darkness of the times.  Standouts are the allure and lustiness and dance floor grind of, &quot;Hearts Filthy Lesson,&quot; the pop radio-play and British-ness of &quot;I have not been to Oxford Town,&quot; the 80's drive of keyboard pulse of &quot;No Control,&quot; and finally the pump up piano-laced drum beat of &quot;Thru' These Architects Eyes.&quot;<br />Certainly Bowie could have filtered through the songs, made a cut, and released this as a more popular well-selling pop album, but he didn't.  That's the beauty though of an artist that has already made his mark.  They are freed up to pursue their artistic bent of the time.  Without that, in &quot;Outside,&quot; we wouldn't have gotten the arty concept of a twisted story with seedy characters of &quot;Baby Grace,&quot; &quot;Algeria Touchshriek,&quot; and &quot;Nathan Alder.&quot;  Granted some of us could do without the concept, but Bowie's music here holds interest and some songs should be ranked right up there with his best (though as a collection &quot;Outside&quot; will most likely be relegated to an obscure footnote).<br />--MMWould do without the concept, but Bowie's music here holds interest and some songs should be ranked right up there with his best (though as a collection &quot;Outside&quot; will most likely be relegated to an obscure footnote).<br />--MMW
B00006RCNW|5.0|Yes, everything you've heard about this series is true.<BR>Visceral, intense, smart, captivating, complex...<BR>A must-buy.<BR>I'd suggest to track down the R2 release, since the series is presented in WIDESCREEN on it.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kayne knows how to churn out some nice beats. And wow, a rapper who's vocabulary expands beyond \\"hoe\\" and \\"n****\\". Easy listening.
B000001EL7|4.0|Good Fast paced Rock and Roll which you will give more then a few listens.<BR>Even though Christine 16, I stole Your Love and Hooligan all rate high marks it's Shock Me which will have you enthralled. This is Ace Frehley's first attempt at lead vocals and it moves you.If this song was performed by anyone else it would be considered mundane but somehow Ace lifts it to a shockingly good bit o rock.
B00006CXXU|1.0|I can't understand why people choose to buy and listen to this garbage. Maybe in her own way, Christina has a good voice, but frankly, I can't stand her voice. She has no vocal control at all and spends more time shouting and over singing to the point that it hurts the ears. The endless and needless embellishments and trillings are enough to make my skin crawl. Her performance on the Grammys was so nauseating that I had to turn the channel. As for the album, it is full of stupid songs with no substance starting with the trashy 'Dirrty' song and the equally annoying 'The Voice Within'. As long as the teeny boppers keep on buying this garbage, Christina won't 'go away' like I wish she would. Her trashy image and the way she has marketed herself are the only reasons she has lasted this long. What will it take to encourage people to buy music by artists who can actually sing. Enough already of the Christinas and the Britneys not to mention the Shanias, Kylies and Avrils out there!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Just like everyone else has been saying the album is exellent. Kanye is a wonderful producer and a good emcee too. I know if he works with sum of the rappers in the game(Jay-Z) on his rhyming he will be one crazy ass artist.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Rufus Wainwright - Want One ([...])<BR>&quot;The statement is basically, 'I'm your knight in shining armor. I'm here to save you from Linkin Park.&quot; (Rufus Wainwright, referring to the cover of his new album, which features him in King Arthur-style metallics)<BR>The new Wainwright album opens up with what sounds like a thousand Rufus' humming what becomes the vocal melody for the track &quot;Oh What a World.&quot; It is, in fact, Rufus's own voice looped over itself well over a hundred times. how he'll duplicate it in concert, one never can tell. I believe he said something about cloning himself. Which only leaves the problem of where he'll put the full orchestra...<BR>Which is a central theme to Want One. With vocals that alternate from delicate hush to commanding falsetto, all backed up by the biggest orchestra one could expect, Wainwright's new disc is full of the kind of triumphant declaration that is sometimes only found in the best of musicals.<BR>Not to say that the album itself plays out like some campy Broadway production, but it does have sincere star-quality. Rufus sings with the kind of broken-heart honesty that is best conveyed by a solemn piano ballad (see his previous works, the self-titled and Poses albums), yet is preformed with serious attention to instrumentation. The combination works, with unbelievable results. The infectious lead tracks, &quot;Oh What a World&quot; and &quot;I Don't Know What It Is&quot; yank the listener face forward into Rufus' catty and, at long last, sober world. His soon-to-be-well-known addiction to Crystal Meth is a constant undercurrent to the albums tracks, as is his search for true love. This is best seen on tracks like &quot;Go or Go Ahead&quot;, which may very well be the track that finally makes Rufus more than an artist who's chiefly admired by other artists.<BR>One of the albums most stand-out tracks is a song called &quot;11:11&quot;. Debuted nearly two years ago, this is a song that Rufus began writing before September 11th, 2001, and completed afterward. It conveys his feelings while simultaneously avoiding the trappings of &quot;tribute singles&quot; that have been released since. One of the more subtle lines in the track shows off Rufus lyrical talents, which are prevalent throughout all his releases, if not moreso with Want One. Woke up this morning/and something was burning/realised that everything really does happen in Manhattan... Other tracks such as &quot;Vicious<BR>World&quot; lament for what is somewhat a loss of innocence and desire for companionship that Rufus uses as a common theme for the entire album. Overall, the CD leaves the listener satisfied in the sense that yes, there are dark moments, some incredibly undesirable, but perhaps things will be O.K. after all.<BR>With Rufus, there are no over-produced moments that seek to stun the listener into submission. Rufus is lulling you to sleep, he's opening your eyes, he's teaching you a lesson. If Want One doesn't become the Rufus Wainwright album that brings him even more global acclaim, then we are truly citizens of a most Vicious World.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West is truly bringing back the real hip-hop, unlike some of these other rappers. Not only he has dope beats, he's actually talking about something that's worth buying. Kanye has proven that you don't have to be dressed up in ice or fancy cars. He's also proven that you don't have to be a thug to make in this so-called rap game. This is something anyone can relate too. He's really being an inspiration to people like others and me. Also he's reppin his city to the fullest. He brings something new and refreshing to the game and I applause him for. His beats is better than most of these producers that are out there now. Putting out this album will shut up a lot of people. Every cut on here is worth listening too. Anyone who hates on this album don't know what is and mad because there too slow too get what this man is talking about. This album is not worth downloading. GO OUT AND COP THIS!! And to mookie, pookie, bookie, what ever the hell your name is, sit down. You a straight hatter and every song is not bitten off of. I know I don't give anything 5 stars cause I'm a true hip hop fan, unlike some people. You country people be killing me. Ain't nobody sayin noting bout Lil Lon when he bit of in get low, and that's he biggest cut. At least Kanye is not screaming all over the record and he's actually rappin. CHI-TOWN STAND UP AND HATERS GET DOWN OR LAY DOWN!!
B000002KFJ|4.0|First of all - requisite star dropped because of Ozzy's voice, though he does at least as well here as on any of his other stuff.  Note: I saw the &quot;Cross Purposes&quot; lineup do &quot;Symptom Of The Universe&quot; and Tony Martin sang it so well one could easily forget there was an original.<br />Having said that, this album is definitely heavier than most of &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath.&quot;  Tony Iommi has said that &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath wasn't a rock album, really.&quot;  Ozzy spent most of his last few years in Sabbath saying the band were going to get back to first-three-album basics and quit the experimentation, but of course that never happened.  Tony Iommi was firmly in charge (again on production chores here), he wanted to experiment with different sounds, and the band did so.  There's not as much of that &quot;progressive&quot; noodling in evidence here as on &quot;SBS,&quot; except for maybe the end of &quot;Symptom of the Universe&quot; and &quot;The Writ&quot;.<br />&quot;Hole In The Sky&quot; will definitely wake up the neighbours!  Turn the volume up LOUD to hear a brief Iommi tune-up, a faint &quot;1-2-3-4&quot; and then watch your ceiling start to disintegrate.  Vintage, heavy Sabbath, the way it should be!<br />&quot;Don't Start (Too Late)&quot; - Jokey title, apparently inspired by the recording engineer telling Tony not to start playing, but &quot;too late,&quot;  he already had.  Fine, brief Flamenco flavoured interlude.<br />&quot;Symptom Of The Universe&quot; - Excellent Sabbath crunch for about 2/3 of the song.  Diverts into jazzy acoustic noodling at the end that Ozzy hasn't the voice to sing over.<br />&quot;Megalomania&quot; - Possibly Ozzy's finest performance ever, along with the title track of his solo &quot;Diary of a Madman.&quot;  A song about insanity and here Ozzy's monotone whine is perfectly suited to the song.  As always, some good riff and Butler/Ward (this has probably Ward's best drum tone of any Sabbath album, and Geezer's bass has the &quot;thump&quot; it had lost on &quot;SBS&quot;) tempo and key changes.<br />&quot;The Thrill Of It All&quot; - Another heavy one, with some good stop/start riffing.  Almost religious, with Ozzy calling on &quot;Mr Jesus.&quot;<br />&quot;Supertzar&quot; - Probably THE most successful of Tony Iommi's experimentation.  His orchestral sounding guitar backed by the choir and topped off with some melodic Ward percussion sounds almost like soundtrack music.  The band used this as their recorded onstage intro on several tours.<br />&quot;Am I Going Insane (Radio)&quot; - If rumour is to be believed, this was to be the title of an Ozzy solo album.  VERY atypical of Sabbath in that it was an almost blatant attempt at a hit single (as reflected by the title).  Not at all heavy and showcases Ozzy's singsongy voice at its worst.<br />&quot;The Writ&quot; - Angry, heavy song based on the band's legal problems.  Geezer pens caustic lyrics and Ozzy delivers with appropriate vocal venom.  Would have been almost as good as &quot;Megalomania&quot; if not for some aimless noodling at the end.<br />My ancient (1989) cassette has a &quot;hidden&quot; track at the end (you have to turn up loud to hear it), &quot;Blow On The Jug,&quot; apparently an English pub song with Ozzy scatting his way through the vocal with Ward on piano.  Not sure if current issues have this or not.<br />I wonder who played keyboards on this album...the band were using Gerald &quot;Jezz&quot; Woodruffe on tour (hidden from the audience, much like Geoff Nicholls after him) but I've often heard that the recorded keyboards were usually Tony or Geezer.<br />This isn't a bad album overall and quite a bit heavier than &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath.&quot;  Could have/should have been the Ozzy-era lineup's swan song, though there are some worthy bits on &quot;Technical Ecstacy&quot; and &quot;Never Say Die.&quot;
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This was a very creative movie.  Excellent story and cast. Would love to have sex will all the women in this movie.
B00006RAKP|5.0|I was one of the first to see Sir Elton's performance at Caesars Palace.  While the production elements of the show needs a little more work (it's pretty risque and a times, very strange) his vocal performance was incredible!  That's what made me buy this CD. He's definitely in a class all by himself.  The CD proves it.
B00006IUNN|1.0|I love World War II action films, but I can't tell you how much I hated this movie. There's absolutely nothing redeemable about it. From the bottom up, everything about this film is wrong.<br />To use an analogy, this film is like a $500,000.00 home in Malibu built from clapboard, thrown away furniture crates, and discarded soda bottles.<br />I'm not going to go into the specifics, all I'll say is that this film has nothing to do with an accurate portrayal of history, or any reality in this dimension!! <br />The acting stinks, the actions sequences are laugable, and the main characters seem about as real as Bert and Ernie.  The pyrotechnics are so unreal, I half expected that guy from Second City to appear on screen and say, &quot;It blowed up real good!&quot;<br />If I were a Navajo code-talker, or even a relative of one, I would be totally insulted at some of the insinuations that this movie makes.  It's too bad that these brave men couldn't have been honored with a more accurate picture of their heroism.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West, College Dropout is one of the best debuts i have ever heard. He brought something different and new to the rap music with his album and something that the music in general  needed. I think that Kanye is going to be a huge superstar for many years to come and some one whos going to change the game. Its a very very hot album GO GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!<br />ITS THE ROC!!!!!!!
B00018D44U|3.0|It's tough when you win a bus-load of grammies and strangers are anxiously waiting for your next release with the full intention of rating it for its &quot;dance-ability&quot; and pop value.  Just as the seasons change, people change (including artists).  If you want to hear new tracks with remnants of &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; melodies and tempos, then go play the first CD on a continuous loop (knock yourself out!).<br />I don't keep up with Norah news so I don't know much about her... just listen to her music when I'm feeling melancholy.  Perhaps her harshest critics are from the Brittney Aguilera scene; people who can't live without &quot;Baby, baby&quot; said fifty times in each song or a border line soft porn video to accompany lyrics you can't understand cause it's blanketed by synthesized tracks (long sentence!)<br />Perhaps Norah released these songs/this CD on purpose to assert herself in the industry; telling the teenie pop boppers to go away (cause she's already gotten their money from the last album).  If this is the case, then kudos to Norah.  <br />As for the CD, Feels like Home...the recording quality is a bit off (done intentionally?).  Despite what most of you are saying... inviting Dolly Parton to record on the CD wasn't a bad idea because sounded great!  It's ONE SONG for crying out loud and it was a catchy tune.  Perhaps it would've been better on a compilation CD... but will that change the world???  Let Norah worry about her own image... she doesn't need it from you nor I.  <br />I didn't love the CD... it was a good effort and I don't regret buying... there will be a late night or an early Sunday morning when I pop her CD in my car and go driving to anywhere.  Then this CD will be perfect.
B00000D9TK|5.0|This album is splendid!!! Celine Dion truly has the best singer when it comes to french.... even though iam learning french in high school but this album helps me with my french...... Great album! My favorite is Sil Suffisait Daimer ( if only love could be enogh) I would truly recommend this album to anyone even if they dont speak french!!!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Yes, this album is amazing.  But no, it is nothing new.  It's just an example of real hip hop that has finally hit the radio.  If you like this album, check out The Roots, Talib Kweli, Mos Def, Blackalicious, Common, and The Pharcyde.  <br />Kanye has had the opportunity to make a lot of hits with a lot of different artists (which he didn't make into bubblegum pop like The Neptunes).  In my view he is the best producer in the game today, and now he has made a stake to be the best artist as well.  <br />This album is characterized by samples and beats that will blow your mind.  And as we all have heard, Kanye chooses to spit about more than just guns and coming from the streets.  Well this brand of hip hop has been around, it's just that no one really knows about it.  Check out all the fine artists above, and you'll see what I mean.  An album like this is just what the genre needed.
0312263120|5.0|Wow, this was a great book; much like watching an exciting thriller movie.. edge of seat action up to the last page and more importantly, it grabbed my attention and kept me from the first page.
B00004XPP0|4.0|I seriously couldn't care what version is on DVD. If they release the Special Editions (which they ended up doing) awesome. If they release the original versions (which they didn't, dang!) even better. But seriously, why are you complaining. IT IS THE ORIGINAL STAR WARS ON DVD!!!!!! BE HAPPY!!!!! I am overly excited. I've been watching the movies since I was 8 (I am 16 now, and still enjoying my VHS tapes) and I really enjoyed the Special Edition versions and thought they were nice. Some Special Editions or Director's Cuts aren't as nice. Ex: In E.T. 20th Anniversary, when they took away the guns out of the police men's hands and put walkie talkies, THAT WAS THE DUMBEST THING EVER!!!!! That ruined a classic. I am so glad that Spielberg (my second favorite director) put the original version in the DVD set, that way I can pick that one over the new version. Anyway, I am so happy with the Star Wars movies on DVD. Now I don't have to search on eBay for those bootleg DVDs or the original laserdiscs (which I was going to get if I had to wait one more year for a Star Wars Trilogy DVD Set) I only have one complaint about this set: why not have individual second discs for each film like with the Alien Quadrilogy set? Lucasfilm and Fox getting a little cheap with us? Since it will only be 4 discs, the 4th one better have lots of good stuff on it, besides that 2 hour documentary which I am sure will be very nice. Just wait patiently fans, (and to you fanboys who are upset about the Special Editions being the ones on DVD, GET OVER IT!!! You wanted the movies, YOU GOT THEM! Just buy it, have it in your collection! Jeez man! You don't see me complaining!
0064407667|2.0|I started reading this book fully expecting to like it. The back cover was wonderfully grim with it's Poe-ish tone and it's Edward Gorey-like illustrations. However, I found the book to be simply grim with little or no tongue-in-cheek humor. The general tone of the book is so depressing that it just wasn't worth it to me to keep reading. I would not particularly recommend this book, although others obviously favor it.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|We all know how Britney has evloved from girl-next-door pop singer on \\"...Baby One More Time\\" to a mature woman with funkier, club-friendly music, and that's just what this album is. Good music if you want to get up and dance, with only two ballads: \\"Shadow,\\" and \\"Everytime,\\" which from the lyrics, you can tell that Britney has written about Justin. But basically, if you want an upbeat, danceable album, this is a good one.<br />Britney doesn't really display any vocal talent here; her voice is a background behind techno and electrona beats. Britney has really crossed into different territory here, from collaberating with the Ying-Yang twins on \\"I Got That (Boom Boom)\\" to trading lines with Madonna on \\"Me Against the Music.\\" Britney even cowrote either seven or eight of the songs, and after listening to this, you have to admit her songwriting skills aren't that bad. They could use some brushing up, but not bad for someone who wrote none of the songs on her debut album!<br />Some of the lyrics and themes explored on this CD may be inappropriate for those little Britney fans who believe she's still in her \\"Oops\\" days, so watch out, parents! Britney uses some mild language and does talk about sexual themes a little bit, but it's nothing too bad. Just make sure you don't hand this CD over to a five-year-old as a birthday present.<br />Overall, \\"In The Zone,\\" is a solid album that is still a little bit pop, but shows that Britney is not a bubblegum singer anymore. She has done a good job and I look forward to her next album!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Save the left wing politics for \\"Sandinista!\\"! I often try to let this record stand out on its own without the assumption that The Clash only made left wing music for the resolutely socialist. (Even though they did) \\"London Calling\\" is the finest British Rock and Roll record ever created!  The Stones and Beatles should had taken actual lessons on where the roots of Rock and Roll came from by listening to record repeatedly. The respect for Elvis, the homage of rockabilly and The Clash's tribute to Bo Diddley in \\"Hateful\\".  It seemed like The Clash were the only band I ever heard that could pull off a 1950's song and actually make it sound like one. It's a shame though \\"1, 2 Crush on You\\" was left off this record because its late 1950's reference is an unquestionable feat. The overall genius of this album is undeniable.<br />Punk's rebellious mirror image to the 1950's early Rock and Roll scene is evident all thoughout this record.  The out of focus candid photo of Paul Simonon slamming his bass; The Clash's distinguish cover of \\"Revolution Rock\\" in which Strummer states  \\" tell your mama, tell your pa, everything is going to be allright\\". This album screams out calls of Rock and Roll's past with an intelligent appearance from a punk moral. If not musically, The Clash also took a glance at the 1950's culturally. The brilliant expressions of washed up has-been Montgomery Clift and the over inflicted gamblin' junkie Stagger Lee  is rock up genius from a band who doesn't deny the history of pop culture to make thier own art and sense.<br />The Clash's left-wing obligations may had been indisputable but this was their only record where it took a back seat to musical identity. Strummer and Jones partnership could had metaphorically endured the defiance of Elvis Presley and James Dean in thier prime.  Their bloody musicianship and equal alliance shows an aptitude of respect for a generation.  After all, if there was ever an album that bared the title \\"Rebels With A Cause\\".This is it!
B00013AXEE|5.0|I have never read a single Stephen King novel. I am not a writer (nor an aspiring one). I bought this book for my husband, but picked it up one night just to glance through it. I ended up reading the entire book. I laughed and cried through a book that was, I thought, going to be rather like a textbook. Mr. King even made me feel that I should write - just for the appreciation of it - just for myself. I now have utter respect for this incredible author. Anyone who speaks so lovingly of another human being (in this case his wife) and is as gifted in his craft as he is, demands our respect. This was such an inspiring book. Mr. King - I will being reading your novels now. I am ashamed I have not done so yet.
B00008PX8P|5.0|As a true LZ fan for many years, and reading articles going back to the late '70's - Jimmy was always toying with the idea of a live LZ testimate of the band, one to do the band justice which TSRTS does not.<BR>Well - here you have it, in all its digital glory. You can see the transformation of the band from 1970 in the intimate Albert Hall, to the deafening roar of +200,000 at Knebworth Park in 1979. What amazed me the most was when I watched the DVD of the band on stage at Knebworth, on the eve of a new day dawing of the band -and- when critics panned these concerts as over-blown hype by a band of 'over-the-hill hippies', these guys let it hang out and the playing is tight, crisp, edgy, and the sound - OOOFFFAAA!  If you don't have 5.1 GET IT.<BR>Achilles Last Stand, Nobodys Fault, and Whole Lotta Love - PLAY IT LOUD! I'm just surprised that Jimmy left out performances from 1977? LA Forum, San Diego, Cleveland, Oakland, NY MSG - I've listened to them many times, and you know footage was available...I guess we'll never know.<BR>Regardless of the absence of this tour, the retrospective is a must for anyone who ever wanted to see this mightest group, and biggest record seller of thier day was like - LIVE!<BR>If you love R&amp;R, you can't miss this experience.<BR>Don't skip any parts - you won't be doing yourself any favors.<BR>To the young lads never able to see LZ live - watch &amp; learn.<BR>Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, John Paul Jones and John Bonham wrote the txtbook all others will pay homage to.<BR>Now - you get to see what all the hype was about! Covet this DVD as my parents coveted albums of Elvis, and the Beatles.
0440213525|4.0|You have to suspend your disbelief a bit with the main character being 11 years old but outwitting the FBI and the Mob, but hey, it's a book.  I think Reggie Love is one of the best characters John Grisham has created.  I'd love to see her again sometime.  This story doesn't quite measure up to The Firm, but it is still a quick, exciting read that still manages to make you think at the same time.  Who knows if 200 years from now if Grisham would be considered one of the \\"classic\\" writers, but for now he's enjoyable.
1587990717|5.0|Nassim Taleb describes the survivorship bias, which if not carefully allowed for, may mislead a trader into using a flawed investment strategy. This bias is probably well understood by those with some background in statistics, however to those who do not have such a background and who rely, for instance, on 'backtested' trading systems my advice is -  read this book before you stake another dollar in trading!<br />This book could act as a useful reminder even for those trained in statistics for, as Taleb points out, where probability is concerned, our emotionals often get the better of our rationality.<br />Taleb writes in an opinionated style which I would describe as provocative rather than tedious. He uses an underlying theme of  classical references which lends an entertaining art-science balance to the content.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|unbelievable soul, love and warmth, from such a young guy.  mezmerizing vocals, and piano.  unreal.  a must buy for sure
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is the best debut CD by any recording artist in a long time. Kanye puts all of his skills to the test and passes with flying colors. It's rare that you come across a CD that truly moves you the way Kanye's does. Emotionally and spiritually it takes the listener to another level, a level that's been forgotten by most of his peers. The Gospel vibe gives it a unique flavor. This is Hip Hop at its best, the CD you've been waiting for. I encourage everyone to pick up a copy of &quot;College Dropout.&quot; You won't be disappointed.
B0000025D0|5.0|It is hard to put in words how great this album is. How does a legend like Bruce top such a great album as &quot;Born to Run&quot;? By making an album that is perfect. Darkness kicks into gear with the first cut, &quot;Badlands,&quot; a moving and dynamic Springsteen classic. The remarkable cuts keep coming, with such classics as &quot;Candy's Room.&quot; Heck, every cut on this album is a classic. Just talking about it makes me want to pull it out and pop it in the CD player. Come to think of it, see ya.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix, an amazing and unique sci-fi thriller from the Wachowski brothers stunned the world.  It had a unique concept, in addition to remarkable and fresh visual and special efffects.<BR>Now the premise of this film is probably the hardest to explain,<BR>for it surely is intricate and complicated.  The film takes place sometime in the distant future, Reeves plays Thomas Anderson, a man who is searching for an answer to a certain question: What is the matrix?  Laurence Fishburne who is perfectly cast, plays Morpheus, a leader of a bunch of rebels searching for \\"the one.\\"  Carrie-Anne Moss plays Trinity, a part of Morpheus's group and cause.  In this film there are many references to the bible, which you can easily figure from the names of characters.  All in all, confusing as you can tell.<BR>     The Matrix was a sleeper hit of 1999, and soon became a box-office smash and global phenomenan.  The film intruced a fascination effect called Bullet-time, which was later copied in numerous movies, for example Charlie's Angels.  The action in this movie was innovative and inventive, and certainly appealing, from amazing kung-fu fights to intense shootouts.  <BR>Though in comparison to the sequels, the origianly remains the best.  Of course in terms of action, the sequels definetly win especially Reloaded which featured the amazing \\"burly brawl\\" and \\"freeway chase sequence.\\"  Revolutions also featured the amazing battle in Zion, which was groundbreaking in digital animation.   The sequels are a worth addition to the trilogy though and are definetly worth owning too, by the way Revolutions comes out on April 6, 2004.  <BR>    The Matrix is rated R for Sci-fi Violence and Brief Language.  The violence includes a lot of gunplay, including the amazing Lobby shootout sequence.  Some of which is bloody. The Matrix is suitable for kids 14 and up probably, for the violence isn't over the top.  cheoreographed by Yuen Wo Ping, who later did work on Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.The language is mild and not particularly strong.  There is also mild sexual innuendo.  The Matrix, infact as I stated earlier the entire trilogy is worth owning espeically on DVD, if you haven't seen any see one of them today, and obviously start with The Matrix, the one which started it all.   Now available on Video and DVD.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|So what if it sold 2 million? That's pretty high for today's sales of an album. The statistics are not the point of a review. I'm tired of reading reviews that tell me how much she sold. That doesn't matter because a lot of people don't buy her album just because they hate her. <BR>This album is better than her previous albums as a matter of fact. There are, thankfully, no fillers and she has improved her style in every way. Keeping in mind that her vocals are not the best thing, she has tried to make up for it with interesting new beats.<BR>I'm a fan of Britney's and though I'm not saying that she's the best thing in the world neither is the album, I'd like you guys to know that this one is definately worth a try. Do NOT judge the album through the sample songs. <BR>This one is for pure music fans who don't really care who the artist is and also for Britney fans. If you're going to listen to it with the - 'Yeah, B**** Brit's new album...let's listen to it...I'm sure it's gonna be horrible' sort of attitude, You're obviously not going to like it. <BR>She's doing a great job right now and it's all in 'In the Zone' so buy it and try it!
B0000669JL|5.0|Well, i would have to say im not the biggest of Bob Marley fans. But i heard his songs before, and i knew a little about him... my uncle has this cd, so i wanted to get it. I have to say i fell in love with it. Bob marley is a great person, and his songs are so relaxing, He was a good musician. I just only knew 2 songs before i got this cd Stir it up, jammin. I grown to love every song on here..Go buy this..
B000062Y98|4.0|Don't get me wrong. I love Blind Guardian.  Probably my favorite band of all time.  When I picked this up, I gave it a listen through, and then stuck it in my drawer where I put everything that doesn't really impress me immediately.<br />After a few months, I found it again.  I put it back in the Cd Player, and I was shocked that I had originally discarded it.  It sat in my Car Stereo for a few weeks.  Yes, Overall, this is a good Metal album.  WAY more Progressive than any of their previous works.  And I think that's what Originally turned me off. Was that I was expecting the same Speedy Power Metal that I fell in love with.<br />But this sounds so different. The pace is much more Modern Rockish, but with heavy Double Bass.  They still kick it into Top Gear here and there.  But overall, this is the overall slowest BG release I've heard.  But they did it well.  They didn't fall into the Chasm Metallica did when they changed.  There's still massively epic songs.  There's some faster songs.  There's the Acoustic song (on my import there is anyway). And gobs of guitar work. I like it more and more everytime I hear it.<br />But there's some flaws I would say.  At times, there's just too many instruments playing at the same time.  And there's just not enough sonic landscape for them all to fit into.  Also, there's a new type of sound that's shown its face on NIGHTFALL IN MIDDLE EARTH.  Its a sort of really staccato, palm-muted guitar sound. You can hear it in CURSE OF FEANOR. And I immediately recognized it when PRECIOUS JERUSELM started. Its all throughout NIGHT AT THE OPERA, opposed to where it was only hinted at on NIGHTFALL.<br />I like this album, but it doesn't have the same feeling as most other BG albums.  My favorites are BATTLEFIELD, SOULFORGED, and AND THEN THERE WAS SILENCE.  Not the masterpieces that NIGHTFALL and IMAGINATIONS were, but its better than FOLLOW THE BLIND and TALES FROM THE TWILIGHT WORLD.
B000067J24|4.0|I thought the movie was great! It made me feel good watching it. The whole vibe was so soothing and the music was superb. Penelope Cruz did a good job for it being her first english spoken movie. Her husband is hot as hell, and you could tell that they were meant to be from the beginning. It really capitalized on the essence of love. Great chic flick, sends a good message to woman. Despite her decisoin with men, she realized that her husband was her true love in the end. I now want to move to Brazil!!!!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|SHE ROX IN THIS ALBUM, FOR ONCE IT ALL ISN'T JUST BUBLE GUM POP.  SHE HAS THROWN IN HIP-HOP, RAB, AND A BUNCH OF HER OWN STUFF ALSO!<BR>THIS ALBUM ROX!
B00003CXFG|4.0|This is the first movie that actually made me like Vin Diesel.  It is more of a character study with some alien horror thrown in.<br />The main focus of the story is the Triangle between Riddick (Vin Diesel), Fry (Radha Mitchell) and Johns (Cole Hauser).  After a frightening crash landing on a deserted planet, Navigator Fry is torn by guilt of almost sacrificing the passengers to save herself.  It is a weakness that both ex-con Riddick and cop Johns can smell.  Both of them are drawn to her guilt mixed with a shaky authority over the rest of the survivors.  It is an authority they both wish to take from her.<br />It was great seeing a film with a complex female character.  Mitchell does a great job with a role that could have just been eye candy.  <br />At first, Fry feels safe with Johns because he leads her to believe that he can protect her from the violent Riddick.  Hauser is good as the manipulative Johns who is trying to figure out a way to replace Fry as the leader.  Her admission about the crash specifics gives him his answer.  While Johns is repelled by Fry's story, Riddick (who was spying on the couple) is intrigued and aroused by it.  After being caught (rather intentionally not by accident) Riddick seeks out Fry whenever possible.  Diesel is fantastic as Riddick.  You can actually see him struggle during his conversations with Mitchell.  His character has probably never had romantic feelings towards any woman and his attraction to her fascinates him.  Of course Johns has secrets of his own and Riddick's desire to get close to Fry is not a good thing.  It was an interesting twist that the supposed good guy Johns is the one who attacks Fry and it is Riddick who repeatedly protects her. When the aliens appear, Fry takes a chance on Riddick's help.  It is this act that allows Riddick to change and allow himself to care for someone else.<br />Fry's eventual demise is very disturbing and disappointing. And also, no, Riddick did not sacrifice her to save himself.  Listen to their conversation before they save the rest of the group.  Riddick is upset that she put herself in danger to save him.  <br />There is a sequel coming up and it looks like a big effects driven extravaganza.  Also it is focused solely on Diesel which is great but I was hoping that they would find a way to bring back Radha Mitchell's wonderful Fry.  Afterall she was the one who saved him and gave him back his dignity.<br />The rest of the cast is great and the aliens are not that corny.  It is a rather nice Sci-Fi movie.
B00006CXXU|5.0|GREAT ALBUM FROM CHRISTINA AGUILERA!  SHE REALLY HAS GROWN INTO A FINE TALENTED YOUNG WOMAN, AND YOU CAN TELL IN THIS ALBUM!<BR>KEY TRACKS~<BR>BEAUTIFUL<BR>DIRRTY<BR>CAN'T HOLD US DOWN (FT. LIL KIM)<BR>FIGHTER<BR>CRUZ<BR>THE VOICE WITHIN
B00009L1TA|4.0|The hell of this entertaining movie is that one likes it despite the fact that it is centered around such a preposterous plot that one finds the denouement at the end so unbelievable as to wonder if one had confused a \\"caper\\" movie\\" like \\"The Heist\\" for a gritty melodrama in which soldiers and others are butchered, murdered, shot point blank, etc. as are some of the protagonists in this strange tribute to Travolta's sheer star power and screen magnetism. Yet it does work, much along the lines of other preposterous action plots Travolta has been involved with, such as \\"Broken Arrow\\" or even \\"Phenomenon\\". And as with both of these other previous outings, the intrepid John-Boy surrounds himself with an excellent supporting cast, which helps to frame the action and spin the yarn along toward its unlikely and unexpected conclusion.<br />Thus, Samuel L. Jackson plays the central figure in the unfolding drama, an unforgiving, unapproachable, and somewhat sadistic Drill instructor who takes the trainees out on a dangerous exercise in which all but two wind up dead. The two left are somehow involved in all that has transpired out in the jungle, and Travolta is called in to help sort it out for an old friend (Timothy Daly), who is now the Base Commander. With the aid of the scrumptious Connie Neilson, the chase for the truth is on. Yet while the viewer is taken on a whirlwind cascade of facts so contrived, confusing, and calculated that one wonders if there is a manufactured maelstrom machine operating here. It is, as they say, an enigma wrapped in a mystery and confounded by a riddle. When one discovers just what is really going on, one realizes he or she has been suckered by the screenplay and the actors, and that according to the director's depiction, nothing is really what it seems to be. It is a neat way to spend a diverting hour or so watching Travolta do his star thing, but nothing anyone could possibly mistake for reality-based drama. Pass the popcorn, and enjoy!
B0000DD7LC|5.0|ALICIA KEYS IS DEFINATLY THE MOST GIFTED SINGER OUT THERE.<BR>THIS ALBUM REALLY SHOWS IT!<BR>KEY TRAX~<BR>YOU DON'T KNOW MY NAME<BR>HEART BURN<BR>KARMA<BR>IF I AIN'T GOT U<BR>DRAGON DAYS<BR>WAKE UP
B00008BRDX|3.0|Any Police album should be bought but while this album has some of the best Police songs ever recorded, such as &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;, &quot;Regatta de Blanc&quot; and &quot;Walking on the Moon&quot; it also has some of the worst, &quot;On Any Other Day&quot;, &quot;Contact&quot; and &quot;No Time This Time&quot;.  Unfortunately Sting ran out of songs and had to rely on Stewart Copeland for some fillers and while they are at times funny, the songs are really b-side type material.  Get any other Police album first and then get this one last.
B00007AJF9|5.0|As long as you don't rely on this to pass your English History exam, you will really enjoy this exquisite costume drama about the early reign of Elizabeth I.  Beautiful, Oscar nomintaed Cate Blanchett is magnificent as the &quot;Virgin Queen&quot; and even Fiennes can be forgiven for resurrecting his &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; persona.  The art direction, score, locations and supporting cast are all stellar, although one wonders what they must have paid Sir John Geilgud to be propped up for a handful of lines as the English-accented Pope--an uncalled for bit of stunt casting.  &quot;Bloody&quot; Mary Tudor, as played by Kathy Burke, deserves a biopic all her own!  Long live the Queen...
B000005RYQ|5.0|If you are looking for the best collection of Police songs on one CD this is it.  It has all the classics plus a few minor hits that aren't on many of the other collections like &quot;So Lonely&quot;, &quot;Synchronicity II&quot; and &quot;Bed's Too Big Without You&quot;.  Buy this CD first if you are curious about this great band and then go get the other CD's.
B000002HPV|5.0|Take a close look at the cover of Bjork's &quot;Homogenic.&quot; Go on, do it. What you'll notice are outrageous alien-like hair buns, long silver finger nails, an elongated neck, slit-like eyes, tight skin, microscopic lips and an oversized kimono wrapped around the genius. It's almost scary in a wonderful way, representing a cold and distant Bjork at the time of the album's release. Bjork has created totally new genres of music that were unheard of until she hit the block big time back in 1993 with her debut album &quot;Debut.&quot; This concept was taken further with 1995's &quot;Post&quot; as the acclaim and praise continued to overwhelm her. However, Bjork's shining creativity and musical genius cannot be seen better in any of her records more so than in Homogenic.<br />Released in 1997, Homogenic was Bjork's third studio album and saw the artist in a tumultuous state of mind. She was angry at certain people in her life, and this is reflected in the harsh and primal nature of this album. Homogenic is the kind of album that you will not like straight away, but need to give a few listens before you can truly appreciate it. The same can be said for probably most of Bjork's music, but you don't get as much satisfaction after persisting with them than you do in Homogenic.<br />&quot;Hunter&quot; opens the album in magnificent style. With supersonic beats sliding all over the arrangement and gentle sighing, it's clear from the first few seconds that this is a manic and eccentric song. The paranoid drums and aching violins work in excellent contrast with Bjork's soft vocals. She begins by singing, &quot;If travel is searching, and home what's been found. I'm not stopping, I'm going hunting. I'm the hunter. I'll bring back the goods, but I don't know when.&quot; She sounds here like a wild animal, searching for food in the middle of the night. The lyrics here are so primal and out of control it's unreal. &quot;Joga&quot; manages to succeed in being one of Bjork's greatest ever songs. An old Russian violin opens the song in a depressing tone, before Bjork starts singing. The verses and choruses rise and fall to the actual sounds of Iceland's volcanoes, which Bjork recorded especially for this album. It's amazing - you get all this fresh and natural music on one song, instead of manufactured garbage. As the fourth minute approaches, Bjork starts wailing as her voice echoes before singing, &quot;Emergency...Is where I want to be.&quot; Then she starts giggling, as if in awe of the masterpiece she's just created. Genius.<br />&quot;Unravel&quot; is one of the most heartbreaking songs of Bjork's career and a definite album highlight here. She sings a song of lost love, &quot;While you are away my heart comes undone. Slowly unravels in a ball of yarn. The Devil collects it with a grin. Our love in a ball of yarn. He'll never return it. So when you come back we will have to make new love.&quot; Bjork's voice is so packed with emotion and this leads perfectly into the album's true masterpiece, &quot;Bachelorette.&quot; This is easily the finest song that Bjork has ever had the pleasure to record. Beginning off with a simple violin, it spirals down and the song begins with a grand piano playing in the song. The majestic beats work so well with Bjork's euphoric voice and the strings that come in after two minutes are just complete genius overload. &quot;All Neon Like&quot; has a strong thumping beat like a heartbeat all the way through. The lyrics are amazing, and the way Bjork totally evolves human art into music can be seen here.<br />&quot;5 Years&quot; has an interesting beginning with a synthesizer, before beats that sound like stomping feet gradually come to the forefront. Bjork's voice is brilliantly careless and she seems a little angry and vengeful. &quot;Immature&quot; seems to be a little bit of relief from the last two tracks which are completely alien and strange. The song starts off with Bjork humming to her own tune, beforeshe scolds herself for being so immature. She questions her actions and offers her most simplistic answer, &quot;How extremely lazy of me!&quot; &quot;Alarm Call&quot; is one of the more mainstream tracks on the album. It works well with the rest of the songs, however. The beat on this song is just pure joy as Bjork sings about how she wants to go on a mountain-top with a radio and good batteries and play a joyous tune. Then there's the harsh realism when she sings, &quot;I'm no f**king Buddhist, but this is enlightenment!&quot;<br />&quot;Pluto&quot; is the song that follows and is definitely the most challenging song Bjork has ever recorded. This song has so much energy that it could finish you off for good - the racing beat and grating rhythm is forced into Bjork's angry vocals as she sings, &quot;Excuse me but I just have to explode. Explode this body off me.&quot; She then starts screaming at the top of her voice around the second minute, grunting, groaning, wailing, shrieking and crying her way through her torture and pain. It's unlike anything I've ever heard, and you know what? I like it. This works as a complete juxtaposition with the album's final track, &quot;All Is Full Of Love.&quot; It finally starts after 30 seconds with some swirling strings. Bjork's voice goes from left to right on this song, and her lyrics are so emotional it will bring a tear to anyone's eyes.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />Homogenic is my favourite Bjork album because of the way she presents herself on this album. She just opens herself up and isn't afraid to experiment. There are only 10 songs on this album, but Bjork likes to keep things short and sweet and in this case it most definitely works. If you own Bjork's first two albums but not this one and are planning on buying it, be prepared for a shock! This is Bjork's most inaccessible album of her career. It's hard, frigid and primal on the outside, but if you can break the shell, on the inside you'll find your place at home with the warmth and emotion that Bjork conveys in every single song here.she scolds herself for being so immature. She questions her actions and offers her most simplistic answer, &quot;How extremely lazy of me!&quot; &quot;Alarm Call&quot; is one of the more mainstream tracks on the album. It works well with the rest of the songs, however. The beat on this song is just pure joy as Bjork sings about how she wants to go on a mountain-top with a radio and good batteries and play a joyous tune. Then there's the harsh realism when she sings, &quot;I'm no f**king Buddhist, but this is enlightenment!&quot;<br />&quot;Pluto&quot; is the song that follows and is definitely the most challenging song Bjork has ever recorded. This song has so much energy that it could finish you off for good - the racing beat and grating rhythm is forced into Bjork's angry vocals as she sings, &quot;Excuse me but I just have to explode. Explode this body off me.&quot; She then starts screaming at the top of her voice around the second minute, grunting, groaning, wailing, shrieking and crying her way through her torture and pain. It's unlike anything I've ever heard, and you know what? I like it. This works as a complete juxtaposition with the album's final track, &quot;All Is Full Of Love.&quot; It finally starts after 30 seconds with some swirling strings. Bjork's voice goes from left to right on this song, and her lyrics are so emotional it will bring a tear to anyone's eyes.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />Homogenic is my favourite Bjork album because of the way she presents herself on this album. She just opens herself up and isn't afraid to experiment. There are only 10 songs on this album, but Bjork likes to keep things short and sweet and in this case it most definitely works. If you own Bjork's first two albums but not this one and are planning on buying it, be prepared for a shock! This is Bjork's most inaccessible album of her career. It's hard, frigid and primal on the outside, but if you can break the shell, on the inside you'll find your place at home with the warmth and emotion that Bjork conveys in every single song here.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|I am an avid Gilmore Girls fan! I absolutely love the show, mostly because it reminds me so much of my own life. My mom was only 17 when she had me, so I have a lot in common with Rory, and my mother and I have a very similar relationship. My mom and I love watching the show together, but she didn't start watching it with me until almost the end of the 3rd season, so now we will be able to watch it together from the start. I even got to go to the Warner Brothers studios and I got a tour of the whole set and I got to watch Lauren Grahm, Alexis Bidel and Scott Patterson film a scene in the infamous diner!!! Then I got to meet them, it was one of the best days of my life!!!
B00005YUPO|5.0|The images and music here are great for 1-6 months. I suspect that, beyond that age range, it won't likely hold our child's attention for as long. Baby Mozart is a bit peppier and diverse, and Baby Neptune and Baby Van Gogh have more depth and breadth. Still, Baby Bach is where we started, and a good way to start the series. But if your child is already into some of the others, I don't recommend going back to this one.
B00000K19E|5.0|...is the exceptional sound design. Understandibly, everyone is captivated by the visual effects and the conceptual genius of this movie, but The Matrix has one of the finest sound designs I have ever experienced in a film. I'm not just talking about the high quality of the sound, I'm talking more about the sheer artistry of the design itself. Instead of constantly overwhealming the viewer/listener with sheer quantity of sounds and loudness, the designers have created a highly refined, artistic soundscape that becomes a character in the film. They pick and choose the important sonic elements we need to hear in order to completely involve us moment-by-moment. The sonic perspective changes constantly. We jump back and forth into the viewpoint of different characters--whichever perspective best emotionally supports the story. We go from an in-your face flurry of bullets and crashes and whooshes and explosions to, within the same scene, a sudden shift to hearing just the sound of one gun's casings dropping on the floor from the point of view of one character. The effect is brilliant.  The film is mixed very well--with a wonderfully dimensional soundstage, great dynamics, clean and clear dialogue and fantastic panning effects. I love the moments when we \\"break through\\" various video display devices to enter a scene--the sonic detail and 3D effects are wonderful. I also enjoy the imaginative solutions that answer the question of what something not yet invented might sound like. It is obvious a lot of care, thought and artistry went into the sound design, and that a rare synergy of all creative elements was achieved. Sound effects work hand in hand with visuals, dialogue and music to create a totally emmersive experience--a sign that the directors considered sound an important part of the process from the very beginning.
0385504209|2.0|Give me a break! I was lead to believe this was something special, it's not. Poorly written,poorly (biased) research that<br />will lead all the gullibles to the band wagon.<br />  The characters, the plot, the very idea are laughable. Look<br />elsewhere for the truth.
0671027344|4.0|All I can say is that book depicts being a teenager with every word on every page.  Almost everyone has been in these situations and if someone hasn't, they haven't been a teenager yet.
B00006ZXST|5.0|Baz Luhrman has proven himself to be a visionary director, and he proves this once again, and most emphatically with &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot;. This film is visually stunning from beginning to end, his flashy sets and high-speed cuts really keeping the eye busy, never letting us rest for the entire length of the movie. His surreal views of turn-of-the-century Paris are breathtaking, and many of the oddball quirks he throws into the film are wildly entertaining. <br />&quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is about the famous Parisian nightclub/brothel, where the CanCan was made famous. A young writer comes to Paris looking to be a part of the Bohemian revolution, and finds himself writing a play for the Moulin Rouge, and in the meantime, falling for their most famous hooker, played incredibly by Nicole Kidman. The plit of the film kind of has a &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; feel, as the play he is writing is reenacting the events taking place between him and his love, and vice versa. <br />The acting here is amazing, led by Kidman and Ewan McGregor. They both prove they can act, and surprisingly, sing. I was amazed at how good both of them were on the songs, and neither of them shied away from the difficult notes and tones, always plunging headlong into the song with great success. The entire secondary cast is also top-notch, especially the actor who plays The Duke. <br />As far as the music goes, this film truly breathed new life into the musical genre. For those who are into comparisons, &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is a better movie than &quot;Chicago&quot;, and the music easily destroys the competition. The songs here are very modern, ranging from Madonna to U2, the Beatles to Elton John, and Whitney Houston to Nirvana. Yes, that's right, Nirvana. When I first heard that &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; would be a part of a musical, I was appaled, but upon seeing the film, I was impressed at how sonic it sounded being sung by hundreds of actors at the same time. All of the songs here are great, and integral to the plot. There are none you need to fast forward through, as with most musicals. The high point is &quot;Your Song&quot;, the Elton John classic, sung by Ewan McGregor. <br />This is a great movie, even for those who have never been fans of musicals. Aside from the singing and dancing, this is a beautiful love story about two star-crossed lovers in the most romantic city in the world. The costumes, set design, casting, cinematography, writing, acting and directing are all great in this movie, and its success has ressurected a style of movie that was long considered dead.
B00005JMCW|4.0|Disney Studios have created an entertaining film with \\"Freaky Friday\\".  The concept of a mother and daughter changing bodies is fertile ground for all sorts of amusing situations and Jamie Lee Curtis hits all the right notes as the mother.  The beginning of the movie sets the stage as mother and daughter seems to disagree on clothes, curfews, boyfriends, and just about any other subject which comes up.  Curtis is a psychotherapist and when she tries her techniques on her daughter, it just makes the daughter angrier.  Curtis is a widow and her upcoming marriage is another source of annoyance to her daughter.  When mother and daughter are forced into situations which are totally out of their comfort zone (a rock concert for mom and a t.v. interview for the daughter) the movie becomes very funny.  This movie is good for a lot of laughs.
B000063DFW|5.0|I love Linkin Park's music a lot. The best songs on this album are Runaway, One step closer, and In the end.  The music is Hard Rock and sometimes rap but I don't like it when they rap because it's usually bad. This album i've had for awhile and i'm still not bored with it. A great buy for any rock lover anywhere. The import also contains two other songs and a few other good remixes.
0385504209|4.0|This book has packaged esoterica that has been available for years into a form that the masses will swallow; fiction. Nevertheless, nearly all of the secret societies, artwork, and history are accurately described. If you want to read a very good historical take on all of this, I would suggest:<br />The Templar Revelation, by Pickett and Prince<br />Another book, Holy Blood, Holy Grail covers the same topics, but The Templar Revelation contains newer research on the subject and corrects many inaccuracies in Holy Blood, Holy Grail. In addition, Holy Blood, Holy Grail is an incredibly dry book.<br />People are attacking the DaVinci Code for its few historical inaccuracies, but unfortunately, there has been strong historical evidence to support a different take on christianity for years. The next time someone says, \\"The DaVinci Code gets the date of the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls wrong!\\" be armed with the true history from The Templar Revelation to cut their argument to pieces. Which shouldn't be hard, because most christians aren't big on doing historical research ;)
B0000AXE8I|3.0|I tohught this movie was mediocore becuase first of all they made Neo too good. Why would he fight Smith if he can just fly away. Also doging bullets is stupid when you can now just stop them. The chase scene on the highway was cool but it would've been cool to see the twins in the next one. I liked Seraph but he wasn't in it that much. The love scenes between Neo and Trintiy were also stupid and they didn't expand on them enough. This movie was pretty bad and I would not buy it. Rent it if you want to see it.
0064471837|1.0|I thought this book looked promising, but I couldn't get past the first two chapters without feeling like I was missing too much of the plot.  It was very hard to understand all the magical things.  I am an adult that reads a lot of this genre, and believe me, Nix could have made it a LOT clearer.  Very disappointing.
B00008H2LB|1.0|So let's face it. Corporate radio rock these days is going down the tubes with few exceptions. This band is pretty much one of the leaders of the &quot;canned music revolution&quot;. My friend told me about this band and I had heard one of their songs before and thought it was pretty good, so I bought Meteora with high hopes. When i got to about song 3, the horror of my realization dawned upon me. This stuff is pure, manufactured crap!! I busted out my guitar and looked at some tabs and their songs are like 3 notes, at best. The vocals...oh man. Constant screaming about how the lead singer's relationships suck. Every single song. Oh yeah, and I listened to hybrid theory and found that a lot of meteora is a carbon copy of their first album...just listen and you'll probably notice.<br />Please everyone. Save your money unless you really do enjoy this crap.
B00005JLXE|2.0|Daredevil came out at a time when all the recent comic book movies had been decently good - X-men and Spiderman were both somewhat new, and it had been a long time since Batman & Robin.  Alas, this movie falls far short of most other Marvel films.<br />Parts of this movie will just have you scratching your head.  For example, shortly after Matt (Affleck) and Elektra (Garner) meet, they somehow start fighting.  Why?  As Matt says, \\"Does every guy have to go through all this just to find out your name?\\"  The dialogue is poor, the story lame, the plot devices almost unbelievably cheesey, and the fight scenes ridiculous.  <br />That said, Colin Farrell is one of the best and baddest villains ever as the maniacal Bullseye.  Farrell steals almost every scene he's in by portraying a fascinating balance of fear, awe, and laughs.  The movie is *almost* worth seeing just for the sheer genius he infused in his part.  <br />Oh, one other thing - Jennifer Garner really needs to put some clothes on in this film.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of comic book romance.  But she reveals so much physically and has so little depth as a a character that it's distracting, almost to the point where it feels like she's being prostituted for the sake of making guys watch the film.  To be effective, she should have been more more than just a sex object.  <br />Anyway, see Daredevil if you love comic book movies, or are in the mood to see a really awesome bad guy.  Otherwise, don't waste your time.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|This album is all awful!!!!! Britney Spears can't sing.<BR>Christina's Stripped is better!
B0001AP12G|5.0|What can i say except, WOW. I am an avid MUSIC lover and this is REAL music. You really cant put this album in the hip hop category because this is a mix of soul, hip hip, poetry, r&amp;b, rock, etc. This man has seriously just started a new music generation. Andre 3000 gave us a taste of this new generation of music but Kanya West has mastered it without a doubt.<BR>Kanye West's beat sampling is simply amazing. I Love EVERY single song on the CID. I Would recommend any type of music fan to buy this album and simply let it play over and over again and once you get past some of the long talking over beat samplings, once you do that you will simply be amazed!
B00005A46T|1.0|I loved the first SLIPKNOT cd when it came out. New Fresh sound, very hard/anrgy album. Good to listen to when you're pissed off.<BR>Bein original that's what makes a band stand out.<BR>From metal they changed to DEATH METAL, not something to many people will like or buy. A lot of death metal bands sound the same. Hopefully the 3rd cd when it comes out won't sucks as much as this one.
B00005JKJA|1.0|So, according to a horde of reviewers, Lynch has \\"cleverly\\" created a film where the plot, characters, and setting are completely re-jumbled every fifteen minutes for no purpose at all. In all its intriguing glory, it's supposed to make you think and piece together the underlying jigsaw. Baloney.<br />The first two-thirds of Lynch's film is borderline normal and seems to make some sense -- it even puts you in an anticipatory mode as you wish you understand what happened. But the final third of the film seems to provide contradictory evidence which throws earlier perceptions into question. In a rather bizarre fashion.<br />Apparently, the reason for this break in the film is that the first part of the film was intended to be part of a television series that did not sell. Lynch then filmed the additional footage which formed part of the conclusion, and spliced it all together as a complete film. This explains why the lesbian and masturbation sex scenes are near the end of the film, that wouldn't have been allowed on network television.<br />From the perspective of a viewer (such as myself) who doesn't know this background, it doesn't really matter that the film started out as a television series pilot and ended up as a movie. It is not a cobbled-together mess as it seems to be, so claim other reviewers, but a masterpiece, and it makes perfect sense to them. The implication is that if it doesn't make sense to you, then you must be an idiot. These sorts of arguments are pretty common in film criticisms.<br />The scattershot narrative offers evidence supporting several possible interpretations for the plot, including nightmares, delusions, drug-induced hallucinations, near-death hallucinations (as in \\"Jacob's Ladder\\"), some sort of shared delusion, a film within a film, or a play within a film, among others. Since this all takes place in Hollywood, it makes the story even more surrealistic. It is very telling that the most realistic scene in the entire film is a film audition featuring two actors in front of a small audience of movie executives in a conference room.<br />Some viewers may find all these goings-on intriguing. I found the film to stutter under the weight of its utterly non-believable dialogue, an  exasperated lack of pace (please, don't tell me it was on purpose), gratuitious and rather long softcore Lesbian sex scenes which amount to very little at the end really, awful high-school drama type acting, laughable characters, and a never-ending cavalcade of confusion, confusion, confusion (get sober, Lynch!).<br />What lends this emotionless deluge of unrelated scenes some level of bearability is the stunning Naomi Watts, and an occasional dose of good music. Which is not really saying all that much.ition featuring two actors in front of a small audience of movie executives in a conference room.<br />Some viewers may find all these goings-on intriguing. I found the film to stutter under the weight of its utterly non-believable dialogue, an  exasperated lack of pace (please, don't tell me it was on purpose), gratuitious and rather long softcore Lesbian sex scenes which amount to very little at the end really, awful high-school drama type acting, laughable characters, and a never-ending cavalcade of confusion, confusion, confusion (get sober, Lynch!).<br />What lends this emotionless deluge of unrelated scenes some level of bearability is the stunning Naomi Watts, and an occasional dose of good music. Which is not really saying all that much.
B000009CEM|5.0|This cd blows away demanufacture and the first garbage they came out with called &quot;soul of the new machine&quot;. The only reason DIGIMORTAL didn't do that good cause they tried to go back to the same DEMANUFACTURE style.Demanufare was a failer had 3 good tracks including Zero Signal, NEW BREEED and so on.<BR>FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO LOVE HARD METAL THIS cd IS A MUST HAVE.
0385510438|3.0|It's a relief to see Grisham going back to legal nailbiters instead of mundane novellas like Bleachers.<br />Yet, his latest (somewhat annoyingly only available in hardcover!) is more than a thriller. It has a good dose of humor and some pithy social commentary on racism and its aftermath in 1970s Mississippi -- the town of Clayton where the novel is set clearly has larger woes to worry about that the rape + murder of our young protagonist.<br />Yet, for this precise reason, The Last Juror is not a very tight novel. I could weed out page after page of racially inclined banter that lends very little to the overall plot. In fact the title &quot;The Last Juror&quot; -- which refers to the first black juror in the Ford County -- is a little misleading as she remains relatively cursory to the plot. You'll recall from an earlier Grisham called &quot;The Juror&quot; that the title referred to the juror in question, who was the lynchpin of the plot.<br />Here though, I found myself skimming pages, skipping entire chapters etc and comfortably finishing the novel anyway without missing out on any pivotal fact. I wonder if this filler text was Grisham's way of pandering to the town that launched his career (he began as a Mississippi lawyer) or to make up for the very little space this novel would have otherwise occupied...<br />All in all, it's a worthy read, and the writing is fluent and enjoyable as usual, but you've seen more gripping fiction from the ilk of Grisham.
B000002LRX|5.0|I have to say.. i only recently got into Faith No More recently and started with &quot;the real thing&quot; but after listening to all their albums i have to say this is their best by far..implementing all the best bits from their previous albums and improving considerably this is a must have album for any faith no more fan..or any fan or music in general. From the start of the album and the land of sunshine to the laid back finish of easy..this is bliss to listen to, you must buy this album! Now!
B0000VAFO0|3.0|I am a sucker for vampire movies.  Ever since we &quot;learned&quot; that vampires aren't the slow, lurching beasties of Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee films, it's been a film genre that guarantees some good eye-candy.  So I watch all the vampire movies I can find, and even go so far as to buy a few here and there.<br />Also, I am a huge dork, and am not afraid to admit it.  I watch movies with flawed premises, shrink-wrapped babes, and extremely expensive cars/guns/computers.<br />So, on the dork front, this movie's a winner.  Kate Beckinsale is a hot shrink-wrapped vampire chick who drives an expensive car, carries some exotic weaponry and for no good reason has some high-quality survailance equipment.  There are swords for no good reason, and dark, moodily-lit sets.  Very cool.<br />With all that coolness going on, the movie didn't really need a plot, or any depth, or even much action.  The actors weren't terrible; they just weren't given much to work with.  The plot seemed to involve an attempt to justify the existence of vampires and werewolves based on not dying of Black Death, and finding someone with the exact same blood as that one lucky fellow -- who, luckily, has a very similar name.  It also involves a &quot;Death Dealer&quot; (possibly the lamest pseudo-badass job title ever imagined) who decides that the guy she's supposed to kill isn't all that bad after all, and she'd really rather kill vampires anyway.  Said decision is made for virtually no reason at all.  <br />I do give the film credit for dovetailing the flashbacks and recollections to piece together the backstory in a reasonable way.  The pacing of that series of revelations is a little off, but there's not much story to tell, so you really can't expect a smooth ride.  Unfortunately, the &quot;twists&quot; were painfully easy to predict, so the editing and directing of those scenes gets a bit overlooked, even though it's quite good.<br />So, there are problems with the way the movie works.  Fine.  I don't care, so long as it looks nice.  And &quot;Underworld&quot; looks very nice most of the time.  Cool stunts, neat effects, decent sets, solid (though cliche) costuming, and all the guns you could ever want.<br />But don't get me started on the guy with the whips.<br />List of things I'm tired of, that appeared in &quot;Underworld.&quot;<BR>1) Young, hip, good-looking doctors with long hair and five-o'clock-shadow.<BR>2) &quot;Oops!  I didn't notice my head had been cut off!&quot;<BR>3) Rain.<BR>4) Vampires being huge, whimpering wusses.<BR>5) Wondering exactly how many rounds were in that magazine, anyway.<br />Buy it if you're like me, and into things that look neat.  But if you're even more A-R than I am, steer clear, 'cause there are enough flaws here to keep you grinding your teeth for a month.
B000005KQT|5.0|...don't forget the singing - little walter is one of the greatest singers ever.  and also the unique, immediately recognizable band concept, with a two-guitar sound that is a world unto itself, clearly distinct from the muddy/jimmy and wolf/hubert two-guitar deals.  but really; come for the singing too - it is otherworldly sweet.
B000002URV|1.0|(Let me start by saying I mean no offense to Enigma fans. This band was, after all, recommended to me by one of my best former friends.)<br />Enigma is about as enigmatic (and substantial) as a cologne commercial. This album is Goth-tech, McProfound sh** from start to finish. A CD's worth of digi-beat danceteria mega-mix, all schtickily packaged in Gregorian chants, 'gothic' choral pieces, Casio-keyed New Age harmonic vibrations, and the like. In other words disco (Oh, I'm sorry--I mean Electronica!!) wrapped tight in layers of sampled, 'profound' sonic iconography. Enigma seemingly believes (or hopes) that this formula adds up to genuine 'substance'. (It is hard to describe Enigma's music, without a string of apostrophe encased adjectives--the band is psuedo itself.) Uhm, not quite. Image isn't artistry.  MCMXC A.D. (OOh!! 1990 in ROMAN NUMERALS! Roman numerals like on cathedrals!! Gothic! Deep!!) isn't music it's marketing. <br />Cheers,<br />Robert
B00018D44U|4.0|Very good but not as wonderful as her first CD.  I didn't care much for the country feel of some of the songs but overall I enjoyed it and recommend it.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|After the very critically accalaimed album 'Songs In a Minor', which picked up hundreds of gongs and awards, Alicia Keys has made her anticipated return, with her second studio album entitled 'The Diary Of Alicia Keys'. With her unique blend of beautiful vocals, classical piano beats and quirky rhythms, can this soul diva pull off another classic, or will 'The Diary Of...' dissapoint millions of fans worldwide? Lets take a look...<br />The first single to be taken from the disc, 'You Don't Know My Name' was regarded somewhat of a dissapointment, despite dreamy lyrics and a cracking piano beat, it certainly had no chance of reaching the success heights of the amazing ballad 'Fallin'. But with this album, Alicia has overcame all the odds and produced a another classic collection of hits. Indeed, 'The Diary Of...' is another masterpiece, which hooks you straight away with the jazzy opening 'Harlems Nocturne', and flows along smoothly to slinky climax 'Nobody Not Really'.<br />Highlights include emotional piano ballad 'If I Ain't Got You', with beautiful lyrics and a belting chorus. 'Heartburn' is an exciting adrenaline burst with the real diva coming out of Alicia, and 'When You Really Love Someone' almost comes close to repeating the genious of 'Fallin'. 'So Simple' is aided by some cool techno sound effects which make this another standout, and 'Diary', feauturing Tony! Toni! Tone! gets down, dirty and downright more personal than the rest of the album. Other tracks that also impress include 'Dragon Days' and 'Karma', if only to name a couple. The latin groove of 'Samsonite Man' is also superb.<br />Regarding the rest of the album, tracks along the lines of 'If I Was Your Woman', 'Wake Up', and 'Slow Down' are still by no means bad, but pale in comparison to the classics mentioned above.<br />Overall, this is an absolutely superb collection of mellow R&B tracks, with a touch of soul in places. Alicia really has worked tremendously hard to outdo her already incredibledebut album, and has definately succeeded. The perfect soundtrack to one of those quiet, relaxing weekends, 'The Diary Of Alicia Keys' comes highly recommended.
B00018D44U|4.0|After a debut like &quot;Come Away with Me,&quot;  there is the risk that the second attempt may not come up to the standard of the first.  No problem here.  Ms. Jones continues to show a distinctive voice, phrasing and sublty that you would expect in a much older performer.  All the songs are worth hearing.  The background music is impecable.  On songs where the lyrics themselves are memorable, she is outstanding.  I especially liked Don't Miss You at All, The Long way Home and Creepin' In.  After listening a few times some of the songs seem much alike.  Maybe with additional listening they will seperate themselves. That is a minor matter and I very much recommend the CD.
0385504209|1.0|I was expecting much more from this book considering the hype surrounding it. Pulp fiction novels and paperback romances have significantly more substance and style. Written to be made into a movie, this book suffers from &quot;public education&quot; command of the language, poor character development and bulk beyond the climax that seems to satisfy contractual obligations rather than contribute to the plot. I never met a conspiracy theory I did not like, but this book goes beyond entertaining speculation in its quest for twisted grandeur. You can do much better looking elsewhere.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is a classic CD...not necessarily Nirvana's greatest, but still a must-have for any person who owns cds.
B00004T9UF|2.0|Slim wouldn't last five minutes in Harlem.
B00005JLRT|1.0|I can only hope 'Star Trek' can't get any worse than this.  A recycled and dumbed-down plot stolen from Star Trek II fails to awe me as the TNG casts supposed final mission.<br />This movie blatantly defies the even-odd rule of Trek movies, therefore requiring the rule to be modified.  I suggest the following:<br />\\"While even-numbered Star Trek movies are inevitably better than odd-numbered ones, every fifth movie is terrible, regardless of numbering.\\"<br />Anyway, this movie has very few redeeming qualities.  The special effects are very good, though they obviously can't be the driving force behind a movie (this must've been what Berman was going for).  I've read that Paramount dropped ILM for this movie; and if so, another thing it has in common with Star Trek V.  Though in that case, the result was awful effects detracting even more from an awful movie.  In 'Nemesis', the effects were the only thing that kept me awake.<br />The actors seem bored, and I honestly can't blame them.  You'll be bored to, if you have the courage to sit through the disgrace in the first place.  If they'd wanted to kill off Data, they should've done it in 'First Contact', where his death would've had more meaning (saving humanity from the Borg as opposed to a perverted, dying megalomaniac with the brains of a peanut).  Overall, this movie is a terrible entry into the 'Star Trek' series, and I hope never to see it again.<br />If Paramount decides to do another one (which I very much doubt, given how much this one bombed), they should attempt to recapture the spirit of the previous Trek movies.  Nemesis seems as if it was made in a desperate attempt to appeal to an almost non-existant mainstream audience.  Unfortunately, due to the stigma attached to the 'Star Trek' franchise, this audience simply doesn't exist.  If Nemesis had been made as a generic sci-fi/action movie, it may have done better.  But attaching the ST name to a movie ensures you attract very few people other than fans of the series.
0156421178|1.0|I try to be neutral in the matters regarding the Spanish Civil War, but I cannot understand why Franco is called \\"fascist\\" as long as he had nothing to do with the fascist or nazi ideology. Besides, why are the awful images of the anarchists/communists destroying churches not as known as the romantic images of \\"international brigades\\"?
B00005JMJ4|5.0|&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is a moving film filled with light humor and heart.  It has comedic and dramatic elements to it, and the two play together beautifully.  The film is definitely one of those that people will either love it or hate it; take it or leave it, etc.  Either way, it is a film that easily stays in your head after it is long over.<br />Bob Harris is currently in Tokyo to shoot a whisky commercial.  He was once a movie star but is now reduced to doing product endorsements.  It's easy to see that he isn't the most pleased with how things have gone in his life--but at the same time, he doesn't seem very regretful or overly depressed.  One night in a bar, he meets a young lady by the name of  Charlotte, who's also visiting in Tokyo due to her workaholic husband who's doing some photo shoots there.  Bob and Charlotte connect with one another in very little time and a unique bond of friendship is formed.<br />Whether the connection will be a short-lived or a long-term relationship is besides the point, but what is the point is those little connections we make on a daily basis and how much of a profound effect they can have on us.  Like the characters and the story, the film is superbly subtle and low-keyed.  The end result is a very entertaining and well-made film.  Bill Murray is outstanding as Bob Harris; knowing how to be comedic without ever breaking character.  I can now see why he won a Golden Globe for his performance and am happy that he has also received an Academy Award nomination (which he really deserves, I think).  Scarlett Johansson is an absolute joy to watch in her portrayal of the sweet and confused &quot;Charlotte.&quot;  And even though we may not see much of him in the film, I must say that Giovanni Ribisi does a great job as being Charlotte's husband who appears to be more in love with his work than her.<br />The movie is extremely well-directed and well-written by Sofia Coppola.  What stands out especially the writing, as the conversations flow and sound real, and do not appear artificial to our ears.  Coppola is great at making us see these characters as real human beings rather than fictional film characters.  She really establishes what she wants in her film and how she plans to achieve it.  I also love how she chose Japan as the setting for this movie, as it is very easy for one to feel &quot;lost&quot; as the characters do.<br />Not only is the film a great viewing, but the DVD package is quite impressive as well.  It may not have as many &quot;bells and whistles&quot; as most DVDs do, but it really doesn't need all of that (however, I would've liked a commentary track with Coppola and Murray).  Extras included are a Behind-the-Scenes documentary, extended and deleted scenes, a conversation with Bill Murray and Sofia Coppola featurette, a music video and more.  The best feature is an extended scene of Bob's appearance on an over-the-top Japanese talk show.  It is outrageously hilarious, and I encourage everybody to check it out as soon as the movie is over.  A downfall of the DVD is the annoying commercials at the beginning that you cannot skip, but have to fast-forward the whole thing if you desire to go straight to the menu.  I thought we were beyond this once we went from VHS to DVDs.  Apparently, I was wrong.  Still, not a shady DVD package, if you want my honest opinion.<br />&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is a superbly done film filled with humor and a number of profound little moments.  The movie is well-directed, well-written, and well-acted.  There's always a chance of you not liking the movie, but that's not a dangerous chance to take.  If you let hype consume you, then you will most likely be disappointed.  If you're willing to be open-minded and not make any judgments until the end credits, then the chances of you enjoying the film increases greatly.  A very nice and subtle movie that has more to it than what the eye simply sees. -Michael Cranenversations flow and sound real, and do not appear artificial to our ears.  Coppola is great at making us see these characters as real human beings rather than fictional film characters.  She really establishes what she wants in her film and how she plans to achieve it.  I also love how she chose Japan as the setting for this movie, as it is very easy for one to feel &quot;lost&quot; as the characters do.<br />Not only is the film a great viewing, but the DVD package is quite impressive as well.  It may not have as many &quot;bells and whistles&quot; as most DVDs do, but it really doesn't need all of that (however, I would've liked a commentary track with Coppola and Murray).  Extras included are a Behind-the-Scenes documentary, extended and deleted scenes, a conversation with Bill Murray and Sofia Coppola featurette, a music video and more.  The best feature is an extended scene of Bob's appearance on an over-the-top Japanese talk show.  It is outrageously hilarious, and I encourage everybody to check it out as soon as the movie is over.  A downfall of the DVD is the annoying commercials at the beginning that you cannot skip, but have to fast-forward the whole thing if you desire to go straight to the menu.  I thought we were beyond this once we went from VHS to DVDs.  Apparently, I was wrong.  Still, not a shady DVD package, if you want my honest opinion.<br />&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is a superbly done film filled with humor and a number of profound little moments.  The movie is well-directed, well-written, and well-acted.  There's always a chance of you not liking the movie, but that's not a dangerous chance to take.  If you let hype consume you, then you will most likely be disappointed.  If you're willing to be open-minded and not make any judgments until the end credits, then the chances of you enjoying the film increases greatly.  A very nice and subtle movie that has more to it than what the eye simply sees. -Michael Crane
B00018D44U|5.0|I surprised myself- my tendency for negativity towards a followup album after falling in love with a previous release didn't kick in!  It always takes me a bit of time to establish a relationship with an artist's latest message; with \\"Feels Like Home\\" Norah whispered and I understood.<br />Warmly wrapping you in in melodic acoustics, pure vocals and mellow riffs, this release is nothing short perfect.  Truly in the spirit of feeling like home, I was welcomed with a warm hug and smiles.<br />I'm not a fan of twangy country or of Dolly Parton's vocals (her beautiful soul does speak volumes to my heart, though); Objectively, 'Creepin In' is a frisky song that flaunts Norah's and Dolly's mutual respect and talent.<br />...all other tracks are on replay :)<br />Norah has gained maturity, confidence and experience in this album.  Her accomplishment is personal, graceful and gracious; for as much as I avoid comparing albums, I have to say that her first was what she presented - just a try that was to be a drop in the bucket but wasn't -- 'Feels Like Home' flaunts it's comfort in being beautiful.
0385504209|2.0|I read Angels and Demons before The Da Vinci Code, and really liked it. However, I was disappointed by the Da Vinci Code. I'm guessing the reason it is so popular is because it's exciting, fast paced, and controversial, however, these elements do not make it a good book. I actually found the book annoying. By the end I was so sick of hearing about hidden symbolism in everything that I almost didn't finish. The other thing I found annoying was his slant on his historical research. I know his research is supposed to be correct and accurate, but I found his account of the Council of Nicea to be a bit inconsistent with what I have learned in my history classes. Most of what he said is true, but a bit twisted to make it appear as if different motivations and influences shaped the forming of the Biblical canon and Christian theology than what actually occured. Another annoying aspect of his writing is how he will hint at some important and interesting detail, and then give you small details about it throughout the book so you won't know the whole story until the end. I know the point of this is to provide cliffhangers, but after he used this technique several times, I was just irritated by it.<br />I really don't think this book is worth reading. If you are going to read Brown, read Angels and Demons.
0812932293|5.0|I have never seen an autobiography other than \\"Losing my Virginity\\" that I couldn't stop myself from reading on and on.  It is like a Sidney Sheldon novel.  You can't stop yourself from moving on to next chapter as soon as you done with the earlier chapter.  Richard Branson has lived an extraordinary life full of adventure, sex, and fun.  And he doesn't mind talking about it.  Richard Branson is an outstanding entrepreneur -- what an inspiration!
B000001EG6|4.0|Quite a strong second release for Elton John.  For American audiences this was his debut as most people did not hear Empty Sky for several years.<br />Anyone, Your Song is the signature tune on this CD and its a classic.  Beautiful words mixed soothing music particularly the string arrangement.  Border Song is another strong work that has gospel overtones while talking against prejudice.  Thats always a good thing.  Rock N Roll Madonna, The Cage and Take Me To The Pilot are strong rock n roll numbers.<br />The ballads are pretty good too.  All of them have strong melodies.  However, several of them are way too string heavy.  And the tone on these tunes is quite depressing particularly Sixty Years On and I Need You To Turn To.  Maybe I prefer more uplifting ballads or at least a variety of them.<br />Nonetheless, this is a solid release which rates between 3 1/2 and 4 stars.
B00000DLVA|5.0|Gran Turismo has maintained its place as one of my favorite albums since its release.  The style of music on this particular album is very Cardigans, but distinct from their others in its beautiful, haunting ambience.  It is so rich that it has flavored the period of my life when I listened to it most often, so that when I look back I remember it as if to this soundtrack.<br />If you're curious about Gran Turismo, check out the songs &quot;Starter,&quot; &quot;Erase/Rewind,&quot; and &quot;My Favourite Game.&quot;  Those are probably the more upbeat songs, but though the more low-key songs don't stand out as much, together they are what provides the powerful, echoing backbone of the album.
0140277447|5.0|Usually I would not engage in any kind of debate with complete fools and bigots. But because I feel so strongly that we in the present must honor the victims of the past, and speak out for them, I will continue to retort Yukizi and the other shamelessly close-minded Japanese who are posting nonsense on this site regarding the Rape of Nanking. You continue to dishonor your people Yukizi and Hiromi. What kind of human beings are you two ??<br />I am American. I will gladly point out the truth that in the late 19th century the U.S. Army enaged in a form of genocide against Native Americans ( Indians, Yukizi ). In World War II the U.S. heavily bombed civilian urban targets in Europe and Japan. Atomic bombs were dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima that may not have needed to be dropped- though strong arguments have been made for 59 years that these bombs saved as many as 10 million U.S. and Japanese casualities had the U.S. had to conquer Japan by invasion. During the Vietnam War as many as 2 million South East Asian perished, most of whom were civilians. These are facts.<br />Here are some more facts-  <br />In China alone historians from several nations have determined as a direct result of the Japanese INVASION 19 million Chinese people died.<br />As many as 4-6 million Asians died in: Korea, Malaysia, Thailand, Philipines, Vietnam, Burma, Indonesia, Cambodia, Manchuria, Taiwan. Allied prisoners were routinely tortured and killed. All by Japanese troops. <br />Detailed eyewitness` accounts, including photos and film, from many different countries including clergy saw this disgusting crime against humanity as it unfolded over several weeks. Newspaper articles from leading- and still operating Japanese newspapers reported these killings like they were covering the latest baseball results. Several of the Westerners there risked their lives to set up the Safety Zone to keep Japanese rapists and murderers away from the survivors. As a result,instead of the entire pre-Rape population of Nanking dying in the most horrible ways imagineable ( like most villages between Shanghai and Nankai during the Japanese Army`s march to Nanking ), nearly half the population, 300,000 people survived.<br />Japan has paid 1/65th the war reparations as Germany for it`s criminal acts during WWII. What does that say ?<br />Hiromi, now I turn my attention to you. You said this was in the middle of a war ?? This was an invasion by Japan on another country. Besides, is it proper for troops to kill anyone they want, stomp babies into pulp in front of their mothers, force families to have sexual intercourse with each other for entertainment, then rape the women for days and proceed to kill the whole family anyway ? This is just a small taste of the acts these animals committed. <br />Face the truth and the rest of the world will respect you. Until then, your people are never going to be respected by the world community....<br />Enough said.<br />Read this book. It is what we owe the victims.<br />Yukizi, my invitation is still open.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This is the best cd i own. It rocks. Between the unbelievably awesome guitar riffs and Chino voice, this cd rocks. If you like old Staind or Korn, you will like this cd. 7 words is the best song.
0792837614|5.0|This movie is my favorite movie of all time. My mother and my aunt have raised me with musicals. I've been watching musicals before I could even talk. But this One I didn't see untill I was old enough to understand the beauty of the dancing. But in all catagories this movie is my favorite. Action (the  fighting between the two gangs) Romance (the romeo and juliet love story)Horror(the death of her brother and riff)and then of course It's a musical. I truly love this movie and all my friends and boyfriend know they don't have to like it but don't say anything bad about it in my presence.
B000007T2Z|4.0|This album is really good, i think it deserves 4.5 stars, but i can only give 4 or 5, and I don't think it deserves 5.  I actually only wrote the review to point out something interesting i noticed 17 minutes into &quot;Providence&quot;.  There is a voice that is saying &quot;Where are you going?&quot; to the exact same tune that one of the characters in the musical &quot;Godspell&quot; says &quot;where are you going?&quot; and i just thought it was in interesting fact.
B0000D96NW|5.0|Excellent. I was unhappy with their previous material (since &quot;The more thing change&quot;), so, when I listened to it I was really surprised. It sounds concrete, precise, heavy (with no doubt, the heaviest thing of 2003) and full of strange feelings. In my opinion, it's the resurrection of Machine Head into heavy music.
B000002J1M|4.0|Though The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway is hailed as the prog-era Genesis zenith, I assert an alternative: Foxtrot.  After a shaky start with their debut album Trespass, and a more solid follow-up, Nursery Cryme, Genesis's third effort was (for me) their best.  For any time or era, the music on Foxtrot is engaging, original, intelligent, and (suprising for progressive rock) even catchy.<br />The infectious rhythm of Phil Collins and Michael Rutherford is apparent on most of the tracks.  Occasionally they play with odd time signatures and tricky syncopation.  On this album it's also apparent that Steve Hackett is still working towards becoming one of the more original guitarists in rock. Thankfully, Gabriel's lyrics are not as cryptic as his usual mindbenders.  He also employs different characters throughout the album by cleverly changing the accents, pitch, and inflections of his voice and speech.  Tony Banks shines on a number of piano parts and also masters that all-important instrument of '70's prog-rock: the mellotron.  For an album produced in 1971-72, the sound quality is remarkably good, thanks to David Hitchcock.  If you purchase the album, make sure it is the &quot;Definitive Edition Remaster&quot; (1994).  The sound is touched up, and appears to be more clean.<br />My choice cuts are the opener &quot;Watcher of the Skies&quot;, &quot;Can-Utility and the Coastliners&quot;, and the 23-minute epic &quot;Supper's Ready&quot;.  For those of you who don't have the patience for traditional progressive rock: I promise you, &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; will hold your attention if you give it an honest chance.<br />Early Genesis fans won't regret this purchase.  In addition, it's a must own for any prog fan.
0679311718|5.0|This book is geniously written, it tells the hard truth, those truths we always hear of when its too late. Someone had to do the research and this author(Being there from day one) has done a fine job. General Romeo Dallaire tirelessly pursued the Rwanda massacres from that first day and has not stopped trying for what could have been stopped before anyone knew of it. If the right governments had listened to him, this General whom they appointed, but turned a deaf ear, we'd never of heard about Rwanda. Reading this angered me, not only did these governments not listen, they knew beforehand, and turned a blind eye. The proof is in, and Dallaire has it all right here in black and white. It's tragic there are so many worldwide events like this that come to us after the fact because they could have been prevented. I strongly recommend reading a book which tells of a coming tragic war with these same Governments, written for the same intention Dallaire spoke up, to stop it before it happens, Read SB 1 or God by Karl Mark Maddox.
B000000WFF|1.0|This album is by far the best album by this talented group.  It starts off with their famous dance song, &quot;Spise up your Life!&quot;  and the fun keeps going all the way down to the wonderful &quot;Viva Forever&quot; .  Also, another focal point is &quot;Too Much&quot;.  The girls really blend together well in this album.  And Victoria has changed from a background vocalist to a soloist, so you know it has to be fun.  So if you are just sitting around and listening to the sample songs, BUY IT!!!!  It is a must have.
B00008S2VG|5.0|I actually complained on a recent car trip from Seattle to Whistler, BC because the person driving wanted to listen to this CD.  We ended up having it on as &quot;background&quot; music the whole trip, and though I myself had purchased it last year when it came out, I'd given it a quick and dismissive listen and never touched it again.<br />However, the past week since the car trip it has been in my car non-stop.  I really, REALLY like this CD.  I am not quite sure why it took so long to grow on me, but each of the unique and enjoyable tracks is great.  This is truly one of her most overlooked works from my perspective, and it's very interesting to see how many others seem to have had the same experience.  Perhaps she was ahead of the curve once again.  Either way, give this one multiple listens before you pass judgment - you may be surprised how much you like it after a while.
B000002UB3|2.0|This is probably the best album of the Beatles.   I've had this album in vinyl.   Unfortunately, the CD reproduction has lost the beauty of the sound of this album.  I use audiophile grade stereo system and to no avail.  I've also tried it in my Discman and my other mini components but still the poor sound.   Other Beatles albums have been reproduced better in CD.   It's a pity the record company does not plan to remaster it to make it sound better.
B0000CDLA7|3.0|There are shades of individual brilliance, but this album is far from cohesive -- the chemistry is completely missing. It would be unfair to compare this with any of their earlier records. Was it bad production or was it the band? When I heard the whole album my mind couldn't help think whether most of the material was written individually by Petrucci, Myung and Jordan and put together much later in the process without great emphasis on unision, as opposed to the band working together and trimming loose ends. What ever they did, they didn't do it right. Since it is Dream Theater we are talking about, it is hard to believe, they are lacking in effort. But something could have been done do make good individual performance sound better as a song. May be they just need a long break to relax and put together some fluid music.
1592220053|4.0|Like many people who have recently read &quot;Tuf Voyaging&quot; for the first time, I was introduced to George R. R. Martin through the outstanding &quot;Song of Ice and Fire&quot; series.  &quot;Tuf&quot;, of course, has a very different setting.  In the far future, humanity lives on scattered planets long after the collapse of the Empire.  One relic survives: a 'Seedship', containing all the ancient data and technology needed to clone extinct species or create new ones.  This ship falls into the hands of a trader named Haviland Tuf, who promptly sets off on a series of adventures, using the ship's capabilities to address ecological and societal problems on various planets.<br />Although this is certainly early Martin, I would argue that we can definitely see the same qualities here that we love in his current set of fantasy triumphs.  Characters stand out for their strong personalities and unshakable convictions.  Tuf, portrayed as intelligent and self-confident but still holding a sense of humor, embodies the same strength and likeability that we find in Tyrion Lannister and other unforgettable creations.  As in the &quot;Song&quot;, minor characters are also well-developed in the space of just a few lines, creating genuine emotional intensity as they vie against Tuf.  I should mention also that the humor is strong.  Things that are supposed to be funny actually are funny.<br />The best story of the bunch is &quot;The Plague Star&quot;, the opening chapter in which we see how Tuf acquires his ship and grow introduced to his tough but patient personality.  This one is a minor masterpiece that pitches an entire crew into an every-man-for-himself battle where nobody can be trusted. (Petyr Baelish and Varys would feel right at home.)  As with his later fantasy novels, Martin toys with the reader.  He sets up situations where you think you can predict what will happen, but keeps some tricks up his sleeve until the last minute.  Slightly less enchanting, but still definitely worth reading, are three stories where Tuf helps a crowded planet deal with overpopulation.  I didn't find these tales excessively preachy, but there was certainly less action there than what I've come to expect from Martin.
B000002JSN|5.0|Physical Graffiti is Led Zeppelin comming into their own. Too bad that this was Led Zeppelin last great album. Pysical Graffiti is the hard rock album at which all other hard rock albums should be compared. Though I dont this this is Led Zeppelins best (that would be Led Zeppelin II) I do think this is their second best album. Its has all the elements that go into making a classic hard rock album.<br />Physical Graffiti is full of left over demos and tracks recorded just for the album, which is why it was Led Zeppelins longest and not to mention heaviest album of their carrer. Most of the spngs are harder rock like the classic opener 'Custerd Pie' 'Night Flight' and 'Sick Again' among others. But there are also some softer tracks like 'Houses Of The Holy' 'Down By The Seaside' and the beautiful acoustic instrumental by Jimmy Page 'Bron-Yr-Aur' and the classic old fashioned boggie, 'Boggie With Stu' Epics like 'In My Time Of Dying' and 'In The Light' give this album depth. But lets not forget the epic to end all epics, the most poular song on the album and mybe Led Zeppelins best song 'Kashmir' Im not gonna go into detail but anyone who has heard this song knows its a classic among classics! 'The Rover' has to be one of the best rock and roll songs ever written, I was floored the first time I heard it, and the same can be said about the amazing 'Ten Years Gone' which is one of the best songs ever recorded. Other stand out tracks are the radio classic 'Trampled Under Foot' and the hard rocking 'The Wanton Song' The only weak seems to be 'Black Country Woman' which really isnt half bad.<br />You are truly missing out if you dont own Physical Graffiti by now, the musician ship is the best Led Zeppelin ever had, the lyrical depth is deep and meaningful. You can not call yourself a Led Zeppelin fan if you dont own this classic album. Highly recomended!
0783240236|5.0|this motion picture was made in the early sixties at a time when revolutionary changes were threating the calm peacful american scene and society. his view in this picture was that riots, demonstations loss of tranquility that we took for granted was soon to be ripped apart. the birds represent all of those social changes that were soon to tear up the fabric of american society.the attack of the birds was upon a peaceful normal small slice of ammericana.this indicated that no place was to be safe from the trumatizing effects of drugs, bizzare behavior, riots,crime,generation gap and all the other effects which were to destroy all that was held to be sacred. schools were attacked.childrens birthday partys were no longer safe.could the birds be held to represent all that was to soon render our society a fearful place to live in. even bodega bay? has anyone ever considered this point of view? if i am correct then this was the one and only prophetic and most horrifying of hitchcock`s  motion pictures. I loved and hated it for that reason.
B000002KIE|1.0|All those people out there that believe that Johnny Rotten and the Sex Pistols were \\"true\\" punk rock have just been duped. Sure the songs are catchy and a talked a big game, but did you know that the band didn't write them? Did you know that the album was recorded by studio musicians? Did you ever sit and think what it really means to be an assembled band? You'll find all of that to be true after doing a bit of research. I mean come on, what kind of real band has a bass player that LITERALLY COULD NOT PLAY! Sid Vicious was hand picked out of the local punk rock scene to fit the bands image. There whole existence is a sick joke, and they deserve no more artistic credit than the Backstreet Boys.
B00000AFDW|4.0|It happened nineteen years after Dynasty, the first studio album with all four original members.  Psycho-Circus sounds like they never broke up and made a harder followup to Love Gun.  Of course, accompanying their ballyhooed return was the tour with trademark makeup back on, and a lot of merchandise tie-ins in tune with the 90's.  The songs here are mostly about a retrospective at their career.<br />Paul's songs:<br />The line in the title track, &quot;I've been waiting for this night to come&quot; may speak for the millions of fans who waited for a reunion of the original four members.<br />&quot;I Pledge Allegiance To The State of Rock 'N Roll&quot; is a look back at what Paul did in order to reach the heights he scaled with KISS, making sacrifices, giving his blood and soul, and living with the rebel attitude of not following the rules.  However, this sounds more at home on Lick It Up, as it's one of the harder songs.<br />The deserved self-congratulatory toast &quot;Raise Your Glasses&quot; is another song telling what they did to make it to the top, taking chances and doing things instead of just talking about it.  A catchy chorus and a sound like something on Crazy Nights but minus Ron Nevison's production.<br />&quot;Dreamin'&quot; is another hard number that could fit on Crazy Nights or Lick It Up.  It was also co-written with Bruce Kulick, who found himself jobless when the original four got back together.<br />Gene's songs:<br />Gene's at his demonic best in &quot;Within,&quot; screaming the chorus one moment, rasping the verses the next.<br />The mid-paced ballad &quot;We Are One&quot; is Gene's take of life as KISS and being one with the fans, who have a little of KISS in them.  His line of seeing his own face staring back at him brings reminders of how many fans painted their face of their favourite KISS member.  And on their makeup comeback, &quot;You're on the road again/and then you realize/they brought you back to life again.&quot;<br />&quot;Journey of 1,000 Years&quot; seems to be a conversation with himself, someone's who's made a legend of himself and is ready to go, or is it a new beginning?  And did this really happen or was it all a dream?  The string arrangement is something like a score from a triumphant epic, fitting as KISS's career was an epic journey itself.<br />Ace's song:  &quot;Into The Void&quot; features the familiar Ace guitar and a sound reminiscent of what he did on his solo album and the song is of a space-man being pulled in a black hole.  One of the better songs here.<br />Peter's song:  Being the vocalist behind &quot;Beth&quot; and the other soft songs on his solo album, Criss's &quot;I Finally Found My Way,&quot; complete with strings and piano is a romantic and nostalgic ballad belonging on his solo album.  My favourite song here.<br />The joint song &quot;You Want The Best&quot; is another chugging hard number where they trade vocals in the verses and sing together in the chorus.  A worthy nod to the introductory &quot;You want the best, you got the best, the hardest band in the world, KISS&quot; done on their first two live albums, and to their fans, who wanted them to play, and they complied.<br />Heavier than Hot In The Shade or Revenge, but not topping the power and hunger of Animalize or Asylum, Psycho Circus is a return to form, an honourable last studio bow (if that turns out to be the case) for the original foursome.  With subsequent releases of The Very Best Of and Alive IV, well, maybe that journey of a thousand years has come to an end.f 1,000 Years&quot; seems to be a conversation with himself, someone's who's made a legend of himself and is ready to go, or is it a new beginning?  And did this really happen or was it all a dream?  The string arrangement is something like a score from a triumphant epic, fitting as KISS's career was an epic journey itself.<br />Ace's song:  &quot;Into The Void&quot; features the familiar Ace guitar and a sound reminiscent of what he did on his solo album and the song is of a space-man being pulled in a black hole.  One of the better songs here.<br />Peter's song:  Being the vocalist behind &quot;Beth&quot; and the other soft songs on his solo album, Criss's &quot;I Finally Found My Way,&quot; complete with strings and piano is a romantic and nostalgic ballad belonging on his solo album.  My favourite song here.<br />The joint song &quot;You Want The Best&quot; is another chugging hard number where they trade vocals in the verses and sing together in the chorus.  A worthy nod to the introductory &quot;You want the best, you got the best, the hardest band in the world, KISS&quot; done on their first two live albums, and to their fans, who wanted them to play, and they complied.<br />Heavier than Hot In The Shade or Revenge, but not topping the power and hunger of Animalize or Asylum, Psycho Circus is a return to form, an honourable last studio bow (if that turns out to be the case) for the original foursome.  With subsequent releases of The Very Best Of and Alive IV, well, maybe that journey of a thousand years has come to an end.
B00013EY7Q|5.0|Everyone from Diane whoever to the last person rating it one star only - I feel so sorry for you - you are obviously missing the meaning of life searching for 'something to happen' or some kind of typical americanized action in the plot... Try to remember that some human beings have feelings that develop them as haracters and as personalities, and they really search for something more than action in their lifes, obviously very differently than you...<BR>Sofia Copola has established herself with this movie as a great director that is changing for better the american cinematography in a very valuable way! Great visuals, Sofia! Incredible job!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I bought this CD the day it came out, and it still hasn't left my CD player. Before I used to play tracks like \\"Brave New Girl\\", \\"Outrageous\\", and \\"I Got That Boom Boom.\\" Now I listen to songs like \\"Toxic\\", \\"Early Mornin'\\", \\"Showdown\\", and \\"Shadow.\\" That's what's great about this CD...you will instantly have your favorites, and after awhile you discover new favorites somehwere else on the CD.
B000002JA8|3.0|&quot;Saturday Night Forever&quot;?  This isn't one of my favorite PSB albums, but I surely enjoyed SNF.  I wish they included it in their Nightlife Tour DVD and POP ART.
B00005A1PR|5.0|01. Intro (No ranking available)<BR>02. Video (10/10)<BR>03. Promises (10/10)<BR>04. Brown Skin (11/10)<BR>05. Strength, Courage, &amp; Wisdom (11/10)  <BR>06. Nature (8/10)          <BR>07. Back to the Middle (8/10)         <BR>08. Ready for Love (11/10)          <BR>09. Interlude (No ranking available)          <BR>10. Always in My Head (10/10)          <BR>11. I See God in You (10/10)          <BR>12. Simple (10/10)        <BR>13. Part of My Life (8/10)          <BR>14. Beautiful (11/10)        <BR>15. Outro (No ranking available)      <BR>16. Wonderful (Stevie Wonder Dedication)(10/10)<br />That's (128/130) or 98% AMAZING. If you don't buy this CD, you're really missing out on some great modern acoustic soul.
B000002LEE|5.0|I can remember being 12 or 13 and reading about Jane's in Thrasher magazine and just knowing I had to have this album.  Maybe it was the picture of Perry with his dreds swinging or maybe it was the picture of Dave looking so cool as he played the guitar, but as soon I could talk my mom into driving me to the store I bought this album and for the last 15 years it has been in constant rotation and one of my top ten of all time.  &quot;Summertime Rolls&quot; is just an incredible song that always makes me think of those lazy summer days and &quot;Had a Dad&quot; is such a powerful song it makes me think every time I hear it.  Who can't relate to &quot;Standing in the Shower...Thinking.&quot;   Please do yourself a favor and before you buy anything else buy this album.  I know 15 years from now I will still be playing this one and I hope you are too.
B000099T2L|2.0|I'll get right to the point: Beyonce's CD has about four good songs, and the rest are filler tracks. &quot;Crazy In Love&quot;, &quot;Naughty Girl&quot;, &quot;Baby Boy&quot;, and &quot;Hip Hop Star&quot;. After the first four songs end, the CD just goes downhill, as it will bore you more than a PBS special about the chemical compounds of rocks. Even her great voice can't save those flat tracks.
0446677450|5.0|I bought Rich Dad Poor Dad last nite and started reading it @ 10pm, finished it @ 3:30am. I couldn't put it down. This is an awsome book. So well written. So much information. <br />Thank you Robert.<br />Thank you Rich Dad.<br />Happy Valentines Day everyone.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I watched Firefly when it came out, and couldn't wait to see each episode.  Of course I knew it would never make it.  I don't know who are on the Nielson's, but it isn't anyone I know.  This show was thought provoking and unique, something lacking in our &quot;reality show&quot; world.<P>When it came out on DVD I rushed to buy it, and was happy to find 3 episodes I missed out on, plus the extras.  I just wish they could have had commentaries on all the episodes.<P>Buy this, watch this, and watch it again.  If you like science fiction, good writing, great acting, unique premises, or a combination of any of the above, you will be a happy camper.  Enjoy.
B00006G8HX|4.0|Wrath of Khan took Paramount by surprise. The studio expected the production to fare much worse than the first film as sequels usually do less business than the first film in a series. While it grossed less than ST:TMP, it also cost less. The revamped Enterprise sets and redressing of the Enterprise for other ships, helped save cost making it more profitable. Much more important, the fans loved the film. That inspired Paramount head Michael Eisner to give Harve Bennett the green light for a sequel. Unfortunately, a major character died at the end of Trek II. Luckily, no one really dies in science fiction films.<br />Search For Spock starts out with a fascinating premise; when Spock died at the conclusion of Wrath of Khan, he placed his &quot;soul&quot; into another character for safe keeping until Kirk could return his &quot;soul&quot; to Vulcan. Unfortunately, Dr. McCOy the keeper of Spock's essence, has become mentally unbalanced and confused by having Spock inhabit his mind at the same time.<br />Sarek, Spock's father, goes to Kirk and makes him aware of what's happened. Kirk plagued by guilt feels he needs to collect Spock's body and his mind and return them to Vulcan for a proper Vulcan funeral. Unfortunately, Star Fleet disagrees and won't let Kirk go back to the Genesis planet where Spock's body resides. What's more, the Enterprise is being decommissioned and headed for the scrapheap. Without a vessel or means to get to Genesis (which has been declared off limits by Star Fleet until Kirk's son Dr. David Marcus can study the planet and prove its safe to inhabit), Kirk must do what he's always done best--disregard his orders.<br />Leonard Nimoy's directorial debut is almost as strong as Wrath of Khan and highly entertaining. Nimoy's deft hand as a director allows him to get the best possible performance from his cast and tell a story he's quite familar with as well.<br />The optical effects by ILM look stunning on this special edition DVD. Unlike Wrath of Khan, the movie is the same as the previous versions. The transfer, though, is sharp and the colors vivid. The anamorphic transfer (which translates to higher lines of resolution=better picture and clarity)is magnificient.<br />Paramount has packed the second disc with a number of great featurettes including one on the optical effects/models, the terraforming concept and a tribute to actor Mark Lenard (Sarek). Additionally, there's the original trailers and publicity material and interviews included as well.<br />The middle chapter of this fine trilogy looks great and is perfect entertainment for Trek fans.the movie is the same as the previous versions. The transfer, though, is sharp and the colors vivid. The anamorphic transfer (which translates to higher lines of resolution=better picture and clarity)is magnificient.<br />Paramount has packed the second disc with a number of great featurettes including one on the optical effects/models, the terraforming concept and a tribute to actor Mark Lenard (Sarek). Additionally, there's the original trailers and publicity material and interviews included as well.<br />The middle chapter of this fine trilogy looks great and is perfect entertainment for Trek fans.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|I am NOT a fan of Britney Spears, but after I heard 'Toxic' I got this CD, and it is not overwhelmingly great, but it is fantastic dance music!  I was pretty surprised at how much I enjoyed this CD!  I may not be a fan of Britney, but I am a big fan of &quot;In The Zone&quot;!
B0000683DH|5.0|The success of Wrath of Khan caught Paramount by surprise. The budget was scaled down after the expensive ST:TMP and expectations were down as well. Nicholas Meyer and Harve Bennett made the right move; they went after a classic Trek episode (Gene Coon's &quot;Space Seed&quot;)and recognized a great villian to play against Kirk in Khan.<br />Admiral Kirk has stepped down from &quot;the chair&quot; yet again and is involved in Star Fleet's Academy training. Captain Spock's latest class will be training on the Enterprise and Kirk's going along for the ride along with McCoy and the core of his seasoned crew.<br />Meanwhile, on planet Seti 5 Chekov has transported down to a barren, desolate world racked by sand storms strong enough to strip skin from bone. He and the captain of a Federation science vessel are checking for life on the planet. It seems that Kirk's ex Carol Marcus and her son David have designed a terraforming &quot;bomb&quot; that literally creates life from destruction; it changes any planet it strikes into a thriving planet with living plants within a matter of days. This revoltionary approach has drawbacks; any planet &quot;Genesis&quot; strikes will produce life but it will destroy any pre-existing life forms. So Chekov and his captain are forced to investigate the planet to rule out any chance that there is life.<br />Unfortunately, the only life forms on Seti Alpha 5 are ghosts from Kirk's past. Khan, the genetically engineered superhuman Kirk encounter twenty some years before, was deposited on the planet with his followers. Evidently, Seti-Alpha 6 the planet they were marooned on by Kirk was thrown into a new orbit when one of the other planets exploded. It changed the atmosphere from paradise to poison. Khan's ticked off and wants revenge. He sees &quot;Genesis&quot; as a means to an end--it will be bait to lure Kirk to him and allow him to kill his enemy at the same time.<br />While traveling with Spock on the cadet training mission, Kirk gets a desperate call  Carol Marcus. Marcus received a message from Chekov that Star Fleet intended to take Genesis away from Marcus and her research team before they've had a chance to try it on a planet wide scale. She had been told this was done at Kirk's command. Kirk, perplexed, tries to reason with her but communication is lost. Suddenly, the Enterprise and her crew are going to be thrown into harm's way with a madman waiting for them.<br />Meyer's only previous movie was the strong time travel film Time After Time. He wasn't familiar with Trek. That was his advantage. His take on Trek was Hortiao Hornblower in outer space. Meyer, Bennett and screenwriter Jack Soward moved action back into the Trek universe with a tale of revenge and rivalry. Wrath of Khan stands as one of the best Trek  films produced.<br />This Director's Special Edition features the extended version that Meyer had wanted to release originally. It includes many new scenes and a couple of minor subplots (such as Scotty's nephew surviving on the Enterprise which gives a new meaning to one particular shot near the end)restored to the film. The beautifully transferred DVD is in anamorphic widescreen (which basically means that the way it was transferred allows for more resolution and better clarity particularly for progressive scan DVD players and widescreen televisions). There's very few problems with the picture and the sound is stunning particularly when compared to the earlier laserdisc and DVD versions. The first disc also includes a fascinating running commentary from Meyer and Trek factoids that appear on screen. They range from interesting to funny as heck. The text display is particularly interesting after you've watched the movie the first time to capture all the action. They provide interesting tidbits about the production of the film itself as well.<br />The second disc features all the extras with the exception of Meyer's commentary track. There's a number of great featurettes that provide a wealth of background on how the film came to be, Meyer's involvement and the cast &amp; crew's take on the finished product. There's also a section devoted to the ILM optical effects, publicity materials and trailers.<br />There's also a booklet listing the chapters, special features and a nice picture of the original cast included (something Paramount neglected to include for Star Trek VI--shame on you Paramount!). Although there are some minor science errors, they're easy to overlook as the action and entertainment value of the film exceptional. Highly recommended!ide a wealth of background on how the film came to be, Meyer's involvement and the cast &amp; crew's take on the finished product. There's also a section devoted to the ILM optical effects, publicity materials and trailers. <br />There's also a booklet listing the chapters, special features and a nice picture of the original cast included (something Paramount neglected to include for Star Trek VI--shame on you Paramount!). Although there are some minor science errors, they're easy to overlook as the action and entertainment value of the film exceptional. Highly recommended!
B00018HU4U|2.0|Poor Norah!  They say that winning \\"Best new artist\\" is a curse.  There have been a lot of artists who've won the award, and faded into obscurity, never repeating their success, and eventaully, disappearing off the face of the planet.  It seems that the beautiful, sultry, classy Norah Jones is no exception.  Her first album, \\"Come Away With Me\\" was a brilliant, stunning masterpiece showcasing a subtle, gentle beauty that was as warming as it was cool.  However, her sophomore album is extremely disappointing, to say the least.  the songs aren't melodic, but bland, boring, and overly produced.  It is too bad that Jones' \\"Feels Like Home\\" is suffering the post-Grammy blahs.  It seems that \\"Come Away With Me\\" was a blockbuster movie, and the sequel is underwhelming with a poor script, the same old plot, and nothing more to offer.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Those who are writing &quot;reviews&quot; calling this album &quot;garbage&quot; either need their hearing checked or desperately need to get a life!!  I'm appalled that people who haven't even listened to this album and obviously dislike the artist attached to it, are permitted to write such biased, useless crap.  Those who actually listen to the album will realize that it's quite fantastic, easily the best collection of pop songs in recent times!  Many different musical tastes are satisfied, ranging from fun, edgy dance songs (Toxic, Me Against the Music) to sophisticated techno-pop (Touch of My Hand, Breathe on Me) to urban, hip-hop sounds (Boom Boom, Outrageous).  It's truly a full-length listen and that never gets old!  Ignore the negative reviews because they are truly not a reflection of the music!  I highly recommend you pick up this album immediately, even if you're not a fan of the artist!  I guarantee you won't regret this purchase!!
B000002IZ4|4.0|This is a very good alblum, in my opinion not quite as good as Core, but still great. Here's a quick rundown of what I think of the songs:<br />1. Meat Plow-One of the harder songs here, a good opener. When I first heard this song I didn't like it, but it kind of grows on you. Get's a 9 out of 10.<br />2. Vasoline-One of the two singles, pretty good, chatchy, but not one of my favorites. To be truthful, I never quite understood what it was supposed to be about. Get's a 8.5.<br />3. Lounge Fly-The 'grungiest' song on the alblum. One of my favorites, when I was 14 I used to love to play it loud and watch my mom turn red at the use of the 'F word'. Ah, the wonders of youth. It's cool how it goes from hard to soft. 9.5.<br />4. Interstate Love Song-The other single, an interesting song, one of the softer ones, it's almost countryish. I have to admit I'm rather fond of this one, I got my first kiss listening to it. Kind of ironic, since it's more of a goddbye song. 9.5.<br />5. Still Remains-Never liked this song, I always thought Weiland's voice sounded too twangy, like he was trying to do a crossover to country. Plus, it's just a little to soppy, &quot;take a bath, I'll drink the water that you leave&quot; is just a bit, well, not my style. 5.0.<br />6. Pretty Penny-Always hated this song, just somehow doesn't it with everything else. 3.0.<br />7. Silver Gun Superman-My favorite song, it's mean, hard and great. The vocals, guitar, drums, everthing is just great. 10.0.<br />8. Big Empty-A great love song, I love how it goes from soft and slow to heavier and faster. A really fun, uplifting song, one of my favorites. 9.5.<br />9. Unglued-I could never quite figure out why, but I love this song. There's just something really cool about it. 9.5.<br />10. Army Ants-Great, it starts off slow, then really beats your brains out. The big 'questioning song'. 10.0.<br />11. Kitchenware and Candybars-Proabaly the softest song, except maybe Pretty Penny, has a weird name, but it's avery good song. Also on the end off it is the hidden song, which is kind of stange, I never really liked it too much. 9.0 to Kitchenware and Candybars and 5.0 to the hidden song.<br />Well, that's my thoughts on Purple, hope it will ave helped someone.
B00011RPB0|5.0|No one movie will be liked by everyone. From the reviews I read, you will either love it or hate it. I will not analyze the cinematography or the \\"subtle nuances\\" like the psuedo-intellectuals do, but tell of my experience with watching this heart-wrenching, bittersweet little film.<br />This is a simple movie about two people who are not fully satisfied with their mates or themselves. Maybe their spouses turned out not to be who they wished them to be. This unhappiness is heightened not only by the loneliness felt being in a foreign country but the unhappiness they feel about themselves. Bob is a has been actor who does not receive affection at home and Charlotte, like all young people, is struggling to \\"find\\" herself. <br />When these two meet, there is an instant connection that makes them come alive. It's not about being sexually attracted but mentally and spiritually attached to someone. It's about these two lives being fulfilled for the one week they have each other. Your soulmate can be any age, any background. Possibly the most moving film I have ever seen, I cried at the end knowing they will never be as happy again. <br />The most moving parts in the film were the kareoke scene when Bob sings Bryan Ferry's \\"More Than This\\" and when they are laying in bed and he touches her feet. The most disappointing is finding out that the song \\"More Than This\\" is not on the soundtrack which was for me the core of this movie.<br />I have not been moved like this by a film in a long time. A surprising admiration for Bill Murray's acting and a definite  keeper for my collection.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|At least I only rented this travesty. This is one of the most boring, contrived and pretentious movies I have ever seen. The first half hour consists of the lead roles living frustratingly dull lives in Tokyo. 5 minutes of their monotony would have conveyed the point, but no Coppola had to beat the horse to a bloody stump presumably because she was so dazzled with the lights of Tokyo.<br />But I suffered through those 30 minutes hoping eventually a movie would break out. When the two lead characters actually meet, it appears to brighten... for about 5 seconds. Then we encunter a strange journey of characters sharing their boredom and absolutely no substance. Imagine sitting in a plain white room, with no color, and a stranger sits beside you saying &quot;I'm bored, you?&quot; You get almost 2 hours of this.<br />If the lead characters had bothered to explore why they are so bored with their lives and thus grown from knowing and confiding in each other, this movie would have had a chance of meaningful existence. All we can guess (and guessing is all we can do) is that Bob (Murray) is estranged from his wife and kids (they don't even want to talk to him on the phone), reduced to pimping his acting talents in foreign tv commercials and not in charge of his life anymore. And Charlotte is neglected wife and privileged Philosophy grad who suddenly discovers Philosophy did not provide a path to a rewarding career (surprise surprise). But why has Bob lost touch with his family? What worth does Charlotte have besides being a trophy wife? What meaningful existence do these two individuals have?<br />The movie should have answered those questions. Instead it looks more like a beautiful travelogue dazzling us with the sparkling lights of Tokyo.<br />It's a poor attempt at Art House pretention, overrated by a Hollywood crowd that lost touch with average people decades ago.<br />If you want a truly good soul searching story see UNDER A TUSCAN SUN instead. Beautiful scenes, wonderful acting and the true growth of a human being at loose ends in her life.ful acting and the true growth of a human being at loose ends in her life.
B00005JMTQ|5.0|There is never a dull moment!  It kept me laughing the entire time!
B000005HO0|5.0|I'm a big fan of Mayhem, especially Dead.  I started my Mayhem collection with Live In Leipzig.  It's just sad that people will remember Dead's best recorded performance on this album.  If he had been around for the recording of the \\"De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas\\" album it would've done his legacy much more justice than this.  The recording could be very well a bootleg and the sound quality is poor but captures Dead's voice better than any other bootleg I own with him performing (I'm referring to the \\"Dawn Of The Black Hearts\\" and \\"Ha Elm Zalag\\" bootlegs).  <br />Whenever I listen to the Mediolanum Capta Est-Live album I just shake my head and wish it was Dead's voice on that excellent production instead.  I've got nothing against Maniac but he had to fill in big shoes in taking Dead's place.  Such a shame since he was only 21 yrs old when he killed himself and he really loved what he did for the band.  His tortured blowtorch-type voice fit Mayhem perfectly and he took their sound to another level. He has influenced many people and made copycats everywhere now in the genre along with Euronymous' necro-style riffing. If you want to know where Black Metal really started don't start with Venom, just go to Leipzig instead and join them.  The Legend Lives Forever! R.I.P. Per Yngve Ohlin (Dead) and Oystein Aarseth (Euronymous). The true black emperors.
B00018D44U|5.0|I started to love Norah when I listend to her show in New Orleans on TV . Then I realised - star was borned ! She had it all- amazing angelic voice , songwriting talent and beauty of simple girl next door . I bought her 1st CD and it was amasing I just couldn't get enough . Now it's happening all over again - this album is also amaizing . All songs are amaising and even duet with Dolly is not that bad . Norah didn't change her music style , althogt it has more country flavour . Her music stays beautiful and sophisticaded like before .One more thing - cover is verry nice.
B00018D44U|1.0|Anticipated this album and was promptly deflated and disappointed.  Songs lack luster and range.  Lyrics are absolutely horrid.  Save your money...what a waste of talent.
B0001AP12G|4.0|This album is cool, its good that Kanye is trying new things out in this week ass industry. But if any of you ever compare anybody to Dr. Dre than you are stupid. 50 Cent is all Hype so leave him out of this. And whoever said that Kanye is a beat biter who cares, it sounds good to me. Dont ever compare any body to the badassess like dre or anybody of his caliber.
B00005M91K|5.0|Watch this movie with an open mind.  It's not a popcorn movie.  I watched it in my house in complete darkness.  It made me think about how beautiful and wonderful our planet Earth is.  I'm not a religious person, however, watching the movie made me contemplate on the existence of a superior being.  It also made me question my role in this modern day society.  It seems like my priorities have shifted from the simple and basic pleasures of life to the unattainable material standards.  It's hard to believe...but I cried three times during this movie - I didn't even cry once in Titanic.
B00005J6T1|5.0|this is my favorite madonna album ever. it's beutiful songs will stick in your head for weeks! my favorite track is &quot;Everybody&quot; it is a dance classic! other satandout tracks include &quot;holiday&quot; &quot;Lucky star&quot; &quot;Burning up&quot; and &quot;i know it&quot; but the rest of the cd is great to! now on to the remixes. Finishing the cd are two remixes of burning up and lucky star. These remixes are both longer and better than the origanals! The burning up remix is the most notably different song from the origanal, it's beat is so much better! and the lucky star remix is also better! Go to your record store and buy this CD!
B0001AP12G|5.0|With the &quot;retirement&quot; of JAY-Z (a.k.a. HOVA), the failure of Memphis Bleek's latest Hip Hop album, and Beanie Seagel's legal troubles, Roc-A-Fella records was in desperate need of a resurrection.  Enter the Roc's new &quot;savior,&quot; Kanye West, who recently recovered from life-threatening injuries.  Most of us know West as the producer who laced Jigga's Blueprint album with classics like I.Z.Z.O, and the song that started the feud with Nas, &quot;the Takeover.&quot;  Kanye's debut album is GIGANTIC.  It's smart, innovative, street &amp; deep.  Here is a review of some of my favorite tracks on the album:<br />We Don't Care<BR>It's hard to endorse a song that glorifies drug dealing, but this is a hot song.  In fact, this song, which opens the album, solidifies for anyone who may have been skeptical, thatKanye is definitely a great lyricist.  This song provides a very real and graphic description of the grind of trying to work and live in the ghetto, while also highlighting the fact that the &quot;hustle&quot; is almost a necessity to make it.  Kanye's melodic delivery, coupled with innovative lyrics like &quot;The drug game is bulimic, it's hard to get weight,&quot; makes &quot;We Don't Care&quot; a song that we should definitely care about.<br />All Falls Down<br />A song about vanity-- a true rip on the problems with America.  On this track West speaks on how poor self esteem ad the goal oftrying to &quot;appear wealthy,&quot; by buying fancy clothes and cars you can't afford keeps you broke.  My favorite line on this track is &quot;she couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis (a lexus).  He asks the listener who you gonna call, &quot;when it all falls down.&quot;  This is what you call a B-side classic.<br />Through the wire<br />You've ALL heard this track.  This is already the track of the  year and the year just started.  Though it is a graphic description of the ordeal he suffered through it flows like butter over the sweetest sample of Chaka Khan's &quot;Through the fire.&quot;  No need to say anymore, the track is pure fire.<br />Slow Jamz<br />Jamie Foxx?  Yeah I know...like you I was like what is this dude doing on the track.  But he's actually pretty good, and this awkward pairing of Foxx, West, and Twista provides us with a tack that is rocking clubs nationwide.  Twista smokes this track, and Kanye is as funny as it gets by letting us know that he has both dark and light skin friends that look like Mike.  The only problem that I have with this song is that it may cause Jamie Foxx to record an album.  Can anyone say Eddie Murphy?<br />That's all I got....go get this album...it's fire.
B000002LND|3.0|this was my second madonna album (first one ray of light) and i thought this would be a great intro to madonnas eighties stuff and it was. but i read that some songs are horribly remixed and edited and i then went on a quest to buy the origanal albums. and i was right the origanals are so much better. And some remixes destroy the origanals most notably like a virgin and lucky star. but this does have my altime fav madonna song entitled vogue. and it has two unrealeased songs not found anywhere else whitch are good. I reccomend the origanal albums instead.<br />But that doesn't mean this album is all bad.  some remixes are good! i especially like the mix of express yourself. i also like la isla bonita. (only madonna song on this collection where i didn't here the origanal version) <br />though this album is also missing a few songs (true blue,Angel, over and over) and some remixes are bad. overall this is worthy of being in your madonna collection. And besides if you can't get all the cash to buy organals this is a great alternative!
0380977788|5.0|Great book full of mystery and horror about a ten year old girl in a twisted world. A fabulous read for 9+ years.
B00005J6SZ|5.0|This album is my second favorite Madonna album (the first being Madonna) this album is digitally remastered and it sounds perfect! standout tracks include Material girl, like a virgin, pretender, angel, dress you up, stay, included on this album are two extended dance remixes of Material girl and like a virgin. These remixes are even better then the origanal! most notabbly like a virgin. these remixes are even better then the origanals! buy this cd!
B00005JMJ4|2.0|This was a &quot;none&quot; movie for me. I could not relate to either of the characters, and as much as I like Bill Murry......no Oscar from me. The pathos of the two characters was a non relationship,  only a bump, that did not ever register. Sorry
B0001AP158|1.0|I've been a Bon Jovi fan for many years and this is an insult to there type of rock and roll.<br /> First lets get to the good. The video quality is SUPER because it was done in HD. But there's a catch, if you don't have an HD DVD player and HD TV you get the picture cut off on both sides. Titles are cut off, and in some cases you get only part of Richie and Hugh because there on either side. There are other examples of the cut off picture that I won't go into but believe me it's very noticealble.<br /> The sound is supurb. It's in DTS or Dolby 5.1. Just SUPER.<br /> Now the bad. If you want to use the Caption feature, it doesn't work.............<br /> The concert is VERY LOW KEY. So if you are expecting the old Bon Jovi that were all use to, FORGET IT!. No power ballads or anything up beat. They took all those great song and slowed them down, and in some cases totally rewrote the music.<br /> This is a radical dissapointment. But like I said before the picture is VERY clear, and the sound is SUPER.<br /> Buy it at your own risk. I got it new for $12.00 at Best Buy and now it's going over to Dimple Records so I can sell it back for $4.00. Oh well, it's an $8.00 loss but at least I can save someone from making the same mistake.<br /> Buy the way, I own vertually every Bon Jovi DVD and CD and there all great.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|Plain and simple, &quot;Wicked&quot; is possibly the best pop musical to come out since, well, probably the 80s, (with the exceptions of the love-it-or-hate-it AIDA and Jekyll &amp; Hyde).  The most important element of &quot;Wicked&quot; is that has a very strong story to build upon.  While it doesn't stay particularly close to the book upon which it is based, the sheer appeal of this re-imagining of Baum's timeless characters is undeniable.<BR>Kristen Chenoweth and Idina Menzel are both fantastic, each nailing their respective characters and firmly establishing the important central relationship between Glinda and Elphaba.  As for some of the complaints I've read about the &quot;nasal&quot; quality of the leads' voices, I can't say I agree.  Kristin is slightly nasal, but only because it's appropriate for the character of Glinda- incidentally, Glinda in the show looks like she's going to have a nosebleed at any second.<BR>Another fantastically entertaining aspect of the show is its rampant use of dramatic irony as Elphaba sings about &quot;a celebration throughout Oz all to do with me,&quot; &quot;I'll be so happy I could melt,&quot; etc.  And the show balances the fun and drama just perfectly; it manages to keep the story central enough to avoid becoming something akin to &quot;Mamma Mia!&quot;<BR>That all said, the real jewels of the score are &quot;The Wizard and I,&quot; &quot;Popular,&quot; &quot;For Good,&quot; &quot;No Good Deed,&quot; and the phenomenal &quot;Defying Gravity.&quot;   I wouldn't be surprised to see several of said tracks become Broadway standards in the coming years.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Here's my rating of the songs:<br />1)Foreward--10/10 it's not a song but if u must have a forward, this is good cuz it puts u in the rock mood and it's short<br />2)Don't Stay--10/10 I luv this song! The lyrics are great and it's got awesome guitar in there<br />3)Somewhere I Belong--10/10 Great lyrics!<br />4)Lying from You--7/10 I normally skip this song. <br />5)Hit the Floor--9/10 Really gets me pumped up for sports and stuff...great guitar<br />6)Easier to Run--10/10 I luv the chorus! Nice lyrics, too<br />7)Faint--10/10 One of the best on the CD! Great drumming!<br />8)Figure .09--10/10 Another good one! Great rock beat and lyrics<br />9)Breaking the Habit--8/10 I normally skip this one over cuz it's not enough rock for me<br />10)From the Inside--7/10 Always skip this one. Good lyrics but too boring for me<br />11)Nobody's Listening--8/10 Sweet song<br />12)Session--9/10 Pretty awesome! Great guitar<br />13)Numb--10/10 Another favorite of mine. Don't like the verses that much, but the chorus rocks! and i luv the little beep noises at the beginning and end<br />Overall, I recommend this CD cuz like i said IT ROCKS MY WORLD!
0934742529|4.0|Sir Harold Nicolson, the autor of this book, was a prestigious british diplomat who served on the British delegation to the Paris Peace Conference of 1919, among other tasks. He knew his craft, and wanted to share that knowledge with others. That is probably the reason why he wrote this book, \\"Diplomacy\\".<br />In \\"Diplomacy\\", not only does he tell the reader about the origin of diplomacy and its development: he also manages to explain what being a diplomat is about, and which qualifications should aspiring diplomats have. For example, he believes that veracity, precision, calm, loyalty, good character and modesty are essential attributes of a good diplomat.<br />Nicolson wrote \\"Diplomacy\\" a long time ago: the first edition was published in 1939. Notwithstanding that, his book is nowadays as useful as in the day it was published, because it allows the reader to understand what diplomacy is, from the point of view of a diplomat. This book is informative, but also entertaining. His eloquent prose attracts the reader, who cannot help but be interested by the many anecdotes regarding life in the Foreign Service that the author recollects in order to get his point across more clearly.<br />In conclusion, I can recommend this book to those who are interested in International Relations and would like to know more about diplomacy. I give it only four stars because even if it is a very good book, it doesn't include the latest developments in the diplomatic field. All the same, it is a really good place to start :)<br />Bel&eacute;n
B0000CFW87|5.0|This is in response to all of the classical music fans giving Closer a one-star rating and recommending baritones such as Dimtri Hvorostovsky and Bryn Terfel. One recent reviewer said: &quot;If you have heard all of these singers and still think Groban's cd is the best thing, then I am really speechless. Please don't call me a snob just because I would like to share with you some of the best voices in the world.&quot; OK, go ahead and BE speechless, because I HAVE listened to ALL of those baritones, and YES, Josh Groban IS the best! His voice IS TEN TIMES BETTER than their voices!! And no, I won't call you a snob, but you definitely need to put Josh's CD on and LISTEN to it, because I DON'T think you have! And I will tell you exactly WHY I think his voice is better: all of these supposedly 'wonderful' baritones have a VERY NASAL quality to their voice. It sounds as if they are all singing holding their noses closed!! And I believe THAT is why MOST people do NOT like opera: that nasal quality is just NOT appealing to MOST people. Josh Groban does not have ANY nasal sound to his voice WHATSOEVER--it is a pure and beautiful sound like NO OTHER, and THAT'S why people are going SO NUTS over him! Personally I cannot understand how anyone could prefer a nasal voice over Josh's voice. If David Kelly had picked Dimtri Hvorostovsky to sing at the prom on the Ally McBeal episode (instead of Josh Groban), I would bet a million dollars that 8000 people would NOT have flooded the network's email with requests asking who was the guy with the incredible voice, like they did with Josh. (In fact, I would guess they might have gotten some complaints!) SO, if you like the nasal sound, that's your choice, but just realize that most people don't--and give Josh a chance--just listen to the pure and beautiful tone of his voice. And remember Josh is NOT an opera singer--he's a POP singer just singing simple and beautiful music that grabs onto your heart and sends you to heaven.
B00008PW2E|5.0|The word going around is that this DVD will be released on July 8, 2004.  So it's good news, but it could have been better.  I'm not sure what the hold up has been, but I really hope we don't have to wait that long for Season 3.  I cannot count the numerous sites I've seen with bootleg DVDs of Seasons 2 &amp; 3 already!  Even with 5.1 sound.  But I've been patient and will wait for the official DVD.  But seriously, HBO needs to wisen up and get on the ball with SFU releases.  Since I've only seen season 1, I've almost lost interest because I have no more to watch.  But I'll get over it and watch the first DVDs a few more times.  But I might not be so patient next go around.  If they're going to continue releasing them at this pace (around a year and a half apart!), then Season 3 wouldn't be officially released until around January 06!
B000062YAZ|5.0|Okay, this album is one of my all-time favorite albums. It simply is amazing. Many raging guitar solos, great drumming by the one and only Dave Lombardo, and Araya's great vocals that send a chill down your spine on your first listen. Add the incredible speed, the evil lyrics, and great artwork, and you have a masterpiece. The production isn't as good as South of Heaven, but it is still superb. You can tell whether it's Hanneman or King who's doing the solos, where all the drums and cymbals are, and the multi-layering on the vocals.<br />The album starts off with Angel of Death, perhaps one of the best songs in all of Metal, period, with lyrics about what the Nazis did to torture people, 5 raging guitar solos, a killer double-bass solo, and after it ends, it leads into Piece by Piece, another great song. Then, there's Necrophobic, which is probably the fastest and shortest track (at only 1:40!). Then, Altar of Sacrifice, which is almost as good as Angel of Death, then you get the first break in speed with the transition from Altar of Sacrifice to Jesus Saves. After the (short) break, the band launches into breakneck speed, and plays yet another great song. Criminally Insane (which was later remixed, and the remixed song is one of the bonus tracks) begins with a really good drum solo. I won't tell you the rest, as I don't want to spoil it all. Just buy this album for yourself. You will not be dissapointed.<br />\m/
B00000K19E|2.0|The Matrix is probably one of the most overrated movies in film history. But then, I also thought Mad Max was a waste of celluloid, the resemblance being: the meaningless of life and a ridiculous storyline only an adolescent could believe and an ending that leaves you depressed.     The acting was far too serious, rather \\"over the top\\" as drama goes. I sensed that the actors were trying there best to believe the lines given them in this unbelievable premise of a story and therefore, their intense concentration to keep a straight face is misinterpreted for acting. The storyline is as follows: nothing is real except what is really real and no one knows what's real except for the real people. In other words we are not really here, we are somewhere else, we just think we're here, and consequently not knowing where \\"here\\" is; we need someone to tell us where we are. If that sounds familiar to you, you're right. Charlie Manson brainwashed his tribe into believing that very same philosophy!     Between these struggles of belief and disbelief are characters that can survive all manner of certain death and then wind up in another scene trapped, helpless and whimpering or, maybe I missed something looking at my watch.     I predict The Matrix will stand at the zenith of heterosexual teen-age boys fantasy-adventures if they find distinguishing right from wrong in their lives bothersome. (No wonder it was the favorite movie of the two Columbine students who slaughtered their classmates.)  But hey, it's just a movie, right?     If you love both visual and audile effects then this could be a movie worth seeing as a novelty, because the actors take second billing in this multi-million dollar epic devoted to state of the art special effects, just don't get sucked into the underlying shell-game philosophy this film espouses.  I must say again the sound effects are astonishing, be sure to play the DVD through a multi-channel sound system, for sound alone I stuck around, otherwise I would have had to ask somebody how it ended.
0743424425|5.0|Stephen King has been foremostly labeled &quot;The King of Horror&quot; for much of his adult life, and in this book he vividly tells us why. It is not so much as visual horror as it is mental, seeing the down-and-out writer Jack Torrance's slow ascension into insanity, which King vividly describes and perpetuates. Reading this book is like slipping into the Overlook yourself, as King tells the characters' stories through his superb writing and vivid imagination. The pages seem to fly by your eyes without a whim, your brain just sucking up the story like a vacuum, and once you reach the &quot;explosive&quot; end, you may be wishing for more. Also, I'd like to make a point to all of those who have seen the movie but have not read the book, as the movie misses many of the critical plot points of the book. They only got a few scenes right, such as the woman in the tub scene, the ballroom scene, and the scene where Jack is locked in the pantry. If you want to know the whole story and not the rehashed elements of the movie, go out and buy The Shining, and I'll guarantee you'll love every minute of it. Of what I've read so far of Mr.King, this is my favorite &quot;horror&quot; story by him, but the top of the list will always remain with The Green Mile. Check them both out!!
B00003CXCT|5.0|One of the greatest movies of all time. If you don't like it, you have to at least respect it for it's greatness.<br />The plot is brilliant, the acting is good, and the special effects are amazing for their date and age.
B00018D44U|5.0|It's amazing how her music becomes part of your soul...whether in a quiet place, in the car..it doesn't matter..I become immersed..and that is awesome..to be totally taken in...it's a welcome reprieve from a very busy world...she takes her time releasing albums..but they're well worth the wait...I am not surprised how much I like this cd...and will treasure it for years to come...
B000063DFQ|5.0|One of the greatest albums of all time. I recommend it to any fan of good Rock and Roll.
B00005V9HA|5.0|All I can say is wow this movie is fantastic maybe one of the best black comedey/horror ever created.One thing comes to mind when seeing this movie good acting (shocking) very good acting helps round out this awsome written script. I will not bore you with the story since there enough reviews here to tell you. However I will explain how you must buy this dvd. First off the picture quality is awsome (not perfect) look like it was filmed 5 years ago.The audio tracks are amazing there is DTS (which is awsome) the dolby digital 5.1 which is great an isolated score 5.1(I dont know anbody who listens to those) the commantary which is funny and not boring. The extas are plentiful but when compared to the LOTR no contest LOTR beats it, but this was before LOTR and is still pretty impressive. The extended scenes are good but were probly cut for length reasons (by the way there is no commantary on the extended or deleated scenes) the deleated scene is not that good and is good that is what cut out. the only thing bad about this movie is the rip off theme to psycho in the beginning (why they did it I dont Know) BUY THIS NOW you wont regreat it and if you do come over and reanimate me.
B000063DFN|4.0|Not the greatest album of Iron Maiden, but still a classic. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in hearing their better songs.
