B000002KIE|4.0|when punk was new, this album will bring back the memories.  I'm not into comparing who was first and who does it best, blah blah blah.  (The Ramones are one of my favorite groups but that doesn't mean I can't listen to  anything else!)  I think this is a classic album and I enjoy listening to  it.  Some people think the Sex Pistols are fake and manufactured--some of  this may be true.  But I don't care about that when I listen to the cd.   What I care about is how it stands the test of time, and I think a lot of  the songs, especially God Save the Queen and Anarchy in the U.K. and Pretty  Vacant are still pretty great.  <br />Taken at face value (which is the only  way I listen to music) this is the type of album I can enjoy singing  (er--screaming) along with in my car.  That's all I care about.
0385493622|5.0|Simon Singh manages to hold the reader in constant suspense, from his description of the origins of modern day mathemathics in Ancient Greece, to Wiles' eventual triumph in solving one of the World's most lasting  mathematical enigmas - Fermat's Last Theorem. <br />The statement of Fermat's  Last Theorem appears so simple, yet it survived rigorous scrutiny and  remained unsolved for hundreds of years. Enter Andrew Wiles, the timid  mathematician who became so engrossed in tryng to solve the problem that he  lived in hermit-like conditions for seven years. <br />Singh seemingly enters  into the very soul of Wiles, vivedly describing his secret seven year  quest, the elation at solving Fermat's Last Theorem, the sheer horror of  discovering an error and the eventual triumph of finally succeeding. <br />The  reader is left with an undisputed admiration for the character of Wiles and  it is guaranteed that this book will leave a lasting impression.
B000031WD9|5.0|Funniest movie of this genre since &quot;Fast Times...&quot;
0875428940|4.0|I purchased this deck after seeing pictures of it in the book &quot;Tarot, Plain and Simple&quot;  I was struck by how detailed the pictures on each card were.  Each picture easily tells the reader it's meaning, there is no  guessing.  My only disappointment in the deck is the coloring of some of  the cards.  The Wands in particular are very yellow.  I however overlook  the color of the cards to concentrate on the wonderful drawing.  I find  that I am using these cards more and more often and they may end up being  my favorite deck!
B000002AS1|5.0|This is absolutely astounishing! It has all the formulas melded into one! For once I feel that a soundtrack is complete. And that would be this one. The absolute best track is 6. The triumphant theme is the best of all of  Silvestri's compositions. For the exception of track 11, this whole CD is  fantastic!
0385484518|5.0|I have read the reviews of others and while I agree, that this book is certainly not going to win any awards for its literary style, I think that its simple message is one that is to easily forgotten in today's fast paced  competitive world. Cynics may dismiss Morrie's advice as simple aphorisms  and lacking real depth, but I think if one looks closer, Morrie is able to  boil down the complex game of life into a few simple lessons that are  important for everyone to read once in a while to gain some perspective.  I  was very moved by this book and think that anyone who is not too jaded by  today's world will too. I thoroughly recommend this book, it is a quick  read and can really help you rethink the priorities in your life.
0156907399|5.0|Once upon a time Samuel Johnson travelled an overland route to Skye.    He predicted that the weather would be rainy for the next half year.    The temperature was not warm but 57 degrees.  In To the Lighthouse, the    Ramsays repeatedly indicate that the weather is your biggest enemy.  This    book is a good springboard for learning about observation charts,   barometer   reading, temperature differences, prediction skills.  I was  inspired to find answers   to the following questions.  What is the oldest  navigational aid?  Where and when   was America's first lighthouse built?   What was the name of the first lightship? (NORE)   Which lighthouse is  located on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan?  Ida Lewis was   the keeper  of which lighthouse? (LIME ROCK)  What is the name of the  British ship    that Rececca and Abigail Bates turned back from the shores of Scituate,  Massachusetts?    Name two fuels that  have been used to light a beacon?
B000000OF6|4.0|If this double CD doesnt have every Queen song worth owning nothing will please you.
6305622825|5.0|Some people like golf, I happen to be a movie fanatic!  It's been a long time since I have seen a movie that captures my heart and soul never knowing who really was the bad guy.  Like any good movie, you never really  know what exactly is going to happen and when!  What sets this movie apart  from the rest is the play on real life emotions and the complications love  can bring if you want it or not.  The acting was supurb!
B000031WD9|1.0|The movie was mildly amusing, but if are expecting to see more skin in the unrated version, don't bother. The movie wasn't quite painful to watch, but came very close.
6305603847|4.0|i thought that it was one of the most expressive movies i have ever seen. the realism of the human mind is un paralleled in its point of view along with its constant music is one of the greatest misunderstood movies in that  a true nervous breakdown is truly rendered from an insiders point of view
6303332609|5.0|This is one of the best movies to come out in reasent history If you like comedy horror or a good love story theres probibly a better movie out there but if you just want to have fun get this movie. Now... I'm talken to you  go get it Now GO !
B000002GB9|5.0|Styx was one of the great rock bands of the 70s and this, along with Equinox, were their finest. If you like 70s music, this is great stuff.
B000001E29|3.0|I have been a fan since Closing Time in 1973. I own all of his albums. In my humble opinion, this is the worst. Understand that Waits' at his worst is still pretty darn good, but if you're looking to add to your Waits  collection - pass this one over. Pick up Heat Attack &amp; Vine, Heart of  Saturday Night, Small Change, Bone Machine, Frank's Wild Years - or any of  his other works before this one. A couple really good songs - &quot;I'll  Shoot the Moon&quot; and &quot;Lucky Day&quot;. Otherwise, you feel like  you're in Berlin in 1936 having your senses dulled and deadened.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul and Revolver are simply the best Beatles albums and my personal favorites. Every song on Rubber Soul is unique and wonderful in it's own way. The cream of the Beatles lie in this album and Revolver.
0553208845|4.0|when my teahcer assigned us to read this book in two weeks i was like no way.but when i got to read it, it was very interesting.the story was good.but at times it was hard to understand what they were talking about,  like that stone analogy.but it is a good book to read.it is interesting.i  recommend this to everyone out there.
B000002UAU|4.0|Don't get me wrong I'm the biggest Beatles fan in the world but to say Sgt. Pepper is the best album doesn't make sense to me....I would give this album 5 stars normally but I decided to give it 4 because compared to the  fantastic Rubber Soul and Revolver albums it shouldn't hold the same amount  of stars as they do.
B000002HFU|5.0|man is this album great.that sums it up for you.the beats,odb's lyrics,the guest appearences,everything.when i listen to this album i have to listen to the whole thing.i once tried to make a mixtape,and when i got to odb,the  tape suddenly became an odb tape.i couldn't just put like two songs,i had  to put the whole thing.the guests on it are definetly tight,tony starks  gets off tight on this album,and killa priest.
B000002UAR|5.0|Rubber Soul and Revolver are simply the best Beatles albums. I would say Rubber Soul is a notch better because of Yellow Submarine and Love You To on Revolver but still is an amazing album.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|If you liked Savage Garden's previous hit songs, (Truly Madly Deeply)then I strongly suggest this CD.  The songs are not fast, but they are also not slow enough to be boring.  This will quickly become one of your favorite  CD's!
B000002UAX|4.0|The majority of the songs of this album deserve five stars, but remember that I'm not grading certain songs. I'm grading the whole album and while still a great album not as good as Rubber Soul and Revolver as a whole  album. I'm not even gonna say they should remove some of the dead weight  either because then it wouldn't be as a good but as a whole this CD isn't 5  stars. Maybe my opinion of a 5 star album differs from yours but trust I  still love this album.
B00002E233|3.0|If you want a popcorn movie to share with a few friends this isfor you. Usual story of woman creates miracle cure, fish get annoyed,fish take revenge and annoyingly deficient sub-sea architecture. Some nice jumpy bits (can you feel them coming?), some great humour (see how many film homages you can spot) and the effects are OK (the non-CGI ones are better). People being outsmarted by fish? Happens every day but at least now I understand why LL Cool J has 'Cool' as his middle name.
B00000JTB2|5.0|I always look for artists who can express the blues in such a way that you never want them to stop playing. Double guitars that do not compete but build on each other and compliment each other is a rarity. But if you want  two who do it the best---this CD is for you. Stevie and Albert are on the  same wave length!
079073463X|5.0|This movie is about two lovers who are put under a spell. Captain Navarre becomes a wolf by night and his lover Isabeau is a beautiful hawk by day. Phillipe, a thief, escapes the the Dungons of Aquilla. He is saved by  Navarre and joins him on his quest to kill the Bishop. Phillipe tries to  escape once but Navarre finds him, again. Imperious the priest that betryed  them, tells Navarre &quot;Three days hence, there will be a day without a  night, and a night without a day.&quot; But Narvarre doesn't believe him.  So all four of them venture back to Aquilla. I won't give away the ending,  but I can tell you this is an unbelieveable story of two lovers that are  &quot;together forever, eternaly apart&quot; and still love each other as  much they did before the curse. And, if you are a Matthew Broderick Fan, he  is diffently hot in this one!  It's a must see movie!
0451191153|4.0|Ayn Rand's Fountainhead has confused me. I've just finished reading it for the second time, a year after I read it first. It has confused me simply in the fact that I don't understand my own reaction to it. I loved the book  both times, no doubt. But the more carefully I read and re-read passages,  the more I hate what the characters are saying--ALL of them, protagonists  and antagonists alike. I still love the book, but Raynd's philosophy bores  me with its pretentiousness, and her description of Toohey and his  followers is far too simplistic- he's written so blatantly evil that the  reader is insulted...Did Raynd think we wouldn't pick up on his wiles if  she didn't spell it out for us this way? And, strangely enough, the book  has made me somehow more aware and embracing of my religion, instead of  shunning it as one would expect to be affected by the book. I'd say  everyone should read this book; it affects the way you think about things.  But I don't think it has the effect on all people that Raynd necessarily  wanted. In shamelessly plugging her own philosophy and attempting to win  people over to it, she has contradicted the very things for which is  purports to stand, leaving a funny taste in my mouth...I don't know. Like I  said, I'm confused.
B000031WD9|1.0|I did not know one could write, produce and especially direct a film like this one. The accumulation of unbearable (I hope this film does not reflect the average American suburban precollege teen) nonsense is hardly  imaginable. I am really sorry about those people who liked this film and  especially two things:  a. the dichotomy between explicit verbal sex and  the absolute absence of any realistic love scene (I would be very  astonished if every single American teen is negotiating his First Time like  this).  b. the stereotypical image of the east-European girl. Although  Nadia was really amazing (but a bit too solarium burnt and silicon breasted  for being a Check or Slovakian girl (note for the scriptwriter: there is no  Checkoslovakia any more), I wonder why she was the only one who had to get  naked (and no American girl or guy)!  Well that's it. Thanks for reading  and sorry for those who might like the film.
B000002L9M|5.0|Wow! <br />I used to love Black Celebration about 14 years ago (when I was only ten years old) and it's only now that I've been able to pick up the CD once again and relate to the messages in this music. Perhaps it may  superficially come across as a dark tale of desperation of death, but if  you give this album a deep listen, it is all about one man's tender  devotion to the woman that he loves.<br />Having been disappointed in  Violator, I highly recommend Black Celebration as Depeche Mode's best album  of all time!
B00000K19E|5.0|I mean come on people! .....if you have seen this movie at the theaters then there is no freakin reason not to buy this title on DVD.  I bought a DVD player specifically for this title!   What I realized was  that this was way more than just an incredible film.....It was a  masterpiece.  This DVD delivers information on how such a great movie was  made, plus so much info on the characters.  Give me a break! ......You  shouldnt even be reading this review, you should be buying it right  now......SO CLICK THAT LITTLE BUTTON....AND BUY!
0425170349|5.0|One of the most thrilling and action-packed books I have read so far.You will not be able to put this one down. Exciting from the beginning to the end. For me Tom Clancy reaches John Le Carr's level with this one.
630438551X|3.0|This is a clever, well done adaption of the bard's most famous love story.  Fast paced, with a cast of rising stars, it is an absolutely accurate version of the text.     However, it does not do the play justice in many  ways, and first time Romeo and Juliet viewers would be better watching one  of the more traditional versions, in order to view the story as Shakespeare  saw it.   In spite of this, it is a very clever adaption, and quite worth  spending a couple of hours on.
B00001OH7X|5.0|I was very surprised the first time I heard Lodger (right after I bought the CD). These songs are not &quot;OK&quot; as expressed in a David Bowie book I have, but wonderful! His talent shines in every one of these songs!  Get it before it's too late!
0792140346|5.0|this movie is fantastic it goes through many aspects of our corrupted world.Believe me in this movie clearly shows us nothing is how it seems, you'll see this by ed norton's fantastic caracter as the accused killer of  the area's most respected priests he shows you his fantastic ability  through out the entire movie but it just hit you at the end . Not to metion  Richard Gere's fantastic performance as the hot shot lawer who defends the  accused. Bottom line you got to see this movie
B00001OH7O|5.0|This is Bowie as we know him. His great pop songs of the '70s is what David Bowie what he is today. All fans of classic rock have this one in their CD collection. I urge the ones who don't, to get this ASAP. These  songs are what made the 1970's so great.
6304117272|5.0|All I can say about this film is that a) it is *wonderful* and b) that you really need to see the director's cut to fully appreciate it!  Cameron is a wonderful storyteller with a fantastic cast, and one cannot help but be  awestruck by both story and actors.  Ed Harris and Maestrantonio work  splendidly together, which only serves to augment a brilliant  thot-provoking story all the more.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a great CD. The classics by Metallica, like One, Sad But true, The call of the Ktulu, have been reworked with the SFSO beautifly. It's a great over all CD.
0312853238|5.0|I was at my aunt's house last year and I picked up Ender's game. When I was about 7 I loved Star Trek but I hadn't enjoyed sci-fi in years. I started to read Ender's game and I finished it in about 3 days. It was one  of the best books I have ever read. It delved into physical conflict in the  case of the Bugger Wars, emotional conflict with Ender's problems with  Peter, and psychological conflict with Ender's video game. The book is well  written and leaves you wanting more. The surprising twists and clever plot  make this book perfect for the sci-fi lover or someone who finds the future  interesting. Anyone can read this book and I suggest that you do.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets was the second CD I purchesed, (The first was And Justice For All...). This is one of the bands best work, although their earliest. My personal Fav, is Metal Militia.
0425170349|3.0|I also haven't read the book.  BUT, I have played the video game.  Not too shaby.  Not a Q2, but not a bomb either.
0446525537|4.0|This is the first book by Mr Sparks that I have read and I could not put it down.  Although the tale is drippingly sweet, and the moral point delivered rather bluntly, the writing is beautiful.  Landon tells us this  story in beautiful prose tha really got to me emotionally.  I am not one to  really cry when reading a novel (except &quot;A Prayer for Owen  Meany&quot;) but I was crying my eyes out on my commuter train.<br />I look  forward to reading Sparks other works
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Alot of reviewers say that the offspring have changed from punk to pop.This cd is good anyway. Smash and Inxay are different but almost as good. The first one i got was Americana then smash then inxay. Its worth  the money because theres only one bad song, pay the man. My favorites are  the kids arent alright and why dont you get a job. The kind of music on  americana is fine but their stering in the wrong direction. This and Ixnay  are the best yet!
B000002U6E|5.0|Cross of changes is another masterpiece of music, sound and rhytmetic flow from enigma. The only knock I have is that the cd's are not nearly long enough.  Cross of changes is both mellow and driving at the same  time....one minute lulling you into a trance and the next putting you up on  your feet with it's solid beat and guitar riffs.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I like this cd because blink rocks. Its better than dude ranch.BUY IT! Its worth the money even if you have to pay 20.00 for it. Get it today before it sells out.
B00001MXWX|4.0|This is a pretty good movie, how ever it lacks the excitment of First Contact or Generations.  I think that this is all in all a movie  to watch if your a sci-fi fan of any type.
630280082X|4.0|got bummed today when it is no longer at my videomart; this is an eye-opener for a casual blues fan, showing the earthy birthplace of the blues, brought into a contemporary story. the sounds generated in the film  are inspiring and it should be required viewing for anyone remotely  interested in the blues or to serve as an introduction for someone you'd  LIKE to be interested in the blues.  this is a film you do want to see  again and again; the more you know about the basis of the story, the more  you will get out of it. ralph has certainly grown up, hasn't he?
B000001DTM|5.0|For two albums U2 abandoned the romanticism and hope of its '80s style and embraced the darkest corners of industrial and techno approaches -- and came up with two of its most memorable works:  Achtung Baby and  Zooropa.<br />Zooropa was a more extreme expression of this direction, but  Achtung Baby was a much more satisfying work -- U2's best album, combining  the innovations and sound-moulding technologies that would shape U2 in the  '90s with traces of the guitar glory that the band excelled at in the '80s.   Where Pop and Zooropa lacked in humanity and warmth, Achtung Baby  delivered aplenty -- the aching, restrained longing in &quot;One&quot;; the  luscious sensuality of &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;; the tingling fear  behind the deadpan narrative of &quot;Until the End of the World&quot; --  it's the musical equivalent of 1984, with U2 a numbed (witness  &quot;Acrobat&quot; and &quot;The Fly&quot;), amused (&quot;Zoo  Station&quot; and &quot;Even Better Than the Real Thing&quot; offer up some  much-needed humour) but still human observer to a society being wrapped in  wires and sent into the age of machinery.  The tension between the robotic  and the organic makes Achtung Baby an endlessly fascinating listen, without  sacrificing the heart for intellectual meanderings the way Pop and Zooropa  threaten to do.<br />A towering '90s classic.
6302869390|5.0|i've wanted a copy of this video for years. just<br />purchased cd and want very much to purchase this<br />video!   anyone with an idea please respond.
B0000028UK|5.0|This is my favorite PJ album.  Although they arn't as good as nirvana they are increadable. Unfortunitly though, in a world where kiddy pop rules,PJ,along with most great grunge bands, no longer get the respect they  deserve.  The only bad song on the album is blood.
0440234743|4.0|This book, like many others of Grisham's, is excellent.  Like The Street Lawyer, there is heavy action in the first few pages that gets your attention.  However, unlike the street lawyer, in The Testament the action  continues strongly throughout the entire book.  This book read extremely  fast for me, and was very very interesting.  If you enjoyed any other of  Grisham's books, you'll love this one!
0767802772|5.0|I absolutly loved it!  It was so cute and whoever do the casting did an awesome job!  I watch it over and over again.
0140185232|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite books. I've read it about ten times. Maugham is fantastic and the story keeps you enthralled. After reading the book I just want to go sit up on a hill for awhile. Upanishads here I come.
B000002BSG|5.0|Spacey-sounding synths, Jay Kay's unique vocal style, and bangin' basslines to boot. Obviously, Jay Kay's most commercial and appreciated album. I have a certain bias for this album over the others because it was my introduction to Jamiroquai, but I rank it #3. The critics scoff at Jay Kay, but they couldn't do any better. I enjoy this kinda acid jazz and I believe that it just as good as anything that's mainstream. Highlights include the smash-hit &quot;Virtual Insanity&quot;, the spacey &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; the dark &quot;Use The Force,&quot; the movable &quot;Alright,&quot; and the quicky title track &quot;Travelling Without Moving.&quot; This is the album that broke them into popularity in America, and hopefully will be remembered and appreciated for being just an all-around, feel-good acid jazz album.
B000001FDK|5.0|This is a great CD.  Not only is the movie great, but so is the music.  I love all the songs, especially &quot;We Go Together&quot;, &quot;Look At Me I'm Sandra Dee&quot;, and &quot;You're The One That I Want.&quot;  All the  cast are good singers, and they put so much character into the songs.  For  example, during &quot;Summer Nights&quot;, the T-Birds and Pink Ladies have  nice voices but still manage to stay in their characters.  Five big stars!
B00000IJPU|5.0|It's just fantastic. Hallowed be thy name is absolutely mind-blowing
6303332609|5.0|The goofiest movie I've ever seen, not counting Eraserhead.  Great bad acting.  Terrific effects, especially the bus stop scene.
B000007SIN|5.0|If you're looking to purchase a DTS music CD, this should be your first! &quot; hey ninteen,time out of mind &amp; my favorite, third world man&quot; is a music lovers smorgasborg! the 3D sound is so life like, you  might feel you're at the recording studio. all music CD,s should be made  this way!
B000031WD9|2.0|If you think that's a recommendation, you will probably enjoy this obvious and amateurish movie. The second star is for Eugene Levy's funny performance as the the lead idiot's father, and for the storyline about the  jock-turned-singer which was the only interesting part of the plot.  Fast  Times at Ridgemont High is still the best in this genre.
B000002LPD|5.0|Words can not describe the power of this album. From the drill sound in the beginning of pouncake and the hard driving force behind judgement day, to the heavy drum beat of pleasure dome and slick guitar work of dream is  over, this cd has it all for metal fans. Sammy's voice has to be one of the  greatest rock vices of our time. Roth could not even imagine hitting the  notes that Hagar did in any of this era VH albums. Carnal Knowledge  blisters your ears the way a good metal/hard rock cd should. Highly  recommend
B000001Y5X|4.0|In 1994, Marilyn Manson and The Spooky Kids, an industrial-metal band from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, with a penchant for performance art, signed a deal with Trent Reznor's Nothing Records, dropped the \\"Spooky Kids\\" moniker, and with Reznor behind the scenes, produced their proper debut, \\"Portrait Of An American Family.\\" Obviously conjuring up comparisons to Nine Inch Nails, the band got a rocky start, and it wasn't until later that they truly broke through and took the world by storm. However, \\"Portrait Of An American Family\\" is worth noting, not only for it's harsh lyrical content, but for the imagery and controversy associated with it.<br /><br />Opening with the Willy Wonka inspired introduction, \\"Prelude (The Family Trip),\\" \\"Portrait Of An American Family\\" doesn't let up for one single second. Now classic songs such as \\"Cake And Sodomy,\\" \\"Get Your Gunn\\" and \\"Lunchbox\\" not only abuse your ear-drums, but they have become the cause of much controversy, further adding to the snuff factor of the album. This is the sort of album that if you owned it as a teenager in the 90's, you more than likely hid it under your bed. It's almost a taboo, and I'm sure Manson wanted it that way. Through and through, it remains an exciting and titilating (always wanted to use that word)album. \\"Dope Hat\\" remains a highlight, with it's military march beat and self-referential lyrics that put you in the mouth of madness, into the eyes of Marilyn himself. \\"Sweet Tooth\\" is probably the most traditional and reflective song of the album, paving the way for future songs such as \\"Man That You Fear\\" and \\"Coma White.\\"<br /><br />To this day, despite all Manson and his cohorts have explored, this album remains their rawest and most brutal. Despite it's raw nature, however, it's a surprisingly well produced, and competent effort. It has that element of uber-rebellion, but underneath it all are some really strong songs, with a charismatic, often intimidating frontman at the helm. Obviously the best had yet to come for Manson, but if you want a glimpse at what a band starving for attention, doing something unique at the time sounds like, \\"Portrait Of An American Family\\" is just the ticket.best had yet to come for Manson, but if you want a glimpse at what a band starving for attention, doing something unique at the time sounds like, \\"Portrait Of An American Family\\" is just the ticket.
B000002L99|5.0|Sammy Hagar's first album with his new band...and its a #1 hit maker. Sammy not only improved an already stellar career, but saved Van Halen. His vocal range is far superior than Roth, his ability to play guitar while  Eddie played keyboards was a great addition. Not too mention it was nice to  get back to good old fashion hard rock. Tracks like Good Enough, summer  nights, best of both worlds are classic rockers. and get up is a typical  80's headbangers tune. 5150 is a must for any hard rock fan of the 80's.
6302038308|4.0|I am unable to compare the film with the original as I have yet to see it, but I was very impressed with Evil Dead 2. It has a unique and outrageous  sense of humour. Seeing Ash stumbling around with his girlfriends  decapitated head attached to knuckles was truly funny and I can well  understand the references to the three stooges comedy. Special effects were  pretty low budget and really exagerated so as to poke fun at the horror  genre. Well worth watching.
B0000399WI|3.0|Maltin's review is correct - its predictable - theres another bad prison movie with an overwrought good white guy (Tom Hanks) and Black Guy with a heart of gold out called the Thin Green Line - its called Formula Folks!  I  saw this in the theatre first and was very dissapointed, i saw the DVD and  I saw no reason to change my opinion.
1558908498|4.0|Scream 2 is not as good the original but atleast Willliamson and Craven are intelligent enough to acknowledge that few to no films surpass the original . The intelligent commentary on horror films is still used but the  film has a less original plot. Despite this, I still found the film very  entertaining.
6305003882|2.0|The first mistake was setting this movie in the present rather than the 60's. The juxtaposition of Carroll's confined claustrophobic catholic world vs. the allure of the street and heroin isnt that shocking in the context  of todays headlines. This could have been an interesting movie but instead  it retreads predictable junkie themes, withdrawals and rehabilitation in an  insincere and forced way.
6304675348|5.0|Scream sees the revival of the slasher films which were born in the 70s and then stagnated in the 80s due to a lack of new ideas. The film provides a brilliant and ironic commentary on horror films, which the horror veteran  Wes Craven then turns on it's head to make the film something different  from other slasher flicks. Besides it's scripted commentary there are the  not so obvious comments that the more experienced horror fan will  appreciate (such as where have I heard the name &quot;Loomis&quot;  before?). Keep your eyes open for an appearance by Craven as the school  janitor; perhaps a tip of the hat to Hitchcock's cameo in  &quot;Psycho&quot;. Also notice the dirty striped red and green jumper  Cravens wearing! All in all it provides a brilliant and entertaining film  that is a must for all horror fans.
B00000DC4A|3.0|OK.  I admit it.  I am old.  I was 12 when I bought Bryan Adams's new album &quot;Cuts Like A Knife&quot; (his best work up to this point).  <br />&quot;Reckless&quot;, &quot;Into the Fire&quot;, and &quot;Waking up the  Neighbours&quot; were all fine efforts by Adams.  However, they never  reached the level of &quot;Cuts Like A Knife&quot;.  <br />Then, after  &quot;Waking up the Neighbours&quot;, Adams started producing slow, sappy  love songs for movies and such.  Gone were the rocking classics like  &quot;Cuts like a Knife&quot; and &quot;Summer of 69&quot;.  To add to his  disgrace in the music world, he produced &quot;18 til I die&quot;.  I  promptly sent that CD back to Bryan Adams' fan club addressed as mere  garbage.  <br />Admittedly, I am not a fan of today's alternative and popular  music scene.  I have to hunt and peck for a good 80s only radio station via  the Internet or the standard radio.  Perhaps, Adams is trying to appeal to  today's younger audience and forgetting about his first fans.  <br />Now,  after listening to the audio samples by Amazon.com.  I am buying this  album.  This will be Adams' last opportunity to convince he is back to his  old form from the 1980s and early 1990s.  If he fails me again and reverts  back to the alternative and slow, sappy sound, I will have to recycle his  old albums once again and just enjoy the memories of when Bryan Adams knew  how to rock.
0783232039|5.0|I picked up this movie expecting a cheesy sequal but upon watching it I found it to be unlike most sequals and was actually good. Actually it was brilliant!  Horror would be the wrong word to decribe it as it was a gory  film with an amazing and twisted sense of humour. The plot wore a little  thin in parts, but the humour kept it fresh and interesting throughout.  Visual effects were incredible, my personal favourite being the one where a  pleasant young man gets splattered by a truck. Pure magic!
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson has become a better writer and story teller since Snow Crash. The agile leaps around in time, as well as around the world, are as enthralling as his technothrillers, but better glued-together. This is the  best book I've read in a very long time. It held my attention throughout  (well, OK, I skimmed pretty quickly through some of the math explanations),  and like another reviewer, was disappointed when it ended. If you like  mysteries, treasure hunts, WW2 stories, cynical but endearing (and  extremely well-developed) characters, computer history, cryptology, any or  all of the above, you will love this book. The only problem I had with the  book was numerous typos--don't they have good proofreaders for this stuff?
0899668585|5.0|I started out with the audiobook version but had to switch over to the book because one of the tapes was damaged.  The story in either format was spellbinding and thought-provoking. This book illustrates how the innocent  deductive reasoning of children can reveal the most formidable behaviors of  society as nothing other than acts driven by ignorance.
B000031WD9|5.0|Out of all the high school movies that came out this year; such as, 10 Things I Hate About You, Never Been Kissed, She's All That, Can't Hardly Wait and others, this was the best. It was also the most vulgar (the others  being PG-13). The humor kept me attentive all through the movie, especially  being in a movie theater where everyone is laughing. There was great  character development in all the characters. Each had something you can  relate with. The biggest disappointment to me was the difference between  the rated R version and the unrated version. It was very minimal; in fact,  it was only the pie scene. But if you're going to buy one, you might as  well get the unrated version.
6302150930|1.0|This past semester I had to read Tess for an English class assignment.  In addition to reading the book each day we also watched the movie that corresponded to our chapter readings.<br />This movie is about a girl who  supposedly gets &quot;raped&quot; by Alec d'Urberville.  (This is open to  debate of course.)  After she gets raped all she does is complain about her  circumstances.  (Kind of reminds me of Job, always complaining about one's  circumstances.  Too bad Viktor Frankl wasn't around in Tess' England.)<br />A  few years ago I viewed this same version and did not know what the heck was  going on because I had not read the book.  Just after we had finished the  novel I was channel surfing and I stumbled upon the A&amp;E version of  Tess.  In Polanski's version there is no narration, you MUST know the story  (i.e. read the boring book, or an easier way, just read the Cliff Notes).  In A&amp;E's version there is a narrator that talks you through some of the  novel, so that you know what is happening.  A&amp;E clarified my many  misunderstandings about Tess so much that I got a &quot;A&quot; on my essay  about the book.<br />I would not reccommend viewing, let alone buying, this  copy without having read the novel first.  You just miss out on so many  important details, such as Prince.<br />If you really want to own a version of  Tess, then I higly reccommend A&amp;E's version.  It is updated and its  film and sound quality are so much better.
6300215717|4.0|There was a time in the movies when people could fall in love and romance without having to get naked.  Not that I mind pretty naked people onscreen: quite the contrary; but how wonderful to have a story able to focus on the  fun and excitement (&quot;A League of Their Own&quot; was like this too)  without needing to resort to nudity.  This would be a great movie for kids  who might like faraway places and romance.  But how real was the iciness at  that press conference at the end?<br />But there could have been a sequel!   Hepburn and Peck could have stayed in touch through letters and etc. even  as they pursued their own lives and without falling into an affair a la  Buckingham Palace.  Or do I see a remake reuniting Gwynneth Paltrow and  John Hannah from &quot;Sliding Doors&quot;?
B000002GDJ|4.0|In sharp contrast to much of the light-sounding music from the Police's debut album, Outlandos d'Amour, their follow-up album is generally much more serious and a little more depressed.  The band focuses more on the  instrumental side of the music in this album as opposed to their debut,  which exclusively focused on the actual songwriting.  &quot;Message in a  Bottle&quot; is the best early-Police song, and &quot;Walking on the  Moon&quot; and &quot;Bring on the Night&quot; added to that make this album  easily worth getting.  Another excellent song on this CD is the more  commonly overlooked &quot;The Bed's Too Big Without You.&quot;  You will  never find this song on a best hits album, nor will you find it among their  top-selling hits of all time, but it is one of the Police's best songs,  second best on this album.  Instrumental title track is also a good effort,  but much of the rest of the album lacks the intensity and depth of those  songs already mentioned.  This remains an album well worth getting
0802130208|5.0|Add my name to the list of five-star reviewers. Ignatius is not disgusting, as some have written, he is real. His brilliant mind trapped in a capitalist world is what makes the story so hilarious, and so sad. A man  whose valve slams shut, whose hands break out in white bumps, who is told  to shut up when he plays his music, and who tries to help the downtrodden  around him despite continually failing, is a good man indeed. I'm not sure  I would like Ignatius if I were to meet him -- not sure that I'd pass the  scrutiny of his gimlet eyes -- but I'm glad he exists on paper to point out  some of the craziness in our world. I like to think that he and Myrna live  happily and hilariously ever after in New York, and that Toole has found  peace. The dunces may have been in confederacy against the book's initial  publication, but the thinkers have formed a confederacy of support around  this shining story.
B000002KEV|4.0|Deep Purple's &quot;Made in Japan&quot; is easily the best recorded live performance I have ever heard.  I only recently became interested in Deep Purple, and after I bought &quot;Machine Head&quot; (and loved it) I was  hesitant to buy &quot;Made in Japan&quot; because it was so much a  duplication of &quot;Machine Head.&quot;  But when I finally bought the  album and listened to it I realized that the songs from &quot;Machine  Head&quot; actually sounded BETTER than they did on the original album!   They're not as clean-cut as they were originally, but the added volume and  the rugged brilliance of the production (plus an extra flare from Ritchie  Blackmore's solos) put the cuts over the top.  Any Deep Purple collection  would be incomplete without this album, even if you don't like live  material and you already have the albums that originally featured these  songs.  The only reason this album only gets four stars is because I didn't  really like the non-&quot;Machine Head&quot; songs as much as the songs  originally on MH that were left out.
0141301066|5.0|Matilda is about a girl neglected by her parents, they are against her education and send her to a terible school. There, Matilda finds a surprisingly wonderful teacher who Matilda ends up respecting more than her own parents. But Miss. Honey has a secret....
6305064490|5.0|I'm sure you know the story, so I'll just talk about the DVD.  Overall, the quality is an order of magnitude better than what you see on TV.  I actually did an A-B comparison with a live broadcast (flipping back and  forth every few seconds).  The DVD is much brighter and sharper giving a  more 3 dimensional image.  There are a few spots where the digital  processing added some artifacts in the form of a few white specks, but all  in all its well done. you also get the original trailer ( no wonder it was  not a big hit - the trailer totally missed the real story line) and 2  features talking about the making of &amp; history of the movie.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter, a baby boy, a supposed great wizard is left at his aunt and uncle's house. Soon, an invitation comes, from a place where you fly on broomsticks, meet ghosts, and play a sport called Quidditch. But Harry  intervens with the plans of the Dark Lord-Voldemort. With Harry's limited  wizarding skills, can he do it? It is a test of courage, and the support of  his newly found friends. What makes this book especially great is his human  qualities, even though he is a wizard. Enjoy, and soon YOUR greatest wish  will be to go to Hogwarts.
B000006I14|5.0|This film is probably the scariest vampire film I have ever watched. Every time I saw Max Schreck on the screen, I backed up from my seat. His pantomimic gestures and his eerie expressions sent a chill down my bones  whenever he used his talent. Max's performance as the undead Count Dracula,  in my opinion, is the most gothic and overules, Lugosi, Lee, Langella, and  Oldman. However, I'm not suprised. Back in 1922, the Germans were the  masters of horror!
0767802659|1.0|I mean, these bugs are located about 1/4 around the galaxy andthe &quot;brain bugs&quot; just shoot them toward Earth and they gethere in about a month!  Voyager travels at around 413 times the speed of light and it's going to take them about 70 years to reach the Alpha Quadrant if they just used warp drive.  They should have named this movie &quot;Beverly Hills 90210 Goes to Space.&quot;.  If you like cheesy plots, and shallow characters, this is THE movie for you. About the only thing missing was Jim Varney (Ernest P. Worell) as a Starship Commander.  Yeah, the satire was obvious in the &quot;propaganda news&quot; clips, but I really don't think intentionally making a movie this bad makes it a &quot;great movie&quot;. Save you money and save yourself; don't watch this movie.
0887307396|2.0|I found the one chapter in the book on Cults and Culture to be compelling, but overall this was an unbelievably boring and repetitive work, with little or no substantive research on the control groups used to compare  visionary and non-visionary companies.  I think I got their point of clock  building, not time telling the first time they used the metaphor.  I found  myself getting extremely frustrated with the repetitive reference to simple  observations through out their study: Preserve the core, stimulate  progress, blah, blah, blah...<br />A MUCH better book on which type of  companies will succeed in the new age of the service based economy is The  Profit Zone.  It takes many of the same companies mentioned in Built to  Last and does much better job of describing why some succeed and some fail.   The chapter on GE is especially illuminating.  The Profit Zone is a  methodology based book; Built to Last is more of an excercise in aphorisms  with the exception of one remarkable chapter on organizational cultures  (chapter six, Cult-Like Cultures). I guess having one original observation  is a BHAG for just about any business book.
B000001EHS|5.0|I was in my mid-twenties when Hysteria hit the charts. The music was thrillingly lush and bombastic. It was, to my mind, the most thoroughly captivating and listenable rock music I had heard since Cheap Trick's  earliest efforts. The legacy of Def Leppard's talent and energy continues  with The Vault. Unlike many flash-in-the-pan rock bands of the 80's, Def  Leppard truly has survived the machinations of time. While purists may  argue over which songs should or should not have made the final cut, I  suggest that both die-hard Def Leppard fans and those curious enough to  listen for the first time buy The Vault, which provides a satisfying  mixture of the band's very best efforts over the last fifteen years. From  the dizzyingly erotic heights of &quot;Photograph,&quot;  &quot;Animal,&quot; and &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot; to the heartachy,  angst-ridden depths of &quot;Love Bites,&quot; &quot;When Love and Hate  Collide&quot; and &quot;Miss You In A Heartbeat,&quot; Def Leppard's  greatest hits delivers an amazing, captivating ride. It is truly a  collection for the new millennium.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is really a good one! I have even met Santana while on vacation in Maui.  They are wonderful and really spirited, the CD is wonderful! Buy it and you will not be disappointed. Santana Rules!
6304259093|4.0|You really have to be a Crow fan to like this one. (Not a Brandon Lee fan) I think most people went to see this movie because of the Brandon Lee hype that it had to follow.  They forgot that this truly does follow along with  the story line.  The Crow isn't the same person everytime.  I don't think  it would have worked to use Brandon Lee as Ash because it is always  confusing to use the same actor in a sequal if it isn't the same character  being played, and with Lee's untimely death, it prevented that from ever  becoming a problem.  They needed someone new and fresh, Vincent Perez  worked just fine.  He was the outraged spirit out to seek revenge and is  distracted by the, now grown, lovely Sara.  This falls in very well with  the Crow idea.  The music is harsh, but fits the content of the movie very  well.  I have seen worse video-like movies.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is really a good one! I have even met Santana while on vacation in Maui.  They are wonderful and really spirited, the CD is wonderful! Buy it and you will not be disappointed. Santana Rules!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|There is no question that this is one of the most powerful and influential bands to come along in quite some time. The marriage of the rage of rap with the power of true rock can now be experienced through this brilliant  work.    Now speaking of brilliant works,doc in sale creek,TN: The only  thing that you said in your review that was the least bit coherent was to  buy the Beastie boys box set.As for U2 (who's older music I still  appreciate) and politics,one only needs to see Bono performing at the White  house FOR the president to see how far out of touch millions of dollars can  put you.A word of advice, leave the reviews of serious music to the people  that can understand the concept of artistic expression,namely people on the  east or west coast.The last thing that I remember coming out of TN.was  uh..... That guy that had the Beatles spied on by Nixon and Hoover,What was  his name...oh yeah...elvis. NEED I SAY MORE?
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is really a good one! I have even met Santana while on vacation in Maui.  They are wonderful and really spirited, the CD is wonderful! Buy it and you will not be disappointed. Santana Rules!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I had just about given up on the music industry after the late 70's .I grew up during the years of the &quot;hair bands&quot; in the 80's and grunge in the 90&quot;s... finally a band that really carries the torch of  all the great bands from the late 60&quot;s and early 70&quot;s   This is  easily one of the greatest pieces of music to come along in conservatively  speaking 15 years (realistically speaking 20 years.)
B000002BQK|5.0|i think that this is mariah's best alubum yet. rainbow is a disappointment. but i would recomend this album to every person in the world.                          peace out
B00000J7JO|3.0|My title says it all. A good album but it just does not compare to the classic 'Blood Sugar Sex Magic'. 'BSSM' has stayed in my regular listening CD collection for 8 years now, but I can't see 'Californication' doing more  than 2.
B000002572|5.0|This is the first album I ever bought and is still one of the BEST rock albums of all time.  Why Rolling Stone magazine didn't rate it in their top 50 albums of all time is beyond me.  Tom Scholtz (forgive if I spelled the  last name wrong) and Brad Delp and the other band members were clearly  years ahead of their time when they recorded this album.  From &quot;More  Than a Feeling&quot; to &quot;LongTime&quot; this whole recording is a  non-stop journey of awesome songs one right after another.  This album is  just as fresh and amazing now as it was when it was released in 1976!  Any  fan of Rock-n-Roll will not I repeat NOT be dissapointed in this classic  album!
B000005QH3|5.0|For all of you car fanatics out there, especially Mopar fans, this is a movie you should not miss.  The movie leaves a lot to the imagination, with little spoken words.  The soundtrack just compliments this even more.   Barry Newman does an incredible job as Kowlaski, a former race car driver  hopped up on speed, driving his 70 Dodge Challenger from Denver to Cisco  California in 12 hours.  There is just one thing that I cannot figure out:   is the Challenger a 440 or a Hemi car?  If you are a die hard Mopar fan,  you may be able to answer this one!  This is a must see!
0790729709|5.0|This was a great first-date movie! Both guys and gals will love the music and the storyline. Since Kevin Costner cannot act to save his life, he is perfectly cast in the bodyguard role. Although I was not previously a fan  of Whitney Houston, this movie definitely boosts both her singing and  acting appeal for me. Rent it or buy it!
B00003003R|4.0|Guns &amp; Roses still the best Rock band that ever lived.  Axl Rocks with his vocals and Slash just sounds great with his riffs.  A great live CD and even better a great live band.  A must have CD if your a GNR lover.
1567302017|3.0|The first time I saw this movie I came away with a disquieting feeling that if someone other than Claude Lanzmann had made Shoah, it would have been one of the great cinematic documents of our times.  This is a story  that desperately needed to be told, and Lanzmann's dogged efforts in making  the filem should be highly commended.  It is moving, thought-provoking, and  at times astonishing in its impact.  But that impact, for me, was spoiled  by having Lanzmann, Lanzmann, Lanzmann, etc. <br />I recently went back to  view Shoah after reading Ron Rosembaum's Explaining Hitler. It was a  difficult experience after learning what an egotistical, arrogant,  incredibly narcissitic man Lanzmann apparently is--an individual who  self-righteously eschews using archival footage in his film, but stages his  own scenes.  That the film succeeds in its power is a tribute to the  survivors of the Shoah who are the focus of the film.  If Lanzmann could be  edited out of film to a great degree, this would be a five-star movie.   Even as it is, no one who truly wants to understand the enormity of the  Shoah should miss this viewing experience.  But please remember that this  is not the only Shoah story--there are other voices to be heard, other  films that have been made and will be made that deserve our attention  (Night and Fog, and Schindler's List, for example). We don't need to  conclude, as Lanzmann does, that after his film, the issue is closed.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is and awesome CD. Just the mix of the orchestra instruments and the elecric basses and guitars gives the songs some awesome character! I highly recommend this CD
6304362498|5.0|This is an incredible adaption of Orwells novel.I saw the movie first,then read the book,which helped fill in some loose ends.I have become obsessed with all aspects of this film.Being only 15 years of age,you would think I  would find this movie boring but I found it to be a most refreshing  rendition of our future world.
B000002BE9|1.0|Fiona sounds ridiculously stupid singing these songs in her low, monotone, dragging voice.  Her vocals are awful.  She can't sing- she has no range.  I can't remember a single word- just uuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhh, bluuuuuuuuuuuhhhh,  duuuuuuuuuuh, blaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, uuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh!
B000002AVF|5.0|DAYDREAM is by far, in my opinion, Mariah's best album (including RAINBOW, BUTTERFLY, #1's etc.) I think there is not one disappointment on this album (apart from One sweet Day which is great but gets tedious... you would  think after the record-breaking 16 consecutive wekks at #1 in USA; still  the record!) Highlights include &quot;Fantasy&quot;, &quot;Underneath The  Stars&quot;, &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot;, &quot;I Am Free&quot;,  &quot;When I Saw You&quot;, &quot;Long Ago&quot;, &quot;Melt Away&quot;,  &quot;Daydream&quot; and &quot;Looking In&quot;. Wait a minute... I just  recited the whole tracklisting minus three songs! I really can't say my  favourites; they're all so great! If I had to, i'd say tracks 2,5,8 and 11.  If you like her other stuff, this will definitely not disappoint you, it  will probably uplift you.
B00000IPAX|5.0|1 OF THE BEST C.D.'S I HAVE.IF POSSIBLE I WOULD GIVE IT 6 STARS.SO GO OUT AND BUY THIS.
B000002L82|5.0|contrary to Amazon's review it does NOT contain Blue Monday - though the truth is that Blue Monday would have taken away from the utter perfection that this album is
B000002IAS|1.0|I had the good fortune to see several Delaney &amp; Bonnie concerts in the early 1970's, of which this was one.  It was one of the most stirring performances I have ever seen, and to this day, I still have seen or heard  nothing to match it.  I wore the grooves off of the original LP of this  Croydon concert with Eric Clapton.  However, the recording quality of this  CD copy is so poor as be unrecognizable relative to the original LP.
B00001QEE5|5.0|I can't add anything to the praise for this film.  If you love Disney films, this is considered one of the classics.  I just wish to briefly comment on the criticism of the lack of a widescreen version.  The first  widescreen film, The King and I, was released in 1956.  Previous to this  all films were full screen.  Peter Pan, released in 1953, and a good many  of the Disney classics are only available in full screen aspect.  This is  not the Pan and Scan alteration of an original Widescreen format.  The way  this film is presented on the DVD is the original aspect ratio; Nothing has  been altered.  I have seen this so called criticism leveled against many  Hollywood classics such as Casablanca, Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of  Oz.  Please, get off your high horse and stop whinning about how Disney or  whatever movie company is ripping you off.  None of these films ever had a  widescreen version to begin with.  Do a little research and you could be  content to enjoy these classics in the aspect ratio they were orginally  presented in.  Thats all I wish to say.
B000008H1R|1.0|Watch Out! This one has a problem with the disc pressing! It's not even Jethro Tull! Maybe once the record company realizes the mistake, they'll get replaced in a few weeks. The album itself, is one of their best (when  you actually get it).
B000021XS0|1.0|Scenes From a Memory is a blatent rip off of Queensryche's &quot;Operation:Midncrime&quot; crossed with Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;.  In fact, Mike Portnoy, the drummer, said himself in a radio  interview that this album was influenced by those two.  Rather than saying  these two albums influenced Scenes From a Memory, I would say the two  albums were mixed together and SFAM was the result.  Except that the themes  explored here aren't worth exploring.  The story line is uninteresting.  If  you are looking for good, interesting progressive rock, either get  Operation:Mindcrime, The Wall, or one of Dream Theaters other albums, not  this one.
6305627401|5.0|This is pretty much the funniest movie I have ever seen!   My sister and I watch it almost religiously...  at least once a week.  The songs in this side-splitting movie are catchier than most music out today!(and a lot  better, for that matter!)  One suggestion: watch the movie before you  buy...  it may be too much for you to handle.
B0000004V2|4.0|Believe it or not, I agree with BOTH the good reviews and bad reviews. From a pure entertainment standpoint, this is a 5-star album all the way. There is not a bad song on this album, or anything even close to a bad song. Extremely listenable and great from start to finish.<br />However...If you are talking about this album being a milestone in rock, or a groundbreaking classic, I must beg to differ. See, I'm an old Sixties fanatic. I have a huge, huge collection of Sixties albums and singles. In fact, music-wise, I guess I never really got my mind out of the Sixties. My heroes in the Seventies were Big Star. In the early Eighties, I got into the Paisley Underground bands like Rain Parade, The Salvation Army, and the Bangles. In the late Eighties and early Nineties, it was the Madchester scene with the Stone Roses, Inspiral Carpets, and Charlatans UK. And now in the late Nineties, I'm into the Elephant 6 bands like the Apples In Stereo and the Olivia Tremor Control.<br />So, the Stone Roses is right up my alley. Terrific stuff. But in the end, it's not groundbreaking at all, or even close to being groundbreaking. Sorry, but I've heard all of this before, in one way or another, in all of the older stuff I have. And if you're not convinced that the Stone Roses are ultimately very derivative, just listen to \\"Elizabeth My Dear\\" for pete's sake. It's \\"Scarborough Fair,\\" (itself derived from the traditional song Canticle) and that fact is not even acknowledged in the album credits. \\"Waterfall\\" sounds like the Byrds, \\"Don't Stop\\" is reminiscent of John Lennon's tape experiments (actually it is just \\"Waterfall\\" backwards, more or less), the latter half of \\"I Am The Resurrection\\" harkens back to Jimi Hendrix (but is not nearly as innovative as Hendrix) and to possibly the jam on \\"The End\\" by the Beatles, and so on.  All of this is quite derivative.<br />But hey, even though they are derivative, they certainly are deriving from some great sources. If you want a top-notch album in the vein of the classic Sixties shimmering psychedelic sound, then, as one of their songs goes, \\"This Is The One.\\"
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is great, and I don't get tired of it even when it is playing nearly 24 hours!  There isn't a song I don't like on this album!  It's easy to sing along to...  a must have!
0385484518|5.0|Simply put, this book changed my life.  It is a rare book that makes you sit back and evaluate your life and your priorities, but Tuesdays with Morrie is that rare book.  Everything I have done since reading Mitch  Albom's book has been colored in some way by the experience that he shared  with the world.  It's a wonderful book and a once-in-a-lifetime read.
B00000K2SE|5.0|Did anyone catch the Christian themes in this movie? Neo? the new man. Fishburne as the John the Baptst figure looking forThe One? Human beings viewing earth as a place of reality when, in actuality, it's a place of  deception. Surely you recognized the scene where Neo takes the pill &amp;  eventually bursts forth, hairless &amp; naked, as a new birth! The cosmic  battle &amp; the ability for evil to change its idenity at will is part of  real life as well.  Although not a religious movie, it is in a class far  above the Ten Commandments, Jesus of Nazareth, &amp; King of Kings genre.
031286504X|5.0|A spell binding read of one man's life of sorrow and loneliness, the eternal outsider.  One human in a world of vampires.
1856958000|4.0|This book is funny and good written. You get caught up really sometimes. If you are a new reader start with this book, since its the first. Although the second, The Light Fantastic, is better, this is a book well worth  reading!
0792153189|5.0|While Armageddon was just another plotless Bruce Willis vehicle, Deep Impact is a much more thoughtful and rich movie experience.  Unlike some other reviewers, I particularly enjoyed Tea Leoni's acting as a newswoman  who is given what is initally thought to be a clunker of a story by her  boss, played well by Laura Innes (ER).  This film has much stronger  character development than Armageddon, not to mention something that  Armageddon lacked entirely, namely a PLOT.  True, Morgan Freeman was  underutilized in this film, but then again, he was playing the President in  a movie that focused more on the people who discovered the asteroid and  broke the story than on the officical reaction to the comet.  It would be a  mistake to miss this movie.
B000021XS0|5.0|I assume that if you are not already familiar with Dream Theater's music you wouldn't be reading this.  What I can say quickly about this album is that it was the album that I always knew Dream Theater could make.<br />When I  started listening to DT I bought &quot;Images and Words&quot; and  immediately I was impressed with how hard it was while still being melodic.   My favorite band before that was Iron Maiden and after hearing the first  track of Images (&quot;Pull me Under&quot;) I knew that after 5+ years they  would be toppled.  I am a guitar player who has listened to all of the  shred bands, metal, etc... and I immediately fell in love with DT.<br />The  &quot;Awake&quot; album is very very good, the older live album from Europe  is good, &quot;A Change of Seasons&quot; is awesome, but I disliked  &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot;.<br />Scenes hits back with a ruthless  vengence.  The first time I listened to it I was driving to work and it  made me cry for about 5 minutes.  Whenever I play it on my stereo at home  it makes me cry about 3-4 times per spin.  It really is that good.   Everything good about their previous stuff has been incorporated.  On the  &quot;Awake&quot; album the Erotomania song is similar to the overture on  Scenes in that it introduces many of the main themes of the album (or song  trio in the case of &quot;Awake&quot;).  <br />John Petrucci is awesome on the  guitar.  Besides being a technical wizard on the guitar his musical tastes  are very similar to mine in that he likes all types of rock all the way up  to thrash metal riffing like Pantera (listen to Lie from Awake).  The song  &quot;Fatal Tragedy&quot; on Scenes is incredible because it is so hard but  at the same time still melodic.<br />The Steve Morse school of 1 note on  hellaciously distorted electric guitar = 1 power chord is adhered to in  many places, opening up a very different style of hard music because the  typical power chord is abandoned.
0060920386|5.0|Unputdownable. Highly detailed conversations provide fascinating insights into the minds of the corporate warriors. It also reveals how petty matters can decide our fates as investors. Entertaining anecdotes about personal  egos and one up-man-ship of the players make you feel disgusted at times.  The golden handshakes and parachutes have grown fatter since the days of  RJR Nabisco and yet the shareholders have been able to do nothing about it.  Proves the old adage: power corrupts and absolute power corrupts  absolutely.
B00000J7JO|5.0|you have to get this CD! all of the songs are great! if you don't already have it, get it now!
0380804557|1.0|I wanted to quit reading after only ten pages, but I kept at it until the end, hoping to see the good qualities in this book that the other reviewers see. I never did and I have to say that this is the most poorly-written novel that I can remember ever reading.<br />The most obvious problem is the  writing style. It is very plodding and pedantic, as though directed at  slow-witted children. Yet, very quickly on, one comes to a rather explicit  sex scene, making it very clear that this is NOT a children's book. There  are also occasional crudities that aren't even remotely cute.<br />Plot  development is extremely slow. Even without the sex and crudity the story  would not be good for reading to grade-school children. They would soon be  fidgeting with boredom.<br />There is a dearth of visual imagery. I think this  may be because Gaiman's background is in writing for comic books, where he  can rely on the illustrator to provide the visual details.<br />This is all a  matter of taste, but I really can't see how so many people can think so  highly of this book. Perhaps it the bandwagon effect, or dedicated fans of  Gaiman who came to this book already expecting to love it.
B000003JAY|5.0|ONE WORD: ROCK!  IF YOU LIKE ROCK, THIS IS THE CD TO HEAR! ROCK ON, MR. IDOL!
B00000K31V|5.0|An absolutely excellent movie! This was my first Cronenberg movie and I was not disappointed!  The Matrix &amp; eXistenZ was the best two movies last year! Buy this movie today!
B000031WD9|1.0|i had heard how funny this movie was and rushed to buy it on its release date. now i wish i could return it and get my money back. this was the biggest disappointment of 1999!
080017948X|5.0|I have watched this movie multiple times, and there is always something more to gain from it. Great philosophical insights embedded in terrific humor. Bill Murray at his best!
0790729989|4.0|damn... the movie was MAD.. but extremely full on... make sure your way over seven before seeing this one people.
0767835263|1.0|Please, don't waste your money and your time in this video. Will Smith certainly is the worst actor in the world and the film is horrible. Irch!
B0000025DD|5.0|This was a spectacular album. It is definitaley the  better out of the two albums he released. Every song was absolutley fantastic!  The songs were no wears near like any floyd song. The guitars weren't as processed and the  music didn't have as strange sound effects in the back. However, this is a  grade A album. I could stand here and say more, but I am not going to. All  I can say is this album rocks and do does David Gilmour
B000020617|5.0|This is an amazing cd. I also own the first cd by the foo fighters, and this one is better. Every song on the cd is good, and can be played straight through. Despite what some of the other reviews I have read have  said, I think that the Foo Fighters are a better and different band from  Nirvana. This is a good rock cd.
6302561841|5.0|A story about a man and the System (with big S). A life, a shedule &quot;from... - to...&quot;. A Machine and such stuped creature - a man. Who belongs to who? Who serves to who? Who is alive?
B0000203YT|5.0|I'm not sure why I waited to see this movie.  It was wonderful!  I am a new fan of both Gwyneth Paltrow and Joseph Fiennes.  I have no idea if this film is historical fiction, or biographical (I suspect the former), but it  doesn't matter.  The film has humor, romance, and incredible acting.  I  strongly recommend it!
0812551508|5.0|I decided to read Frankenstein over the Christmas holidays and like all other folk who love reading, I just couldn't put it down. How amazing, unfair and so different from today that a woman so young could undergo so  much heartbreak. For me it is essential to know the context the author was  living in so as to appreciate the book. She lost her mother, three  children, a husband and she herself only lived to fifty-three. It must have  been easy for her to imagine Frankenstein's suffering when the Creature  took his loved ones. Geneva is a spooky place in Winter with all those  &quot;angoissants&quot; mountains. I'm not surprised her own life and the  geographical location provided her with inspiration, all at the age of  nineteen! Let her work be a sign to all teenage writers and perhaps a  warning to those that write of Satanic creatures and God-replacing acts...
6303674984|5.0|Gettysburg is one of the best movies I have ever seen and one of the best Civil War movies ever. Most of the information is historically accurate, and the story line didn't change very much from the book. You may find the  fake beards odd, but most of teh extras facial hair is grown and real. I  strongly recommend this movie.
6305627347|5.0|If you can't handle swearing, if you can't get past being shocked, if you have no patience with song lyrics skip this movie -- it's wonderful and most of it's joy is in it's incredible music. Anyone who tells you this  movie is anything but brilliant suffers from being a stick in the mud with  no attention span.  It amazes me that anyone could sit through this movie  with any kind of intelligence and sense of humor and walk away NOT thinking  these guys are some of the most incisive and hilarious social critics of  our time. Plus it's funny. And if you don't find yourself humming a tune or  two afterwards you must have a tin ear. My kids (12 &amp; 15) adored it,  and they get the point of the story: the foolishness of prejudice, the  importance of accepting responsibility for your own kids, and the relative  harm to childen of being exposed to  violence vs. vulgar language summed up  so wonderfully by Kyle and the movie's end: &quot;See Mom, in the end it  was Cartman's filthy f**king mouth that saved us all...&quot; Also even if  your friend's Mom is a b**ch, you probably shouldn't sing about it on the  playground, no matter how funny your song is. Get it, watch it and watch it  again and again.  You'll love it if you have the capacity to understand it.
B000001G89|1.0|this piece is a typical case of Abbado's boring work. he sometime does impressive work such but you hardly see it. Carmen would be the ideal opera to start with but do not start with ordinary conductor. the best Carmen  shoud be the two versions of Karajan's. if you doubt my word, just try  listening both of them from this site.
B000002579|5.0|This and the first 3 Kansas albums, Kansas, Song for America and Masque and  are essential. Australia never knew this band, but fortunately I found them as a 13 year old with the release of this album. I bought it for the  artwork of the cover, and the music certainly delivered the goods also.
B000001GX8|5.0|I agree with previous review that this is not the best Figaro available but I'm very positive this is much much better than Guilini's one. Bohm knows how to play Mozart and how to construct great Opera. Guilini is good  mainly becaused of singers but we should thank producer for this. His tempo  is too sluggish. Just try some of the pieces from this site. You'll easily  see the difference of both of them.In my opinion, the must try Figaro are  Karajan's (London), Bohm's (this one) and E. Kleiber, (London). They will  convey you a beauty of Mozart.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|AN absolutely amazing and very emotional CD. The lyrics of this CD is very thought provoking but what i love the most is fiona's very distinct voice. all of the tracks are very well done but my personal favourites are on the  bound, to your love, get gone, i know, and my all time favourite song paper  bag. my only complaint is a small one: that it only has ten tracks! but  nontheless this is very worth buying. thank u for ur time.
B00000D9TQ|4.0|Once upon a time, I bought this album years after I digged listening to his Serious Hits album. The songs featured on Serious Hits Live are performed to a great extent without faltering. Of course, I'm not a  die-hard Phil Collins fanatic, but knowing that he can play a whole  truckload of instruments forced me to get this album, since I already liked  a number of the songs on here prior to purchase. As for those who hate  Phil, they hardly know what they're talking about if they HAVE heard his  music. Only flaw on this album is the too bouncy &quot;Dance Into The  Light.&quot;
6304383177|5.0|This was the first Katharine Hepburn movie I saw, boy was it good! She really shines as the crazy zany rich girl. Her character is always getting her self in odd fixes, but Cary Grant is like her knight in shining armor  and always comes to the rescue! I would recomend this to anyone who likes  to laugh!
B000002KHH|5.0|This is definitely the best Sabbath album as well as one of the greatest metal records of all time. &quot;Iron Man&quot; alone is worth the cash. Buy this and you won't be disappointed. Every song but &quot;Planet  Caravan&quot; and &quot;Rat Salad&quot; are classics that will never grow  old.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Okay I have to admit, I'm a fan of mostly Metallica's old stuff. I do have Load and Reload but they arent my favs.  This cd shows what Metallica can really do, now this is my FAVORITE Metallica CD.  I love it! Even  &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; which isn't my favorite , I love. The new songs  &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;Human&quot; and just excellent! This  album seems to bring Metallica back to its roots.. &quot;For Whom The Bell  Tolls&quot; is the best song on the CD I think though.. This is one CD that  you don't want to be caught dead without! I love it, and I can't tell you  enough how GREAT it really is. All I can say is BUY IT!
0780020685|2.0|When I pay almost 30. for a DVD I expect alot, especially from a criterion edition. Seven Samurai does not reflect truly what a DVD is all about...which is high quality video, great sound and unique whistles and  bells that are added value. True, an older movie can be discribed as a  profound auteur venture for it's time, but for the quality of sound,  picture and aspect ratio...I in retrospect would have been just as happy  with a video and would have not worried about the video commentaries. My  advice...go rent the video before deciding to purchase this one. If you're  dying to see it again and again after that, (which I doubt) pick up the  DVD. Sorry, in my book...if I'm not going to watch it more than 3x why pay  the convenience for a classic when it has the screen resolution of a Disney  flip-book?
6304773382|5.0|Oh this movie is funny! I love the main charcters (tank girl) personality! She'll do whatever she wants, whenever she wants, and who ever gets in here way better watch out. This is definitly a movie to watch when your high...I  had a real fun time with it...me and my freinds just kept on wondering how  she changed clothes so fast..O_o.. But while I was &quot;sober&quot; it was  still funny as hell. Too bad the movie didnt make it big over here...But if  you want a real laugh, check this one out...its worth it..^_^
B000035Z2L|5.0|I just finished watching this and I thought that it was one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen. The cast is great for the subject matter and the jokes are great if you can understand them. As soon as it starts it  reminds you that this is an 17-up movie with the infamous sock scene  (hehe). I think that there could have been more nudity for the subject with  all the masturbation and sex, but the nudity that was there was nice and I  thought that the girls in the movie were hot hot hot! Overall, this is a  good movie for those old enough to understand the jokes but not good for  those that would be put off by all the teen sex.
0446525537|5.0|...because you will need it when you finish this book
B000002OZY|4.0|This album is great, period. But the real reason I'm commenting is to say that I personally prefer Led Zep over the Who. Many of you Who fans will disagree, but they both did so much for rock in so many different ways that  they should both be considered the greatest rock bands of all time. (Along  with the Stones and Black Sabbath, but that's just my opinion...)
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead have superceded and improved upon all rock music released this century. It seems neglectful to not say that this is the greatest album of the 1990's, yet I won't say it- because it has been said enough. From the  opening chainsaw guitar of 'Airbag' to the closing waltz of 'The Tourist',  Thom Yorke and Co create a delighful little niche of sound... no song  sounds the same as another. This is music to face Armageddon with.
B000002Q88|4.0|Kansas paints a grim, albeit poignant picture of the American Midwestern small town in In the Spirit of Things.  Taking the history of a true Kansas ghost town and recreating its mood through song in its waning days, this  album would've  raised eyebrows and critical acclaim had it been done a few  years earlier. And, in reality, the entire concept may have been too deep  for this album. Nonetheless, there are some stand-out tracks, including  Ghosts, Stand Beside Me, The Bells of St. James, and I Counted on You.   Steve Walsh's voice was never better, and Steve Morse, as usual, shines  throughout, although his guitar work is a bit too restrained.  For Kansas  fans, this is a must album where they return to their roots in an  affectionate homage to one of the many little Kansas towns where they first  played as a band thirty years ago.  It is perhaps their best album from the  1980's.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|though fiona has been one outspoken gal-controversial in her beliefs- this album speaks of a vital human being just trying to keep herself sane- and in expressing it she comes out with a beautiful mix of songs that connect  with people to and fro. Most of the album has a rhythm edge- throwing in  some hip hop beats, to the recent rock-ani difranco rhythms which is not  the normal tap yer feet kind of music. It's an intelligent introspective  album which has only sPAWNED her further into a well-rounded musician.
0553208845|5.0|Sublime and poetic. Hesse's Siddhartha is not just the Buddha of ancient India but the individual who knowingly or not sets upon the inevitable road to self realization. The destiny of man that leads him to anticipation of a  larger consciousness. Siddhartha in search of the supreme knowledge follows  in the footsteps of numerous spiritual masters and walks the prescribed  ways of ancient scriptures. And he grows out of the shadows of the teachers  and their teachings to discover his own journey. And Hesse turns to the  wisdom of ordinary life and the all important book of life. From the  experiences of a life lived to the fullest Siddhartha reaches the peace and  calm of mind and his understanding mingles with the timeless running waters  of a stream.
1570427496|1.0|A Walk to Remember?  Heavens, I'd like to forget this one. His other two books I enjoyed-This book was plain lousy- boring-boring-and such big print-The book was small in the first place-thankgoodness-He better quit  writing if this is the best he can do.Some authors have only one good book  in them and they should quit then.
B00000F1D3|2.0|When I first saw Cher on tv singing &quot;Believe&quot; fromthis album I thought my eyes were deceiving me. How could I&quot;believe&quot; for here was a &quot;Rock Chick&quot; TRYING to become a dance Diva. With the hugh success during 98 of Madonna's Electronica inspired &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and Gloria Estefan's magical and anthemic dance album &quot;gloria!&quot; it seems that Cher, looking for a safe way to return to the charts has jumped on the successful wave of these 2 artists. What's delivered is satisfying, but once again rather than go off and create her own sound, Cher simply combines the elements from both these artists latest albums to achieve her own album &quot;Believe&quot;. There are a few classics in there, such as the title track and the follow up single &quot;Strong Enough&quot; which is a wonderfully shameless throwback to the heydays of 70's disco that owes a lot to the Gloria Gaynor gem &quot;I will survive&quot;.  In doing this all the album tracks sound similar...it's becomes a tedious beat with the expected &quot;safe&quot; arrangements, hooks and melodies that leave a bland aftertaste.  My recommendation is to spend your money on the cd's that inspired this album and do a far better job in arrangements and originality; Gloria Estefan's &quot;gloria!&quot; and Madonna's &quot;Ray of Light&quot;
0783225970|4.0|A great movie but for some reason the movie starts off in AC 3 (dolby digital) then after like 30 seconds, it switches back to regular dolby surround. hmmmm
0140177396|4.0|A powerful and poignant story. Steinbeck haunts his readers with the murderous innocence of the simple mind which finds it difficult to survive in this world. The age old debate of the fitness of survival is revisited  and '..you have to do it at times..George' leaves the readers with a pathos  and helpless anger against such a strong judgement. And..the heart beats to  dream Lenny's dreams of tending the rabbits in their farm..someday.
0783225970|5.0|Scarface is an excellent movie. No, it's not as good as such other crime epics as, say, The Godfather and Goodfellas, but it's close. It goes on for almost three hours, but it never seems to drag at all. Very entertaining  and well-written by Oliver Stone (which was a tiny bit surprising to me,  although I am a fan of Mr. Stone's films). Also has great performances by  Al Pacino (as always) and Michelle Pfeiffer, as well as others. All of it  is good. There's a massive amount of violence - this movie could still be  quite offensive to some (it doesn't come close to offending me), by today's  standards. It's quite a good movie.
6304117752|5.0|I have seen this movie at least more than 10 times and I alwayswant to see it again.  I had a chance to stay one week during aseminar in May, 1996 at Schloss Leopoldskron, Salsburg and I saw the film again at the mirror room, the site where some scenes were shot.
B00000J6AG|5.0|yeah...moby created some great stuff, with some fantastic sounds and a great music environment, well done. just turn off the lights and enjoy, the trip is about to begin...
6305603847|5.0|This DVD has lots of great extras as well as an impressive menu interface.  I think it's worth for the commentary provided by author/writer Roger Waters in and of itself.
0385484518|5.0|This book is a must read.  The life philosophy and insight of Morrie is truly omniscient.  If everyone could only comply with Morrie's advice 10% of the time the world would be a much better place, and everyone would be  much happier.
0805047905|5.0|I love the sing-songy verse of the story, but more importantly, so does my 16-month old daughter! It teaches rhythm and rhyme while also teaching colors and animals. It's one of his best.
B000005IU1|5.0|This album is great in many ways, and here are but a few humble reasons to get up and buy it now!  The energy! This album is audio cocaine! You have to listen to it over and over to get your stooges fix. It also makes you  want to start your own band, and dance until your hips fall off!  If you  even pretend to be a music fan you need this!     This album will make you  an Iggy addict, so buy it now!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is an awesome cd all the way through. It is a good mix of everything they have done over the years. It includes rap , metal , and just good quality rage music. If you like rage you will love this! I would recommend  buying it.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix is a wonderful thrill ride for the viewer.  The intertwining of the fight choreography, and the special effects is superb.  It is a visually stunning movie.  To all those who feel the need to complain about  a lack of originality in the plot, read a book.  If you want to be  intellectually stimulated stop going to the movies.  And for all of you  that have cited recent movies, books, and comic books that it resembles,   educate yourselves a little more.  The philosophical debate on what is real  is as old as Plato.  In short if you are looking for originality and deep  thoughts stop going to the movies and pick up a book.
6304872402|4.0|Looks like Disney won't be the only company that produces high-quality animated features those days! I got to see it on Valentine's Day a few years before and I really like new twists in the usual fairy-tale  storyline, like the young Anastasia going on a long journey with a handsome  young man like they're longtime comrades and the 3-D animation of the train  about to crash is really awesome! I also love how creepy and repulsive the  villian is, especially when his body parts slowly comes apart to spook his  poor little ablino bat familiar. And whether this movie matches the actual  story about the fate of a Russian royal family or not, this is a pure  fantasy containing fantasy elements like ghosts dancing about in a deserted  courtroom. And on the other hand, there are quite a few things that I don't  really like about this animated wonder: plucky young Anastasia eventually  turns out to be a teensy-teenie little princess with a teensy-teenie waist,  just like any other Disney heroine. And of course, she gets swept off her  feet by young romantic love after all.
B000002KMV|4.0|This was the last album of Prince's early work. It featured soulful blend of rock and dance and was quite innovative with its use of early 80s synthersizer. The best songs are the epic title track and trippy pink  floydish &quot; Annie christian.&quot; This album did sound a bit too much  like its predeseesor Dirty mind and is simply not as good as Dirty Mind. It  was also Prince last imperfect album for about 8 years. ( What follows were  the string of classics in the mid 80s.) If you like Dirty mind check  Controversy out.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I BOUGHT THIS AFTER HEARING SOME BUZZ ABOUT IN  VARIOUS MUSIC MAGS.I WAS  VERY DUBIOUS AS I HAVE  A LOT OF CDS AND AM TIRED OF SPENDING MY BUCKS ON   HYPE WITH NO FULFILLMENT. MOBY IS EXCELLENT, MY FAVORITE CUT SO FAR IS  &quot;FIND MY BABY&quot; IT'S SOOOOOO COOL. &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; AND  &quot;WHY DOES MY HEART FEEL SO BAD&quot; ARE ALSO GOOD TRACKS. I LOVE THE  ATMOSPHERIC FEEL OF &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; IT REMINDS OF YES AND ELO FROM MY  YOUTH. THERE IS SO LITTLE ORIGINAL MUSIC THESE DAYS FROM THE MANUFACTURED  SAPPY POP OF MS.SPEARS TO EVERY BACKSTREET BOYS BLUNDER MADSQUERADING AS  MUSIC. IF YOU ACTUALLY LIKE MUSIC WITH SOUL BUY IT  NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S. SORRY ABOUT THE  SPELLING.
0451141415|1.0|I was really excited when I began to read this book. I love history and WWII is probablly my favorite war. The first half of the book is really good and suprising. I thought I was in for a good read. The story had so  much potential. I was dissapointed when the author portrayed the man ,  Henry Faber, with such expertise at the beginning but then turned his  personality totally around at the end. To be a suspence thriller the plot  was easy guessed and the key element of suprise was left out. The author  failed to make the book the slight bit realistic by leaving out any trace  of human error in his charachters. I always knew what was going to happen  and was dissapointed when I dicovered my conclusions were right.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I BOUGHT THIS AFTER HEARING SOME BUZZ ABOUT IN  VARIOUS MUSIC MAGS.I WAS VERY DUBIOUS AS I HAVE  A LOT OF CDS AND AM TIRED OF SPENDING MY BUCKS ON  HYPE WITH NO FULFILLMENT. MOBY IS EXCELLENT, MY FAVORITE CUT SO FAR IS &quot;FIND MY BABY&quot; IT'S SOOOOOO COOL. &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; AND  &quot;WHY DOES MY HEART FEEL SO BAD&quot; ARE ALSO GOOD TRACKS. I LOVE THE  ATMOSPHERIC FEEL OF &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; IT REMINDS OF YES AND ELO FROM MY  YOUTH. IF YOU ACTUALLY LIKE MUSIC WITH SOUL BUY IT  NOW!  P.S. SORRY ABOUT THE  SPELLING.
0131103628|5.0|How can you go wrong with a book by the person who wrote C? This book is amazing. It is only 274 pages but the text and the examples are clear and concise. They explain everything you need to know. This book is the  ultimate reference and if you're willing to work hard it also makes an  outstanding tutorial as well.
6300214354|5.0|Is the best movie that i have ever seen, even better than pulp fiction. No more words... everithing is perfect in this movie, incredible!
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down popped onto the music scene in 1999, and has not disappointed. When asked to compare them to other bands, I have been unable to. If there is only one word to describe SOAD, that word is  &quot;unique&quot;. They have a hard, fast sound, and that combined with  Serj Tankian's indescribable vocals, create SOAD. It would seem to the less  insightful listener that the lyrics are pointless and SOAD seems to just be  playing around. However, the lyrics have symbolism and underlying politcal  messages that allow multiple interpretations. In my opinion, one of the  sure signs of great music is if it has many possible different meanings,  which SOAD defintly has. This is apparant without ever having to hear their  music; take their name and their album cover.
0425107469|5.0|Let me start by stating how much I love this book.  I would have to go as far as to say that this was the best book that I've ever read.  By the time you've finished reading this book, you can't help but love Travis, Nora,  and Einstein, or feel at least some compassion for the Outsider.  I  honestly loved how Koontz started with a bunch of different characters and  was then able to bring and tie them all together.  When I finished this  book, I told a couple of my friends about it, and they both loved it as  well.  I can't help but rave about this book...it's a classic!  I give it  two thum...well 5 stars at least
0140187537|4.0|I recently listened to a Steinbeck book for the first time on an audio book. I liked it a lot so I went to my own bookshelf where I have several Steinbeck books (all unread), one being the Winter of our Discontent. I had  started to read it in high school years ago but never finished it. I found  The Winter of Our Discontent to be interesting and thought provoking. If  you're thinking about whether to read it or not, my suggestion is read it.  I think you'll find it worth the read.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Heat was my first DVD purchase and I couldn't be more pleased.  At the risk of repeating what other reviewers have already said, let me say this is a great movie.  The performances by De Niro, Pacino, Kilmer and Sizemore  are outstanding.  This movie also has all the glitter I've come to expect  from a Michael Mann film.  The DVD format puts you in the middle of the  action.  Heat is &quot;HOT!&quot;
B0000027I6|5.0|I highly recomend this album to all Pink Floyd fans.  It has a lot of that Floyd feel with a little something extra.  I think my favorite song is Watching T.V. I once owned this album on audio tape and wore it out I  listened to it so much.  Worth the cash!
1573226521|2.0|The publicity of this book is what got me interested in the first place. Overall, however, I found it to be disappointing. I did like the style it was written in, and there were concepts I enjoyed, namely thoughts on  travelling in general, and the differences between tourists and travelers.  The plot, however, was a big build up, then the story just fell apart in  the end. And that nonsense about mutilating the corpses--what was that  about?  The story had potential, but it failed to deliver!
B00001ZUGK|5.0|If you're into Sci-Fi then you've already seen this and chances are you love it.For the rest of you it's a great movie to introduce you to the world of Sci-Fi without klingons or a dictionary.Nope you need not be a  nerd to enjoy this.After seeing the trailor with it's sweet graphics and  Laurence Fishburne who is one of my favorite,and underrated,actors I had to  see the movie.I am so glad I did 'cause it's one of my favorites.Of course  Laurence steals the show with his acting abilities.Keanu Reeves easily  gives his best acting job in his entire career.Actually the entire cast  does a solid acting job.I don't wanna tell to much about the movie 'cause  you should see it for yourself.What I will say though is I'm really  expecting the sequels 'cause I can't get enough.If you really loved the  movie check out &quot;Dark City&quot;,which is a masterpiece,and  &quot;Akira&quot;,an even bigger and better masterpiece.Both require you  use your brain and imagination,especially &quot;Akira&quot; 'cause if  you're stupid,be honest with yourself,chances are you won't like it 'cause  you don't &quot;get it&quot;(and you won't get it on amazon since they  don't even sell it).
B000006IUQ|4.0|OK First off, the movie was solid, good plot, great actors, not Elle Though, She should have shown her breast, but over all a 4 star rating. <br />Now what I mean about the Drinking. While sent to Italy for the Bosnia  Conflict my cohorts and I rented this movie. We found that A. Hopkins  Charater gets his name called several times during the movie, so much so  that we started to do shots everytime &quot;CHARLES&quot; was said. We  never make it to the end of the movie without being BOMBED out of our  gords...I won't say how many times his name is said, count for your  self...<br />Ok have fun and Don't drink and Drive...Arrive Alive.!
0446607274|4.0|This was a great read to follow up BLOOD WORK by Michael Connelly.  Mr Connelly slyly inputs Terry Caleb in ANGEL'S FLIGHT, but he's the author right? Right!<br />This book gives you faith in the legal system that even if  justice is blind, those that aren't blind will see justice done.  In  Chamoru, my native language, TI MA MAIGU SI JESUS.<br />This was a wonderful  book, GO GET YOUR COPY NOW!<br />Ex Animo!<br />mwb9
B00000JCB2|5.0|OKay Fred Durst May look like a psyco maniac but the guy writes good music.  You may think its ear pounding and rythemless but his songs have a point. This cd rocks, all tracks are good i especially recommend these  songs from it, Rearanged(best), N2gether now, Im broke, just like this,  show me what you got, nookie, and last but certainly not least 1999.  Now  dont get me wrong those arent the only good songs but they are the  strongest.  I recommend this cd.
B000031XCR|5.0|One thing i do love is good music. she has a quality that makes one pay attention. her heart and soul go into the music. it is felt.love her albums
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is the best cd i ever bought.  Ratm has always been great but this cd is outstanding.  Theres not a song on it thats not great.  If i had to pick a best song i couldnt pick.  Hpefully theyll release a few more singles of  this cd.  Songs i recommend, Maria(best), New Millinium Homes, Calm Like a  Bomb, Guerrilla Radio, Born as ghosts, born of a broken man, every other  song.  You have to buy this cd, you just have to!
0790729687|4.0|Ok, how i came to the decision of 4 stars is just too crazy so just listen to my opinion.  Well I never saw the movie in 94 but I rented the video and watched it 7 times in 4 days! I am also only 14 like one girl from another  review of this movie.  And I can probably say I have ok taste for movies.   Or let's just say in order to keep my in my see, it's gotta be good.   <br />The cast was grand.  The best actors and et cetera.  First I thought Tom  Cruis was horrible for the part until i watched for the 5th time then bam!  I loved him!  And as for Pitt as Louis, it was just perfect.  PERFECTO!  trust me on that.  There's rumors that Louis was portrayed more innocent  than he really was in the book. That I dont know, but I loved him the most.   And also like the other 14 yr old reader, I didn't think Antonio fitted  Armand too well.  Obviously becuase the hair color was wrong and the age is  WAY wrong and i'm not too sure about the accent.  Onto christen dunst.  I  was amazed at her acting! IT is really great to see such talented young  actors....though she's probbaly older than me. I admire her affectionately.  And Slater was great as Malloy.  <br />Now, I'll tell why I rated it 4.  Well,  I have to say for those of you who haven't read the book by Anne Rice under  the same name then you probably wouldn't like the movie.  I myself didn't  think it would make a great impression on those who never read the book cuz  I must say I first found it boring.  Well as for those who rea her book,  you'll LOVE it!  And I definitely disagree with the homoerotic playboy  thing.  Maybe it's there but it isn't meant to be some distasteful  homoerotica.  I guess it can be consider the true beauty of life and humans  that most people dont admit to.  There are flaw of course, but the good  parts totally covers it and I loved it.  Another advice: Read the book!
B000002NHN|5.0|The very first time i heard The Mummers Dance in the trailer for the movie Ever After i really liked the song i heard in that trailer. Which combined with Robert Miles Fable it was a perfect match but i don't know why the  producers didn't use the two songs in it because The Mummers dance would  have been perfect. When i got this cd for christmas i was so excited on the  way to see my moms sister i lisitened to it almost all the way through. Her  music is very haunting and very mysterious. All the tracks are good but the  best ones are The Mummers Dance and The Highway Man. Both are very  beautiful Haunting pieces of music. Yet Lorenna McKenitts voice is also  very soothing at the same time. Many people compare her music to Enya who i  also like very much. Enya's music is more uplifting and Poingnat and is  more angelic or celtic music. But Lorenna McKenitt's is more irish and  angelic. Both performers are able to transport you to different dreamscapes  and are very beautiful but i think i am getting to like Lorenna McKenitts  music more than Enya because it appeals to me more than Enyas but i still  like Enya very much and i will always continue to. But in conclusion i  would buy this Cd at all costs because it is very beautiful and very  haunting.
0064407667|5.0|My eight year old daughter has always said you always know what's going to happen in the end of every story, the main character will always have a happy ending, etc., so she has loved every minute of this book. I read it  out loud in the melodramatica tones the book deserves, and it was one of  our most enjoyable family read alouds ever. Obviously you have to take it  all tongue in cheek, as it is meant to be. I think it's a marvelous idea,  and hope the series goes on a while. At the end, where it says, &quot;if  you like a happy ending, stop reading now....&quot; I took a vote and all  three of my girls said, &quot;READ ON!&quot;
0425170055|5.0|What can I say? Wow! Right from the start, that most excellent of storytellers, Tom Clancy, throws us into action with a detailed yet gripping account of a hijacking. In some of his previous books (most  notably Patriot Games, Executive Orders and The Sum of All Fears) the story  dies for a hundred pages or more as Clancy explains the story (and  regrettably, this has resulted in many readers stopping reading mid-way  through a book...<br />But no more. Rainbow Six keeps up the heart pumping  action right the way through as though there is no tomorrow - and there may  well not be! Long as it is, Clancy has once again kept my full attention  resulting in late nights, staying up far too late turning page by page to  find out WHAT HAPPENS! <br />I was worried that Clancy was beginning to dull  in his stories, having read Executive Orders which was explosively exciting  in the last pages but, I felt, took too long to get there. And having read  the co-authored Op-Centers, I was very worried as they all lacked the quick  pace and exciting realism common to many Clancy books.<br />However, I felt  that singling out environmentalists as the bad guys was not a good  marketing move (if not resulting in an excellent book!) and that their  methods and ideals were not credible enough to bring a true sense of  realism. I did enjoy the fantastic end to the story and hope that, true to  Clancy style, Dmitry Popov will appear in another book in the near  furture!<br />And for the second time, Clancy has focused the book on John  Kelly (otherwise known as Clark). Clark has definitely changed since the  torture days portrayed in Without Remorse, become more mature, even  mellowed in age. I missed good old Jack Ryan however although Clancy  referred to Clark's good relationship with &quot;The President&quot;. I  felt that Jack deserved more place although, I think Clancy may have  brought an end to Jack Ryan as a major role in Executive Orders. Keen  followers of Clancy will note howJack gradually rose through the ranks -  ordinary history teacher and a lucky stock investor, then working at CIA,  eventually becoming, DDO, DDI and eventually head of the CIA (which I  believe is DCI, right?). Then going on to National Security Advisor,  Vice-President (albeit for a short time) and finally President. I can think  of no higher occupation for Ryan and this leads me to believe Clancy has  decided to leave him out of future novels. I hope I am wrong...<br />Is  Clancy, in his usual portrayal of realistic events (as opposed to fantasy  ones) going to let John Clark and Jack Ryan simply die of old age? Whilst  this would be true to form, they would be sorely missed, and only Ding  seems to be able to replace either of them. Are future books to hold only  Domingo Chavez and not the beloved Clark-Chavez team? Will Jack  retire?<br />We can't tell. Clancy has shrouded us in a black cloak of  curiosity until he chooses to reveal antoher piece of the unending story he  weaves. And even then, we surely will not get the last piece of the puzzle.  We will be left again to wait until it is time...<br />This excerpt was  written by Chris Kreft. I am an avid Clancy fan (in case you couldn't tell)  and have nearly all the books he has written from &quot;Red October&quot;  to &quot;Executive Orders&quot; (I'm only missing &quot;Clear and Present  Danger&quot;) as well as all the Op Center books. I have also read some of  Clancy's other books such as SSN and regard myself as a well-informed  reveiwer of his books.<br />Thanks for reading, and Happy New Year!<br />Chris  Kreft (ckinusa3712@aol.com)
0805062971|5.0|I feel so pumped after finishing reading Fight Club. I read it cover to cover and could not put it down. This narrative novel filled me with such adrenaline. The &quot;Sixth Sense&quot; type climax blew my mind! This was  one of the most exciting books I have ever read. Read it just for the rush!
B00000JTB2|5.0|The dual guitar work of both these artists is a must listen! They do not compete with each other, but communicate a sensitive and stimulating sound that makes the blues what it is. These two compliment each other well. This  CD is a model of how more groups should blend their music together.
B000021XR5|4.0|This CD has a very great range of music style. There's the ever-popular &quot;Down&quot; that's a true hard-rock piece, while &quot;Sour Girl&quot; has a sugar-pop style to it. It's entertaining with all the metamorphasing  of styles going on throughout the album. If you're a beatles and metallica  fan it's perfect...and if you're an STP fan, you won't be disappointed.
B00000BKDY|5.0|This albun sounds great!This band really has got something magic! The first two songs are amazing!Wasted years,written by the great gitar plaier Adrian Smith will drive you crazy!The lyrics are wonderful and Adrian  playing his guitar on this song is something unbelievable,awesome!You've  got to isten to this! &quot;Heaven can Wait&quot; is another wonderful  song! This albun rally rocks!It is a great opurtunity to listen to the band  in their great moments!
B00000JCB2|3.0|Before buying Significant Other I was quite aware that Limp Bizkit was one of the bands that enjoyed blening elements of different music together. But, this CD has only 2 songs actually sung by Fred and rest are rapped by  him. I'm a rock fan more than rap and found it a bit disappointing. Fred  can sing, and I think he can use those skills more.
B00002NDB1|3.0|This is not the Maiden we would like to listen! Blaze is not a good singer.He has good and awful moments but,unfortunately,the awful moments are the majority! Besides,this albun has some songs wich are to  repetitive(like the angel and the gambler)!Blaze repeats over and over the  same words for a long time! Maiden had to change the style of their  songs,otherwise would be impossible to keep Blaze in the band.They insisted  on Blaze,now Bruce is back!
630512065X|5.0|I would give the Cats video 100%.  I love the dancing in the video. The characters  were acted excently by the actors&amp;actresses.  My favourite cat is Rumpleteazer. Jo Gibb did a   brill job acting Rumpleteazer. My  favourite part in the video is the Macavity song. Aeva May and Rosemarie  Ford were excellent at their characters,[ Bomby and Demeter]  Victoria the  white cat was excellent at her solo  dance. Jacob Brent is very cute and a  very good dancer!  I must mention Gillian Lyne.  She did an excellent job  of coreographig  the dances for the video. All the cats were excellent and  the cast were terrific.  I love Cats the video and I have it now and  forever.
B000002L7R|2.0|I have to say that I bought this album and really only liked one song. Really I think people should buy the purple rain album.It was a big hit and every song is great!
1558908358|4.0|Considering that this film was made in the early 80's, it is a work of art. Even now, it runs circles around The Matrix and that film was made more than 15 years later!
B000020617|5.0|I've listened to tons of cds an this one caught my attention more than the others. It has a great beat and has a lot of good songs and a few great ones. My favorites are &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; &quot;Gimme  Stitches&quot; &amp; last but not least &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;
B000005JA8|3.0|Well, this album has, what, 50+ reviews? So I won't go back and restate what has already been said, and instead stress the finer points at work here.<br />Firstly, it's almost like a rite-of-passage by the Beefheart  community: if you don't like this album, you have no sense, and can't  possible be trusted with anything. I disagree with this vehemently. I  personally consider myself a Beefheart fan, but I, like many others, only  like bits and pieces of Trout Mask, his most famous work. It isn't for lack  of understanding the musical ideas at work; I understand how the time  signatures coincide occasionally, etc. And I think there're MANY inspired  moments. Yet to me, lots of this DOES sound like something that is not  necessarily taken seriously. Believe it or not, it is possible for someone  to understand an album, to grasp it, but to not like it all the same. I've  given Trout Mask a chance, and I know many other people have too. In the  end, if you like it, good. If you don't, that's good too; you aren't  therefore Of Bad Judgement.
B000020617|5.0|I've listened to tons of cds an this one caught my attention more than the others. It has a great beat and has a lot of good songs and a few great ones. My favorites are &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; &quot;Gimme  Stitches&quot; &amp; last but not least &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;.
0393316041|4.0|A lighthearted romp of entertaining stories that let you know that even brilliant scientists are human. Feynman's egotistic attitude gets annoying for time to time, but I suppose he was entitled to this other  &quot;quirk&quot; in his multi-faceted personality. Very good supplemental  reading for any serious student of science to remind them not to take life  too seriously.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Starts out very funny, and then becomes very sad, almost to the point of making you feel guilty for thinking it was funny.  Benigni is very funny and is able to make you feel good even when the subject is sad.  For the  most part the translation was very understandable with only a few rough  spots.  One of the best movies I've ever seen!
0553347845|3.0|Not quite as good as &quot;Surely you're joking...&quot; but written in the same spirit. Especially interesting was the section on the Challenger disaster. He solved the problem with beautiful simple logic that will have  you saying, &quot;Gee, why didn't I think of that!&quot; Especially  revealing was his encountering government red tape and annoyances, which  goes to show several heads in Washington need to roll.
B000000W3G|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins have always been known for their amazing catalogue of non-album songs.  Some of their best tracks are hidden amongst various singles and compilations.  Still, only the most devoted of fans run out to  buy every European import and obscure tribute album, and SP realizes this.   Released during what was undoubtably the peak of their success,  &quot;TAFH&quot; was the band's second &quot;odds and sods&quot;  compilation (check out &quot;Pisces Iscariot&quot; for some wonderful  &quot;Gish&quot;- and &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;-era b-sides and outtakes).   It compiles the five &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; singles, containing a total  of 28 b-sides (mirroring the 28 tracks on &quot;MCIS&quot;) and five  exclusive new-wave covers.<br />As to be expected with any b-sides collection,  there are ups and downs throughout the box set. The hidden treasures are  there, though--I've always believed that the &quot;1979&quot; single is ohe  band's best releases, proving that SP has power-pop down to an art.  The  single also contains one of the greatest Pumpkins songs around, &quot;Set  the Ray to Jerry,&quot; a track that was at one time slated to appear on  &quot;Siamese Dream.&quot;<br />So...excessive? You bet.  That's always been  the name of the Pumpkins' game, and they pull it off masterfully.   &quot;TAFH&quot; is a must-have for any music fan, and sits beside  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; as one of the great rock releases of the latter  1990s.
B00000K19E|5.0|Wow, what a movie. My first purchase from Amazon.com and it made it all the way to Hanoi. My wife and I watched it over the 1999/2000 change. Excellent premise, delivery &amp; effects ! Made all the more by the Sydney  backdrop. Brilliant Stuff !
0767830555|5.0|&quot;Taxi Driver&quot; deals with a whole range of uncomfortable and undesirable topics which unfortunately hits too close to home in today's society.  Infamous as the precursor (and in at least one case, the  inspiration) for celebrity stalkings, attempted murders, and  assassinations, the movie is nonetheless riveting, and with all due respect  to &quot;Mean Streets&quot; and &quot;The Godfather Part II,&quot; this is  the first great DeNiro film.  The translation to DVD is wonderful, with an  interactive screenplay and a richly detailed &quot;making-of&quot;  documentary. I would have loved a play-by-play commentary from Scorsese,  Schrader and DeNiro, but the documentary covers most of the bases, so no  big deal.
B00000K19E|3.0|This movie seemed dark.  It was hard to follow and it appeared to be a movie they just did not know how to end.  They could have cut one half hour off and it would not have effected the content of this movie.
630407185X|4.0|This is one of the greatest movies ever made.  It goes along with the book throughout the whole movie and is as as good as any war movie available, and it has more historical background than most.  If I could give a 4 1/2  stars I would have.
0064471837|5.0|I never thought I'd fall in love with a book about the dead.  But fall I did and Sabriel has been my favorite book for 13 years now.  Nix takes an extremely new approach to necromancy and magic in Sabriel that I have yet to come across from any other book.  Sabriel has the power to bring the dead back to life, but as a descendant of the Abhorsen, she is duty bound to put the dead to rest.  She receives a message from her father from the realm of Death and sets off on a journey to find him, despite the protests from the Abhorsen's servant/prisoner, the dead-pan funny Mogget,a free-magic creature in the form of a cat.  Sabriel discovers that high marks in magic at school mean very little in the sometimes scary and troubled Old Kingdom.  She, along with Mogget and a man known only as Touchstone, get closer to finding her father while creeping closer to danger.<br /><br />Sabriel is one of those books that you can re-read over and over again, and I have.  I have read this book once every year since I was 13 and stumbled across it at a school book fair.  13 years later, I've read it 13 times, along with Lirael and Abhorson an equal amount to how long they have been published.  Every time I read them, I discover something new.
6305537798|5.0|I really like this movie, but be warned: They go a little overboard on the sex jokes and profanity. It just gets a little old.
0385333846|5.0|This book made it onto the Library Boards top 100 English language novels of the 20th century.  Guess what? It deserves to be there.  Truly an awesome read with a powerful anti - war message without being extremely  pendantic.
B000006E17|4.0|&quot;Salo&quot; is one of the most controversial and debatable films of the century.  Pasolini directed a film which, after viewing, raises many questions, but offers few answers.  It is an uncompromising film of  perversion, but it's not exploitive  - Pasolini is trying to say something  about the goverment, and how it has treated him and his people.  He is also  making a movie on DeSade's &quot;120 days of Sodom&quot;.  &quot;Salo&quot;  is not for everyone, and stars go down because I can't really recommend it  to anyone except those looking for a very debatable film of what it is  trying to say, and those who have the stomach for it.  Yes, it is one of  the most depraved films ever, but without resorting to shock as just a  gross-out factor like &quot;Pink Flamingos&quot; did, the scenes which do  shock, like the climatic torture scenes, come off very brillant credit to  Pasolini's direction and choice of music, and produces a very chilling  effect which to me has never been matched in any other film ever.  The sets  are very beautiful and there is a rumbling effect that can be heard in the  background which make shocking scenes even more chilling.  So in final  words, if you have the stomach for the film, and looking for a film to  think about, check this film out.  Watch it with an open mind.  It's a film  like Pasolini's mysterious death that lets you decide your own answers to  the questions you ask.
B000002I2G|5.0|I love this album. It's one of my favorite Doors records. I don't care what they say. Two of the Doors' very best songs can be found on this album, Wishful Sinful and The Soft Parade. If you like The Doors, buy it.  People only criticize it because it's different.
B000002AGB|3.0|Sorry fellow Who fans, but giving this five stars is nuts. The Who had plenty of off nights, and this was surely one of them. A few key selections from TOMMY are excluded, and the band sounds tired of playing it already.  As for the other songs, the ones that are also on LIVE AT LEEDS are MUCH  stronger on that set, and WATER, I DON'T EVEN KNOW MYSELF, and NAKED EYE  are alot better on the remastered WHO'S NEXT.
0385474547|1.0|this is the worst book that i have ever read!  the story have no point at all.
B000002MY3|5.0|I purchased this cd in 1996 and fell in love with it. For two years I always had it in my cd player and I bought all the singles and taped every performance on tv I could of Alanis Morissette. Three years later, while I still enjoy this cd, I have lost my connection with it, which is what made it such hit in the first place. There's no point in describing this cd since we all know it by now. All I can say is listen to it. Listen to what Alanis is saying because relating to Alanis is what got me through some of the toughest times.
B000002VMH|5.0|Not just one of the best works of the decade, but an openhearted and exquisitely executed personal chronicle that stands among the top albums of the contemporary era. &quot;Why&quot; could be the themesong for a movie  about the desires and delusions of the 20th century. If you don't own this,  a Miles Davis record or two, the Beatles' White album, and Dylan's  &quot;Desire,&quot; you don't have much of a record collection.
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Wild Wild West as a movie is fair. Not exactly horrible, but not great. As for the DVD, it's great! Enough extras to satisfy me and the DVD transfer is very good. Going back to the movie, I'll have to say this: the acting  was good, the special-effects good, the plot bad, the villain: Very  Annoying! I forget who played the villain, but I have to say that he didn't  act well in this movie, his accent was fake, and you weren't even scared of  him. Villains are supposed to be scary OR a villain can be funny and  frightening(as in Men In Black), but this villain lacks both qualities.  Plus, this movie was supposed to be a comedy-action, but it wasn't funny.  But still, the DVD's good and it's good when you just want to sit down and  watch a movie.
B000002UCQ|5.0|Writing on New Year's Eve '99 as George recovers from a bizarre intrusion on his personal life, let's all remember how he and the Beatles always emphasized love and good will. He's always wished the world all the best  and deserves the same in return. Happy 2000 to the wizard of the Wilburys.
6300218031|5.0|i really love this flick.  its perfect.  i have the biggest crush on eric stoltz because of this movie.   the soundtrack is also really great.  get them both!  eric tries hard to get an impossible girl and the whole time  his best friend wants to get with him.  its just so sweet and everyone  needs to see it.
B000002LCU|5.0|Harrison was two Beatles in one, because his incredible lead guitar had its own voice too. He surpassed himself with &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; but he took his post-Fab Four work even further with this  collection.
6300218031|5.0|i really love this flick.  its perfect.  i have the biggest crush on eric stoltz because of this movie.   the soundtrack is also really great.  get them both!  eric tries hard to get an impossible girl and the whole time  his best friend wants to get with him.  its just so sweet and everyone  needs to see it.
0385474547|2.0|Achebe should be lauded for finishing a book, as should anyone- the writing of a book is a daunting task.  As far as content goes, however, Things Fall Apart leaves much to be desired.  It very well may be that  critics compare Achebe's masterpiece to the great Greek epics, but the  distinguishing scholar would hardly equate them with Things Fall Apart.   The Iliad and The Odyssey are eloquent and powerful, while Things Fall  Apart is contrived and lacks any lasting impact.  You will notice that the  majority of reviews rating Things Fall Apart as 4 or 5 stars are written by  high school students; one has to wonder about their credentials.  There is  a disturbing trend in the academic world to praise the virtues of a  particular work simply because it is &quot;black&quot; or &quot;gay&quot;  or &quot;alternative&quot; in some way.  Do great works have universal  applications, or are they simply limited in relevance to one social group?   A truly great work is not concerned with outward appearences, it is  concerned with Truth.  And Truth, unlike Things Fall Apart, knows that  color is irrelevant.
0679746048|5.0|After reading a few of the comments, which appalled me, I feel the need to comment myself.  I have read the book, listened to the tape, and now seen the movie.  It is NOT trying to belittle or give an actual diagnosis.  This  book is to free oneself (a.k.a. Kaysen) from that inner questioning. The  way in which the book is written is as if it was a self journey.  She did  not say that BPD was not a valid disorder.  However, she did imply she was  not sure how she was diagnosed  with the label.  If you are looking for a  witty piece of literature to read this is for you.  It is about the trials  and tribulations of one mind that is written almost poetically.  However,  if you are trying to find a book that can help you to understand or  cope  with someone who was diagnosed &quot;BPD&quot; this is not the book for  you.  I was upset by how arrogant some readers were with their comments.   It is to be hoped that most of you know the difference between self help  and self expression.
B000031XCR|5.0|She does it again!  For anyone seriously thinking of buying this album please ignore the bad reviews because they are just people who come waste their time bashing Celine and they probably haven't even listened to this  album at all!  It a very good CD and a fine farwell for the time being. We  all must pray Celine won't be gone to long on her time off!  I love you  Celine! Thank You!............Buy this CD today!
B000005J56|5.0|For the record, Juan de Marcos Gonzalez and Nick Gold recorded the Afro-Cuban All-Stars debut album-&quot;A Toda Cuba le Gusta&quot;-prior to the recording sessions which later became &quot;The Buena Vista Social  Club&quot;.  Both albums are amazing-excellent examples of REAL cuban  music-not this timba trash that Los Van Van and Bamboleo are playing.  Ry  Cooder deserves a lot of credit for what he did on this album-production,  post-production, playing-but not for &quot;discovering&quot; these  musicians.  That goes to Juan de Marcos, or as Ibrahim Ferrer called him,  &quot;El segundo descubridor de las Americas&quot;.  And for those of you  who are complaining about Rys playing-get a life!  Dont you know where  cuban music comes from?  Spain, the Middle East, and Africa-and Rys  playing only highlights some of these influences.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I got this CD for Christmas from my Aunt. At first I was dissapointed because I was expecting to get enema of the state, but now i like it, so buy it
B000002J09|5.0|Stunning, absolutley stunning. This without a doubt is one of the greatest albums of all time.  Words can't express how much I love this album. I highly recommend it.
B000000FG8|5.0|If you like punk and don't prefer hardcore punk than this is your CD. It's awesome it was put together in 1991 after the band split up and contains their best songs from their albums &quot;Energy&quot;, &quot;Hectic&quot;,  and two songs from the complation &quot;Turn it Around. I recomend  listening to tracks 1, 2, 6, 7, 9, 12 and 15 in massivly  repeated  sequence. BUY THIS PLEASE! it will change your prespective of music for the  rest of your life. (whatever that means). also buy the Decepticonz CD  &quot;Rot Your Brains&quot;.
0793927501|4.0|The only mediocre in this film is Alec Baldwin, he overacted the scenes of horror or tension, it was better if he takes some expertice from Mr. Hopkins, he is really a master of actors.
B000000FG8|5.0|I highly highly recommend this CD deeply if you are a big ska punk fan because Operation Ivy is like the Elvis of Ska Punk. Thats why Lint is the King of Punk because of this band. Take my word for it buying this CD is  the best money you'll ever spend on punk. I recommend listening to tracks  1, 2, 6, 7, 9, 12, and 15 in a repeated sequence!
B000002UKS|4.0|i just bought all 3 cds from foo fighters, and all 3 were good, worth the money, but i still think they need more to improve. This cd is definatly the best one of the foo fighters and most of the songs are good. monkey  wrench, everlong, my hero, Hey Johny Park!  and up in arms, ar my  favourite. Up in arms starts kind of slow, but it gets good. From the  non-hit single songs, i think Wind up, up in arms and Hey johny park are  the best ones. I didnt like to much walking after you and february stars  though. well, i think all 3 cds are worth your money, but if you dont  want to spend money on all three this is the one you should get.
0590353403|5.0|I found not only this one, but all of the HARRY POTTER book's breathtaking, thrilling, and enchanting. At some points I forgot it was fiction. That's how trapt you get in the story! I could not put it down (somewhat normal for me) but, not as much as these. I read the last one in  two days! The character felt so alive that you cry, laugh,and even feel  their rage, also many other feelings. This is a fast moving fantasy that  really captures the readers heart and puts it in the book.  Reading it then  makes it all the better.
B000000WA4|5.0|i think this is the best album ever made!  all the songs are good, in fact excelent. i bought this cd about four or five years i dont remember, in 96 or 95, and i dont get tired of listening to it. i have about over 60  cds of nirvana, foo fighters, bush, molotov, fobia(mexican rock bands)etc.  and they are all good, but nothing compared with this magnificent piece of  art.<br />if you havent bought this cd i dont know what are you waiting for,  its definatly worth two times (maybe more) the price.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis Morissette has an unique ability that I have seldom ever seen before. There are three aspects of her all over style that must be addressed. Firstly, her voice. Yes, some say she is a screamer, and  granted, she has been known to scream alittle in her earlier work on Jagged  Little Pill, although whenever she would screech, it was mirroring the  emotions the song was written about. She would wail when she was singing  about lost love, sexism and pain. In this album, as in Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie, she doesnt scream at all. In Unplugged especially, she  has a much mellower version of all her songs. Her voice flows easilly, and  she has a relaxed way of approaching them all.<br />Secondally, the lyrics.  Alanis is a truely wonderful writer. She has insight and perceptiveness  about everything she writes about. Of all the twelve songs on Unplugged,  only one is not her own, &quot;King Of Pain&quot; written and composed by  &quot;Sting&quot; but she brings a fresh depth and exhuberance to it. The  other eleven are a mixture of classics, and three exciting 'new' tracks.  All of her classics are revamped, in a delicate, precise way that shows a  braveness on her part, because she is so going against what made her famous  in the first place, yet brilliantly suceeding, even with a very different  style. Noteably, her rendition of &quot;Ironic&quot; and &quot;Joining  You&quot; are particually wonderful in thier total difference from the  origional versions. The three 'new' tracks are wonderful too. &quot;No  Pressure Over cappuccino&quot; is especailly Lyrically rich, with lyrics  that are not only catchy, but deep and rich in meaning, both hidden and  obvious.<br />And lastly, the music. Alanis herself plays the harmonica, the  guitar and the flute, and probably a few more that she doesnt flaunt as of  yet. She has supreme control on all her instruments, so much so that in the  flute melody at the end of &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; I am always  drawnto tears by the somewhat eerie meaning that transends her flute  playing. Her general music style is always wonderful, mirroring what she is  singing about.<br />All in all, this CD is an absolute marvel. I will not be  putting this away for some time. She is so talented, she can sing, write  and compose better than anyone I have ever come across. If you want to be  immersed by the talent that is alanis, buy this CD.
B0000028RR|5.0|i Dont like metal and i dont like rap, but this is the best CD i own.  From BombTrack to Freedom there is never a bad song.  The intensity and incredibility level of this CD is maintained for its duration.  Only one  word can describe it.  WOW
B000020617|4.0|This cd is better than I thought it would be when I got it. I didn't know anything about the foo fighters when I bought it, I only knew they're hit song &quot;Learn to fly&quot; but when I listned to it , it was really  good. The day I got it, I almost listned to the whole cd twice. I loved it!  My favorite songs on the foo fighters cd are &quot;Stacked actors&quot;,  &quot;learn to fly&quot; and &quot;generator&quot;. Mostly all the songs  are different so you wont get bored very quick. It's defenitly worth ur  money.
B00000K31V|1.0|Okay, we know that David Cronenberg can be disgusting. But, he can be disgusting in an interesting way, at times. This movie was not one of those times. To me, it seemed as though old Dave had some nasty squelching noises  left over from an earlier movie and just wanted something resembling a plot  in which to play them. Though the movie twists and turns, every twist and  turn is obvious at least five minutes before they happen. The  &quot;special&quot; effects aren't even up to Cronenberg standards - not  hi-tech, not repulsive, just plain cheesy. Unless you are a diehard  Cronenberg fan, don't even think of watching this film.
6304196784|5.0|What a killer movie!  It is utterly tasteless, completely un-PC, and wickedly funny.  Kevin Kline is brilliant, and truly inspired.  His devilish sense of humor is insane.  When he pretends to be gay, it is an  absolute riot, and the scene where Curtis yells at Kline is priceless.   Kline truly deserved that Oscar, but the whole cast is inspired.  I love  how the movie ends
B0000046ZJ|4.0|This CD is a joy to listen to. Two outstanding jazz giants get together to enhance the other's abilities. A really rare blending of different approaches of musicial attitudes. Oscar's dazzling digitynastics seem to  bring Stan's &quot;cool&quot; style up a notch or two. Great listening!
B000003TAW|1.0|it's horrible, bad, and evil
B00000K31V|1.0|A very poor film, the plot didn't hang together, the special effects were limited to cheap silicone.  The acting was wooden, the plot was predictable, and they didn't take any advantage of being in a virtual  world.  The Matrix it is not.  Don't waste your time on this one.
0790739356|5.0|This is a great sci-fi action movie. Not only are the effects top notch but the script actually makes sense.This is a story about a man raised from birth to be the perfect soldier. After surviving numerous battles Todd  discovers that he is obsolete and is tossed out with the rest of the trash.  He is soon taken in by the inhabitants of the planet and slowly regains his  humanity.If you hanen't seen this one you are missing out on some good  stuff.
6305627347|5.0|This has to be the funniest movie ever. Period. I laughed so hard that on several occasions I came close to losing bladder and bowel control. Is it crude and rude - for sure! Is it offensive - you bet! But is it mindless,  immature, or &quot;toliet trash humor&quot;? - no way. Practically  everything in the movie is a satire of something - politics, T.V.,  celebrities, political correctness, religion, etc; they leave no stones  unturned. I think pretty much anyone will be offended by something in the  movie, and thats the point - they aren't picking on anyone in particular;  they are picking on everyone. People need to remove the sticks from their  rectums and stop taking themselves so damm seriously. If we can't laugh at  ourselves then who can we laugh at? The Baldwins? Celine Dion? Satan? The  fact that this movie is listed under Amazons family section? - well, its a  start anyway.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This modern day turn of Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew, is bursting with hip dialogue and hilarious moments. It takes the basic ideas in Taming and turns it into a movie any high schooler would enjoy. Julia Stiles and  Heath Ledger practically steal the movie from the rest of the cast. Heath  Ledger is sarcastic yet smart. While Julia Stiles' stealy plays Kat with  great ease. If you're tired of the onslaught of teen movies (excluding  She's All That, Cruel Intentions, and Never Been Kissed) rent 10 Things I  Hate About You and you'll find a reason to love it.
0679746048|1.0|One day in Barnes &amp; Noble, I was trying to decide whether to buy this book or &quot;Prozac Nation.&quot;  Finally, I decided to get this one. Boy, what a mistake!  I found the book shallow, with an undeveloped plot.   It read much more like a storybook than a novel, with each chapter devoted  to a different character or event.  Although this book is about a serious  subject, and deals with adult issues, the way it was written and presented  makes it seem much more like a read for 11- or 12-year-olds.
B0000004V2|5.0|the stone roses is the third greatest album i have ever heard (behind dylans blonde on blonde, and the whos tommy), yet for a long time it was my favourite. the elegance in the songs is emphasised by ian brown pisspoor  voice and squires guitar contains no limits. the jingle jangle morning  sound is imitated by the roses, but has been equally imitated by just about  every band since at some stage in their career (charlatans, blur, verve,  embrace, oasis(although poorly)). without the stone roses britian would  have been overtaken by nirvana imitators and one note dance songs, but they  kept a subtle simplicity to the songs. their official follow up (second  coming) is equally excellent in different ways and will become just as  revered in the future. once split squires seahorses continued in a similiar  vain (listen to his allovertheshow guita on do it yourself) and brown  released two of the best albums of the late nighties, and made some simple  marching dance the coolest thing of the age.
0064471837|4.0|I first picked up this book to preview it for my ten year old who has an advanced reading level, yet still has the fears and emotions of a ten year old.  Although it was sold to me at a grade school book fair I would  caution anyone out there who is considering it for younger readers...it  definitely is a page turner that I enjoyed greatly, but my kids have to get  older to read this one without nightmares.  The topic of return of the dead  and the graphic description of some of the battles would unsettle my  children.  (I also thought much of the action in the Jurassic Park movie  was too violent for the pre-teen set, but know six year olds who have  watched it without a second thought!)  This is many steps up from the  popular Goosebumps scares with significantly more character developement.  My mind kept playing with it for days until I read it again!  The plot and  conclusion were far from predictable and showed more creativity than more  popular authors like Stephen King. If Nix were to write a sequel I would  definitely enjoy reading it. In closing, I gave this book four stars  because I feel it is frequently marketed to a younger audience than it  should be (not the author's fault) and that the book's topic is more  intense than the reading level...easy reading for the teens who should love  this book.
0385484518|1.0|I thought this book was absolutely shallow and devoid of any real substance.  Just a bunch of trite and pithy statements.  I fail to see why everyone loves this so much!  It bored me to death (no pun intended)!
B000002I27|5.0|These certainly are strange days, in this world of lifeless pop music. The Doors get minimal credit, the only people I know that like them are just potheads that don't really like them for their music. They are easily one  of the top 20....... even 10 bands/artists of all time. While not as  influencial as the beatles, they are at least as good! At least most of  Jim's poetry &amp; lyrics make a little sense, unlike much of the beatles  gibberish. Yet you never hear talk about the Doors when the subject is  greatest bands!      While all of their albums are excellent, I keep  coming back to Strange Days when trying to decide my favorite album. I love  all the songs. The title track, which has Jim using a sound synthesizer  while he speaks to us, is excellent,(though John's drumming isn't at it's  best)though I wish someone would explain to me what the words mean! (feel  free to email me). Though many of the songs are short &amp; don't really  have many words, it's intresting how the whole album seems to share a  common theme &amp; is like a single piece of art rather then pieces(Jim  said it was his favorite for the same reason). &quot;Moonlight Drive&quot;,  &quot;My Eyes Have Seen You&quot;, &amp; &quot;I Can't See Your Face In My  Mind&quot;, are my favorite short songs. &quot;When The Music's Over&quot;  is genius, though musically the album cut isn't as powerful as &quot;The  End&quot;, probably because the it was recorded without Jim, who later  added vocals. The album cover is, well, &quot;strange&quot;, though I wish  it was how Jim originally wanted it to be(a white room filled with dogs  with the band standing in the middle; it would be symbolic, as  &quot;dog&quot; is &quot;god&quot; spelled backwards!<br />Strange Days to  all!
0517092948|5.0|It's silly to attach a rating system to Shakespeare's genius. Not only is Shakespeare the greatest writer to ever live, I simply cannot believe we will *ever* see his equal. But to that gentleman who told reviewers to  stick to Stephen King: obviously you've never read King or you wouldn't  dismiss him so casually. He's no Shakespeare, but I honestly believe that  he's the Dickens of our generation.
6302990114|5.0|The only bad thing about this movie is in trying to decide which is better, the plot, the cast, the scenery, or the ending! This one has it all.  Just when I think I have decided on who is the guilty party, the plot  changes direction.  A real nail bitter that is guaranteed to keep you on  the end of your seat. Angela Langsbury is simply superb.  Agatha Christie  at her finest.
0790729628|3.0|My copy was beautifully detailed in some scenes and out-of focus in others.  Though billed as letterbox, my DVD was pan-and-scan, even though my DVD player was set for letterbox playback.  Some scenes,though (but not  the important ones), were shown in letterbox. But not all.  Bizarre.  Overall, a much better film than the over-dubbed version, but a poorer  rendition film-wise than the laser disc.  This is not truly a letter-box  film.  Caveat emptor.
1563894696|5.0|I have never seen Batman drawn the way he was always meant to look until I saw Tim Sale's incredible rendition of the Dark Knight.  The shadows, the paucity of words, the plot and characters all amount to one of the greatest  Batman stories ever written. With Batman today cluttered with a family of  characters, 3rd rate villains, and modern themes, this story, set in  Batman's beginning in a crime-infested Gotham, is the definitive Batman. My  favorite character, the Calendar Man, is a psycho locked up in Arkham who  knows the identity of the killer the whole time and never spills. Don't  miss this for any other Batman story.
B00000AFDW|3.0|As a great Kiss fan who have waited ages for this reunion, I am greatly disappointed by this album. Nowhere does this album come close to classics like 'Destroyer' or 'Dressed to Kill'. There is no 'Rock n' Roll All Nite'  or 'Detroit Rock City' here. Perhaps, the title track comes close to being  a potential future classic, but personally, I feel that it is not even  better than some of the stronger tracks on the 'Revenge' album. The other  good tracks on this album are 'Into the Void' (Frehley's fans won't be  disappointed), 'We Are One' (though I still prefer Simmons to do heavier  stuff like 'Unholy') and 'Raise Your Glasses' (a good anthem for live  performances). The rest? 'You Wanted the Best' is the worst Kiss song I've  heard in years (a pretentious effort to recreate another rock anthem that  has failed miserably). Same, though slightly better, is 'I Pledge  Allegiance.....'. 'Dreamin', though enjoyable, sounds too familiar (like a  ripped off from Alice Cooper's 'Eighteen'). The Catman's 'I Finally Found  My Way' is a nice tune, but one cannot be rid of the impression that Criss  is trying hard (perhaps too hard) to make another 'Beth'. Those who feel  that this is a great album should really go back and try the 70s albums.  Though I'm disappointed with Psycho Circus, I sincerely hope that Kiss  won't break up again. Perhaps by sticking together for another few more  years, the old chemistry of the group will be back, enough to create a new  rock album for the new millenium.
B000002G23|5.0|...when you get more than what you paid for? This box set wisely lists the songs in chronological order, and the music still sounds good after all this time. Sting, Andy Summers, and Steward Copeland - one of the catchiest  drummers I've heard - are in top form here. All the best to them, and the  live one, The Police Live! is good too. Great band, great music, and they  split up at the correct time. Thanks also to Stewart's brainy,  business-minded brother Miles, who recognized the potential of the bank and  managaged them.
B00000DMJF|5.0|If you haven't already heard the Beatle's White Album (I couldn't quite imagine that!), you might not want to buy this deluxe remastered (more expensive) version.  Assuming you have heard this masterpiece in sound, I  am going to focus my comments on the remastering itself and what I can say  about that is that indeed there are suprises. Songs as unexpected as  Birthday, I'm So Tired, Bungalow Bill, Yer Blues (what used to be side 3,  in general) take on a new and deeper sonic dimension.  The entire Beatles  catalogue could use a bit of remastering(I always thought they rushed the  cd's out originally and was never knocked out by the sound quality) and  this album certainly has less hiss so that you are left with just the  music. The result?  This album sounds alot less sloppy and haphazard than  it originally did and yet, unlike the recent remixes of Yellow Submarine  that I found awful, the character of the album you already know and love is  intact.  The only exception to this (to my ears and please remember, it's a  bit of an esoteric, audiophile thing I'm talking about) is staples like  While My Guitar Gently Weeps and Dear Prudence (what used to be side 1 in  general with some exceptions) seem to be slightly diminished in power.  You  really have to know this album like the back of your hand to notice so I  don't think it's that important but I did feel that the unision guitar/bass  line in the middle eight of &quot;While My Guitar&quot; has less robustness  and power (I have compared it with the original cd issue and prefer the  original in this case). So don't get rid of your old version! But in this  rare case, it's worth it to have 2 copies of this very special and seminal  album. Also the packaging is an exact reproduction of the original vinyl  album complete with poster, inserts, embossed white cover, even the Apple  label (another problem with the original Beatle issues-those gorgeous  covers were butchered!) If you are a Beatles fanatic, you'll want to have  this-listen for the fade of Revolution 1 (stuff I never heard before), the  entire Revolution 9, little bits scattered all over the album that leap out  of the speakers that I never had noticed-and believe me, I've spent lots of  time listening to it on vinyl, cassette and CD!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is an excelent movie. Fine plot, good acting, mind-blowing special effects, its got it all.
0684872153|5.0|A superb book I must say. I couldn't put it down! I suggest you read it! So graphic that you can see Limerick in your Mind's Eye. Compelling yet sorrowful. I loved the book!
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes was a wonderful book.  It is so similar to my father's life when he was a small child in Philadelphia during the late 1920's and early 1930's. It touched my heart! <br />If you haven't read a book in awhile,  please read it!  If you read all the time, please read it!<br />The story will  touch your heart.
6305308659|5.0|Pleasantville is a fantastic film experience, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. A true, striking, and original masterpiece; Pleasantville is a must for any movie fan. What makes the film such a joy is how it exists  on so many levels; almost anyone can find something to like here. It's at  times a simple fantasy, others a biting satire, and even others an account  of our history and change as people. Pleasantville is purely original and  very well-structured. It deals with mature themes and if you're someone who  likes to analyze films, then this is a great choice. The DVD warrants a  purchase, even if you already own the VHS version (as I do), one of the few  DVD's that does. Do yourself a favor and listen to writer-director Gary  Ross's commentary-it's dynamite, even if you generally do not like  commentaries. It's incredibly enlightening and adds much to the film's  depth. Ross cleary illustates all of the overlapping themes and symbolism,  and adds a personal touch to the movie's meaning. (The unintended rip-offs  of The Shawshank Redemption and Citizen Kane are particularly interesting).  The film has a bright, crisp transfer and excellent sound. The only way to  enjoy Pleasantville (other than the theater) is on DVD. Newman's music is  magical, also. There's a neat (oh, I'm talking like a 50's person now)  behind the scenes documentary on the film's jaw-dropping special effects.  The included Fiona Apple music video is pretty neat and directed by P.T.  Anderson. (Anderson fans take note: watch for Anderson regular John C.  Reilly at the video's end.) Overall, a DVD to buy: one of '98's best films  with tons of extras to boot. Swell.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is for damn sure one of the best movies of 1999! Keunu Reeves who I personally don't care for did one hell of a job! Lawrence Fishbourn was so awesome in this movie. The cast was great the action was great and the  special effects were great! The only thing on the downside is this movie  dragged a little to much but carried a great plot so it wouldn't seem  boring. Hard to understand but you'll get used to it. The soundtrack was  great too. Amen to that! Simply a great movie!
6305308659|5.0|Pleasantville is a fantastic film experience, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. A true, striking, and original masterpiece; Pleasantville is a must for any movie fan. What makes the film such a joy is how it exists  on so many levels; almost anyone can find something to like here. It's at  times a simple fantasy, others a biting satire, and even others an account  of our history and change as people. Pleasantville is purely original and  very well-structured. It deals with mature themes and if you're someone who  likes to analyze films, then this is a great choice. The DVD warrants a  purchase, even if you already own the VHS version (as I do), one of the few  DVD's that does. Do yourself a favor and listen to writer-director Gary  Ross's commentary-it's dynamite, even if you generally do not like  commentaries. It's incredibly enlightening and adds much to the film's  depth. Ross cleary illustates all of the overlapping themes and symbolism,  and adds a personal touch to the movie's meaning. (The unintended rip-offs  of The Shawshank Redemption and Citizen Kane are particularly interesting).  The film has a bright, crisp transfer and excellent sound. The only way to  enjoy Pleasantville (other than the theater) is on DVD. Newman's music is  magical, also. There's a neat (oh, I'm talking like a 50's person now)  behind the scenes documentary on the film's jaw-dropping special effects.  The included Fiona Apple music video is pretty neat and directed by P.T.  Anderson. (Anderson fans take note: watch for Anderson regular John C.  Reilly at the video's end.) Overall, a DVD to buy: one of '98's best films  with tons of extras to boot. Swell.
0930289331|5.0|This book is an excellent read for me.  It focuses less on Batman and more on Jim Gordon.  It sets up Gordon as a man instead of someone Batman can get info from.  What Miller did for Batman in The Dark Knight, he does here  for Jim Gordon.  The Gotham Police Department is truely shown as the  cesspool af graft and corruption it was always reputed to be.  It works  great as a kind of for runner to Miller's SinCity tales in later years.  It  is also a great lead in to Jeph Loeb and Tim Sales excellent &quot;The Long  Halloween&quot; and &quot;Dark Victory&quot; stories.  Mazzucchelli's art  is simple and powerful.  Batman looks like a guy in a funny costume with a  cape, yet it somhow works.  I just wish Miller had a little more room to  tell his story.  There is only one real action scene, when Bats is cornered  by the police.  still, it is very good and well worth a read for all Miller  and Batman fans.
B000031XCR|5.0|This cd is wonderful , I loved all of her others. Celine is my favorite , I suddenly fell in love with her new smash hit &quot;That`s the way it is &quot;. It`s my favorite song now , I play it all the time, Celine has put  also other great hits on here , but she has also made other songs, like  number 11 on the cd, it`s dumb , so skip that song, and that`s the way it  is.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Austen's mastery of the art of love is never better portrayed than in her novel, 'Emma.'  A story with undeniably loveable characters, a charming plot, and beautiful imagery, it is truly a classic in every sense of the  word.  This movie tells that calssic story in grand style.  Gwyneth Paltrow  is stunning (giving hints of the glory she would achieve in Shakespeare in  Love), and the costuming and scenery bring you oh so close to the England  Jane Austen knew.  A beautiful movie telling a timeless tale--a perfect  example of the staying power of a classic.
0790729628|4.0|My advice to anyone wanting to experience this film is to watch both versions.  The origional gives more of the noir experience, (despite what some say about the voice over it does lend to understanding parts of the  story for the uninitiated) and is a classic in it's own right.  Scott's cut  on the other hand offers a more plausible and suitable ending to the film,  and adds enough extra to more strongly hint at the possibility of Deckard  being a replicant.  The director's cut also has a bit more  &quot;depth&quot; to it than the origional... you do need to think more to  get it, but that's the main reason I suggest you see both versions.  The  unicorn dream sequence was an excellent edition in my opinion.     I  honestly wish WB would release the origional widescreen and the director's  cut on a single disc so people could experience both.     I loved the  director's cut, the only glaring omission from the DVD is Dolby Digital 5.1  sound.  This movie was MADE to be remasterd in DD.  I'm quite disappointed  at the stereo only (not even prologic I think) soundtrack.  This is the  only thing that keeps me (and I should hope others) from giving the DVD a 5  star rating.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Austen's mastery of the art of love is never better portrayed than in her novel, 'Emma.'  A story with undeniably loveable characters, a charming plot, and beautiful imagery, it is truly a classic in every sense of the  word.  This movie tells that calssic story in grand style.  Gwyneth Paltrow  is stunning (giving hints of the glory she would achieve in Shakespeare in  Love), and the costuming and scenery bring you oh so close to the England  Jane Austen knew.  A beautiful movie telling a timeless tale--a perfect  example of the staying power of a classic.
0380730405|5.0|this was such a good book!  i just couldn't stop reading it!  this book ate up all my free time!  but i must admit it was well worth it.  a great story.  this book is what romances should be like, we don't need all those  annoying sex scenes
B00000AFFF|4.0|And thank God for that!  Only Elvis Costello could pen lines like &quot;do people in Toledo know that their name hasn't traveled very well,&quot; &quot;3 goes into 2, there's nothing left over,&quot; or &quot;I'm not  saying there will be violins, but don't be surprised if they appear.&quot;   The whole of &quot;What's Her Name Today?&quot; is classic EC cynicism.  <br />The beauty of this collaboration is that the artists couldn't be more  mismatched.  EC has built his career subverting dominant paradigms, while  BB founded *the* dominant paradigm of a pop era.  Working at cross-purposes  never sounded so good! The result of this unlikely pairing: as BB's soaring  melodies and arrangements overwhelm the senses, EC's wry and prickly lyrics  get under the flesh.<br />It's true that Costello's voice isn't exactly made  for the type of singing PfM requires (might hurt the ears of Bacharach  die-hards).  However, I think most of EC's fans will be startled at how  well he does handle much of this material.  Personally, I think something  vital would be lost were someone else at the mic.<br />The weakest aspect of  PfM for me is its homogenity in tempo and lyrical content.  All of the 12  songs are ballads dealing with one of 3 themes: love lost, love beginning,  or adultery/betrayal.  While BB in many respects stretches EC beyond his  usual boundaries, he also constrains Costello to one form for the duration  of the album.  You can tell he got a bit bored when you hear sappy  melodrama like &quot;that is the torch I bear,&quot; &quot;she took my last  chance at happiness&quot; or &quot;you dropped the [wedding] band, I can't  understand&quot; fall from EC's usually razor-tongued mouth.<br />Yet, all in  all, the admirable effort that went into this experiment and its  often-stunning result outweigh, by a good measure, its shortcomings.
B000001IPL|5.0|Smash is definitely The Offspring's best work. It has an energy that isn't found in their other cd's or any other cd's that I have heard. Fast guitars, meaningful lyrics, it's true punk rock and it's what The Offspring  are all about. I would recommend it to any true punk or hard rock fans.  You've probably heard some songs from this album: Come Out and Play (keep  'em separated), Self Esteem, and Gotta Get Away; just to give you an idea  of what this cd sounds like. Except most songs on the cd are faster than  these and aslo more meaningful. Other cd's by The Offspring worth  mentioning are the self-titled, Ignition, and Ixnay on the Hombre. Not as  good as this, but pretty darn good. 5 stars for all 4.
0385484518|5.0|I loved this book! I had seen the movie and wanted to read the book. The book was better than I ever imagined. If you have any thoughts about reading the book after you watched the movie, please read the book you will  love morrie and his story even more than you did before.
B000001FMC|5.0|In retrospect, it seems almost strange that SOS first album and only massively popular single are the stuff of Pop idealism...there is little of the brooding melancholia  and even less of the traditional lounge jazz that  typify most of their later recordings.  That's not to say this album  doesn't offer significant Pop pleasures, which it does with a nod and a  wink.  As the only album to feature crisp rock drumming by Martin Jackson,  it's also the only album by SOS that truly sounded contemporary upon  release.  The synthesizer washes and sharp production help to propel the  music, even when the actual tempo isn't all that brisk.  As a result,  &quot;It's Better...&quot; is SOS most spirited effort, and catches them at  their most optimistic moment, their &quot;breakout,&quot; if you'll pardon  the pun. &quot;Fooled By A Smile,&quot; &quot;Breakout,&quot; and  &quot;Blue Mood&quot; are classy, catchy Pop music of the first order.  &quot;It's Not Enough&quot; and &quot;Surrender&quot; take longer to sink  in, but offer their own unique pleasures as well.  &quot;After Hours&quot;  is a giggly simulation of the jazz to come, no less endearing for all the  synthetic accompaniment.  &quot;Twilight World&quot; is little more than  mood music, and was a poor choice for a follup single in the U.S.  &quot;Communion&quot; has a gorgeous minor key melody that lends a wistful  air to the album.  The only lackluster contribution to this album is the  overlong instrumental &quot;Theme...&quot;, which lumbers around with the  delicacy of Godzilla on a day trip to Tokyo.  The CD release of this album  includes some alternative mixes, which will really only please diehard  fans, and will probably sound a little goofy/silly to non-fans.<br />Through  the promotional music videos (and, to a lesser extent, through the music  itself) you get a feel for SOS as a real group, not the duo backed by  studio sessionmen they later became. The happy to thoughtful to happy moods  of this album represent an optimism and pure zest for melody that are sadly  lacking in later releases. If you want to catch SOS at their most  snappingly upbeat, I heartily recommend this album.bum represent an optimism and pure zest for melody that are sadly  lacking in later releases. If you want to catch SOS at their most  snappingly upbeat, I heartily recommend this album.
1570427496|4.0|This book was good.This book was a romantic type and was truly compelling. It reminded me somewhat of Message in a Bottle, it had the romantic flar and charming chracteristics. Although this book did leave me with one  question at the end, I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good  read.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I got this CD almost as soon as it came out. I didn't really know what to expect. Wow, what a great surprise I was in for! Not only did Metallica sound great, but Micheal Kamen and the Orchestra, they added, I think, SO  much depth to some of their songs.  One of my favourites on their is  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; I liked the song before, but I think  the Orchestra made that song even better. I also loved that they had two  NEW songs on the CD, both excellent tracks. If you want my very humble  opinion, if you have never listened to Metallica before, just because they  are a heavy metal band, listen to this CD, you won't be dissapointed.
B00000ICD9|1.0|My wife and I finally rented this.  The preview looked cool, but looks can be deceiving.  With a prior knowledge of the storyline, we figured we would still enjoy the movie.  But it was, in fact, pretty bad.  The colors and  visuals are great, but the story is weak, convuluted and confusing.  Wait  for it to come out on T.V.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This is one of the best movies I ever saw! The two boys who play Julian are so cute! It's a very amusing movie, that held my attention for hours! Would recommend it for kids ages 10 &amp; up!
0553278355|5.0|No book that I have ever read can capture truth and feeling like the 'Bell Jar.'  As I read the book, I really felt as if I was Esther Greenwood, herself.  As Esther began to suffer her mental breakdown, so did I, and as  she felt nothing was really wrong with her, so did I.  I had to stop  reading and think... this woman IS crazy and in need of help, even though I  didn't really feel that as I was reading.  And as Esther began to get  better, I felt as if all the fogginess of her life slowly began to clear.   It is a known fact that the best 'stories' come from personal experience,  and the 'Bell Jar' is a top-notch example of that!
B000000W5F|1.0|&quot;START ME UP&quot; SOMEHOW,SOMEWAY,IS ACTUALLY A OK SONG (GHOSTWRITERS,PERHAPS) BUT THE REST IS THE SAME OLD SONG AND DANCE,AND BOYS, IT'S GETTING REAL,REAL OLD! FORGET THIS LUNACY, AND MICK AND  KEITH,BRIAN JONES IS UP THERE LOOKING DOWN, AND HE'S SHAKING HIS HEAD IN  DISBELIEF!
0385484518|2.0|Influenced by what I've heard about the book over the media, I rushed out to get the book as soon as I could.  It was a little disapointing to discover how light the book was.  It left me with an small void, a nagging  feeling that there should have been more to it than just that.
B00002Z88D|3.0|While I don't actually own this album myself, I feel that I've listened to my friend's copy sufficiently to write a review.  I had always been a pretty big fan of Metallica, and have always though that much of  their  work would translate well into classical arrangements (especially their  early instrumentals).  I eagarly anticipated the release of this album, but  unfortunately, after listening to it a few times, I was not very impressed,  and ultimately decided against purchasing it.  To me, the main flaw was the  boring and predictable orchestral arrangements; you have to agree, the  orchestra adds little to the vast majority of the songs here -- which,  because of my tendency to be minimalistic, makes me question why it is even  there.  There are some good songs here, though... Call Of The Ktulu, for  instance.  I wonder why they didn't include Orion....  Oh well, the album's  interesting, if nothing else.
0684872153|5.0|As I was casually browsing at the bookstore the other day, I picked up this book, scanned the first page and was instantly taken to Frank's wit and humor.  This is a superb piece and once you have had a glimpse of  little Frank's life, you'd want to be with him every step of the way.  It  never ceases to amaze me how the world is seen through a child's eyes.   Frank McCourt made me laugh, cry, love, cry and then laugh again.
0380002930|5.0|This is truly one of the best books that I have read.  I do have to admit that the beginning of the book was a little boring, but if you can get past the first 100 pages or so, Adams makes up for it 10 times over!  There are  great plot elements, and when you reach a certain point in the book, you  just can't put it down.  There are also elements in the book that make you  think about deeper things, which is why I like it all the more.  Truly,  this was a very worthwhile book to read.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|The Matrix took me to the world of make-believe and I believed it!<br />It was amazing to see the Bullit-time motions of Keanu. The effort and time it must have needed to make this video as it is now, is unbelievable!<br />Off  course, the DVD format is the only way to get the good picture at home ....
B00000JCB2|5.0|I bought this CD having listened to and loved Three Dollar Bill, Yall. I was hoping it would be similar, and at first I was a little disappointed that they had moved away from their older sound. But the more I listen to  this CD, the more I like it and see that it is a nice complement to the  first one. Personally, my favorite song is Break Stuff, but there are lots  of awesome ones like Nookie, Re-arranged, Just Like This, Trust?, Show Me  What You Got, and 9 Teen 90 Nine. A must have for Bizkit fans.
0446525537|5.0|This is a beautiful book. Well written and heartwarming. Funny and sad, one that I will remember for a long time. My 14 yr old daughter is reading it too and loves it. She is even doing a book report on it.
B000002G30|5.0|Dopes to Infinity is simply a great CD. The Instrumentals (Ego, the Living Planet, and Theme from &quot;Masterburner&quot;) are raging and powerful, and tunes like &quot;Dopes to Infinity&quot;, &quot;I Control, I Fly&quot;,  and &quot;King of Mars&quot; will have you banging your head along with the  beat. A great album. Do yourself a favor, and pick up  &quot;Powertrip&quot;, too.
B000002KD9|5.0|To Steve Knopper, the phrase &quot;Look at Mother Nature on the run in the 1970's&quot; from &quot;After The Gold Rush&quot; was a reference to pollution and the encroachment of civilization upon wilderness areas.  ..And, I agree, let's get &quot;On The Beach&quot; on CD, and I also agree  that Neil's masterstroke on the album, foreshadowing styles of popular  music that hadn't even been invented when the album came out, is  &quot;Don't Let It Bring You Down&quot;.
630463949X|2.0|The lighting, editing, and camera work for this video is poor.  Regardless, I watch live performances for the music.  The sound recording was good, but I have mixed opinions about the performance.  Mic was GREAT.   Lindsey and Stevie were also great, but Christie was unemotional -- kinda  like a non-chalet reporter.  John was okay, but let's face it -- he's not  much of a bass player.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Knowing there are people in the world capable of creating such majestic beauty in the form of music has reaffirmed my faith in humanity and in God.When buying this album, one should also consider purchasing a few extra  boxer shorts.
0553108034|5.0|Martin has done it again!  In a Clash of Kings, he continues to develop the intricate and complicated plot he began weaving in the first book.  The character development in this book is almost as strong as that of the first  book. I especially enjoyed reading about Tyrion and how he handled his  position, and about Catelyn and her efforts to live through the separation  of her family.  The many other characters, both major and minor are also  portrayed with surprising depth, allowing me to enjoy reading about each of  them.    Although, heavy on the violence and sex, this only added to the  realism that the book attempts to portray.  Overall a wonderful transition  book, and I can't wait for the third installment of A Song of Ice and Fire.
0440224764|4.0|The Partner is engrossing throughout.  The beginning is gripping and one cannot begin to put it down until the end is complete.  However, I felt compelled to share my frustration at the book's ending.  I was so looking  forward to the hero cashing in on the good life after perservering a living  hell on earth only to be truly disappointed with the heroine's callousness!  Other than the twisted ending, the book is a must read!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Make it 4 1/2 stars.  I don't own the album (yet) but one of my friends owns it and I listened to it on New Year's Eve.  Never before has Cher sounded so good.  The exuberant, throbbing dance beats on this album suit  her powerful voice very well.  Songs like &quot;All Or Nothing,&quot;  &quot;Believe,&quot; and especially &quot;The Power&quot; (which was  originally recorded by another of my favorite singers, Amy Grant) are meant  to be belted by someone like Cher.  Almost any cut on this album would have  made a great single.  This album is evidence that Cher isn't ready to bow  out gracefully yet.  How a 53-year-old can still sound so hip is amazing.   The one cut I didn't really like was &quot;Taxi Taxi.&quot;  Also, the  remix of &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is cool, but I wish she'd recorded  new vocals for it instead of simply remixing her original vocals from 1987  (the original was a #14 hit in 1988 from her self-titled Cher album on  Geffen).  In addition, Cher's version of &quot;The Power&quot; uses the  same backing vocals and instrumental track as the original Amy Grant  version from 1994, which made her version sound a little fake, even though  Cher's performance is, as always, flawless.  Those are the only iffy parts  of an otherwise EXCELLENT album.  &quot;All Or Nothing&quot; is without a  doubt my favorite on this album, though I do own the single for  &quot;Believe.&quot; CHER ROCKS!
630027179X|5.0|Uh, I'm really interested in Medeival Times so I give good reviews to almost all movies about that period. I think it's up there with Braveheart and Willow.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|On this CD is a song that is for lovers.  &quot;I knew I loed you&quot;  Is soooooooooo good.  I got this CD for a chrsitmas present and just love it.  There is alot of other songs that I knew on this CD that I didn't know  that Savage Garden sang.  I love it.  BUY IT.  It is cheaper than at your  regular superstore!
6302799066|5.0|The period between the mid-1940s and late-1980s was marked with tensions between Communist Russians and Americans. This period, best known as the Cold War, presented both paranoia and communist stereotypes into American  Society, as seen in Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to  Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb.  American Society was filled with  paranoia that a Nuclear War might happen at any time anywhere with the  Russians. Both the Russians and Americans were heavily engaged in the  nuclear arms race, refusing to have anything less than what the other side  had. The Americans built a Hydrogen Bomb, so the Russians had to build one  too (and vice versa). Dr. Strangelove depicts this paranoia to the extreme,  having an Air Force Commander (General Ripper) order nuclear bombings of a  number of Russian Strategic Sites. Regularly the president was the only  person in the United States who had the power to order the use of nuclear  weapons, but General Ripper exceeded his authority. General Ripper ordered  the use of &quot;Plan R,&quot; which was only supposed to have been used  when the normal chain of command was disrupted by a Russian Sneak Attack.  The paranoid General Ripper was motivated to start a Nuclear War by his  theory of the fluoridation of water, claiming it was the most dangerous  communist plot Americans had to face. His unauthorized use of Plan R was to  stop &quot;the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all  of our precious bodily fluids&quot;  -referring to the fluoridation of  water.  America's anti-Communist expansion ideals spread on to American  Society through stereotypes of communists. Russians were labeled as  &quot;drunken peons&quot; who will assimilate the world. Dr. Strangelove  demonstrates communist stereotypes, depicting Russians as being unable to  rise to the occasion during the brink of a global holocaust. The Russian  Premier was drunk during a phone conversation with the President of the  United States, while the President was trying to caution the Premier of the  possible nuclear destructions of several Russian Strategic Sites. After the  phone conversation, the Russian Ambassador warns of a Doomsday Device that  will automatically trigger itself off at any sign of danger, and cannot be  deactivated. The Doomsday Device was designed to deter any enemy from  attacking Russia, in fear of a global Doomsday Shroud that would inhabit  the earth for nearly 93 years. The device was only good if the world knew  about it, but because of the Premier's love for surprise, it was supposed  to have been announced on Monday -stereotyping Russian lack of common  sense.  The Cold War was the practically the most frightening period of  time the entire world had to face. Two major world powers, with weapons of  mass destruction, on the brink of a Nuclear War sending the world into a  Nuclear Winter is a conception that no human would want to imagine.  Paranoia and stereotypes are just things we are afraid might be true and  might happen, but they are nonetheless the cornerstones in starting a  conflict, and the more powerful they are...the more frightening the conflict.  But there is no harm in watching it on TV or Movie Theater unfolding in  unreal and hilarious circumstances.States, while the President was trying to caution the Premier of the  possible nuclear destructions of several Russian Strategic Sites. After the  phone conversation, the Russian Ambassador warns of a Doomsday Device that  will automatically trigger itself off at any sign of danger, and cannot be  deactivated. The Doomsday Device was designed to deter any enemy from  attacking Russia, in fear of a global Doomsday Shroud that would inhabit  the earth for nearly 93 years. The device was only good if the world knew  about it, but because of the Premier's love for surprise, it was supposed  to have been announced on Monday -stereotyping Russian lack of common  sense.  The Cold War was the practically the most frightening period of  time the entire world had to face. Two major world powers, with weapons of  mass destruction, on the brink of a Nuclear War sending the world into a  Nuclear Winter is a conception that no human would want to imagine.  Paranoia and stereotypes are just things we are afraid might be true and  might happen, but they are nonetheless the cornerstones in starting a  conflict, and the more powerful they are...the more frightening the conflict.  But there is no harm in watching it on TV or Movie Theater unfolding in  unreal and hilarious circumstances.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Every song on this album is worth listening to over and over again! It is stunning music.
B0000026NC|1.0|I have a lot of Pink Floyd, and I know a lot of Pink Floyd.  Although this CD appears to have a great lineup of songs, don't be fooled!  They sound nothing like the studio versions, and the noise of the crowd is very  distracting.  Furthermore, half of the songs are from A Momentary Lapse of  Reason, a very forgettable and banal (boring) album.  Let's face it-- Roger  Waters was a bit controlling and vitriolistic, but without him Pink Floyd  can't make a really good album.  Spend your money on something made before  1980.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Right, I know what your thinking, Blink 182 has totally sold out right?  Well i have been a fan ever since Dude Ranch was released, and i have all three U.S. releases (and more), and they did NOT sellout.  They are selling a lot more records, but hey, how can you blame them, their music rocks!   Chesire Cat is my personal favorite but this cd is still awesome,  especially Aliens Exist, which should be their next single.  I totally  recommend this cd to everyone.  If you like either of their first two  singles, you will LOVE the rest of the cd =)  Please don't leave me ...
6304080921|5.0|This is the best science-fiction movie of the 90s.    It has a brilliantly complex plot carried forward by the excellent performances of the actors.  Brad Pitt was spectacular as a raving lunatic, and Bruce Willis gave one of  his better performances as well.  Another plus is that they didn't decide  to make this a huge action blockbuster; it relies on its plot to make it  work, and work it does.  To fully appreciate the depth of this movie, you  have to watch it at least twice; you'll never catch everything the first  time.  And it's complex...I finally got the rest of my family to sit down  and watch it, and fully half of them didn't understand what was going on.  Don't get me wrong though...this was an excellent, unforgettable film.  Forget the Matrix; see 12 Monkeys.
B0000399WI|5.0|Let me understand this..When you say there is no commentary track, does it mean Freeman's narration all through the picture is missing? Or is it an extra goody they &quot;mistakenly&quot; advertised? This is crucial  beacuase I think most people who've seen it on tape and broadcasts will  agree that its freeman's narration that adds that pang/(bang?)..
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The moment I heard this CD, I was hooked. I liked their first effort, but this album far surpasses that one. Darren Hayes' voice is just incredible and the lyrics are great. You definitely won't regret buying this one if  you liked the first album, or if you're a fan of really good pop music.
6303921248|5.0|This is a wonderful story, and it's greatest redeeming feature is that it may convince young and old to actually read the brilliant novel.  Some may not know that this six tape set has extra (and wonderful) scenes that were  not in the original A&amp;E television presentation.  Many rave about Colin  Firth's DARCY, but Jennifer Ehle's ELIZABETH is just as wonderful.  Truly,  the caliber of both performances one against the other are crucial to the  quality of the film.  Just when you think you have found the great scene  stealing performer/character, you are amazed by still another!  Mrs.  Bennet, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Collins, Miss Bingley, Lady Catherine, just to name  the main delights.  The high quality of acting and the wonderfully written  characterizations are Jane Austen's icing on the cake of a wonderful love  story.  As entertainment you will not find any other film with more wit,  humor, romance, or delight.  The set is a bargain because I can promise you  that you will watch it again and again and again.  I have seen an older BBC  version of Pride and Prejudice with Elizabeth Garvie and David Rintoul.  It  was videotaped and has a authentic candle-lit quality, along with wonderful  performances of its own.  The old B&amp;W version with Greer Garson and  Lawrence Olivier is what got me to read the book in the first place.  It is  a great Hollywood version that is delightful even if the plot strays a bit.   These two are available on tape as well and I heartily recommend both of  them to anyone who enjoyed this production.  It is so smartly adapted from  Austen's novel and so full of life that it wins hands down over the other  two.  Let's hope that BBC and A&amp;E collaborate on more Austen novels  soon!
0425107469|5.0|Never has a book scared me and made me want to cry at the same time.  This book is so great! It was quite an emotional rollercoaster.  Dean Koontz made you feel all of his characters.
B00000HZFH|5.0|This is damn good. From the music to even the packaging, the CD is beautiful and I have very few complaints. Though, the drumming in &quot;Temporarily Blind&quot; is by far my favorite. Only &quot;Broken  Chairs&quot; doesn't completely blow my mind...
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is definetely a 5 star movie. It has  great actors, a brain-popping plot, and the best special effects I've seen before from any movie. The Matrix is a movie I watch over and over, so I would cetainly  recomend buying the video.
0385493800|3.0|When I read the back cover of the book I get interested in it. when I began, I thought it would have some kind of intelligent plot. After having read it; This is what i have to say:<br />- The book have some of the basic  principles of live one should apply. - Gives a description of what Pantanal  and its people look like ( And I would like to visit it some day).  I read  the Book in 3 days, I could not stop reading, but i think it was because i  was looking for fulfill my apetite (it never happend).
0792839218|3.0|Marsha Mason was great; Anthony Hopkins was great; The girl that plays Ivy becomes somewhat annoying -- but I don't think it's her (LOL). It's a lack of development between almost all characters that made the film fall flat for me. The editing and cinematography were standouts (I love 70s films - they have a charm of their own) and there are genuinely erie moments -- great for a rainy day on the couch.    In light of all the current remakes, I'm surprised someone hasn't latched on to this one.
B00000J7S8|2.0|Diana Krall has enjoyed a good deal of popularity for a jazz musician.  Understandbly, those who enjoy strings and jazz standards in a style that harkens back to Nelson Riddle and the various singers that he has arranged  for, like this album.  However, if you were impressed by the musicianship  and playing of Miss Krall et al. from her earlier albums, her latest  release will most likely be a disappointment.  Given her talent, one has to  wonder why Miss Krall doesn't take her money and prestige and cut a piano  trio album without any singing -- just hard bop playing.  We have seen many  young pianists such as Benny Green, Junko Onishi, Fred Hersch, and Marcus  Roberts nod in the direction of Monk, Ellington, Bud Powell, and other  giants in their work; can Miss Krall rise to the occasion?  What about an  album featuring her musicianship?  No one seems to have paid homage to Bill  Evans -- perhaps someday she will lose the marketing people and just play  jazz.  It would be a shame if Miss Krall chose the road of George Benson.   Too many real Jazz musicians have sacrificed the easy sell out, the  recording contracts for promises of crossovers, and kept real jazz alive.   Horace Silver, Joe Henderson, Sonny Rollins, McCoy Tyner, Cecil Taylor,  Jackie MacLean -- all these living legends of jazz have continued to play  bop when they could have sold out.  It would be reassuring to see new  talent pick up where they left off, if only for just one album.
6304873441|5.0|I don't want to rehash everthing everyone has already said. I agree with most of it: the animation was good, the songs were wonderful, the characters were fasinating. I would, however, like to add a note in defense  of the film's &quot;villians&quot;, Rasputian and Bartok. Christopher Lloyd  was Rasputian, and he made Rasputian undoubtedly the best character villian  in the history of animated films. He got so _into_ his role, obviously  having a blast with his performance while at the same time doing a  wonderful acting job. Rasputian's voice will send chills down your spine!   I had no trouble believing that Rasputian was a &quot;real&quot; person  (yes, I _know_ he was a real person, but I am talking about his cartoon  version), insane and totally determined to get revenge.  A few have said  that Bartok, the white albino bat that is Rasputian's sidekick, is an  unnecessary character, but I disagree. KUDOS to Hank Azaria as Bartok;  there was some much-needed comic relief in all of Bartok's lines. His  timing was excellent, and he got the best lines of the film. A character  was needed for Rasputian's lines and personality to bounce off of: Bartok  is the ideal character, or bat, for the job!   His sense of humor made the  scenes all the more enjoyable, and were something of a grounding point. I  can't explain it any better than that!  To Hank Azaria; great job! This was  a great movie, for kids and adults alike. Enjoy! . . . and see the film  &quot;All Dogs Go To Heaven&quot; while you're at it!  :)
0316779237|2.0|Two of Five stories were good.<br />I first heard David Sedaris on NPR and laughed out loud then. He may have read the Front Row Center piece.  I was happy to receive the new book on Christmas morning.  I was naive to this  depressed guy.<br />I have learned from this book that Sedaris has a gloomy  dark side.  If he writes humor, great.  These black essays are creative  writing exercises for manic depressives, great ones though.  The review  does not report that these are such un-fun stories.  That was my  expectation and David did not deliver.  I want my money back.   ( Oh well,  it was a gift ) <br />Here is the editorial review which suggests that,  &quot;Holidays on Ice is a collection of three previously published stories  matched with three newer ones, all, of course, on a Christmas theme. David  Sedaris's darkly playful humor is another common thread through the book,  worming its way through &quot;Seasons Greetings to Our Friends and  Family! '' a chipper suburban Christmas letter that spirals dizzily out of  control&quot;....  Yea, and dizzyingly black and un-funny. <br />Glad I did  not buy it.  Don't if you expect humor. Do if you want a collection of  other stuff.
0783228317|1.0|Hunter Thompson's brillance is lost in this terrible adapation.  Problem is that the book is largely composed of internal dialogue which is too difficult to turn into cinema.<br />Nice try, but no thanks!
B00000K2SC|5.0|I think that this is one of the greatest movies of all time and I really think you should get it if you havent already!  When you watch this movie, you get a totally different idea from the begining to the end of what it is  about!  It is interesting and when you watch it you just won't want to  stop!  The action doesn't stop and it never gets boring!  You've got to  get it!
B00002E233|1.0|Deep Blue Sea was a very disappointing film to watch, and came way short of being entertaining. First of all and most importantly, the sharks in this movie look way too computer animated, just like Anaconda's reptile, to  be thought of as real. The sharks may try to be smart, but they sure looked  dumb. The characters are not all that interesting either, except for Samuel  Jackson small time on screen. LL Cool J needs to start taking more acting  lessons and less beauty pagent, wannabee lessons.  At times I thought I was  watching one of those cheesy B-films on Showtime. This movie made me sea  sick for all the wrong reasons! Jaws is still the king, and has nothing to  worry about.
B00000AFFF|5.0|It's been years since an album has had the radical impact that 'painted from memory' has had on me. The average duration, typically held by me, for listning to a new releases is about a month. Ive been hooked on this effort  for about a year now. The special time I like to listen to it is on those  late nights when I find myself driving home. The CD lives in my car. It's  not the kind of CD your going to pull out at a party, but it is instead a  special mood CD. Alone, late at night, driving home, the simple yet  sturring melodies and the sometimes dreamy, remenicent and sad lyrics carry  me away into a reflective state, separating me completelly from a hectic  day and suspending my emotions in a state where time seems to stand still.  The album might not be for everyone, but for all who are at least a little  pensive about life, the irony of it all, the way things turn out, this  could be a deeply personal, touching selection.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is awesome  thats all i can say. the mix between symphony and heavy metal rocks with the best music band in the world.  &quot;no leaf clover,&quot; and &quot;for whom the bell tolls&quot; are the best and i  highly recommend purchasing this cd
B00001QGPR|5.0|Lets forget the analyitical biography........ok so 'Outside' was intriging and 'Earthling' was just colorful...but 'Hours' just keeps me hanging on!  I cannot get a moment to play anything else these days, in fact, I bought  Iggy's 'Avenue B' on the same day and I have'nt been able to give it a  serious spin as yet, since Dave's 'Hours' just won't let me go!<br />The  lovely 'Thursdays Child' opens up and laments while 'Something in the Air'  is an unusual slice of menacing techo/rock, 'Survive' strums along nicely  as it exudes melody, 'If I'm Dreaming My Life' is a luxurious whirlpool of  ideas in motion,'Seven' is simple and childlike,'What's Really Happenning'  is a damn good lyric by a net competition winner with Bowie providing the  music and Reeves dishing out a very cool guitar lick, 'The Pretty Things  Are Going To Hell' is an out and out rocker type and it wouldn't have been  out of place on 'Earthling', its the least likeable track on the album,  'New Angles Of Promise'is 80's reflective harking back to the likeness of  The Banshees.....nice, 'Brilliant Adventure' is not quite as good as  'Crystal Japan, but it loops to satisfaction, and finaly, the album closes  with 'The Dreamers'(could also be a movie title)providing us with a melodic  climber, taking you out of the whole art of Bowie things.  He's looking  good, playing good live sets and this album will keep you tick tock 'till  the next time round.
0590353403|5.0|The book 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is an amazing book!  As I began to read it I thought, 'Oh no, this book is only going to talk about the Durley's(Harrys Aunt, Uncle and their son).'  I kept reading and after  Chapter Six... I COULD NOT PUT THE BOOK DOWN!   I love Rowlings' style and  the story is indeed MAGICAL!  I actually rate his book with 10 stars... not  5... seriously, I amno kidding.  Its THAT good! :)
6305064490|5.0|Amazon sent me a replacement copy of this on dvd. The previous copy was poorly encoded and the new one is fine.   Thank you Amazon for your quick response and easy exchange.
B000002KIE|4.0|A good punk record, but the Stooges Fun House and Raw Power set the standard many years before.
B000000H5K|5.0|This cd is by far one of the best cd's I have ever heard. Its heavy, powerful, and just plain brutal. The best tracks were hard to pick because it is all so good, but Roots Bloody Roots, Straighthate, and Attitude were  my favorites. My only problem with this is that they were trying to sound  like Korn a little bit, and thats dissapointing because they already had  their own unique sound with Chaos A.D.(my favorite of theirs) and they just  didnt follow in that direction. But, other than that, this is an excellent  cd, and you will not be dissapointed by it.
B000023VTQ|5.0|I enjoyed this movie thoroughly! Very well done. Throughout the movie, you can't help wondering if this was based on a true story. Very cute; but leave the little kids at home. Though it is somewhat predictible(almost all  romantic comedies are), it is a WONDERFUL film that leaves you with a good,  happy feeling.
B000000WJZ|5.0|When  &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; broke, they were considered a grunge/alternative band. Pumpkins didn't deny this, they let the music speak for themselves. This album, produced by Garbage  drummer/&quot;Nevermind&quot; producer, Butch Vig, is a work of art. It  lead alternative rock to its heyday. Billy left &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;  to kiss alternative goodbye. &quot;Adore&quot; was the new sound, and with  the release of &quot;The Everlasting Gaze&quot; Billy brings what's going  to be the return of rock.
B00000D9TK|1.0|does people just prefer cheesy and corny songs like these, come on have a life, she can't sing at alL!
B000003TA4|5.0|-Smell Like Teen Spirit or the rest of side &quot;A&quot; (if you bought the tape) are not the best songs on the album in my opinion, the tunes never played on the radio are: Lounge Act, Stay Away etc.-Contrary to the  what the one star negative reviewers have written here, Kurt Cobain WAS a  good guitarist. &quot;Yeah but he only plays three chords blah blah  blah&quot;. Yeah well, if thatss so easy then where's YOUR cd? Every song  on Nevermind has an instantly catchy hook, that you didn't write. Maybe  it's easy to learn to his songs, but not to create them.-This is NOT the  greatest CD ever made. Pick a musical group off the top of your head, any  group. Now search for them at Amazon and you'll see a reviewer proclaiming  that &quot;this is the greatest cd ever made! &quot; No. No CD is, it's all  a matter of opinion. -Nirvana was incredibly influential in the 90's, but  the only decent imitator I've listened to were Bush. A horrible one was  Offspring. When I heard the first few notes of their Self-Esteem song I  almost vomited because it sounded almost exactly like Teen Spirit.-Dave  Grohl is a really good drummer. From what I understand he wasn't with them  on Bleach, their first CD. I wonder what happened to that original drummer.  Poor guy. Any Nevermind lover that doesn't own Bleach is really missing  out.-Anyway, this is a truly great CD and the only one I've ever given five  stars here at Amazon. Oh wait, I gave Britney Spears five stars too. Her CD  Baby One More Time is the greatest cd ever made.
B000007SIN|5.0|Gaucho is the most &quot;noir&quot; of all their albums. It is filled with a bunch of crazy characters from some sort of LA twilight zone underground culture; strange deals are always being made, people disappear, that sort  of thing. It wasn't my favorite album at first, but it really grew on me.  Especially &quot;Third World Man,&quot; by far their spookiest song. It's  mellow beyond beleif.
B00000JBEI|3.0|My girlfriend originally gave me the cassette of this recording when it first came out, and I absolutely went nuts over it.  However, when the CD-3 came out, I got it and was disappointed by the editing done to Tougher Than  The Rest and to Chimes of Freedom.  Now that the CD was reissued, I had  hoped that Columbia would have the good sense with the conventional CD  format to restore Tougher and Chimes to original length.  They still stuck  with the old CD-3 edits!   Now, I grant that the intro to Chimes is rather  dated, since it was done to promote the Amnesty International tour in  progress at that time.  However, they could have at least restored Tougher,  guitar solo and all.  While I love this collection of songs, and it is  great that Sony brought back this disc from the grave, I still have to give  the CD reissue a ONE star rating for the unforgivable non-remastering done  to it.  If you don't want to shell out for the import version, stick with  the cassette version---it contains the full tracks from the LP/tape  original masters, and the sound for a cassette is a Bruce fan's dream come  true.  FIVE stars for the cassette version---in fact, buy TWO of the tape,  because you will want to play that first copy until it is run to the  ground!
0783235666|5.0|I love this movie!  Alfred Hitchcock is my all-time favorite director!   How could anyone not like this movie?  The ending is super cool, too, cause it lets you finish the story however you want it to end.
B00000D9TK|1.0|does people just prefer cheesy and corny songs like these, come on have a life, she can't sing at alL!
6300214826|5.0|Apocolypse Now is one of the greatest war movies of all time. It is realistic, and suspensful, and has a beleavable plot, and great special effects.
B000002GEV|5.0|Breakfast in America is good, and it should be a part of any thorough album collection, but I think  Crime of the Century is a little bit better. It's more cohesive conceptually and varied musically. There's sort of a  story, but it's more about mood and atmosphere. It's kind of bleak,  espcially &quot;Rudy,&quot; there's just something really sad about the way  that song sounds. Its more angry than ironic--I think that's why I like it  better than Breakfast in America. There's a lot of passion in this record.
B0000296SI|5.0|Blink rocks! I mean literally rocks!  I bought this cd because I love &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot;and &quot;All The Small Things.&quot; The more I listen to it, the better it gets!
B000005KC1|5.0|i think mariah carey is the best singer in this world, from her songs u can clearly see why, from the stunning performance in my all and honey to the really groovy feel in ths roof, butterfly spreading out to the sky and  elevate her vocals in outside, and beautiful ones is a great track ! buy  the album and this single u will love it!
6301208773|4.0|This film is about an off-duty cop that goes to Los Angeles to see his wife but ends up running around the building with 12 terrorists after him. John McLaine(Bruce Willis) does actually get shot but you don't really  notice it. I think it is very weird that only two hostages are shot. There  is alot of cursing in it. But there are some hillarious jokes in it.
B000002J1L|5.0|This is Genesis at their most experimental, just wildly doing whatever they wanted, recording songs with titles such as &quot;Return of the Giant Hogweed&quot; and &quot;The Fountain of Salmacis.&quot; The album has a  nice hard rock feel to it in parts--their earlier work was more somber, and  after a few albums they lost their hard rock edge and just went commercial.  But they are very raw on this album, the first recorded with perhaps the  definitive Genesis lineup: Gabriel, Hackett, Rutherford, Banks, and  Collins. It's a shame these songs have become obscure.
0684874350|4.0|Great novel.You have to read this book
B00000D9TK|1.0|does people just prefer cheesy and corny songs like these, come on have a life, she can't sing at alL!
B000003TBP|4.0|I chose 2 bought this record after I had bought his newest album &quot;Midnite Vultures&quot;. Because Midnite Vultures is the 1st time that i listen 2 beck, the songs r really wonderful so i decided 2 collect all of  his albums. When the 1st time that i listen 2 this cd, I hated it, i  thought only Devi's Haircut and New Pollution are good. However, after i  had read the reviews on amazon.com, i tried 2 pay more effort on listening  this cd, and pay more attention 2 the songs that the customers suggested,  then i liked it. But i still not agree with the people say &quot;every song  can b released as a single&quot;. After all, Odelay is not perfect!
B000002J09|4.0|Led Zeppelin wasn't about gothic fantasy (Battle of Evermoor) as the runes suggest. In the first track &quot;Black Dog&quot; you see what Zeppelin really stood for (hey baby when you walk that way/  watch your honey drip  can't keep away) if you've only heard Stairway To Heaven. Maybe they  weren't epic like Dark Side of the Moon, but Black Dog was an awesome  track. Then we have &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;, fair work. Then comes  &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot;, the only thing on the album that could  really prelude Stairway To Heaven. Battle of Evermore is an interesting  fantasy battle. Then we have &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;, the most  popular song on the radio as of now. Everyone should hear the masterpiece  classic that easily rises above the rest of the tracks, more powerful than  anything Zeppelin may have ever done (possible exception of Kashmir) and in  my eyes is one of the greatest songs ever written that everyone should  hear. Next comes Misty Mountain Hop, a bit of a filler. Four Sticks,  nothing really interesting either. The last tracks are good songs too.  Overall a great work, an essential album. If you like the love/sex songs  I'd recommend Led Zeppelin II. If you really like both albums get Zeppelin  I. I wasn't extremely fond of the rest of the albums. But this ranks up  with the great work of the day in my opinion (Abbey Road, Dark Side of the  Moon and all the other masterpieces of the late 60's, early 70's)  with a  few fillers but enough to be worth the money. Go buy it!
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Excellent material. It couldn't be better. If you're a Collins' fan go get it.You won't be dissapointed at all!  It's so good to take this cd with you wherever you go!
B00000IAU3|5.0|First heard a Dido song on Fox TV's &quot;Get Real&quot; program.  I am usually wary of buying a CD after hearing only one song -- but this CD was a good bet!  All the songs are good -- she is so easy to listen to and she  seems so passionate about what she is singing.  Bought one for my  high-school age niece for her birthday as well.
B00001ODGR|5.0|This is a must have for all Styx fans.  The picture and sound quality is incredible.  The camera angles are excellent.  You will not be disappointed...  The extras on the DVD are also interesting.
B000002U82|4.0|Be open minded! See the world! Do dope! (no please don't) See the colors of the world.  Said to be Pink Floyd's greatest album (I wouldn't know, but I'm going to get a few more and I'll be very happy if they're near this  cool) This is possibly the most interesting cd I own. The lyrics are  interesting, the sound is powerful. The cd takes you through a voyage of  time, money, and life (and a bit more) some would have to be high to  appreciate. Great cd that will endure through generations, everyone should  enjoy it.
0790729989|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of the best movies of the 90s. It takes a very dark subject (serial killers) and handles it flawlessly, without watering it down or exploiting it. There is also a ton of style here by the  brilliant David Fincher (again, in my opinion, one of the best directors  alive).<br />Seven is very dark and very interesting visually - it presents  New York as a hellish, wet, urban nightmare. A serial killer is on the  loose, punishing those who commit one of the 7 deadly sins; you know the  storyline. Each murder is more chilling and gruesome than the last. We  watch as Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt (who are BOTH excellent in this) try  to catch &quot;John Doe.&quot; Warning: this next part is a spoiler, but  you probably know this already. John Doe turns out to be played by the very  talented Kevin Spacey, who is absolutely chilling in this, one of his best  performances. The terribly tense finale is a tad predictable, but very  effective anyway.<br />If you enjoyed Seven, be sure and see Fight Club, which  is also a very, very good movie directed by David Fincher. In short, Seven  is a spectacular movie that you simply have to see.
0783216084|5.0|Many people criticize this movie because the shark looks so fake.  I refute this with the style of direction by Steven Spielberg.  He is a genius for focusing the story on the attack of the shark, rather than on  the shark itself.  Most of the maulings are done without ever getting a  shot of Jaws.  The openning sequence confirmed the fact that I will never  go anywhere near the ocean at night, EVER! We don't actually witness the  shark until well into the story.  This manifests the true horror of the  movie.  The viewer becomes scared of the water, terrified to progress into  the deep of the ocean, because we can't see what's out there and possibly  waiting for us.  This is the true definition of a horror movie, a flic that  scares us using our minds rather than our eyes.  <br />Also, Shaw, Dreyfuss,  Scheidner, and Hamilton are brilliant in portraying their characters.  Your  not sure whether to root for the shark or for Shaw.
6304119046|5.0|I reccomend Citizen Kane to anyone who loves movies.  The plot is a realistic story of how a man's life is changed by greed, and how he fruitlessly tries to buy love.  The way this black-and-white movie is  filmed only serves to accentuate the feelings going through it.  The ending  is also good, leaving the viewer satisfied.  It definitley deserves five  stars.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Here we have a political band that thinks the Beatles &quot;If you're going to listen to Chairman Mao&quot; putdown was WRONG (check out senderro luminoso and an old spin profile - these guys are fans of Mao!  Morello has  also defended Sudan, a government that helps enslave Christian and other  non-Muslims living in the south).  Either anything short of Hitler is  accepted these days, or fans don't care about politics if the music is  good, or they don't get past the &quot;Free Mumia&quot; sloganeering as to  what this band is about.
0688170528|5.0|This book was absolutely incredible!  The characters are believable, and their story is touching.  If you have ever been in love, you will be able to relate to at least one of the characters in this book.  Their pain will  course right through you.  It would make for a remarkable movie, and it  deserves to be added into Oprah's Book Club.
6305622833|5.0|Entrapment is so twisty and has so many characters that it kept me guessing the whole movie. Sean Connery was great except I wonder if a younger guy would have been better. Catherine Zeta-Jones was casted well. I  would definately recommend this movie for everyone.
B000002KLG|5.0|i loved this disc and still do.the title track was the jam.love x love is also tight.i love to hear george benson playing guitar.he has one of the baddest tones ever.his vocal&amp;strumming trademark is always on point.a  solid disc.
0679746048|5.0|I read this book before it was going to be a movie and thought it was wounderful. I loved it and I hope that a lot of people will give it a chance and not just see the movie. It really makes me question who really  is sane and insane. This book really makes you think a lot.
B000002AV5|5.0|this lady has style&amp;substance in her work.as writer the words speak of loss&amp;pain.much like luther vandross.the music is soothing and relaxing.that's the trademark of the band.her style fits in with whatever  is happening in music.it is often emulated but never duplicated.that's the  test of time for sade.
0446525537|4.0|LIKE ALWAYS I LOVED NICHOLAS SPARKS LATEST BOOK. IT HAS THE APPEAL THAT THE NOTEBOOK HAD AND A MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE HAD. HIS BOOKS ALWAYS MAKE ME LAUGH AND CRY. YOU CARE ABOUT HIS CHARACTERS AND YOU FEEL WHAT THEY FEEL.  IT IS A MUST READ FOR ANY SPARKS FAN. I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE TO COME  OUT.
B000001FY9|5.0|this man has written&amp;recorded some of the most important songs ever.he had a vision for freedom&amp;equality.his words&amp;music spoke of standing up&amp;fighting back.also of enlightment and loving yourself.it's sad that  he had to die and be respected many many moons later.but he is a musical  trailblazer just like stevie wonder&amp;curtis mayfield.
6305358613|5.0|Shakespeare In Love won many Oscars in the same year that this movie was released, which was a pity as though both are excellent in completely different ways, this film is much more worthy of your attention.  Interestingly many actors appeared in both productions. All the actors here  give stellar performances enhanced by the film's stunning cinematography.  The directors commentary is so worthwhile, humorous, informative &amp;  self-deprecating that this really two discs in one. Buy it - play it and  enjoy.
B000006NUW|5.0|the baddest label ever.and the talent and the songs speak volumes of there impact.these songs are worldly treasures.who doesn't know motown? probably the single most important label in music history.these songs weren't only  great but they also bridged racial&amp;age gaps.true great work holds up  for centurys and this one will continue thru all eternity.so much  talent,genius&amp;hardwork here.
B000005J56|5.0|The music on this CD is very reminiscent of the music I heard as a kid growing up in northern New Mexico, and can be summed up in one word &quot;INCREDIBLE&quot;
B000002LOE|5.0|You just can't get better than this CD...It is a work of pure genius. From the beautiful chords that begin &quot;Radio Song,&quot; which blends straight into &quot;Losing My Religion,&quot; which I believe is one of the  greatest songs ever written, it's amazing. Then the wonderful, downbeat  &quot;Low,&quot; seguing into the devestatingly beautiful &quot;Near Wild  Heaven.&quot; That song gets me every time. And then a beautiful  instrumental, &quot;Endgame,&quot; which I also love. Then one of the most  upbeat songs I have ever heard and one that always puts me in a great mood,  &quot;Shiny Happy People.&quot; I know that many people complain about this  song, but I think it is wonderful. Not only does it show that, as a band,  they do not have a totally cynical outlook on the world, but there are some  beautiful harmonies. It reminds me of a &quot;California Dreamin'&quot;  type song or a Fleetwood Mac type song. I think people resent it too much  when a group puts out a purely joyful song...Most call it &quot;selling  out.&quot; To me, that's garbage..I call it artistic expression. But  anyway, this goes right into a beautiful haunting poem/song called  &quot;Belong,&quot; which has some beautiful imagery. The next two songs  together speak of a Utopia, a perfect world that Stipes dreams of going to:  &quot;Half a World Away&quot; and &quot;Texarkana.&quot; The same ideas are  carried through &quot;Country Feedback&quot; and &quot;Me in Honey.&quot;  In fact, despite what many have said, I find this to be an extremely  consistent album with images that carry out throughout every song, as if  they are all stories being told by the same character. From the giddy  (Shiny Happy People) to the introspective (Losing My Religion) to the  sublime (Near Wild Heaven), it speaks of escape to a better world (Near  Wild Heaven, Belong, Half a World Away, Texarkana, Country  Feedback)--perhaps &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; is the Utopia for which  Stipes searches in the other songs.  There are songs of love and regret (Me  in Honey, Losing My Religion), and commentary on modern life (&quot;Radio  Song,&quot; which also continues the theme of escape and the world being  destroyed or &quot;collapsing&quot;--This theme is also seen in  &quot;Belong&quot; and echoes R.E.M.'s earlier song, &quot;It's the End of  the World (As We Known It).&quot;) A wonderful, wonderful album and  essential for a collection of the greatest music ever made.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I got this CD for my birthday, and was duly impressed by the freshness and variations represented. Making it clear that Carlos continues to grow an mature.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|This is the real deal.  Fiona Apple's debut album &quot;Tidal&quot; was an impressive start, but this second album &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; truly rattles the mind and commands artistic agility.  Fiona's confidence shines  through, and she sings in a voice at once fierce and startlingly  vulnerable. Songs like &quot;Paper Bag&quot; and &quot;Get Gone&quot; are  especially masterful, but the whole album remains strong with every listen.
0800136586|5.0|I've always loved htis movie since I was a kid, and still love this movie. Even though this movie had some flaws, thoes flaws wewe quickly replace, let me give you some examples.<br />1. It didn't focus on the depresion that  much, but did have a five minute scene focusing on it.<br />2. it cut out 5  songs from this musicla, but replaces them with 5 show-stoping numbers,  such as (and my personal favorite song) &quot;Sign&quot; wich was made up  by Carol Burnett and Albert FInney.<br />   Now compare it ot the'99 Diney  virsion. 1. THis version has the radio studio scene with &quot;Bert  Healy&quot; during &quot;Your Never Fully Dressed&quot; were the Disney  does not.<br />2.This version has a 6 minute version of &quot;Easy  Street&quot;, with The villins by themselfs, while the disney version has  about a 4 minute number with them dancing in the street, so it's easy to  focus on whats going on in the backround.<br />   Now these, and other  factors, can tribute to the conclusion that this version is by far more  better then the Disney. another thing I like about this version is it has  an All-Star cast, with such actors Carol Burnett, Albert Finny, Tim Curry,  and a special apperance by Peter Marshall of game show fame. THis relly is  truly THe best version ever
6302293553|5.0|Yes, I saw it 26 times in the first week of it's release. Contrary to popular belief, this was the 1st of only 3 Python feature films (And Now For Something Completely Different was simply a compilation of Series One  sketches; The Life of Brian &amp; The Meaning of Life completing the  trilogy...no other film included the entire Python team). For Python  purists, this truely is the HOLY GRAIL.  Carry on the hilarity by seeing  John Cleese in 'Faulty Towers' (available in U.S. on video). By his own  admission, this was the finest work by Cleese and the reason he made only 2  seasons and no more telly shows. He will also save the day for future  'James Bond' films as 'R', replacing 'Q' (the late Desmond Lewellyn). Must  go now; someone at the door asking to see my 'live organ transplant' card.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this cd is one of the best i ever herd.My favorite songs are nookie,rearranged,just like this and dont go off wandering. Intro is the weardest song i ever herd.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden is no-question one of the best bands out there today and they have shown it with Affirmation.  With Darren's angelic voice and Daniels melodies, this cd becomes a masterpiece, touching every part of  your soul.  Everyone that buys this cd has to relate to at least one of the  songs. BUY THIS CD, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED!
B000002UDB|4.0|it's too bad that the movie was pretty pointless, because the album is really great, my favorites being &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;I am the Walrus&quot;.  Paul's catchy &quot;Baby you're a Rich  Man&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; are worthy as well, as is George's  &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;.  and what's a beatles collection without  &quot;All you Need is Love&quot;?
B00002E233|1.0|There was a scene in which Samuel Jackson was getting angry &amp; I couldn't help but wonder if his motivation was directed towards his Agent of Director Renny Harlin for trying to destroy his career with this movie.   Obviously a hollowed, pointless marketing scheme to try to appeal to as  large an audience as possible (sharks, rappers, Samuel L. for clout, yada  yada )and they made the rest up as they went along. Watch Samuel L. try to  fake his enthusiasm during the director's take option on the DVD. Actually  pretty funny. Ripoff attempt of Jaws (death by electrocution and  explosion)and SNL(&quot;I'm just a sand shark, mam&quot;)by either a  confused or inept team.  I'd write more, but I think there is shark hiding  behind my desk waiting to bite my head off.
6304500483|4.0|the idea of the crow does not deal specifically and exclusively to the character of Eric, in the first movie.  the crow idea of bringing back a dead one who was wronged has been expanded in the this movie.  the  characters in the movie are not supposed to replace the Eric or Brandon  Lee, but rather present a different view of the love that can bring someone  back.  i think a lot of people see this movie as moving in on Brandon Lee's  territory or something, and that's simply not true.  to do that one would  have had to recreate the Eric and Shelley senerio and do it over again.   this movie has wonderfully dark cinamatography that adds to the whole auro  of the hispanic-based city scenes and a beatiful score done by graeme  revell.  a delightful return to an age old myth.
B0000203YT|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is one of the best movies I have seen.  I was lucky enough to get into the theatre, being underage and all, and when I did, I was thankful.  I've never like Gwenyth, but she is awesome in this movie.   Although I must admit this movie is not for everybody, I certainly enjoyed  it.
6305205620|5.0|I was at this concert and the DVD is even better! Sound and audio are incredible! New and old songs sound better than ever.
B00002E233|4.0|I wasn't expecting alot out of this movie, so imagine my surprise when I watched it! There's no way you could drift off to sleep in this movie. I was on the edge of my seat through most of the movie! I even woke my poor  dog at one point when I screamed out. If your interested in watching an eye  opening movie than this is the one for you!
6300263673|5.0|Can't believe I watched it on tv twice in a row - my hubby snickered and wouldn't watch it with me - at 33 yrs. old you would think maybe it wouldn't appeal as much as when I was 21 but - WOW!  It is a beautiful love  story which, hopefully, many of us ladies can identify with.  The dance  scenes where she keeps getting embarrassed, tickled and giggles and they  keep repeating it until she gets it &quot;right&quot; - yowsa!  Hot stuff!   I have to say this is the most sensual and sexy movie I have ever viewed -  and basically no nudity - what chemistry.  Anyhow, will have to break down  now and buy the video - can't stand to have to wait for it on tv again or  rent it multiple times.  Enjoy!
6305399212|5.0|- just buy this one. Not only will you be treated to the mind-blowing force of this incredible science fiction masterpiece, you'll also be able to see new scenes which add to the action and create much more depth to the  film. Sigourney Weaver stuns us all with her portrayl of Ripley, who has  been revived fifty-seven years after the original Nostromo massacre to face  a planet full of aliens, and a shipful of Marines to stop them. James  Cameron develops the original idea with a new class of alien, a fitting  nemesis for Ripley as she and the remaining Marines, along with a girl  named Newt and a treacherous Company executive, fight to survive. The movie  has everything: a race against time, a terrifying enemy, the overall  feelings of suspense, claustrophobia and terror mixed with Ripley's furious  personality as she faces her old fears. Truly amazing.
B000002JS0|5.0|High Voltage begins with a great song, continues with some steady beats, including some blues. T.N.T. is the best song you'll ever hear. I have many cd's made by top metal and hard rock bands, and High Voltage is one of my  favorites.
0780622642|2.0|Oh dear. I really want to write something nice about Lost In Space, but I just can't. It had everything going for it: a good cast and some fantastic special effects. It's just the rest of it that makes you cringe. For  starters, Lost In Space is suffering a severe identity crisis. At the  beginning we have a rip-roaring opening sequence, which leads onto an  interesting segment after they get lost about a ship infested with  mechanical spiders, which is great for everybody. It then slides downhill  with a slushy, sentimental middle section and an ending which has you  wondering what age group it's aimed at. It's trying to be a family film as  well as an action-packed sci-fi movie, and the two just don't gel - it's  like trying to splice the Matrix with a Disney movie. You could almost see  Matt LeBlanc and Gary Oldman struggling to make something out of their  lines, but in the latter part of the film LeBlanc seemed to find it easy to  slip back into his &quot;cuddly Joey&quot; role from Friends. The dialogue  is pretty stilted, the characters somewhat cliched and to be honest, this  is a script I was longing to take Tippex and a pen to. And I have to ask  someone this: what was the point of that annoying yellow creature which  seemed to be stuck in for no reason whatsoever?
B00000JG4N|1.0|Two words: Spinal Tap.  If you thought Spinal Tap was a real Heavy Metal band, this album is for you.
0156528207|5.0|This is a best book that I have ever read. Everytime that I read this book (I read it more than 15 times) I learn new lessons.I suggest you (that are not grown-ups) read this book every year. Please read this not see it, to  find a secret of life (to tame), that never grown-ups can undrestand.
B000007T1M|5.0|Wow!  This cd is truley amazing!  I have to say that SOAD is one of the best bands I've ever heard.  This band offers a really original sound, one like no other band out there.  Serj Tankian (vocolist) has a bizzare voice  which is so wackey that it is sometimes funny to listen to.  However, if  there was any humor it is quickly gone when the music becomes loud and he  starts screaming.  The lyrics are also original.  SOAD sings their  political veiws on the world, and all though I don't neccecerily agree with  all of them, it is still interesting to listen to.  But, to wrap it up I'd  say SOAD is one of the most original, daring, and talented bands ever, and  I'd recomend this cd to anyone who is mad at the world. . . or is just a  metal fan!
B0000399WI|4.0|Shawshank Redemption is a great movie - probably one of the best of all time.  It is, however, neither Tim Robbins nor Morgan Freeman's best work.  It is the set-up, the content, the aura, and the mood that makes it so  great.  DVD has once again presented these aspects in a  movie-theater-quality format, both picture quality and sound.  The extra  features on the DVD are abysmal, though - a major downside.  (One  theatrical trailer and a few production stills)  Buy Shawshank for its  content and nothing more.  Buy it because you'll love it.
B000002C1X|5.0|A rock masterpiece. Have been listening to the album since its release, and have thoroughly enjoyed the album each and every time.
0380730405|5.0|This book is such a treasure. My family has been wanting me to read it for quite some time, and now that I've finished I can see why.  This novel is a perfect gift for a 14-18 year old girl, but all ages would love it.
B00000634J|5.0|Just the picture on the cover is reason enough to buy this cd what a lot of people may not understand is JOHN LENNON has an auro about him that just wont go away take a look and believe     thank you
B00000J2KT|4.0|I absolutely love this movie.  The first half of the movie is all about boot camp.  Boot camp in the movie is very, very close to the way boot camp is today, though i never did go through the crucible so i can't compare it  to that.  And the scenes from Hue City are compelling and prove that every  marine is a rifleman, just look at the way Joker takes over Cowboy's squad.   Coming from an infantry unit, 5th marines to be specific, this movie is  outstanding.
B000002UB3|5.0|Even after 30+ years this cd is still selling well. It is always charts high on amazon.com    I just wish EMI would update its stats in the  USA they are very slow and also world wide I bet it has sold 30 million
0441172717|5.0|i love this book.  wish i'd read it sooner.  all i have to say is that everytime i had to stop reading it for some reason or another, i felt like i had to drink lots of powerade and eat lots of salty potato chips
B0000025IE|1.0|I hate this cd. It sounds like he's smashing his guitar on his head. Dont waste your money.  I prefer Blink 182 or Offspring.
B00002E23H|5.0|A great movie to add to your collection. It made me jump out of my seat lots of times. The acting was great!  It was very unpredictable. You didn't know who will die and who will survive. A thrill ride I know when the price  lowers, I'M GETTING IT!  You'll be surprised at it seeing that only 2   people survived. Do give a little hint, there not the stars that is for  sure. If you love action, horror, and great special effects, This is  defanitly the one for you!
B000002IFP|4.0|On the contrary, I think this is a sophisticated selection of songs that grabs onto the listener.  I only own this one and &quot;Life&quot; (which I also like very much; &quot;Blue&quot; is pretty awful).
B00002E23H|5.0|If you like action packed movies, you'll be stuck to this movie the first time you see it! Very unpredictable! The people you think survive, don't and vise versa. I was surprised at the end of the movie because only two  people survived. I reccommend this movie to anybody who loves action.  Anybody who thinks this movie stinks, is really the one who is stinky. LL  cool J is funny and has a good role in this masterpiece. P.S. Don't put  your feet in the water!
0425152251|3.0|Sophie's World is a good way to get yourself started if you want to read about philiosophy.<br />But the fact that Jostein Gaarder attempts to explain philosophy in a fictional frame is not only a strength. It becomes a  weakness in as much as the novel fades more and more towards the end,  instead of growing more and more exciting. Gaarder plays a bit with meta  effects but gets to little out of their possibilities. Maybe because he  wants too many things.
B000002NC4|5.0|This album is incredible, these guys deserve to be bigtime, but since the music business works the way it does, that probably won't happen... Think Radiohead only better, actually I can't really compare them to Radiohead,  amazing band, incredible production, this recording haunts you it's so  good.<br />If you like Radiohead, Pink Flyod, and some of the later era  Beatles stuff you'll find this album incredible.
B000002C25|4.0|If you loved (What's The Story) Morning Glory you're gonna love Be Here Now too. A dozen of explosive songs with that little something which makes it unmistakeably oasis (and I never thought they sound like The  Beatles!).<br />Fade In/Out is the second best song the band's ever done,  and the rock'n'roller I Hope, I Think, I Know is a very melodic, straight  forward song. Great!<br />This album is simply... GOOD. Buy it! You won't be  disappointed! Every single track is worth listening to.
6304539258|5.0|Every time I see this (which is a lot) I just love it more. Everything about it is so perfect I don't know where to begin. There's really too much to say about this movie to fit in a review - so see it for yourself. I'm  sure it won't let you down.
B000001E8P|4.0|If you can get hold of the box set of Different Class, do it! The other CD in the box Second Class is even better than the main CD.<br />And this IS good stuff. The happy way in which Pulp sings about tragic comic situations  of everyday life makes you join in singing, but it also makes you think.  After all, life's worth living.<br />For a long time, I used a part of the  track Ansaphone on my ansaphone.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is WONDERFUL!  I LOVE it!  I have seen this movie 12 times and I love it more every time I watch it!  The special effects are fantastic! The dialog and storyline is great!  It has very well developed  charactors, and they did a great job casting!  I'm really looking forward  to Matrix II and Matrix III! I hope they are as good as this one!  To  those of you who do not like this movie, you have a right to your own  opinion, but you would have to be crazy, or have no imagination not to love  this movie! If you have never seen this movie, go and rent it as soon as  you can! Thanks! Bye!
1556587864|2.0|I had heard that this movie was exellent so when i had a chance to see it,i did!And i was surprised to find out how much was exposed,i had heard that Sharon Stone was not ashamed of her body,obviously not! She showed  more than i would of liked to have seen.It seems all the movie is about is  sex rather than a murder,after the movie is over you will  say,&quot;murder?what murder?this movie was supposed to be about a murder  mystery!&quot;Sharon Stone did a fantastic job,when she was actually  talking instead of climbing all over Michel Douglas!
B000002JNN|5.0|This AC/DC album is one of the best.i am an AC/DC fan.And I have all but three of there albums. This on is a very good one in my view.I have a  pasion for what AC/DC stands for.And AC/DC lived up to there High points in  this album.
0590353403|5.0|I'm 13 years old.  My mom picked this book up for me at the library.  I thought it'd be too childish for me, but I tried it anyway.  This is one of the best books I've ever read.  I think it would appeal to anyone who can  read, not just 9-12 year olds.  It brings out the kid in you and always  keeps you guessing.  I'm really anxious to read the next ones and I hope  you purchase this book.  It's definitely worth your time and money.
3895084581|3.0|I have never been very interested in pirates or plunder or the skull and crossbones flag until I read this book. Stevenson's &quot;Treasure Island&quot; is remarkably well written, containing fascinating bits of  foreshadowing, a unique and captivating plot, and undying characters that  will burn into your mind indefinitely. My personal favourite character is  Long John Silver, who throughout the novel seems almost \\"two-faced\\". His  one side is well mannered, charming and witty, while his other face is  ruthless, sly and money-driven. However, he has been quite a fictional  figure not only for my self but also for the world.  In Part One, &quot;The  Old Buccaneer&quot;, the strange new pirate pays Jim Hawkins a gold piece  daily &quot;to watch out for a one-legged man hobbling down the  street.&quot; The ending is perfectly crafted by Stevenson; it closes with  Jim Hawkins describing his predictions for the destinies of the pirates he  has travelled with. On the other hand, Jim Hawkins made the plotline a  little too obvious at times. In one spot especially, he says that the apple  barrel would in time save them all. In the end, it's an exceptional piece  of work, but the author did make some unforgivable mistakes by making the  plot too obvious so soon.
B000002J0B|5.0|Probably Zeppelin's best album with the exception of IV, Houses of the Holy shows the bands different musical tastes and their sense of humor. The album begins with the amazing &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; which  is some of my favorite of Page's guitars and Robert Plant who is at his  best vocally. Next comes &quot;The Rain Song&quot; which is simply a  gorgeous song, Plants lyrics are great, John Paul Jones'  &quot;orchestra&quot; really adds a lot to the song. &quot;Over the Hills  And Far Away&quot; begins with a great acoustic riff and takes off into  pure hard rock. &quot;The Crunge&quot; is Plant's best James Brown  impression. &quot;Dancing Days&quot; has one of Page's best Eastern riffs.  &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; my personal favorite off the album is pure  50'rock/reggae/pop. &quot;No Quarter&quot; is the albums only dark track, a  very moody song. And the album ends with John Bohnam counting down to  &quot;The Ocean&quot; a very fun, hard, rock song. In short the is without  a doubt one of the greatest rock albums of all time. It reallys shows what  rock can accomplish when you have great musicans with open minds.
0812551508|4.0|I adored Mary Shelley's portrayal of the characters. Victor Frankenstein is a talent with great compassion for humans yet he is also mankind's worst enemy for creating a monster who can destroy them. Frankenstein is a man  who made up his mind to make a human, but in the first case, could not  assume responsibility. The same is true for when he tried to make the  monster a mate, but he realized this and could not go ahead with it. He is  both the villain and the hero, an aspect that is rarely seen.<br />However,  The monster is shrouded by mystery and pain. Being the embodiment of sorrow  and human sufferings, he is still an amazing symbol of human nature. Mary  Shelley captured every emotion felt by her characters so accurately that I  could even feel the monster's fury.<br />I especially like the way that the  plot unravelled and jumped from place to place. It did not get confusing  either. It was quite easy to follow. The characters were well drawn and in  everything that they did, their motives were clearly known to the reader.  None of the characters did anything that seemed out of mind. There were  parts of the book that were a little drawn out and sluggish, but it always  picked right back up again. Mary Shelley presents an issue that is very  applicable right now. Is it morally right to play God and attempt to create  life? Obviously, Shelley's opinion is that it can only lead to disaster.
0767817478|1.0|For any young or ill-informed movie fan, let me say this: this movie has NOTHING to do with the traditional Godzilla.  Do not waste even a moment of your time watching this movie.  It is a colossal waste of time and  money...the producers of this movie did not have even a remote clue about  the magical world of kaiju eiga.
6302794331|5.0|The Muppet's Cristmas Carol is a great holiday movie for the family. It is entertaining, yet not childly obnoxious. There is comedy on all levels for everybody to enjoy.
6304613113|3.0|If nothing else the tragedy of the Batman Movie Franchise proves that Nothing is Director Proof. The first 2 films Batman and Batman Returns are successful because Tim Burton creates an Environment where these Characters  can exist and not look out of place(something he has done brilliantly in  all his films. He is the master of context).Keaton, despite the controversy  over his casting, is the perfect Batman for the simple reason that he looks  like he enjoys inflicting punishment. Then comes Joel Schumacher and the  Neon Machine Guns and Dayglo Street Punks.The line that sums up both Batman  Forever and Batman and Robin is Jim Carrey's &quot;Was that over the top? I  just can't tell anymore!&quot; One would think that out of the tens of  millions of dollars invested in these films some of it might find its way  to a Screenwriter. And if there was a Worse movie than Batman and Robin in  the last 5 years, I didn't see it...It is so bad that it killed a  potentially great series...And how George Clooney still manages to do that  neck thing he does, in the rubber cowl, is beyond me...Oh well, as I've  always maintained, any 3 episodes of the Animated Series are better than  any of the Movies...Ask your kids.
0767836286|4.0|Please note:  Almost all of the reviews below give away the ending of this movie.  Yes, they have opinions and they have comments, but your best bet to watching this movie and enjoying it to the fullest is to not read any of  the reviews below.  85% of them GIVE AWAY THE ENDING.  It's as if someone  told you the ending to the movies &quot;Sixth Sense&quot; or  &quot;Seven&quot;. Please be cautious reading any other review past this  one.<br />I enjoyed this movie.  Yes, there are some preposterous things that  would happen to have the movie end the way it does, but the impact of the  movie was enough to keep myself and those watching curious and enraptured  for the entire time.  Unfortunately, it's one of those movies you don't  really need to watch twice.<br />I do not have the DVD version, so I don't  know what the alternate ending is or if it is any good.  I have heard very  good things about the director's commentary.  That's about it.  Sorry I'm  not as helpful as you'd want.  You might want to rent this movie (it's one  of those &quot;one time watches, then it sits on the shelf&quot; movies),  and pick up the DVD version only if you want to see all the bonus stuff.   <br />It was time was well spent watching this movie... and no, I don't feel  &quot;safe&quot; after watching it: one of the feelings you're supposed to  get after watching the movie.  I consider that a good thing.  Go see it.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Along with Star Wars and Y2K, I think that Metallica would have to be one of the best examples of cultural self-intoxication. People will just accept without questioning, and I see it all the time. They watch or hear it from  their mainstream music sources, and succumb to the dollar making machine  that is Metallica. I happen to hold the first four Metallica albums in high  regard as defining albums of the thrash era(80's). It's not that I mind  that Metallica changes their music or dares to be bold, it's just that this  album didn't fit. Instead of sounding like a cohesive album it came off  jittery and uneven. Another thing is Metallica's commercial success. I've  heard james say that he doesn't care if the &quot;real&quot; fans have  abandoned Metallica, but it seems to me that that's just an excuse to  broadcast music videos and tear the band apart with it's user friendly  image. Metallica is becoming what James said it never would be: a band that  cares about images, and lets the studio affect their music in a negative  way. Granted, people do change opinions, but this was never hinted at.  Sure, Metallica doesn't have to tell their fans what they're going to do.  It is their decision. All in all, after ranting and giving my 2 cents on  the current Metallica scene, i do'nt think the coplaining will ever stop.  People will always define Metallica as a certain type of music, and they  will always be wrong because Metallica will never be what one person wants  them to be.
0875845851|5.0|The author certainly creates a compelling reason to establish an autonomous team in every corporation to research, develop, market products derived from disruptive technologies. What most impressed me was the  author's argument that the better the firm the more likely they would fall  victim to this problem. So, the bottom line is that companies can chose to  ignore the author's conclusion, but even the best won't avoid the perils to  the long-term potentials. And your competition, existing today or not, are  waiting for your decision!
6302994063|5.0|Ok, ok, I know... there have been a lot of dancing competition movies lately, but if you like romantic comedies mixed with exotic flaminco dancing as well as beautiful and elegant ballroom dancing, this movie is  for you.  Very similar to &quot;Shall We Dance&quot; and although probably  not as high budget, it is definately just as good as, if not better than  &quot;Shall We Dance.&quot;  A really wonderful and inspiring movie for  lovers of professional dance.
6303972810|5.0|A great story about a Nelwyn named Willow (Warwick Davis) who finds a baby in the river. It turns out that this baby, named Elora Dannan, is part of a profecy that was said to destroy the evil Queen Bavmorda when the child  grew older. Willow sets out on an adventure with a warrior named  Madmartigan (Val Kilmer) to save the baby from being killed by the queen.  Fairies, trolls, dragons and sorcerers magic bring this story to life by  the talents of Industrial Light and Magic. My favorite scene is when all  these fairies are flying  around in the woods and the head fairy Shalindria  gives Willow her wand and tells him to protect the baby and how important  his quest is to   the whole kingdom. The brownies are very funny too. One  of them is played by Kevin Pollack. I highly recommend this movie for  people that really like fantasy and adventure.
6303282237|3.0|The movie itself is one of the best of it's kind The stars are great, the locations accurate, and the story very good and inspiring. My main complaint is with the video itself. I had the priviledge of seeing this  film in it's original format when it was first released, and am very  disappointed that it has not been restored to it's original format. This  kind of film can not be appreciated in the poor, pan and scan format in  which it is presented. Until it is fully restored to the original format,  it will continue to be only a three star film. The format in which it is  offered is vastly inadequet. Please restore this film to it's rightful  glory. It deserves better treatment than this. Thank you.
6303972810|5.0|A great story about a Nelwyn named Willow (Warwick Davis) who finds a baby in the river. It turns out that this baby, named Elora Dannan, is part of a profecy that was said to destroy the evil Queen Bavmorda when the child  grew older. Willow sets out on an adventure with a warrior named  Madmartigan (Val Kilmer) to save the baby from being killed by the queen.  Fairies, trolls, dragons and sorcerers magic bring this story to life by  the talents of Industrial Light and Magic. My favorite scene is when all  these fairies are flying  around in the woods and the head fairy Shalindria  gives Willow her wand and tells him to protect the baby and how important  his quest is to   the whole kingdom. The brownies are very funny too. One  of them is played by Kevin Pollack. I highly recommend this movie for  people that really like fantasy and adventure.
B00000IOSU|3.0|I must admit that Mirrorball is beautiful to listen to.  Sarah puts so much passion and energy into her music and it's truly inspiring.  However, this cd just doesn't contain enough of her older material.  Ice is one of  Sarah's most chilling songs, and Into the Fire is her fastest and one of  her catchiest songs.  Still, with the material presented, Sarah and her  band create an energy so amazing that it almost, just almost, makes up for  the lack of older material.  And after watching the Mirrorball DVD, I was  disappointed that she didn't include Vox on this cd.  That's truly a gem.
0380977281|5.0|I got this book as a gift and having finished it quickly I then consumed neverwhere.Gaiman is a vivid writer...I could easily see the landscape as well as the characters.I am anxiously awaiting any future novels that he  will release...his style is easy to get used to with a story that is  difficult to put out of my mind
0812567110|4.0|yes it is a very interesting book but so many times when lord henery was talking my mind started to wander.  it was sometimes really complicated.  thinking back it was a really neat and creative story.  but i didn't like  it as much as my friend thought i would.  i don't think i would buy this  book.  rent it from the library first.  its a aquired taste.
6301236947|5.0|I have R&amp;H and I must say I'm biased because U2 is my favorite band..but this surpasses The Beatles and Spinal Tap's attempt at a rockumentry..I don't see how u2 are self important at all..they have a love  for american music at that's all...<br />the movie is broken down into  parts..interviews with each member and concert footage<br />first the band  rock into &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; and The Edge also adds his vocals for  &quot;Van Diemens Land&quot;<br />&quot;It's A Musical Journey&quot; says  Larry Mullen Jr and he's right the whole video is about the bands journey  through america<br />next the band jam with the Voices Of Freedom for &quot;I  Still Haven't...&quot; and also The Edge watching a blues band  perform<br />The band practise &quot;Watchtower&quot; and Bono spray paints  &quot;Rock and Roll Stops The Traffic&quot;<br />U2 visit Graceland and Larry  Mullen gets to sit on a harley<br />those are just some of the highlights in  the movie, Phil Jounou does a great job filming a overall it's just  awesome...
B00000FBRE|2.0|Lagwagon used to make really good catchy punk rock. But they don't anymore. None of these songs would be good enough to be on their brilliant &quot;Double Plaidinium&quot;, and not even on &quot;Hoss&quot;. This  wouldn't be ok even if it was a B-side collection. I think they're getting  old...probably.
0061003697|5.0|Death On The Nile is a fast paced mystery novel. You meet a collection of different characters most of whom turn about to be suspects.  Each character has their own unique story that Agatha Christie uses to enrich  the plot and keep you guessing.
6304578458|5.0|John Cusack's portrayl of Martin Blank is absolutely hilarious!  The movie is non-stop laughs, and immediately belows in your video case!
B000021Y77|5.0|About once or twice a year a movie comes along that renews movie lover's faith in the genre and keeps them going to the theatre hoping to relive the experience. Run Lola Run is one such movie. Just when you think you've seen  everything, German director Tom Tykwer takes you on a frenetic  &quot;Run&quot; quite unlike anything seen before. The only thing that  comes close to it visually are the post Wall Street Oliver Stone movies and  none of them are as entertaining as this. The music is great in the way it  matches both the fast paced moments and the  slower ones in which the  characters are sharing their thoughts. Part of the originality lies in the  unlikeliest of heroines Lola. Her red hair  could very well be fire the way  she runs in three separate episodes which all focus on her getting to her  boyfriend Manni in twenty minutes to help save him from an unforgiving drug  dealer whom he owes money to but which he's lost. One would think early on  that there would not be much time in this kind of framework to really come  to care about Lola and her dilemma. The director Tykwer however, seems  gifted in his ability to show only that which is essential and present it  in a way that makes you not only care about Lola but makes you root her on  as well. Finally, there is an element of magic in the story that rather  than make the film seem unlikely has the effect of making one more resolute  that the future is indeed in our hands. It's this magic engineered by  Tykwer that makes this film not only one of the best foreign pictures of  the year but one of the best pictures of the year period.
B000003TAW|5.0|I love this music, it's classic in it's own way and with it's own style
0684833395|5.0|THE cleverest book EVER written.  Heller is a true genius-hilarious at the same time as being poignant.  A disturbingly real look at the horrors of war, THE epitemy of satire in literature.  He scrutinises all aspects of  war with a frightening ingenuity and realism, which is funny as well as  tragic.  I love Joseph Heller! On lives Yossarian!
0783230710|5.0|The video transfer was excellent, no flaws. The DTS sound was great. The content was excellent.<br />I strongly recommend this DTS-DVD to anyone interested in the space program. Also, the DVD series From the Earth to the  Moon.
0800141628|5.0|Well I realy enjoyed this movie it is one of my favorites. It's about these 4 boys who go on a trip to discover a dead boys body on the way they learn more about each and them selves. Personaly I would have to say that I  loved it, it was great. I think anybody who reads this should go rent it if  they haven't already!
B00000292K|5.0|Okay, it's 2000... this is THIS ALBUM'S century.  It's too cliche to say &quot;it was ahead of its time.&quot; And, &quot;Miles was a genius.&quot; This disc speaks to what's happening now, and will probably help citizens  of the future understand the 20th century.  Is it pretty..? No... is life?  22nd Century life? Is today's most relevant, creative and happening music  it's progeny? Yes...! If you're a thinker, philosopher, a with it musician,  BUY it, study it, learn from it.  If you're a stoic, old narrow minded,  stuck up, so-called jazz connoisseur... don't even bother, or your opinion  will sound just like those others which are as relevant in 2000 as Herbert  (who-dat) Hoover.  Get it?
0684872153|5.0|Read this book... if you've ever pondered the deeper meanings of life... if you've wondered why some of us seem to suffer more than others... if you can't imagine what there is to be grateful for... if you need a good  cathartic cry... if you don't have time for your children... if you've ever  thought it ironic that we (man &amp; womankind) so often torture each other  in the name of God... and especially if you've forgotten your own childhood  experiences of discovering the horrors and the joys of the seemingly absurd  adult world around you.
0788816454|5.0|Adam Sandler has a great movie here! The humor never seems to let up from start to finish! Bobby Boucher is a waterboy, who is obsesed with water. When the team he is working for fires him, he goes to a team who hasn't won  a game in years. He can sack so well, he is now on the team! Well, the team  now is winning every game because of Boucher. Then they match up against  the team he used to work for. All this time, he loves his mama!
B00000G3PA|5.0|Bruce Willis makes the ultimate sacrifice to save the planet... It moves me every time I watch it, Just Plain Awesome!
6303979882|5.0|This movie is a must see for adults and teenagers. I can't remember the movie perfectly, but the one part that I remember the most that gives you an idea of how funny the movie is, is that one young girl wants breasts and  isn't endowed and the other has them and want's to conceal them.  A  beautifully done movie.
6305161976|5.0|This is the film I reccomend to people who say they can't stand old movies. While there are a few cheesy special effects in the first 5 minutes of the film, from then on this is special. It's funny, patriotic,  suspenseful, and original. Bogart is the actor every action hero tries to  be; Bergman is the woman every man wishes he could win. It's a guy's guy  movie, and the ultimate chick flick, and a great comedy. And if you find  yourself with a tear when Bogie says &quot;We'll always have Paris&quot; --  welcome to Casablanca.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Before the release of &quot;Supernatural&quot; I had no idea who Carlos Santana was. Well that's not entirely true, I knew he was a guitar player.To be perfectly honest, that's all I knew. After the release of the  first single &quot;Smooth&quot; Santana became a household name. I feel so  underprivileged, to not have known the compacity of this legendary artist.  I feel like there was this &quot;big secret&quot; and finally the rest of  the world is being let in on it. With a multitude of colaborations from  Lauryn Hill, to Dave Matthews' to Everlast this cd definetly has something  for everyone. Santana is definetly one of the all time greats' of rock!  Bravo!
0446525537|4.0|I am 63 years of age and I awoke my wife with my weeping. I can not say enough god things about this book. I am sure all who read it will be touched.  If they are not-- shame on them.
0679420401|5.0|The passionate saga of the Joad family, who like thousands of American farmers lose their homesteads through a combination of bad luck and poor farming techniques. The Joad's travel west under the false promise of  plentiful work in agricultural rich California.<br />The journey is long and  frightening as the family endures humiliation and the threat of starvation.  When they arrive in California the Joads discover thousands of other  displaced 'Okies' looking for work forcing down wages that the landowners  were are willing to pay. They also discover that the landowners will do  whatever is necessary to keep wages low.<br />The Grapes of Wrath is an  important American novel that tells a tragic story of an American family  trying to stay together and survive under the most dire of circumstances.  Generations of young Americans have grown up and never seen economic hard  times. Although the bleakness of the conditions may be exagerated,  depressioon ravaged America was not anything like it is today. This book  gives an insight into just how tough times were.<br />Ma Joad is one of the  strongest female characters ever depicted in American literature as she  struggles to feed her family and keep them together. The last few pages  involving the still born birth of a child and the feeding of a starving man  are tragic.  Steinbaeck's novel is passionate and heartbreaking and he  had to endure public vilification because of it. His later writings  revealed a more conservative nature. Every young American should experience  this novel.
0553213105|5.0|The novel of which I spent many a night, studiously reading, was a true masterpiece.  The irony and satire with which Austen displayed the seventeenth-century society was beautifully mastered.  The humor was  impressive and understandable to the common reader.  The relations,  especially between Darcy and Lizzy kept the reader guessing about how their  relationship would turn out. Thanks.
B0000027RL|5.0|Muscular sound, wailing vocals, insightful perspectives on the daily grind of American life. From the analytical tunes to the cynical overtones on  &quot;Black&quot; and beyond....this is the essence of '90s bluesrock.  Unfortunetly, this was also the peak for a fantastic band that for a few  years led the way for american rock in the late 20th century.
0385484518|5.0|As one who recently lost my mentor Tuesdays with Morrie hits close to home. This book underscores the significance of having a guide and a mentor in our lives. I learned so much from my mentor. He was the person I turned  to and asked for guidance and help. For me Tuesdays with Morrie teaches us  to evaluate and prioritize out relationships and seek out those older and  wiser than us for help and guidance. My mentor died suddenly of a heart  attack. A great loss. Let us appreciate life and our loved ones before it's  too late, for life is too short.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana explodes all the myths(industry and otherwise) here with a fiery fusion of familiar guitar burns and fresh voices. Magnetic and easy grooving, the highlights like ''(Da le) Yaleo'' and ''Maria Maria,''  maintain a low fire while the intensity of ''Africa Bamba,'' and ''Corazon  Espinando,'' recall the soul workouts. Glad this worked out - Santana  needed a serious shot in the arm - artistically - to reignite a career  obviously in the twilight stage.
0375707972|4.0|a mrs robinson of sorts. a fast and enjoyable read  , the fist part bringing back memories of boyhood dreams ,the second half bringing the tragidy of lifes realities.
0345350499|1.0|The popularity of this book continues to amaze me.  Like many books written to make a particular point, the author overreaches and undermines her purpose by using a heavy hand.  If you want a more balanced Arthur, try  Parke Godwin's Firelord.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The whole album is excellent - Frusciante is the missing quarter of this group and his return has produced this splendid work. It is SO funky.<br />Buy it!
0345350499|1.0|The popularity of this book continues to amaze me.  Like many books written to make a particular point, the author overreaches and undermines her purpose by using a heavy hand.  If you want a more balanced Arthur, try  Parke Godwin's Firelord.<br />The reaction of the author's fans to the title  of this review should clarify the problem with the book.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Buena Vista (the modern day adaptation) occured by happenstance (as the film shows)...and thank god.  Even in Cuba, this genre of music was all but forgotten.  It is pure, ornate, romantic, heartful, ernest, and downright  beautiful.  We also get to meet the wonderful people behind the music and  see them live out their dreams and aspirations.  This journey is as  heart-wrenching as it is uplifting...a must see.
068484267X|5.0|Amazing!  McCourt's original writing style has to stay in the reader's mind forever...  I loved this book!
6303433766|5.0|This film is at the top of my &quot;Favourite Films list&quot;. The acting is superb by both main actresses, Melanie Lynsky (Ever After, Detroit Rock City) and Kate Winslet (Titanic). The realistic portryal of Juliet Hulme  and Pauline Parker is breathtaking. The characters' feelings and worries  come through with undertones of genius and unrealistic views of the world.   All of the supporting actors and actresses are perfect for the parts, and  make you feel as if they are in the 1950's. I have seen this film 20+  times, and glean more understanding of the act committed each time. Cruel,  lovely, bloody, heavenly.
0618001905|5.0|I have read 3 books on the subject of Leopold and the Congo:             Joseph Conrads Heart of Darkness;             Neal Aschersons The King Incorporated;             A. Hochshilds King Leopolds Ghost. All 3 are  well worth reading. I find Hochschilds to be the easiest one to read and  the most entertaining and thought-provoking; also the latest; and well  documented. Aschersons goes into more detail and is very thorough and  equally well documented, but probably harder work. I didnt particularly  enjoy Heart of Darkness; granted its the classical work on the subject,  but I didnt find it particularly enjoyable. All 3 works refer to how King  Leopold of Belgium managed to carve out for himself a personal, yes,  personal colony in the 1880s against all odds in the heart of black  Africa, which had made him a colossal fortune by the time that, bowing to  international pressure,he handed it over to the Belgian Government shortly  before he died in 1909, after having destroyed the majority of the colonys  records. The King is shown to be a man of exceptional intelligence and  cunning, hypocritical and deceitful and totally deprived of morality. These  works suggest that the enormous profits he got out of the Congo were based  on his ruthlessly forcing the natives to work for him in shipping to the  international markets huge quantities of ivory and later of rubber. His  brutal tactics resulted in the population literally being halved in the  Congo during the 24 years that he was in charge. I would recommend that you  begin with Hochschild and then go to Ascherson for more detail and a  somewhat different perspective.
B000002LLC|5.0|I am a huge Madonna fan and this cd ranks at the top of my list.  This is one of her less discovered cd's and I definately reccommend this for anyone who has not heard it.<br />&quot;I'm Breathless&quot; shows off the familiar  sexy side of Madonna, but in a new 40s style.  She plays the dithy blond of  the 40s to perfection, creating a hilarious cd.  You can't help laughing  during the tracks &quot;Hanky Panky&quot;and &quot;I'm Bananas.&quot;  The  moody soleful melody of &quot;What can you lose&quot; brings another  element to the album.  And a bonus track at the end- &quot;Vogue&quot; a  Madonna classic.<br />Overall, this cd brings out new elements in Madonna and  strengthens those that she is famous for.  I love it!
0671027344|5.0|This book was extremely entertaining and wonderful. The only drawback is that the author hasnt written any others. Its very difficult to find a book so intriging and acurate. I want to encourage all my friends to read it.
B000022TT4|5.0|finally!  u2 on dvd!  when will the rest be available!  this dvd was fantastic. i want to watch it again and again and engulf myself with u2.the sound and clarity are amazing. give me more!
6301969588|5.0|It seems inappropriate somehow to classify this film as a &quot;horror&quot; classic (though I love that genre).  Actually, Tod Browning's direction and the superb acting of all the cast make this a  story of human rights and dignity that is as current today as it was in  1932.  Everyone should see this film.  Now, in the year 2000, it is quite  likely that viewers will be more amazed than ever at the vision and daring  of &quot;Freaks&quot;.  This one should not be missed.
6302101743|3.0|Another entry in the &quot;Some Things are Better Left Alone&quot; genre, The Valley of Gwangi is a respectable little Sci-Fi flick that does a nice job with very limited resources.  Filmed in Mexico, Gwangi pits a  scientist, a beautiful rancher and a handful of cowboys against the  prehistoric residents of yet another long lost valley.<br />Much to the  director's credit, the title critter is not invulnerable, has no unnatural  capabilities and is actually captured by lariats from horseback.  Even more  remarkable is the choice of an Allosaurus to star as Gwangi, instead of the  stereotypical Tyrannosaur.<br />The plot itself is quite ordinary, including  the expected romantic entanglements, but seems different because of the  unusual and beautiful locales.  The action sequences are both well-filmed  and credible.  <br />The Valley of Gwangi is neither a classic nor a  particularly memorable movie, but it is a solid entry into the  &quot;Captured Beast Runs Amok&quot; sweepstakes and makes for a pleasant  afternoon or evening's viewing.  Fans of the genre will not be  disappointed.
0060926317|1.0|I just cannot read on anymore!  This woman writes as well as a high school student trying to finagle an A out of her Supposed Writing class.  I spent years trying not to produce writings like that and here it is, an entire  187 pages of it...<br />My problem is now facing the person who gave me this  book; she is expecting some kind of praise from me.  The author not  actually being a high school student makes it an extremely difficult task.
0800141601|5.0|Wow.  I mean, Wow!  How can a movie without surfboards, BMX bikes, or airplanes be this good!   I guess it's because it has nardley swords and Richard Gere with long hair.  If you like this, you'll love &quot;Endless  Summer&quot; and &quot;Tombstone&quot;.  Come on dude, who can forget the  allusion to &quot;Rad&quot; during the swordfight.  Awesome, yo!
B00001XT76|4.0|This is an awesome movie, but I held out buying the original DVD until they came out with a Collector's Edition DVD with special features.<br />As it turns out, I was somewhat disappointed by the special features.  The  commentary was good, but the featurette was only about 7 minutes long.  Also, the 3 music videos were pretty bad quality (I am sure they were  transferred off of tape that was about 15 years old).  Also, the musical  didn't really hold my interest.  However, this DVD has so many extra  features that if you only like half of them, that is still quite a bit.
0812932293|4.0|Brilliant is the one word I have to say about this book.  I can't wait to read the second phase of Richard Branson's life.  It really doesn't matter if he makes it or not as long as he's willing to try.  Just glad that he's  got a good ending.  I really have to pinch myself again &amp; again  reminding me that he's got such a balanced life, not just a successful  entreprenuer but also a wonderful husband &amp; father.  Definitely the  modern version of David versus Goliath!
6300215954|5.0|If you are a John Wayne fan and want a break from his usual western, this is the video to buy.  You can tell he loves Africa and being around African big game...it shows in his face and his manner.  And he's surrounded by a  very capable supporting cast...Red Buttons and Elsa Martinelli are  fantastic.  The scenery is breathtaking and the action shots are  superb....especially chasing the rhinos and the cape buffalo who give the  game hunters quite a fight.  I also think Howard Hawks used some  interesting techniques to get honest reactions from the actors....some of  the scenes had to been a surprise to Wayne and Martinelli!   The movie has  something for everyone.
0312853238|4.0|Ender moved me beyond comparison.A real classic in SF, and rightly so.What else is there to say than truly magnificient.
6305311463|5.0|This movie rocks!  It just doesn't let up from start to finish.  I really get a kick out of it.  Of course it's not Shakespeare, nor is it a documentary, but it is entertaining.  Just buckle up and hold on! I prefer  the Criterion edition Director's Cut over the standard version DVD.  Having  viewed both, the picture quality of the Director's Cut is better, with no  audio/video problems that I noticed.  The additional footage in this  version, not found in the theatrical release, is not very much and adds  relatively little to the film as a whole (primarily a scene involving Bruce  Willis' character visiting his father, prior to the mission), but it is  somewhat touching. You also get a second disc absolutely loaded with  features, such as outtakes, documentaries, commentaries, etc (note:  there  is some strong language used by the cast in some of the outtakes sequences,  so if you are offended by that, don't play that portion). Now, is all this  worth the extra cash to get the Criterion version?  That depends on how  much of a fan of the movie you are.  If you really like it and want to see  it in it's best possible presentation, the Criterion version can't be beat.   If you really don't care, but still want a copy of the movie in your  collection, the standard version is adequate and cheaper.
B000021Y77|5.0|Not a single complaint. This movie was great. I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but the idea for the format of the movie was just plain FUN.   The camera work was great.  I can't say enough.  Usually, I'm not fond of  subtitled movies, but I really liked this one.  Run out to get it NOW!  You  can't miss this movie!  It just wouldn't be right.
B00001P4RI|5.0|For those who thought that grace, dementia, and artistic perfection belong to different levels... Brendan Perry,in his solo debut illumunates our deepest conscious, that part of self that everyone wants to explore, and  noone dares...
B00000K19E|5.0|this is a film worth watching.  excellent film with wicked special effects.  best one i have seen for a while that makes yout think that there might be another world out there.
6304645635|5.0|I adore this movie. Honestly, I've watched it more than 20 times and I never get sick of it.  Yes, it is depressing.  Yes, it is creepy.  BUT...the love story makes up for the heartache.  Read the book and then  watch the movie. You will not be able to contain your excitement. Superb  acting and superb story.
B00000J2L8|5.0|Being a huge fan of the &quot;Pink Panther&quot; series, it is not a colosus revalation that I engoyed this film immensely.  Peter Sellers demonstrated his comic gift playing the former nazi and the basic  protagenist in the film.  George C. Scott gave a rib-tickling genaral of  the United States weaponry department and could not fit the part any  better.  The black and white priming gives the film charecter and the story  (for the time) was playfully original.  Sadly enough the plot is now bare  reality.  Next time you have a chance please see this classic piece of  under-rated ingeniality and you won't be dissappionted.<br />WARNING: Will  only seem  humorous to the WELL EDUCATED
B00000J7J4|1.0|Every thing on this CD is HORRIBLE!  Nothing is good on this CD.  It's totally garbage.  Suggest you should leave this one on the shelves and pick up some different CD'S.
0790742942|5.0|Beetlejuice is an excellent and funny movie. Keaton is hilarious as the wacky beetlejuice. The great special effects help the film. I think this is one of the best movies ever made and I'm sure you'll agree. For a good  time, watch beetlejuice!
0151003084|5.0|I also have the poster of this hanging in the hallway.  It's a riot to watch guests read through it with a mixture of amusement and shock on their faces!  My favorite is &quot;Neville who died of ennui.&quot;
6303443192|5.0|This film will always live on in my memory. I have read the book and they captured the escence beatifuly. Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are excellent as the vampires Louis and Lestat.The filmwork and acting is absolutely  brilliant and even Antonio Banderas astounded me. This movie is definetely  one of the greatest movies ever made. It never frightned me, that wasn't  the point of the film though. But it did suceed in making me believe in  miracles. That is because this film is some kind of miracle. If anyone did  not like this filme, they should be pushed of a cliff. And if you haven't  seen it yet, watch it. It will be the only vampire movie that will really  make you go  &quot;WOW!&quot;.
006092988X|5.0|This book is amazing.  I truly, totally recommend it.  I just finished reading it and I was terribly disappointed when it was over. I didn't want it to end.  I rarely enjoy a book as much as I enjoyed this o one.  It  draws you into the lives of the characters, so you grow to understand and  sympathize with them, and care about what happens in their lives.  It's one  of those books that are the best in the first reading, but still amazing  enough to read many times afterwards....
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME. I SAW IT 12 TIMES IN THE THEATER AND WAS MESMORIZED THE ENTIRE TIME. THE WACHOWSKI BROTHERS DID AN AMAZING JOB WITH THIS FILM. FROM THE SPECIAL EFFECTS AND THE CAMERA ANGLES  TO THE PERPLEXING STORYLINE THIS MOVIE WILL BLOW YOU AWAY.
B000000WHX|5.0|and am now playing Kasmir. Exactly
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME. I SAW IT 12 TIMES IN THE THEATER AND WAS MESMORIZED THE ENTIRE TIME. THE WACHOWSKI BROTHERS DID AN AMAZING JOB WITH THIS FILM. FROM THE SPECIAL EFFECTS AND THE CAMERA ANGLES  TO THE PERPLEXING STORYLINE THIS MOVIE WILL BLOW YOU AWAY.
B000007T1M|5.0|There is only one word that can can describe this album,  brilliant.  It is one of the best albums ever along with Ignition of Offspring and Obselete of Fear Factory.  It is one album that I can listen to and listen  to without getting tired.  There is not one song like the other.
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME. I SAW IT 12 TIMES IN THE THEATER AND WAS MESMORIZED THE ENTIRE TIME. THE WACHOWSKI BROTHERS DID AN AMAZING JOB WITH THIS FILM. FROM THE SPECIAL EFFECTS AND THE CAMERA ANGLES  TO THE PERPLEXING STORYLINE THIS MOVIE WILL BLOW YOU AWAY.
6304178352|5.0|The long-running broadway musical was finally brought to the screen in glorious fashion.  Based on George Bernard Shaw's play &quot;Pygmalion&quot;, this film is chock-full of immortal musical numbers  and contains perhaps the best acting performances of both Rex Harrison  (Henry Higgins) and Audrey Hepburn (Eliza Doolittle).  It's a bit longer  than the average picture, but every minute is wonderfully entertaining.
0393307050|1.0|Mr o'brian is a formidable scholar, but he is no novelist. I read 120 pages of this and gave up. No  dramatic tension, no plot, no character development. For sailing fanatics only.
B000023VR6|5.0|let me just make this short and simple             THIS ALBUM IS OFF THE HOOK                       buy it!
B00000DFFO|3.0|I bought the CD waiting for a good mixes of the last songs, but I found a repetitive CD without anything that renew the good songs from 'The Secret Wish'. Simply, I'm waiting much more from this CD. It's not bad, but if you  have 'The Secret Wish', youd don't need this one.
B000000WHH|5.0|This CD is the top CD in my personal collection.  I put it on and away i go!  The songs grip me, move me and make me want to sing along.  Black money is my top favorite but hell all the tracks are outstanding! The Boy  is at his best in this one! P.S. Although Amazon.com states its out of  print, its available at Amazon.co.uk yes it will cost you a little more but  the dollars are worth it for such a fine album.
630512762X|4.0|This movie is an awesome action flick that you can watch over and again.  Cage and Travolta play both good guys and bad guys in the movie, and are both terrific in either role.  It's a must-see for any action fan.
B000001FS3|5.0|Not only did this album make me a fan of U2, it also marked the point in my life where music became important to me. For the past 12 years, I've guaged all other music by the measuring stick that is The Joshua Tree. No  other piece of music, single or an entire album, has moved me emotionally  as does Joshua Tree. I've often thought of the premise &quot;If I were on  an island, and I could have only one album, what would it be&quot;, and the  answer is quite simply, The Joshua Tree......
B00000ILBK|4.0|It's definately good...not as good as First contact.  The effects are great, and it's a good flick for even a non-Star Trek fan.  (I wasn't one till I saw the movie).
B000002UAU|4.0|This is a great album, it is the beginning, middle, and end of all rock. Nobody has inspired more musicians or sold as many  records as the 4 lads from liverpool. The beats are great, the lyrics are funny, sad, and  psychadelic all at once.
0930289528|4.0|So this is where Neil Gaiman learned his stuff.. excellent
0780626966|5.0|this is one collection any fan of dvd or horror should not be without, this is what dvd is all about, being able to get your favourite collection of films in special edition box sets with tons of extras and special  features i cant think of anything more fantastic than this series of discs,  all i can say is give us more collections like this i'll definatley buy  them. if you love horror and if you love dvd then you must buy this  collection. . . . you must. . . !
0451450523|5.0|This is the most beautiful story ever written. Every child, and adult for that matter, should read it or have it read to them. The movie is wonderful too, but it's only a sampling of the touching and truthful language of the  book and misses important pieces of the plot that add to the beauty and  inspiration of the novel.
0446525537|5.0|This book had me from the beginning. I was unable to put it down and finished it in the same day. I thought it was one of the most beautifully written books I've ever read. It was sweet and sincere, I laughed and I  cried. I must say though the ending left me wanting to ask the question,  &quot;did she or didn't she&quot;? I was reading the last page to everyone  in my house looking for opinions. Thanks for a great book Mr. Sparks, I  can't wait for the next book!
B000001FY9|5.0|This cd just shows you how great BOB actually was. This is a cd for every mood, when you're down,happy or just want to come in contact with your inner soul.It's a must buy album!
0876855575|5.0|Bukowski is the master.  He defies categorization.  In a book that describes so much ugliness, Bukowski proves that the only beauty in life is truth.  However, I am forced to split hairs and say that POST OFFICE is my  favorite thus far.
0671015206|4.0|Most people have it all wrong about how you become wealthy, according to the author-researchers of The Millionaire Next Door. Their 20-year study of how people become wealthy involved focus groups and personal interviews and  accompanying statistical tables on where they shop, cars they drive, and  the daily work they do. I found the statistical tables of mild interest,  but insights into their views and beliefs were surprising and revealing.  The target group studied have net worths of one to ten-million  dollars.<br />The majority acquired their wealth in one generation and  followed these factors of wealth accumulation: *Live well below your means.  *Spend your time, energy and money efficiently in ways that build wealth.  *Believe that financial independence is more important than social status  *Their parents didn't help. *Their adult children are economically  seW-sufficient. *They know how to pick market opportunities. .They chose  the right occupation.<br />As a group, they all have supreme confidence in  their own ability. If you thought ancestry had much to do with it consider  this: The highest concen-trations of millionaires by ancestry in order of  rank are Russians; Scotts; Hungarians; Latvians; Australians; Egyptians.  Self-employment is a major correlate of wealth.<br />They are frugal and their  spouses even more so. Not only are they planners and budgeters, they don't  shop where you might think; their two favorite stores are J. C. Penny and  Sears. Most answer these questions the right way: -Does your household  operate on an annual budget? -Do you know how much your family spends each  year for food, clothing, shelter? -Do you have a clear, defined set of  daily, weekly, monthly, annual and lifetime goals? -Do you spe'd a lot of  time planning your financial future? -Do you niinnnize your taxable income  and maximize your other income? While nearly all own stocks, they don't  follow the ups and downs of the market. They firmly believe the more  intellect, time and energy you spend hiring a financial adviser, the more  likely you will be to find a successful one. They use CPAS to not only do  taxes, but also to provide investment advice and they usually choose one  with the most millionaire clients. They believe it is easier to earn a lot  of money than it is to accumulate wealth.<br />A couple of charters are  devoted to their relationships with their children. They believe the more  dollars they give to adult children, the fewer dollars these children  accumulate (a statistically proved relationship). Here are the rules they  more or less live by in dealing with their offspring: -Never tell your kids  you are wealthy. -Teach your children discipline and frugality. -Minimize  discussion on what your kids will inherit. -Never give cash or significant  gifts as part of a negotiation. -Stay out of your adult children's' family  matters. -Emphasize their achievements.. .not your success. -Assure them  many things are more valuable than money. Millionaires encourage their  children to become seW-employed professionals such as doctors, attorneys,  engineers, architects, accountants and dentists. They believe only a small  number of professional people fail to make a profit any given year and they  earn more than the average for small businesses. \\"You can lose your  business, but not your intellect,\\" they say. Most own their own business  because they believe self-employment is less risky than working for  another.<br />Well worth reading. You can learn a lot about how to accumulate  wealth.
630542845X|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I was really moved by it. It seemed the kind of thing I wish I had written as a story, or the kind of movie I would like to make. <br />After reading the reviews, most of which were negative, I  almost wondered if I had seen a different movie. Yes, there were flaws.  Perhaps, many, and reference to a Michael Jackson look-a-like might apply  in some eyes. <br />However, what I saw was a view of the best and worst of  humanity. Yes, it has been done before and perhaps better. But I felt it  was one of the few times when science and religion were tied to a common  ground. <br />Many laughed at this movie, especially the end and I wonder why,  unless I am wrong in it's overall interpretation. <br />To me, what it was  saying is that humanity is special in that we can know that we are part of  everything around us, and all is part of us. We can most of all touch each  other in powerful life giving ways. To feel each others pain, and even the  pain of everything around us that lives. <br /> To me the ending was a  self-sacrifice. He was giving, in a special way, his energy, love and  understanding, which was the best part of himself, to the universe and to  others. He knew that he was going to be limited in living a free life.  People would not ever leave him alone, and he could never be alone again,  now that he had been out in society. <br />Some have said that the other  characters in the movie were overdone. Perhaps, they were just  uncomfortable at seeing parts of themselves. Having been a victim of  prejudice and hatred myself, I have lived among some of these people, and  some of them are as close as next door to me, and I do not see anything  overdone about them at all.<br /> Mankind can be very cruel. Killing is cruel  when it is done for the pure sport of it. Unlike many others, I found that  scene very powerful when the boy passes the pain of a dying animal, who is  dying for no reason other than man's pleasure, on to the man whoshot him.  <br />The movie might have failed in many ways to make some of the points it  tried to make. Some of the scenes were not well done, but overall it was a  movie to ponder and to make us think, and a mirror for the best and worst  of ourselves. The characters were all of us. I believe that we are energy  and light, and goodness and darkness. But  in giving to each other and  loving each other, we can tap into our full humanity. That is what the  movie said to me. We are capable of so much, and life, the universe and  ourselves are so sacred. <br /> Sorry folks, I agree it was not a perfect  movie, but open your eyes. Neither are we, yet look at our recent around  the world celebration of 2000.<br /> We should be proud that it went without  incident all over the world. We deserved it after much of the pain and  torture of this past century. To me,  this movie was saying that the human  spirit is about peace, love, energy and light, and it is a gift we can  daily give to others, but some are too closed to see it, and for some their  pain is too great. We need to reach out to others, loving them and  ourselves more. <br />This movie was about loving. Not perfect, but then  neither are we.
0887307396|5.0|If you invested in a general market stock fund, or a comparison company, and a visionary company January 1, 1926 and reinvested dividends, a $1 in the general market fund would have grown to $415; not bad. Your $1  investment in the comparison companies would have grown to $955 (twice the  general market). But your investment in the visionary companies would have  grown to $6,356, six times greater than comparison companies and fifteen  times greater than the general market.<br />The \\"visionary\\" companies: 3M,  American Express, Boeing, Citicorp, Ford, GE, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Johnson  &amp; Johnson, Marriott, Merck, Motorola, Nordstrom, Philip Morris, Procter  &amp; Gamble, Sony, Wal-Mart, Walt Disney.<br />Enduring companies grow  because they concentrate on being a great organization, not because of an  original idea for a product or service. A lasting, core ideology is the  driving force behind a visionary company; not culture, strategy, tactics,  operations or policies. Core values are simple, clear, straightforward  beliefs of unchanging, fundamental values such as The Golden Rule, but core  values differ widely. They are the basic reason for existence beyond just  making money. Visionary companies concentrate on building an organization  rather than implementation of a great idea, charis-matic leadership, or  wealth accumulation. The authors call it \\"clock-building\\" rather than  \\"time-telling.\\"<br />Growth favors the persistent but persist in what? They  never give up on the company, but drop losing ideas, adopt winning ideas  and along the way, try many ideas to find winners. But it's the company,  not the idea. Most revealing was the extraordinary fact that visionary  companies can live with contradictory ideas and forces at the same time.  They don't accept an A or B concept, for example, that there must be either  stability or change. They do both at the same time, all the time.<br />This is  a rare, difficult trait. The book aptly quotes F. Scott Fitzgerald:  \\"...first rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas... at  the same time.. . and still function.\\"<br />The profit myth. Visionary  companies are more idealogically-drlven and less profit-driven than  comparison companies. Of course they pursue profit, but they do both. More  importantly, their values don't shift with the times, or changing  markets.<br />As the authors reel off the rather obscure names of heads of  visionary companies (and their personality traits), clearly they aren't  charismatic leaders, but perhaps better described as \\"architects.\\" People  have always harbored a deep need to be assured that someone or something  must have it all figured out; God must have made it that way. Not so with  visionary companies. Things are the way they are because the founders  created an evolving, changing process for selecting what works and doesn't  work. And these visionary companies continue to come up with a stream of  successful products and services.<br />Other shattered myths. Playing it safe:  They make bold, risky commitments and make them work most of the time. A  great place to work: You fit and flourish or hate it and leave. Brilliant  strategic planning; Best moves are made by trial and error. Beating  competition: They concentrate on beating themselves. They believe in  home-grown management; promotion from within. The authors conclude that new  ideas will become obsolete faster than ever before, therefore corporate  success must be ideological and provide common bonds of values, beliefs and  aspirations.<br />This is a landmark book. It goes beyond corporate concepts  and provides new insights on growth for individuals, groups or  organizations.
B000000W9Z|5.0|Do you know those few albums that somehow keep finding their way back into your CD player no matter how many times you listen to them? Outside is one of them. A lot of music is simply forgettable, or grows stale after a bit,  but every time I hear this little gem, it is as good as new.<br />Outside came  along just when the whole &quot;techno&quot; monster started to rise up,  and Bowie made flawless use of it, blending it with industrial and more  traditional pop stylings. Adding on top of this the murder-mystery  storyline, the result is something like the soundtrack to a meth-induced  noir film (which, oxymoronic though it may seem, you want to see the film  of after hearing the album).<br />Much more cohesive than Earthling, which  followed. And just plain...cooler...than Hours, Bowie's most recent outing.
B00000AD94|5.0|I don't get these lukewarm reviews. I love this disc to death, it has so many great moments I don't even know where to start. These guys play great as a band, the drummer is top-notch, the guitar player is interesting and  unique, and what can you say about Neil Morse, the guy is the king. All  their studio discs are excellent, but this one is my favorite. If you liked  The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, and you haven't heard these guys, then hit  that one click button and get this disc now!
6304383827|5.0|To be honest (and this is addressed directly to those who complained about the movie), the first time I rented &quot;Emma&quot; I couldn't get through it and fast-forwarded directly to the last scene.  I decided to give it  another chance, however, and have since watched it six times.  It is truly  wonderful!  The movie's atmosphere and language is very true to that of  Jane Austen (I just finished &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; and can verify  this).  The scenes themselves are very beautiful to look at--the scene in  which Emma hides the mail from her father looks just like a painting.  The  acting is wonderful, especially from Jeremy Northam and (yes) Gwyneth  Paltrow.  Mr. Northam was fascinating in a close-up (watch the way he looks  out of the corner of his eyes at Emma) and Ms. Paltrow was beautiful and  projected the right combination of self-absorption and good will.  In  short, I highly recommend this film to anyone in the world.  If you don't  like it at first, be sure to give it another chance.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Very disappointing! An artist of Carlos Santana's caliber does not need mediocre guest stars to make a satisfying album. The only tracks that work are the ones that he is able to stretch out and play his urgent guitar  solos. Consider this a sellout for the youth market.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This movie is great!  It is about a man named Sonny who adopts a child. Sonny teaches the child unpolite stuff like peeing on the street wall and tripping rollar bladers with a stick!I reccamand this movie to everyone!
6305234760|5.0|I first saw this on PBS and could not believe the costumes and staging.  Later I found it was done in China.  The &quot;costumes&quot; I think are not really costumes but authentic 5th century dress for that period in  time.  I was overwhelmed by the &quot;costumes&quot;, staging and the  authentic setting, beautifully incredibly done, hence the 5 star rating  from me.  The opera itself was secondary to me, nothing to scream about.  I am not one who appreciates huge elderly ladies playing a young princess,  no matter how good they sing.
078062369X|3.0|I know : a vampire movie, right ? But still, its an action movie and not a horror one ... IT has action and all ... but there are some really bloody scenes !  Seriously , no under 18 should watch this ... for example the  scene when Frost was biting the hell out of that stupid cop... blood  everywhere, and Eeesh ... Bottom line : action is action ... horror is  horror ... You want an action movie : you should focus on action !
B000031WD9|3.0|I took a risk and bought this movie without ever seeing it thinking it would be a reliable laugh. Unfortunatly, while it was very funny, the humor was focused on suprising sight gags, and after you see it once it loses its  charm. Also, if they rated the unrated vserion it would be R, it is  extremmly tame, people i watched it with only noticed a few deleted scenes,  and the outtakes are short and pointless. ah well.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|after the great evil empire cd it was like when is rage against the machine going to come out with a new cd? then the battle the L.A. comes out and the cd blew me away. the song mic check is really good. all the songs  rock hard.
0380018179|4.0|I enjoyed this book for the fact that I felt that it depicted reality.  I think that no matter how much we try to disillusion ourselves, this was very correct at portraying a typical, yes typical, family.  I see examples  every day of people that have the same qualities as all the characters in  the book.  Meggie can't let go, or just doesn't want to, Fee can't either.   She can't forget about Frank or Frank's father.  The only character that I  think was rather weak was Dane.  Nobody is like that.  He was just too  perfect.  Sadly enough I was rather glad at his end.
B00000JZI9|5.0|With an all-star cast and wonderful story to &quot;boot&quot; SILVERADO is one of the best westerns that I have ever seen.  It's clean, it's action-packed, and best of all it's believable!  Bruce Broughton is an  authentic composer.  His music brings the story to life. It doesn't break  your concentration on the movie at hand but is good enough to make you want  the soundtrack when your are done.  The soundtrack is a masterpiece.  In  the words of Lawarence Kasdan...it's a &quot;Horse Opera.&quot;
B000023VTQ|5.0|NOTTING HILL IS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST FILM OF 1999. I HAD TO GO BACK TO WATCH IT TWICE. I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL IT IS AVAILABLE TO BUY IT. JULIA ROBERTS AND HUGH GRANT ARE EXCELLENT. THE FILM IS FULL OF SWEET ROMANTIC  FEELINGS. IT IS A MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD KIND OF MOVIE.
B000002L9J|5.0|It's definitely one of the top ten albums ever:drum and bass weave the hypnotic rhytm Johnny Marr's guitar insists on chiselling the riffs that changed...no,simply made our lives.But if you don't believe Morrissey's  rage fading into self irony now,will you ever believe us?
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is a great album. It drives as hard as any Metallica album has in the past (I own all 7 of the studio releases and some bootleg material). The SFO augments Metallicas songs in places that one would expect. There  are some weak points, as many other reviewers have observed, in the vocals.  For example, James lets the crowd sing a good portion of the lyrics during  Master of Puppets. Other than a few minor weaknesses, this album is great.  I found myself smiling, when listening to my favorite band synergize with  an orchestra. After listening to &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, I thirst for  more Metallica songs that were written with an orchestra in mind. The  foreboding orchestral overture is still playing in my head, a month after  first hearing the song. <br />I hope that S&amp;M is only the beginning of  Metallica's collabortive efforts with symphonies from around the World!
0553573411|4.0|Without a doubt, Robin Hobb is a great writer. She made me feel the events and emotions that were portrayed in this book. I couldn't put it down, and yet I was not happy with the way the story was going. I think it takes a  great writer to do that. The ending depressed me, but it certainly left me  wanting more.
0783225547|3.0|&quot;Dante's Peak&quot; is a film that is worth seeing only for it's production, for it's incredible and convincing special effects sequences that truly entertain and keep us watching. The screenplay is just a device  to put a story behind the eye candy. The story is too predictable and  typical, but it's sure better than &quot;Volcano.&quot; What we have here  is a movie that although has good performances and some nice touches in the  story, but is really driven by the cool-looking volcano, lava, debris and  mud sliding down a hill with lots of smoke, a lake with water turning into  acid, and let's not forget the boiling pool where a couple getting kinky  gets crispy. &quot;Dante's Peak&quot; is not &quot;great cinema,&quot; but  it's entertaining. I wasn't bored. In the end, it was fun.
6305622914|5.0|I don't often use the word superb--it's a strange word.  But it seems to fit here. This film has so many things going right for it, not least of which is the absolutely brilliant screenplay. There are quite a few films  today that feature great acting and directing, but pitifully few with  really great writing.  Thank you, Simon Beaufoy.
0790729989|5.0|David Fincher's &quot;Seven&quot; is one of the great, gritty, gothic detective thrillers. It's a film both rich in story and style. You're horrified, you're exhilarated, and all through-out, the screenplay by  Andrew Kevin Walker (8MM, Sleepy Hollow) keeps you thinking and putting the  pieces together of a macabre, perverse puzzle of serial murder. Like  &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs,&quot; &quot;Seven&quot; effectively takes  us into the dark corners of the human mind, using two detectives as the  vehicles into this dark journey. The cinematography is rich in it's use of  shadows and colors. What's effective about the structure is that we can't  quite see what we would like to see, which is more horrific. Kevin Spacey  gives an incredibly good performance here as a psycho and ranks with  Anthony Hopkins's Hannibal Lecter. I loved how Fincher keeps the gothic  mood in every scene, we never quite feel easy even during simple scenes of  conversation. The plot is gruesome, but intriguing. What is disgusting is  done with style, Fincher keeps the artistic values of the story strong,  instead of just focusing on grossing us out. &quot;Seven&quot; is thrilling  and perversly intriguing, it's exhilarating and intelligent. The structure  is wonderfully complex and the ending is shocking and surprising.  &quot;Seven&quot; is a really good movie from a very talented director.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Don't get me wrong people,women need men..but men need women more! Ms. Apple's words are filled w/all the raw emotion our less articulate, counterparts cannot scribe none-the-less sing w/such meaning. Fiona Apple's  latest: When the pawn...is a must have for any woman/man who played the  field, took risks,lied to mercilessly, cheated,used, tormented by a lover's  lingering kiss, or is simply in unexplainable pain  NO!  This is not  depressing or whiny, what Fiona wants to get out is that nobody is alone.  She may have been blessed w/talents from a higher power. This does not mean  shes never has been dumped or lonely. Her words are simple, yes, but we  live in simple times. I feel sorry for those who just don't get it,you will  when you listen 100% &amp; stop running your cyncical minds off!   *Here  are awesome lyrics!  --Limp--But your the one in the way of doom...if you  need my shame to reclaim your pride. --Paper Bag--Hunger hurts but starving  works when it costs too much to love.  a fail to kiss is a fail to  cope...he didn't get it-I thought he was a man but he was just a little  boy. --Get Gone--HOw can I deal with this, if he wont get with this...its  time the truth was out that he dont give a s___ about me.<br />Thank You=)
0767815351|5.0|&quot;Midnight Express&quot; is one of Alan Parker's best films. It's an intense and effective experience from the first shot to the last. The screenplay by Oliver Stone is fantastically written and never lets us  relax, his characters can be believed and everything is frighteningly  realistic. Of course it is! This is a true story. The cinematography is  rich and gritty. The music by Giorgio Moroder is moving and exhilarating.  &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is a gripping film because it's realistic and  in the end, has a message about fooling around with drugs or anything else  that's dangerous in an area you don't know well or understand very much. I  can't believe some other reviewers were dogging the film over stupid  issues. The only Turks that are shown in a negative light are the ones who  horribly treated Billy Hayes in the prison and lets not forget the good-for  nothing lawyer. It seems like it's writing the Turks in a bad light because  the film is self-contained in the prisons and jail cells and court rooms.  It never goes out. Still, &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is riveting  filmmaking. It proves that without a huge budget and special effects, a  film can hold its own on story, mood, writing and performances.
0316920045|1.0|Over 1000 pages of pseudo-subersiveness. Skip it. DWF is desperately trying to emulate one of the century's greatest authors, and utterly fails. One star is too much. Sorry, DWF. Keep trying.  Suggestion: lots of people  have imitated Salinger, and have gotten away with it. Try something easier  next time.
0783225970|5.0|&quot;Scarface&quot; is one of the greatest of all mob movies. It's an epic crime drama done with style and care. Brian DePalma presents a film that ignites the screen with a great screenplay by Oliver Stone and an  amazing performance by Al Pacino. Unlike &quot;The Godfather,&quot; which  was more about family and relationships between father and son,  &quot;Scarface&quot; is an exhilarating and intriguing journey into Miami's  mob underworld, seen through the eyes of Tony Montana, a Cuban refugee with  some of the greatest lines in movie history. The degree of excess here is  brilliantly done and adds even more realism to a great work. DePalma shows  a wonderful touch of style in the sets, costumes, cars, even in the  violence. Look at the brilliant eye for composition he shows in a scene  where an assassination attempt is carried out on Tony in a nigh club. The  movie is full of that Latin style and intensity. The screeenplay By Oliver  Stone is brilliant because it's complex in the way in which we are not just  interested in the action, but characters and events as well. We really care  about what happens with these people, least of all Tony. Pacino gives one  of the greatest and most intense performances, always believable. He steals  the show entirely through his accent and facial expressions. The action  sequences aren't dim-witted, but smart and stylish. &quot;Scarface&quot;  vibrates with style and realism like few gangster dramas have. It stands as  a masterpiece. One of the greatest crime pictures of all time.
B0000399WI|5.0|This movie is by far my favorite for a number of reasons.  The actors (going for realism to provoke emotion) were superb.  I tip my hat to both Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman for their outstanding performances.  I also  believe that the simple atmosphere set for this movie added to it's  authenticity a great deal.  I think that Forest Gump did not deserve the  academy award's Best Picture title because it really was nothing in compare  to the masterpiece that is          The Shawshank redemption.
6305603847|5.0|I just finished reliving the greatest Film/Rock album of all time!<br />This DVD delivered 5 hours of entertainment, with all of extra tracks that came with it!<br />Stunning Visuals!<br />Outstanding Sound!<br />See Roger in a  humourous interview.<br />His commentary is a wonderful new insight to his  thoughts. This man shines!<br />Buy this now for outstanding enjoyment!<br />8  Stars!
0449227545|3.0|None of Ken Follett's books are really boring and all can keep the reader's attention during the reading of them. However, I can still remember clearly a number of scenes from Eye of the Needle more than a  decade after reading the book. Only a couple of weeks away from reading The  Hammer of Eden I can hardly recall anything significant about either the  characters or the plot. The book was marginally interesting - primarily  because of the plot set-up, which, however implausible was at least unique  - but poor follow thru and limp characters result in a story that doesn't  add up to Follett at his best. Too bad, because when he is good he is very,  very good. Not here, however.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This Cd is one of the best I own.You can just let it run and not worry abought it.I love it.I have seen it on other Web Sites and I've heard bad reviews abought it.This is a great Cd,get it!
0613181468|5.0|I am NOT an avid reader, I usually read around 6-10 books a YEAR and I read this one in a matter of days. I absolutely could not put it down. One of my all-time favorite books. This man is not only a incredible mind, but  has incredible talent in conveying his thoughts through the written word.  The book is full of anecdotes which you can draw from in everyday life. A  must-read!
0767805712|5.0|...its true. Gattica isn't a science fiction about a possible future. It IS the future. The technology exists, or soon will exist, to do all of the genetic engineering put forth in this movie. This is one of the more  beautifully written, beautifully acted, beautifully produced, thought  provoking movies I've seen. A definite must-see and must-have.
068484267X|3.0|This book definitely kept me entertained, if not preoccupied, during my Christmas break.  But is it really worthy of the Pullitzer Prize?  I dunno.  This prize should be reserved for Books like &quot;Godel, Escher, and  Bach&quot;, for e.g. - works which have intellectual merit.  Not much of  that here, though McCourt's characteristic fluid, easy style of writing is  charming.
B000000T01|5.0|People have asked me why I am such a nut for this band. I love the albums, but this movie shows exactly why. From the great performances, to the off the wall interviews, to the antics of Keith Moon. This showcases the band  in their prime and why they are still the greatest live band around. A must  have for anybody remotely curious about them
0805017305|5.0|I'm sixteen years old, and I am extremely disappointed that this book is not taught in the US History classes in my high school. We just finished a unit on the Civil War and Reconstruction, and although all of these  terrible events were occuring during this time period, we haven't discussed  them, or even mentioned them in class. The irony is, that I chose this book  specifically for a project in US History, and I am incredibly glad I did.  There is not a more compelling, heartbreakingly true story of American  history than this. It, in many ways, is comparable to &quot;Uncle Tom's  Cabin&quot;, in the effect it created with its arrival into the world.
0780624890|1.0|This is the most stupid movie I have ever seen. Junk.Garbage.Lost money and time....
B00000JGHM|5.0|Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro...two of my favorite actors in one of the greatest movies in the nineties!  It was a nice change to see a cop flick  where I felt sympathy for both sides of the law!  A refreshing break from  all of those other cookie cutter cop movies! And the supporting actors (  Jon Voight, Val Kilmer, Tom Siezmore) were wonderful in thier roles!  *notice that I left off Ashley Judd* This is one powerful movie for anybody  who felt that there was one too many &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; type pictures.
B000035Z2L|5.0|THIS IS UNQUESTIONALBLY THE FUNNIEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR. MAYBE EVEN THE MILLENIUM. I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING. EVEN THOUGH THE FILM HAD MULTIPLE GROSS-OUT HUMOR AREAS, THE PLOT IS THE BEST. I WOULD SUGGEST WATCHING THIS  MOVIE WITHOUT HASTE! I HAVE NEVER SEEN JOKES LIKE THESE BE SO FUNNY. SEE  IT, AND YOU'LL TREASURE IT. NOT ONLY IS IT HILARIOUS, BUT IT IS ALSO  WELL-MADE.
B000031XCR|5.0|I think this is the best album she has come out with because you get a mix of your faves along with some new tunes. I especially enjoyed her new songs, &quot;That's the way it is&quot; and &quot;if walls could  talk.&quot; She does a terrific job and her voice is spectacular. GO  CELINE!
6302043158|4.0|Even though the endings are different in the album vs the movie, still great. English movies are not usually my favorite but I do like this one a lot. Soundtrack is top notch. Well acted. Not boring. Brings you back to  the time (1965?), except in one scene, a Who album is shown that was not  released until the 70's. Guess I'm a stickler, but that kind of oversight  takes away from the movie for me.
B000002VTE|5.0|After reading all of the reviews from old Spiritualized fans who hate this album I decided to give it another listen last night.  What I found was what I remembered, a brilliantly conceived and well executed album.<br />I can  understand those who hated the album who have never heard the group before,  as they are not for everyone.  But I think the old fans were very off in  their criticism.<br />The two complaints lodged the most were pretentious  overproduction, and a lack of a decent melody.  To address the first  complaint, the group has always been fairly pretentious in their  production.  After all Lazer Guided Melodies had the 12 songs grouped onto  4 tracks (very pretentious if you think about it).  None of the instruments  on the album feel excessive, they are merely feel like different parts in  the symphony that Jason Pierce is creating, and they help make this album a  more complete one then the past two.  As for the lack of melodies, the  music has always been more about the atmosphere of the songs then the  melodies.  Jason Pierce has never been Lennon/McCartney.<br />What makes this  album better than the previous two is the wonderful unifying concept that  is employed, as the album feels much more cohesive than past ones.  The  lyrics are also more well-written and heartfelt than in the past.  Overall  and incredible piece of music, which everyone should at least give a go at.
6304117752|5.0|What a cracker!  The day they thought of this film was a day to remember.......I cannot recommend this enough to you all..  It is very hard to get hold of but when you do, be happy.  DVD is a fantastic thing  (especially for me, I won't have to renew the video for the fourth time!)
0375707972|5.0|This book grabbed me from the beginning and carried me all the way to the end.  The storyline is very believable, if you take into account the time and place of the events surrounding the story. Michael Berg, a 15-year-old,  is a well-developed character.  His actions and thought processes are  explained throughout the book.  Whatever he does, we can understand where  Michael Berg arrives from.  We also begin to learn who Hanna Scmitz, a  30-year-old at the start of the book, is, was, and will be.  The story will  deliver you to the time of post-war Germany and explain to youwhat it is  like to be a German citizen.
0060987464|5.0|I don't read that many books, (I read too many mangas and comics...), but I just one day decided to read this book.  I only owned 2 of his cds (Antichrist Superstar and Mechanical Animals) and I didn't listen to them  that much, but I just thought I'd read the book simply out of curiosity.   Once I started reading, I was kinda disgusted by the first chapter but it  got me interested in this guy's, some-what messed up, life.  I acctually  just finished reading the book a few days ago and I liked it all the way  through.  You don't have to be a big M.Manson fan to read the book...just  be somewhat curious about it and give it a try.  I did and ended up really  liking this book.
B000005H7D|5.0|I own this cd and it is fantastic.  John coltrane has some excellent solos along with the rest of them. Lee Morgan on trumpet; Curtis Fuller on trombone; Kenny Drew on piano; Paul Chambers on Bass; and Philly Joe Jones  on drums.  This cd is fantastic it is light upbeat and relaxing all at the  same time.
B00000JGOH|5.0|A pure delight, this cinematic gem -- as elegant as words writ from the pen of that great Bard who serves to source the plot -- alas, poor Billy Shakespeare's in a spot: His muse, it seems, has vanished into air. He's lost his gift, resigned to sad despair. But then, as if on cue, a vision bright awakes again in him the will to write.  A vision full of poetry and love, as brilliant as the sun and stars above. Viola was her name, and she was fair, with eyes of blue, soft skin, and flaxen hair.  Their passion smoldered, nearly to a smother.  But fate's unkind -- she's promised to another! Yet, through despair, their love grew deeper still -- how sad for this Viola and this Will!  But in the time 'twixt love and love's sad end, she lit in him the fire to write again. And thus, you see, the stage was all but set for his great 'Romeo and Juliet'
0385484518|5.0|I started reading this book two nights ago. This morning, I read 3/4 of the book so I could finish it. Now I know why my husband, who doesn't read for pleasure too often, couldn't put this book down. <br />The wisdom Morrie  imparts during his visits with Mitch is full of life lessons we can all  use. It helps to ground us spiritually and emotionally as we start this  year. <br />What a blessing Mitch Albom and Morrie were to eachother! What a  joy it is to have them share their story with the rest of us. I feel that  this book is a stepping stone which I will use to bring about positive  change in my life.
6305014140|4.0|This is one of the best Anime movies I have ever seen.  Its not too picky on trying to make the animation the best in computer graphics or whatever, therefore focusing alot on the story.  The story to this Anime is great, it  keeps you interested and it never gets dull.  The fight scenes start  getting a little too rushed towards the end, but it continues to be the my  third favorite anime movie of all time. (first being Akira and second being  Death and Rebirth of Evangelion)
B0000004V2|5.0|I bought The Stone Roses back in 89 or 90 when it was released in America. I had heard I Wanna Be Adored on the radio in NY and listened to the hype. The album was good, but I never got completely into it....until I popped it  in again a few years ago. Wow....The album finally resonated with me. It is  just a wall of beautifully crafted pop songs. This Is the One and I Am the  Resurrection are certain standouts as is Song for my Sugar-spun Sister.  John Squire's guitar work is about the best of the past decade (Johnny  Marr, Bernard Butler, Robert Smith included) and Ian Brown's hushed vocals,  while not a great singer, certainly have a personality of their own. Reni  and Mani's percussion combine to make it one of the all-time debut records  ever. Believe the hype. This was one of the greatest bands.
0767840135|5.0|Cirque du Soleil is by far the most unique and beautifully twisted, surreal experience available.  Quidam is another example of why no one compares to them.  The production is masterful, the sound wonderful, and  camera work superb.  I just wish that there was more behind the scenes info  and footage.
079284131X|3.0|A rather cheesy and amusing plot about a serial killer who gets his soul transfered from his dead body to a good guy doll at a local toy store. This movie did quite a good job of making a decent horror movie and adding a  spice of humour to it. Lots of fun all the way. Followed by three quite  impressive sequels.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie I've ever seen. It lacks comedy, but then I guess it doesn't need any because of all the action. The plot is genius. The special effects are incredible. Buy this movie.
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a down is the best band ever. They have a great message and every song on the cd is awesome. If you going to buy it get the limmited cd because it has a video of sugar and some other cool stuff. But if you are  looking for the best metal cd this is the one to buy.
B000001AGK|5.0|The years may pass, new generations produce new music and styles, but the classics still stand up. Marvin Gaye produced some of the most philosphical, introspective and ultimately exuberating music of the century  with this CD&gt;
0783229887|3.0|Chucky comes back to life (as always), but this time he has a female play mate. This movie would seem more like a black comedy than a horror movie, but thats nothing bad. Plenty of scares and entertainment which wont let  down for a second. Although, still left open for another sequel.
B00000AFDW|1.0|I am very surprised to see so many good reviews of this CD. I work in a used CD store and we can't give this CD away. Every time I personally try to return it, we already have too many in stock to take it. I love Kiss but  this Cd just doesn't have anything to it. There's no excitement. Most bands  fizzle out after there prime time but Kiss was awesome in both the  seventies and eighties  and this Cd doesn't hold a candle to anything they  have done in the past, with or without Ace and Peter. Listen to Amazon's  previews for yourself, the lyrics are boring and so is the music.
B000002A73|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I asked myself: Where has he left his track? But when I gave myself time to dig deep into the lyrics and make the music flow in my body it took my words back and now I respect him more as  an artist than I did before. As a much of a Pink Floyd fan I recommend this  album to every one that listen to Pink Floyd (I don't think that I've to  recommend this to Roger's fans), especially for those who like lyrics  because they are the soul in this album.
6300214354|5.0|this is val kilmers 1st actual movie.  not only is he a talented(not to mention good looking) actor, but he is perfect in this movie.  it's made by the same people who created &quot;airplane&quot; so you know it's got to be  funny.  i love this movie and have litteraly watched it over 25 times.  all  of the things that happen in this movie will have you rolling on the flore  with laughter.  i realy recomend this movie.  with all the great songs that  are song by val and a song &quot;skeet surfing&quot; by the beach boys i  wish there was a way i could have the soundtrack.  SEE THIS MOVIE!
B00002E233|5.0|This movie is just great. It's unpredictable and you don't know who will be the next to get killed which is nice since most monster movies now days are very predictable. The acting is great but Thomas Jane and LL Cool J  shine in this movie. This movie was great in theaters and it is great on  DVD with deleted scenes(Which help character development, you'll see what I  mean) and director/star commentary with Samuel L. Jackson and director  Renny Harlin. This movie is great and well worth buying.
0792140923|3.0|The thing that really spoils my enjoyment of this film is the way history is re-written.<br />Not ancient history, but history which I lived through. In real-life the anti-war protesters were venting their disapproval of what  they earnestly felt was an immoral war. They took a lot of knocks from the  powers that be for their troubles as well.<br />This movie depicts them as  shallow, selfish, manipulative, power-driven, and even violent people  (there's irony for you!) who were &quot;Unamerican&quot; in every sense of  the word.<br />The odious message of this movie is that ignorance is bliss.  Don't think about things and everything will work out nicely and you will  be happy. Well at least you'll get rich - which in most American movies is  close enough.<br />It's enough to make a person gag.<br />Oh, and the fact it  beat Pulp Fiction and Shawshank Redemption to the best picture Oscar  doesn't help either.
B000002A73|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I asked myself: Did he do this in a rush or is he just too old for writing an album? And I just took the CD out of my stereo and put it away, because I though it was awful. But when I  gave myself time to dig deep into the lyrics and make the music flow in my  body it took my words back and now I respect him more as an artist than I  did before. As a much of a Pink Floyd fan I recommend this album to every  one that listen to Pink Floyd (I don't think that I've to recommend this to  Roger's fans), especially for those who like lyrics because they are the  soul in this album.
B000002KNI|2.0|I personally don't like how the songs don't sound like I remember them.  I much rather the Greatest Hits CD.
6304288433|3.0|Though this film seems a rather impressive film at first, at second glance you can see how it has destroid the first film. This film goes strictly for gore, nothing else, Halloween was suspense. With a few good moment popping  up now and then this film really doesn't have anything new to offer.
6302581907|5.0|This movie is very inspiring. My rating says 5 stars because I love to just sit down and watch this movie over and over again. I am buying it becuase my brother Jon taped over my version becuase I got it off of the  TV. I hope that this film if worth buying... wait! That is one stupid idea!  This movie ROCKS!
B000002C1X|5.0|Ever since I started to listen to music for real I've searched for meaning in the lyrics and some spirit in the music. I found this both in the wall, which is in my opinion the best album I've ever listened to. It's like it  reflect my and (many other that I know) motion and sometimes how people  treat you in your life. I recommed this to everyone that want to discover  who they are and where they fit.
B00002Z88D|5.0|An awesome album from a great band.  Who would have thought that they would do something like this?  It turned out real well.
B00000K0E5|5.0|What an excellent movie! It contains all the action , the romance , the intelligence and the technology of a 007 movie. Don't miss this this DVD i think it is one of the best in the world. The DVD comes with a great  collection of James Bond stuff.
0062502182|5.0|This book reminded me of the Little Prince - one of my favorites. A book that every person will interpret in a different way but that will help each of the readers. Get it, you won't regret it.
B000002A73|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I asked myself: Did he do this in a rush or is he just too old for writing an album? And I just took the CD out of my stereo and put it away, because I though it was awful. But when I  gave myself time to dig deep into the lyrics and make the music flow in my  body it took my words back and now I respect him more as an artist than I  did before. As a much of a Pink Floyd fan I recommend this album to every  one that listen to Pink Floyd (I don't think that I've to recommend this to  Roger's fans), especially for those who like lyrics because they are the  soul in this album.
6302902010|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this performance. Who can keep a dry eye on such moving songs as the duet between Porgy and Bess on &quot;Bess, you is my woman now&quot;? I was captivated by the performances of all of the  principal actors/singers.
B000002W3R|5.0|Like most of the people here, I first heard this album as a kid - as an eight year old fooling around with his big sister's sanyo mono tape player.  Maybe it's stuck with me subliminally, but for me this is unbeatable music  of our time - a white hot band kicking hard on a live take of 'let me be  there' (Elvis coaxing them into a pyrotechnic reprise as the crowd goes  wild!); Elvis with as rich and powerful a voice as he ever had at the piano  singing a truly righteous unchained melody (don't call us, we'll call you,  the righteous brothers!), E showing he can still cut it in rock'n'roll on  'Way Down' which in the chorus lurches into a shuffle stevie ray vaughan  would be proud of (oooh I can FEEL it!), and a fab-o disco take on the  title track Moody Blue. But for me the final two songs, for some reason  care' and 'it's easy for you'. This is Elvis not as King of Rock 'n' Roll  but as King Lear, a man who knows that all the power in the world ain't  nothing without... well, you know what. As Elvis sings 'she thinks I still  care' you KNOW that this is E in total, indefensible denial. BOY does he  care. And the final track which, i discovered to my horror recently, was  written by Lloyd Webber and Rice sums up the last century's greatest  entertainer's dilemma, addressed to his ex-wife, his lover, his fans, his  different point of view/even though i'm shattered/it's easy for you&quot;.  Even after all this time I know if I had to take one record from my  collection to a desert island, then this would be it.
0156421178|5.0|The other week, a Seattle bookstore celebrating its 100th anniversary asked me to pick a favorite book to read at their celebration. I thought about five seconds and picked Homage to Catalonia. <br />It's about the  Spanish Civil War, which few of us still remember. More importantly, it's  about human courage and idealism, and the struggle to make a better  world.<br />Orwell's unblinking in his vision. He's scathing toward the  Communist apparatchiks who'd rather maintain control of their sectors than  win the war against Franco. But he's generous-spirited to all the ordinary  volunteers who served on the Republican side--to people who sacrificed for  a sense of justice and human dignity.<br />He also gives a glimpse of a world  that might be possible--a world of human dignity and mutual aid. Later his  vision got darker, even bitter. I read Animal Farm, for all its power, and  don't see much hope. But Catalonia, without soft-pedaling any of the  downside, embodies that hope in every page--in the portraits of human  courage and aspiration. You read it and it makes you want to act.<br />Orwell  couldn't have anticipated it, but his same Spanish soil later nurtured a  wonderful workers coop called Mondragon. Started in darkest days of Franco  by a Spanish priest who'd fought with the Republicans, it now employs  23,000 worker-owners, and has $4 billion of annual exports. So the dream  Orwell glimpsed wasn't entirely a mirage after all.
B00000K19E|4.0|Once again Keanu puts on another performance worthy of Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, and Point Break, but this film has some unbelievable effects and a story that keeps you semi alert. Worth taking a look at, if  nothing else just for Keanu's crazy antics.
B000035Z3K|5.0|Universal's done a wonderful job of presenting these three versions of the Dracula story; it hasn't left my dvd player since the mailman came friday afternoon! It's especially interesting to compare the spanish version with  Tod Browning's seminal film. I was also curious about the new score Phillip  Glass wrote for the Kronos Quartet to perform (I'm a fan of both Glass and  Kronos). Some have complained about the mix, and I tend to agree, but found  that careful adjustment of my surround sound channels produced a good  balance.<br />One quibble - Amazon notes that the DVD features the Glass  soundtrack as an isolated audio track, but I can't seem to find the music  independent of the dialog. It's unfortunate, but after a couple listens  I've decided that although the music complements the film adequately, it  really doesn't stand on it's own as an independant, coherent piece (atten:  rabid Phillip Glass fans, your mileage will probably vary).
0783228317|5.0|This movie made me laugh so hard I thought I was going to stop breathing.  I mean, I always though ether was used for knocking out paitents going into surgery.  What a trip, one constant stoned adventure scary at times.  Make  sure you take at least 10 hits off the bong before watching this one
B00000J7J4|5.0|I was not a fan of Santana. But, I got this CD as a year end gift from my friends. I popped it in my CD player and listened to it for the first time. Then, I rotated it for a second time, third time... The more I listened,  the more I like what I heard. Even my wife remarked that the music is nice.  I think everyone will like this. Now, I'm Santana's fan. Adios....
B000031WD9|4.0|I loved this movie in the theatres and couldn't wait for it to show up on DVD.  I bought this the first day it came out.  I got the UNRATED version by the way.  At the end of Chapter 15 (or is it 16) as Jim is walking  towards Stifler's pad with the band geek, there is a NOTICEABLE freeze in  the film. It is even more noticeable when viewed it on the audio commentary  mode.  I returned it and got a replacement and THE 2ND ONE HAD THE FREEZE  TOO!  Is this common on ALL the DVD's?  Is this a defect or is this a  result of switching to a 2nd layer?  Please feel free to write to me at  saltypnuts@aol.com
0689825498|5.0|My daughter has loved this book from the very beginning.  She was fascinated by the animals revealed when I lifted the flaps, and then had a great time learning how to lift the flaps herself as she grew older.  She's  a year old now and brings it to me to read to her more than any other book  that we have.  She gets a kick out of the animal sounds we make when we  lift the flaps, too.  It's the only lift-the-flap book we have that she  hasn't managed to tear off any flaps.  I think this book has been  instrumental in showing her how much fun books can be - I highly recommend  it.
B000002JKS|5.0|Despite what many fans out there believe, Robert Plant, like a fine wine, has improved with age.  This album is probably one of my favorites in that it shows Plant's versatility as a serious artist. This in and of itself is  a challenge to anyone playing in what is so commonly referred to as  &quot;heavy metal&quot;. The track &quot;Sixes and Sevens&quot; is  absolutely haunting, and &quot;Trouble your Money&quot; demonstrates just  how much Robert Plant can sing even what I would term a more  &quot;jazz&quot; tune and put forth a fantastic delivery. This is a must  own for anyone who is a fan of Robert Plant.
0380973464|5.0|I have read most of Stephensons work, and was drawn to him ,initially, out of my enjoyment of and interest in the Cyberpunk genre. So Snowcrash was fit the bill as a great, fun novel. This book is significantly more mature,  brilliant, and, frankly, worthy of comparison with some of the best  American authors. I don't think that Thomas Pynchon would be too offended  to hear me compare him to Stephenson; and I would do so with little  hesitation. I would even go a step further and say that while Gravity's  Rainbow is clearly a comparable, and Vineland is as &quot;hip&quot; or  timely (for it's time) I have to say that Cryptonomicon is both a major  work AND a very contemporary piece of literature.<br />While the digressions  into cryptography, greek mythology and WWII history are terrific, so is the  plot and the character development. I especially enjoyed Stephensons'  barely concealed contempt for the now de rigeur,post modern and politically  correct stance that Randy's first girlfriend adopted in the beginning of  the book. The polemic between Randy and the Finnish professor is funny and  great to see in print. I strongly recommend this book for those of you with  enough time available to give it justice...
0440234743|4.0|I enjoyed this book but felt the characters needed more fleshing out.  I didn't particularly like anyone person in the story with the exception of Jevy.  I feel the ending leaves things open for a sequel (which is not  Grisham's style) but it's an idea.  What will Nate do with the trust, how  will he spend it and how much of a fuss will the spoiled brats make when  they find out the whole story?
B00000J7J4|5.0|I had never bought any of Santana's stuff until a friend suggested it to me, and only because of him featuring Laurin Hill.  I bought the CD and liked EVERY OTHER song more than the track with Lauren Hill.  He has a  track for everyone.  It is a definate &quot;Must Buy&quot;.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I can't say they're getting better, since I think their debut was perfect. Affirmation is different, but just as awesome. The debut had a lot of &quot;dark&quot; music, if you know what I mean. Affirmation has its share  of those, too (check out You Can Still Be Free and Gunning Down Romance),  but there are some great pop mixes (Affirmation, The Animal Song, Crash and  Burn) and a few sweet if sometimes sad love songs (Two Beds and a Coffee  Machine, I Knew I Loved You, and I Don't Know You Anymore). Some don't fall  into any of the categories, but they're just as good. <br />The feeling they  put into the music makes you feel like they wrote every word from  experience, and the lyrics read almost like mini-novels. Keep it up, guys,  and don't stop now!<br />Note to Darren and Daniel: Please, please, PLEASE do  a U.S. tour, will you? I will personally be first in line for tickets! ;)
B00002SWEM|5.0|Wonderful pleasure in seeing again at home these magnificents artists from Cuba.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limb Bizkit is a talentless band, they can't play there instruments and Fred Durst is one of the worst vocalists I've ever heard.<br />Buy Kreator, Dream Theater, Savatage, Love/Hate, Royal Hunt, Blind Guardian, Saxon  ,Windowmaker and/or Shadow Galary albums instead.
B00000JCB3|4.0|This CD rocks! &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;Nookie&quot;, and &quot;Rearranged&quot; are the best songs. &quot;No Sex&quot; is a good change of pace, being a ballad as it is. &quot;N2Gether Now&quot; ihe worst  song, and if you want to listen to &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, get the  unedited version.  The song is cool and funny, especially the lyrics  &quot;Everyting is f**kt, everybuddy sux...&quot;. This is better than  their first cd, because the music is more controlled, and the songs are  easier to listen to. Cheque it out fellas!
0780624890|5.0|Excellent DVD conversion that is packed with extras. Tremendous movie which is ideal to own as a dvd as it is the type of movie you can watch again and again. To simplify and put this dvd into context Blade would in  my opinion be a close contender to the Matrix for best dvd to date!
B00002E233|2.0|This silly movie resembles a spoof of Spielberg's classic JAWS. There is also a touch of POSIDON ADVENTURE and LEVITHAN included in the plot.It's mindless fun if you have 100 minutes to waste and don't expect too much.  Fans of cool new digetal effects(sometimes obvious) will also enjoy this  film. The DVD edition looks great. With fine, sharp colors on a wide screen  image. A very listenable commentary by Samuel Jackson(often humerous) and  director Renney Harlin, also short making of featurettes, trailer and still  photo file are included. Quite a lot of extras for a dumb flick. DEEP BLUE  SEA may be worth a rental, but only true fans will want the DVD.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Roberto Benigni creates pure enchantment in this most touching of films.  I loved it with deep intensity.  Guido (Benigni's character) is so laden with humor, humanity and passion that you find yourself feeling that you,  somehow, know him.  He is everyman who's risen above his circumstances to  face his destiny with dignity and humor.  Benigni walks the finest line of,  I believe, any character in modern cinema.  Here we have a man facing one  of the greatest horrors in history and he does so with a smile and an  innate sense of fantasy in order to shield his beloved son from the tragedy  that's unfolding around them.  This is an enormously human film, touched by  genius.  I dare anyone to walk away unaffected by this charming and  haunting tribute to the endurance of the human spirit.  Flawless  performances all around and Giorgio Cantarini is so adorable you want to  make him your own.  What a magical film this is.  &quot;Life Is  Beautiful&quot; does exactly that: Makes life beautiful.  Rent it or buy  it; either way, just watch it.
0425170349|5.0|I've read most of Clancy's other books, and I think this is if not his best, at least among the top three. His characteristic tehnological detail and likable characters make the length of this book undaunting. Ex-SEAL  Clark has a large role in Rainbow Six. He keeps the action coming; this  book is very hard to put down.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Wow! The guitar in this is wonderful. And if you like latin, you will love this one
B00001ZWTS|1.0|If you're an early adolescent (especially male) you may just like this film (No offense intended toward males over the age of fifteen).  The rest will probably find it offensive, boring, and even embarrasing (poor Salma  in those stupid pajamas).  I could not finish watching this film out of  sympathy for the actors.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game: A review, by Jay of London<br />Ender is a 6-year-old genius at the beginning of our book, when he gets the Moniter removed. Ender believes that he can go back to a &quot;normal&quot; life, after having the  goverment retract their Moniter, and Peter, his brother who (to put it  nicly) is a future Exterminator (not really, power-hungrey Peter gets what  he wants, and deserves, in the end), anyways, Peter will start having a  &quot;brotherly&quot; relationship with him. <br />Then Colenel Graff comes  and whisks Ender off to Battle School. There Ender learns to be a good  soilder through isolation, games, &quot;Fairyland&quot;, and using his own  creativity. <br />Valentine, the only one who loves him, (his parents do, but  it gets complicated), ends up siding with Peter, in a plot to take over the  world. <br />I'll leave it at that, but just know that this is one of the best  books I've ever read.
6305252521|5.0|If you are one of the persons that usually wonder where the heck do you come from or if your life is being controlled by a higher entity this may be your favorite movie.  Using contemporary elements, &quot;Truman  Show&quot; share with the &quot;audience&quot; one of the oldest  philosophic matters of mankind. Are you gonna buy it?.....say something  goddamn it! You're on television!
0880794968|4.0|The Rider-Waite was my first deck, and although I have many others, I still appreciate and use it.  I was glad that a recoloration of the deck had been undertaken, and I really wanted to like it.  I do, but with  qualifications.  First of all, my feeling is that Hanson-Roberts should  have had as her motto &quot;if it ain't broke, don't fix it.&quot;  Some of  the original cards were just fine the way they were!  The Hermit comes to  mind; I found the flat, mysterious blue-gray background color of the  original to be just perfect.  The same is true of the original  Aquarian-blue background of the Queen of Swords, and the striking yellow of  The Magician.  The Universal Waite versions of these cards have various  shadings and nimbuses of light that diminish from the overall impact.  I  also find that the original Aces have more power and presence than the new  versions.  <br />Perhaps the most disconcerting for me is the way that Mary  Hanson-Roberts changed the details of the faces.  Contrary to a previous  reviewer, I think Pamela Coleman-Smith was a fine graphic artist and had  the ability to communicate volumes with a simple penstroke.  The new deck  has hazy, washed out features (The High Priestess, in particular, reminids  me of a girl I knew in high school who wore white lipstick) that seem to  make the figures slightly disembodied, and not really firmly in the  settings.  The worst example of this is the Queen of Wands, who has quite  an attractive visage in the Rider-Waite deck.  This new version shows her  homely and shell-shocked, with huge nostrils as the dominant feature of her  face.  I really do enjoy the new quality of the colors, but especially  since Hanson-Roberts has her own published deck out, I wish she had  contented herself with being more at the service of the original  Coleman-Smith drawings, and not tinkered quite so much with them.
6303201962|5.0|Undoubtably the best Trek movie, The Wrath of Khan delivers not only the action and comedy that non-Trekkies require, but the thoughtful, mind-bending questions that true Trekkies relish... and, in the grand  tradition of the very best of science fiction, the question of 'are we  trying to play God?' is not given a definitive answer in the picture. It's  left up to us to answer that question ourselves. After the closing credits  roll on the best-written Trek ever, and one of Shatners few really good  performances, we are left to think for ourselves. How many action movies do  that? Very few that are not boring or preachy.
0812931017|4.0|I have learn a lot from Branson's policy. In my opinion, this is a guy that gets bored easily. He creates a good company and after that he sells it in order to take on another adventure. What is admiring is that he makes  millions of pounds while playing this game, and that he is creating the  biggest brand in the world. It would be great to work for him.
6303201962|5.0|Undoubtably the best Trek movie, The Wrath of Khan delivers not only the action and comedy that non-Trekkies require, but the thoughtful, mind-bending questions that true Trekkies relish... and, in the grand  tradition of the very best of science fiction, the question of 'are we  trying to play God?' is not given a definitive answer in the picture. It's  left up to us to answer that question ourselves. After the closing credits  roll on the best-written Trek ever, and one of Shatners few really good  performances, we are left to think for ourselves. How many action movies do  that? Very few that are not boring or preachy.
B00000IKSC|5.0|I went to the 1998 tour and just bought the Home Coming video. Anyone who say 1998's BSB tour this video is a MUST have!  It will bring back all the memories of the great concert. If you weren't there then you need to see  what you missed so then you will catch them soon. Personally I think it is  there best video out there. It is action packed with everything we love  about the guys. There are some great looks they give to us the viewers  too!  If you haven't bought it then skip the previewing of it and order it  now :)
6303201962|5.0|Undoubtably the best Trek movie, The Wrath of Khan delivers not only the action and comedy that non-Trekkies require, but the thoughtful, mind-bending questions that true Trekkies relish... and, in the grand  tradition of the very best of science fiction, the question of 'are we  trying to play God?' is not given a definitive answer in the picture. It's  left up to us to answer that question ourselves. After the closing credits  roll on the best-written Trek ever, and one of Shatners few really good  performances, we are left to think for ourselves. How many action movies do  that? Very few that are not boring or preachy.
B000009PNY|4.0|If this review gets printed, it'll be on top of a number of negative responses. If you're a Depech Mode fan, you may not enjoy this cd. Unlike other &quot;tributes&quot;, these artists aren't devoted to slavishly  reproducing the exact same song that they're supposed to be praising, with  all the artistry of Memorex. This album is daring, a kaleidoscope of sound.  From the death metal of Rammstein to the techno-goofyness of Self to the  pop sounds of Dishwalla and the tender voices of Veruca Salt, there's  something different around every corner. This album isn't for everyone.  It's just for people who love all kinds of music. Don't let others dictate  your taste. Check it out for yourself.
B00001PE4D|5.0|As original was genious, this is more clever. Not just a remake, its an story of its own with good characters and actors. It is worth it!
B00002E233|5.0|This is a very entertaining movie.  It's not the type that will become legendary like Jaws, but if you'd like a movie you can watch over and over again and be entertained, than this is it.
6304510861|5.0|This movie was so good and thought-provoking that I watched it twice in one night, and I plan to watch it again.
0385486804|5.0|this book kept me turning the pages, even though we know the outcome. i thought the author did a good research job-even if we will never quite understand why a person seems compelled to go to such extreme measures to  find him themselves.  i also thought it completely stupid, and kinda  egotistical to think you can go into the wild totally unprepared and  survive. i think he got what he was asking for.
6304712944|5.0|For those of you looking to explore the range of human emotion in a simpler time, this movie will not disappoint you. The film has everything; romance,love,lust,betrayal,murder,greed, and a cast of the most concincing  actors.  Richard Harris is a most splendid King Arthur, portraying a  gentle, strong, and wise man.  Vanessa Redgrave gives Queen Gweniviere a  playful, even lovable nature despite the destruction she brings to the  Court.  Franco Nero is the male perfected.  His Sir Lancelot has been  lusted after by many women over the years, due no doubt to his dashing good  looks and incredibly intoxicating french accent.  I first saw this film in  1968 at a theatre in Houston, Texas and was hooked immediately. The music  alone will stir your soul and cause you to reflect on your own past loves.   Many are the days in which you will find yourself mindlessly humming one or  more of the provocative songs from this picture. This is one of the finest  examples of musical moviemaking in the history of film.  I truly hope that  you enjoy it as much as I have over the years.
6304779356|5.0|This is a classic - and I generally don't like horror movies! Beautifully cast (Keifer RULES and Jason Patrick is PERFECT), the plot is fun and the scenery and costumes support the genre. What's even better is the  soundtrack - totally awesome!  I highly recommend this one.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is the first Metallica-CD I've bought ever, and I am amazed. I have never liked Metallica before, so I guess that a symphony orchestra was indeed needed if I was to even look their way. *Thanks to the small poster  on the broken parking machine in Stockholm*. This is among the most  powerful CD:s I've got. Michael Kamen has done a great work! Very, very,  VERY good. i would like to rate this 6 stars! So if you like rock-music  with a hundred-piece symphony orchestra behind it, you'll love this!
0792840852|5.0|For those people who have not seen this great classic, what are you waiting for? This movie fulfills all the requirements for one of Hollywoods greatest musicals ever made. You'll be awed by the awesome dancing of  O'Conner, Reynolds and of course Gene Kelly. You'll laugh at Jean Hagen  portraying the &quot;dumb blond&quot; and enjoy a scene with the talented  Cyd Charisse. Anyone who hasn't seen this movie at least 5 times has to go  see it again!
B000002J1C|5.0|This is the first album of an iconic progressive/classic rock trilogy. With the addition of guitarist Steve Howe, a truly original artist, Yes started a musical legacy that could very well become the classical music of  the 21st Century. &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; kicks off the Yes  long-composition heritage with dramatic country/classical riffing,  jazz/fusion guitar soloing and driving Chris Squire basslines.  &quot;Clap&quot; (not THE Clap!) shows Howe's astonishing burst of hotrod  country pickin'. &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; marks the real birth of Jon  Anderson's cosmic, romantic word tone poetry and &quot;Perpetual  Change&quot; is a complex and fascinating piece of work that still sounds  fresh today. This fine album is a definite must-have.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Many of Dido's songs emphasize her voice, and therein lies her strength--her choruses are beautifully harmonized and have a wonderful understated strength to them.  It's easy to liken her to Sarah McLachlan,  but some of her songs have the slightly groovy touch of Morcheeba, and a  couple (especially track 3) remind me of Mono with vocals that are slightly  more ethereal than the previous two.  If you listen to any of these three  performers, you probably won't kick yourself too hard if you bought this  album without listening to it first.
B000002J1F|4.0|&quot;FRAGILE&quot; is the second in an iconic trilogy of progressive/classic rock albums, consisting of five solo tracks and four band performances. Hilights include the groundbreaking  &quot;Roundabout&quot;, with it's acoustic guitar harmonics, bubbling  bassline, abrupt time signature changes and swirling hammond organ. It is  one of Yes's most famous songs. As is &quot;Heart Of The Sunrise&quot;, an  intricate construct of driving guitar and bass riffs, soaring vocals, and  splashes of piano. Essential.
6303270018|4.0|The opening line of &quot;Maverick&quot; is sure to be one quoted in Movie Trivia games worldwide. I thought the movie was, mostly, outrageously funny, full of wit and on the whole a very entertaining movie. I was  disappointed, and at first befuddled, by the constant double-crossing,  right up to the last bath scene. One was reminded of the old movie  &quot;The Sting&quot;. And the ending was disappointing, almost leaving a  call for a Maverick II. But so far, no results. Mel Gibson and Jodie Foster  are great actors (remember Ransom and Silence of the Lambs?) and together  made this a very entertaining movie - for most of the time. My opinion -  almost there, but not there yet - 4 stars...
B000002J1H|4.0|Just when the punk era was apon us and Progressive Rock bands were deemed to be dead, Yes reunites with Keyboardist Rick Wakeman and creates arguably the last masterpiece of the &quot;classic&quot; lineup. Here's a  track-by-track analysis: &quot;GOING FOR THE ONE&quot;: Yes plays rock and  roll! (Sort of). Only this title track, in my opinion, stops this album  from getting five stars. This song is interesting but is a little too  shrill and busy. &quot;TURN OF THE CENTURY&quot;: A track that is an often  overlooked classic. One of the prettiest songs Yes ever wrote, with  intricate and carefully constructed arrangements and melodies.  &quot;PARALLELS&quot;: Chris Squire's hard driving bass and organ-driven  song is an unusual piece that gets a little frantic in places, but is  memorable nonetheless. &quot;WONDROUS STORIES&quot;: Folky, classical and a  bit of a psychadelic throwback, this song is one of the most charming and  likeable in the entire Yes catalogue, and was a minor hit single to  boot.<br />&quot;AWAKEN&quot;: Is one of the most beloved of all Yes  compositions, and for good reason. It was one of the few times a  composition seemed to play the band and not vice-versa. &quot;Awaken&quot;  blends ethnic Greek, classical organ music and pure progressive rock into a  15 minute epic that musically and lyrically transports the listener  elsewhere. I'm not kidding. Steve Howe's lightning-quick electric 12-string  guitar Wakeman's swirling, sweeping organ and keyboards create a unique  soundscape. Not until 17 years later in 1994, did Yes create a piece of  music; &quot;Endless Dream&quot;, that even came close to  &quot;Awaken&quot;.
6303020089|5.0|Ok so maybe my opinion is biased because I think Harrison Ford is the greatest actor ever. But on the other hand, before I saw &quot;The Fugitive&quot;, I had no idea who Mr. Ford was (I saw the original 3 Star  Wars only 2 years ago.)<br />So whilst this movie is definitely getting old,  it is still one of the few Great films of all time, and really, should be a  classic.<br />Into the New Millenium, we may see more and more movies full of  action and daring but in seven years, no one has topped Harrison Ford and  Tommy Lee Jones in the one movie I know of that you never tire of watching!
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is one of the best and extraordinary buy of the year.All the lyrics in this album is great.I liked that she included her old hit songs like the Power of love and All Coming back to me now.Frankly speaking  Celine has the most powerful voice that you could imagine.No one  can  compete her even like MARIAh Carey.All that woman did is wearing short  short skirt/dress and tiny shirt that would fit to a five years old  kid.Think about it,before you buy Ms Carey's cd.But Celine doesnt need to  exposed her body in public because she already have a talent that no one  has..She's been very popular singer in my  homeland&quot;Philippines&quot;.CELINE YOU ARE AWESOME
6303430570|5.0|This movie is by far the funniest film ever produced... and on a measly budget, too!  Not for virgin ears, though!  Also check out: Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma... all by the same director, Kevin Smith (aka:  GOD) this is probably his best work, despite unexperienced actors, that  just adds to the film's fun!
0446525537|2.0|This book is very sweet but is predictable and superficial. A nice story, but don't look to this for any deep life lessons.
6300214753|5.0|I am a teenager and I love this movie!  My parents rented it when I was about 12 and I loved it then and I bought it when I was 17 and I still love it! It's a real accurate  portrayal of High School life and this if by far  Broderick's best performance ever! Let's not forget the classic scene with  his friend's Ferrari crashing through the back of the raised garage and  Mr. Rooney, who resembles some of the staff in my High School! :-) This  movie is a true gem! It's hard to tell it was made in 1986! Wow! It still  makes me laugh every time I see it!
B000002KIK|5.0|Apparently, most Sabbath fans hate Never Say Die, and in fact Technical Ecstasy as well.  I couldn't disagree more.  These last two albums (for after Ozzy left, it wasn't really Sabbath anymore, was it?) let show the  troubles the band was having, but that doesn't stop them from being great  music. &quot;Johnny Blade&quot;, &quot;Air Dance&quot;, &quot;Junior's  Eyes&quot;, and &quot;Shock Wave&quot; top my list of great songs from this  record. Maybe it's that some listeners pigeonhole Sabbath after hearing  stuff from Paranoid, Masters of Reality, et cetera, and don't take the time  to consider all 8 albums as a whole.  If you sat down and listened  carefully to all 8 in a row, you could hear the progression from one to the  next.  Their self-titled debut is similar to Paranoid, which is similar to  Master of Reality, which is similar to Volume 4, but the first LP and Vol4  are not similar AT ALL.  Black Sabbath experienced a very complex musical  progression, and it deserves to be considered as a whole.  And when  considered thus, Never Say Die makes a fitting ending.
0767819594|1.0|This movie was pretty horrible.  The plot wasn't all together terrible, but the acting was just awful, and it ruined what could have been a pretty good movie.  Personally, I don't think it is worth wasting your time on to  watch.
B000002UCQ|4.0|I like it, but it badly needs re-mixing. I won't buy the CD until it's re-mastered. What the hell was Spector doing with all of the buring of melody and instruments with horns and mush? Kills some of the melodies.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is by no mean an epic, but it IS a nice little film about growing up and friendship, with lots of laughs along the way.<br />The marks for character development and emotional depth is surprisingly high for drama of  this genre, and the acting is pleasantly uncommercial and well done.<br />All  in all the film was a surprisingly moving experience and I unabashfully  echo, &quot;here is to the next step.&quot;
B000002UAO|5.0|LKeener is an 18 year old, zit faced kid from West Virginia. An avowed Beatles hater(read her profile) who has infested the web with her venom against the Fab Four. Beware of such evil!
0395759242|4.0|This is a marvelous book, addressing a little-known subject (really, what do you know about the turn-of-the-century Congo?).  I recommend it to all students of the European expansion, and to all Americans.<br />This is a  well-written book that I recommend without reservation.  If I were editor,  however, I would have made two changes: (1) less discussion (especially in  the middle of the book)on the activities in England of the anti-Leopold  groups (despite the undoubted nobility of their actions); and (2) MORE  MAPS! (an unmet requirement for almost all modern historical books).  I am  ecouraged to re-read &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot;<br />The saddest passages  in the book are in the epilogue (unlabeled as such, however): the Congo  experiences (as much as 10 million dead, 50% mortality, which exceeded  Europe's Black Death as a demographic catastrophe) was not unusual for  sub-Sahara African experience for the time.  Just something to think about.
B00000JGHM|5.0|I'd like to start this review by stating that, in my opinion, Al Pacino should have received another acting nomination in 1995 for his performance in this movie.  Additionally, this movie should have been at least  nominated for Best Picture and Best Director.  However, having said that, I  can rest safe in the knowledge that the Academy made their mistake.  This  is a truly great film, and I never tire of seeing it.  The performances are  all dead-on (especially Pacino's), the action is first-rate, and the  cinematic style is truly unique.  Cinematographer Dante Spinotti captures a  vision of Los Angeles, both by day and by night, that is nothing short of  mesmerizing.<br />One curious thing about the movie is its willingness to  explore the relationships of its characters.  If it's constant action  you're looking for, go somewhere else.  This movie is about crime, the  people who fight it, and the relationships destroyed by it.  It is told in  a flashy style that probably kept Academy voters away, but what do they  know?<br />Here's a tip:  set aside 3 hours, sit back, and absorb this film.  It's one of the best movies of the 1990s.
1559409010|5.0|From start to finish, one of the funniest films ever made. The parallels between the lives of Jesus and poor Brian, and the comic relief reflected in the film of events of the time, i.e. a stoning and even a crucifiction,  will keep you in stitches. As a Christian, I did not find this movie  sacriligous, I found it funny. It will take at least 5 viewings of the  movie to get all the one liners, due to the fact that you will be laughing  so loud that you will miss the next line. Always look on the bright side of  life!
B00001QGPR|4.0|After a few great flirtations with the world of techno-pop, Bowie finally returns to a more familiar melodic form.  The opening song &quot;Thursday's Child&quot; is simply beautiful, and I love the song &quot;The Pretty  Things are Going to Hell.&quot; A very reflective piece that offers neither  too much nor too little. It's somewhere in between. I like it.  It shows  that Bowie has matured and is more comfortable with it.
B00000G3PA|5.0|This movie is BY FAR the most amazing, spirit-capturing movie ever made!   If the non-stop cover-to-cover action and comedy doesn't get you first, the emotion and music will.  If you haven't seen this movie, watch  it.  I'm dead serious about this (hehe).  Armageddon is definately my most  favorite movie of ALL TIME (and it'll probably be yours, too)!   In  short, a must-see.
B000000OE7|5.0|This is the last album put together by the remaining members of Queen after Freddie's death. It amazes me even today that despite all of the pain and anguish that Freddie must have felt during the recording of these  tracks, he still managed to give the greatest performances of his life.   &quot;Heaven for Everyone&quot; is far by the best song on the album,  although I love the choir background in &quot;Let Me Live.&quot;  All in  all, a beautiful final tribute to the memory of one of the greatest singers  in rock history. I love it.
B000003S0D|5.0|I love how this very, very English art-rock landmark recording has been taunting extreme reactions from critics and non-crits for no less than 28 years. <br />First off, Lizard is possibly the jazziest rock record ever made.  Now right there you're gonna run off the Skynard and Bad Company fans. It's  damn cerebral stuff, but in a  Psychedelic/Goth/Jazz way it's clearly  guided by a rock aesthetic. <br />Lizard at heart is really a blowing album.   Mel Collins' fleet, Bird-like sax gracefully weaves about like a spring  sparrow in this dark forest of an album. Did I mention Lizard's very  English qualities?<br />Some critics' concerns about the &quot;amateur&quot;  vocals seem particularly outdated, especially in this post-post-punk year  of 1999.  Gordon Haskell's odd, adenoidal undertoned vocals certainly fit  the ominous moods here.<br />Lizard is more focused than the previous two King  Crimson records, less melodramatic (good) and more darkly seductive. This  is creative stuff, and sonically (as in recording quality) very intimately  produced by Fripp.<br />It's some of the best Crimson for me.  No bogus  post-Discipline &quot;dance&quot; music. No Belew caterwauling. Just Fripp  doing what he does best; being hyper-mental, playing always with invention  and fire, leading his group to the edge and occasionally going over  it.<br />(A note to critic David Sinclair:  You should consider using your  editorial powers for good, not evil.)
B00001OH7O|5.0|I just got this album for Christmas, and I just can't stop listening to it!  I absolutely love &quot;Oh! You Pretty Things.&quot;  This album combines rock sounds with classical sounds.  There's lots of piano and a  few violins thrown in for good measure. Bowie is clearly a genius at work  and his ability to blend the songs and write poetic lyrics is positively  exciting on this album.  The re-issue album sounds crisper and clearer so  that you can savor every note and vocal in the songs. Defintely worth  owning.
B000005JA8|5.0|Absolutely original, unflinchingly daring natural music for the new millenium.  By turns raucous, silly, chaotic and gorgeous this CD is a manifesto of self-discovery.  The growled first  lyric on the album is  unequivocal:  &quot;I cannot go back to your Frownland.&quot; <br />Newbies:  don't make us cajole you into trying this.  There's a million words to be  said about it, but they don't mean s--t if you haven't heard it.  Just buy  it and let it f--k up your head. Actually you should probably start with  another Beefheart album, so you can have the thrill of working your way up  to this one!<br />Just about everyone agrees this one is difficult upon the  first listen, but they also agree that after a few spins it reveals itself  to be just what it is; GODHEAD. Peace, Out.
B000000OA6|5.0|This album, released in 1991, marked Freddie Mercury's last recording with the band before he died. And I can tell you, it does not disappoint. I think this album sticks closer to the 70's sound that they became so famous  for, with multi-layered tracks and a lush sound that both relaxes you and  makes you bang your head.  The best two songs in my opinion are the title  track (love that break in between the song!) and the bittersweet  &quot;These are the Days of our Lives.&quot;  Every time I hear that song,  I want to cry.  It's so beautifully written and arranged, I cannot imagine  a single soul who would not want to own this album.
0380730405|3.0|To me, this book contained too much detail. There were so many things that Daphine DuMaurier overly described. I bet you that I could cut 1/3 of the book and it would still have the same affect toward the readers, maybe even  more. At first, the book was very boring and I had to force myself to read  it. I finally reached the climax and that's where it got to be interesting.  Too bad there were only 7 chapters left ;). For people who would like to  learn how to write descriptive anything, this is the perfect book for you.  Even though I am a bit skeptical on why everyone else seems to like it so  much, I am glad that I have read it.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This was one of the first albums that I added to my ever-growing David Bowie collection.  Although no one really admits it, Bowie really was one of the godfathers who ushered in the new wave era. And this album is  definitely a precursor to the new wave explosion. His ability to create and  re-create himself in ways that are never tiring amaze me.  My favorites are  the title track, along with &quot;Teenage Wildlife&quot;, &quot;Ashes to  Ashes&quot; and &quot;Up the Hill Backwards.&quot;  Bowie tries out new and  different sounds, from guitars to voices placed over and under some of the  tracks. This album sounds experimental in some ways, but Bowie definitely  knew what he was doing.  All in all, a great sounding record with some  pretty unique and interesting lyrics.  I love it.
B00000JPHF|5.0|This is a classic. Much better than any of the Frankenstein movie's of more recent vintage. Dark and sinster with a really different looking monster. Karlof steals the show as the misunderstood monster who only wants  to be accepted by people.
B000003S0K|5.0|I just got this one for Christmas. After infectously listening to the &quot;Velvet Goldmine&quot; soundtrack for 8 months straight, I simply had to own the original versions of the Brian Eno songs from that album. And I  can tell you, this album is one wild ride. It combines rock sounds with  sounds that I can't even identify. Very experimental and very fun. Brian  Eno is a musical genius, as proven with his work with such artists as David  Bowie. He has the vision and ability to take the simplest note and turn it  into something that is long lasting and legendary.  This album is a little  strange and scary at first, but if you love 70's era sounds, you will love  this album. Buy it!
B00000JPHE|5.0|This movie is old and somewhat corny special effects wise but the acting was great.Bela Lugosi plays a totally evil and creepy Dracula with a great supporting cast. One thing thou i recommend buying the 1999 release with  the new musical score it makes the movie really creepy.
B000000OAC|5.0|I wasn't really sure what to make of this album the first time I heard it. It was Queen, but it was a bit of a departure from their previous albums. Obviously, everyone knows &quot;We will rock you&quot; and &quot;We Are the  Champions,&quot; but there are other songs on here that are just as great.   I love drummer Roger Taylor's vocal on &quot;Fight From the Inside,&quot;  and I adore &quot;Spread Your Wings,&quot; but I have to say that my  favorite song is the more conventional Queen-sound on &quot;It's  Late.&quot;  That songs combines a slower steady beat, and then it speeds  up into this heavy guitar and drum driven sound. Excellent!  It does differ  in sound than Queen's other albums, but that's why I like it. It defintely  can stand on its own.
B000000WF0|5.0|Absolutely brilliant. An emotional rollercoaster ride. A complete disaster when they split - again. Buy it and wear it out. Will there be a better compilation of musical masterpieces this millenium?
B000000WCX|4.0|I am always constantly impressed with how David Bowie easily slips out of one form of music and into another.  In a day and age when techo beats are popular but lame, and I spend hours cowering in my room stuck musically in  the 70's,  this album pops out and suddenly I am back in the 90's again.  Bowie flirts heavily with a Trent Reznor-like sound, but with his amazing  voice, this experimental album works very well. The best track is &quot;I'm  Afraid of Americans.&quot;  It just starts off and builds to this LOUD  chorus.  This is a good album to get if you are like me, not really into  the 90's sound, but still are able to appreciate genius when you hear it  (although I will always love the 70's Bowie glam more).
B000002OX7|5.0|What a beautiful album. Definitely one of my all-time favorites and one of the best rock and roll albums of all time. Every time I listen to Who's Next, I am overwhelmed by the sheer emotion and power of the album.  Each  song is spectacular in its own right and together, the compilation makes  for a masterpiece.  Although Who's Next has personal significance for me  and I could rave on and on about it forever, even if you're not a Who fan,  you should check it out. Who's Next is not only a testament to the beauty  and power of rock and roll but to that of music in general.
B00001OH7P|5.0|I actually own another version of this album, which contains previously unreleased bonus tracks. Still, though, you can't go wrong with this enhanced CD. From the brilliant beginning with &quot;Five Years&quot; to  the wonderful melodic &quot;Starman&quot; up through my favorite, the  classic &quot;Ziggy Stardust,&quot; this album takes you on a wild ride  through one of the greatest rock personas to ever exist on an album or in  concert.  Bowie's voice provides the perfect backdrop for the great but  tragic life of spaceman Ziggy Stardust.  It is an essential classic rock  album that everyone should own, and now that it's been re-released, no one  has the excuse of saying they can't find it. Beautiful.
6305075379|5.0|After reading everybodies reviews, does anyone know if the DVD version &quot;Mad Max (1980)&quot; -  is the american dubbed version or not?
B000001Y5J|5.0|NIN (or trent, i should say) started out with Pretty Hate Machine, with almost dance beat songs with an industrial twist. he followed it up with this EP, Broken, the angriest work i have ever seen. Wish, Last (the best  song of his first 2 CDs), and Happiness in Slavery are louder and angrier  than anything on PHM, and blew away any thoughts of NIN being a flash in  the pan. Be warned with this CD, though. If you fell in love with the PHM  sound, this assault might come as quite a surprise
B0000214F3|5.0|This film has something that most flicks today can only dream of: class.  It doesn't spoon-feed the plot to you, and it doesn't have useless dialogue crammed into every nook and cranny.  Those who say this film drags should  stick to children's cartoons.  There is so much happening beneath the  surface.  Some just tune out the gaps in dialogue, and that's a real  tragedy, because that's when the most happens, and the film really shines.   Pitt, Hopkins, and Forlani are tremendous.  Pitt's combination of power and  innocence is flawless.  This film is the most sophisticated to come out in  a while, and the fact that the critics don't like it doesn't phase me one  bit, nor does it surprise me.  Meet Joe Black is a breath of fresh air: a  truly elegant film.
0553274503|5.0|This is a great book about overcoming obstacles and realizing what life is really like.  I was very moved and almost cried at a few parts.  I would reccomend this book to anyone as long as they are not very immature.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Carole King's masterpiece &quot;Tapestry&quot; is exactly what its title suggests: a thick, colorful blend of everything that you realize belongs to Carole King and not just to those people who may sing her stuff.  This  album proves that Carole King owns her music: songs like &quot;Will you  Still Love me Tomorrow&quot; and &quot;Natural Woman&quot; sound so much  better in King's raw voice.  The emotional backing behind these songs is  superb and realistic.  Songs like &quot;Home Again&quot; give you that  aching feeling of complete understanding (&quot;I really need someone to  talk to, and nobody else knows how to comfort me tonight&quot;), and  &quot;Too Late&quot;'s almost jazzy piano show that Carole pulled her  influence from all sorts of music.  Another gem is &quot;I Feel the Earth  Move,&quot; where Carole's vocal talent emerges especially at the end of  the song, and you get an almost Janis Joplin (Bobby McGee) effect.  Enjoy  this CD because it's a must-have in any music lover's collection.
B00003Q438|3.0|I surely do not wish to show any disrespect to any of you who love this film and think of it as a &quot;certain classic,&quot; yet I must disagree.  Hey, everyone's a critic.<br />I am a huge fan of Cameron (except that  &quot;King of the World&quot; acceptance speech).  Everything from  Terminators to Aliens, and even Titanic (which I thought was a great love  story).<br />This being said - I must say that this is a terribly overrated  film.  <br />But first: The acting is quite good.  Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth  Mastrantonio, and Michael Beihn, as well as an exceptional supporting cast,  are great and very well cast.  Given that it's Cameron, the technical  aspects are all top notch.  (I heard much of this was filmed in the largest  tank built, at that time, covered with a few inches of black plastic ball  bearing sized balls to create the darkness.)  <br />The basic story is good  enough.  Deepwater oil workers are the only way to do a rescue of a downed  submarine.  The navy has not been forthright, though.  They have other  plans.  This of course creates the conflict.  OK so far.<br />What really bugs  me about this movie (besides the ending, which I'll get to later) is that  it tries too hard.  It almost seems as if the aliens (there are aliens in  this movie who live under the sea) were introduced because the basic story  line wasn't enough to make a whole movie from.  From the moment the aliens  are introduced, (and by the way, the aliens are great effects - they look  really cool), they exist as a distraction.  Cameron really handles their  participation in the plot poorly.  They only serve as to represent  morality, offer the special effects portion of the film, and confirm who  are the good guys (as if we couldn't figure that out on our own).  The  storyline becomes increasingly unbelievable, unreasonable and unlikeable.   (Which is too bad, because it starts out well.)  This leads to . . .<br />The  ending may be the worst ending ever in a movie ever.  Ever!   (Unless they  make the ending of the upcoming Hannibal the same as the book.)  From the  build up of tension, which is fairly believable, the ending is just such a  letdown.  Completely not believable on several levels.  It would be unfair  to spoil the plot for those of you who might actually enjoy it, but look  for the line, &quot;They must have done something to us!&quot;  This is  truly awful.  Awful!<br />This is not a bad movie, just not a terribly  successful movie.  There are much better Cameron movies out there (some  mentioned above), and much better DVDs for your hard earned money.
630428540X|5.0|Until this Movie, I did not like John Travolta.  This movie is top notch, it's a &quot;girl&quot; movie in general, however I would recommend it to anyone. John will never top this movie - a powerful performance !
3895084581|5.0|Brimming with danger, suspense, excitement, and adventure, Treasure Island relates the story (in first-person) of Jim Hawkins as he journeys with his good friends, the doctor and squire, in search of buried treasure. He  overhears the crew's plans of mutiny, headed by the polite, one-legged  &quot;gentleman,&quot; Long John Silver, and is plunged into a world of  treachery. The characterization is beautiful: the doctor, shrewd and kind;  the squire, fiery and outspoken; Jim Hawkins, quick and intelligent; the  crew, sly and devious; and Long John Silver, so unsuspectingly polite, so  wickedly sly... A must-read! (BTW, I am 13-years-old.)
0804106304|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and I wish it wouldn't of ended. The recalling of the past and the presentation of facts where put together in an elligant way.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is amazing in that the story, being so complex, is told in a way that makes you understand it. It takes a great movie to explain a story this deep. I was very surprised with Keanu Reeves' acting ability, it was much better than any previous movie he had starred in. This movie is a  great sci-fi/action movie, and the only sci-fi movie I've seen that could  possibly be one of the best movies I've seen!  Get it today!
B000002HAJ|5.0|While I like their early stuff, &quot;Wish&quot; is the best, most coherent album for The Cure, blending heavy layers of guitars with catchy songs. Some people say that it's too chipper. They haven't listened to it,  or didn't get past &quot;Friday, I'm In Love&quot; (which even Robert  admitted is a rather mindless pop song) and into meloncholy like the title  track or &quot;From The Edge of the Deep Green Sea.&quot; I'm hopeful for  the new album, but &quot;Wish&quot; sets a very high watermark.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica done in a truly awesome way.  Mixing a classical overtone into rock is truly something all bands must do.  I look forward to more just trying this idea.
0451450523|4.0|I think that what sets The Last Unicorn apart from other fantsy works is Haggard's  reason for catching unicorns.  If, say, Tolkien had written it the King would have  been collecting them to use thier magic to conquer the  world.  Beagle gives Haggard  a very simple motivation that fits in  beautifully with the story.
B0000009OP|5.0|In my opinion, this is my favorite of the five Morphine albums, with perhaps their best overall song writing and best recording engineering.  Powerful and rockin', yet dark and brooding, and at times even  introspective, this is a seminal album and a huge influence on my band. I  wish more bands sounded as unique as Morphine and they will be sorely  missed. If you dig Cure for Pain, check out Albuquerque's Venus Diablo,  which has 2 discs on Amazon.com, and similar bass, sax, and baritone  qualities.  I'm eagerly awaiting the new Morphine album in February 2000.
0446347949|5.0|Positioning is a concept that has been coined by Ries and Trout in the late 1970s. Today (2000), Positioning has become one of the most commonly used marketing terms.<br />Like all other books by Trout and Ries,  &quot;Positioning&quot; is straight-forward, common-sensical and easy to  read. The book is full of real market example of positioning attempts that  succeeded and failed.<br />This book belongs on the bookshelves of marketers  just as much as the laws of trigonometry belong on the shelves of  mathematicians
B00000F5KH|5.0|A well-made film reflecting aspects of life in Brazil that are generally not well known outside of the country.  English subtitles (as with most films) are not always accurate translations of the original Portuguese but  are fairly good nonetheless.
B000002C1Z|5.0|One word, &quot;Dogs&quot;, or originally titled &quot;You've Gotta be Crazy.&quot;  That is Floyd at their best, Waters lyrics and harmony are at theiir best, Gilmours guitar solos are so powerful that they convey just as  much feeling as Waters lyrics, just writing about this makes me wanna hear  it.  When this album came out it was really controversial, just as The Wall  was, and thats what a lot of the lyrics in Sheep are about, another awesome  song! Buy it, its worth it
6301963717|5.0|Directing, acting and script are unsurpassable. This is the best work ever made by the Coen Brothers. All the actors give the perfomances of their careers (specially Byrne and Turturro). Dialogues are fascinating.  Mesmerising. Only Tarantino can match them. This movie is about friendship  and loyalty; about love and integrity; about greed and deception. As one  character says, its about ethics. The key is Byrne, his moral ambiguity,  and the choices he has to take in the course of the action: the way they  are presented (and not explained) make this movie a masterwork, a true  classic.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I saw that movie like 1 million times and every time was better then the one before. I loved the movie it  made alot of sense. and i think that the person who wrote the script is a genius he made the movie i have been  waiting for my whole life.
6300216268|5.0|I first saw &quot;Harold and Maude&quot; about a year ago. And I immediately rewound the video and watched it again and again. I own it now and every now and then I just need to see it. I feel the same way about  &quot;Ordinary People.&quot; &quot;Harold and Maude&quot; always finds a  way to give me whatever I'm missing at the time. And after I see it, I  always feel better.
0441172717|5.0|What a powerfull imagination does Frak Herbert had.  He takes us to the far future or humankind, to unknown landscapes an cultures product of the evolution of our own culture.  Is amazing how he integrates the economic,  political, cultural, filosophical and mental aspects.  It is beautiful the  way he takes us into this future, to understand a lot of things of our  reallity as humans.  Pay close attention to the litany against fear of the  Bene Gesserit.<br />The sequels are great, all of them, specially books 3, 5  and 6.  I find it incredible the way he developed a story for a period of  time that long.  If you like not just SF but good reading, take this entire  series and enjoy it.
078062565X|5.0|One of the greatest adventure films ever made, KING KONG has been one of a handful of films that have become an enduring icon of American popular culture and justly praised as a true motion picture classic; the film's lasting popularity is staggering! Since it's release in 1933, this film has become totally assimilated into American popular culture; it's become an American institution and is a very real figure to children and adults alike throughout the world. Max Steiner's score was actually one of the very first written entirely for any film and the trick photography during the making is legion, Kong, for instance, was all of eighteen inches. In 1976, 20 MILLION dollars was spent on an absolutely ludicrous version! An outstanding achievement in motion picture history, the Special Edition is clear and expertly colorized so get it and see for yourself!
630512065X|5.0|Cats is the best musical EVER!  Now that I own the video of Cats I watch nearly every day!  I know all of the dances {really} from the video.  My favourite cats are : Jo Gibb, Rosemarie,Aeva, John ,Phyllida {she has the  same name as me! } Veerle, Drew and Jacob. All the actors in the video  are terrific dancers and singers. I love them all!  I spend ages  reviewing the Cats websites on the net. It is my ambition to be in Cats  some day.  My next door neighbour Rachael loves Cats      {but not as much  as me! }She is sitting beside  me as I write this.  We love Cats SO  MUCH!    It has inspirered us so much.
0064407667|5.0|I'm in 5th grade and I thought the book is great. It felt like I was in the book and I was Baudelaire child. I  read the book in one whole day because I couldn't stop. The next day I read the sequel. I recommend this book to all.
B00000K19E|5.0|The best DVD in my collection (of about 80 or so). I could watch this over and over again.  Brilliant choreography, excellent score and most of all an awesome cast!  If you own a DVD player, you must purchase  this DVD!
0425129608|5.0|This is a really good book. I have read many of CHristie's works and I think this is one of her best. I never guessed who the murderer was, and I was very surprised!
0684872153|5.0|I must have read chapter one 10 times before getting into this book.  But, it kept drawing me back.  The writing in this book is excellent.  I feel like I am running along the streets of Limerick with Frank McCourt.  I do  agree with the reviewer that said that it is never really made known how he  feels about his parents, especially his dad, and the end happens way too  fast.  He ages 3 years in a paragraph, a little unsatisfying, but only  takes away a little from the book.  I've sent my husband to the store to  price Tis.
1558908382|5.0|I LOVE this movie! This is by far one of the wittiest, funniest, smartest movies John and Joan Cusack have done. I laugh every time I watch it. I think most people can identify with the situations the film proposes. One  of the best attributes of this film is that it offers us the chance to  laugh at ourselves, (hello High School Reunions!). Despite the bad rap of  violence in general these days, this movie contains comedic violence at its  finest. As a fairly conservative female, I get to live vicariously through  these dysfunctional characters and I love it! If you haven't seen it, DON'T  DELAY, get it today!
6305627401|3.0|Much like this year's TV episodes, the movie seems to bode the winding down of the South Park phenomenom. It was good while it lasted but the ride is coming to an end. Everything the creators wanted to say has been said  and they are showing no inclination to take it to the next level (if such a  level even exists). Unlike the Simpsons which keeps finding new avenues to  travel, South Park is a one-way street. But what a street it was....<br />Mind  you, the movie has  some very funny moments plus a mildly insightful  commentary on the damage inflicted when parents neglect their duties to  nurture and guide their children all the while expecting other resources to  provide it. I do take issue with the gratuitous use of the f-word - it was  funny the first 400 times someone said it - but after a while I found  myself wishing they would just get on with the dialogue. Being from Canada,  I found the references to the 'evil Canadians' hilarious. There is a  glaring error, however, when the Canadian Air Force attacks. We don't have  anywhere near that many planes and we can only wish they were made of such  good quality paper. The 'happy' ending for Kenny was a nice  touch.<br />All-in-all, it's a good buy but I'm not sure I had to get the DVD  version. Although there is a veritable gold mine of opportunity here, the  producers opted for essentially nothing in the way of extras. Who do they  think they are, Walt Disney? (Don't get me started on that issue! )
B000000I0D|5.0|Back in 1983 at the tender age of 15 I purchased Crises as my first Vinyl Album.  At the time, I was creating a graphic adventure for the BBC Micro (aaahhh), and the first track became invaluable to me as a source of  inspiration.  <br />I remember having to leave the UK for a school trip to  Switzerland and as soon as I arrived back I re-discovered two amazing  things; a decent cup of tea and this album.<br />Over the years it has  remained my all time favourite album and I never get bored with it.  <br />The  first track sounds to me like someone reflecting on a previous turbulent  experience &quot; perhaps as the Watcher in the Tower?&quot; and it takes  you through several moods and tempos.  when things really get cracking with  the synths stabbing and guitar bass pounding, it really is quite  exhilarating.  In between the more up-tempo sections there are some of  Mikes most beautifully synth crafted soundscapes and if you listen  carefully there is a little tribute to Tubular Bells hidden in there!<br />The  vocal tracks are excellent although I am now thoroughly fed up with  Moonlight Shadow due to massive over exposure both on radio (initially) and  on every Oldfield compilation album since time began.<br />The best track on  side two is foreign Affair which is so dreamy I would advise not driving or  operating heavy machinery whilst indulging. In high places is also quite  superb (my first encounter with Jon (Must have been kicked low down)  Anderson.<br />My advice would be to turn lights out, headphones on, volume  up,engage in mind expansion!<br />Incidently if you enjoy this album you are  bound to enjoy Discovery also.<br />Enjoy the journey.
B000000I0D|5.0|Back in 1983 at the tender age of 15 I purchased Crises as my first Vinyl Album.  At the time, I was creating a graphic adventure for the BBC Micro (aaahhh), and the first track became invaluable to me as a source of  inspiration.  <br />I remember having to leave the UK for a school trip to  Switzerland and as soon as I arrived back I re-discovered two amazing  things; decent cup of tea and this album.<br />Over the years it has remained  my all time favourite album and I never get bored with it.  <br />The first  track sounds to me like someone reflecting on a previous turbulent  experience &quot; perhaps as the Watcher in the Tower?&quot; and it takes  you through several moods and tempos.  when things really get cracking with  the synths stabbing and guitar bass pounding, it really is quite  exhilarating.  In between the more up-tempo sections there are some of  Mikes most beautifully synth crafted soundscapes and if you listen  carefully there is a little tribute to Tubular Bells hidden in there!<br />The  vocal tracks are excellent although I am now thoroughly fed up with  Moonlight Shaddow due to massive over exposure both on radio (initially)  and on every Oldfield compilation album since time began.<br />The best track  on side two is foreign Affair which is so dreamy I would advise not driving  or operating heavy machinery whilst indulging. In high places is also quite  superb (my first encounter with Jon (Must have been kicked low down)  Anderson.<br />My advice would be to turn lights out, headphones on, volume  up, engage in mind expansion !<br />Incidently if you enjoy this album you are  bound to enjoy Discovery also.<br />Enjoy the journey.
0790738082|5.0|Not that it will surprise anyone, but this is my favorite musical.  I first saw it in high school, just before my school put on the show - I played Mrs. Paroo.  I have since played the Mayor's Wife, Eulalie  Mackecknie Shinn twice.  But the joy for me is to watch Robert Preston.   What a thrill that Hollywood recognized (after every other actor they  offered it to turned it down in favor of Preston) that the stars on  Broadway really do know how to act.  I wish that there was a version with  the Broadway cast, but that's another story.  I have worn out one video and  bought the wide-screen version. LOVE IT!
B00000J7S8|5.0|It seems that every time a jazz musician comes along and strikes a chord with many listeners, the inevitable charge of selling out attends the success. Though this may be true of some performers, it is not true of  Diana Krall or her latest album.  This album is just great jazz from  beginning to end.  I have over 300 jazz cds including the classics like  Miles' Kind of Blue.  None of them including Marsalis, Hargrove, Miles,  Corea, Bill Evans, Shirly Horn, Diana Reeves, or Nicholas Payton has  maintained the full-time position in my CD player as has Diana Krall.  I  think the reason that Diana has sold a lot of Jazz albums is because she  understands that Jazz is much bigger than herself or her piano chops.  I  think many jazz fans have grown weary of the new lions of jazz whose  primary focus is to impress us with their blazing speed or technique.   Finally, we have a jazz vocalist who understands the nature of music and  how it can touch our souls. She shares her talent for our edification, not  her self aggrandizement - as does Ben Wolf and Russel Malone... and we love  it.  Superb album.  Absolutely fabulous trio. Get this CD and enjoy - I  believe that Diana Krall will be listed near the top of the great musicians  of this century. Yes, over the great Shirly Horn and Billie Holiday.   Before you scoff, listen to her latest album and judge for yourself.
0380730405|4.0|Reading Gone With the Wind really spoiled me for other books--I've only found two since then that I really loved, and Rebecca was one of them.  (The other was the Thorn Birds by Colleen McCullough)  This book starts out  a little slow and dry, but trust me, you won't want to put it down about  halfway thru.  I love books written long ago when things were left to the  imagination, as Du Maurier does.  Her characters are excellent and the way  she writes a scene is perfect.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars  is because I didn't like the ending, but I didn't like the GWTW ending,  either. Perhaps I was just disappointed that it had to end...
0792839676|5.0|Sometimes slow-moving, often with questionable cinematic techniques, Carrie still manages to stand tall as the yardstick by which all Stephen King adaptations are measured thanks to the combination of King's  unforgettable lead character and Sissy Spacek's classic performance as that  character.<br />Brian De Palma has always been quite daring with his  techniques, resulting in moments of great exhilaration when he succeeds,  but more often show-offy distraction when he fails.  In Carrie we see both  at work.  The split-screen he uses for the climactic scene of Carrie's  blind wrath merely serves to kill much of the tension and cause to no end  of confusion; though I applaud the attempt, ordinary parallel editing would  have been much more real-time and frightening.  (One may notice that for  the key shots, De Palma has to revert back to a single-image frame)  On the  other hand, the four cuts he does when Carrie and &quot;Chris&quot; come  face to face are brilliant, like a staggered zoom, but with ten times the  visceral effect.<br />All technical scrutiny aside, this is a performer-based  movie, and Spacek is damn near inscrutable in this role.  The humliiations  of being an outcast in a high-school world, the connection she has with Ms.  Collins, the sheer joy of relating to Tommy Ross at the prom, the blind  wrath and avenging-angel trance during the telekinetic sequences, and the  raw pain when her own mother turns on her -- Spacek nails every moment,  resulting in probably the single most cathartic and sympathetic horror-film  protagonist and lead performance I can remember.  So even as I am dismayed  at the parts when the narrative lags behind, when De Palma beats his  &quot;suspense sequences&quot; to death (the pig's blood over her  head...the suspense would have been perfectly intact with about half a  minute cut out of that sequence), I forgive the film.  After all, as the  title suggests, the film *is* its lead character, and this lead character  is blessed with a stellar performance.
B000002GJS|5.0|I am a 13 year old true Bryan Adams fan. I can remember being around 5 and my mom made me listen to all these soft rock/adult contemporary stations. Well, one song was getting so much airplay it wasn't funny. I finally found  out it was &quot;(Everything I Do) I Do It For You,&quot; by a man named  Bryan Adams. My aunt bought me the CD single and then one day after school,  I came home and lying on my bed was my dream...a cassette of Waking Up The  Neighbours. I was in love with every song on there and eventually I became  a Bryan Adams fanatic. <br />Even today when I pull out my CD (I had to buy  one when I wore out my cassette) I love the lyrics of &quot;Everything I  Do,&quot; &quot;Do I Have To Say The Words?&quot; and &quot;Thought I'd  Died and Gone to Heaven,&quot; and then the fun of &quot;Is Your Mama Gonna  Miss Ya?&quot; and &quot;Hey Honey I'm Packing You In,&quot; is  unmatchable.<br />This CD is classic Bryan Adams, though I'd also reccomend So  Far So Good which compiles the best songs from this album and his other  stuff...and remember that his Unplugged album is wonderful too.<br />Long live  the world's greatest Canadian rocker.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks is a spectacular piece of work. Filmed in B&amp;W due to budget limitations, this helps the movie to conjur up an depressive atmosphere for the movies main participants Dante (O'Hallaran) and Randall (Anderson).  There is a wealth of memorable dialogue in this movie, at times  extraordinarily clever, at others using sex gags to immerse the viewer in  the world of the Quickstop Convenience store and a good balance is struck  throughout.  The DVD has some fine additions aswell, including deleted  scenes and the alternate ending.  A bonus is the commentary given by Smith  and some crew members that can be added over the move - at times it moves a  bit too slow and can be a bit monotonous but it's in there and some nice  information can be gained from taking the time to watch it.
B000002A3T|5.0|the division bell is clearly the best work by pink floyd ever.....  david gilmore's music is far more beautiful and powerful than classic floyd.....  coming back to life is a beautiful song....and gilmore always has powerful  lyrics to go with a powerful melody......he is the best rocker  ever......period......  lost for words is another great song.....  one  thing about gilmore's music is that they songs always end with a very  melodic and melancholy solo.....  then the last track high hopes.....is the  best song ever written.....the slide guitar is unreal ..  and the most  beautiful and powerful piece of music ever written....  the way gilmore  ties his songs together as if they are all one long continuous song is what  makes him so distinct....pink floyd is undeniably the best rock band  ever.....  by far....  and gilmore the superior musician of all  time......his voice has more power than 20 other rock vocalists' voices put  together....  gilmore rules......  this CD is priceless.......amazon is  ripping off themselves.....i would pay $1000.00 if i couldnt get it  otherwise
630528069X|5.0|One of the finest Action features ever made comes across very well on DVD.  The Dolby surround on the CD I found to be excellent and enhanced the movie no end, and the DVD has some good extras too - the featurette was a  good addition.
0440234743|4.0|Waited to buy the paperback after hearing bits and pieces of the hardcover version on Radio Reader.  I agree with the reviewer on 12/13/99 who called it an &quot;Exquisite Little Parable&quot;.  Grisham is not as profound as  Graham Greene, but he's more entertaining.
630439845X|3.0|I felt this movie was a very good movie, if you like literary type pictures. I'm not sure which customers may have recommended this movie after seeing &quot;Once Were Warriors&quot;, but this movie is nothing like  it. Warriors, a modern day portrait of the Maori, was by far one of the bst  films that I've ever had the pleasure to watch. The Piano is much more for  the ladies than it is men. Would I watch it again, no, there is nothing  there to keep one's attention, very boring.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This cd is an excellent compilation of songs which originated from the heart of creativity. It isn't hardcore techno, as it may seem at first glance, but more of a techno/alternative mix. Don't let this fool you  though, this cd covers new ground which would leave even some of the  biggest pop and rock fans screaming for more. This is defenetly an album  that any music lover should add to their collection, if not for the sheer  briliance, then for the incredibly flowing and well put-together tracks. My  personal favorites on this cd are: Find my baby, Porcelain, and Natural  Blues.
6305627347|5.0|At a time when the popular media was being blamed for every social ill short of bad breath, Parker and Stone let Eric Cartman and the South Gang remind us that there are worse things than a few dirty words. A hilarious  and courageous movie statement in support of free speech. It's pure satire  which means a lot of people won't &quot;get it.&quot; But if you understand  and support our First Amendment rights, chances are that you will applaud  this marvelous film.
B000023VR6|5.0|I've listened to the original a million times, this one is just like the first, with new tracks. People complain about how many guests are on the cd, but look at the Chronic and you will see there were just as many  guests. SNoop dogg isn't on as many of the tracks, which is too bad, but he  is a big star now, and he wasn't back then when he did the original  chronic. All the tracks on this cd are good. Also there is only one skit   track. More for your money.
B000002J1B|5.0|This is Yes at their most innovative, complex, intense, and structured. Very few albums in any genre of music can match the demands that &quot;Relayer&quot; requires of the listener. This is more or less the only  Yes album that focuses on that mysterious blend of rock and jazz music,  otherwise known as fusion. In the wrong hands, fusion (and progressive rock  in general), can be an excrutiating embarrassment. Just check out any  Emerson, Lake and Palmer album for an example. But in the hands of skilled,  competant musicians such as Yes, fusion can lift previous musical  expectations to new heights. The opening instrumental spiral of &quot;The  Gates of Delirium&quot; , with Pat Morez's moog synth and  unearthly  ensemble of keyboards, sets the tune for a piece of music that DEMANDS more  than one listen. &quot;Delirium&quot; has the band changing keys a  gazillion times, the rythmic textures never stay still, and those Chris  Squire basslines are so swift that they practically split the piece in two.  &quot;Sound Chaser&quot;, just try to tap your feet to this one! Steve  Howe's guitar scales here are so complex that only a classically trained  guitarist could pull them off (I'm a guitarist myself, NOT classically  trained. Heck I don't even read music, so trying to play something from  Steve Howe is way out of reach). &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; also has a drum  pattern from Alan White that is incredibly manic, but keep in mind,  confusion is the whole idea here. It just encourages the listener to  consentrate on what their hearing. Finally we come to &quot;To Be  Over&quot;, a nine minute opus with the first half being a soothing  near-chant complementing atmospheric harpischord work from Morez, and the  second half a shakey, thunderstorm of a song containing ethernal vox from  Jon Anderson. Again, key changes aplenty here. Make no mistake,  &quot;Relayer&quot; is one of Yes' finest moments, and is an album meant to  be experienced, not heard.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Don't listen to these losers who call this album terrible and unmusical. All of the songs are awesome in their own way, and are a nice break from regular hardcore punkish trash. I also recommend Smash and Ixnay on the  Hombre. Final note, GET THIS CD!
630133454X|5.0|This film is sexy, moving and enthralling. The acting blew me away especially of the two main characters Close and Malkovich. John Malkovich as Valmont was an excellent choice, and you can really see why women fell  for him as they did,so charming and knee shakingly gorgeous, not to mention  that voice.  The ending was perfect so moving, a perfect film.
B00000IQW0|3.0|I really loved this as a kid but now that I am a little older more thought and sofistication could have been put into this.  I believe that the story line is sound but several shortfalls in the script should have been caught.   12 Planets, 12 Battlestars, millions of people per planet.  Does not add  up.  Should have had move Battlestars. Galactica comes under fire and waits  a good deal of time to put up its shield but the Atlantia never does. The  trap could have been handled much better with a couple of the Battlestars  being destroyed protecting the planets and not at the peace accords. The  acting was weak in several places. I believe a remake is in order with  todays technology or at least a return to take back the Colonies, not in  one movie of course. Maybe even a new TV Series. I was also disappointed  that the DVD did not offer spanish in the dubbed/subtitled section.   Millions of hispanics live in the U.S.A.  Please add spanish to future  releases!   I really love the viper and the Battlestar.  In general it is a  movie worth seeing and having as part of any Sci-Fi collection.
B000002KHH|4.0|''Paranoid'' was the album my best friend Charlie Gonzalez banged his head to in high school, while I devoured early Beatles and learned to appreciate Elton John, Yes, and Santana, even some Chicago. I used to hate the Black Sabbath stuff but I guess enough exposure to it made an impression after a  while, and I guess having your best friend explain the allure helps too. It  was raw, primitive and intense, everything that metal and punk had to be to  stand out again the emerging establishment rock of the day.
6305513406|4.0|I love re-discovering it again.  But I gave the DVD 4 stars for the lack of spanish in the dubbed/subtitled options.  A huge portion of the U.S.A. is hispanic and I being married to one would enjoy this much more if my  wife who speaks English as well as spanish could also enjoy it in spanish  which of course she understands better.  Please add more languages in the  future releases!
B0000029DD|5.0|This is an amazing album.  Jeff Buckley's death was a real tragedy, if only because we will never hear anything like this again.  Even on cover songs like Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah,&quot; Jeff Buckley brings a  freshness and new life.  No Cd collection is complete without this!
6305513414|4.0|I loved re-discovering it again.  But I gave the DVD 4 stars for the lack of Spanish in the dubbed/subtitled options.  A huge portion of the U.S.A. is hispanic and I being married to one would enjoy this much more if my  wife who speaks english as well as spanish could also enjoy it in spanish  which of course she understands better.  Please add more languages in the  future releases.
B000000W5B|1.0|Don't get me wrong.  From 1967 to 1972 there was no band that could touch the Stones. In fact, I would say that there has never been another band to put out so much amazing music in such a short period of time.  But then  there's Goat's Head Soup.  I don't know if it was the drugs, or what, but  this album is horrible. Everything sounds forced. Painful
0441346642|4.0|I am a reader of many fantasy books, and Diana Wynne Jones is one of my favorites because of her mysterious aspect of fantasy. One of the things I found so interesting and refreshing in this lovely tale, was the strong  sense of irony I felt for the main character. All throughtout the book, she  hobbles and cackles as an old woman of 70 or so. What a brilliant and  hillarious idea! This book is definitely a fantasy classic.
B000002GF8|4.0|Let's be honest: The first six tracks are hardly palatable for people who are keen on catchy and radio-friendly songs like &quot;Every breath..&quot;. Stewart's aggressive drumming and Sting's angry cry on  &quot;Synchronicity 1+2&quot; lead them back to their punk roots.  &quot;Mother&quot;, written and performed by Andy Summers, is one of the  worst songs ever put to disc. The first half of this album is certainly  interesting, but very uneven and weird. The other songs are flawless and  &quot;Every breath..&quot; is one of my all-time favourites. The  middle-Eastern flavour of &quot;Tea in the sahara&quot; and the jazz rock  of &quot;Murder by numbers&quot; add some new colour to The Police's sound.  I consider The Police to be a hit-oriented band whose best moments are  captured on their &quot;Greatest hits&quot;-compilations.
0060920386|4.0|An excellent, well written book which you'll find difficult to put down.  Certainly a must read for business students who may not remember the events when they happened.  My only caution:  this is not a light read.  There are  a great number of characters in the book and more sub-plots than I could  casually track.  Definitely recommended reading for that next long plane  trip.
B000021XR5|4.0|After successfully dabbling on the glam side of things on 1996's [[ASIN:B000002J8M Tiny Music...Songs From The Vatican Gift Shop]], Stone Temple Pilots came roaring back with the to-the-point \\"No. 4\\" in 1999. The band wasted no time in re-establishing its rock-god presence with the gritty single \\"Down,\\" which begins \\"No. 4\\" with a thunder-heavy riff and Scott Weiland's pained moaning. \\"Down\\" is a bit pedestrian compared to much of STPs' work, but it seemed to do the trick for many fans. \\"No. 4's\\" first three tunes, in fact, might lead listeners to believe that thick riffs, aggressive vocals and Dean Deleo's punchy guitar solos would be the order of the day throughout...but that's not the case at all. In fact, STPs' fourth record, despite a plain look on the outside, is actually notable for its diversity of sound and melodic flair.<br /><br />Whether it's with Velvet Revolver or STP, Weiland has a penchant for slowing down gusty hard rock tunes to a psychedelic swirl where he can croon longingly about something personal, as is the case on \\"Pruno,\\" where he sings sadly, \\"I got the message but I lost the race.\\" Given his melodic tendencies mixed with sometimes dark or profane lyrics, the old-fashioned pop sound heard on \\"Church on Tuesday,\\" coupled with humorous lyrics about a wayward family, should come as no surprise. \\"Sour Girl,\\" a substantial hit for the band, is equally hooky and full of sugary vocals that make not singing along impossible. This stuff is a long way from \\"Sex Type Thing\\" or even \\"Plush\\" from the album [[ASIN:B000002IU3 Core]], but then, STP has always been more than happy to evolve its sound.<br /><br />To be sure, edgy, angry rockers like \\"No Way Out,\\" \\"Sex & Violence\\" and \\"MC5\\" still showcase a band capable of thrashing about on its instruments with the best of them. But I suspect Weiland and company enjoy themselves more writing fuzzed-out gems like the mid-tempo \\"Glide\\" (a \\"Plush\\"-like tune for the late-1990s) or the sublime \\"I Got You,\\" which features blatant drug references from Weiland that belie the song's gentle country-western sound. On the beautiful \\"Atlanta,\\" the singer does a dead-on Jim Morrison impression, transforming himself yet again and perplexing his detractors once and for all. Weiland, in my opinion, is one of the best vocal talents and performers around, and the affect he has on the musicians he works with is astounding. Sure, the Deleo brothers (guitar and bass) and Eric Kretz (drums) are talented guys, but Weiland takes them all to another level.<br /><br />There's a workmanlike vibe from Stone Temple Pilots on \\"No. 4,\\" and if you give these songs a chance, they will definitely grow on you. The year 1999 may not have been STPs' happiest time as a band -- in fact, from what I've heard, the guys really struggled to crank out work in the studio -- but it sure was a creative period for Scott, Dean, Robert and Eric.nt drug references from Weiland that belie the song's gentle country-western sound. On the beautiful \\"Atlanta,\\" the singer does a dead-on Jim Morrison impression, transforming himself yet again and perplexing his detractors once and for all. Weiland, in my opinion, is one of the best vocal talents and performers around, and the affect he has on the musicians he works with is astounding. Sure, the Deleo brothers (guitar and bass) and Eric Kretz (drums) are talented guys, but Weiland takes them all to another level.       There's a workmanlike vibe from Stone Temple Pilots on \\"No. 4,\\" and if you give these songs a chance, they will definitely grow on you. The year 1999 may not have been STPs' happiest time as a band -- in fact, from what I've heard, the guys really struggled to crank out work in the studio -- but it sure was a creative period for Scott, Dean, Robert and Eric.
0380715430|4.0|Pity Mr Winchester's (bestselling - yeeks!)  convoluted tale about the development of England's  no 1 dictionary and associated madmen did not exude with the fun and fascination of this book. Thank you Bill! We forgive  the odd factual error from you but not pretence from that other fellow!
1568493541|5.0|How dare you give this masterpiece only 2 stars AND also claim that you've never read the novel?  The ignorance in this world astonishes me.
B000002UAU|5.0|First, I am a huge Beatles' fan. If I were to name my all-time favorite bands, the Beatles are on top. That would explain the mixed feelings I have with reviewing any or all of their CDS. For where the music gets five stars  (save for the Yellow Submarine album) the sound quality only gets a  marginal three stars at best!<br />Thus, I rate this based on the original  vinyl, not the atrocious CD released in 1987. <br />One of the reviewers raved  about the mono mix. Yes! By all means give us the mono mix! It has elements  not on the stereo: Fixing A Hole has the complete fade-out, Sgt. Pepper  (reprise) has a Paul vocal overdub, She's Leaving Home is at a faster speed  (taking the soap opera heaviness out of it).<br />What makes this so  frustrating is the fac that the mono remaster was in the works for the 30th  anniversary, complete with Parlophone picture disc, gatefold cardboard  jacket, Sgt. Pepper cutout sheet, psychedelic album jacket. Then true to  EMI, their record of dissapointing Beatles' fans continued: the project was  scuttled!<br />Though the CD has the inner groove sound effects restored, and  a booklet chock full of photos, sessionagraphy, and liner notes, the sound  of this CD is simply awful. George Harrison himself complained with the mix  of the horns in the title track upon its release.<br />The Beatles have one of  the finest catalogs in Rock, they also have one of the worst sounding  catalogs in Rock! <br />George Martin felt that fans should hear the mono mix.  EMI take note! Do the Beatles right! Listen to the fans and remaster the  catalog!
0385484518|5.0|This book reveals how the young and the old are one in the same on the level of soul. The relationship created between Morrie and Mitch became far more than one personality meeting another. The invisible bonds that brought  their relationship together will forever link them.      The message of  this book shares universal truths that unite us all. Anyone who reads this  book will find simple wisdom contained within each page. The many reviews  on this web page is a reminder just how deep and expansive our  relationships can travel. Morrie will be far more than a memory, he will be  a living presence to all who knew him.       Truly, our capacity to love  and be loved is a testimony to just how spiritual this book really is.   Samuel Oliver, author of, WHAT THE DYING TEACH US: LESSONS ON LIVING.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is currently my favorite album (like you care, but...) and for the price it runs, an incredible bargain.  Your only problem will be that you will want to pick up a bunch of more Moby and will pay for it...<br />Great  stuff for listening to when cranking out some code as well as just hangin  at home reading.  If you're not sure about this whole style of music, worry  not.  Moby is a very talented musician and his own style shines in this new  album.<br />If only I could get my family to listen to music more like this  instead of Ricky Martin...<br />Gimme more!
6305531374|1.0|the worst movieI have ever seen ,I really would not recommend this movie to anyone even if they only had half a brain cell. its not scary more of a comedy gone wrong,                  DANGER                KEEP CLEAR!
0792139771|5.0|I don't have much to say, except that it is a phenomenal movie.  This film could've turned sour with its length, but was turned into almost a masterpiece.<br />Even though innacuracies regarding Robert the Bruce are  present, it was great.
6304539258|5.0|This is the movie that started it all. The most groundbreaking sci-fi that is truely a landmark of it's time. This is the epic story of good and evil with plenty of special effects and action. Although not the best fim in the  series, it is the mother of them all. Director and creator, George Lukas  does a splended job of telling the story of young, soon to be jed-knight  Luke Skywalker.Truely remarkable! A classic that must be seen to believe!
0062502174|4.0|I liked story but it is stolen from Mevlana. Mevlana had lived in Anatolia, Konya in 13th century. His way was going to love and had written books to teach to art of living. His book had consist of 14 volumes. There  is so many stories in it. This one is one of them. Just boy is living in  Konya instead of Spain. the other parts are almost same.<br />I wanted to say,  since it is unfair
B000002N2P|5.0|this cd is way better than &quot;dookie&quot; this cd is what got me into GREEN DAY in the first place  if you bad mouth &quot;INSOMNIAC&quot; you have no soul. I ALSO HAVE TO MAKE A POINT GREEN DAY'S FIRST ALBUM IS  &quot;39/SMOOTH&quot; NO LIE
0967650046|4.0|Dr. Logan gives a visual interpretation of a goal that few get to carry out. Dr. Logan, in his video presentation, shows just what it takes to strive for your dream.
0671578278|3.0|This latest journey through the byzantine politics and mores of the developing planet Barrayar is liberally spiked with Bujold zingers and other jokes and is good for more than a few laughs.  It is also an  important entry in the continuing saga of Miles Vorkosigan.  Its dominant  theme is &quot;bumbling men chase superfantastic women.&quot;  That is  carried to unnecessary extremes and enters the realm of male-bashing.
0805062971|1.0|This book and movie are ludicrous.  Chuck P. sufferfrom the same disease that hacks like Bret Easton Ellis and his ilk suffer from.  He glorifies what he purports to condem.   In this case, male violence.  The scary thing  is that this book and movie are reaching the ignorant, who see only this  glorification and miss the terror that lies at the heart of this awful  book.  Further, the book masquerades as a rebellion against our capitalist  and money-drive society, but what did the author do but allow this to be  made into a high budget movie, that exists only as a result of the ideas  that the book is rebelling against.  If you want to see a real literary  account of the violent side of man's nature read the masterpiece _Blood  Meridian_ by Cormac McCarthy.  This is slick trash hipped up for an  ignorant reading audience.
0800136586|5.0|I love this version of Annie, and I have seen the broadway version many times with local acting groups.  Granted there are some songs missing and that was not good but some of the new songs are great such as  &quot;Sign&quot; I have seen this movie tons of times and I still love it.   I like the new Disney version of Annie but felt that it lacked something.   I guess my impression of Annie has always been based more in this movie and  I just couldn't get into the other one.  I just love Annie but I don't  think that some of these other reviews do justice to this movie.  I guess  everyone just needs to see it for themselves.  I own both versions and  watch both of them but I have to say I enjoy this version more.
B000002NAK|5.0|I am/was in the play Evita for our Community and I have to say, this is the best music ever!I listen to this CD 24-7!  I love the movie and I think that everyone who is interested in musicials or if you like them go out and  buy this CD it's the best ever! I have all of the different copies of the  Evita soundtrack including the Broadway version but this tops them all!
B00001ODHF|5.0|This is definetely one of the best horror films ever made. I do own a copy of this movie and there is a reason why. The film is very creative and scares the audience and at the same time, makes them laugh. The film has  wonderfuly witty punch-lines ( if you have seen it, you know what I'm  talking about). The speacial effects, I hate to say, are not very good but  are far better than the ones in the first two films of the Evil Dead  series. Besides, who really cares about the special effects? All in all,  the film is brilliant and should be better recocnized than it is. A  definant classic!
B00000DMJF|5.0|I think that this album is a great album.  You can listen to anything you want to not just the music of today.  If you like it than listen to it.  Its that easy.  This album goes to show their wide range of music  capabilities from Bungalow Bill to Rocky Racoon to While My Guitar Gently  Weeps.  It also shows that music stays great forever if you write it good  enough.  I would have to agree that Happiness is a Warm Gun is the best  song on the album.  The song itself has a wide range of sound.  If you  think that just because it is old or the Beatles that it sucks than your  wrong.  Its what you like.
6301562143|5.0|Tim Burton has done it again. This time, he takes the classic comic book hero and brings him to life. Jack Nicholson is absolutely brilliant as the Joker and Keaton captures the charecters of Bruce Wayne and Batman. The  effects are amazing and the writing is blilliant. What I loved was that it  was nothing like the old T.V. show which was corny and stupid unlike this  one which was more realistic. I definetely recomend this film to evryone.  An instant classic!
B000002U82|5.0|This album is a great album that says that life is not all about money and time.  Its about having fun with it.  It is also like one continuing song.  It doesnt stop between each song which makes it better.  The sounds that  they put between songs are great.  The sounds that they put in songs like  Money(cash registers and coins) that follow a beat and sound right in the  songs are great.  They use sounds that nobody else would think to use and  use them very well.  It might be drug influenced album but who cares (many  albums by many bands are that way)it sounds great and thats what counts.
6303014100|5.0|Want to know what the Civil War was really like? Well, apart from seeing a reenactment at your local battlefield, I highly recommend this movie. It brings home the true emotion behind all the famous soldiers, from Lee to  Chamberlain to Hancock...every one of them. All the actors portrayed their  characters in a way that makes you sympathetic to all the men...not just  for what they are fighting for, but for the emotional turmoil this war puts  them through. The battle scenes are well done as well...showing the raw  carnage of the battles of back then. Truly an amazing film.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is one of the greates written albums that I have ever heard.  The drums of Danny Carey, the bass of Justin Chancellor, guitars of Adam Jones, and vocals of Maynard James Keenan fit together perfectly in every  song.  No song sounds anything like the others.  I definately recommend  this album for anyone.  Even to people who dont like heavier type music.   All the songs are great so I really cant tell you what my favorite one is.   Just listen to all of them and you will understand what I mean.
630349255X|5.0|Yes, you can not get the full impact if you didn't see it in the theatre, but it is still worth owning.  Show it to your classroom, friends, get the word out: this video is a significant, optimistic, crucial view of  civilization, mankind and humanity.
B000020617|5.0|This is definitely their best CD!  The tunes are catchy so I end up singing them all day, and they make me wanna get up and dance!  Still enough rock so that it doesn't verge into the &quot;pop&quot; category with  Britney Spears and other people I despise... More melodic and sweet than  previous albums.  Faves: Breakout, Next Year, Gimme Stitches, Learn To Fly
B00000DRA9|5.0|This soundtrack brings the movie back to you, you can see Fantasia again when the music starts coming out of the speakers.  You can imagine flying through the clouds or feeling the &quot;nothing&quot; when the appropriate  tracks play.  They scored this extremely well keeping most of the music  from the movie in the tracks and did an extremely well job recreating the  music from the movie.  If you liked the movie then you'll really appreciate  and want this soundtrack.
B00000273M|5.0|I agree with the poster from Kansas.  Most of the Bangles' greatest hits are among my least favorite songs.  Still, you get a pretty decent sampler selection on this CD.
B00001ODHL|4.0|Army of Darkness is an extremely rare movie in one regard: it's a silly movie that knows it's silly; it has all the gloriously pathetic one-liners that can be asked for, wonderful acting and physical comedy on Bruce Campbell's part, and battle scenes that are both fabulous and cheesy  looking at the same time.  I am, though, rather dismayed with the  &quot;R&quot; rating this movie received - it's just too silly to be seen  as offensive.  But, I'll leave my critique of the movie rating system for  another time (heh, heh)....   The Limited Edition is worth every penny.   The commentary by Campbell and the Raimi brothers is side-splittingly funny as well as informative.  The &quot;making of feature&quot; is also interesting, as are the story boards, trailer, deleted scenes and creature drawings (its obvious that everyone had a lot of fun making this DVD).  Its also interesting having the two versions of the film, but it left me wishing that there was a third cut.  The battle scenes in the Director's Cut were much better and - as pointed out in the commentary - make much more sense.  Overall, the directors cut should have been used as a base, with the theatrical version's vastly superior one-liners and ending and prudent lack of a sex scene (Raimi pointed out, and I agree, that the sex-scene was completely inappropriate - it just makes the movie WAY too serious.  Ash and Sheela's relationship really was much better left at &quot;Gimme some sugar, baby.&quot;) Overall, an extremely fun movie that stays funny with multiple viewings.
B000002UB3|5.0|For years I accepted on faith that the best album ever made was Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.  While that album remains a stunning example of the summer of love, the true trinity of the Beatles oeuvre are  Rubber Soul, Revolver and Abbey Road--with the nod going to Abbey Road as  the Beatles final studio album.<br /><br />There is not a false note on this album.  It kicks off with a powerful vocal from John Lennon on \\"Come  Together,\\" which is balanced by the tenderness of  \\"Something,\\" one of George Harrison's best songs (and only  Beatles A-side single contribution). With \\"Because\\" Lennon wrote  one of the loveliest melodies of his career.  Even the silliness of  McCartney's \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" and Ringo Starr's  child-like \\"Octopus's Garden\\" exude charm and warmth from a band  that was on the verge of fragmenting forever and taking some of the  innocence of the sixties with them.<br /><br />And then there's the side-2 suite  (tracks 9-16)which still makes for powerful listening thirty years later.  Sir Paul McCartney summed it all up in \\"The End\\":  \\"And in  the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.\\"  And so the  curtain rang down on the best rock 'n' roll band in our lifetime.  ESSENTIAL<br /><br />Here's a brief update of the 2009 remastered release of ABBEY ROAD:<br /><br />THE SONGS:  There are no new songs or demos included on this rerelease. It contains only the original tracks from the 1969 release.<br /><br />THE REMASTERING:  This CD has been remastered from the original stereo analogue master tapes. Since this is one of the few Beatles albums to be recorded in stereo (YELLOW SUBMARINE and LET IT BE are the only other two), there is no mono version. The muffled, sometimes muddy sound of the 1987 CD issue has been replaced with a crisp, clean sound that creates an entirely new listening experience.<br /><br />THE BOOKLET:  There is a 16-page booklet with brief \\"Historical Notes\\" as well as \\"Recording Notes,\\" which are serviceable but not overly thorough. A full eleven of the pages are devoted to photos, including three from their final photo shoot on August 22, 1969, at John Lennon's home at Tittenhurst Park. Also, of historical note, are several proofs from the ABBEY ROAD cover shoot.<br /><br />THE MINI-DOCUMENTARY:  First of all, anyone expecting a VH1 Behind the Music-style documentary will be sadly disappointed. The video runs less than four minutes and contains very little actual video. There is some footage used from the \\"Something\\" promotional video. Otherwise it is all still photos.  [Although there is some clever computerized gimmickry used to make it appear as if the Beatles are actually walking across the pedestrian crossing in front of Abbey Road Studio.] The documentary also includes voice-over commentary from McCartney, Harrison, Starr and producer George Martin. As for the music, there is a snippet of a demo of \\"Come Together.\\" Otherwise, only samples of final take versions are heard. [Total running time - 3:46.  Note:  You will need QuickTime to view this on your computer.]<br /><br />THE CD CASE:  The cardboard CD case is not ideal for two reasons:  First of all, it's a trifold case so it will not lay flat and it will be more prone to wear.  Secondly, the CD is awkward to get out of the slipcase without touching the recorded side of the disc.<br /><br />THE VERDICT:  Ignore the naysayers. Buy this album. It's like hearing the album for the first time!e pages are devoted to photos, including three from their final photo shoot on August 22, 1969, at John Lennon's home at Tittenhurst Park. Also, of historical note, are several proofs from the ABBEY ROAD cover shoot.    THE MINI-DOCUMENTARY:  First of all, anyone expecting a VH1 Behind the Music-style documentary will be sadly disappointed. The video runs less than four minutes and contains very little actual video. There is some footage used from the \\"Something\\" promotional video. Otherwise it is all still photos.  [Although there is some clever computerized gimmickry used to make it appear as if the Beatles are actually walking across the pedestrian crossing in front of Abbey Road Studio.] The documentary also includes voice-over commentary from McCartney, Harrison, Starr and producer George Martin. As for the music, there is a snippet of a demo of \\"Come Together.\\" Otherwise, only samples of final take versions are heard. [Total running time - 3:46.  Note:  You will need QuickTime to view this on your computer.]    THE CD CASE:  The cardboard CD case is not ideal for two reasons:  First of all, it's a trifold case so it will not lay flat and it will be more prone to wear.  Secondly, the CD is awkward to get out of the slipcase without touching the recorded side of the disc.    THE VERDICT:  Ignore the naysayers. Buy this album. It's like hearing the album for the first time!
0782008364|5.0|... and not just because of the steamy sex!  a very well made thriller that deserved a wider audience than it got. everything about it is classy. plus it is a veritable textbook on shot compositions - demands multiple  viewings. get the dvd - the commentary is a hoot and you can instantly  access your fav scenes :)
068484267X|5.0|This is a remarkable book.  Funny in many ways and yet one has a constant gut wrenching feeling. McCourt's tale of a childhood in misery is often revolting.  There is never a feeling of normalcy as you sense there is yet  some other forthcoming tragedy. The cast of characters is special in  itself. Mother, father, brothers, friends, bullies, school teachers,  religious and irreverents. They are all there and not one bores you.   Through McCourt's eyes we see a careful portrait of an Irish town and its  institutions.  The church, the taverns, the poor and the less poor, the  protestants, the benefactors, the food. Yes, the food.  This is a tale of  survival, of perseverance told with grand humor.  A rare read.
B000002UCN|3.0|Believe me... I'm a George Harrison fan. I have every album... but this one. The only reason to buy this album is for the song &quot;Bangla-Desh&quot; which is only available here on CD. I give it 3  stars simply because that song is on here and it's a great tune. I read  somewhere that George himself doesn't even like this album, and tried to  stop them from putting it out. The Beatles recordings and George on one  album is something I'll never understand. He had plenty of songs back then  to make a &quot;Best Of&quot; album. This was put out to fulfill his  contract at Capitol Records. I suggest buying all the original albums.  Those I would give all 5 stars.
0780626966|5.0|I remember watching A Nightmare on Elm Street, on T.V. when I was a little kid. I got so scared, I couldn't sleep for two weeks. Frddy Krueger, that vname has stuck in my mind forever. I love what they have done with the box  set for DVD. The bonus Disc is so Bitchen. With all the extras and  interviews, it could take all night to finish it. I also like the Halloween  Movies too.And Friday the 13th. I think their should be a movie called  Freddy Krueger,Jason Vorhees,and Michael Myers, battle of the Millinuim. I  love the DVD set and Keep it Up. WHAT EVER YOU DO DON'T FALL ASLEEP! As  Quoted by Heather LangenKamp to Johnny Depp in A Nightmare on Elm street  (1984)
B000002GYG|5.0|Tom Waits has done many things over the years, but this is the disc I keep coming back to.  The hep cat jazz in the background was enough to hook me...and the lyrics kept me both thinking and laughing.  I don't care how  it was recorded, only that it was.  This is a disc that should please old  and new Waits fans.  He may have been drunk or maybe it was an act.  Either  way, it made for a great record.
6304806469|5.0|Divinely inspired musical comedy.  Like all good childrens books and movies,  it reveals more depth when experienced by adults.  The dialogue and dancing scenes are  done with the wit of classic musicals, but with  strong, melancholic undertones.  Only the  ending feels misplaced in this  movie.
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt's childhood account still has an im- pact on my life. I was raised in an affluent town near Los Angeles in the 50's and 60's; we never knew people whose children drank tea and bread for breakfast and dinner and  all slept on one bed with coats for warmth. Today, as I enjoy the fruits of  an education in an upscale neighborhood, in my memory I still recall the  humiliation and hunger Frank and his brother had to survive.
0385484518|4.0|This book was excellent.  It provided many insights on life and how one can live a fulfilling life even when faced with death.  To be at peace with your own up and coming death, is remarkable.  Not only does this book  demonstrate how to deal with dying (especially one's own death), but it  also teaches how to press on and continue giving all even when there is  little left to give.
0380789019|4.0|I have never been a reader of fantasy or science fiction and wasn't sure I would like this book.  It was like reading a fairytale.  It was really interesting and has inspired me to read more by Gaiman and other writers  like him.  Give it a try!
B000003KCU|4.0|I saw this movie when it first came out, and it has stuck with me for years.....it touched a part in my imagination. I think all kids feel a little like the boys, if you wish hard enough anything can happen. Great  effects, music, and fun!
B00000J7JO|2.0|why 3 stars off?--the vox parts aren't carefully composed, they sound like the first blabla things that came to kiedis's mind. another star off for frusciante's uninspiring solos; yet another for rubin's bad job: a producer  who, this time, could not squeeze a more exiting album out of this (still)  supreme live band--he produced it too much for soft radios, perhaps. 2  remaining stars go out to eternal flea and chado who are still kickin ass  to honour us. although there are some good songs (e.g. track 2), this album  is nothing in the shade of blood sugar sex magik. even if you're a rhcp  fan, i think there are better records by other artists out now to spend  your money on. that was me, ciao.
B000002AS3|5.0|I HAD to write SOMEthing when I saw that &quot;the average listener&quot; gave this album only 4 and a half stars...  This album is the best they've ever done...
0767819594|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Its a great film for teenagers and young adults.  I highly recommend that you take the time to sit down and watch it.  You'll be glad you did.
B000002J23|4.0|I must agree with the reviewers that preceed me ... I really like Drama very much.  I'm a dyed-in-the-wool Yes fan from the early 70s and Drama is quite a departure from the days of Rick Wakeman, Patrick Moraz, and Bill  Bruford.  However, the welcome addition of Trevor Horn and Geoffrey Downes  gave the &quot;Drama&quot; lineup a real kick and the music and lyrics are  a refreshing change from some Yes albums that came before, most notably the  awful &quot;Tormato&quot;.  As mentioned in previous reviews, the music  here is heavy and really rocks out.  The musicianship by everyone is top  shelf.  It's too bad the old guard Yes fans had such a negative reaction to  this album because there is so much good music on it (Machine Messiah, Into  the Lens, Tempus Fugit).  I highly recommend this intelligent, insightful,  challenging and well played CD.
B00001U0E1|4.0|I was not inclined to like this film prior to seeing it. Skipped it in the theaters. Perhaps I've seen Skinny Gwynny in a few too many lately, I dunno... <br />In any case, the writing here is well done, not high art, but  it is consistently amusing, as is the entire production. Judy Dench gives  yet another irresistible performance. The photography is stunning, and is  captured well on the DVD. The extras on the DVD version are welcome  also.<br />Those that think it fodder for the nouveau literate missed the  point. It's not self- conscious attempt at high art. Indeed, pretentious is  what it is not. Great fun is what it is. Those that find the casting of  Gwynny in the role wrong, the accent lame, get a grip. Sure, we can imagine  some better choices, but she does rise to the occasion. Those who fancy  Kate Blanchett or Helena Bonham Carter would have faired better, keep in  mind what some studio wanker might have done... <br />That there are people  that would find this film lewd and offensive is a given is our society. If  this is offensive, your world must be narrow and mild indeed. England dealt   rather severely with the Puritans some years back, and blessed us with  their presence here, where they have bred with singular success. Perhaps  it's time to return the favor? Now there would be the makings of a good  story for a screenplay...<br />For those whose favorite film didn't win, my  condolences. As my favorites never win, you're in good company. Anyway,  what do you expect? This is a movie about Shakespeare, the theater, and a  society that attempted to persecute theater people. The academy is made up  of theater people. Or then again, Spielberg may have contrived to  heavy-handedly push all our emotional buttons one time to often...<br />GN
0767830555|5.0|&quot;Taxi Driver&quot; is an effective, gritty work that is both a masterpiece and unforgettable. It is, I believe, the first movie that really showed the brilliance of Martin Scorsese and screenwriter Paul  Schrader. This is a dark, disturbing journey into madness, realistically  capturing the mean streets in all their realism. Travis Bickle (Robert  DeNiro), is a deep examination of a man falling deeper and deeper into the  abyss of madness. Driven even deeper by what he sees in the world around  him. Schrader's screenplay at times has the feel of a documentary, as does  Scorsese's adaptation onto film. &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; vibrates with a  realism seen in few movies. Maybe that's why it has stood the test of time  triumphantly. Seeing this movie once is not enough, because you need to see  it more than once to really get what it's saying, to truly understand it.  Scorsese's film is gritty and at times, shocking, but not dumb or bloody  just for entertainment. &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; explores through Bickle,  the nature of crazy people, really getting into the mind of a lonely man  who doesn't know much about the outside world because he seldom goes out to  explore it. The film is always interesting, Scorsese brings it to life  through the settings, camera angles and cinematography. The shoot-out at  the end is one of the most brilliant ever filmed because it seems  realistic, but not over-exagerrated, it's shocking, but we understand it.  &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; opened doors for more filmmakers who wanted to make  movies that didn't hold back, that were realistic in their representation  of the dark corners of society. It stands as a brilliant work which will be  studied and endured for years to come.
068815333X|5.0|I just finished reading the latest book in the great Kenzie/Gennaro series. This was another hit in a long line of hits for DL.  I really liked this one becuase Bubba made more of an appearance and played a bigger part  in the story.  It was also great learing a bit about Mr.Ragowski's  background. The story was well constructed and as always the characters  were great! I do have one gripe, I wish DL would write faster, I purchased  the book and it was done in two days, now I have to wait for the next  one!
B000002N2P|5.0|After their last CD it was hard to imagine them making something else that would equal it. But Green Day did it again with Insomniac. I still like listening to this CD even though it is the year 2000. This CD is one of  Green Days' heavier CDs.
0767817478|1.0|There shall be no SEQUELS!  The rights to godzilla  have gone back to Japan and the TOHO company.This was not Godzilla!The two directors butchered him.There were a thosand things they could of done to raise  Godzilla out of the pit that they put him in.Here are just a few:<br />1.Keep  the original sound track.The rap songs were out of place.<br />2.Godzilla  breathes fire!He didn't not in this movie.<br />3.The name Godzilla is not the  director's toy to play with,nor is he the director's pet iguna,which  upon  this was the image done with.<br />4.Most important!Kept the original  script!There was a much better one before and it had godzilla breath  fire,defend the earth,go to Japan,and fought an another monster(a huge  Gyphon).The script is on the web.<br />One more thing:Was I expecting  Shakphere? No.just Godzilla,like the name implied.He wasn't in this moive.
B000003489|5.0|Recorded not long before the formation of the &quot;classic quartet,&quot; this seminal work highlights Trane's compositional abilities as well as energetic and highly creatively playing over impossibily complex chord  changes (especially in &quot;Giant Steps&quot;). Trane moved more toward  modal jazz after this work, but this expresses complex, high energy,  acoustic jazz at its best. A standard for all jazz lovers.
6304539282|5.0|For those who remember, for those who never forget, and for a entire generation. StarWars, Empire Strikes Back and The Return of the Jedi Are the 3 times of adventures than changes movie makind forever. Own Now the  Gorges Lucas Masterpiece. Because The Force is Forever, and for all  generations.<br />A long time ago in a galaxy, far, far away....<br />                                    STAR WARS
B000003489|5.0|Recorded not long before the formation of the &quot;classic quartet,&quot; this seminal work highlights Trane's compositional abilities as well as energetic and highly creatively playing over impossibily complex chord  changes (especially in &quot;Giant Steps&quot;). Trane moved more toward  modal jazz after this work, but this expresses complex, high energy,  acoustic jazz at its best. A standard for all jazz lovers.
630542828X|4.0|As usual John Travolta and Robert Duvall were tremendous. Since I knew nothing about the plot or premise of the movie, I assumed that the rich personal injury lawyer (John Travolta) would come out on top with his  Porsche and Itallian made suits entact. While this production was not  advertised as a thriller, or overly suspenseful, I found it to be just  that, attributable to the acting of the entire cast.
B000003489|5.0|Recorded not long before the formation of the &quot;classic quartet,&quot; this seminal work highlights Trane's compositional abilities as well as energetic and highly creatively playing over impossibily complex chord  changes (especially in &quot;Giant Steps&quot;). Trane moved more toward  modal jazz after this work, but this expresses complex, high energy,  acoustic jazz at its best. A standard for all jazz lovers.
0679745203|1.0|Please don't read the book, but watch the film, it's definetely a Masterpiece of a movie, but really a bad written novel.
B00001OH7M|5.0|I was 12 years of age when I heard and saw David Bowie singing 'Starman' on an afternoon television programme.  We had just purchased our first colour tv set.......imagine my reaction to all that orange spikey hair! A  few singles later, and you almost had the entire 'Ziggy' album (made up of  singles and b-sides!) So the time came to purchase my first Bowie album,  and yes, those clever kooks at RCA dressed up the original cover with an  appropiate Ziggy photo, so that kids like me would think that we were  buying an album released not to far behind Ziggy.  However, to my young and  earnest delight, I was whirlpooled into a cosmic, accoustic, brassey,  orchestral, and indeed, romantic selection of material.  Anyone who hasn't  heard the ultimate classic 'Space Oddity', will love this song 'till death.   'Unwashed and Somewhat Slightly Dazed' rocks and sways, spouting lines  like.....&quot;and my tissue is rotting.... where the rats chew my  bones&quot;, 'Letter to Hermoine' is very sweet and loving (really!), while  'Cygnet Committe', a long composition of vaired subjects and semi  historical oddities, sums up the sixties and opens the doors to the  seventies, ending with the eerie reverberation of the lyric &quot;I want to  live....live.....live&quot; 'Janine' is folkey and punchy and not without  its charm, 'Occassional Dream' is moving wet dreamy romance, 'The Wild Eyed  Boy From Freecloud' would have worked wonderfuly well in any epic Andrew  LLoyd Webber stage musical, the orchestral arragngments contained within  are quite spellbinding, 'God Knows I'm Good' will break your heart for the  poor woman caught lifting the tin of stewing steak, while finally, the  album ends with a semi-biblical moonbash of a song called 'Memory Of A Free  Festival', with its almost weird and paganistic lyric....&quot;The sun  machine is coming down and we're gonna have a party&quot;.<br />It has to be  said that the musicianship and production on this album, while very  sixties, is indeed very good for an album of its time.  This recording will  always have a special place....we've come a long way since then..baby!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I had never heard of Moby before when I was  &quot;forced&quot; to listen to it in a record store. I  bought it right away, and I think I still haven't fully discovered all its beauty. Most of it is just very nice and  wonderful music. If you only know the singles you might be somewhat  confused by the plethora of styles on the album, though.
B00001OH7M|5.0|I was 12 years of age when I heard and saw David Bowie singing 'Starman' on an afternoon television programme.  We had just purchased our first colour tv set.......imagine my reaction to all that orange spikey hair! A  few singles later, and you almost had the entire 'Ziggy' album (made up of  singles and b-sides!) So the time came to purchase my first Bowie album,  and yes, those clever kooks at RCA dressed up the original cover with an  appropiate Ziggy photo, so that kids like me would think that we were  buying an album released not to far behind Ziggy.  However, to my young and  earnest delight, I was whirlpooled into a cosmic, accoustic, brassey,  orchestral, and indeed, romantic selection of material.  Anyone who hasn't  heard the ultimate classic 'Space Oddity', will love this song 'till death.   'Unwashed and Somewhat Slightly Dazed' rocks and sways, spouting lines  like.....&quot;and my tissue is rotting.... where the rats chew my  bones&quot;, 'Letter to Hermoine' is very sweet and loving (really!), while  'Cygnet Committe', a long composition of vaired subjects and semi  historical oddities, sums up the sixties and opens the doors to the  seventies, ending with the eerie reverberation of the lyric &quot;I want to  live....live.....live&quot;. 'Janine' is folkey and punchy and not without  its charm, 'Occassional Dream' is moving wet dreamy romance, 'The Wild Eyed  Boy From Freecloud' would have worked wonderfuly well in any epic Andrew  LLoyd Webber stage musical, the orchestral arragngments contained within  are quite spellbinding, 'God Knows I'm Good' will break your heart for the  poor woman caught lifting the tin of stewing steak, while finally, the  album ends with a semi-biblical moonbash of a song called 'Memory Of A Free  Festival', with its almost weird and paganistic lyric....&quot;The sun  machine is coming down and we're gonna have a party&quot;.<br />It has to be  said that the musicianship and production on this album, while very  sixties,is indeed very good for an album of its time.  This recording will  always have a special place....we've come a long way since then..baby!
6305161976|5.0|Humphrey Bogart rates beside Cooper and Gable as a man with everything...class, looks, rough edges and a small percentage of sentimentality. I personally have always admired his style of acting, droll and aloof, yet attached and perceptive. This movie reinstates that title  that he held and still holds today. Bogart plays Rick, an American living  in a French occupied Morocco, who owns a popular cafe and has plenty of  connections with numerous people.  Ingrid Bergman plays the divine Ilsa,  who was once Rick's lover, married to Resistance leader, Victor Laszlo  played by Paul Henreid. She meets up with Rick again in Morocco, evoking  memories that Rick had rather forgotten. Rick beomes imbroiled with Victor  Laszlo and his plans to escape to America before he gets sent back to a  German concentration camp. Ilsa enlists the help of Rick, who has corrupt  ways with Nazis and the Resistance, and she realises that she still loves  him and wants to go to America with him. Bogart is every womans good  guy/bad guy... This movie wowed me when I first saw it. It still does now.
B000002KXV|5.0|What A Beautiful Disc This Will Be. I have a feeling that was what Donald was saying when recording this album. This guy thinks ahead. I am now 25 years old and I bought this album when I was only 17. My cousin immediately  took a liking to this album when he heard International Geophysical Year  blasting from my stereo from another room when I first bought it. Now he is  a huge Steely Dan Fan. I have to highlight a quote from a past review here:  The perfect woman, a Donald Fagen Fan. If there is one out there, she's  sure to be the perfect woman, no doubt. Well in actuality there is no such thing as a perfect woman but she will be well on her way if she is a fan of this album. Yes, this is also a great disc to test your speakers and surround sound also. It's amazing these guys can  also record wonderous solo works as well. 11 Tracks of Whack(becker) is  absolutely beautiful. Kamakiriad is great also. 11 Tracks is my all-time  favorite!  Thanks Becker & Fagen for contributing to our much needed  society in music. I can't wait for their new album. I will camp out at the  front door of a music store on the release date. Long live Steely Dan!
1573226521|3.0|My title says it all.  The author starts out with a fascinating premise and I was enthralled by the events in the middle but the ending a total ho-hum event.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is my favorite album right now. If you like Limp Bizkit's style then you definatly need this CD. It does have some objectionable lyrics, so anyone 11 and under should get the edited version. Either way, my favorites  are Nookie, Re-arranged, n2gether now, and break stuff.
6300216365|5.0|A very clever, funny film. Anyone who has struggled in the dating game will probably see a little of themselves in Woody Allen's charactor. The scene on the couch, between Woody and Diane Keaton, is one of the funniest  scenes in any movie ever. Tony Roberts and Jerry Lacey are excellent as the  too-busy husband and Humprey Bogart. If you liked ANNIE HALL or WHEN HARRY  MET SALLY, I highly recommend this movie, even if you are not a Woody Allen  fan.
B0000019PA|1.0|With all the glowing five-star reviews I've read, and with so many people telling me this album was the new barometer of musical genius, I had to buy it. I have listened to this album many, many times, and it always leaves me  perplexed.  &quot;In the Aeroplane Over the Sea,&quot; to me, is hopelessly  mediocre, infantile, poorly recorded, poorly performed, and not at all  worth the hype it has received on this website.  Anyone who believes this  album is &quot;genius,&quot; or &quot;innovative&quot; should pick up  Webster's dictionary, look up the meaning of those words, and ask  themselves if they really describe this album accurately. Many have pointed  out the significance of the album's recurring theme of Anne Frank as if it  were some brilliant stroke of lyrical mastery. I'm sorry, but most of us  read the Diary of Anne Frank in the sixth grade, and the fact that Jeff  Mangum is obsessed with it now only proves his childish intellect. His  voice is, in a word, abysmal. His supporting players are likewise  out-of-tune, out-of-time, grasping for ideas from their limited palette. As  for Ms. Frank, nothing new is learned; Mangum leaves only fragmented  questions, and no new insight. Of course, fans of the band tell me I just  don't get it, that it's so emotional, that it makes them cry. Yet they  can't say why it affects them so. As for Neutral Milk Hotel (and the  majority of the Elephant Six Collective), I can only say that they've  broken no new ground, have no talent, and seem quite content to fool you  with the dubious aesthetics of their lo-fi world. With approval from the  potheads at CMJ, and the Michael Stipe Seal Of Approval, Neutral Milk Hotel  and bands of their ilk, will continue to pump out what is the most  overrated dross I think I've ever heard.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This really is a great movie. Though I can imagine some people might find it hard to keep track of what is happening. Also the subtitles and the wide-screen leave you with a dissatisfied feeling. But apart from that it's  marvellous to just watch the movie for its outstanding special effects!    It keeps you guessing how they did those special effects with slow passing  bullets and not screwing up character movement by doing that. Fortunately,  a nice extra of this DVD-version is probably that you get to know how they  did these special effects. Take my advise and buy this movie on DVD. You  won't regret it!
0767819594|4.0|The movie was well planed and scripted, but the director lacked the sexual passion needed for the film. They had a great wardrobe and S.M.G. is totally an a atractive jewel!
1558908323|5.0|Excellant movie...quite honestly, it gave me the heebie-geebies. Very well done, but here is the point I always make and will continue to make as long as there are DVDs: I believe a DVD should take full advantage of the 5.1  architecture in a surround sound system. This movies pans left-to-right,  the rear surround channels and front soundstage work well together, so that  you experience the movie AS WELL AS watch it! Turn out the lights and  enjoy...
0440234743|3.0|I bought The Testament December 30 and was finished by noon on the 31st.  It began quickly and captured my attention within the first two chapters.  I was enthralled until the last part of the book then I was deeply  disappointed in the finish.  Mr. Grisham has done this before, left the  story hanging and a lot of unanswered questions (such as in The Client and  The Firm).  I really was hoping for an ending like The Partner, where there  was definitely a surprise.  I was disappointed that the lawyers actually  got their money from the heirs, and the fact the heirs got any money at  all.  I will get his next book from the library and save myself some cash.
B000002GFU|5.0|wonderfull album if U listen to tracks 1,2,3,4,10 and U didn't like it you really have a problem and U have to see a docter
0140282033|4.0|I liked this book. It is quite intriguing. The setting is neat, the characters are interesting, and it has clever symbolism. The ending could have been stronger - hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
B000002OMN|5.0|i don't know how to say i just simply love the CD the first six tracks are masterpieces nice come back MEAT
B000002U3P|5.0|Beautiful Lou Reed tune. The best background party music
0060977493|5.0|An excellent book written with an excellent flare for English.  No wonder the book is chosen as text for schools in some countries.  Ms Roy has given a great deal of imprortance in maintaining the beauty of God own country  and its traditional style of living.  The best thing I like about the book  is the inclusion of some Malayalam(language) words.  Being a hard malayalee  myself it was very touching to see those words in print.<br />What I admire  most about the author is inspite of being away from kerala for so long,  her heart still lies there.  Thats the magic of Gods own country.
0783225970|5.0|one of THE best mob movies made. this is a must see movie for crime fan
B00001ZULV|5.0|genesis fans will enjoy this compilation of the bands most popular songs from the last 20 years
068484267X|5.0|When I first saw this book, I was intrigued because it was about Irish people.  I find Irish people interesting, and therefore concluded that this book would be also.  As soon as I began reading &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot;  I could not put it down.  This book is moving, touching, and as I said in  the title of my review, humbling.  I read the second book, &quot;Tis, A  Memoir&quot;, and I have the upmost regard for Frank McCourt.  I will  steadfastly wait for another novel from Mr. McCourt.  I thank him for  sharing his past with us, and now feel more appreciative for my life.
B00002SWEM|5.0|this is the best movie that I have ever seen for years! if you want to look to the world from another window and listen great music (t doesn'matter if you dont like cuban music)just BUY this dvd! it has  everything!
B000002JSJ|5.0|I am extremely new to Led Zeppelin.  I bought the most recent CD released, 'Best of the Early Days', because I didn't know where to start.  Over New Year's weekend, however, I heard this album and after listening to the  first song, I was undeniably hooked.  'Achilles Last Stand' is one of the  most amazing songs I have ever heard.  Ten minutes or not, it is over  before you know it.  Just the drumming in this song makes it worth buying  the album.  This review may not be helpful to some of you trying to get a  handle on the album as a whole, but just after hearing 'Achilles' on its  own, I have made it a personal goal to get my hands on the rest of their  recordings.  The impression was that good.  Hence, I bought 'Physical  Graffiti' along with this CD to start.
0805062971|5.0|If you enjoyed the most incredible movie in the entire world---Fight Club---then you should definately read this book.  It makes me want to take an empty soda can and smash it against my head.  Yeah CHI!
6305372411|5.0|I watched part of this series with my parents over Christmas, but I had to leave for the airport before I could finish it!  So, now I'm buying my own copy so I can see the rest of it!  Tom Hanks and his team have really done  justice to the dogged determination and creative genius of the thousands of  people who turned the dream of landing on the moon into the reality that we  seem to take for granted today!  This is a must-see for anyone with any  interest in the space program!
0425107469|5.0|I have read every Dean Koontz out there (I think) and I just loved this book!  The characters were wonderful and Einstein was fantastic.  This book scared me and made me cry.  You couldn't help feeling sorry for the  Outsider also.  <br />This book was very heartwarming and thrilling.  His best  so far!<br />If you like Dean Koontz I think you will enjoy reading this book.   If you are also a pet lover - don't pass this book up - you will love it!
B000002L9Y|4.0|Again these guys...err guys and girls..err ladies and gentlemen...dudes and dudettes...oh whatever, put out a good album.  There is a little more of a reliance on synthesizers and that can get annoying to some people.  However, the song-writing is still at optimum level.  Big Love is is one  emotional charged number.  The moods shift from song to song making it very  worthwhile.
B0000296SI|5.0|I'd recommend thid cd to everyone who is a fan of blink182.I have all of the blink182 cd's and this one is with no doubt the best.At first you will only like a couple songs, but as you listen to it more and more you will  get hooked to songs like, all the small things,what's my age again,going  away to college,adams song and aliens exist.I like all of the songs and I  think if you buy this cd you will think the same too.
B000002I2M|5.0|A good blues record that features Mr. Morrison on top of his game.  Soem great instrumental embellishments by the rest of the guys.  Hyacinth House is one underrated gem and Riders On The Storm has some great keyboard and  guitar solos. Only Crawling King Snake gets a little weary after a while.  Otherwise, this is one of the best final albums of original material by its  original members.
0380002930|5.0|When I asked the teacher that reccomended this book to me why it wasn't given any awards, like Newberry, she told me &quot;Because it's not a children's book.&quot; That statement is definitely arguable - it depends  on the child that reads it and varies from person to person...but I admit a  lot of kids would be over their heads.<br />And if you're not a kid? Then you  might find the plot of migrating rabits with their own vocabulary  ludicrous.  But this is a fascinating look into the world seen by the  animals we so often take for granted. 5+ to Adams for a spectacular book -  every time I see a rabbit I think of Watership Down.<br />If you're planning  to buy this book, DO NOT get the paperback. The binding literally falls  apart after one reading, ownning to how long it is.
B000002KXO|4.0|This record is very underrated.  Not as commercial as the mega platinum Rumours but sometimes beauty is in a hidden gem.  This is the disc which has Gypsy on it.  Whereas, the aforementioned song is not bad by any means,  I would have to rate it as the weakest number on here.  Christine McVie and  Lindsay Buckingham contribute most of the artistic gems on here such as  Love In Store, Oh Diane, Eyes Of The World, and Wish You Were Here.  Maybe  not their best but certainly a winner to my ears.
B000005ALN|4.0|George Michael's last album of original material, &quot;Older&quot;, is his most stylized and sophisticated effort.  The songs continue much in the vein of &quot;Listen Without Prejudice, Vol. I&quot; but with an added  element of gentleness.  Most of this album consists of ballads or soft,  mid-tempo numbers and Michael delivers his most delicate singing here.  The  music bounces between R&amp;B, jazz, and dance, with some exotic middle  eastern melodies and languid saxophone solos mixed in here-and-there that  work well.  Much of the album also features busy yet feather-like  percussion that keeps it from drifting into &quot;boring ballad&quot; land.   Michael plays much of the instrumentation himself and proves to be a fine  musician &amp; arranger.<br />This album is a bit of a rarity in a way; many  of the songs have a gentle, slow feeling but the sound as a whole is so  stylish and graceful that the album doesn't put you to sleep.  This album  contains none of the sex-filled, youthful energy found on his first album  (except for the catchy disco song &quot;Fastlove&quot;), but rather, as the  title explains, showcases the work of an artist who is indeed getting older  (and better).  Singers of the world beware of this album, this man has got  style &amp; skill to spare.
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is one of my favorites of all time.  The first time I heard it I fell asleep to it, and the nest day I knew and loved every song.
0790734850|5.0|They say that European and Asian films are character-driven, while American films are plot-driven.  L.A. Confidential has both great character studies and a wonderful plot.  Add to this production values that are  American films' forte, and you have a world-class masterpiece.<br /><br />One sour grapes note:  To those who share my chagrin over L.A. Confidential's loss to the trash called Titanic, take comfort.  In 1952, another mediocre spectacle film, Greatest Show on Earth, by a director with  powerful backing, DeMille, beat out a future classic called High Noon, directed by a director of lesser \\"stature\\".  James \\"I am king of the world!\\" Cameron vs Curtis Hanson. The parallels are striking.<br /><br />To me, its loss of the Oscar to Titanic reflects not on L. A. Confidential, but on the Academy.  Actors are notoriously stupid.  And since the Academy vote is dominated by actors, is it any wonder that the Oscar for Best Picture of 1997 was such a stupid award?
6300988600|5.0|This episode in itself justified the existence of the entire third season of Star Trek. Although one reviewer has ranked it (rather absurdly) as the 54th-best episode, it deserves a much higher rating.<br />The relationship  between Spock and McCoy takes center stage as they clash as well as work  together on their &quot;repsective tasks to complete before the Tholians  complete theirs.&quot;<br />An interesting story with action, suspense and  some good dialog. Also unusual is the fact that this episode focuses on  almost every character on board except Kirk. A refreshing change of pace.
0553269631|4.0|OK let me get the bad stuff out of the way first:  the book was a little too long, all the description made it boring at times, the pacing was slow, and the characters hadn't really developed or grown by the end of the  novel.  But why does it get four stars, you ask?  The book followed the  lives of some very different people and that was interesting:  a 12 year  old girl, a restaurant owner, a big drunk guy, a black doctor, and two mute  guys.  Each chapter was about one of these people so if you got tired of  reading about one, the next chapter was about someone different.  There  were lots of interesting parts it the book once you get past the boring,  depressing description.  People die, a child is shot in the head, a man  gets his feet cut off.  None of this stuff is good, but it makes the better  more interesting to read.  The book is set in 1930s Georgia and the book  addresses racism and segregagtion too.  Even though its long, its worth it.   You'll be proud you finished the 400+ pages.
B00000JWVO|4.0|This video is a great replicate of the 1981 smash hit musical of Cats.  I was  a bit disappointed to see that Andrew Lloyd Webber cut out parts of his songs, and even cut out a huge song 'Growltigers last Stand'from the  movie.  He cut several versus from the duet 'Mungogerrie and Rumpleteazer.'  I was quite pleased otherwise with an inspiring cast, great dancing, and  beautiful singing.  Theatre buff or not your bound to enjoy this musical  that is world famous.  Hats off to Lloyd Webber for starting his video  collection of his musicals with a bang.  Enjoy!
0345308239|5.0|A marvellous book. People looking for a synopsis of the book can get that from the other reviews. I'd like to take exception to A.Bowdoin Van Riper's contention that nothing useful can be gleaned from the book in respect of  understanding history. I would have thought that illustrating how folly in  its variety of manifestations operates in forming governments' policies is  a very useful lesson of history. It is precisely in the manner that Tuchman  illustrates how folly - a very human condition - comes into play that  lessons for the future can and should be learnt. Her definitions of folly  are much more intellingent and pertinent than this reviewer gives credit  for.<br />As for the reviewer who dismisses this as 'liberal', well ... what  can you say to the wilfully blind that might open their eyes? Nothing.
B000002J2D|4.0|yeah, yeah, I know the music is not the same  without Peter. That said...,for anyone who has not sat down and actually listened to, not just tried to compare this to earlier works, this is a gem.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Having had a chance to read the working screenplay and the book after seeing the film, I have to say that this is probably one the best adaptations (Jim Uhls, screenwriter) out of Hollywood in a very, very long  time.  The soundtrack (Dust Brothers) also is amazingly crisp and can  easily stand alone as a finished work (Get the CD if you haven't already).  Jeff Cronenworth's cinematography slides and pulls through an oily darkness  that is almost palpable, and the camera's point of view prowls the fight  scenes like a pacing caged animal. The post-production sound engineering by  LucasFilm is hyper-detailed like some kind of twitchy, speedy paranoid  high. There is not an actor out of place in this film... each shot and each  action is remarkably balanced in creating the overall feeling in this  amazing work. David Fincher did an incredible job pulling this all  together, and I would recommend this film to anyone with a serious interest  in what was one of the best films of the decade.
0380973464|4.0|Stephenson mixes a delicious stew of  cybertech and over-the-top characterization.  The two main characters of this melange are the families Waterhouse and  Shaftoe. The Waterhouses being the ultimate math nerds and  the Shaftoes are all gun-toting men ( and women) of  action. ( a la  Sergeant Rock) They and their descendents lives touch, skew, arc, and   intersect during WWII and the present. The plot involves the creation of a  data haven with its own digital cash and flashbacks to the 1940's and the  exploits of the Bletchley Park gang.  Among other topics explored are:  cryptography, cryptanalysis, the art of skip-bombing in the Bismarck Sea,  the effete twits of the MLA, guerilla warefare ,a literal mountain of gold,  reptilian corporate types, the creation of  the computer, IS theory, a  cultural  anthropology of cyber geeks, number theory, randomness, white  noise, U-boat warfare, GPS, post traumatic stress syndrome, modulo math,  mining engineering, the flora and fauna of the Phillipines,  how to eat  Capn' Crunch, urban warfare and the performance of due diligence.  Mix this  with a generous dollop of  what high velocity or sharp pointed objects do  to  human  tissue, and you have one hell of a roller-coaster ride. The  characters are almost unbelievable.  Their saving grace is the fact that  they take what the do seriously , not themselves.  The pace is breathless  as my sentences above.  There are cameos by Ronald Reagan (lame) and  Douglas MacArthur (dead on target ). There is a hacking/cryptanalysis   scene that is this tomes real climax and will thrill anyone with just  minimal knowledge of computer ops and crypto. If you've read Simon Singh's  \\"The Code Book\\", you'll be able to watch the Simpsons and read this book at  the same time without missing a beat. I did.  Considering the length of the   book (approx 900 pages), it's a quick read. That's because  it's like a  box of Cracker-Jacks; a new toy or factoid in every chapter.  If you think  the plotis far-fetched, there's a guy selling shares in hunt for WWII  Japanese gold buried in the Phillipines. See the latest edition of Digital  Forbes.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie was one of the most outstanding  books I have ever read.  It gives you a new way to look at life and remember that time really goes by quickly.  His story isn't unrealistic where you would just put the  book back on the shelf.  I couldn't keep my eyes out of the book once I  starting reading it!   <br />Great job on writing the book!   I am sure that  everyone that reads this book will really enjoy it!
B00000AFDW|4.0|The classic &amp; best KISS line up are back and in make up and leather as well.  I for one think it is a very good album - no its not a Destroyer but it rocks and there are definitely some new sounds.  What I like about  Psycho Circus is that it is more like they used to sound.  Its not an  Unmasked or a Carnival of Souls, which is a relief.  I'm very glad that the  original line up is back together.  The unforgettable KISS image and sound  was created by these four.  I hope KISS will make another record soon and  come to my pathetic college town and rock the living hell out of it.  We  need it bad.
0679601686|5.0|This book is Jane Austen at her best.  It is witty, well-written, and captivating.  I would recommend this book to anyone, even those who tend to dislike literature from this period.
6301963717|5.0|Yes, FARGO won lots of awards, and sure, RAISING ARIZONA isuproariously funny, but make no mistake: MILLER'S CROSSING is thequintessential Coen brothers film.  In point of fact, it's flawless, a jewel you can turn over and around in your hands again and again, seeing a new facet every time, each one striking and smooth and perfect.<br />The script is awash with Prohibition-era jargon both historically grounded and whimsically invented, a symphony of phrases and exchanges that linger and echo long after being heard.  (It isn't unusual after a viewing to walk around asking friends, &quot;What's the rumpus?&quot;, or to complain about being given &quot;the high hat&quot; upon being snubbed.)<br />The performances, as well, are individually and collectively irresistable.  I defy you, in fact, to find a single film in which _any_ of the major players has ever been better.  There's not a false or miscast note in the whole of the dramatis personae.  There's Gabriel Byrne as the inscrutable, Machiavellian Tom Reagan, a trusted advisor to the city's Irish mob lord who falls out of favor and &quot;defects&quot; to the Italian camp to save his own skin...or does he?  Albert Finney plays Leo, the aforementioned Irish power broker whose fists of iron, vicious survival instinct, and all-too-vulnerable heart congeal into a simply remarkable, unforgettable character.  John Turturro is equal parts pathetic outcast and conniving opportunist as Bernie Birnbaum, the unscrupulous, vampirically pale bookmaker whose shady maneuvers set the whole plot into motion.  Marcia Gay Harden exudes fierce intelligence and buckets of carefully-aimed sex appeal as Bernie's sister Verna, whose unflagging drive to protect her brother -- even from himself -- almost excuse her twisted machinations.  J.E. Freeman drips evil and impending violence all over the screen as smarter-than-you-want-him-to-be enforcer Eddie Dane.  Jon Polito, as hot-tempered Italian ringleader Johnny Caspar, may be the only character at hand to actually feel sorry for, as his oddly consistent ethical code makes it a sure bet he doesn't stand a chance in his environment.<br />There's more to say about the acting, of course, but I'll stop there rather than pour accolades onto the entire cast.  And when I say &quot;entire,&quot; I'm not exaggerating: every person who comes into frame, from the leads to the smaller parts to the people with one line or none at all, fit together and play off of each other as though they'd been born to do nothing else in their entire lives. The whole of it actually makes it difficult not to notice acting and casting problems in other films.<br />I'm running out of room here, so I can only nod to some of the other perfect elements of production. Barry Sonnenfeld's dead-on photography is measured and seamless where appropriate, frenetic where necessary.  Set design and costuming make for such an astonishing illusion that were this not a color film, you might actually forget that it was released 9, not 69 years ago.  And even the sound -- from the music (diegetic and otherwise) to the crystal-clear sound effects that pierce the visual and draw you in by the ears, like they're supposed to -- is a _presence_ in its own right throughout the film.  I mean, when was the last time ice cubes dropping into an old-fashioned glass or the wringing out of an alcohol-soaked rag into a tinny dish felt truly woven into the designed effect of a scene in a movie?<br />What continues to amaze me about MILLER'S CROSSING is that no matter how many times I see it, regardless of how hard I look, I _can't find anything wrong with it_. That's an extremely rare situation in my experience.  It's what we all want out of a movie, and almost never get.  MILLER'S CROSSING delivers exactly that feeling, and when Tom Reagan leans against that tree and adjusts that hat in the haunting final shot, he knows it just as surely as we do.  He doesn't seem to feel especially happy about it, but that's okay._You_ will.
6302548195|5.0|I would really like to be able to obtain a copy of this movie, my wife and I have been trying to track down a copy for the past three years.  If anyone has any info on where I can get this movie PLEASE e-mail me at:  darrelh@cal.cybersurf.net
B00000K3D4|5.0|I've read a few reviews regarding the DVD transfer which point out how dodgy some of the scenes look.  In my opinion none of the scenes should be touched up to look better,  the current transfer is fantastic.  The only  negative thing about this DVD is that it lacks a dolby digital 5.1 sound  track(even though the box has the DD logo).  It only has surround 2.0.   <br />The making of the labyrinth is also included on the DVD which is also  interesting to watch.<br />Its a shame that some kids have grown up and not  seen the labyrinth or the dark crystal.<br />Don
B00001QEE8|4.0|I have always loved this movie. It is my favorite Disney. The only thing that would have made it better would have been some extras and the suposed suround sound. Of the 9 DVD's in the boxed set (that all state they have  full color discs) 3 did not have &quot;full&quot; disc art including this  one. I don't care if it is the same as the VHS, This one will not break as  my VHS tape did and it is so much crisper in color and sound. If you don't  have it, get it. Hopefully they will not reissue this in a new  &quot;gold&quot; edition ala Pinnochio.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie was made to be funny, and at the same time it has several redeeming qualities.  The world has never seen a generation like ours before.  We possess now the power of information, which is a universal power that can be used for good and evil alike.  Our generation, MY,  generation has been classified as a generation of hormone crazied, STD  carring, drug abusing, alcohol drinking, gun shooting, group of hooligans.   The problem is that we do have members who are just that.  We have been  publicied and criticized for everything that we have done wrong, but where  have the praises been?  This movie displays that there still are some  redeeming qualities left in my generation.  Whether it be in the value that  sex is given, or the heart break of lossing your first.  My generation is  characterized through this hilarious comedy...
1573226521|5.0|Every now and then a book comes along that is so good that you can't put it down.  &quot;The Beach&quot; is one of those books.  I even tried sneaking it to work so that I could keep on reading.<br />The book is  fast-paced, but full of detail. The story is exciting. The relationships  between the characters are well drawn. I was very impressed with Alex  Garland's writing style and imagination- this book was a pleasure to read.
0380002930|5.0|A fantastic book which I must beg you to read to your children.  Much better than the animation film that followed (mainly because the film seems to contain much more violence than the book!) but is one that I have  re-read recently (now aged 20) and still enjoyed.<br />Most definately a  teenager's book.
0684872153|5.0|This story was both terribly sad and remarkably funny at the same time. Frank McCourt's ability to combine the cruel, ignorant, and uneducated hardships of people with a diversely humorous approach is reminiscent of the genius of Joseph Heller's \\"Catch 22\\". The irony and comedic quality in the way he'd reuse phrases, or quotes, in both different and relative situations, as to repeat the humor, reminded me of Kurt Vonnegut's  \\"Breakfast of Champions\\".<br /><br />Unfortunately, it's the story of children forced to suffer hardships because of the irresponsible and dysfunctional actions of their parents. As amusing and dramatic as the story is, I hope those of non-Irish decent won't generalize the actions of the Irish because of the old-fashioned ignorance displayed in this book. They were definitely two pathetically negligent individuals, easily seen as more of an insult to the Irish than anything typical.<br /><br />The five stars I gave the story were for its comedic and witty value, for style and prose as well. It's an interesting story, even though the two primary adult characters were pitifully weak individuals.
6304795254|5.0|Fabulous directing, but even better: the editing was awesome. Rent, buy, whatever you have to to see this movie. Great movie! (nuff said)
068816689X|5.0|Edith Hahn Beer's book on what one did to survive the Holocaust was riviting. It was well written and effectively explained how one survived the unthinkable. Intead of sitting in judgement of how Jews survived Nazi  atrocities, I found myself being in awe of the spirit of survival of this  strong-willed, valiant woman. I think this is a &quot;must read&quot; for  anyone curious about how anyone survived the darkest time of the 20th  century.
6304025831|3.0|Every great director has their failures; Francis Ford Coppola had The Godfather Part III, Stanley Kubrick had Eyes Wide Shut, Brian De Palma had Snake Eyes. This was Scorsese's rotten apple. That's not to say it had a  great story and good acting, but it just lacks what makes his other films  so great. The main example is the style presented. Marty used to move the  camera around with poetic grace; instead, in Casino, he flings it around  like something out of a Michael Bay film. Another thing is Joe Pesci; he  was so great in GoodFellas, but he was just SO ANNOYING in this movie. F  this and F that. I could care less about cursing in movies (Scarface is my  favorite movie), but he used it so often and so randomly that the word just  lost it's meaning completely. De Niro didn't look like he was really  enjoying himself. Maybe he was just sick and tired of being in so many  Scorsese films. Stone is okay, not great. Not Oscar nomination great,  anyway. But if you're one of those crime-drama movie buffs, you should at  least find it tolerable. <br />P.S. The soundtrack kicks.
0425107469|5.0|This book grabbed me right from the beginning.  I absolutely fell in love with Einstein.  When I got to the end, my boyfriend was leaving town for a month and I just waved goodbye because I could not put the book down.  I  first read this book in 1986 and have been giving it as a gift ever since.   In fact, that's what I was doing today; ordering it for a friend.  It's my  favorite Koontz book, but don't bother seeing the movie.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Not being a big fan of today's music, I bought this CD after two great singles.  Despite the fact it takes time to get used to, once you do, it's sensational.  The songs all flow right into one another quite smoothly.   The only downfall is that most of the songs sound alike, and the CD is  rather short.  However, the quality of the music that IS on there,  certainly makes up for it.
B00002E233|1.0|This movie is so bad. I am not sure where to start. Hmmm... Let's see... Maybe that this movie is a complete take off of Jurassic Park but 4000 times worse. <br />My question is: How can a 24' shark fit through a little  port door?<br />Smart Sharks yes, but really dumb movie!
6305350205|3.0|I did't really like this one Cast: <br />William Shatner as James Tiberius Kirk Leonard Nimoy as Spock DeForest Kelley as Leonard H. McCoy James Doohan as Montgomery Scott Nichelle Nichols as Uhura George Takei as  Hikaru Sulu Walter Koenig as Pavel Andreievich Chekov<br />Guest Cast:  <br />Laurence Luckinbill as Sybok David Warner as St. John Talbot Charles  Cooper as General Korrd Todd Bryant as Captain Klaa George Murdock as God  Entity Melanie Shatner as Yeoman Harve Bennett as Starfleet Chief of Staff
0792156684|1.0|A lot of people like this film because of the romance in it.  This romance has been done to to death.  Other's enjoy it because of the music and some because of the historical value of the sinking of the Titanic.  This movie  is not as a historically correct as people think.  It may be visually  correct but historically there are things missing and things added.  Here  is one example.  The wireless operators where never given the command to  send the distress signal CQD in the movie, they went straight to SOS.  This  was a big thing historically.  As it went really they recived the CQD  command and the wireless operators started sending it off casually thinking  it was a drill, then they recieved the command of SOS and thats when they  realised that it was no drill.  So buy this movie if you want to see  DiCaprio or Kate Winslet, but go for one of the earlier Titanic movies for  historical value.
0385493800|1.0|Wow!  What a stunning DEAD END!   This book is a serious mark against the Grisham  that America has had the privilege to enjoy.  Gone are the days of fast-moving, action-packed, page-turning suspense thrillers from this  author.  Don't get me wrong, THE FIRST 100 PAGES WERE GOOD!  After that,  though, save your time and do something more important and exciting, like  laundry.
6305079811|3.0|FLASH GORDON is a hoot.  I'd forgotten how hilarious the script was.  There are some great lines in the film.  It is also sexy, with some great-looking actors in tight-fitting clothes.  And it actually captures  the fun, movie serial mood of the old FLASH films.  There's an excitement  in seeing those rocket ships flying from moon to moon on Mongo.  <br />On the  whole, though, the film is a bit cheesy.  Of course, that's the appeal of  it, too.  It's 1980's special effects look more like they're from the  1960's!  The costumes are glittery, gold, and shiny with tight, hot pants  on everyone from Flash to Aura (Ming's daughter).  And some of the sets  rival the celephane corn stalks and plastic Munchkinland flowers from THE  WIZARD OF OZ (although I am particularly fond of the Arboria  sets...)<br />Technically, I was disappointed with the DVD film transfer.   Right from the opening credits the film looks VERY grainy.  Granted, it is  nice to see FLASH in widescreen.  However, it's hard to tell if all the  special effects blue screen shots simply look grainy or if this is a  problem with the film transfer.  I can point out a scene in the dungeon  where the hour glass (with sand pouring &quot;up&quot;) is in the  foreground and a prisoner appears in the dark background ... the black  looks terrible and grainy.  Surely the film transfer is to fault here? This  film couldn't have been photographed that badly.<br />Also, there are no  extras whatsoever.  All we get is a scene menu.  I have problems with  paying for a DVD in the $20-24 range that has no extras and such a bad  quality film transfer.  Come on, guys!  FLASH could be fun in full, vivid,  crisp color.  That's one thing it's got going for it: the comic book colors  and production design.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This band is selling records because of TRL.  The same show that has created and nurtured the boy band and teenage girl explosion.  Does Limp Bizkit wish to be in this company?  Making money is one thing, flushing  your artistic credibility down the toilet is another.  <br />You want a real  band? Rage Against the Machine is a genuine band who have something to say  and back it up with musical talent!  They have never sold out and are a  force for change.
0060975768|5.0|Although I grew up in the 60s and 70s, Vietnam didn't touch me personally.  I'd watch the honor roll nightly on t.v., taps playing in the background, feeling vaguely numb as the names of dead soldiers scrolled across the  screen.  Read this book if you want to feel and smell the battlefield and  get to know the men who served.  This is a poignant, well-written account  that provides a lot of historical information without being dry and  difficult to follow.  It is an incredibly personal account without being  sentimental. The author occasionally and very subtley gives insight into  his own view on the war and the politics that kept it going, but focuses on  his soldiers and their struggle to survive the deprivation and slaughter of  a meandering war without end.  You will get to know the soldiers by name.   You'll learn about the lives they left and, if they were lucky, the lives  they went home to.  You will not be spared the carnage of the battlefield,  but this is no Rambo-esque mythology of the glories of war.  It is a sad  paen to the slaughter of so many young men.<br />I had preconceptions about  the kind of book a Lt. General might write.  Harold Moore and Joseph  Galloway shattered them.  This book will haunt you.
B00000K19E|5.0|I would highly recommend this DVD to everyone! If you enjoy fabulous sound, then this is the disc. Make sure you adjust your &quot;sub&quot; before watching this disc, it might knock things off your walls.
0380725398|3.0|Excuse me miss 17-year-old from the Netherlands but you just gave away the entire plot of the book. Nice going. Thanks. To anyone who wants to read it (luckily I already have) do NOT read the review from the girl from the  Netherlands. It will ruin it for you.
6305546797|5.0|Fantastic dvd for a classic movie.  If you love Halloween then this is the dvd to buy.  Great supplements with a outstanding documentary. Now if only all dvd special editions were this good. A must have dvd in any collection.  Halloween has never looked or sounded better.  And the interviews in the  documentary are a real treat. You can't go wrong here.  I would give it  five babysitters..I mean stars.
6304119046|2.0|Absolutely boring!  I didn't care what &quot;rosebud&quot; is but just painfully waited until it ended. You will not find this film satisfying as you expect.  I've found the good reviews here about this film are  exaggerated. I strongly believe that the majority of the people who ever  see it will consider it as a BAD film. Actually I gave it only 1.5 stars.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I would recommend this CD to both Spanish and English speaking people.  Songs can be sad and uplifting at the same time.  I think MANA is the best representation of Spanish Rock.  Don't wait and get it!
B00000J6AG|2.0|Upon getting this album I was incredibly exited because of all the good hype that I had heard.  However little did I know that I was in for a horrible disappointment.  This album is terrible.  The only reason that  people rave about it so much in my opinion is that they think that it is  &quot;new&quot; and &quot;fresh,&quot; when infact it was a poorly made  album by a poor artist.  Moby takes old southern gospel tracks and tries to  turn them into some sort of &quot;original techno.&quot; Instead all he has  done is take a bunch of dated songs that aren't very good to begin with and  do what he does best, make them sound worse.  Every Moby album that I have  ever heard has been painful to my ears and Play seems to keep the tradition  alive.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|This is, in my opinion, the worst Offspring cd that they have ever recorded!  It's become too mainstream rock and I guess pop-ish.  This cd totally destroyed my taste for the Offspring as well.  Pretty Fly for a  White Guy (in case you don't know, it's one of their more popular songs  from this album...I didn't like it though) was just such a joke.  It seemed  like they tried to change their style of music in order to actract people  that were more into other styles of music instead of just the punk-rock  crowd.  Its hard to explain...just don't make this the first Offspring cd  that you buy.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona has done it yet again with her fantistic poetry and voice.  I have to put each song on repeat to hear it like ten times, then continue to the next song and put it on repeat.  It seems to have a more techno-isk to it,  more drums and other musical inputs.  But the words and her voice still get  to you and you find yourself lost in the thoughts of Fiona Apple.
0767812387|1.0|This movie was horrible. After reading some of the good reviews I tried to watch it but had to turn it off. The plot is a little simplistic, but I don't mind that; it's the astounding gaps in the storyline that made this  movie ridiculous to watch. The Cuban man who can't dance professionally,  just with his heart, starts off cleaning floors, then all of a sudden is  doing ballet, and with absolutely no transition is in a dance contest in  Las Vegas. Literally, that's not a summary, that's how it went. Horrible  production and editing. Acting not bad, and the 3 minutes of dancing in 2  hours was decent; but not as good as any other dance movie out there.
0441172717|5.0|One of my favorite books ever.  I have always had a copy of this no matter where a lived.  It is one of the first sci-fi/fantasy books I've had and one of the most often read.  The rest of the series is also very good, but  nothing compares to the first book.  It is about politics, adventure,  romance.  It is intelligent, insightful and entertaining.  One of the best  books I've ever read.
0812548094|5.0|I'm on page 853 of this book and just realized a new &quot;skill&quot; I've acquired: speed reading. <br />With Terry's books (I finished &quot;Wizard's First Rule&quot; before diving straight into this one) I've  found something that for the first time I've liked even better than  Tolkien: his reflection and understanding of how we Humans think. As far as  I'm concerned, he's the &quot;Wizard's Machievelli&quot; of fantasy  fiction. <br />These books go on my top ten list, right up there with Joseph  Campbell.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I loved this DVD.  Lots of excellent scenes with complex visual effects.  Highly recommended for sci-fi fans.
B000003S0D|4.0|As a Crimson fan, Lizard was always an album I was slow to buy.  You hear all the accolades for In the Court, Larks Tongues, Red, and Discipline (rightfully so, of course) and then there are those OTHER albums.   &quot;Lizard and Islands&quot; say critics and some fans, &quot;do not  SOUND like Crimson, they are more jazzy, there is little electric guitar  from Fripp, and the vocals suck.&quot;  Well, as I like jazz and acoustic  guitar, and as vocals are rarely an intregal part of Crimson, I took a  chance and bought this gem.<br />I love this album.  They (read; Fripp) try so  much here, and much of it works.  In particular, I find welcome the  inclusion of a few brief moments of poppy fun (I am not usually in favor of  poppy fun, but mixed in with mostly gloomy and gothic arrangements, they  work quite nicely).  As I'm writing this, I still hear in my head the hook  parts to &quot;Indoor Games&quot; and &quot;Prince Rupert Awakes.&quot;   Catchy.  As is, to me, Cirkus.  Most people go around whistling top 40  radio, while in my head is stuck a grating gloomy mellotron riff from the  first cut of a 1970 prog album...and yet I still manage to keep a  girlfriend :)<br />Indoor Games, Happy Family (about the Beatles Breakup), and  most musical parts of the immense title track actually hold up when you  listen to them today.  As a matter of fact, I think this album holds up  better than its predecessors do, although I still believe &quot;Court&quot;  to be a better album.<br />Lady of the Dancing Water is weak, definitely the  weekest part of the album.  But there is some good acoustic work here, as  there is on much of the first side (though I've never owned a record, I  still like to divide CD's into sides) and it helps to think of 'Dancing  Water' as Moonchild without the stupid instrumental, which makes it more  enjoyable.  There is some great electric guitar for a few fleeting minutes,  by the way, on Prince Rupert's Lament on the title track for those longing  for that &quot;plugged&quot; sound (I still cling to the belief that Fripp  and Steve Hackett were one in the same man playing for different  bands)<br />However, all this having been said, if you don't like jazz, you'll  hate this album.  Its finest moments involve Collins' sweet sax and other  session players dualing with Fripp on Bolero, Indoor Games, and Last  Skirmish.  But if you like jazz as I do, it makes this album all the more  enjoyable.<br />At first, I didn't like the album's conclusion ('Big Top'),  but after further contemplation, it works for two reasons: it ties  everything together and presents a logical conclusion to the Cirkus motiff;  and it works as a kind of musical companion to Peter Gabriel's cry of  &quot;It's only knock and knowall but I like it&quot; at the end of the  Lamb.<br />I don't mind Haskell's voice.  I'm 21, and my generation regards  vocalists with hoarse, terrible voices like (insert names here) from the  Goo Goo Dolls and Matchbox 20, who in my mind render Haskell's voice akin  to Sinatra or some other classic crooner.  Besides, on this album, the  music is where it's at.<br />Things to keep in mind--much acoustic guitar,  much sweet Mel Collins sax (IMO, 10 times better than Ian McDonald) and  many jazzy interludes, some nice pop moments, a dash of grating Fripp  electric (actually about 2 minutes), and a concept that isn't really there  at all but still works very well.
B00000AGI0|5.0|WHOA!  I remember when I first heard Van Halen on their VH3 tour at the Garden in New York. I was so blown away I had to hear all their records. To me, Van Halen stands as one of the best, if not THE best. Throughout the  whole record, Eddie's unbelievable riffing and soloing simply blow the mind  of the ordinary human being (or is that Humans Being?). There is no better  way to put it: the guitar speaks to you. Even for someone like me who  listens to all the shredders: George Lynch, Kane Roberts, Jake E. Lee,  something about Eddie's sound and phrasing just hits you like a freight  train. From the head-bangin' riffs in Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love, to the  smooth vocal harmonies in Feel Your Love Tonight, to the wild drums and  interesting band tacet section in I'm The One, to the just plain fun Ice  Cream Man, this record is simply one of the finest things ever to come out  of the music world. Did I forget something? Oh yes, Eruption... Ahem...WOW.  Eruption is not a song or solo, Eruption is a musical entity in itself.  Something beyond the boundaries of normal music. Eddie taps (pun)into  something deep within himself, and blows that feeling right in your face!  The wild, toture-your-fingers licks in the beginning kick off a rising  force, building slowly and becoming more and more expressive. Finally, at  the maximum pressure point, it all comes down. The &quot;eruption&quot;  simply blows the top off of the whole thing. A beautiful and ingenious  implied chord progression in E Major/Harmonic Minor displays something  truely unique not only in style and sound but in...existence. Something all  other guitar players are incapable of producing in just that way. When the  pressure begins to slowly drop off, and the eruption ends, the listner is  now wide-eyed, jaw-on-the-floor blown away. Eruption is truely a creation  beyond non-Eddie comprehension. It is no surprise to me that Eddie Van  Halen is what he is: the most revolutionary guitar player of the past  millennium. While other guitar players and other bands may fade with time,  there was, is now, and forever will be, Van Halen.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Oh yeah, this album is 'Punk' with a capitol 'P'.  This is my third Blink 182 album and they keep on getting better and better by each album.   The on this album, songs are wonderful to listen to, even if you don't usually  like punk music.   If you liked 'Whats My Age Again' and 'All The Small  Things' you'll love this album. They got an outstanding punk beat and  clever and impressive lyrics that almost everyone can relate to.  Let me  add that they can also dance a whole lot better that the Backstreet Boys,  if you know what I mean. Congrats to Blink 182!
6305428425|5.0|This movie was great! I can relate the main characters in this movie to myself &amp; my best friend...not in the &quot;A&quot; group, not really in the &quot;B&quot;, group, but definately not in the &quot;C&quot; group...just in our own group. This movie shows how it really is in high  school for the rest of us. It shows how certain people will never show you  respect no matter how much you s#@k up to them, so why not just be yourself  and show them off?  Again, I could see this movie over &amp; over again,  so definately see it if you haven't already.
B000002AH7|2.0|A short word of warning.  Those who expect a synergistic union of davis-esque jazz and &quot;classical&quot; music should listen before they buy.  For myself, the combination is static.
0792842731|4.0|Tomorrow Never Dies was quite the Bond film.  It was filled with action and plenty of passion, of course.  Jonathan Pryce plays a great villian, Elliot Carver, but Mr. Stamper, Carver's right hand man, is the movie's  best villian.<br />Brosnan turns in another stellar performance as Bond, and  this movie brought to the table something never before seen in any Bond  film.  A beautiful woman who also knows how to fight.  Don't get me wrong,  the women in past Bond films were gorgeous, but they pretty much just  followed bond around and did little to help him, in this movie, Wai Lin  knew how to fight, and she was a tremendous asset to Bond's attempt to foil  Carver's plan.<br />This movie does err in one respect, however.  It does not  have near the plot that GoldenEye, its predecessor, did.  TND is much more  of a shoot em up movie, while Goldeneye made you think a little bit.  This  is the only reason I gave TND four stars instead of five. My advice, rent  it today.
B00000J6AG|5.0|First of all, i am very excited by the way that music is unfolding into the 21 century.  After listening to Play, i have decided that we are heading towards a new revolution within the art of music.  I have been  searching the question of 'who will take us there' and i have come up with  the answer that lies in the movement.  Moby will take us there along with  friends like radoihead and Nigel Godrich.  But this is supposed to be a  review for &quot;Play,&quot; right.  well folks, all i can tell you is that  if you want to know what revolution sounds like, insert &quot;Play&quot;  into your cd player, cassette tape deck, turntable, or what have you and be  on the alert for your smoke and sqirmish and musical disclosure.<br />michael
0790744295|2.0|Five short stories that come from a boy's haunted comic book, which are all are ridiculous and boring. This movie was supposed to be funny, and I guess it is. It is so pathetic that you just have to laugh at how hopeless  it is.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you can't stomach some one like limp bizkit, then you will be blown out of your f**kin mind when you hear the sonic assult that is Slipknot. With extreme songs like &quot;Surfacing&quot;, &quot;Eyeless&quot; and their  signature song, &quot;Spit It Out&quot;, Slipknot's nine members take hard  core music to a new level. With the masks and jumpsuits, they look like a  mutant hit squad, and play just as hard as one. #8(Corey) blends the best  of Jonathan Davis'(Korn), and Fred Durst's(Limp Bizkit) fury and rage from  their first CD's. Their ain't no calm in this storm, just furious,  ear-bleeding music. To put it bluntly, this is the hardest f**kin rock I've  heard in a long time.
0790736942|4.0|A young girl is possessed by the devil, and only two priest can save her. If you are a christian that is seriously devoted to god, then this movie is a definate NO. Apart from that, a fantastic performance from Linda Blair as  the possessed girl and lots of very grusome and disturbing effects that are  very convincing.
0385484518|5.0|An unbelievably touching book. If I had one book to recomend, this would be it. From start to finish you can relate and reflect with the author and his subject. There are few books out there that I &quot;just can't put  down&quot; and this would be one of them.
6303422020|3.0|Still the same as the first, but this time the stories are being told by an ugly dungeon keeper or something, and there are only three stories instead of five. But at least each one of these stories topped any of the  stories from the first. These stories have better plots and are far more  entertaining and easier to watch than the first. Still not all that good,  but good enough.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden's second album is quite different from the first album in that it contains a lot more ballads.  There are still some great songs with beat though.  The song Affirmation has to be the best song I've heard in  some time (and I listen to a LOT of music).  Check this out if you are a  fan of Savage Garden.  If you're not a fan listen to it anyway and I  promise you won't be disappointed!
6304711875|4.0|The small town of Haddonfield gets terrorised by two maniacs that have a die hard love for horror movies. This movie is plenty scary and thrilling all the way. One of the best horror movies ever made. Rich and clever  stuff.
1573225517|5.0|Nick Hornby's HIGH FIDELITY opens with a list that most teenage males and men have made variations of in their own lives: their five most memorable break-ups. Before we even know where this list is going to lead, we know  protagonist Rob Fleming is going to be a guy after many of our hearts. He  is the kind of guy that pays extremely close attention to his relationships  with women, is always looking for that \\"perfect\\" girlfriend (in the sense  of perfect for him), and if pressed just a bit, could readily produce the  names of every girl that ever deigned to kiss him romantically on the lips.  Not that this is a good thing, but it's just something we can do, kind of  like being able to rattle off the last ten NCAA basketball champions.  Self-obsessed? Sure. Recognizable? Like the sun in the sky.<br />Rob is a  35-year-old North London record shop owner who never recovered from the  toughest of those five break-ups--the one that stunned him right out of  college. He knows his chosen musical genres obsessively, but no longer  quite as obsessively as his employees, the overbearing Barry and timid  Dick. The shop and his music, however, seem to make up Rob's whole world,  and he is not comfortable outside them. Nor is he happy with himself  outside of a monogamous relationship. So why (consciously or not) does he  always sabotage them? Following Rob as he seeks the answer to this question  can be hilarious and sad and rejuvenating.<br />Hornby's prose is consistently  keen of wit and often raucously funny. Because there's just so much  literature out there I want to experience, I almost never re-read books. I  read HIGH FIDELITY twice in six weeks--Nick Hornby taught me how silly I  was.
1558908498|3.0|It starts off by having a really bad plot, Neve Campbell getting stalked by two more pyscho killers, give me a break. Only one or two good scares, and a shocking ending. A real disappointment. But if you see the sequel  before  the original, then you'll probably like it.
0440211727|4.0|Like it or not, this is an exceptional first book.  Actually, it's an exceptional book period.<br />Grisham could use a little work on construction and grammar, but his ability to tell a compelling story with passion is  superb.<br />However, the reader is left with a disquieting feeling -- sure,  Carl Lee's act was understandable and maybe even justifiable; sure the  world is a better place for the elimination of the two vile rapists.  But,  do we really want to live in a society where such acts as Carl Lee's are  acceptable?  Carl Lee's action may be secularly right, but it surely is not  legal.  Furthermore, it's not moral.<br />Still, Grisham succeeds at leading  the reader to the point where such concerns must be addressed.  And,  there's no easy answer.<br />Grisham paints some great characters -- Jake,  Lucien, Buckley, Carl Lee, Gwen and Harry Rex.  But, Ro-ark should row a  boat out of the book because there's no need for her.  After all, do we  need Jake, Buckley, Lucien or Noose when we have law students as brilliant  as Ro-ark?<br />All in all, I still think this is Grisham's best work because  I can feel his passion in every word I read.
6304240562|4.0|Altough the movie starts out slow, and within the first 15 minutes you wonder if you are going to see any zombies, it is a great movie about the world being taken over by the living dead.  After watchinf Romero's Night  of the Living Dead I had to watch the sequels.  Now that I have seen this  movie I can't wait to see Day of the dead, the las t film in Romero's  trilogy.
0767821629|4.0|Great plot. A very suspenseful flick.  The actors very good.  I would recommend it if you want a twist on life as we know it. Sound Track was good.
6302814359|2.0|A total disapointment for a sequel.  I found this movie in the horror section, but it should be found in the comedy section.  Return of the living dead , while it does have it's comical moments, was full of suspence  and gore.  This dissapointing sequel lacked replaced the gore with more  comedy and poor dialog.  The worst scene was at the end where a zombie  dressed like Michael Jackson comes out doing a breakdance electrocution.
0195067142|5.0|This account by E.B. Sledge, a Marine PFC who landed on Peleliu and<br />Okinawa, details the violence and brutality of these two battles so<br />realistically that it is a disturbing and haunting book. Peleliu was<br />supposed to last 3 to 4 days, but went on for 2 months and cost the<br />Marines 1,262 dead and 5,274 wounded.  The statistics from Okinawa<br />contain a action, and 26,221 neuropsychiatric &quot;non-battle<br />casualties.&quot; At Peleliu, Sledge &quot;had tasted the bitterest<br />essence of war, the sight of helpless comrades being slaughtered, and<br />it filled me with disgust.&quot; Peleliu was a jagged coral island<br />which caused cuts and tears on contact with human flesh, and there was<br />a lot of such contact.  &quot;It was almost impossible to dig a<br />protective foxhole in the rock.&quot; Once inland one's senses were<br />overwhelmed by the sight and smell of corpses filled with maggots,<br />human excrement on top of coral everywhere, dysentery, rotting<br />American and Japanese rations, huge flies, knee deep mud, rainstorms,<br />tropical oven heat, snapping bullets, and exploding shells.  More than<br />once Sledge saw a Marine slide down a ridge into rotting Japanese<br />corpses to find himself covered with maggots and vomiting from the<br />smell. Peleliu was an &quot;assault into hell;&quot; the landscape<br />&quot;hell's own cesspool.&quot; After the landing, with Marines<br />suffering from heat prostration, even the water came from hell --it<br />came in old oil drums, and the oil residue caused the troops to retch<br />in the broiling sun. When Sledge sees his comrades cutting gold teeth<br />from the Japanese--some while they are still alive--he is disgusted<br />and sickened.  But war, Sledge notes, made savages of them all, and<br />one day Sledge finds himself bending over a Japanese corpse with a<br />knife to cut out gold teeth.  A corpsman tries to dissuade him, first<br />with one argument and then another, finally succeeding by pointing out<br />the threat from germs involved.  Relentlessly, Sledge and his comrades<br />move steadily forward, forward into the &quot;meat grinder,&quot;<br />losing more and more men to injury and death, the grim<br />&quot;inevitable harvest.&quot; The sight of dead Marines who had been<br />tortured and mutilated by the Japanese hardens Sledge and his comrades<br />against the enemy.  Sledge tells of the terror of walking across an<br />open field facing Japanese machine gun fire while at the same time<br />receiving friendly fire from the rear from a Marine tank.  But there<br />was something &quot;Artillery is hell,&quot; and of all the terrors,<br />&quot;the terror and desperation endured under heavy shelling are by<br />far the most unbearable.&quot; Sledge learned to steer clear of any<br />and all second lieutenants, who invariably did not know what they were<br />doing and were highly dangerous to the troops.  Sledge made two<br />amphibious landings on Peleliu and one on Okinawa.  The rule<br />recognized among the troops was that if you made more than two<br />landings you had used up your luck.  Even so, Sledge was one of less<br />than 10 in his company of 235 men to escape alive and<br />unwounded--thereby beating the &quot;mathematics of death.&quot;<br />(&quot;Statistically,&quot; Sledge tells us, &quot;the infantry units<br />had suffered l50 per cent casualties in the two campaigns.&quot;)<br />Dr. Sledge, who is now a college biology professor, writes: &quot;War<br />is brutish, inglorious and a terrible waste.  Combat leaves an<br />indelible mark on those who are forced to endure it.  The only<br />redeeming factors were my comrades' incredible bravery and their<br />devotion to each other.&quot; From Sledge's viewpoint, Peleliu and<br />Okinawa were very close battles.  His experience showed him that the<br />success of the Marines was grounded on their discipline, esprit de<br />corps, tough training, the abilityto depend on one's comrades, and<br />boot camp, which developed an expectation to excel, even under<br />stress. Of all the books on combat, this ranks in the very highest<br />tier. Reading it is an experience--a new and terrible experience--of<br />what Marine infantrymen went through during and after an amphibious<br />landing in the Pacific in World War II.  Without Marines like<br />Dr. Sledge, who put their arms and legs and lives on the line in these<br />savage battles, history would have taken a far different course.  I,<br />for one, am profoundly grateful for what he and his comrades did, and<br />want to thank him for what he endured.  We owe him and his comrades<br />more than we realize.and after an amphibious landing in the Pacific in World War II.  Without Marines like Dr. Sledge, who put their arms and legs and lives on the line in these savage battles, history would have taken a far different course.  I, for one, am profoundly grateful for what he and his comrades did, and want to thank him for what he endured.  We owe him and his comrades more than we realize.
6304508611|3.0|After watching the sequel, The Rage: Carrie 2, I had to watch this movie to see if it impressed me as much as the sequel did.  While neither rank among the scary movies of all times, both, this movie and it's sequel, kept  my eyes glued to the screen to see what happened next.
0767802659|5.0|I am from Germany and we had the fascists 60 years ago, I know how to make a satire about fascists, and Starship Troopers is a Satire. It is a movie from a european director, Paul Verhoeven is born in the Netherlands, so he has the typical european humour, we cant laugh about typical american comedians, you cant laugh about our jokes. Paul Verhoeven has made one of  the best movies about war, sure you have to look for messages, but this is  typical european, we dont like it if a movie is too easy, we like  difficult movies...
6305627347|5.0|Having only watched South Park since July of 1999,  I wasn't sure what to expect except calling Cartman a fat ---.  I was laughing the whole time the movie was playing in the theatre.  I loved the fact that they made this  movie a musical.  right after i saw it, i went and purchased the movie  soundtrack.  My two favorite songs are , &quot;What Would Brian Boitano  Do(which was skated to on BB's Holiday On Ice Show), and &quot;Kyle's  Mom...&quot;.<br />Fans of South Park will appreciate this movie immensely.   Much laughs.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is so incredibly and for sure is my most favorite CD ever.  After I bought it all my friends went out and got it, they simply replied they, \\"had to have it!\\"  This was the first Red Hot Chili Peppers CD I had  bought, and now I'm going to order the rest of them! RHCP totally rocks!
B00000BIHD|5.0|Bookends is one of the best examples of Simon &amp; Garfunkel's studio prowess and Paul Simon's songcraft.  From &quot;Bookends Theme&quot; to &quot;At The Zoo,&quot; the entire CD flows and has a vitality that is  unmistakable.<br />Thanks to Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs, the CD is now  available in best-ever sound from the original twin-track masters.  Subtle  nuances in the recordings become crystal clear, much better than any  previous CD issues (and, for that matter, all cassette and LP  releases).<br />Also, MoFi went to the trouble of reproducing - in miniature -  the poster that was bundled with the orginal LP release.
0385474547|4.0|A must-read for any history student studying the clash of cultures. Also a quick, interesting book for the casual reader. If you look beyond plot and study the theme, there are some similarities to the movie &quot;Passage to  India.&quot; While the movie's Dr. Aziz and the book's Okonkwo are vastly  different, both works deal with the effects of the meeting between native  values and English colonialism.
B000031WD9|5.0|This was clearly a laugh at the end of my stressful Friday. I enjoyed it so much I would see it again (if I liked watching movies twice) I highly recommend it for a good laugh and to reminence back on your  &quot;early&quot; years. Great Movie and I give it 2 Thumbs up!
B00000JZC4|4.0|If you are like me and enjoy creative lyrics and loads of guitar oriented progressive rock then Filter's latest is for you.<br />I was left wanting more from Filter's first album &quot;Short Bus&quot;: kinda' boring.  Not so is  &quot;Title of Record&quot;.  This album is packed with catchy guitar and  drum lines and lyrics which are soleful and worth contemplating.<br />I would  recommend this album to anyone who enjoys progressive, cutting edge rock.
B000001ZS8|5.0|Un entretenido y muy creativo collage de sonidos y samplers. Con este disco, Jarr reimpulsa su expresin electrnica dndole nuevos bros y velocidades que , aunque el disco tenga ms de dcada y media, te har  viajar rpidamente por un mgico universo de colores y personajes de  distintas culturas apenas cierres los ojos. No lo pienses ms, cmpralo y  Buen viaje!
0767802659|5.0|No stranger to the nuances of speculative fiction as seen through the camera lens, Paul Verhoeven throws controversy into most of his productions, including the increased violence of Robocop and the  continually questioned reality of Total Recall. Starship Troopers is no  exception to this trend, creating a very distinctive schism in film  criticism between those who saw it as an endorsement of a pro-military  stance and those who consider it to be a wry attack on the ideas it  purports. Both groups keyed in on the visual appeal of the film and formed  their opinions based on their perceptions of audience reaction. In choosing  to adapt Robert Heinlein's 1959 novel, Verhoeven creates a film which  manages to simultaneously negotiate the controversy and add to it.   Verhoeven concentrates on the visual pleasures inherent in this future of  killing, raiding the casts of various soap operas (and linking the thrill  of viewed combat with the voyeurism of attractive people) for his  characters to exemplify the portrayal of killing the enemy as a glamorous  occupation in most war films. As an intelligent satire of war films, the  dialogue is filled with ironic machismo that implicates media from WWII era  recruitment films (both US and German) to coverage by CNN. Through the  &quot;breaking news&quot; appearing in the film, Verhoeven plays with the  societal changes as speculated by Heinlein, or what Heinlein called &quot;a  democracy in which the poll tax is putting in a term of voluntary  service--which could be as a garbage collector.&quot; While the troopers  are out there cleaning up the galaxy, Verhoeven deliberately invokes Nazi  imagery - including copying shot compositions from Leni Riefenstahl's  Triumph of Will and World War II newsreels like Prelude to War - as an  integrated part of the film's microcosm; the attainment of this bright  future is not without a hidden cost. Verhoeven throws the audience  headfirst into Starship Troopers without defusing any of the controversial  landmines which pepper the different layers of this seductive  dystopia.<br />Perhaps only echoes of the novel's controversial political  subtext have survived, and yes, the film may occasionally falter as social  satire as the &quot;two parts ultra-violence&quot; component of Verhoeven's  film formula is overamped and coupled with the fascistic imagery; even one  of the film's producers, Jon Davison, has referred to the veteranocracy of  Starship Troopers as a &quot;fascist utopia&quot;, which has to be one of  the boldest representations of a future world ever filmed. As a cheeky  futuristic hybrid of Saved by the Bell and The Green Berets, the snippets  from the recruiting videos and news bulletins (deftly used in the previous  film Robocop) show that Verhoeven has dished up a &quot;really tasty&quot;  (in a Naked Lunch fashion) propaganda period piece for the American film  system using many of its own World War II conceits. Taking a different turn  from the &quot;combat science fiction&quot; so adroitly exemplified in  Cameron's Aliens, Starship Troopers invites discussion of the imagery and  military/political rhetoric laden in the film.  Goebbel himself perceived  the weakness of propaganda in the face of education, as evidenced through  his speech at the Berlin Krolloper in 1937 where he said, &quot;At the  moment that propaganda is recognized as such it becomes  ineffective.&quot;<br />As for the DVD treatment, this is a first-class disc,  loaded to the brim with lots of amazing extras.  Pay particular attention  to Verhoeven's commentary as you watch the film.  The additional materials  will give you an interesting insight into the world of cinema.  In terms of  technical specifications, the 5.1 Dolby sound will rock the foundations of  your house, and the quality of the transfer is one of the best I've seen  (the CGI looks amazing).  A superb film, both in terms of technical prowess  and content.
0790729687|5.0|I grew up reading the vampire chronicles. They were the very first books I read and I still read them on a regular basis.<br />The film didn't capture the book very well, but as a stand alone piece it was absolutly amazing.  Cruise captured lestats personality pretty well but not as good as he could  have. Pitt, Banderas, and Slater give expected preformances. Claudia, the  name of the actress eludes me but, her preformance is the best in the movie  and one of the best I have ever seen.<br />If your looking for a slashem up,  don't turn on the lights horror movie go else where. This movie isn't a  horror movie it deal with human morals through an inhuman medium.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is the definition of high tech visual effects.  Many of the stunts and actions performed in the movie have to be seen to be believed.  The performances of the actors and actresses in the film are also  sensational.  <br />     The entire concept of the movie is as radical as the  special effects contained in the movie.  I don't want to give anything away  but take my word for it &quot;The Matrix&quot; really gives you a chill  with the situation it proposes for humanity. <br />     I highly recommend  viewing this film if you haven't already, and if you have well you know  what I am talking about and should probably watch it again.
B00000K19E|5.0|It's probably not the best acted and probably not gonna get an Oscar nod either, but &quot;The Matrix&quot; is one of the funnest movies of the year. You don't have to be a computer geek or a sci-fi fan (I'm not either  one) to enjoy it. My only drawback is that I didn't get to see it in  theaters 'cuz I'm just a little under age. For that matter I don't see why  it's rated &quot;R&quot;. It dosn't really have anything bad. It's got  violence, but all they're really fighting are computer images, and it  dosn't even say the &quot;F&quot; word. It's original and I'd recomend it  to 15+.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am 33 years old and have listened to Metallica ever since I saw them in the battle of the bands in LA at the PVA (Pomona Valley Auditorium) in around 1982-83 (I think?)   I have every single album they have ever  produced.  BUT this album is my FAVORITE!   That's right.  MY FAVORITE!    (Right next to Ride the Lightning and the Black Album)  There is a reason  for this.   The absolute skill of Hetfield, the way he is able to weave the  music of the Orchestra together with the pounding of Metallica.  I get  chills just thinking about it.....    BUY THIS ALBUM! <br />Oh and don't  listen to people who say that Metallica has sold out....  Metallica just  grown up.   People who say that Metallica has sold out are just afraid of  growing up..... :-P  The sign of a mature group is the ability to branch out  and still sound F**KING FANTASTIC!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I got this album for the HIT single 'Smooth', and ever since I listened to it the first time, I wasn't able to get my CD player off 'Repeat'.. I didn't get a chance to listen to the rest of the album - I love this song  too much to let go! ;-)
6304196784|5.0|This movie compared how American and Brits see each other.  This movie is so hilarious throughout, it is impossible to pin down a single best scene.  Kline much deserved his Oscar, from Otto (it means Eight) to Harvey  Manfrengensin. I can't imagine a more hilarious way of getting rid of a  witness.
B00001OH7N|5.0|I have owned this album for 15 years and still listen to it frequently despite my frequent changes in taste.  This album set the stage for Ziggy Stardust yet never achieved the notariety until the Nirvana cover.  Width  of a Circle still stands out in my mind as one of the greatest rock tracks  ever.
B00000JCOV|5.0|These are artists who dont care about image and dont rely on what they look like to make people like them, they dont even care if people like them,they just care about their dream to produce emotion and aggression in  a way which captures and release their personal demons in a rhapsody of  frenzied guitar riffs with bass underlying and waiting to creep out among  the bleeding samples and scratches.Slipknot makes you have an energy rush  like youve never known, its aggressive and confident tone makes you want to  take on the world.No other artists can express their hates and loves in a  more graphic way,Get it.
B000000I0G|5.0|I remember this album from when I was just 13 yrs old.  To find it here and listen to the samples just confirms what I always knew.  This album is the best.  The music and variety, the affect it has on you and the  association with the sounds you will never forget.  Get this album and in  14 yrs you will feel the same as I do now 14 yrs later!   I am the  happiest to have found Mike Oldfield again.
B000000I0I|5.0|Mike Oldfield was one of my greatest discoveries, when I was a teenager (now I'm 30 and still listen to him). The first contact with &quot;Ommadawn&quot; for me was a section, extract from final on Part 1,  featured on his 1985's &quot;The Complete/Live Side&quot; - for me, this  section is still one of Mike's best peaces ever made, although he's made  more than 30 albums so far. In those years, his longplays were very hard to  find, but I was lucky to got his &quot;Boxed&quot; anthology at the  beginning of 90's. Wow! what an album! Immediately after that, I bought a  CD, because it's just been realesed in my country. Today, &quot;Ommadawn  Part One&quot; is regularly in my CD-player at least once a month. For  those who are about to take steps into Mike's music, I highly recommend  this album as a typical for his earlier works ('73 Tubular Bells, '74  Hergest Ridge and '77 Incantations) - although these albums have a similar  structure, they are all unique in a way. &quot;Ommadawn&quot; is a  wonderful mix of ethno, pop-rock and symphonyc music, built on three or  four simple melodies, which reaches the climax at the end of Part 1.  Accompanied by female, male and children choirs (Penrhose kids from the  Manor, where this album was recorded), this peace brought me to places I've  never been before, even with his music. Every time I think of this record,  the word POWER comes to my mind. It really is powerfull and if you'll  listen to the final section of Part 1, when screaming guitars, african  drums and choir explode together in a total climax, you'll know what I  mean. For those who are familiar with his later works: a drum patern, used  at the end of Part 1, was included later on his &quot;Far above the  clouds&quot; peace from &quot;Tubular Bells 3&quot;, combined together with  bass-patern from &quot;Tubular Bells 1&quot;. It is great, but for me, it  could not reach &quot;Ommadawn&quot; because of the simple reason: this  record was made in 1975 and I couldhardly imagine the reflection and  influence it had in those times. &quot;Ommadawn&quot; is often said to be  the best Mike's fans record, along with &quot;Amarok&quot; and I very much  agree with them. Today, I am very much disappointed with his latest  &quot;Millennium Bell&quot; album, because someone who has written such a  masterpiece as &quot;Ommadawn&quot; could have done much better! So: one of  the albums of the century.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah's Mirrorball is an absolute inspiration. The melodies and her soothing voice melt together perfectly. Her musical genius and talent shine brightly in this masterpiece. I play this CD 3 times through when I listen  to it!
6303394000|5.0|I saw the movie originally when it was shown on T.V., my two girls also watched. (Even tho they did not understand parts of it, thank goodness!) I rate the film 5-STARS. The dancing is absolute Fosse, it cannot be mistaken  for anyone else. The scenery, the costumes, the acting are all first  rate!  I am now ordering the video so I will be able to view it over and  over. There is always some thing new and wonderful to discover
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage's first album, and Rage's best album. A clearly defined political message, excellent in-your-face tempo, and the best guitar work in the second half of the nineties. &quot;Evil Empire&quot; was great, to be sure,  but it just didn't seem as inspired to me, and &quot;The Battle of Los  Angeles&quot; is a mediocre performance on their part. If you want to hear  the best Rage Against The Machine around, then you should pick up this  album. Definetely. What are you still doing reading this? Go buy it... now!
B000001ELD|2.0|Gene Simmons, the sex maniac, the Demon, the punisher of the four string bass guitar, the man with the voice that's an echo in hell's cave. Yes we all know and love him.....So what the hell is this? Two stars are given for  two songs, Radioactive and Livin' in Sin. The album starts off with  Radioactive, a demonic laugh, then some spooky opera singers or something,  then the opening chords. It's the only rocker on the album, and it doesn't  really rock all that much. Livin' in Sin is a song I'd expect from Gene. In  love with his ego and his countless encounters in hotels while on tour. The  rest of the album is pitiful and sad. We've all heard time and again how  Gene never drank or did drugs, after this album, I wonder. 'When you wish  upon a star'? You'll wretch. The back of the album reads like a who's who  though, Joe Perry, Katey Sagal, Cher, etc. Gene and Paul never game a damn  about the 78 solo albums, they only agreed to it to keep Peter and Ace in  the band and keep them happy. It's obvious here his lack of effort. A very  sad album that will leave you looking down at your feet and shaking your  head.
B000000993|5.0|When I started listening to Tool, I did it for all the wrong reasons. I was into Marilyn Manson, and I thought they seemed like him, and so I liked them too. They're not at all. This album is extremely well done. You can  feel the emotion in the lyrics, the guitar riffs are excellent, and this  album, as well as the other 2, have a clear message and a clear theme. This  one is better than Aenima, as you can listen to the whole thing a lot  easier than you can with Aenima... With Aenima they had long  &quot;songs&quot; that consist of odd ambient sounds and samplings... which  is okay, but I get tired of that kind of thing. This is much more  vocal-filled, and the whole CD is absoloutely fantastic. Be sure to pick  this one up if you're not afraid of a bit darker theme.
B00000I952|4.0|ravaged by the second divorce and plagued by a feeling of intertia from too much success, dancin' and jivin' has since been replaced by being dignified and not being too old for sex. yes, the antiseptic swedish foursome, mentioning the \\"s\\" word. ever wondered how it got to the u.s. top 30 and got away with it? Olivia Newton John wasn't as lucky - just for making \\"horizontal\\" hints, the record was banned in some states...<br /><br />trivia aside, this album departs from the carefree attitude typical of past releases. the songs are longer and more intropective, the divorces of both couples obviously coloring the lyrics of some songs (\\"one of us\\" and \\"when all is said and done\\"). some tracks also reflect the direction benny andersson and ulvaeus were headed for after the group's break up(i let the music speak, like an angel and soldiers), which took away all motivation for the group to ever record again: the musicals.<br /><br />technically, this has got to be their worst. on close listen, one would hear some hums and electronic buzz at the beginning of \\"slipping thru my fingers\\" and \\"like an angel passing thru my room\\". quite ironic since this is supposed to be a digital recording.
0385484518|5.0|I have read &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; 3 times in the last year, and each reading has the same profound impact on my soul.  Morrie's strength and courage in the face of adversity should inspire everyone to live their  life to the fullest.  Yes, sometimes the messages are &quot;cliche and  trite&quot; as some other reviewers have said, but they are messages that  the human race needs to hear over and over again.  They are gentle  reminders of how we should treat eachother and ourselves - with compassion,  love, encouragement, hope, forgiveness, adventure, and empathy.  How  fortunate we are that Morrie permitted Mitch to share the &quot;final  lesson&quot; with all of us.  I can only hope that we aren't to cynical and  self-absorbed to toss it aside.  I highly suggest this book to anyone with  the ambition to make themself a better person and the world a better place.
B0000024K1|5.0|Public Enemy's sophomore album is the greatest hip-hop album ever released. Hip-hop changed when Run-DMC debuted. It changed when NWA released Straight Outta Compton. But the album that had the biggest impact  on the music was It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back. Public  Enemy rapped to change the thinking of others. Hard-edged political lyrics,  backed with chaotic beats hard enough to crush concrete. The production by  The Bomb Squad was completly unlike anything heard before. Hard breakbeats,  apocalyptic noises and funky James Brown-samples. They even sampled rock on  &quot;She Watch Channel Zero! &quot;, which Limp Bizkit should listen to.  Public Enemy were pioneers in hip-hop, and arguably the most influential  group in the late 80's and the early 90's. This is as close as you get to a  perfect hip-hop album.
6305537798|5.0|I must say, I was almost not even going to see this movie at first in the theater, because it looked like another one of those sex-based drug-using teen movies. Luckily, my friend dragged me into seeing it, and I loved it!  It's not the typical depressing teenage movie that seems to be ruling the  scene lately (a la &quot;Carrie 2,&quot; &quot;Jawbreaker,&quot;Wild  Things,&quot; etc.) and is a really nice change of pace. The characters,  especially Kat Stradford, are real and easy to relate to, and the bond  between Patrick and Kat is both believable and heartwarming. I recommned to  all to see this movie and then buy the slammin' soundtrack!
6305657947|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT.  I'm a huge fan of the classic romantics, and feel that this is up there with the best.  I'm also a huge fan of Pierce, he reminded me of the greats: Cary Grant, Rock Hudson, Cesear Romero and Tom  Bosley.  I have to warn people, Rene has some risky scenes (I would just  fast forward through them).  Dennis Leary is a genius, he actually stole  some scenes when he's on the screen with a coffee maker.
078322608X|1.0|The French soundtrack is a Canadian dub, thanks to Amazon.com for saying at present (it was not the case when I ordered it, but that's a real improvement on the site). The Canadian soundtrack is absolutely no Dolby  Digital 5.1 (as indicated on the box and most of the web sites) but 2.0  Dolby Digital surround. If these are your main criterias for buying the  Zone 1 version of &quot;12 Monkeys&quot;, you're gonna be really  disappointed folks ! <br />Conclusion : I bought the Zone 2 DVD as well,  containing the English DD 5.1 and French (real French....) DD 5.1 and it  can't stand the comparison even if a bit more expensive.
B00000064G|5.0|It's a bit ironic that it took a VW commercial to get Nick Drake on the collective American radar screen.  When I first heard the Nick Drake snippet on TV, I was repelled that this hidden treasure had been sonically  manhandled in some ever-so-hip advertising campaign.  But, on second  thought, reading that his posthumous sales have jumped 400% meant one  thing:  Many more people are going to find out about and listen to the sad,  lonely, long-deceased musicial genius from England.  His body of work is  slight in volume but substantial in the pleasures that it yields.....year,  after year, after year.<br />What does he have that's in such short supply  today? 1.) A voice that rings like pure crystal and  carries more  authenticity than 1,000 of today's shlockily melodramatic divas.  2.)  Lyrics that speak to each listener individually...even if adolescent angst  is long past. 3.)  Impeccable, sparse, spot-on arrangements.  (Remember, he  emerged in the midst of psychedelia and concept albums, but he never  succumbed to indulgences of any sort.)  4.)  A collection of perfectly  attuned sidemen, including the ever awesome but, with Nick Drake, utterly  restrained Richard Thompson. <br />Get the 4-CD box set, which includes the  three completed albums and a collection of out-takes and demos.  On that  volume--Time of No Reply--have a late-night listen to Black-Eyed Dog.  It's  not light listening, but it's a song from an artist who went right up to  the abyss, looked long and hard into the darkness, and sang of what he saw.   All the Sturm und Drang of dozen overhyped bands like Limp Bizkit and Korn  can't touch it.<br />Nothing's going to bring him back or add to his body of  work--which is our loss.  But, if VW helps to increased the ranks of the  converted--So Be It!  Nick Drake is the real item.
B00000J2PH|5.0|songs like you've got a friend,it's too late&amp;so far away are timeless.the album itself is well written&amp;produced.it's the genius of carole king.she has a way with words.this is a must have.
0425129608|4.0|Agatha Christie seems fascinated with the eternal love triangle plot (usually a husband, a wife, and a mistress); she uses it again and again in her books.  Here we have a devoted couple; the husband is distracted by a  grasping beauty, and murder ensues.  Christie's handling of this theme is  always sure-footed (possibly due to the breakup of her own first marriage  due to a philandering husband); here she takes these commonplace elements  and twists them to produce an end result that will lift the reader out of  his chair.  There are, perhaps, more exciting Christies, but this is quite  satisfying and interesting.  After all, the lady wrote a tremendous number  of books and short stories; they can't all be her &quot;best.&quot;  See  how many different variations on this theme Christie was capable of in  &quot;Five Little Pigs,&quot; &quot;Death On the Nile,&quot; &quot;Towards  Zero,&quot; and &quot;The Hollow,&quot; in which the triangle is more of a  square, with four sides instead of three.
B000002GVZ|5.0|a very talented artist.she not only was a good songwriter but also a solid singer.your'e so vain is timeless.a must have.
071371705X|5.0|This book is excellent for beginners who want to toy with the idea of building their own hand-made custom electric guitar. It is very descriptive with tons of pictures. He shows you the easiest way to make 3 styles of  guitar with plenty of do's and don'ts. There is also lots of background  info on the guitar industry's hottest brands and models. I feel this is the  very best book you can get on the subject. I made my first guitar using  this book and it sounds and looks great thanks to Mr. Hiscock's help. Th  cool part is that I only 15.
B000035Z3K|4.0|This disc is both a wonder (primarily) and a disappointment (secondarily).<br />Since the disappointments are minor, I'll get them over with. These all have to do with the original English-language version of  the film (there are several versions on this disc).<br />First, the video's  fine, with the tolerable allowances one must make for a film of this  vintage, putting up with the speckles, particles, and other artifacts. But  the audio bothered me. It's not terrible, but the problem is that computer  &quot;noise reduction&quot; was employed on this film to eliminate most of  the extraneous sounds. This works fine when no one is speaking, and since  the film has almost no music, it isn't a problem for most of the  non-dialogue portions. HOWEVER, there's also a lot of speech in the film,  and because noise-reduction could not be used on the dialogue without  compromising the sound, the result is that when anyone talks the background  noise rises, falling away sharply after the speech ends.  Perhaps this  won't bother many people, but it bothered me, and I'd really have preferred  it if they'd let the sound alone (as Universal did, for the most part, on  the DVD of &quot;Frankenstein&quot;).<br />Another problem with the  noise-reduction is that, intentionally or not, the process actually deleted  a couple audio elements of the film. Again, these are somewhat minor, but  they miffed me (in a way, even more than the former phenomenon).<br />The  first deletion occurs during the London theatrical sequence, where four of  the characters are on a balcony enjoying a show. No need to bore with  details, but there's music during this sequence, and toward the end of it,  just after  Bela Lugosi intones &quot;There are worse things awaiting man ...  than ... death,&quot; you're supposed to hear a saturnine snippet of  Schubert's &quot;8th Symphony.&quot; But you don't, and it's very obvious  that the noise-reduction eliminated it as if it were a &quot;defect.&quot;  That's carrying technology too far, and it's especially irksome here  because the music has a message: it's supposed to serve as a  &quot;coda&quot; to Lugosi's ominous words, as well as a lead-in to the  sinister events that follow.  <br />The second erasure occurs later in the  film, where Van Helsing is trying to diagnose Mina Harker's weird dream.  She's sitting on a couch, with Edward Van Sloan (Van Helsing) leaning  toward her from a chair. At one point Jonathan Harker steps up to  intervene, and Van Helsing chides him, saying &quot;Please, please, Mr.  Harker.&quot; At least, that's what he's supposed to say. But only the  first syllable of the name comes through, so it becomes &quot;Mr.  Hark.&quot; Again, not a large glitch, but enough to bug anyone who's seen  this film many times. <br />Apart from the above faults, I have nothing but  praise for this disk, and that's Praise with a capital P. David J. Skal,  who wrote and directed the 35-minute documentary, &quot;The Road to  Dracula,&quot; offers us many tidbits on the original Stoker novel, the  various stage and screen adaptations preceding the Lugosi version, and even  some comments on the producer (Carl Laemmle, Jr.), director (Tod Browning),  and cinematographer (German migr, Karl Freund).  Skal is not only a  first-rate scholar in the horror genre (which anyone who's read his book  &quot;Hollywood Gothic&quot; already knows), but has an excellent speaking  delivery and manages to capture our attention in a scholarly, but never  dry, manner. This comes through on his play-by-play commentary on the film,  as well as on &quot;Road.&quot; <br />Then there's the newly-scored version of  &quot;Dracula,&quot; the new music from none other than Philip Glass (whose  scoring credits include the cult documentary &quot;Koyaanisquatsi,&quot;  among others). I had misgivings about this before I heard it, and still  have reservations, but I nevertheless believe Glass did a fine job, using  an all-string accompanimentwith many minor-key elements. The score has the  good sense to be &quot;emotional&quot; in a rather atavistic way, but  rarely calls much attention to itself. Admittedly, if you've grown up  watching a film for years with almost no music, it's a bit jarring to hear  a version like this, but I strongly suspect that the more I listen to it,  the more I'll like it. I especially admired a couple sequences (such as the  storm scene on the ship &quot;Demeter&quot;), where Glass uses pizzicato  strings in a manner almost reminiscent of Marius Constant's &quot;Twilight  Zone&quot; theme --- it's great stuff, but you have to experience it  firsthand for the full essence.<br />Finally, there's the almost-pristine  Spanish version of &quot;Dracula,&quot; filmed at the same time, and on the  same sets, as the Browning/Lugosi version. A special treat here is the  introduction by Lupita Tovar, who played Mina more than a half-century  before this version was made, and who gives us some firsthand info on the  making of the film. To me, it's always fascinating to see a  &quot;survivor&quot; from cinema's early period, who can give us an inside  scoop on what film-making was like in those days. And the film itself is  fascinating. Virtually scene-by-scene, it replicates the Browning version,  but what's interesting are the ways in which it is both superior and  inferior to the &quot;original.&quot; As Skal notes, Carlos Villarias is no  equal for Lugosi in the title role, but by contrast, the cinematography is  far more fluid and lends the film a poetic pace that the Browning version  lacks. One might be tempted to say that Karl Freund was to blame for the  pedestrian quality of the original, except that Freund was one of the  greatest cinematographers who ever lived, and was a mainstay of German  Expressionism before moving to America. No, the problem was with Browning,  who was simply &quot;uncomfortable&quot; directing talkies after handling  numerous films in the silent era.<br/>Finally, a few words about Lugosi  himself may be  in order (to return once more to the English- language  version). Whatever one could say about  the hamminess of much of his  acting, it still  meshes well with the overall Victorianism of Stoker's  tableau. Besides, the more you study his performance, the more appropriate  the studied  gestures and &quot;calculated&quot; movements seem to be  (we  are, after all, supposed to be viewing a  walking corpse). What a shame  that Lugosi, like his contemporary, Peter Lorre, rarely had much chance to  expand beyond his &quot;horror&quot; persona.
6305627401|3.0|At times this film attempted to shock by introducing swear words without reason - which I suppose is part of the appeal of South Park.  This usually works in the half hour episodes, but becomes a little tiresome after 32  minutes.  If you're a fan you will NEED to see this, but don't expect to  enjoy as much as the half hour episodes. I must say that I though the  introduction of Saddam Hussain as a homosexual was an absolute blinding  idea - Comedy Central 1 Middle East Tyrant 0.
B000000XB9|5.0|I can't say this is the greatest rock album ever because I don't know much about rock and roll.  But this is the best I have come across.  I am new to classic rock but got hooked on my first listen.  I have tried other classic  rock bands since but none of them are like CCR.  The music and lyrics are  good and simple and they sing about things other than love, girls, sex and  drugs.  It would help if someone can suggest similar kind of music here.
B00000K19E|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said - top film, top effects, top banana
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is an action packed movie filled with exciting special effects that you just have to see with your own eyes.  Its plot is intelligent and original.  It'll make your imagination go wild.  I would reccomend this  movie to teenagers, and action lovers.  Its not for young kids because  there is violence in it.
B00000K3UU|3.0|Whilst I enjoyed this film immensely, I can only assume that those reviewers who are touting it as the best film ever obviously haven't seen The Matrix or Saving Private Ryan.  I fail to understand how they could  possibly believe that this run of the mill feel good film could come close  to such future classics as The Matrix or Saving Private Ryan.
B00002RAOU|1.0|Terrible picture and audio quality on this DVD mar Bava's pioneering effort. The transfer is just the pits, I'm sorry to say, and takes away from the film's enjoyment. <br />There's rumored to be another release of this  coming from the same folks who recently released &quot;Black Sunday&quot;,  with which they did an excellent job. Wait for that, and pick up  &quot;Black Sunday&quot; or &quot;Baron Blood&quot; in the meantime.
0780624890|5.0|This film, like The Matrix, has it all - top effects, great acting and above all an interesting and fresh slant on a familiar subject - don't miss this one !
0064471047|4.0|I really liked this book. I would have given it 5 stars, but sometimes the story gets a little boring. This book will be best for people who like fairy tales with characters such as centaurs and witches (NOT the Blair Witch kind!), etc. I highly suggest you read this book. It's not very  interesting at first, but then it gets better. You need some patience with  this book but it really is good. Oh I don't like it also that Harper Trophy  didn't print the books in the right order.
B000000OPW|5.0|This CD was the beginning of the &quot;post-Punk&quot; Siouxsie sound. More Keyboards and less thrashy Steven Severin Guitars. Yet this album remains truly Gothiic in its style, tone, and lyrics. Maybe some of the  most ethereal lyrics ever in the SATB history. This Unrest, 98 degrees,  Cities in Dust,  Sweetest Thrill, and my fav.-Land's End. All excellent  stuff. Buy it you'll love it.
B00002RASO|5.0|Sergio Corbucci's DJANGO is the finest example of a spaghetti western, surpassing even Leone's Fistful of Dollars trilogy. <br />Leone's films (though certainly masterful) have a tendency to be too drawn out, too self-satisfied. They are brilliant, but they lack the raw, kinetic power of  DJango.<br />If you want to see a brutal western, the great grandfather of all  Tarantino films (Tarantino even used the ear slicing from Django for  Resevoir Dogs) check this out.<br />Django is chock-full of startling,  eye-grabbing imagry, wild camera works, and wall-to-wall brutality.<br />The  main character is an ex-civil war soldier who fought for the North who  comes into a little border town dragging a coffin behind him (what an  opening! ). It's kind of a remake of Yojimbo (as was fistfull of dollars)  with Django getting tangled up with some local baddies.<br />This is a great  film. Everything about it is first rate. Be warned, however, it was banned  in many countries for its sheer violence, and it is still hard to watch.  But if you can stomach it, check out Django!  Best spaghetti western  ever!
B00000JHAU|5.0|Not folk, not pop, Belle &amp; Sebastian is just delicate art of moving anyone by using musical instruments, hyper-tender lyrics and Stuart Murdoch ethereal voice. Their second album &quot;If You're Feeling Sinister&quot;  is all of this and, believe me, much, much more...
B000002LND|3.0|While The Immaculate Collection is a solid CD, it could have (and should have) been much better.  For one thing, the songs on this disc all sound much better on their original albums, particulary &quot;Holiday&quot; and  &quot;Lucky Star&quot; (two of my favorites)both of which were cut by two  full minutes in the included version.  If you like those songs, buy her  self-titled debut instead, as it features the complete versions of those  songs and more superb material.  The other major problem is that this  collection is woefully incomplete.  At the time of this disc's release,  Madonna had 24 hit songs(more in Europe) to her credit, but just 15 found  their way onto this disc(that's only 63%!)and the omissions include some of  her best work (&quot;Dress You Up&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Who's  That Girl&quot;, &amp; &quot;Causing a Commotion&quot;, all top 5 hits,  come to mind).  This disc really should've been released as a double-album  and featured the album versions over the QSound remixes, plus all the  omissions.  Unfortunately, If you want the best of Madonna in one place,  you'll need several CDs plus a blank tape.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This movie has a lot of face. You can laugh and cry. It's very interesting and it contains a lot of current truths.
6302548195|5.0|I got a chance to see this movie a while back..  it really made me motivated towards the field of weightlifting...   I have been trying for months to get a copy of this..  If anyone has an extra or knows anybody  please email me...psk21@hotmail.com
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I put in &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; and reminded myself that just because I love one album by an artist doesn't mean that I'll love them all. <br />But by the time &quot;Paper Bag&quot; ended, I was hooked! Fiona Apple  has put out a playful, soulful CD that's perfect turned low for mood music  or cranked up at high volume. There's not a low point on this CD. I  absolutely love it.
068484267X|2.0|I must be the only person in America who does not like this book.  I was only able to read about and half and 4 children died!  Frank McCourt is a beautiful and honest writer, however, the tale is so grim I wasn't able to  finish it.  There were too many victims and too much sickness in this book  for me to enjoy it.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Outstanding, intelligent action-drama flick finds Pacino and De Niro squaring off against each other in a game of cat-and-mouse.  Entire supporting cast is brilliant.  Extremely well-developed characters by  writer/director Mann.  Soundtrack is also spectacular.  Widescreen  anamorphic DVD is great, but is lacking in features.  Still worth the  purchase.
0790733226|5.0|Unlike the many alien movies of this century, this movie manages to deliver an alternate vision of what our contact with different beings could be like. A truly terrific film that really delivers; I absolutely loved it.  The DVD version is good, but would be great if it included a Dolby Surround  2.0 track.
6304056958|5.0|Having played 657 performances on the New York stage and been translated into 10 languages, Clare Boothe's famed comedy, THE WOMEN was inevitably made into a movie - with considerable changes in the process. Apart from the rather unneccesary addition of the fashion show - which at once impedes the story and advertised Hollywood's bad taste in clothes (here, anyway) it remains a highly entertaining (and rather unique) film. As a narrative, THE WOMEN relates the sad case of a well-disposed and intelligent young matron (played by the 39 year-old Norma Shearer) who loses her husband to a chippy, retrieves him by resorting to the predatory tactics conventional among her friends...........As a satire, it scathingly derides the conduct of useless, metropolitan females. As social document, it reveals, with horrifying realism, the workings of such heretofore neglected 20th century phenomena as the Reno dude ranch and the deluxe beauty shop. With not one male in the whole cast, this movie is a hoot from start to finish! Norma Shearer is cast as Mary Haines, the nice woman who's husband has cheated; Rosalind Russell is a riot as the foul Sylvia Fowler, and Crawford scored a triumph as bitchy Crystal Allen, the slick shopgirl whom Stephen Haines has interest in. Paulette Goddard is a beautiful lynx and she's fun; zesty and modern in her playing. Mary Boland is a hoot as the she's always looking for \\"l'amour\\" (in real life she never married!) Classic line from the countess: \\"Give me a bromide. And put some gin in it!\\" Joan Fontaine is the essence of sweet simplicity and Marjorie Main is her usual kick as Lucy who runs the Dude Ranch (the scene in which she sings is rather obvious, loud and annoying, in my opinion) Norma Shearer, for some obscure reason, is an actress which is rarely seen on television, but her acting was quite good and she's surprisingly modern and natural in her playing. Crawford and Shearer, ironically, were rivals in real life (for plum MGM movie roles in thethirties - Crawford's once-famous crack: \\"How can I compete with Norma? She sleeps with the boss!\\" (referring to her husband Irving Thalberg, who died in 1937) - contained some sarcasm and perhaps bitterness - which surely added to their very effective characterisations!
B00000ICD9|5.0|This is a powerful movie that really packs a wollup! The emotional performances receive 4 out of 5 stars, while the effects are truly stupendous. The visions of the different levels of hell give the viewer a  sense that hell is not only fire and burning. Hell is your life gone wrong.  The DVD version of this film is terrific, full of special features. The  Dolby Surround track is greatly mastered, with sound shooting out from  every speaker. If you love Robin Williams, this is for you!
0800177177|5.0|I, personally, consider &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot; to be the greatest movie of all time.  Gary Oldman gives a wonderful performance as Dracula.  Perhaps my favorite scene is when Dracula's brides drink Jonathan  Harker's(Keanu Reeves') blood, if not when Keanu Reeves falls into the  river and, unfortunately, doesn't meet the same fate as Dracula's 15th  century bride Elisabeta.  Everything about the movie was great(for the most  part) even though it is not identical to Bram Stoker's novel.  But, if you  think about it, there has never been a Dracula film that has been  completely true to the book.  The historical facts are a welcome difference  to previous films.  Perhaps, one day, we'll see a Dracula film that is both  historically accurate and loyal to the book, though that may never be done  because the book itself is not historically accurate.  Until some  miracle-worker comes along that is able to produce such a film, I highly  recommend that you take the time, if you haven't already done so, to rent  or buy &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot; and watch it as much as possible.
6305358613|5.0|Elizabeth is a gripping drama that gives to its audience not only the life story of the first queen of England, Elizabeth, but also the traumatic decisions and choices that she made in order to keep her country together.  Chock-full of haunting melodies by a great composer, filled with themes of  love, hate, and treason, this one will definitely please anyone who has a  passion for historical dramas. The DVD version is a hit: audio commentary  about each scene gives a wonderful explanation of many underlying themes,  the Dolby tracks are stupendous, and the images are clear, crisp and fresh.  Cate Blanchett delivers a powerful performance, as does Joseph Fiennes and,  as always, Geoffrey Rush. Rent it, buy it, whatever you do--- enjoy!
B00001XT76|5.0|I would recommend this to any guy that wants to sit down and watch a 'girly' movie with his date.
0792139771|5.0|This movie is absolutely wonderful, full of brutal depictions of hand-to-hand combat, tears and kisses, love and passion, freedom and strength. Mel Gibson has done a truly terrific job in depicting what is  said to be one of the greatest stands ever taken in history. The  performances are truly believable, as are the battle scenes. And to all of  you who wish that this movie would come out on DVD, it will be released on  DVD in May of 2000.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|IT'S JUST BAD, although I do get a kick out of listening to the limitations of her voice every time she tries to hit a high note. Perhaps that's why they teamed her with Marc Anthony on &quot;No Me Ames,&quot;  where his voice draws attention away from her. As for the song, &quot;Let's  Get Loud,&quot; I find it hard to believe that Gloria Estefan meant for  that song to get recorded, unless it was a practical joke on  Jennifer...note to Jennifer, there's an &quot;s&quot; in the word  &quot;gusta,&quot; so you don't pronounce it &quot;gu'ta.&quot;  It's sad  to see such a bad role model for Latinas. You can wrap her up in Channel,  Gucci, or Prada, but she's still a tired street girl.
B0000089NT|5.0|I looked for TODAY! in almost every record store I went into, and wound up buying a used cassette copy. There is no reason why TODAY should be out of print in Capitol's domestic catalog. The company spends way to much time  re-hashing the early surf material on waste-basket compliations, than  allowing listeners the enjoyment of hearing the innovative creations Brian  Wilson made. TODAY! is almost as good as PET SOUNDS. Its a consistent and  enjoyable album, and its essential for any Beach Boys fan or a collector of  great music. Not a single track on this album is anything less than  excellent. Gems like &quot;Please Let Me Wonder&quot;, &quot;When I Grow  Up&quot;, &quot;Kiss Me Baby&quot;, &quot;Help Me Rhonda&quot;, and  &quot;Do You Wanna Dance&quot; are some of the album's best and most  notable tracks. &quot;Kiss Me Baby&quot; comes complete with the classic  harmonies, and is one of my favorite Beach Boys songs. The song was on the  original BEST OF album, but Capitol has ignored it on the two GREATEST  HITS: 20 (MORE) GOOD VIBRATIONS albums. &quot;Please Let Me Wonder&quot; is  every bit as advanced as the songs from PET SOUNDS. &quot;When I Grow  Up&quot; is a classic, with the perfection only Brian Wilson could manage.  The version of &quot;Do You Wanna Dance&quot; is better than the original.  &quot;Dance Dance Dance&quot; is a great uptempo tune. &quot;Good To My  Baby&quot;, &quot;I'm So Young&quot;, &quot;Don't Hurt My Little  Sister&quot;, and &quot;She Knows Me Too Well&quot; all display Brian  Wilson's musical genius, with the exceptional harmonies and outstanding  melodies. TODAY also is the beginning of The Beach Boys evolution out of  surfing and teen music to the best of pop and rock music. TODAY! is a  milestone in the pop-rock world, a classic with ten magnificent songs, all  majestically performed. The CD definately must be re-issued in domestic  print for music buyers! THIS ALBUM SHOULD BE FOUND IN THE DOMESTIC CATALOG,  AND NOT BE AN IMPORT. INSTEAD OF RE-ISSUING &quot;Surfin' USA&quot; ANOTHER  20 MILLION TIMES, BRING ALBUMS LIKE TODAY!, SMILEY SMILE, SUMMER  DAYS-SUMMER NIGHTS, ETC. BACK IN PRINT!
6302424739|5.0|When I first became a fan of Hopkins, this movie was the farthest thing from my mind.  It did not look like something that would interest me.  But I was very wrong.  The movie gets off to a slow start, but once the letters  between Hopkins and Bancroft become more frequent, it is very difficult not  to be drawn into the lives of the characters.  This is a terrific movie and  it is highly recommended.
0399143904|5.0|Hmmm, ok I'm picking up the 897 page book now and reading it, no fooling... gota finish it by tommarow.
B000002J20|3.0|Based largely on the Shastric Scriptures, composers Jon Anderson and Steve Howe created four twenty minute pieces incorporating many musical styles and influences. And although the songs contain some of the most clever and  melodious of all Yes arrangements, there is a lot of padding here. Perhaps  \\"Topographic\\" would have been better having its best moments  distilled down to a single album. This album is often held up as an example  of indulgent prog-rock excess. But darn it; I believe SOMEONE had to put  out a creation like \\"Topographic\\". Because the 1970's was about  pushing the boundaries of popular music, among other things. This album  will test you, but your patience will be ultimately rewarded.
B00002E233|3.0|I came to this movie with pretty low expectations and was pleasantly surprised.  Yes, the plot has major holes, some of the effects are chintzy, and the thing is just too damn long.  Still, the action scenes are well choreographed (especially the terrifying helicopter crash) and any movie  about killer sharks is going to press a button or two.  This one pressed  several.  Yes, Samuel L. Jackson is terrible, just as he was in The  Phantom Menace (it is rare to see an actor who is so equally capable  of brilliance and bathos), and the characters played by Saffron  Burrows and Thomas Jane, both gifted peformers, are as one-dimensional  as LL Cool J's is stereotypical.  Of the rest of the large ensemble  cast, which includes indie fixtures Michael Rappaport, Jaccqlyn  McKenzie and Aida Tuturro, few are allowed to do more than wait  their turn to be fish bait.  Of course, character development is  not the main concern here, action is and, on that count, Deep Blue Sea  works quite well.  Just don't think too hard about it and you will find an  enjoyable way to kill a couple hours.
B000002J1Y|5.0|I would choose this album as one of my desert island disks. That is because Yessongs is a document of a band at the cutting edge of it's era and the peak of it's performing powers. The sheer, almost violent energy  that leaps out of these live recordings is a thing of beauty, forever. The  material is drawn from the iconic trilogy of albums; &quot;THE YES  ALBUM&quot;, &quot;FRAGILE&quot; and &quot;CLOSE TO THE EDGE&quot;. And in  most cases the songs are rendered better than the studio versions,  particularly &quot;Siberian Khatru&quot;, &quot;Perpetual Change&quot;,  &quot;Close To The Edge&quot; and &quot;Starship Trooper&quot;. And I  should mention the blistering guitar solo Steve Howe unleashes in the  middle of &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot;. Sheesh! Those were the days!  And Jon Anderson's unique, strong and high pitched voice proves he's as  good live as in the studio. Yessongs is one of the greatest live albums  ever made, no question. And if the early seventies live recording process  wasn't perfect, the digital remastering has spruced this album up just  fine. If you're a new Yes fan, prepare for something special. I'm not  kidding.
0783221487|3.0|Really, if you want to watch this, and maybe you do, you should read at least the first two Dune books, which will give you some idea of what's going on--though, to be honest, much of what happens here seems to have sprung directly from Lynch's warped mind. It's hard to complain with the art direction and cinematography, which are astonishing, but the script tries way too much and delivers too little. A quick glance at the cast list, for instance, should clue you in to the fact that no one seems to have considered cutting even a single character from a book that comes up on 600 pages. Bad idea. Some performers, like Linda Hunt, Patrick Stewart and Virginia Madsen are given so little to do it's a wonder they agreed to appear in this at all, especially in light of the obviously uncomfortable costumes and makeup they were forced to endure. Others, like Sean Young and Sting (talk about an uncomfotable costume!), simply can't pull off dialog that's so stilted it hurts (The spice! The spice!) Only the members of the royal family, played with as much dignity as the circumstances allowed by Kyle McLachlan, Jurgen Prochnow and the beautiful Francesca Annis, make it out with pride in tact. The unauthorized, TV-only version of this IS better. While it's length is almost flabbergasting, the extra scenes and narration clear up at least a few of the convoluted antics here.
B000002J1B|4.0|After a lukewarm reception to &quot;TALES FROM TOPOGRPHIC OCEANS&quot; master keyboardist Rick Wakeman decided he'd had enough and jumped ship. The other Yes men replaced him with Swiss maestro Patrick Moraz, who  injected fresh ideas and enthusiasm into the tired band. The result was one  of the most unique albums of their long career. &quot;RELAYER&quot; has a  hard, stainless steel sheen to its sound. The 23 minute epic &quot;The  Gates Of Delirium&quot; is like nothing else created in popular music. It  starts with soft, twittering melodies and then moves with uneasy, mounting  menace into hard driving drums and bass. Steve Howe punctuates the  proceedings with spiky, fiery and unpredictable guitar playing. Then,  &quot;Delirium&quot; explodes into an orgasmic peak that concludes with the  &quot;Soon&quot; segment, arguably the most beautiful of all Yes moments  with soaring keyboards and slide guitar. The remaining two tracks are an  interesting contrast. &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; is a very heavy jazz/prog  rock blend, iced by Steve Howe's most violent ever guitar solo. The album  concludes with the gentle &quot;To Be Over&quot;, which is a real breather.  Not everyone's favourite Yes album but I guarantee it will grow on you.
B00000IPAX|5.0|For one thing, if you bought this CD with the Parental Advisory sticker on it, SHAME ON YOU, you trendy poser trying to fit in with all the pop music junkies... if you were a true blink fan, you'd have bought it when it came  out back in June (before they were on every radio and TV station and before  it was deemed Parental Advisory) Another thing, all you people thinking  that Blink sold out.. well they kinda did, but they didn't do it  themselves... their music really isn't that much different from that of  &quot;Cheshire Cat&quot; most people only heard this and Dude Ranch and  deemed b-182 sellouts for slowing it down, but it sounds similar to blink  on Cheshire Cat... Pop stations and (ugh) MTV/trl sold blink 182 out...  which is kind of good for them, because they get well-deserved money and  they are finally being recognized and all... but playing them in the same  lineup as Backstreet Boys and Ricky Martin? PLEEEEEASE! Also, I hate how  everyone thinks that they're a new band... they are NOT a new band, this is  their 4th CD (including Buddha)I hate how people only like the radio songs  on this CD (and all other CD's in general) What's My Age Again? and All the  Small Things is all most people know that are by blink 182... most people  have never even heard &quot;Dammit&quot; !  For crying out loud! That was  like the biggest song on alternative radio stations in 97/98/early '99. I  hate the bandwagon fans of blink 182... though I like the loyal true fans.  Last year I had something blink 182, everyone was asking who they were...  now I see tons of Blink 182 apparel being worn on trendy poser kids in my  school... Anywho, enough rambling.. this CD is good, but get Cheshire Cat  first... then Dude Ranch, then Enema... then get &quot;Buddha&quot; so you  can see how far they have come since that early demo.
0385040253|5.0|Simply stunning! Nearly 4,000 knots and as many illustrations fill this hefty tome. <br />Having said this do not assume that this book is heavy going - rather the contrary - Ashley writes in a light and interesting style,  interspersed with humour.<br />Every type of knot is covered - from practical  knots though decorative knots to trick knots. An assement of practicality  of each knot for specific uses is also included.<br />Add to this plenty of  history, and the classification of knots by use and occupation, and this  makes this book a must for anyone interested in knots. It is also handy for  dipping into on rainy days!
B00002E233|1.0|It's always sad when a filmmaker sacrifices a promising story over a bunch of blazing action scenes, and that's exactly what Renny Harlin has done here. In his narration he admits that virtually every scene containing any  kind of character development was deleted or trimmed for reasons of  pacing.<br />What remains is an embarrassing concoction of laughable dialogue,  crippled logic and the most phony looking computer animations I have seen  in a film. The characters are bland, uninteresting cardboard figures,  despite actors like Samuel Jackson and Stellan Skarsgrd, who fights  valiantly to put some credibility into a script they obviously have no  faith in.<br />The believability of the story hits rock bottom when the sharks  start to systematically herd the survivors around inside a flooded  submarine re-fueling station, knocking down doors in order to undermine the  structure. The swimming predators know so much about the layout of the  facility, that they have actually figured out a way to sink it. Thinking  sharks seemed like a silly idea in \\"Jaws IV\\", and it still does. Believe  me...<br />    The film hurries along like a runaway train. There is no time for  thought, depth or character studies. Harlin is a great action director, no  doubt about it, but I have my misgivings about the man when it comes to  horror. You can't rush an audience into a state of fright. You need the  expositional stuff and character insight to really care and feel for the  people in peril. Who gives a darn if Stellan Skarsgrd's character is eaten  by a shark, when we don't know him any better than LL Cool J's parrot.  <br />The quality of this DVD is good, but far from excellent. The picture is  faily rich in clarity, but sometimes grainy and the sound is lacking in  dynamics. For the true fans of the film (and I know there are many), the  bonus material section is extensive with deleted scenes, two \\"Making  of\\"-features, the theatrical trailer and a stills gallery. <br />Despite  several homages to its obvious source of inspiration, this film never comes  close of capturing the terror of \\"Jaws\\". My advice is that you go back to  Spielberg's classic to experience some true Mako mayhem, and let this film  sink to the bottom of the ocean like a ton of bricks.
068816689X|5.0|We will only have the surviving victims of the holocaust with us a short time longer.  How important it is that as many as possible should write their own personal stories.  In the case of this book, Edith Hanh Beer  allows us to see her very normal life at first disrupted and then torn  apart by the invasion of the Nazi's.  We see what  motivates her (saving  her mother's life, staying near the man she loves) and how both those  decisions lead her into difficulties in one case and possibly into saving  her own and her child's life in the other.  We see the price one pays for  concealing an identity so carefully that the concealer doesn't really know  who she is anymore.  We see how one can live with a mate  and play a role  for survival, and how those roles can turn around.  It is an excellent and  quick read, and I wish more of us would read these true stories to keep us  from ever being in such a horrible situation ever again.
B000001FDQ|5.0|I had never heard of Yngwie Malmsteen until I started seeing his name under &quot;suggested listening&quot; columns in guitar mags and the like. They all suggested owning Rising Force, so I decided to buy it. When I  first heard it, I was amazed that music could be so cool. The playing was  the fastest and most beautiful thing that I had heard. This album is  frickin' amazing. Another thing that I like is that it's mostly  instrumental, which is just something that I like. the songs featuring  vocals are good, too, mainly because there is more music than vocals. Jeff  Scott Soto was a good singer, though his voice hadn't matured to the point  that it had on Marching Out. However, I found his voice a bit too dark for  me. A great album. Also, if you want a new Yngwie album that sounds a lot  like this one, I suggest getting Alchemy, especially the Limited Edition  Import CD. It comes in a neat little collector box and had a cool poster  that comes in it too. You can get it from Amazon for a pretty good price,  too.
B000002ADT|5.0|the feeling that comes over me when I listen to Kind of Blue. Each song is a conglomeration of every emotion that exists in the human soul. I have recommended this CD to several friends, and they agree with me that this is  a GREAT recording! Every time that I listen to my CD, it sounds like the  first time. It's like falling in love several times with the same woman,  each time being just as beautiful as the last.
B000002KKS|5.0|If all songs here were not great, If Dio wasn't easily the best rock singer of all-times, If the production wasn't perfect, Still you should buy this one to hear Geezer Butler fly all over his bass neck.
B000001FKY|5.0|This was the first Def Leppard album I ever got. It still remains one of my favorites today. This album is an 80's classic, although I think that it still holds up in the 21st century. It has the perfect blend of ballads and  rockers, from the title track (my favorite) to the  many-times-played-but-still-awesome &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me.&quot;  If  you are a fledgling Leppard fan, this is the album that you want to get. I  guaruntee you will love it.
B000002UAU|5.0|They are the BEATLES, and this is their best! If you never heard this one, you must start to live right away. By the way, be sure to check out what Coca Cola and McDonald's are.
0345350499|5.0|This book shows the world that there are two sides to every story. In this case, the story being the legend of King Arthur.  We have come to see the many women in Arthur's life, from his queen Guenivere, to his half-sister  Morgan Le Fay as the ultimate seductresses and/or witches, but this book  causes you to take a second look.  It is seen from the point of view of the  women, beginning with his mother and the Lady of the Lake all the way up to  the final confrontation with his sister. It shows how the women were the  weavers of the quilt that became Arthur's life;it was through their wills  and sacrifices that the man became legend. It also humanizes the so called  &quot;villains,&quot; showing how they made choices and sacrifices as well.  Although at times the book does border on incest and sexual explorations,  it is a very good book and worth owning.
B000002J1B|5.0|The Gates Of Delirium (from which the beautiful single edit Soon, famous not only among Yes fans, was taken) is one of the greatest songs Yes has ever composed. This track alone has everything, classical, jazz, rock.  It's like an ultra-long version of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody, only even  more symphonic.<br />And the two other songs on Relayer could as well have  been extensions of the first track (though not possible on good ol'  original vinyl). The speedy, very jazzy, nearly talking Sound Chaser and  the more silent, perfectly instrumented and sung To Be Over.<br />A  perfected album, yet another of the kind, from Yes! Well worth every buck!
B000001E21|4.0|I am not a huge fan of this album. It's great to hear the B-sides, but this album was released around the time that every other band on the planet was releasing or re-releasing greatest hits or B-sides albums, and this one  got lost in the fold. I do love the acoustic &quot;Two Steps Behind,&quot;  though.  The other songs are pretty good too, but I don't think that this  one is an essential Leppard album. Still though, it is worth looking into  if you are a fan.
B00002E23H|4.0|I would give this movie three and a half, but I couldn't, still it is not bad enought to get a 3 though.  Action is very good, the effects are satisfactory, acting is pretty decent, so what is the problem?  It is not  as realistic as it should have been.  Certain parts are'nt possible with  electricity in water, when the  two guys are trying to drain a stairway.   Those were electrical pannels, they would have been elelctricuted.  The way  people are sort of stupid in the movie buggs me.  The main female character  is not so good at acting, just picked for her looks.  But, despite all of  that, I do reccomend this movie.  It is still a great movie to watch if you  are not paticular about those things.
B000001DVD|5.0|This album marked the band's first collaboration with &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange.  It is a higher quality than their debut album, but it still has a more raw and edgy sound than the follow ups.  I love this album just for  that reason. When you take away all of the keyboards and synths and  multilayered tracks, you still realize that Def Leppard is capable of  making some great rock songs. The best is the ballad &quot;Bringing on the  Heartbreak,&quot; which I can listen to over and over again without being  bored. The other heavier songs are great too, and a lot more scaled down,  which I love. All in all, this album is awesome and should always be played  LOUD!
6303213650|4.0|Haven't seen a Tim Robbins movie I didn't love.  Here as the goofball gofer-on-the-rise, he is hilariously believable as the Company Schlub who miraculously makes it to the top.  Jennifer Jason Leigh is charming and of  course who wouldn't adore Paul Newman as a crusty old exec.  There are  loads of laughs here and some &quot;oh if this were only possible&quot;  dreams as well.
B000000OAA|5.0|Once again, it took me a few listens to actually get into this one, but once I did, I was hooked. I loved the carnival sounds during the opening rocker &quot;Brighton Rock,&quot; which is followed by the vocally supreme  &quot;Killer Queen.&quot; The rest of the album is filled with straight  ahead rockers (Stone Cold Crazy, Tenement Funster, Now I'm Here) and more  minstrel or myth themed sentiments (Lily of the Valley, In the Lap of the  Gods).  My favorite, however, is guitarist Brian May's vocals on &quot;She  Makes Me.&quot;  He has a rounded but different voice from Freddie, and  adds nicely to the rich mixture of Queen material. A great album overall,  worth a listen.
0792842073|5.0|Table all pre-conceived notions of whether Capital Punishment is wrong or right.  Set aside your personal opinions on how society views convicted killers.  DEAD MAN WALKING examines all sides of the coin, from the eyes of  the victims, their families, the legal system, religious counselors and  finally the convict himself.<br />Sean Penn is almost scary in his portrayal  of Matthew Poncellet.  With convincing facial expressions, voice and  demeanor, Penn nails every scathing, miserable characteristic of a  &quot;white trash&quot; criminal with no remorse for his chosen way of life  and his lack of respect for everything and everyone in his world.  By the  film's end, your heart can't help but bleed for him in is agony, but what a  pity it took the tragedy of murder to bring him to his knees.<br />Susan  Sarandon perfectly portrays a kind and gentle Sr. Helen Prejean (who makes  a cameo appearance in the film at a candlelight demonstration outside the  prison).<br />WARNING:  This movie is very painful to watch, and certain  scenes of violence, aside from the final execution by lethal injection, may  disturb the faint-hearted.
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard was my first favorite band. I have all of their albums, but I still felt compelled to buy this greatest hits compilation. I'm glad that I did. Not only does it bring back my childhood with such greats as  &quot;Photograph&quot; and &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me,&quot; but I get the  added bonus of the excellent &quot;When Love and Hate Collide.&quot;   The  only real complaint I have is the way that some of the songs are edited  (Rocket, for example). They should have just left it alone. Still though,  it's a great blast from the past, from a great band that I hope will keep  on rocking for another 20 years.
6303314015|5.0|Judging from the reactions of my grandson while he is viewing, I would say that The Lion King is fantastic!  He just cannot get enough of it. He is only three, but he understands the story and sings along. He has many  cartoon videos and always chooses this one first!
B000001DV2|5.0|This is the first album the band did without the musical genius of Steve Clark. That made me sad when I first picked it up, but that sadness soon disappeared and was replaced by this wonderful tribute to Steve's memory.   The opening song &quot;Let's Get Rocked&quot; is not only great, but very  funny as well.   I also love the ballad &quot;Have You Ever Needed Someone  So Bad&quot; and the sexy &quot;Make Love Like a Man.&quot;  It was on this  tour that I saw Def Leppard for the first time (with the very excellent  Vivian Campbell), and I had the opportunity to hear all of these songs  live. I can tell you, the live Leppard is great, but if you can't see them  live, then at least do yourself a favor and pick up this album! It's worth  the price!
6303314015|5.0|Judging from the reactions of my grandson while he is viewing, I would say that The Lion King is fantastic!  He just cannot get enough of it. He is only three, but he understands the story and sings along. He has many  cartoon videos and always chooses this one first!
B000000OAN|5.0|Although &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; is the Queen song that almost every person on the planet knows, the album that it is taken from as a whole offers many other varieties of tracks, each one better than the next. Queen  combines classical sounds with a rock n roll inspired outlook, from the  fade-in piano of the vicious &quot;Death on Two Legs&quot; to the rockin'  &quot;I'm in Love with my Car.&quot;  It's difficult to see exactly which  direction the band is taking with this album; I believe that they were  still experimenting with sound at this stage. That would explain why some  of the songs (such as &quot;...Rhapsody&quot; and &quot;The Prophet's  Song&quot;) are so mulitlayered and over the top, while others  (&quot;You're My Best Friend,&quot; and my favorite, the sweet &quot;Love  of My Life&quot;) are a little simpler. All in all, a great rock album, one  of the first that got me hooked on the Queen sound.  It has a little bit of  everything for many different musical tastes.
0060254920|5.0|This was a favorite of mine when I was a child, and now has become a favorite of my own child.  It touches on all of our dreams of escaping and becoming ruler of all, with the option of leaving whenever we want and  coming home to a warm meal.  A must read for every parent!
B000031WD9|3.0|I saw American Pie in the movie theaters and thought it was a real funny story line.  I bought the dvd unrated version and didn't notice much on it that wasn't in the theater version.  Just when he is on the kitchen island  on top of the pie.  That is all I noticed left out of the theater version.
0800179501|5.0|P.T. Anderson has tried to do it with Boogie Nights and Magnolia, but John Avildsen does for Reseda what he did for Philly in Rocky.  It's the battle of the kid from the flats against the kids from the hills.  I still cannot  bear to watch the scene where Daniel picks up Ali at her house --  absolutely unbearable in its level of embarrassment.  Yes indeed Mr. Morita  was robbed of the Oscar.  If only they hadn't allowed Mr. Miyagi to become  a charicature of himself by Part IV.<br />I was very disappointed that the DVD  lacked a widescreen version, which would have added so much to the  Zamfir-laden training montages (thank you again Mr. Avildsen).
B000002LUB|4.0|Having last bought a Sabs album in 83 (Mob Rule)this was certainly no disappointment. Massively heavy production complements the stand out cuts - Computer God,TV Crimes, Time Machine and the grinding I. Faster songs are  the best - slower ones are doom laden dirges.The quality of the best songs  here stands alongside the other Dio era material.
B00000J7S8|5.0|It doesn't get much better than this! A wonderful mix of popular standards, a marvelously sultry voice, and an ensemble to match. Nothing short of a five star perfromance by all.Bravo!
B00000INEX|1.0|I have to agree with a lot of the reviews.  This video isn't nearly as good as the Baby Mozart video. The compositions played are too short, the toys aren't as good as Baby Mozart, and there are too many scenes with the  creator's children.  Stay away from this one and get Mozart or Brainy  Babies.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Is it just me or was Fred Durst's rapping a million times better on &quot;Three Dollar Bill Y'all$&quot;? Anyways what keeps this album from being any higher is the lyrics.I'm sorry Fred,seriously,but these are too  childish and I don't mean to brag but I can write better  songs.&quot;Re-arranged&quot; though is this albums saving grace,if I had a  list of my    top favorite songs it would be in there.My other complaint is  the sexist lyrics.Fred used the whole last album to rage against that  ex-girlfriend of his and lyrically it was better too.Songs like  &quot;Nookie&quot; are great... if you leave out the sexist lyrics.Aaron  Lewis of Staind,a band that got a helping hand from Fred,did a good job on  &quot;No Sex&quot; even though the song sucked(and get Staind's album which  deserves five stars)I escaped the sexist-flash-money-ego world that has  devoured hip-hop/rap to find music with meaning and unfortunately it has  spilled over into some of these rock bands.I believe though one day that  Limp Bizkit will make a great record,just as long as they focus and neglect  those sexist-flash-money-ego ways.In fairness many rappers are worse.One  last thing that doesn't concern me,and I have nothing against Fred I'm sure  he's a nice guy,is he said that Trent Reznor(of Nine Inch Nails in case  you're stupid or thirteen) abandoned his fans, in Trent's defense being the  hardcore NIN fan that I am,at least he didn't let women get raped(including  his fans) and put lives(especially women) in danger.Sorry Fred... but Trent  rules and I never felt abanded.Trent Reznor,now that's a lyricist... and a  legend.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Now, I've heard various people saying that Alanis Morissette is not ready to have an Unplugged album... why not!   She apparently is an EXCELLENT singer/songwriter, and this album proves it.  With her revealing 3 new  tracks, one being a cover of the Police hit &quot;King Of Pain&quot; in  which she cleverly changes the word at the end to Queen Of Pain, clearly  shows what a talent this young woman has.  She even puts new spins on old  favorites, such as Ironic, which is sung in such a melodic tone you  wouldn't even believe it was the same song.  And her current single, That I  Would Be Good, just tops what I said about her being talented... she picks  up the flute and just plays as if she's been doing it all her life!   Overall, this album is definitely NOT a waste of your money, for it is a  pleasure to listen to and Alanis' voice tends to soothe you as well.  *~*Liz*~*
B000007443|5.0|I became very excited when I found out that Amazon.com had this CD available. Yes! There it was! I remember having this one on album. A fantastic group of musicians that play as if they have played together for  years. From what I remember there is not a bad track on this CD. It's  perfect for any affair,setting or even cleaning up the house. I've been  waiting a couple of weeks for my copy. Please hurry! I want to play this  one for my next card party!
B000007O9L|3.0|This is a good album, but not great. There's nothing really bad on it, but nothing really great on it either. I've listened to it a lot, but never really thrill at any particular moments. Fun to hear them do &quot;Like A  Rolling Stone.&quot; It's casual music to have a beer to, and have as  background music while your playing checkers.
0694013889|5.0|Both of my daughters were trained in a week with this book(and video). I found a potty chair very similar to the one in the book by BabyBjorn and together they made potty training a breeze.  Amazon has a Baby Bjorne potty very similar to the one used in the book in various colors.[[ASIN:B000056J7L BABYBJORN Potty Chair, Blue]].  This was ver helpful and it also seemed more comfortable to sit on for our girls.  This is my go to for baby showers the book and the potty.
B000009PNY|2.0|This was far from a tribute. It was, however, a collection of no-name bands using this project as a means of advertising themselves, not as a tribute to anyone. The Cure and the Smashing Pumpkins gave the best efforts  here, although one wonders what made Cure-god Robert Smith decide to do a  DM song. Is this the same guy who openly criticized DM for many years?
B00002MZ2T|4.0|This version of Savage Garden is much more mellow and more rounded at the edges than their self-titled debut album.  The tune, &quot;I Knew I Loved You,&quot; is probably the best track on the CD and the latest release.   &quot;The Animal Song&quot; is another favorite with its rumbling beat and  sing-along, I-don't-care attitude.  This is not a CD to miss for Savage  Garden fans around the world.
B00000DFSK|1.0|These guys will have a good career with this album. It shows that not all 1st albums are bad. One of the best debuts ever
B000007T1M|5.0|As I read the other reviews, they were mostly positive.  However, I noticed that those who did not like the album did not agree with the views of the band.  One review even stated that they were bad because, in  concert, they said how bad the US' military is and how bad the US is.  Now,  forgive me for asking, but why do people dislike a band because of their  view.  I do not personally agree with SOAD's views, but I still think that  they are a great band and deserve credit foor their talent.  Also, how do  they sound like Biz Limpkit(Limp Bizkit for those who can't understand...)?   Fred Durst raps...Serj does not.......anyway, if you like fast-paced metal  that you can bang your head to, by the CD.
B00000K22N|5.0|enigma is one of the best artist to make beautiful entrancing music ever. they use all kinds of instruments and the limited vocals are yet the best. its between sexual and soothing sounds, which is perfect for the right mood  if you know what i mean.
B00000BKDW|5.0|this album has 4 to 5 real good songs and they through in the other one's just to call it a album. The Madien in japan was only 3 to 4 songs on side 1 and 2. So in ending this is one of the best album's from this group so  buy if you like it.
6304366086|3.0|I'm an amateur racer and lover of all things retro, but I can only like &quot;Grand Prix&quot; so much.<br />Sure, the opening sequences and surreal closeups are interesting and exciting, but they wear thin well before the  end of even the first tape (a two-tape set) and can't carry the lurching,  plodding story line.  What starts off as seemingly bold artistic  experimentation starts looking more like &quot;Hawaii Five-0&quot; trailers  as the film progresses (rapid zoom-ins, etc).<br />If you've got to have it,  confine yourself to the first 30-45 minutes (through the Monaco GP race).   If you don't, you may find your other viewers evaporating faster than race  gas on hot concrete.
B000002X1O|5.0|Call me crazy, but I think BVTB is one of the best recordings made by any Airplane people. The Ballad of the Chrome Nun is hilariously ironic besides being a very catchy song. The style of the piano in it is reminiscent of  something you would hear at a 'soulful' church, yet the song is glaringly  anti-Christian. In all, this album is perfect for you if you tend to pay  attention to both the words AND music. Both work hand-in-hand to make a  huge statement in BVTB.
B00000DBXL|5.0|Out of all of the CDs I have ever bought, I think I would have to say that \\"Prolonging the Magic\\" is definitely in the top ten.  The music is unique, the lyrics are genius, and overall the CD is incredibly catchy  without being annoying.  What more could I ask for?   As a side note, this  is a wonderful album to sing along to in the car...
630027120X|5.0|This movie is the greatest.  I was forced to watch this movie as a senior in high school.  I figured it would just be another stupid history lesson.  Well I was WRONG!  I never forgot what it tought me.  It asked me about my  own life, about how I would represent myself to my fellow men during  instances like these.  High school was 10 years ago, and it is the only  movie I have bought in my life.  Watch it and learn.
B000002P86|5.0|I grew up in &quot;the Delta&quot; and, of course, B.B. is a living legend there...this C.D. does not fail to deliver, rather than all the other talent &quot;over-shadowing &quot; him (as if they could! after all this is  B.B. we're talking about!), they complement him and add shadows and nuance  to an all ready beautiful painting of 'da Blues&quot; Memphis style! Amen  &amp; Can I get a witness!
B000001F84|5.0|The story, sound, rythm,--everything is topnotch here. This is one of those groups that a younger generation like mine, only exposed to what the radio airs of their music, never gets to hear what makes them so good. If  you've never bought a Rush album for this reason, then start with this one,  it will make you a fan for life.
B000002AS1|5.0|Many people don't even recognize that there is an orchestral score for this film. What we tend to remember are the popular tunes, interspersed with the action of the movie. However, without Silvestri's genius, this  film would never have succeeded. Watch the movie, and then revisit the  movie through the soundtrack. You just might be more moved by the latter.
B000002JR8|5.0|Far Beyond Driven is a prime example of an already heavy band becoming heavier.With Metallica going off in a more commercial direction Pantera is the best hope for badass heavy metal in the new millenium.Anyone who  doesn't buy Far Beyond Driven has no right to call themselves a metalhead.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Time has made these guys stronger and more aware of their surroundings.  At first I thought that this album wouldn't be able to come close to &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magik&quot;, but boy was I ever wrong and I am sure  happy to admitt it.  This has to be their best yet.  They put their real  emotion into it and you can really tell their hardships they have gone  through.  I have only one complaint-the album needs more songs on it.   Other than that, all I can say is buy it.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|I have heard a lot of derogatory comments about this film, but I thought I would give it a try. What a mistake! I nearly switched it off after 10 minutes of viewing, it is so embarrissingly bad, that you actually have  sympathy for the actors. How Warner Brothers could ever allow this complete  rubbish to be put on film is beyond belief. Take the worst parts of  Armageddon, Godzilla (remake) and Lost in Space (remake) multiply them by  100 times and you might actually get to how bad this film really is. The  people responsible for the making of this film should not be allowed to  work on any other film ever again. I am a film collector and have watched  hundreds of films, I can honestly say that I have never seen anything as  bad as this. Quite simply one of the worst films ever made. Avoid at all  costs.
B00000J7J4|4.0|...you should get some of Carlos' early work like Abraxas. This is a little softened up, but still pretty much pure Santana. At least the guitar work is pure. The real Santana had great drumming with those exotic pieces  and it had the perfect voice for the band. Good as they are, everybody else  is just the new guy. <br />It's nice to see other people getting into this  music after so many years. Santana was one of the essential  &quot;Experience&quot; bands of the 60's for me along with the Doors,  Janis, Jim and Jimi. One of the very few guitar gods to survive.  <br />I went  to a Santana concert about 10 years ago and I got to see one of his  concert/religious/almost sexual experiences. It was pretty cool the way  some people would climb on stage just to touch the  holy man's hand.
6303921248|5.0|I am a bit of a nitpicker myself, and I could go on for hours pointing out the shortcomings of this movie. However, suffice it to say that it is the best adaptation of P&amp;P so far. I want to point out, especially, that  they did not try to add dialogue to the proposal scene. Jane herself leaves  it out, only saying that '.....he expressed himself on the occasion as  warmly and sensibly as a man violently in love can be supposed to  do.....and he told her of feelings which, in proving of what importance she  was to him, made his affection every moment more valuable.' As my father  points out: 'Basically, what she means is that he expressed himself very  warmly and not very sensibly, which is to say he was babbling like a  schoolboy in love.' When I admonished him for the harshness of his  expressions, he said: 'I suppose maybe that IS a bit harsh, but she was  wise to leave it out, as anything said could only serve to embarrass both  the reader AND Mr. Darcy.' So, they did well to simply skip that. All in  all, it was very good, and you will probably enjoy it immensely.
6304124988|5.0|From the opening scene of Maria prancing among the hills and along a stream to the closing scene of the Von Trapps climbing a high mountain on their way to freedom, there is not a single dull moment in this story.<br />Set against the backdrops of the breathtaking and panoramic hills and mountains of beautiful Austria, The Sound of Music tells the story of Frau Maria (Julie Andrews), a spirited young novice who finds herself constricted by the rigid discipline of the convent. Her kindly mother superior, sensing Maria's life at the crossroad, then tasks her to find her real self in the outside world by assigning her to work as governess to the seven motherless children of a retired sea captain, the stern Baron Von Trapp (Christopher Plummer).<br />Before long the drab household is filled with laughter and music, and Maria and Von Trapp find themselves in love. Frau Maria and Baron Von Trapp eventually marry to form one complete happy family. But there's a hitch! The Nazis have taken over power in Austria and are now calling on the former sea captain to active service. There begins the Von Trapp family's suspenseful episode as they attempt to escape the clutches of the Nazis.<br />The plot and the majestic sceneries are more than enough to keep the viewer entertained, touched and occupied. Add in the brilliance of the Richard Rodgers &amp; Oscar Hammerstein III songwriting team and you have an unforgettable cinematic masterpiece.<br />Who can resist Maria as she runs among the hills singing 'The Sound of Music' at the top of her voice? Who won't be moved listening to the pious albeit naughty nuns as they try to solve the puzzle that is 'Maria'? Who can't feel the inspirational push of the mother superior as she sings 'Climb Every Mountain'? How about the sentimental and nationalistic undertone of 'Edelweiss'? The childlike innocence of 'My Favorite Things'? And yes! the playfulness of 'Do-Re-Mi'?<br />I have been greatly privileged to watch this movie for countless times in my lifetime, both as a boy and as an adult. I look forward to watching it many more times in the future, hopefully with a bouncing grandchild perched on my lap!<br />I just love this movie. In a scale of 1 to 10, I rate this at 11!mes in my lifetime, both as a boy and as an adult. I look forward to watching it many more times in the future, hopefully with a bouncing grandchild perched on my lap!<br />I just love this movie. In a scale of 1 to 10, I rate this at 11!
630562285X|1.0|So this is what James Bond does when he comes out of retirement? This is a flick I couldn't get into, even in dvd format. Looking more like a father and daughter, Connery and Zeta-Jones never generate the electricity that  say, Brosnon and Russo have in Thomas Crown Affair. I agree with another  reader that the stars were miscast. Jones never really gets into character,  probably too concious of wanting to look perfect every time she's in a  scene. I'm a Connery fan, but the old dog has just simply run out of  tricks. We've seen them all. Yes, the theft and the final may be worth the  price of a rental, but don't buy this, unless you enjoy seeing a 60-some  year old man running around with a woman half his age. Ring a bell?  (Nicholson and Hunt in As Good As It Gets-what was the attraction there?)
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is much more than a science fiction novel. Pay no attention to the naysayers who can't understand more than the technical aspects of fiction. On a whim, I read the first chapter at the bookstore, and ended up  sitting there until closing time 5 hours later, still reading. This must be  one of the most intense and influential books I've ever read in my life. As  indicated by the previous reviews, many people can identify with characters  in the story; critics of Card's character development only show that they  missed out on childhoods that make such a story profoundly moving to almost  all its readers.
0780626494|4.0|How'd YOU like to step into present day life after living in a bomb shelter with your parents for thirty years? A cool and funny little flick, clever writing for a change, and a great cast in wacky Brendan Fraser,  kooky Christopher Walken and funny Sissy Spacek. Fun for everyone! All you  swingin' cats and chicks will dig the night club dance sequence. Happy to  report that Alicia-duh-Silverstone was NOT asked to dance.
B000031WD9|5.0|american pie was one of the funniest movies i have seen.  you people that didnt like it are either a)women or b)old and dont remember what it was like back in the day.  it was very funny and me (and all my friends) can  relate to this movie 100%.  go see it- you wont regret it.
B000002UA9|4.0|It's not very often you can say that the CD release is better than the original album but this is such a case.  Anybody not familiar with this release should know that the CD has been mixed back to mono.  Quite simply,  the stereo record was appalling.  All the vocals in one speaker and all the  instruments in the other with a Grand Canyon down the middle.  Yecchhh!   This &quot;production technique&quot; was repeated with the two following  albums, With The Beatles and Beatles For Sale.  Thankfully these have also  been released as mono CDs.  Apparently this type of popgun stereo was quite  trendy in the early 1960s when stereo was in its infancy but it provides a  stark illustration as to how some trends become positively cringeworthy  with the passage of time.  As for the actual music, well what can you say.   A classic which still sounds as fresh today as when it was released in  1962.  Just make sure you buy the CD and leave the stereo LP in the sale  bin at Cash Converters.
B000009ED0|2.0|This album represents Kid Rock's struggles with low self-esteem and inner turmoil with his lack of love and attention as a child.  He demonstrates a sad lack of emotional maturity and an underdeveloped sense of identity.   &quot;Cowboy&quot; indicates his attempts at escapism from the bonds of  poverty and abandonment that so clearly plagued his formative years.  I  feel sorry for Mr. Rock and those that relate with his down-trodden  message.  It is a vulgar message of misogyny and self-destruction.   Notwithstanding the loneliness and helplessness that Mr. Rock demonstrates,  the album at times rocks.  Two stars.
B000002UAU|3.0|When I bought this album as a 12 year old in 1971 I thought it was the greatest thing I'd ever heard.  My older brother and sister were in raptures about the whole thing and were contantly humming it around the  house.  When I bought the CD in 1987 I realised that it wasn't the be-all  and end-all of rock music.  Abbey Road was much better.  In 2000 when I  blow the dust off it and play it again I have to wonder what all the hype  was about.  Sure there are classic tracks (A Day In the Life, Lucy In the  Sky) but there are also clunkers.  BIG clunkers.  How many times have you  heard Getting Better advertising the latest washing powder or electrical  appliance on TV?  We can thank Michael Jackson for that, I suppose.  Fixing  a hole, (God give me strength) Within You Without You, the title track - it  really brings you down to earth to listen to it all again from the  perspective of 40 years.  When I'm 64, Lovely Rita, Good Morning, Mr Kite  and She's Leaving Home are not the stuff of musical immortality no matter  how hard they try and are only marginally better than the previously  mentioned tracks.  The main interest in this album is the packaging.  The  elaborate cover, the printed lyrics, the supposed clues pointing to  McCartney's &quot;death&quot; - all were ahead of their time and seemed to  be the main reason why the project gained legendary status.  The CD is even  better - technical information on each track, photo outtakes of the cover  and other shots, this CD is one of very few which justifies its cost.  But  if you discount all that and judge it on the music alone chances are you  will be disappointed.
0140185232|5.0|This is my favorate book ever.  Although I am a teenager I still can relate to the idealism and realism in this book. If you buy this book for yourself you should buy a copy for your children also.  The Razor's Edge is  a book suitable for all ages and it improves people in a way most  entertainment cannot anymore.
6304973187|1.0|All those people that have a taste for Shakespeare will agree with me that this movie doesn't seem to fufill the aquired taste of the English Shakespearean, this play shows poor acting skills, and if Shakespeare was  alive today he would be very dissapointed in what we have done to his once  &quot; loved&quot; story about two star crossed lovers. The movie was  supposed to depict the life in the nintey's but with the Shakespearan talk  you have lost all customers 20 and under who can't understand it , and are  their either to see the blossiming Claire Danes or the &quot; Hunky &quot;  Leo. Movie was made for the script not the actors, keep that in mind when  you review.
B000000H57|5.0|This is Type O's best album.  The songs are varied, but are all polished without losing thier vital gritty quality.  This is a great purchase for anyone who has a sense of humor about the darkness of life.
6305205620|5.0|This DVD gives you views you cannot see at any concert unless you are in the band. The quality is real good and its just a joy to see metallica that up close especially with the capability to see the band from five different  angles thanks to DVD technology.
B000000H6D|4.0|This is a great album full of satire, wit, and campy evil.  Camp aside, it is still a very dark album and would not be appreciated by all rock fans.  This album is definatly not hard rock.  It would be good for anyone who  happened to like Sisters of Mercy, since they have a similar sound, indian  influences of the Sisters aside.  This is a good cd, but if you want thier  best, try October Rust.
0515123447|1.0|If this is what it takes to get published then I'm hitting the keyboard tonight.  This would have to be the most disappointing read I've had in a long while.  It started with enormous potential but I got a sick feeling  half way through that there wasn't going to be a twist at the end - and I  was right. And it's got one of those Rambo heroes - you know the ones, he  has the intelligence of Einstein, the fighting ability of Tyson and  Holyfield combined, and can  use any weapon known to man ! The plot could  have been so much more devious and more full of intrigue - but it was a  clanger ! Keep away from this one - maybe Lee's others are better but I  doubt it.
B00002E23H|4.0|I'm 100% a shark fan, and I was overjoyed to here about Deep Blue Sea! I own Jaws, Jaws 2, Jaws III, and Jaws; The Revenge, but they don't come close to this movie!  The suspense and action never ends until the credits  start! I thought LL Cool J's performance was humorous, and it made me laugh  every time I saw his bird curse him.  This movie gets a big A!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I bought Fiona's CD for Christmas, and although I do not have her first CD, Tidal, I thought &quot;Criminal&quot; was a wonderful song.  I bought When the Pawn... because I liked &quot;Fast as You Can&quot; but I now love  the entire CD.  The lyrics to every song are inspiring and Fiona's voice  and piano playing add to the richness of her melodies.  I especially love  &quot;I know&quot;.  I play it over and over and could never get enough.   Buy this CD, you will not be disappointed.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This video is truly amazing! It is so much fun! Each of the Boys does his solo, and they have awesome voices (incase you didn't know). They do their popualr songs, such as &quot;All I Have To Give,&quot; and &quot;As Long As  You Love Me,&quot; with a few Backstreet Classics, such as &quot;Quit  Playin' Games&quot; (in which the Boys play the instruments!) and &quot;Get  Down.&quot; Plus, they sing acapella, too. This video is a must have!  :)
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This gem of a follow-up album is one of the most unique creations I've heard. Fiona Apple's sultry voice and totally inovative vocal style make her music unmistakable. This album's profound lyrics and wonderful mix of  instruments make it one of my personal favorites. The range of instruments,  from piano to synthesizer to drums to orchestra, accent the haunting  melodies and intriguing bridges within songs. With such heart-wrenching  songs as &quot;The Way Things Are&quot;, &quot;I Know&quot;, and  &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, we can all relate to her experiences. As emotions  range from anger in &quot;Limp&quot;, to fond regret in &quot;Love  Ridden&quot;, this recording will touch a piece of us all. Each person who  listens to this will take something away from it, and relate to Fiona  Apple's well-stated thoughts.
0449000729|4.0|Rutherfurd tells history in a way that people can relate to.  He uses individual characters and then plots their ups and downs as they struggle through life's many twists and turns.  He refines this by creating sub  plots that follow the characters and their descendants through time.  The  result is that the reader is gradually drawn in and the book becomes  compelling and even potentially addictive.  Even though you know the  various characters die (by definition they are long gone) you are desperate  to know what happens to them.  The section about the plague for example is  tragic, and the reader can easily find themselves hoping that the spread of  the disease is contained.  Reading Sarum has rekindled my love of history  and I am now well into other historical novels.  Rutherfurds's style quite  simply brings history to life.
B000000W5P|5.0|After looking through all the other reviews, it seems like the other reviewers haven't listened to the album, and not only that, haven't listened to the Stones.  People are always criticizing the Stones for  copying the blues and all that, well here ya go:  no blues copying here.   Totally originial content.  NOw addmittedly I didn't really like the title  track, but you can't take it seriously people: it's a joke.  As a kid who  did not grow up under the aura of the early stones, it seems as tho I can  look at all the stones music as just great music from a great band, but a  lot of others seem to want for them to remain back in their blues days and  never ever flesh out at all.  this is an incredible album; you get  bittersweet love, excitement, and all the fun you expect from the stones,  along with a few laughs.  SO GET IT ALREADY!
006016848X|4.0|I read this book partly for the same reasons as reviewer Charles Fichera stated: Elders of my church recomended it (and actually use it as a marriage counciling resource).<br />I would recomend it, but only with the  reservation that it has a profoundly secular outlook on Love.  It speeks  about &quot;Getting the Love you deserve&quot; and even the subtitle  includes &quot;Getting what you want in your relationships.&quot;  True  love is not about getting, but giving of yourself to another (1 Corinthians  13).  I found that, with a few minor exceptions, keeping my mind on  'other-centeredness' while reading, I was able to easily adapt most of the  book's very useful philosophy.
6303471714|5.0|THIS IS AN EXCELLENT VIDEO.  I HAVE OWNED IT FOR ABOUT THREE YEARS NOW, AND STILL USE IT TWO TO THREE TIMES A WEEK.  I STILL GET SORE!   I DON'T THINK YOU SHOULD USE THIS TAPE ON IT'S OWN BECAUSE THERE ISN'T A LOT OF  CARDIO, BUT IT'S AN EXCELLENT TONING AND STRENGTHENING TAPE. IF YOU EAT  RIGHT AND DO THIS TAPE CONSISTENTLY, YOU WILL DEFINITELY NOTICE RESULTS IN  ARMS, LEGS, HIPS, AND ABS.
B00002E23H|3.0|Director Renny Harlin drives the action forward at such a mindlessly quick tempo that it becomes fun.  I'd guess that anybody walking into this movie (or picking it off a shelf, whatever it may be) wouldn't be expecting  Citizen Kane here, so expectations should be low.  And in these terms, the  movie delivers -- lots of stunts, creature effects, gore (sometimes too  much; at least be more creative with the attacks, instead of always the old  human bisection), and dumb comic moments.<br />Saffron Burrows, stuck in a  limited role but offering a distinctly different flavour from most thriller  heroines, and funnyman LL Cool J help the movie, though Jacqueline McKenzie  (Angel Baby) and Samuel L. Jackson are all but wasted.  Good to see Stellan  Skarsgard (Ronin, Breaking the Waves), who ignites the screen with quiet  tension no matter how small the role, but his character could've used much  more screen time.<br />Not great, but entertaining on the basest terms  possible.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love this cd and im sure anyone who likes Savage Garen will love this cd also. Their hit song &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; was the only reason I bought this cd, but after I listened to all the others I found out they  were all as good as that one. I can garentee anyone would love this cd as  much as I did!
630420065X|4.0|Brian De Palma's excessive cinematic style actually suited the larger-than-life nature of the show quite well.  Aside from his inexplicable addiction to the I-camera, one of the most distracting and  overrated camera techniques around, his visualization of Mission:   Impossible is cinematic, grand, and very exciting.<br />Tom Cruise makes for a  good action hero and Jon Voight a slyly effective supporting character --  unfortunately, as the script stands, it gives the excellent supporting cast  very little to do -- the divine Emmanuelle Beart gets little more than an  object-of-desire role; Kristin Scott-Thomas holds up well but doesn't get  enough screen time to develop her character; and Emilio Estevez, Jean Reno  and Ving Rhames are all relegated to nearly bit parts, each serving his  purpose well but given little chance to excel beyond that.<br />That said,  still an effective action thriller, commendably low on the violence  quotient, with a twisty plot that would take a while to absorb.  Lapses in  logic and inconsistencies in character are forgiveable when De Palma lets  the jaw-dropping set pieces roar.
0446525537|2.0|AFTER READING MR. SPARKS 2 PREVIOUS BOOKS , I WAS ANXIOUSLY AWAITING THE DELIVERY OF &quot; A WALK TO REMEMBER&quot; WHICH I ORDERED SOLELY ON THE MERITS OF HIS FIRST TWO BOOKS. SADLY, I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED. &quot;A  WALK....&quot; IS SAPPY, PREDICTABLE AND SUITED MORE TO THE PRETEEN READER.  NEVER AGAIN WILL I RUSH TO AN AUTHOR'S NEW WORK SO BLINDLY.
B00000K3UR|5.0|If you want to see a laugh out loud comedy, then this movie is for you. It is one of the best Adam Sandler movies I have seen. Although the ending wasn't what you'd expect from this &quot;feel good&quot; movie, it did not  dampen the movie. If you need a good laugh, you definately want to see this  movie.
630398021X|4.0|This movie proved the versatility of Angela Bassett and Ralph Fiennes as actors.  They can go from seriously dramatic, or comical or hardcore unlike other actors who seem to play themselves in every film but still manage to  get an Oscar! *pay attention Jack Nicholson*  I had a great time watching  this movie with it's quick pace and storyline. Although there was just one  tiny lil'flaw. I loved Juliette Lewis in &quot; Natural Born Killers&quot;  and &quot;The other Sister&quot; but she was seriously miscasted in this  one.  She looked out of place, and gave a totally inconvincing performance  as a woman who would be enticing enough to cause Fiennes's character to  obsess over her. Otherwise, Sizemore and Wincott made up for Juliette's  mess of a role and I only wish that I can see more of Wincott and his  creepy voice.
0767802659|5.0|Verhoven sure knows how to do camp.  You got to give him credit for that.  Nowhere in this movie are any of the scenes truly &quot;serious,&quot; and yet the menancing attitudes that story's characters develop as the tale  unfolds really give the whole production an edge that I found a welcome  surprise.  Pulp sci-fi with a dash of social commentary?  Cool.  Reminds me  of the science fictions of the 50's.  A fun, slick homage to the  genre...<br />C'mon, our heroes wear nazi uniforms for goodness sakes!  (The  fact that the main characters are from Argentina made me laugh out loud;  great touch) Wonderful layers of context that make this flick more than the  sum of its (apparent) parts.
B00000JMOJ|5.0|The running man is one of my favorite movies.  It is an awesome thiller about Arnold Schwartzenegger where he is wrongfully acused of murder and has to pay the price.  In the future however,  their is no electric chair  or gas chamber.  There they put Arnold in an arena with furocious  gladiators.  Arnold has only one thing on his mind, KILL.  If you love  action movies and Arnold, this is definitely your kind of movie!
6300214370|5.0|Love this movie the first time and every time I watch it....Want to own it on DVD...Someone let me know when it will be released.
B000000OSG|5.0|this CD is by far the best guns and roses CD....  appetite for destruction SUCKS compared to it.....sweet child....  paradise city...and welcome to the jungle are the only 3 that are decent.....sweet child being the only  very good song......use your illusion 1 can not even compare.....  13 out  of the 14 songs are AWESOME....  i am sick of people who call themselves  guns and roses fans and saying &quot;november rain is a masterpiece&quot;   axl rose even said estranged is his favorite......and it is the best song  they have.....  my world is the only song that sucks.....the rest  rule......since it has so many good songs.....  it is the best CD  ever.....even though pink floyd has them beaten...
0790729628|4.0|This is a very well thought-out artistic movie but if you've already got it on VHS don't bother with the DVD.  When I bought it I was disappointed because I was expecting better menu features.  The sound and picture  quality are good though.  If you're a die-hard, sci-fi fan like I am, then  you should buy it for your collection anyway because you have to.
6302814634|5.0|I'm a huge fan of Corey Haim's (and his future wife), and when I first rented this movie I never really expected it to be good but it was. Although it's classified as a horror, it's not scary a all. In fact, it's  more of a comedy than a horror. Although the entire cast acted extrememely  well, Corey Haim was the real star of the movie,(even though I have a  strong suspicion that the writers were trying to make him seem gay!). I  definitly recommend this movie to anybody that likes Corey Haim, and even  to people that don't.
B0000025ZF|5.0|I've owned this record for over four years, and I always come back to it.  If you're a pop music fiend, this isn't for you.  It is a very emotional album, in which it is obvious Roger Waters pours his heart out.  Go  Fishing, Sexual Revolution, and Every Strangers Eyes/Moment Of Clarity tell  the story of millions of relationships in this world, as does the rest of  the album.<br />The album is about sex and love, but this is a major  understatement.  The first time I listened to it, I didn't care much for  it.  After that, I fell in love with it.  Sanborn's sax solo on Go Fishing  is unbelievable.  Clapton's guitar playing is at its best.  This is unlike  any Pink Floyd record.
B00000CQJZ|5.0|If you enjoy light-hearted mysteries..British..prior to WW II, this is a classic of the genre.  Robert Donat was a gracious actor who is always enjoyable to watch.  Black and White, but would be ruined in color.  How he  gets out of the hotel is a kick.  Be kind to yourself and get it!   Another  good actor to look for is Basil Rathbone.  Good watching....
067942850X|4.0|Well, let's hear it for Alexander Supertramp. It's very rare indeed, especially in these techno driven see you at the top times, to find a Chris McCandless. Chris may have been much more than some fearless soul searching  for the great escape for the cancer of today's society. He was willing to  act on his ideals rather than look back and say what if or fall into the  corporate abyss of a Yes Sir, No Sir man clawing his way to the top. The  outcome however tragic it may be, stands as a testament to a man's choice  to lead rather than follow. <br />The Chris McCandless' of this world force  the rest of us or should I say provoke the rest of us to spew out quick  reasonings as to his ill wills, passing judgement on a free spirit while we  sit in our comfort zones to addicted to the instant gratification and  &quot;stuff&quot; we find necessary to survive. It's safe to say the things  we find to be important in this world; money, power, the beamer and 1.3  kids, the Alexander Supertramps would be repullsed by.<br />Thanks for...well  you know Chris.
0792840461|2.0|I was really into this film right from the start.  The first 15 minutes film, I forgot I was watching Thomas Crown and thought I was in the middle of a James Bond flick!  But after the initial beginning, there was a BIG  letdown and the story simmers into a tireless love story that seems like a  ripoff from ENTRAPMENT!  The last fifteen minutes of the film were first  rate so if you get this DVD, watch the beginning and then skip to the end.   Believe me the middle is something you can forget about.
B00000DHR0|5.0|The first song I heard from this CD was The Prayer with Andrea Bocelli. Wow! What a thrill! Then I fell in love with the whole CD! Celine has a great voice, warm, exciting, beautiful! I love it! She has a new fan!
6304490119|4.0|From watching the opening twenty minutes of this film, I got the idea that this would be an updated cinema version of the short-lived Irwin Allen TV series &quot;The Time Tunnel&quot;.  A small squad of soldiers and one  archaeologist (James Spader) are led by an air force officer (Kurt Russell)  who somehow miraculously and unexplainedly overcomes severe depression  caused by the accidental shooting death of his son.  Spader's character  deciphers the hieroglyphic symbols on a circular piece of stone and  discovers it's really a gate providing a shortcut to another civilization  somewhere on a planet in another galaxy.  When a mechanical probe sent  through the gate reveals there's a life-sustainable planet on the other  side, the small armed force passes through and finds the planet holds a  civilization quite similar to the ancient Egyptian one found on earth about  four thousand years ago.  This civilzation is technologically superior to  ours on earth, but is socially stifled also.  The leader is a youthful  &quot;god&quot; Ra (Jaye Davidson), supposedly the personification of the  Egyptian sun god.  Ra leads a small group of individuals who are accepted  as &quot;gods&quot; by the great masses who serve as ignorant slaves.   Russell and company intermingle with the slaves and get them organized to  eventually overthrow their false god masters.  What then follows is a  battle that appears very similar to the ones in the Star Wars films; the  Yuma, Arizona desert provides the backdrop for a struggle between slave and  master.  From watching this, it appears the producers of this film wanted  to point out three different things: 1) It's quite plausible our own  civilization on earth is the product of extraterrestrials landing here in a  time at or before the dawn of recorded history.  2) Religion is a product  of man's own ignorance or unexplainability of scientific phenomena.  3) No  matter how technically-advanced a civilization may be, it cannot survive  whenit's too dependent on slavery.  This film gave me the idea that on  this planet, all the right ingredients for a major social reform were there  all of the time; it just took Russell and company to provide the catalyst  for the chemical reaction to become spontaneous.  The DVD version is not  the greatest; the picture quality is not quite there and it's recorded on  both sides of the disc when the movie is not really that long (a little  less than two hours).  This was probably one of the earliest movies to be  transferred to DVD, which probably accounts for its presentation on a  two-sided disc.
6304539258|5.0|Incredibly exciting!  The story is the best of the movie, but the special effects, the music, the characters and the direction are astonishing, too. Well, maybe the characters could be a little better, and Princess Leia  could not use those strange hairstyles, but the film is really incredible.  Im a fan Star Wars and I find all four movies excellent, but this, I  think, is the best of all. Well, thats all.
6304938276|5.0|This is one of the best Horror films I have seen for ages. It had suspense Action and Plenty of Laugh's. The Cast is Full of young Actors and Actresses that I hope to see a lot more of. The Original is the superior  film but this is Still just as good. Let's hope more of the same in the  Third and Final segment in the Trilogy Scream 3.
B000003BEM|5.0|I was not a Rolling Stones fan...until I got this album.  I just bought it to have &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot;, which I liked.  I had always avoided the Rolling Stones, they were kind of finished by the time I got  old enough to buy records (late 80s) and I knew nothing about them. They  are great!  I've bought Exile on Main Street, Beggar's Banquet, Let It  Bleed, and December's Children. In my opinion, Beggar's Banquet is by far  the best.  One of the best album's I've ever heard - I never get tired of  it.
0783231202|5.0|This excellent movie, of great interest to students of French and to native speakers of French, does not seem to include options for French dialogue of French subtitles. What a tragedy!  Both should be standard on  excellent films of great educational value.  What about Quebec?
0446525537|5.0|I think this novel shows Nicholas Sparks' versatility as a writer.  The diction he chooses to use (that of a 17 year old boy) demonstrates his ability to change his style while still capturing the readers' minds and  hearts.  Some other reviewers thought that this &quot;new&quot; style came  across as immature or childish, but I feel that it makes the story  different from the rest of his works by mixing the innocence and  youthfulness of a boy with the hindsight and wisdom of a grown man.
B000003S5H|5.0|Escuch este CD en la casa de un amigo anoche y me encant. Maybe it was the white wine or la brisa fresca de la noche de verano, pero es lo mejor que he escuchado en meses.
0156421178|5.0|For someone interested in reading a short, concise eyewitness account of the Spanish Civil War, Orwell's book is a good place to start.  While some of the political parties and machinations may be a bit confusing to a  novice, Orwell writes in a great, novelistic style that vividly conveys  time, place, and atmosphere. It's a good launch pad for further study.
B00000IJPU|5.0|Iron Maiden is one of the most influential Metal bands ever.  The best of the beast is a good sampler of the Maiden sound. It have most of the key tracks, but the single disc version lacks some of them. For those who need  a more complete overview of Maiden's carrer, and those who are good fans of  the band, they should buy the 2 CD set, specially the one with the big  booklet. The single disc works great for the casual fan, but any of the  early albums work good as a starting point. Maiden's songs work better in  the original albums, specially the ones from &quot;Seventh son of a seventh  son&quot; and &quot;The Number of the beast&quot;, but a greatest hits  collection is possible, since the badn has a huge fan base and had good  commercial success worldwide.
6301871952|5.0|The plot is more coherent and far more gratifying to anyone who enjoys a bit of schadenfreude; the acting and effects are superior.  For once, the sequel beats the original.
B000001I0Q|3.0|for those who claim this is not a goth album, i beg to differ.  goth is not all ethereal crooning, it is also the intent behind the music. lords of the new church is somewhat rough and early 80s &quot;rock&quot;  like.   it's the sort of music that makes you wonder exactly what it is you're  listening to, since it doesn't seem to fall in any one particular gender. i  imagine that quite a few people will dislike this album.   however, it is  definitely worth buying.  it's direct, clear-cut, and forceful.   russian  roulette, in particular, stands out as a wonderful track, slightly calmer  &amp; cleaner than the rest, which are more frenzied.
0790737345|5.0|This is not a remake of Wim Wenders German classic but rather a Hollywood update of the movie. Seth (Cage) meets Maggie (Ryan) much earlier than than in the original, and a romantic aspect is set up from this point. Yearning  for a real life, Angel Seth takes the ultimate plunge to be with his love,  for any one who hasnt seen the movie i wont tell you the ending. Well shot  by 2nd time Director Brad Siberling(Casper) brilliant acting by the whole  cast and a music soundtrack and score that compliments like no other film,  no romantic in the world can shrug off this movie. If you havent yet seen  it you have to do yourself a favour and make sure you do. The DVD copy of  this movie contains excellent special features and is more than compliments  this great movie.A must see.
