B00005LMBK|4.0|Gorillaz debut self titled album is definatly one of the most diverse albums to come out this year. An obvious musical experiement, but an experiement gone right. This album is mix of just about everything. Everyone should find something to like about this album. It has a very comic book, surrealistic feel to it most of the time. At times the music is very playful, but other times the music can be very dark and moody. I like the idea that the musicians behind this disguise themselves behind illistrated members known as Murdoc, 2D, Noodle, and Russel. Really goes with the type of music this is. If you are into music that goes beyond the norm and is fresh, Gorillaz is for you.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album is, start to finish, absolutely stunning. It completely blows all the other music of that era out of the water.  Enough of how great it is, here is a look at the songs.  1.Welcome to the Jungle- Exactly what it says it is:  a Welcome to the Jungle that is Guns N Roses.  2.Its so Easy- A great song that just gets better and better everytime you hear it.  3.Nightrain-  An anthem for the rock n roll lifestyle.  4.Out Ta Get Me- Rocks hard from start to finish.  5.Mr.Brownstone- Amazing guitar riff, with Axl's vocals outstanding.  6.Paradise City- Possibly the greatest song on the album, with the outro a blaze of the fire that is Slash and Izzy.  7.My Michelle- Probably the most well written lyrics on the album and a great riff as well.  8.Think About You- Good song, but not outstanding.  9.Sweet Child O Mine-  Absolutely great, no buts about it.  10.You're Crazy- Although the shortest, this song rocks the hardest.  11.Anything Goes- Amazingly catchy chorus.  12.Rocket Queen-  STUNNINGLY good. This album is worth every penny and about a hundred dollars more. Truly a classic.
B000008GAC|5.0|Great recording featuring many signature tracks including Welcome To The Jungle, Sweet Child O' Mine and Paradise City. An album debut any rocker should be proud to own in his/her collection. I don't really like to mention this, but it sure would be nice someday if Geffen put out a Greatest Hits CD including the above mentioned songs plus other smashes later released. Since I already own most of G`NR's CDs, extra rack space to get freed might be helpful. In any event, this CD on its own definitely is one not to miss. Feel confident buying it if you haven't already done so and reassure yourself knowing such quality rock tunes aren't something easily accessible as recent music has become released...
0553573403|5.0|I picked up this series out of the strength of the reccommendations on Amazon, and because I have enjoyed most of Robert Jordan's books, as well as loving Tolkein Stephen R. Donaldson. I tend to be picky when it comes to the fantasy I read, and I'm always eager to find someone new.<br />Well, this book (and the one that follows it) delivers. It's grim, vulgar, violent, and occasionally shocking; it's also one of the best fantasy series I've ever read. The characters are realistically drawn and (unlike Jordan, who has gotten a bit repetitive in his &quot;types&quot; as of late) distinctly unique. The plot moves along at a brisk pace, and one of the most amazing things is Martin doesn't tip his hand at any point to the central story-line- he just pulls you long moment by moment, through a strong identification and admiration for the characters. There are a few hints that of something darker below the surface, but not many. Unlike most fantasy series, there is no clear &quot;villain&quot;; there are people you love to hate, but no overwhelming dark force like Sauron, or Lord Foul.<br />I just finished the second book of the series (&quot;A Clash of Kings&quot;), and I can't wait to read the third. This is good stuff. Give it a chance.
B00000I5Y6|1.0|more slickly produced corporate arena rock for the mindless.  Bands like them, Styx, REO Speedwagon, Foreigner are what makes classic rock radio so unlistenable. Why they play these guys in favor of the Clash or the Ramones is beyond my comprehension. I cannot recommend this CD for anybody.  Someone ought to shoot these guys and put them out of their misery
B00003CXS4|3.0|The casting was great, and there's an edginess to Mr. Madonna's movies that can be very enjoyable.  But aside from Brad Pitt's delightful performance, this movie is a virtual remake of &quot;Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.&quot;  Individual stories merge at the end for a big denouement, with the bad guys getting their comeuppance, and the good guys not only making out OK, but learning a lesson of some kind.  Rent it, don't buy it.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India Arie is really a talented artist!  Her lyrics are really deep and it's quite amazing that she wrote them herself.  Not only is she a great singer, she's a great musician.  Her music is between Erika Badu, Destiny's Child and Dido.  I like her R&amp;B style.  I hope she comes out with more albums!
0446672653|5.0|Only Love is Real by Brian Weiss, is the third book by this incredible author. If I could, I would rate this book with 10 stars.  Although one does not have to read his previous two books to read this book, he does make references throughout, but his explanations guide the reader and one is never confused or lost.  Many Lives, Many Masters and Through Time Into Healing are his previous two and both are as riveting as this book.  As with his other books, I could not put this book down either.  The messages imparted in this book are numerous for the deep connection of twin souls.  Weiss states, \\"Destiny dictates the meeting of soulmates.  We *will* meet them.  But what we decide to do after that meeting falls in the province of choice or free will.  A wrong choice or a missed chance can lead to incredible loneliness and suffering.  A right choice, an opportunity realized, can bring us to profound bliss and happiness.\\"<br />Weiss shares the story of two of his patients relating similar past lives, and he eventually connects the two and \\"intervenes\\" to introduce them.  I am sure we have all had the experience of meeting someone and just \\"knowing\\" that we know them on a much deeper level, but we can't explain it.  Those that come into our lives are either ready to meet their \\"other half\\" or as Weiss put it, they are \\"not awakened\\" yet.<br />Weiss speaks throughout the book on the meaning and value of love and indeed, \\"only love is real.\\"  He urges us to forget and forgive our past mistakes, to learn from them and move on - to live fully in the present and not to worry about the future.  This book is one incredible, beautiful lesson in love.  Weiss urges the reader to listen to one's heart, as the ego has other agendas, as do other people.  \\"There is someone special for everyone.\\"  How does one recognize a soulmate? - Weiss states it most profoundly, \\"When both recognize each other, no volcano could erupt with more passion.  The energy released is tremendous. Passion in a relationship cannot be artificially created . . . . . but the chemistry has to be there from the start.\\"  Oh how so very true!!!  \\"The person may not recognize the chemistry.  The attraction is definitely there but the source of chemistry is not understood.  It is delusional to believe that this passion, this soul recognition and attraction will be easily found again with another person.  You do not run into a soulmate every day . . .The more awakened a couple is, the more likelihood of a decision based on love.  When both partners are awakened, ecstasy is within their grasp.\\"<br />Weiss shares the past lives of both Elizabeth and Pedro and the reader is able to see them in different lifetimes, as different sexes, yet they are always together, learning soul lessons and coming back again and again to be together.  As with his previous books, messages come from Elizabeth under hypnosis, from \\"higher conscious masters\\", imparting loving and profound messages to Weiss: \\"Love dissolves fear.  You cannot be afraid when you are feeling love.  When allowed to flow freely, love overcomes all obstacles.\\"  Both of their past lives are most fascinating and the lessons learned are indeed enlightening.  I have used one of Weiss' past regression tapes and they are incredible and one can \\"see\\" as he states in the book.<br />Weiss also share with the reader, his own experiences with his soulmate and wife, Carol, and the \\"obstacles\\" that they had to over come.  \\"Destiny is persistent\\" as Weiss states and as seen in this book and as can be related in our lives, it doesn't give up - we only have to listen.<br />This book is fascinating, thought-provoking and my highlighter was in overtime in reading!!!  So many, many endearing and important thoughts on love and just being.  I have read all of Weiss' books and it is so hard to believe that they can get any better, but it is true!!!  Reading his books, one can experience a deep sense of healing and a profound infusion of love.  This isnot only a book about love, but also a book about  hope.  This is a \\"must have\\" have book and also one that you want to share with those in your life - \\"Listen to your heart, to your own intuitive wisdom when deciding about a gift of destiny, such as a soulmate.  Destiny will deposit its gift directly at your feet, but what you subsequently decide to do with the gift is up to you.  Your heart knows what you need.  Other people have other agendas.\\"<br />A most excellent book - I have read it three times already!is is not only a book about love, but also a book about  hope.  This is a \\"must have\\" have book and also one that you want to share with those in your life - \\"Listen to your heart, to your own intuitive wisdom when deciding about a gift of destiny, such as a soulmate.  Destiny will deposit its gift directly at your feet, but what you subsequently decide to do with the gift is up to you.  Your heart knows what you need.  Other people have other agendas.\\"<br />A most excellent book - I have read it three times already!
B00003CXRM|5.0|As an admitted fan of &quot;art&quot; and &quot;cult&quot; films, I enjoyed O  Brother very much. The occasional disjointed dialog reminded me of theater of the absurd or the X-files at its most ponderous. The music, of course, was superb, and George Clooney seemed to look more and more like Clark Gable as the movie wore on. The rest of the ensemble was excellent as well. The audience went out smiling.<br />One American movie that I can compare it to was &quot;Cannery Row&quot; with Nick Nolte and Debra Winger. If you enjoyed O Brother, you'll probably like Cannery Row as well.  <br />Five Stars.
B000002J7U|5.0|OK. What can I say about this man? The Tiger Woods of Music? The Golden Gate of Bridges? The Jupiter of Planets? Well, this album is not perfect Vangelis. But not perfect Vangelis is like a below average home run. Who cares? It's a home run. This is a wonderful album with one song- Ask The Mountains- that is worth all the collected works of most famous musicians working today. <br />I sometimes drive through LA traffic jams while listening to a V album. And you know what? I could care less about the traffic jam because the music so completely carries me away. In fact I'm thankful for the extra time the jam gives me to listen.
0800141849|1.0|I love Ms.Streisand. I have been a long time fan of hers since the 60s. She has made some great movies but this one is a piece of worthless fluff. Not very good. Only Lauren Bacall saves this one. Jeff Bridges is wasted and Ms.Streisand should have known better. Make something better Barbra. Don't treat your fans to this stuff.
B00000J7SO|3.0|This album is very weird...it's sort of like a different version of Blood on the Tracks... the emotions are the same but this is much rawer, much less dressed up, there is less beauty in the writing, etc. It's a great album though. &quot;Is Your Love in Vain?&quot; is very funny...espaecially the line &quot;...or are you just ill?&quot; The backup singers are an odd choice but very funny as well-- I don't know if that's what Dylan was going for but i have a feeling on some level it is. Most people think Senior is the only song worth your time on Street Legal but I think it's the worst one. Compared to the other songs it's very done up, and that begins to be a turn off after a few listens. I would highly recomend Street Legal to any Dylan fan, or to someone who just wants to get into Dylan.
B00000K0E5|5.0|Goldeneye is a great James Bond movie.  Pierce Brosnan has to get credit for his performance as James Bond.  Sean Connery was good, George Lazenby was plain and acted like a stick figure, Roger Moore was too nice and kind, Timothy Dalton spiced up 007 with his &quot;over the edge&quot; approach, but Pierce Brosnan is the greatest James Bond yet!  I am a avid 007 fan and I have seen all of the movies so I know just what other people are looking for. The villans are also great.  Sean Bean portrays Alec Trevelyan 006, Bond's best friend that also has a darker side that James did not know.  Alec was once 007's partner, so he knows his every move.  It is great to see a newer and more evil villan. The action sequences are great.  The movie first sars off with James bungee jumping off the world's largest dam, then the pace of the movie has you up on your seat when James Bond is drving a WWII tank in the streets of St. Petersburg.  If you don't like those cat-and-mouse chases, there is also many awesome mano-e-mano fights, including the climatic scene of 007 and 006 fighting on top of a Antenna cradle in Brazil.  All in all, it is a great Bond movie that you shouldn't miss!
B000002L9J|4.0|Excellent stuff!! From the frantic opening track to the epitath of &quot;There is a light....&quot; the Morrisey/Marr combination certainly stretch the band and take their songwriting abilities into a new dimension.  The songs are funny, sad, quirky and religious with sweet melodies which means you will play this CD again and again.  Also, like many great albums, the messages change as you get older as do your favourite tracks.  Worth buying just for the brilliant &quot;There is a light that never goes out&quot; and &quot;Some Girls are bigger than others&quot;.  If you are looking for a debut Smiths album then this is the one for you.  Rock on Johnny...
B000006YBO|5.0|This shows that musicians can have success in more than one band.  One thing i particularly enjoyed was listening to todd strange, kirk, pepper, and philip kick a** together. the guitars reminded me alot more of the new crowbar than anything else. this is one kick a** cd. buy it now!
B00003CXRM|5.0|I love movies, and expected to enjoy this one (couldn't get to the theatre to see it). I had no idea this was such a classic. It can hold its own against any movie out there. It is a difficult movie to describe. Perhaps being from the rural and somewhat inbred South, I can appreciate it more, but this movie will one day be enshrined with the other greats. Note: the CD soundtrack is superb!!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's Marshall Mathers LP is a great buy. From the Slim Shady LP, Eminem has gotten a lot better. Although he may be offensive to some, I don't find him offensive at all. His lyrics and talents truly shine in this LP- It's a must-have for Eminem fans.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Growing up I remember watching and being terrorized by Ichabod Crane in the old Disney version of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.  Now that I am a little older...Disney just doesn't project the same feeling of suspense.  Tim Burton has a solution to that problem.  Burton's take on Sleepy Hollow gives us a chilling new look at the Headless Horseman.  Johnny Depp turns in what could be his best performance to date as Crane.  Christopher Walken is an excellent choice for the Hessian Horseman...teeth filed down to spikes and all.  Gough, Jones, and Griffiths give us a look into the upper class of Sleepy Hollow.  The action and scenery of this movie are incredible.  Tim Burton does an excellent job especially on the windmill scene.  This DVD is jam packed with extras.  Set aside enough time to see the all of them...the creation and detail that went into this movie is astonishing.
B000002J09|4.0|Ok, so Zep were more rock/blues- influenced pop than pure 'rock' like, say, The Who or Black Sabbath. But this doesn't detract from the skilful musicianship and studio-mastery demonstrated on this album. From the multi-layered guitar lines on 'Black Dog', through the beautiful 'Stairway To Heaven', all the way through to the behemoth track 'When The Levee Breaks', every track is a gem. Maybe 'Misty Mountain Hop' and 'Four Sticks' aren't musically brilliant, but try listening to them without tapping your feet.  This album isn't quite as good as Zep's later work 'Physical Graffiti', but 'When The Levee Breaks' is a foreshadow of the apocalyptic drum sound that would be used on PG's 'In My Time Of Dying', and 'Black Dog'/'Rock And Roll' were good precursors to PG's 'Custard Pie' and 'The Rover'.  On a more technical note, this album is a studio producer's wet dream. Jimmy Page's formidable overdubbing was way ahead of its time, making the album's appeal last over the 30 years since its release.  As a 17 year old brought up initially on indie and Britpop, this was the album which introduced me at the age of 15 to the 'classic rock' scene. They really don't make legends like they used to.  This album was more of a stepping stone than the epic it's made out to be, but it's still got pride of place in my top few albums of all time.
0783225792|5.0|This is a wonderful movie.  I guess I am a bit biased though.  I am an avid fan of this genre as well as De Niro and Pesci.  The movie follows the career of a mafia associate who is sent by &quot;the bosses&quot; to Las Vegas to run one of their casinos.  De Niro turns in his usual excellent performance as the man who can get things done without losing his cool.  Pesci is also in his niche as an on the edge mafioso ready to strike at whoever crosses him (or MIGHT cross him).  Sharon Stone turns in a Grade A performance as a street hustler who is turned into a pushed over the edge housewife.  With Don Rickles and Alan King in the supporting cast the movie is a can't miss.  The DVD contains most of the standard DVD extras...Cast and Crew, Trailer...etc...
B00004Z1MN|5.0|Time travel movies are always hard to pull off, and even though \\"Frequency\\" leaves a lot of unanswered questions, one cannot deny how effective and touching a film it is.  Buoyed by the fantastic performances of Dennis Quaid, Jim Caviezel and Elizabeth Mitchell, the story is mesmerizing and thoughtfully executed.  There are several scenes of rare poignancy in depicting the relationship between not only a father and a son, but also a family who truly loves each other.<br />Hoblit's direction keeps things moving well, as we experience a parallel time type of scenario.  Things going on in 1969 are paralleled with the actions in 1999, and it's unique the way the story shows John acquiring new memories as things change in 1969.<br />By the end of the movie, my mind was buzzing with questions.  By that time, however, it's not that important.  The ending is so satisfying that you can't help but want to stand up and cheer.<br />One big crime, though, is the Academy Awards' error in not even nominating the beautiful song, \\"When You Come Back to Me Again,\\" written by Garth Brooks.  In an era where songs are merely added for padding or to sell soundtracks, this song appropriately supports the whole theme of the story.  What a shame!<br />Anyway, this is a great movie.  It's tender, suspenseful, witty and ultimately a real sleeper!
B00000JMQC|5.0|it's pretty damn funny, the idea that Dorothy was sent to a mental ward for shock therapy after she couldn't stop ranting about Oz to aunt Em. I mean, what sick twisted Twilight Zone version of the Wizard of Oz is this?!! Imagine that happening to Judy Garland! But the concept is only funny with the MGM movie association. As a film, respectively, this is a gem. For that highly imaginative age group ranging from 8 to 80.
0679847367|5.0|Dr. Seuss isn't just for the pre-school set, but you probably already knew that.  This book of brightly colored illustrations and whimsical rhymes makes the perfect gift for anyone setting out on a new adventure, so buy copies for every high school and college graduate on your list.  As Seuss tells us &quot;There is fun to be done!&quot; and this joyous ode to personal fulfillment tells you how to meet up with it while combating fear, loneliness, and confusion.  After all, what better advice could anyone give a new grad than to say &quot;You have brains in your head, you have feet in your shoes.  You can steer yourself any direction you choose.&quot;  This is inspired good fun, sure to please everyone.
B00005AXEL|5.0|It's been so long since a full album of new music has been released by any of the members of Fleetwood Mac. This album is a satisfying piece of beauty that makes the years of waiting dissappear from memory. Stevie sounds great and these songs span her career, telling it like the great Rock fairy tale it is. Let me tell you, i was awe struck by this album! It flew higher that my expectations, rivaling any Buckingham produced Fleetwood Mac album, and staying completely true to the heavyweight talent of Stevie. It will remind you of why you love her.
B00003CXIY|5.0|Road Trip is a great movie! But I'm warning you, you will laugh! Even if you do not like Tom Green, you'll love this movie. I thought it would be some corny jokes with Tom Green in a few scenes doing the usual stupid stuff, but it was way more. The actors are great as well as the plot. It is wildly entertaining and the best of all, it is not predictable! You have no clue what will happen next! So take the Road of Laughter with Road Trip!
0767824571|5.0|Ok, I'm totally hooked on Monty Python!  Blame my college buddies... they started it.  What can be said about Holy Grail that hasn't been said a million times over.  It's, in my opinion, the best MP movie that was made though I can't think of any &quot;bad&quot; MP.  If you're into British comedy, this is an absolute classic and must-have.
0679601945|3.0|I cannot agree with Christine from Ohio.  I have read all of Austen's books, and while they are all wonderfully well-written (she does weave an alluring web), Mansfield Park falls a little short of what I have grown to love about Austen's writing. I could not grow to like the character of Fanny Price. In past books, I have empathized and loved Lizzie Bennett, Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, and all the rest, but Fanny Price lacked that spark which makes Austen's other characters so very real.  Fanny is full of her own moral superiority, and never seems to have any fun. As I read, I grew to like (and Fanny would despise me) the character of Mary Crawford more than any other, as the character who was the most real. Mary had her flaws, and knew she did. She did not deserve the censure she received from Fanny and eventually Edmund. Edmund is another case. Throughout the entire book he pays court to Mary, and though they do not seem particularly suited to one another, it is easy to see their affection. Meanwhile, Fanny is forced to watch as the man she loves loves another.  But Edmund soon sees that Mary lacks &quot;good principles&quot; and turns to his cousin for moral fiber.  I prefer the fictional worlds of Austin where characters (Lizzie Bennet comes to mind--she eventually realizes she has been mistakenly prejudiced) make mistakes and know they are not perfect. Fanny Price, in all her moralistic glory, seems more suited to a convent of holy sisters than an Austen novel.
0679879269|5.0|I loved this book because of how the writing flows.Philip Pullman writes this book so you can' t stop reading it. I was more anxious to finish the book than I  was with Harry Potter and the goblet of fire.This book is very complicated so people give up on it , but if you understand it becomes a very good and interesting story.
B000002672|4.0|I can't beleive some of the reviews here (1 star?). I acknowledge that Russian Roulette is not Accept's best album, but what is all this talk of selling out to the commercial market?   If anything this album is less commercial than Metal Heart of which I am also a big fan.  Russian Roulette's (originally titled Wargames - changed for obvious reasons) content is chiefly about the negatives of war and raises some very serious issuses.  Accept showed they had matured with this album in both their personal views and songwriting.  As ever the dual guitars, together with the bass and drums of the 4 classicaly trained muscians sounds fantastic, but with a polished edge - not commercial.
B00005A1PR|4.0|india.arie 1st cd is wonderful. touching on intropective parts of a young, black woman's life from self-esteem, to professional and personal progress to love. india.arie nails its--hard. <br />some favorites are: &quot;ready for love&quot;, &quot;video&quot;, &quot;brown skin&quot;--something we need to hear in the heavy video era--&quot;strength, courage &amp; wisdom&quot;, and others.<br />easy on the ears yet deep and needed for my sistas and i to hear. brothas should also check this out.
0312243022|3.0|but I felt that I wasted my time reading this book. I disliked it and felt that the overall mood was depressing and fatalistic. I was not an English major and am sure that most of the references to Woolf were lost on me. By the same token I don't demand Sound of Music at the box office. Call me provincial but I don't like to be dragged through mud by a book and made to feel worse after reading it.  If you really get off on melancholy you'll love this book.
B00005BL2A|5.0|As a longtime DM fan who has cherished every album from Black Celebration onward, I think that Exciter ranks as one of their greatest achievements.  Melodies with more of a pop flavor than normal Mode are balanced by great vocals, luscious harmonies, eclectic music, and Martin's usual interesting lyrics.<br />Every song on here is unique and lovely in its own way.  &quot;Dream On&quot;, the lead-off single, is a catchy song with a persistent acoustic guitar line and skittery beat.  &quot;Shine&quot; is pure ear candy with a glorious ascending chorus.  &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; is a stomping dance track that should be a major club hit when it is released later this summer.  &quot;Goodnight Lover&quot; closes the album as a gorgeous lullaby, the type of songs most bands lack the vision or guts to produce.<br />Another brilliant and experimental achievement from the Mode.  I heartily recommend to anyone who enjoys music that is varied, soulful, continually pushing the boundaries.
0449002632|4.0|Rutherford's historical fiction of London is well done and easy to read. Hard to put down and you are learning as you read. The flow is excellent and I would heartily recommend this book.
B00000IPAX|5.0|a little dirty but I loved it
B000002LOE|5.0|Well, I've known REM since I was a little kid and hear &quot;Stand&quot; and &quot;It's the End of the World,&quot; but I never really took an interest into getting an album by them, as I figured the only good parts about them would probably be what they played on the radio.  So, 13 years go by, and I rummage through a wide array of musical tastes, settling deep into underground prog-rock, thinking that REM was too shallow and simple for my &quot;sophisticated&quot; musical tastes.  Heehee... wrong.  One day, I'm hanging out at a friend's house and he throws the album in.  And from the cheery/cynical first A-flat chord to the drug-out D-flat 44 minutes and 11 seconds later, I was completely amazed at how something could be so simple, yet so brilliant.  Now from what I hear, this is not their best album, and I personally don't have enough knowledge to really say yes or no to that.  However, this album has grown on me immensely in the month that I have had it.  I listen to it almost every day now in some way shape or form.  It puts me in a good mood, a deep mood, even a &quot;shiny happy&quot; mood.  I hate to say it, but I can't not like &quot;Shiny Happy People,&quot; even though the song just screams &quot;Sell-out!&quot;  It puts a smile on my face through the whole song that I just can't wipe off *L*  I love this album, and I feel I'm ready to venture more into the world of REM.  There's so much stuff of theirs to choose from, I'm not sure what direction to take next!  I just love this album, and have no bias to alter that evaluation.
B000002UZU|5.0|There have been a number of albums produced over the years which match a legendary figure from blues music with some his admirers in well known contemporary rock or blues bands. Blues and other music critics often lambast these efforts and hold them in utmost contempt. Some of these sessions are truly awful but some come off well, such as &quot;Fathers and Sons&quot; with Muddy Waters and the Paul Butterfield Blues Band.  &quot;Hooker 'N' Heat,&quot; released on Liberty Records in 1970, stands as possibly the best example of generational meeting of the minds. Canned Heat was at the top of their popularity and Hooker was fading from the public eye somewhat. This record helped to revitalize interest in Hooker's music.  Most of Hooker's best work, out of hundreds of recordings, many under assumed names, is solo, just &quot;The Hook,&quot; his left foot and his guitar. On albums where he recorded with full bands or other accompaniment his rough, often uneven style, with a measure count that often varied, didn't mesh well with musicians accustomed to playing arrangements or standard blues classics. Sometimes the clash detracted from the product.  The band Canned Heat had no such problems. It was obvious that he loved the band and they loved him! Bob &quot;The Bear&quot; Hite, the band leader, who usually provided the gruff vocals on much of the band's material, was a blues collector and historian and was well acquainted with Hooker's music and the band itself was rough hewn and unpolished but played with feeling and a respect for the music. Hite is not heard on the album. He wisely stood aside and gave the spotlight to Hooker. No band ever backed the Hook better.  This was the last album for 'Heat member Alan Wilson, who plays harmonica and piano. Wilson would soon after be dead from poisoning and choking on barbituates while on a camping trip.  Wilson plays inspired harp on this album and gets special recognition from Hooker for it. Wilson is one of the under rated harmonica players of our time and this stands as his memorial.  With the recent passing of John Lee Hooker this album could be considered among his best work as well.the under rated harmonica players of our time and this stands as his memorial.      With the recent passing of John Lee Hooker this album could be considered among his best work as well.
6305313687|5.0|This movie was a graphic but realistic story about gang life and racism in the current day.  As you watch the film, you get so caught up in it, and don't look away for a second.  Although the film had some nudity and a bit a graphic violence, children could learn from this.  As how not to go about life (of course!).  But hey, if you don't trust your children, rent them The Flintstones and get them tucked away in their own rooms. Then bust this movie out, make some popcorn, get some pop/soda/cola, and watch.  I gaurantee this movie is worth every renting or purchasing dollar.
0062502174|5.0|The Alchemist was probably one of the cutest fictional books I've ever read, along with Ella Enchanted. The ending will surprise you and the entire story you won't be able to put the book down. I really loved the book and I think everyone should read it atleast once.
B00000AFHM|4.0|I don't know what to say about this CD except that it is beautiful.  With the exception of &quot;A Space Boy Dream&quot; every song is sublime.  The title track should have been a smash radio hit, but America has really lost the taste for quality in music.  This album reminds me of &quot;Forever Changes&quot; by Love.  It's not as loopy and psychadelic as that, but I imagine people in 2020 discovering this album and wondering how in the world was this not a hit?<br />I guess the main reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that the album is a little too one speed.  It doesn't have a great rocker on it anywhere (probably not fair since they obviously weren't going for it).  But the album just never hits that one song that gets you all pumped up or choked up or fired up or whatever.  Nevertheless I wholeheartedly recommend this record.
6305311463|4.0|To all those out there who criticized this film, I say \\"Dude, what's yer problem?!\\" This is NOT a film justifying Einstein's theory of relativity! It is a high tension, physics go to hell, tongue in cheek sci-fi THRILLER that does NOT have one dull moment. You got problems with the real physics? Well, so do I, but GET OVER IT! Bruce is Bruce. Liv Tyler may not exude acting skills, but she does a good job of showing her emotion, and giggles okay during the `animal cracker in the low plains scene' with Ben Affleck (watch the movie. You'll see it). Okay, now to the brass tacks.<br />This film came out about the same time as Deep Impact, another excellent `end of the world by comet' movie. But where DP has Tia Leone as the star, Armaggedon has Bruce. This is a much `harder' film, and a total guy flick with a `take no prisoners' attitiude towards the action and story. That's all there is to it.<br />A lone retiree with a huge backyard reflective telescope discovers a rogue asteroid the size of Texas. He notifies the military, who discover the asteroid is on a collision course with Earth. Our scientists determine it to be a `planet killer'. Just firing nukes at it will not change the course, the nukes will have to be placed inside the asteroid. Hence, the government decides to drill. The best driller in the world? You guessed it. Bruce. With only 18 days left before total annihilation, it's decided astronauts can't be trained to drill as quickly as drillers can be trained to survive 24 hours in space. Hence, Bruce's team. And his team, is a group of total misfits. Owen Wilson is the free spirited inner space guy, Steve Buscemi is Rockhound (possibly the horniest man on earth). Michael Clarke Duncan is Bear, a HUGE man (imagine, holding the government hostage unless they let him spend the summer at the White House). BUT they and the rest of the crew hold the fate of the world in their hands. The government physicals and mental evaluation scenes of each team member show them to be borderline psychotics.<br />And into space they go. First to meet with a Russian Space Station. And from there, the action, the color, the tension, and the absolutute beauty of the CG's is non-stop.<br />Those who have read my reviews know I try not to give away the store. You have to see the movies for yourself. This movie is cutting edge. It is a masterpiece of light, flash, and color. Guys, the surround sound and special effects of meteors hitting the earth is room-shaking and has to be experienced at high volume.<br />The action cinemagraphics use quick cut scenes to enhance the urgency and the soundtrack keeps these scenes fluid. Although the asteroid/comet looks a bit contrived, that's okay. It's a freakin' MOVIE!<br />There are tongue in cheek lines throughout, and they keep the seriousness of this film toned down just a hair.<br />By the way, Leonard Maltin is WAY to critical. Probably saw to many Swedish films. Give him a beer, and he'll love this. I guarantee it. And I am never wrong.hem to be borderline psychotics.<br />And into space they go. First to meet with a Russian Space Station. And from there, the action, the color, the tension, and the absolutute beauty of the CG's is non-stop.<br />Those who have read my reviews know I try not to give away the store. You have to see the movies for yourself. This movie is cutting edge. It is a masterpiece of light, flash, and color. Guys, the surround sound and special effects of meteors hitting the earth is room-shaking and has to be experienced at high volume.<br />The action cinemagraphics use quick cut scenes to enhance the urgency and the soundtrack keeps these scenes fluid. Although the asteroid/comet looks a bit contrived, that's okay. It's a freakin' MOVIE!<br />There are tongue in cheek lines throughout, and they keep the seriousness of this film toned down just a hair. <br />By the way, Leonard Maltin is WAY to critical. Probably saw to many Swedish films. Give him a beer, and he'll love this. I guarantee it. And I am never wrong.
B000009EUM|5.0|By far, &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; is A-ha's most inspired album. The mood is dark and pained, like the green sky pictured on the cover. But somehow, the poppish synths and sequenced drumbeats compliment the moodiness, giving an ironic sense of hope. (The opening title track is case in point). The lyrics, although abstract at times (&quot;We're Looking for the Whales&quot;), create a dreamscape of images -stories told brilliantly with Morten's soaring, dynamic vocals. &quot;The Weight of the Wind&quot; and &quot;I've Been Losing You&quot; sound straight out of a 007 movie, what with the dramatic chord progressions and all. (Perhaps the film producers heard these cuts and gave A-ha the theme deal for &quot;The Living Daylights&quot;). You can tell A-ha were trying to break away from the limiting bubble-gum pop sound of &quot;Take On Me,&quot; and fortunately this ecclectic mix of styles resulted from their experimentation. My only complaint is for the hollow, uninspired &quot;Maybe, Maybe.&quot; It just doesn't go anywhere, and seems rather out of place with the rest of the songs. But as a whole, &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; is on the mark. Please pick it up if you can.
B00003CX95|5.0|Forget the fact that William Wallace was NOT a major character in real Celtic history. He was actually a conglomeration of heroes from lore. And being such, he never really boinked the princess from England. Who the hell cares. Like Rob Roy (see the Liam Neeson movie of the same name. You'll love it) it's the MOVIE that counts. THAT's what I'm reviewing. You want true to life battle scenes. You got `em. The best you'll ever see. Not for the faint of heart. There is so much truth in the struggle of Scotland vs England. If you have ever traced your family tree back to the English Isles, you will feel the indignity forced upon Mel Gibson's Scots. If any of you have read my reviews you know I am big on cinematography and soundtrack making a movie. It does that and more. The color (everything is GREEN) is so dramatic. The backround music haunts you. The battle close-ups put you in the middle of the horribly real bloodshed. The score leads you emotionally. But the champion of all this is Mel Gibson's performance. If I didn't know he was Mad Max, I'd swear he was William Wallace incarnate. The plot takes you seemlessly from Mel as a small child whose father is killed in revolt against his land bairn, to a mature adult infuriated with the injustice of regal land owners. Tops on my list is the realistic portrayal of medieval power plays, and the way William Wallace is so naively trapped within. This is not just a Hollywood hack and slash. This is an emotional film, encompassing politics and violence in search of  freedom. Anyone who cannot feel the pain of William Wallace in this film, is emotionally dead. This movie is about impact. This is not just a guy flick. Girls watching this movie with you, will end up crying on your shoulder. And I dare you to watch this film without feeling what the director (Mel again) meant you to feel. Trust me. I am never wrong.
B000059Z8M|5.0|When I went to see Toy Story 2 in the theaters, I was unsure what to expect. I was wary of sequels, such as the Land Before Time and Disney's other attempts at continuing a sucessful story. And as I watched, I realized that this wasn't a sequel, just the next chapter in the life of the beloved Woody and Buzz. The story was well set up, and actually topped the first. It was interesting and funny. It had the same quick wit as the original, but the writers were clearly more comfortable with the characters. It took all of the great things from Toy Story, and used them to build even better things for Toy Story 2. I highly suggest it for every reason: It was funny, quick, intelligent, sweet, kind, enticing and interesting.
B00003CX8V|5.0|The Apartment is my favourite Billy Wilder film. It is a perfect marriage of drama and comedy. The story at times is quite dark and shows the sordid side of office life. The main themes of the film are infidelity and despair, but Wilder is able to inject humour into these themes so that the film becomes paradoxically warm and full of emotion. Shirley MacLaine was never better than in her role as Fran Kubelik the `elevator girl' trapped in a hopeless affair. Jack Lemmon likewise gives one of his best performances as `Bud' Baxter trying to get ahead in the office, but a man with principles also and finally a man willing to stand up and be counted. Fred MacMurray did all his best work with Wilder and is wonderfully slimy as J.D. Sheldrake the treacherous boss after only one thing. The film is helped immeasurably by a superb score by Adolph Deutsch, particularly the main theme which I find quite heartbreaking. <br />The MGM DVD is good. It is presented in anamorphic widescreen which shows off the original Panavision print very well. I found the quality of this print to be fine. The images are clear and sharp and the print hardly shows its age at all. The sound quality on this DVD is also good with very little background noise. The dialogue is always audible and the music sounds great. Of course the film neither looks nor sounds like a film released this year, but as a presentation of a film made more than forty years ago this DVD is more than acceptable. The only extra on this DVD is a theatrical trailer which unfortunately is not presented in its correct aspect ratio. The trailer is of interest mainly because it fails to mention the main theme of the movie, i.e. infidelity.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|the music was so cool, because it was like going to a musical in the 2000 century with songs I knew and could relate to, I loved the movie and love the cd.........
B00003CY5K|4.0|Although the audience was predominately teeny bopper females, it was funny and entertaining for us over 30 age group too. From the previews I thought it might be a little silly for me, but rather enjoyed it. I would recommend it to almost anyone, but teenage girls with their mothers would probably enjoy it the best. It had the audience clapping and laughing very loudly in many scenes. Well worth the time and money.
B00003CXDD|5.0|Willow is one of my all time favorite movies. My family and I have enjoyed watching it for years. My brothers and I can recite the entire movie too each other. I myself think it is the best portrayl of the whole wizard and warrior theme. Who better to be a swordsman than Val Kilmer his humor and athletisism create the character Mad Mardigan. A story like this would not have done so well if it weren't for Warwick Davis(Willow) who would of ever thought to put midgets in a movie like this; that person is none other than the TV star/director Ron Howard(Opie)   After all said and done this movie is great and I'll show it to my kids when I get older.
0783240503|4.0|I first heard this on a vinyl LP in 1989, so I had memories of what I thought it was to look like (based on the LP cover).  It seems to me that things have certainly been \\"jazzed\\" up a bit.  I think Donny played an excellent Joseph, and Maria Friedman played a pretty good narrator.    My biggest qualm was the costumes.  I thought it was a bit much for the women in the Pharaoh scenes to wear nothing but fishnet clothes.  This is a biblically based story.  I'd feel obligated to inform friends (especially those with young kids) about the costumes beforehand.  I was a little disappointed to see this in the musical.  The entire musical seems geared toward children, but yet the way it is presented may suggest otherwise.  The music was like I remembered it, however.    <br />All in all I enjoyed the video.  I just felt disappointed to have to tell parents to check it out first when it's a Christian story.  The children in the video seemed to be the target audience.  Tone down the costumes and the suggestive gestures, and it would get an A+.
B000002KD5|5.0|This earlier album is classic, essential Fleetwood Mac and one of the two albums that I would highly recommend~ the other being Rumours.  I was a child when this music was released and these songs evoke wave after wave of visceral memory and associations.  Full with melodies that are fluid and soft, rich with imagery. &quot;Rhiannon&quot; is a jewel, glittering with emotion and subtle sensuousness.  &quot;Over My Head&quot; is a fluid, oceanic song that feels so good in the listening to and that encircles in memory long after the music has stopped.  Stunning clarity and gorgeous music.  Highly, highly recommended.
0783240503|4.0|I first heard this on a vinyl LP in 1989, so I had memories of what I thought it was to look like (based on the LP cover).  It seems to me that things have certainly been \\"jazzed\\" up a bit.  I think Donny played an excellent Joseph, and Maria Friedman played a pretty good narrator.    My biggest qualm was the costumes.  I thought it was a bit much for the women in the Pharaoh scenes to wear nothing but fishnet clothes.  This is a biblically based story.  I'd feel obligated to inform friends (especially those with young kids) about the costumes beforehand.  I was a little disappointed to see this in the musical.  The entire musical seems geared toward children, but yet the way it is presented may suggest otherwise.  The music was like I remembered it, however.    <br />All in all I enjoyed the video.  I just felt disappointed to have to tell parents to check it out first when it's a Christian story.  The children in the video seemed to be the target audience.  Tone down the costumes and the suggestive gestures, and it would get an A+.
B00003CWHP|5.0|Think about it. You combine the sheer brilliance of possibly the greatest rock band alive, with the ulitmate simplicity of symphonic sound, and you have S&amp;M. With the Micheal Kamen on board the team, alongside Metallica they have created possibly the greatest album thinkable.  Using the effect of Metallica's way to tell stories through their Music, Kamen uses this to his full advantage by divising harmony between heavy metal instrument and orchestra, in an explosive mix of Rock ballad to hardcore guitar riffs.  An Excellent buy, recommended for long time fans and newbies to the Music scene. Good day to be alive, Sir.
6305897786|5.0|Though, Roman Polanski works maybe undervalued in the United States for legal reasons, but he is without one of the finest masters of the seventh art. This film proves that fact. It is delicate. It is strong, and of course unusual, the trademark of a truely independent and new thinker - despite his more than forty years of filmaking including Hollywood. This is a director that will continue to challenge his audience for years to come. Johnny Deep delivers a intriguing performance, soft confused and multiply layered as European performance should be, Tim Burton's &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is testament to the same, it is far more English than American. Veteran actor Frank Langella (the natural heir of Chrisopher Lee's Dracula from the 70's) continues his brillant thespian air as the villian. It would be nice to see Polanski Classics like; &quot;Tess&quot; (Nastassja Kinski's Debut), &quot;Bitter Moon&quot;, &quot;Cul de Sac&quot; (Donald Pleasnace at his best), &quot;Replusion&quot;, &quot;MacBeth&quot; (the version Shakespeare would proud of) and even the origianl version of &quot;Knife the Water&quot; in Polish with subtitles -etc edited on DVD.Rather than the typical &quot;Chinatown&quot; and &quot;Frantic&quot;.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is the first film in a LONG time that I think deserved the Best Picture Oscar.  The film is a clever setup, with pissed off characters in a suburban setting, showing that suburbia is FAR less innocent than we may believe (or want) it to be.  American Beauty is one of the only films with a beginning that REALLY pulls you in, that makes you want to see more.  <br />&quot;Want me to kill him for ya?&quot;<br />&quot;Yeah, would you?&quot;<br />That first glimpse into the film makes you wonder who this guy is that we're about to follow, during the final portion of his life.  The images of roses, nudity, cleanliness, and the camcorder make this film very unique.  It's one of the first films in a long time to have memorable symbolism.  Watch this one with a group of friends, and talk about it afterwards.
6305609721|1.0|Boy!  Compare the picture quality of this movie to the episodes of the original shows that Paramount is releasing.  Star Trek IV is grainy, and has a soft focus.  Why couldn't Paramount had gone back and cleaned up the image of it's Star Trek movies, to look as good as the episodes?  As for the film, it is a fun adventure about the preciousness of life.  Too bad you can not enjoy it due to Paramount's lazy treatment of it's presentation on DVD...
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge is Rocky Horror meets The Wizard of Oz meets Princess Bride.  It's a fantastic / fantastical movie that is a strange and fun musical romp.  There was good chemistry between MacGregor and Kidman, and I didn't think that the movie suffered from lack of plot.  It wasn't The Usual Suspects, but it wasn't meant to be.  The cinematography is very stylized, but it all works within the context of what's happening.  The sets are opuluent, the cast is great, and the music is just fun.  You'll find yourself laughing over and over.  Roxanne and Like A Virgin were great moments.  It really is well-worth going to see if you are of an age that you have 70's and 80's music permanently ingrained in your memory.  I will buy the DVD as soon as it's out.
0385335482|2.0|Oh my....this was a disappointing read!  The main character, Rebecca, is so shallow and clueless that I wanted her to suffer bankruptcy and to be thrown into prison.  Her answer to her obsession with shopping and overspending is to get a job in a retail store on the weekends....hello?!?!  I bet you can't guess what happens next, right?  Although she can't bear to open her late payment notices, she becomes a financial wiz on a local television news show....and gets the guy....PLEASE!!!!<br />The end of this book was also predictable, but was the only thing that justified my reading it.  Don't waste your money on this one!!
B00003CXN3|4.0|A plethora of acting elite star in this three story epic about the war on drugs both in the U.S and Mexico.  Spanning through the top brass of the United States down to the grittiest part of this strange war, the Mexican police department.  Benicio Del Toro plays a lowly Mexican cop, a man who is haunted by his past, and regrets the future he soon will have.  In a country where law enforcement is considered an entreprenurial endevour, the Mexican police are individuals of both crime and a demented sense of justice.  Other roles played by Catherine Zeta Jones, as the wife of an accused drug lord and Dennis Quaid as the lawyer that defends him are also memerable.  Michael Douglis's part, is less than memerable.  It is terrible over-acted, and could have been played at the same level by any mediocer actor.  All in all, a good film.
0399236201|5.0|I am half way through the book and it the best book i've read so far! and i can't put down! and the way he descibes everything makes it that much better! if you want to buy a good book that is easy to read between the ages of 10+. This is the first book i've read with out stopping in the middle! <br />SO BUY THIS BOOK NOW, FOR AN ACTION PACKED FUN, BOOK!
630575070X|3.0|Well, I don't want to spoil everyone's fun, but this movie is basiclly for the kids. For anyone who's ver seen and liked the original, I reccomend this as a renter to see if you like it. Jar Jar Binks, the &quot;comic relief,&quot; isn't funny (unless you're laughing at how incredibly stupid he is), he's just plain annoying! Hardly faithful to the Star Wars series, I reccomend A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi.
B00005AWMR|5.0|If you like Springsteen, you will love this album.  If you are a casual listener to him, you will still love this album.  It has it all - blues, hard rock, ballads and his classics.
6304698682|4.0|4 stars for the movie &quot;Pale Rider&quot;. Yes, it is very &quot;Shane&quot;like. True, it is not the very best Clint Eastwood movie out there. Yet, overall it is a very involving movie. The scenes are gorgeous (some of the scenes could easily be Ansel Adams stills if they were in Black and White). The plot, while borrowed at several points from other classic westerns, is straight forward and good. It is a film that you can watch and watch again.<br />3 stars for the DVD. It just doesn't offer that much more than a VHS. Obviously the picture and sound quality are better but the &quot;Special Features&quot; are just average. Get the DVD because the quality of the film is better but don't expect the &quot;extras&quot; to blow you away.<br />Overall the DVD of Pale Rider is 3 1/2 stars (in my opinion).
0783222955|5.0|This movie brings back so many memories of my own childhood.  The daily antics of childhood's long summer days are portrayed with simple ease and grace.  The part played by Gregory Peck was played with such integrity and is a splendid thing to watch especially with children as they are not too often afforded the opportunity to see such a role model as this.  This movie makes it so easy to remember.  I love to set the mood when I watch this movie.  I prefer to watch it with the windows wide open and the lights low on a hot summer night.  I'll remember it always as I hope my children and yours will too.
B000002KDI|5.0|Folks, this might possibly be the greatest album ever recorded, live or in the studio.  I put it right up there with &quot;Live at the Fillmore&quot; or Eat a Peach,&quot; &quot;Appetite for Destruction,&quot; &quot;Are You Experienced,&quot; or any Zeppelin album.  From top to bottom every track is outstanding and at its best.  I think that Neil masters acoustics live with his &quot;Unplugged&quot; album and his electric side live with &quot;Weld.&quot;  This is the total synthesis of the genius and talent of both sides at the pinnacle of his outstanding and still ongoing career.  Its hard to describe just how well this album flows or how powerful each track is.  I think that the original &quot;Tonights the Night&quot; is more noteworthy emotionally than musically.  On &quot;Live Rust,&quot; &quot;Tonights the Night&quot; becomes in all out musical masterpiece with at least as much emotion.  &quot;Comes a Time&quot; may be my favorite Neil Young song, and its really nice to have it here for anyone who doesn't have the means to by every Neil Young album.  I know no one my age (17) who knows much about Neil Young and I think its a shame cause once you really hear his music and understand what he's all about its hard to find someone better.  Phish and Widespread are cool but there are few more talented than this guy.  This is a great album to discover many aspects of Neil Young and the more that do, the better.  Buy this album.
B00003CXRP|5.0|The theme of people and their possessions and relationships being cast away through life is woven throughout this amazing tale.  Tom Hanks transforms before your eyes as he first cast away his girl friend for another seemingly urgent business trip.  A career that cast away, or he thinks he must cast away his personal life, or forever put it on hold for another delivery.<br />The fate of life rips him from the seemingly urgency of everyday life and it's false priorities, and casts him away to a life where he must cast away first his worthless pager, then the things that are now worthless in his isolated deserted island life.  The seemingly worthless items that wash a shore with him prove to be of great value, like ice skates and the volleyball.  As he cast away his preconceived notions of what things are important in life, he so struggles to hang onto the hope of reconnecting with his girl friend.<br />Days of early survival melt into over four years as he finds his only priority in life is to just be able to breath each day, one day at a time.  Time is recorded as marks on a wall, not by the precision of watches, clocks and calendars.  The physical and emotional transformation of Tom Hanks is beyond remarkable, it is stunning.  Yet the best is saved for last.<br />His reunion with his old friends as he steps back into his previous life confronts him with a personal reassessment of what in life is important, not urgent, nor just wasting your life on this earth.  He first finds that his old girl friend has in one way cast him away to marry someone else, yet she has followed him as he was lost at sea and his eventual rescue in every detail.  Her heart was in some way never letting go of the hope that he might live, yet her head cast away the relationship to allow her to continue on with her life, marry and have children.  She almost wants to cast away her husband, children and her comfortable life to return to the love of her life, yet he knows in his heart that he must at last cast away his heart felt hope of someday returning and marrying her.<br />His hope was his life line, yet his hope now must be cast away to free himself to live the rest of his life.  He follows his heart in the closing scene to find himself faced with a decision that many of us never allow ourselves to face, that of in which new direction do I live my life.  As he stares at the four roads that each lead to four or more irreversible paths with his life, we are left wondering as he is, what life changing choice to make, and which others to cast away.  Knowing that the choice of one, casts aside all others.<br />Helen Hunt again proves herself as one of our great dramatic actresses.  From her look of heartfelt disappoint as he leaves for another urgent trip, to her uncomfortable feelings as she again reconnects with her lost love.  Tom Hanks rises above and beyond acting as he becomes the man who must chose to live or to die with each of life's choices.  He faces the pain of isolation by sharing himself with Wilson his imaginary friend.<br />Technically the movie on DVD is spectacular, with the special effects adding the visual impact that the writers envisioned in their imagination.<br />You do not leave the movie when it ends, you yourself begin to examine each time consuming part of your life. Things, jobs and relationships and wonder what should I keep and what should I cast away.he must at last cast away his heart felt hope of someday returning and marrying her.  <br />His hope was his life line, yet his hope now must be cast away to free himself to live the rest of his life.  He follows his heart in the closing scene to find himself faced with a decision that many of us never allow ourselves to face, that of in which new direction do I live my life.  As he stares at the four roads that each lead to four or more irreversible paths with his life, we are left wondering as he is, what life changing choice to make, and which others to cast away.  Knowing that the choice of one, casts aside all others.<br />Helen Hunt again proves herself as one of our great dramatic actresses.  From her look of heartfelt disappoint as he leaves for another urgent trip, to her uncomfortable feelings as she again reconnects with her lost love.  Tom Hanks rises above and beyond acting as he becomes the man who must chose to live or to die with each of life's choices.  He faces the pain of isolation by sharing himself with Wilson his imaginary friend.  <br />Technically the movie on DVD is spectacular, with the special effects adding the visual impact that the writers envisioned in their imagination.<br />You do not leave the movie when it ends, you yourself begin to examine each time consuming part of your life. Things, jobs and relationships and wonder what should I keep and what should I cast away.
6305426651|5.0|So there I was, looking for a video to rent and this one had a lame title but promised a powerful ending. I rented it. The beginning was almost like a comedy; this realistic-looking (i.e. not a Hollywoodized version of a Jewish person) Jewish fellow was very lighthearted as he creatively courts a very beautiful woman, the kind you're thinking, &quot;This guy? THAT woman? Yeah right, as if THAT could ever happen...&quot; The movie continues; the family winds up in a Nazi Prison Camp but again, the Jewish fellow uses his creativity and wits to keep his young son from knowing the truth by creating an elaborate story about how they're actually in this place willingly, because it's a GAME and they have to play it correctly so they can win first place. <br />The ending - oh god the ending will just blow you away. The review on the back of the video box sure wasn't kidding about THAT part.  <br />This movie did far more than &quot;Schindler's List&quot; ever did for me to understand and be moved by what happened to all those families in NAZI Germany -- I felt like I KNEW the psyche of this Jewish fellow, far more than anyone ever gotten inside Schindler's head, anyhow. In fact, I realize I'm still carrying this skinny little Jewish fellow around in my head; that's probably what prompted me to actually write this review...it's been almost two months since I rented the video, and now I'm here to buy it. I wouldn't probably watch it again, but rather I'd keep it sealed in a keepsake box like a cherished item of my lifetime; this movie really MEANS something.
0679879269|4.0|Philip Pullman has done it again.  His third book to his trilogy, The Amber Spyglass, is one of the best books I've ever read.  This trilogy will definitely go down in writing history has one of the most creative, emotional, and compelling series ever written. His concept of the daemon alone is remarkable.  You will find yourself loving or hating the characters more and more in this book and it will engulf during and even after you've finished reading it.  However, to warn religious readers, Philip Pullman is not a very strong God activist.  It seems as though he was a victim of Catholic complacency, legalism, and hypocrisy.  He brings those harbored feelings out in the Amber Spyglass and takes his anti-church theme to an all out anti-God theme.  This aspect of the book and trilogy was the only thing I can remember that I was dissappointed with and the only reason I didn't give him a full five stars.  For those readers who don't like taking criticism about their faith, Christians of any denomination, I wouldn't recommend it.  For those readers who love fantasy, fiction, and literature alike, or for Christians who can remain objective and just enjoy a good book, a definite must read.
B000056BSA|4.0|This is a story about food, motion sickness and love-- but not necessarily in that order.  \\"Woman On Top,\\" directed by Fina Torres, stars the alluring Penelope Cruz as Isabella Oliveira, a young woman endowed with both a gift and a curse; her gift (besides being beautiful) is that she is an absolute magician in the kitchen, having learned the culinary secrets of exotic dishes at an early age in her home town of Bahia, Brazil.  Her curse is that she has always been susceptible to motion sickness, a condition which at the most inopportune times has had a significantly debilitating effect on her.  As with her cooking, however, Isabella learned early on how to master the situation.  To overcome it, she learned, she simply has to be the one in control-- in a car, she has to drive; on the dance floor, she has to lead; she takes the stairs instead of the elevator; and even while making love, she has to take charge.  And, as is often the case with one who aggressively works to overcome a difficulty, it's made her strong.  Without even thinking about it, Isabella has learned not only how to transcend her problem, but how to control her own life, as well, which is good-- up to a point.  But as she one day discovers, it can also lead to certain complications; complications that have to do with matters of the heart.  With love.<br /> One day, at a restaurant near the beach in Bahia, Isabella meets a young man, Toninho (Murilo Benicio), who happens to own the restaurant.  When he sees Isabella, it's love at first sight.  He is swept away by her beauty, and when he discovers what she can do in the kitchen! well-- he simply does not rest until she consents to be his wife.  And it's a marriage made in heaven.  Almost.  They love each other passionately, and with Isabella in the kitchen, the restaurant begins to thrive.  But while Toninho is out in front with the customers taking bows, Isabella is hidden away doing the cooking.  Which is fine with her; they have each other, and theyare doing what they love.  Still, there is the matter of Isabella having to be the \\"one on top\\" all the time, and even though Toninho understands why, it begins to subtly eat away at his ego.  After all, a man must be a man, no matter what-- and when finally, though he loves Isabella deeply, he feels he must give into his \\"urge\\" and do something to reaffirm his masculinity, problems begin to arise.  And that's when Isabella discovers how mixed the blessings of her life are, and realizes that she, too, has some reaffirming to do.  So she makes a decision and sets a course that ultimately changes her life, as well as Toninho's, and soon she is many miles from home, settled in San Francisco, where she is about to use her expertise to tantalize the palates of an unsuspecting public.<br /> With more than a touch of spice, Torres serves up a touching, and often amusing love story that is every bit as pleasurable as the many delightful dishes Isabella concocts with the touch of her magic ladle.  It's an engagingly sensuous and romantic film, with implied sensual overtones that makes it a banquet rather than just a one course meal.  Torres, you could say, is quite a chef in her own right.  She tastefully plays up and maintains the romance throughout the film, and her use of that as her main ingredient is what makes her story and her film so appealing.  That and the fact that she has some delicious characters with which to work, beginning with the wonderful Penelope Cruz.  <br /> Cruz is simply marvelous in this role, parlaying her natural beauty and charisma into an endearing, memorable character.  She uses all of her charms to great effect, while establishing a character whose moral tenets are never in question.  Isabella's dignity is never compromised, and the passion she exhibits in all areas of her life have a sense of refinement that makes her accessible and someone you can readily embrace without qualification.  Cruz is quite simply a class act, and the fact that shecould create a character of such singular, sensuous virtue is a tribute to her abilities as an actor.<br /> Benicio pulls it off well, also, creating a likable cad in Toninho.  He's a macho guy, but when it comes right down to it, he's not afraid to let you see his weak side, and Benicio shades him perfectly with that sense of humanity that makes him real and someone to whom you can relate.  By showing you the boy that still resides within the man, you can at least understand him somewhat, instead of just wanting to whack him upside the head to make him wake up.  It's a good performance, and he and Cruz definitely have some chemistry together.<br /> The supporting cast includes Harold Perrineau Jr. (Monica), Mark Feuerstein (Cliff), John de Lancie (Alex), Anne Ramsay (TV Director) and Ana Gasteyer (Claudia).  This is a romantic comedy that should appeal to a wide audience, as Torres has successfully navigated the waters of the genre, keeping \\"Woman On Top\\" afloat while avoiding any stereotypes or tired cliches.  It's a refreshingly romantic film that steers clear of anything close to being \\"sappy,\\" without ever letting you lose track of what it's really all about, which is food, love and motion sickness.  And not necessarily in that order.
B00000ICD9|5.0|...<br />This movie makes you think about fate and afterlife and soulmates... all concepts that people vary over gratly.  It has to be one of the most beautiful movies ever created.  It is visually stunning.  It is exciting and romantic and sad.  Without giving too much away.. as some of the other reviewers here have done... I will say that Williams is reunited with his children in the afterlife and the way he finds them is sweet and heartening.  This movie will make you think about those you love and what you would do if they were gone...<br />There is so much to say about the movie, but I don't want to spoil it for anyone.<br />I diidn't like that alternate ending on the DVD, but the concept was interesting... it was not executed well... I'm a big fan of \\"bookends\\" so the original ending appealed to me for obvious reasons.  The special features are fantastic... Especially if you enjoy the film's art.<br />I now know how I'll paint my little girl's bedroom someday.<br />If you are not open to ideas of afterlife or anything that varies from your typical white clouds and angels playing harps, this film is not for you.
1556154844|3.0|This book is horribly out of date.  It was written in the early 90's, and the author deals mainly with a handful of programming languages, only one of which people really use nowadays.  Furthermore, much of the information is very basic.  There is definite value in reading this book if you're a new college grad, and have no industry experience; there are lots of common sense coding practices detailed that people generally pick up on the job.  However, for those with industry experience, especially those who have worked on a released product, the entirety of this book will old hat, save for chapter 31-Personal Character, which I think is deserving of a read by everyone - but just spend 10 minutes with it in a bookstore.
B000002H2H|4.0|Metallica's first three albums with Cliff Burton on bass are all good, but all different. 'Master Of Puppets' was the most commercial being released on a major record label. One has to ask tho, if this had been given the same publishing, would this be recognised higher ? Whilst it doesn't contain the complexity of Master, it's an evolution of the energy and Motorhead inspired riffs of their first piece. What you get then, is frantic thrash metal, with an extreme sense of melody, which although is present on Master, is far more restrained. Certain songs on here such as 'Fight Fire With Fire' and 'Creeping Death' are more akin to Slayer than the traditional Metallica sound. Certainly 'Master Of Puppets' is Metallica at the height of their musical prowess being both complex and highly conceptual, but this is far less held back and way more aggressive.<br />Okay there's only 8 tracks, but of these I'd say only two were filler - 'Traped Under Ice' and 'Escape', both of which sound more like they belong on 'Kill 'Em All'. Not that thats a bad thing at all, but 'Kill 'Em All' is less mature and fashioned more in the 'I want to be in Motorhead really badly' vein rather than the 'I want to thrash the pants of glam metal and invent my own music' vein.<br />In short I think this album is superior to both 'Master Of Puppets' and 'Kill 'Em All'. It's really really melodic, but not held back which is a hard aspect to grasp when you try and put melody into such a heavy context. Hell, the boys even manage to pull of a ballad, yet it fits perfectly in keeping with the rest of the album. I guess thats due to the concept which keeps the album held together. Basically all the songs explore death from various points of view. 'Master Of Puppets' I supose does have the edge in that respect because death is hardly an original metal theme now is it ?<br />It's a great album, most of their best songs are on here, from the ballad 'Fade To Black', to the almost Slayer-like death metalish 'Fight Fire With Fire', to concert favourite 'Creeping Death'. Way under-rated and easily their best.
0767800958|4.0|&quot;The Tango Lesson&quot; is not an American-type movie.  You can interprete it in a few different ways.  It will not spell it out for you what it is all about.  It makes you think.<br />The shooting is very good.  There are some very memorable scenes, I saw the movie a few days ago in IFC, but they still linger inside my head.  The farewell scene at the airport would be a classic, as well as the 3-on-1 dance at the warehouse.  I have to give Sally Potter an A+ for her effort as a tango dancer.  Overall, I enjoyed this movie, it gave me a good 100 minutes of entertainment.  On a scale of 1-10, I'll give it a 7.5.  Now if you just call your girlfriend/boyfriend over, and with a bottle of red wine, the possibilites are limitless...
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca is a great example of how science fiction films should be produced today in Hollywood. With little special effects, an original plot, a beautiful 1950s-like production design, and a wonderful musical score, this film has all the elements for a sci-fi classic. Its original plot is a great message to the audience: it questions humanity and the art of science. Its special features is quite disappointing, only a behind-the-scenes look and a trailer. The region 2 version was released with deleted scenes. Hopefully the studio will release a special edition in the future.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This was the first full length technicolor animated movie and is in this reviewers opinion Disney's finest hour. It begins in the now time honoured (and recently brilliantly parodied in Shrek!)fashion with a beautiful bejewelled fairy tale book opening and the pages magically turning as the tale unfolds. The camera pans through multiplane layers of foliage and onto the castle home of our heroine the lovely Snow White and her stepmother the Wicked Queen. The Queen mounts the steps to her Magic Mirror, conjures up the Golem like Slave of the said Mirror and intones the usual question&quot;Who now is the Fairest of them all?&quot;. When the Queen learns that Snow White is now No#1 Fairest you can just tell from the expression on her face that trouble is brewing !! Poor Snow is now kept a virtual prisoner in her late Father's castle and made a servant by the Stepmom from Hell !! When the Prince Charming visits Snow White at the Wishing Well they're seen by the Evil Queen. Holding a state of the Art Deco jewelled casket the Queen, eyes glinting, orders the Huntsman to &quot;Bring back her heart in this&quot; The Huntsman cannot go through with it and urges our heroine to run and hide in the forest.Rushing through the scary forest full of clutching trees and alligator like vines Snow White sprawls out and the staring eyes turn out to be the forest animals watching her plight. They lead her to the Dwarfs Cottage , where she sets about cleaning up. When the dwarfs come back from their diamond mine they are taken aback to discover lights on in their home and decide to confront the imaginary monster.You know the rest!  There are some stand out scenes - the transformation of my favourite Disney villainess the magnificent Wicked Queen into the Peddlar Woman aka the  Old Witch. The sophisticated angles used in this sequence recall the similarly angled shots used in the Creation of the Bride in James Whale's Bride of Frankenstein.  The Dwarfs Mine  which provides our introductionto the now familiar Seven little men is another lovely scene with each characters foibles picked out. Little Dopey most children's ( and adult's too !! )favourite Dwarf has a nice moment when  clearing up the discarded diamonds and other jewels he pops two of the jewels into his eyes much to Doc's annoyance. Finally after the splendid cross cutting Poisoned Apple will she won't she eat the Apple sequence -  when the Witch is cornered by our heroes and it looks as if they might have their bones crushed the lightening saves the day and our old Crone's former helpmates the Vultures disappear into the mists to feed upon her!! What delights me about this movie is that is is redolent with a thirties feel. The characters of Snow White and her rather fey prince are pure ingenue Janet Gaynor and matinee idol actor Charles Farrell.Our seven heroic friends are all sort of music hall/burlesque stooges and funny characters, no doubt with mannerisms of the other thirties movie comedians. The Queen a blend of vampish Marlene Dietrich and power dressed Joan Crawford . In other words far from being timeless it is set in the thirties period but without the silly clever knowing manner of modern intentionally anachronistic Disney animated pre sold packaged output. In short it has bags of charm - something this studios modern ouevre almost completely lacks. Whatever you do buy this classic - you and your family will enjoy it for years to come and in a format that makes the very best of Disney's Fairest of them all come to life anew !!
B00005N5S5|5.0|Many people, with due right, consider T2 to be a modern classic. But many also forget where the story began. In 1983, James Cameron made &quot;The Terminator&quot;. It's budget was a lot less than that T2, but Cameron employed a number of cunning tricks to get the story across. For instance, he set his story in modern day so that he didn't have to pay for futuristic sets and effects. After the - frankly awful - first US release of &quot;The Terminator&quot; on DVD, this double-disc bonanza is welcomed with open arms.  The extras are great (apart from the script drafts - who wants to read pages and pages on a television anyway?), and the package is nicely designed with a modern &quot;metallic&quot; take on the T1 poster. There's even a great deleted scene where Michael Biehn gets all emotional about grass! Okay, so it can be too violent for some and too silly for others, but its a classic all on its own. It boosted Arnie's career, and still remains one of his best performances to date. The only odd thing is why the prologue text is presented as subtitles at the beginning of the film and not overlayed onto the image. But 5 stars it deserves, and 5 stars it gets. I sure hope (living in the UK, where the Region 2 version of this DVD is already out) that the currently un-released Region 2 disc of Terminator 2 (or, the R2-T2 - ha) is just as good.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day suddenly hit the world by surpise with this shockingly incredible punk/pop cd that made punk mainstream again, with bands like Rancid, The Offspring &amp; Blink following in there footsteps to the mainstream. Great songs like Basket Case, When I Come Around, Longview &amp; She hit radio stations and I'm really happy or these humble, down to earth punk rockers. Billie Joe Armstrong is a great lead singer and has that pefect ranting, punk voice. The guitars,drums,bass &amp; lyrics are all great &amp; blow away almost all the other in the punk scene. Go buy this, I almost never give 5's easily so I strongly recommend this.
B00003CXRP|4.0|With this DVD, discover the unforgettable journey of hope, courage and survival. Tom Hanks gives one of his most commendable performances as Chuck Noland, a Fed-Ex system engineer whose plane crashes somewhere over the South Pacific, near an isolated island that's twice the size of Texas. He struggles to survive and finds his own personal journey has only just begun...<br />A pretty in-your-face action epic adventure which will be appreciated by all age groups above teenagers (inclusive). For those who seek the new Robinson Crusoe journey on DVD will relish this exquisite work of art by Robert Zemeckis. Starring Tom Hanks and Helen Hunt, this movie has the smallest cast ever, I think, since most of the movie focuses on Tom Hanks. Apart from that, there are only about 5 other characters. <br />I give this film 4 stars. Enjoy. Kick back, put your feet up, tuck under a nice electric blanket, and turn up the volume, cos' you'll be casted away till the end.
B0000524E5|4.0|I'm pretty sure for all of us guys whose seen the trailer for the first time thought this movie was targeted for the male audience. But guess what, producer Jerry Bruckheimer fooled us! It's a... chick flick! But it's a... good chick flick! Not only is Piper Perabo's character is infectiously loveable, but the other Coyotes are hot and sexy as well. The plot isn't extra-ordinary, but it's fun to watch with the help of the great soundtrack and funny moments. The DVD features a behind-the-scenes look at the movie, cool graphics, and a music video with LeAnn Rimes.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This is simply one of the best and most unforgettable movie-musical of 2001 and all thanks to the visionary Baz Lahurman. Some may find the whole affair overtly tacky but it's all meant to be satire in those spots...<br /><br />The amount of dazzle and consummate acting by the entire cast is well-matched and the singing, what can I say...Ewan McGregor can REALLY sing and Nicole Kidman aint half as bad...<br /><br />Love it or hate it type of movie but if u know how to appreciate it, this is one post-modern flick set to 70's/80's songs...and more! Bravo!
B00005B4GU|5.0|I bought Radiohead's Amnesiac , only knowing that it would be slightly like Kid A ( another cd of theirs that I own). I was happily surprised to find out that in my opinion this cd , was better than Kid A. The fact that it can contain such a variety of different songs , yet still be so great to me is amazing. From the melodramatic sounds of &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; , and &quot;Morning Bell/Amnesiac&quot; , to the uptempo beats of &quot;Knives Out&quot; , this a great cd all it's own.
6304935811|4.0|George C. Scott is really good, but here's the simple secret to PATTON's greatness: the writer.<br />The screenplay, including that thundering monologue at the open and all the dreamy stuff about ancient Rome and the Carthaginians, was written by Francis Ford Coppola, the genius behind THE GODFATHER, APOCOLYPSE NOW, and others.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This movie was awesome. Definetly the best movie of 2000. The acting and camera work was really cool. The dvd is really good with a great picture and great sound.
6305648522|5.0|From Tornatore's brilliant directing, Morricone's heart-aching score, the beautiful acting by unknown players, and the very compelling plot, Cinema Paradiso is the best foreign picture ever released in the late 20th century. Forget Life Is Beautiful, Il Postino, and Like Water For Chocolate. Cinema Paradiso is a brilliant masterpiece! The film has won the Oscar for Best Foreign Picture in its US release year.
B00003CX95|5.0|This Movie sends me to a different time and Place every time I watch it. The Story is so engrossing! The Love story is Timeless!
B000000W6F|5.0|Gish is the kind of album (actually, it is a one-of-a-kind album) that I saturate myself in. Just acquiesce to the music, because if you don't, your desire to do so will linger in your system until it poisons you! The Smashing Pumpkins, as my favorite band, really locked me away and through away the key with this one - poetic goth rock misted with acoustics and grunge.
0441003257|5.0|Terry Pratchett is the author of the hugely successful Discworld series.  Neil Gaiman is the author of the hugely successful Sandman series.  What happens when you put the two together?<br />You get one of the best science fiction books ever laid down in print.  Neil's dark humour and Terry's sheer inventive madness of Terry complement each other perfectly.  The book is a rollicking trip through the events leading up until the end of the world.  Even the introduction of characters is hilarious.  From beginning to end, this is a great read that I can't put down (even though I've read it several times).
0792838068|5.0|One of the best and most original movies i've seen. Certainly Cage's performance is his best yet and he deservedly won the best actor oscar for it. But who really makes the film for me is Shue, she is perfectly cast and plays a great role. The soundtrack is very good and perfectly complements the visuals, which are outstanding. The dvd makes it even better with Vegas truly looking like Vegas. This is definetly the best i've seen this movie look and sound.
B000002LOE|5.0|Well, I've known REM since I was a little kid and hear &quot;Stand&quot; and &quot;It's the End of the World,&quot; but I never really took an interest into getting an album by them, as I figured the only good parts about them would probably be what they played on the radio.  So, 13 years go by, and I rummage through a wide array of musical tastes, settling deep into underground prog-rock, thinking that REM was too shallow and simple for my &quot;sophisticated&quot; musical tastes.  Heehee... wrong.  One day, I'm hanging out at a friend's house and he throws the album in.  And from the cheery/cynical first A-flat chord to the drug-out D-flat 44 minutes and 11 seconds later, I was completely amazed at how something could be so simple, yet so brilliant.  Now from what I hear, this is not their best album, and I personally don't have enough knowledge to really say yes or no to that.  However, this album has grown on me immensely in the month that I have had it.  I listen to it almost every day now in some way shape or form.  It puts me in a good mood, a deep mood, even a &quot;shiny happy&quot; mood.  I hate to say it, but I can't not like &quot;Shiny Happy People,&quot; even though the song just screams &quot;Sell-out!&quot;  It puts a smile on my face through the whole song that I just can't wipe off *L*  I love this album, and I feel I'm ready to venture more into the world of REM.  There's so much stuff of theirs to choose from, I'm not sure what direction to take next!  I just love this album, and have no bias to alter that evaluation.
B000002H33|4.0|Many people will agree that this is Metallica's best album, but it's more like &quot;one of their best.&quot; But I like how it has power chords and the songs have no filler, whatsoever. This is still going to be in the shelves of many peoples' &quot;classics&quot; collection of metal albums. However, it's hard to describe since it's so darn good.
0790729989|1.0|What a horrible film. How could the people who created this mess justify the existence of this film? How many more disgusting, pointless films such as this one which look into the depth of human ugliness are going to be thrust out at the public and presented as creative masterpieces? What a waste!
0440234743|2.0|For a Grisham novel, this story is surprisingly up close and personal.  The primary plot depicts the predicable squabbling and manuevering as the mean-spirited heirs of an obscenely wealthy self-made man discover that they have been eliminated from his will in favor of an illegitimate child nobody has ever heard of.  So far, so good and all the well-know Grisham magic is at work in the world of legal posturing and manipulation.<br /><br />The secondary plot however is the real grabber here.  Grisham has always given us glimpses as the real human stories behind at least one or two of his central characters.  The male lead here is a thoroughly incompetent alcoholic who has finally, as the story opens, hit bottom for the last time.  He's screwed up everything -- marriages, kids, career, health.  Sounds like a trip up a jungle river into the huge rainforest of the Pantenol preserve in South America is the only thing that might shock him into straightening up and flying right.  It does ...   <br /><br /> This one is no thriller along the lines of A Time to Kill or The Chamber, etc.   The banal existence of the parasitic rich kids is almost distressingly well portrayed but there's no big mystery or plot to be unveiled.  One might even suspect the author jotted this one down over a weekend with a deadline due.  It's pretty good brain candy though, if that's what you need.
B000002J27|5.0|I do believe the Gabriel genesis is a better genesis than Phil's. However I respect Phil's approach on this album, the lyrics still have a british flair, and the members of Genesis still have great storytelling and interesting things to say.  The only bad thing i see happening with the absense of Gabriel is the pop format the songs are taking.  I like the spontaneous, unpredictable style of Gabriel, it is unlike anything i've ever heard. But now without him, Genesis takes the opprotunity to introduce their personalities, which is hard to except after the flamboyant Gabriel's reign.  Although this album is a little more pop produced, i can't deny them of writing great music that's fun and enjoyable, it's just not the same experience without Gabriel's presence.
B00004WGAF|5.0|House of Cards is the first of three BBC productions based on the writings of Michael Dobb's.  It introduces the character of Francis Urquhart, a party whip in the House of Parliament who, spurned by the newly elected PM and under the influence of his Lady Macbeth of a wife, aspires to greater things -- a person whose cleverness and urbanity are only outdone by his villainy.  Ian Richardson plays the part to perfection, probably his greatest theatrical triumph, which alone makes this show and the whole trilogy worth seeing.  In the manner of a Shakespearean villain Richardson speaks asides to the audience, and the charm of his manner draws the viewers into his confidence and onto his side.  Even without speaking his slight glances and facial expressions made for our benefit alone make us his accomplices.  Only toward the end of the film when we see the extremes to which his ambition has taken him do we begin to want to disassociate ourselves from him, but by that time we are too far gone.  It is an excellent production with a good cast of supporting actors and a fine story line.  The motif of the ever present rat is perhaps a tad overdone, but this is a fine bit of British drama.  Do see it.
6305513406|4.0|I was about 4 years old when this originally aired, but I remember it, it shaped my life (foolish as that sounds). Viewed thru a DVD on a big tv with composite video this is simply beautiful! I had to turn down the overall color, but once I did this is nothing short of a perfect print! I only wish the remainder of the series lived up to this high standard, it doesn't! This one may be beautiful but the remaining series is best judged individually (especially at this price), quality varies, widely.
0380733358|5.0|Although Follett has never written a bad, or even a mediocre book, this is still the absolute best.  The protagonist reaches off the first page and grabs you by the neck and never lets up.  And he's the bad guy!<br /><br />The plot offers the very real possibility that a German spy of great resources, intelligence, super-human determination and loyalty snuck into London with the cold-blooded mission of obtaining vital access for Hitler's invasion forces.  As usual with Follett this guy is extremely human -- you can't help identifying with him despite his being ready, willing and able to slit the throats of anybody who gets in his way.<br /><br />An afternoon in bed with a fully operational German spy proves to be the required antidote for the heroine of the book who is being suffocated by life with a cold crippled excuse for a husband. Will she give in to her sensuous nature or deny herself for love of country?   It's never really in doubt, although the raw appeal of sexual attraction is a subject Follett has honed and refined in every book.<br /><br />This book is a gem.
0792846303|4.0|What a gem of a movie! It is very underrated. Carpenter has great mood and tension, as usual. More impressive (especially for a horror flick) is that it is acted wonderfully and I love the entire cast! Furthermore, there is not a lot of gore and most of the good characters actually survive. The Fog is a token from the era of classy horror.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is like nothing you have ever seen.  That much I can garantee you.  Guy Pierce suffers from a specialized form of amnesia where he no longer can make short term memories.  His long term memory is intact right up to the incident which caused his condition...and his wife's death.  Thus our swiss-cheese brained hero is seeking revenge for his wife, while his memory is wiped clean every ten minutes or so.  Covered in tatoo's, pocket's full of polaroids with notes scribbled on them (such as a picture of what his car looks like, aptly labeled &quot;Your Car&quot;) Pierce has to try and find the man responsible for the way his life is now while mixing with a great assorment of characters with no idea of how he met any of them or who he can trust.  This is easily the best movie I saw this year and I highly recommend it.
B000000ISG|5.0|This is one of Aretha's greatest titles. A few classics like the title cut,&quot;Respect&quot;,and &quot;Dr. Feelgood&quot; make it worth purchasing. The instrumental &quot;Soul Serenade&quot; and Aretha's rendition of Sam Cooke's  &quot;A Change is Gonna Come&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Drown In My Own Tears&quot;(Ray Charles has a version) makes this an outright spectacular album. Aretha fans will agree this album has the flavor of the songs we treasure. It's worth it so buy it or keep on looking for it, I found it at a chain music store on CD. Of course I have the 33rpm version.
B000001FA4|5.0|I gave The Unforgettable Fire five stars for more sentimental reasons than anything else. Sure, this is an excellent cd by an excellent group, but it was seeing the tour that promoted this album that instantly made me convert into U2ism. It was February 25, 1985 @ Reunion Arena, Dallas, a night I'll never forget, when I first saw four T-shirt-and-jeans clad boys from Dublin walk on stage who not only looked like me, but manged to be superstars while looking like me. At the time, I was intimidated by all the babes going for guys looking like Duran Duran. So I tried looking like a member from Duran Duran just to get girls, only to end up looking like a fool. the members of U2 and thier music taught me that by being &quot;cool&quot; means you're only comforming to a fashion club that may not accept you, and that your not being true to yourself in the process.
0767817710|4.0|If you know Sam Raimi's work (Evil Dead, Army of Darkness) then you know that he can somehow pull off action scenes that would turn horribly cheesy in other director's hands.  With Raimi, though, they come off with a certain charm.  This movie centers around a quickdraw gunfight contest in a town run by an evil Gene Hackman who is squeezing the town for every penny he can get.  Within the first five minutes we are introduced to about twenty characters, each of them intersting, each of them with a story, and each of them original enough to make anyone continue watching to see where they fit in as the movie goes on.  Raimi's camera work is great, there are any number of dazzling shots and a different take on the classic gunfighter showdown everytime one occurs (which is pretty often in a movie where the basic plotline is that thirty people are involved in a quickdraw contest to the death).  This is an enjoyable movie with a good storyline and acting which support the quirky directing.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|Nothing more than a remade series of clips from musicals from the last 50 years along with remade modern music.  All of it set to a visually bombastic series of vignettes which is nothing if it isn't post 20th century hollyweird.  Period piece? forget about it.  A bastardization and a not very entertaining one, you got it.  The only thing entertaining was the rapid pace which left you wondering what it was you'd just seen.  And then you realize that it doesn't matter cause nothing about it hangs together nor was it intended to.<br />Since I do know something and I'm no longer in school it was a complete waste of 16 bucks.
0767802659|4.0|A future society where everyone is healthy and good looking.  A society where &quot;non-citizens&quot; can live in mountside mansions and send their kids to Harvard and go on tours to outerspace.  A society where there is no apparent racial tensions and everyone lives happily.  A world of sparkling clean cities (no graffiti here!) and teenagers that play sports and have healthy libidoes.  AND THIS IS A MOVIE ABOUT THE EVILES OF AN ALL ENCOMPASSING PROPAGANDA DRIVEN NAZI LIKE STATE???  WHAT ARE HALF THE REVIEWERS OUT THEIR- MORONS?  DIDN'T ANYONE READ THE BOOK?  WHO ARE SOME OF THOSE WHO REVIEWED THIS MOVIE- ANARCHISTS AND CONSPIRACY THEORISTS BACK FROM A WTO CONFERENCE?  I READ SOME OF THE REVIEWS AND SAID YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING-CANT ANYONE THINK ANYMORE!  I am so annoyed I can hardly type! Make no mistake, this movie does have some problems-  1.Taking away the books powered suits and replacing them with masses of infantry (where are the technological improvements?) that get mowed down was absurd and distracting. 2.Changing the books story line and taking away some key elements of the book was a negative.  I read the book fifteen years ago and I believe the main characters father survived the asteroid attack on earth and joined the military- which is kind of an important point!  I also seem to remember that their were other alien civilizations that would be sometime allies, sometime enemies.  This was totally removed from the movie. 3.The violence was sometimes over the top- and done with an almost pornographic gusto (however, very typical for Paul V).  It could be argued that Paul V. did this to show the horrors of war, but from his other movies, I think he just enjoys graphic carnage (just like he enjoys doing all his movies with heavy measures of tongue in cheek) 4.The references to Nazism and the juvenile propaganda tapes were distracting and caused a lot of confusion in the reviews.  However, I believe Heinlein meant the messages about citizenship needing tobe earned to be taken seriously.  I am not sure of Paul V.'s intent.  However, even in this movie, the military characters, while rough and cruel (reference the bootcamp), where almost uniformly honorable.  They not only are the only citizens (and theirfore can vote), but they are the only ones willing to sacrifice THEIR lives to protect the &quot;human way of life&quot;.  The reviewer who commented that the destruction of Buenos Aires might not have been real but just propaganda is absurd.  A lot of reviewers seemed to project their own (ie anarchist and conspiracy theorists) thoughts on the movie. One of the only intelligent reviews in this movie was those of A Viewer from Earth.  He seemed to understand it.        For the above shortfalls (and some others) I originally would have only given this two to three stars.  However, watching it a second and third time made me raise my review to 4.  Most of the points of the book were brought out, but in my first viewing, had been diluted by the over-the-top violence, the tongue in cheek propaganda, and the SS type uniforms.  However, the special effects are awesome.  Also, contrary to some of the human biased reviewers, I thought the idea of another intelligence able to travel through space and fight wars with no hardware very creative and well executed (this movie is far more creative than any of the Star Wars movies for example).  The idea that they could evolve specialized creatures with different abilities was very well done.  If someone would have told me that bugs could shoot down starships, I would have laughed.  But the movie made it look realistic and emphasised that an alien species would be truely alien, and not a human with pointy ears (no insult to Star Trek- a truely great series- but on balance, far less believable in both technology and aliens than this movie). Also, despite Paul V. comic book like approach to the propaganda tapes, some confusing signals and messages the movie juxtaposed(perhaps also reflecting the biases of others who had inputs into the script), some corny plot devices, the movie actually raises several deep philosophical questions (probably more than almost any other science fiction movie of the decade- the very idea that citizenship should be earned puts this movie into deeper philosophical waters than 90% of the other movies out there).  I wish Paul V. had taken a somewhat more serious approach to the ideas the book had- it would have led to less confusion and more serious debate.  His clash of styles, ultra violence, corny propaganda sequences, the seeming contradiction of the Nazi like uniforms worn by soldiers by people of all races, as well as the honorableness of virtually all the citizen soldiers (who frequently sacrifice their lives, or if they fail as in the case of Air Marshal, resigned) undoubtedly confused some of the less literate and open minded viewers (ah well, maybe a &quot;literate viewer&quot; is an oxymoron).
B000001F3C|5.0|The second being the Joshua Tree. Third being Achtung Baby, fourth being Zooropa, and finally, last year's All That You Can't Leave Behind. War is not only one of the best albums by U2, this is also one of the best albums made by anyone. From head to toes this cd is enthralling. To start a record with a an athem like &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; only to close it with a ballad like &quot;40&quot; should give a proper definition of rock n' roll to anybody still wondering what the term means. If you subtract the political lyrics for a minute, you'll find that musically U2 were already experimenting even then; on this album they had a string session, a saxaphone player, female back-up singers, and last-but-not-least, The Edge's debut on lead vocals(&quot;Seconds&quot;). For those of you taking U2 101, start with this album because this is when U2 claimed thier identity. Then, graduate to the other four I've mentioned above and you'll discover a body of work that is the most controversial, risk-taking, hence the most interesting of any band's career.
B00003CX8J|3.0|I wasn't an x-men fan or follower when I watched this, so I found characters a bit hard to take at first. <br />The plot is pretty average. Nothing wowzers. It's not very immersive or provocative, but also not bad enough to put you to sleep, like The English Patient.<br />The other main aspect of this film was the special effects. Again, they weren't state of the art, eye popping ones, like The Matrix.<br />To sum it up: X-men is your typical action film.<br />If your're an x-men fan, then you'll probably like this.<br />But otherwise if your're like me, you'll find this just mediocre entertainment.
B000001F3C|5.0|The second being the Joshua Tree. Third being Achtung Baby, fourth being Zooropa, and finally, last year's All That You Can't Leave Behind. War is not only one of the best albums by U2, this is also one of the best albums made by anyone. From head to toes this cd is enthralling. To start a record with a an athem like &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; only to close it with a ballad like &quot;40&quot; should give a proper definition of rock n' roll to anybody still wondering what the term means. If you subtract the political lyrics for a minute, you'll find that musically U2 were already experimenting even then; on this album they had a string session, a saxaphone player, female back-up singers, and last-but-not-least, The Edge's debut on lead vocals(&quot;Seconds&quot;). For those of you taking a U2 101 class, start with this album because this is when U2 claimed thier identity. Then, graduate to the other four I've mentioned above and you'll discover a body of work that is the most controversial, risk-taking, hence the most interesting of any band's career.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix has its fair share of critics as well as fans. <br />The critics found the storyline somewhat confusing and dumb.  (Quote: &quot;Silly and Dense!&quot; Jay Carr, Boston Globe)<br />I thought it was immersive, well thought out and original. Mr Carr here obviously didnt catch on with the storyline. Ok, the first time it took me a little thinking to work out what was oing on too, but once you find out what's going on, you'll love it!!! <br />The critics and I both agree the cast and visual effects are stunning and superb. (Quote: &quot;It's astonishing that so much money, talent, technical expertise...&quot; Bob Graham, San Franciso Chronicle)<br />So, maybe you might find the storyline a bit difficult to follow, but there is no question about the other two major aspects of the film -- the Cast and the Special Effects. Also note that the Matrix received the best special effects award at the oscars (or at someplace else I forgot).<br />If your're still in doubt of whether to buy this or not, read the synopsis carefully, because the plot alone is going to make most people love it or hate it.<br />The extra stuff on the DVD is just icing on the cake, for me.
B000001EAQ|5.0|&quot;This album is a reflection of each of our record collections&quot;. The above is a statement that Bono made when promoting this CD. When you listen to Pop, it shows how broad-minded the members of U2 are when it comes to thier musical tastes. It has Rythem n' Blues, Jazz, Techno, and rock n' roll all in one album! Unfortunately, as it appeard when the record came out, Americans don't care much for versatility. Sure it debut at #1 in the U.S., but it slipped into thin air after the first week, while it remained #1 in other countries for much longer. For the hard core U2 fans, please be as open-minded as them and own this one immediately!!
B000000OAL|5.0|This is one one of my favourite albums from 1973.  In their self-titled first album QUEEN introduced themselves to the world.  Translated into the popular Heavy Metal of the time (if MTRR isn't the best parody of LZ, I don't know what is), nonetheless, their distinctive individuality is prominent.  Who else in this genre was harmonizing? both with vocals (LIAR) and guitars (KEEP YOURSELF ALIVE).  By the end of the first song, Mr May has already supplied the signature &quot;Queen-effect&quot; from the guitar he built with his father.  Mr Mercury receives credit for most of the songs, many of which have religious overtones.  It is a talented melding.  The song JESUS is a bit perplexing.  I am encouraged that QUEEN would place it on their debut album.  It is uncharacteristic of the genre.  I like the song very much because it is an honest hymn.  It celebrates the human aspect of the LORD Jesus.  He heals a leper, he is a leader of men and he was born in Bethlehem.  Then Mr May fills the speakers with an other-worldly guitar solo.  It is a minimalist cycle of descending phrases (okay, maybe that overstates it, but it is awesome ;D).  Perhaps, Mr Mercury's lifestyle, specifically, and Heavy Metals' excesses in general, rankle some people's fundamental sensitivities. Nonetheless, in this fantastic debut album, Mr Mercury has skillfully blended religious issues into a Heavy Metal format without sacrificing the potency of either.  If you are interested in one of the best debut albums, one of the best albums of 1973, one of greatest Heavy Metal bands, or in the confluence of religious philosophy with heavy metal, this CD will interest you.
B000001FRY|5.0|For 20 year old rookies in the business, bono, edge, larry, and adam were a deacde ahead of thier time in terms of writing songs about kids killing themselves(eg; &quot;A Day Without Me&quot;). Mind you, this was long before Pearl Jam's eddie vedder sang about a boy named jeremy.
B000005JAB|3.0|This CD by Mr John Cale is a collection of accoustic ballads overladen with orchestration.  On PARIS 1919, I hear a soundscape familiar to many of the troubadours and minstrels of the early 1970's.  One of the distinguishable characteristics of Mr Cale's songs throughout his career which I enjoy is his biting satire, toungue-in-cheek with a generous dose of dry whit.  Such is well represented here.  In the song &quot;Hanky Panky Nohow&quot; he adeptly directs his talent toward &quot;religion at my door&quot;.  The simple sing-song melody belies the annoyance of this intrusion.  I share in the revulsion from a &quot;religion&quot; in which &quot;there's a law for everything&quot;.  It is all the more annoying to me because, as a person interested in spiritual matters, I am sometimes a victim of guilt by association.  I also like the song &quot;Graham Greene&quot; which adds a raggae beat.  The lively rocker &quot;Macbeth&quot; benefits well from the members of LITTLE FEAT.  If you are interested in the ballads of the early 1970's or in poetry which is whimsical, this CD will interest you.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|I have not been able to stop listeneing to this album since it lept into my hands some weeks ago.  A Rufus advocate from the beginning, I find this album to be almost superior to his first.  His memorable tenor is easier to listen to and overall the songs are less cluttered than in his debut.  Goosebumps.  All I get is goosebumps. Not buying this album would be the biggest mistake of your life.  And buy his first one too.<br />*an always-n-forever devoted fan of the indispensible Rufus*
B00000JCOV|5.0|I got this album(the digipack) more than a year before i wrote this review.  This band  Is ...awesome! Best metal band on earth.  GET THIS ALBUM. This band is already on top w/ their insane on stage performanc and videos and their wicked cool masks and jumpsuits this band is absolutly perfect!
B00000IMYA|5.0|You can call me sentimental, but today is the 45th anniversary of Duke's seminal and triumphant 1956 concert at Newport. As a history buff, I can't let this date go by without commenting on this incredible 2 CD set. There aren't enough superlatives to describe it! I am often suspicious of purchasing multiple CD sets of jazz music, much of which I may already have in previous, more limited editions. I have to admit that I thought long and hard before getting this reissue, too. <br />My advice, however, is to throw your caution and inhibition to the wind. Buy this CD if, when, and as soon as, you can! The other reviewers have covered very well the endless joys of the CD. The thrilling 27 chorus explosion from Paul Gonsalves,on Diminuendo/Crescendo in Blue is certainly the highlight of the set, and I always get chills of exhilaration when Duke yells, PAUL GONSALVES's name at the song's end. Pay close attention also to Johnny Hodges, especially on the live versions of Jeep's Blues, and I Got It Bad. There's not much I can say that hasn't already been expressed so well by the other reviewers. For those new to jazz or to Ellington, read whatever liner notes are available on any CD you have, or buy. The story behind this concert is fascinating, as George Avakian and Phil Schaap document in their respective notes. Enjoy this masterpiece with all your heart, again and again. You will NEVER regret it!
1878424319|5.0|&quot;The Four Agreements&quot; truly has powerful lessons to be learned in such a short reading time.  The author's messages are clear and concise, with the potential to have life-changing effects if the reader is honestly ready to embrace the change.  Quick, easy reading.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Great Sound Track comes accros over my system puts me right in the center of the action.  Very moving and emotional story. It is one of the ones I will treasure and keep in my extensive collection of war movies.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|After seeing the musical &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; (once for myself, the second time for my daughter), we had to get the CD.  It really is a good collection, although I was disappointed my favorite song in the film, &quot;Your Song,&quot; wasn't done in its entirety.  I was impressed, however, with how cleverly the older songs were redone for this musical.  I especially like Nicole Kidman's rendering of the Marilyn Monroe's &quot;Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend.&quot;  And I thought Kidman especially made an outstanding performance in both the role and the songs.<br />An aside--it's funny how younger people tend to think these songs are all originally made for the film--until I played Elton John's original &quot;Your Song&quot; for my kids, they refused to believe it was an oldie from the '70's!  Anyway--this CD is a good buy.  My daughter plays it nonstop.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Call this CD the most wonderful CD in the history is no exaggeration. You can listen to this cd daily and next day when you listen to it again it sounds fresh. all 13 songs on it are masterpiece.  The effect after listening to the cd is unimaginable, you would felt like you just returned from the ultimate ectasy.
B00004XONN|4.0|The third revolution of Rock Music.  Although it is incredibly odd... So were the other Sgt. Pepper and Dark Side.  Kid A will be forever marked as a classic album that shows the endurance and evolution of rock music.  A mix of electonics and usual instruments, Radiohead has created and reinforced itself as one of the most talented and promising groups of the Nineties and 2000s.  The music from this album will not be played on the radio, but the creativity and brilliance of the music will endure the pop crazed annoying trash of ...and the others.  Kid A is the future of music.  The creativity and beauty is beginning to return to music.
B00004XQP4|5.0|People say that Green Day has sold out after the release of Warning. I am confused because people thinks changing music style equals sell-out, and that doesn't make any sense to me. Anyway, the songs are catchy, melodic, and great. Trust me, this cd is as re-playable as dookie.
B0000028RR|5.0|As I Sit Listening To This Album To Get Idea For My Review of This Masterpiece , i sit and think to my self... god dang this Album is 9 years old!i mean i just bought it a week and a half ago... and it honestly doesnt sound sound different of old of place to what im hearing in todays nu metal , and raprock scene , infact it sounds better!<br />First of This Album is so musicly excellent , the guitar riffs go really where , the bass sounds great , the drums really well with everything , though its the lyrics and the vocals of Zack De La Rocha that really make this album , from the first track \\"Bombtrack\\" Which is basicly a light way of introducing the album ,then the album goes onto \\"Killing In The Name\\" which Is one of the most expressive songs iv heard to date , and it shows that rap songs dont need masses of lyrics to make a great song , \\"Killing In The Name\\" is one of the best songs on the Album.The Next Song Called \\"Take The Power Back\\" it has the best lyrics on the album where Zack Talks Of Schooling and those lyrics are \\"The Teacher stands in front of the class , but the lesson plan he cant recall , the students eyes dont perceive the lies , boucing off every ******* wall\\". The Thing I love about this album is the Violent Chorus's which will only contain a sentence but really open up your eyes. In My View nothing can touch this album even to date , its so hardhitting and lyricly simulating and the musics excellent 2! I got this album when it was on sale (good me) but i guess it aint anymore. I suggest if your just thinking of getting this album that you go out and get it cause its better than any rap rock crap thats out there 2day you know how im talking about...
0062502182|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best of Coelho's work.  I think everyone should read it at least once.  I keep lending mine out, only to buy a new one.  Then I usually lend that out too...  I wasn't happy with the rest of his work, but this one will not leave you dissapointed.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Scary Movie is hilarious!It is a parody of teen age horror movies like the \\"Scream\\" movies and \\"I Know What You Did Last Summer\\" as well as many others.The reason I proabably liked this so much is because I hate the \\"Scream\\" movies so much.It .Anyone who enjoys parodies and gross out humor will love it.
B000002VSN|5.0|Whitney Houston was beginning to have some vocal problems at the time she recorded this album. She could no onger belt at her old intensity and to be honest acting in a movie by day and singing at night do not work. When Whitney is on she is great , when off oy vey, Here her middle and lower registers kick in as  she ings gsospel music, pop and my favorite ballad of all I Believe in You And me. She never sounded more human or real than on that somg
B000004287|5.0|The score for this movie is great. I believe this is one of the best orchestrations including bagpipes ever made. This is the second half of a great film. Without the music this would not have been nearly as memorable as it is.
078401213X|1.0|in all my experience as a long-time movie watcher, it never ceases to amaze me how bad some movies can be.  however, in the vast empire of bad movies, pi is unquestionably the emperor.  the directors of the movie seem to go out of their way to make the experience unbearable.  the movie contains every undesirable element possible - everything from pseudo intellectualism to wacky imagery to meaningless symbolism to an indescernable plot.  i would recommend this film to any cinema major who would like an excellent example of what not to do.  save your 17 bucks - get a psychic reading or something.  at least then, you'd have a good laugh.
B000009QPE|4.0|Well well well, you can't go wrong with Slayer. Want technicality? Yup. Want fast and heavy? Yup. Want variety? Well, erm, no. Basically, this is a good album (how could you like metal and not like Slayer) but I don't think its SO good. Not a classic. All you Slayer fans will probably have high pressured boiling blood from reading this review, but opinion is opinion. So I don't think its a classic. Well boo frigging hoo. It's still a good album. Relentless drumming, fast guitar playing and howling vocals make Slayer what they are - an all out war being played in the comfort of your own home. It goes without saying that the 5 songs from this album on Decade Of Agression certainly sound better live, but considering how DOA is regarded as one of THE greatest live albums around (I'd have to agree with that) its hardly surprising. Regardless of Slayer's overall ferocity, I still feel that some of these songs have a very studio-y feel - a bit confined to a small space, shall we say. I also don't like the way that Altar Of Sacrifice and Raining Blood start of fast and then slow down to a mid-pace after a few minutes.<br />But it's nevertheless a classic. Not neccessarily in my view - that would be lumping it with Metallica's Master Of Puppets or Iron Maiden's Number Of The Beast. I don't think that Reign In Blood is on the same level - there's simply not enough variety or long-term appeal (for me anyway) for it to merit an absolute classic status. It's certainly more insane than those 2 albums put together, but high quality music will always beat good quality music, regardless of its speed or heaviness. But there is certainly enough good quality metal for it to deserve its tag as a great thrash album.
B000055WIQ|5.0|The Exorcist was the first Horror Film I saw fifteen years ago in my mother's new video. And, until this day, the scariest one. (If I may add, nothing scares me anymore....)<br />I went to see the Director's Cut without any question, in a large theatre with TXS sound system. But this time, I was different. And I was not scared, although I jumped at certain points. The added scenes are really good.<br />My thoughts: Back in 1985, I was Christian. Now I'm not. I don't believe in the Devil, so any of his manifestations are completely unreal for me. Furthermore, I was amazed on how weak Christian Priests are. The Devil had no difficulty on playing on their doubts and guilt.<br />On a religion based on Guilt, this is just natural.<br />But in this film, the priest seems to be lacking the basic principals of faith. Maybe they didn't love their God as much as I love my cat.<br />And the Evil is defeated not by virtue or faith, but by another mortal sin: suicide.<br />And that scene with the cross as a masturbation instrument...sigh... They don't make such movies any more. Political correctness has taken everything over.<br />I just loved that film.<br />And what I just typed is my humble opinion.
B000000H5K|3.0|I guess I could scream at Sepultura for releasing this album and accuse them of selling out by removing the solos and slowing down even more than they did on Chaos AD. But I look at it like this: - when Sep released Chaos AD, (the album where, if they ever did, they sold out) nu-metal was barely off the ground. Korn (groan) had only just released their debut, Limp Bizkit and Deftones (boo, hiss) weren't gonna surface for another 3 years. Even on this album, Sepultura are more extreme than all those bands. My point is, Sepultura were part of creating what nu-metal was gonna become (they didn't create it in the beginning, but they did contribute), they didn't just jump on the bandwagon when they thought that thrash was unfashionable. I'm not denying that fashion had something to do with it, but this isn't a straight-forward sell-out. The fact is that although I don't like this direction much (I'd rather they continued to release albums like Schitzophrenia or Arise), they were part of creating that direction, they didn't jump on it when it became trendy.<br />Also, why should release the same sounding albums over and over? They'd been around 11 years when they released this - why should they have to release a similar album to one they did 9 years before? They'd released 4 albums and an EP of death metal before Chaos AD. Listen to Arise and you see a few tribal elements; listen to Chaos A.D. (which I like even less than this) and you see quite a bit of Tribal stuff; listen to this and it's offered on a plate. They progressed - they didn't go from a death metal band to a nu-metal band overnight. A band should be allowed to expand and experiment without being accused of selling out, regardless of what fans of their old stuff think of the new stuff. I listen to their old stuff coz I think it's much better, and I do feel that they could have done the tribal stuff on a less commercial base, but its their life and their musical career. What they do with those things is up to them, not their fans.<br />That doesn't mean that I think this album is great myself. Although I recognise how important this album is (although contributing to the nu-metal movement is hardly something I would personally praise a band for), there's not a song that I REALLY like. Roots Bloody Roots, Attitude, Rhattamahatta, Spit, Dusted and Born Stubborn aren't bad by any means, but Cut Throat, Breed Apart, Straight Hate, Lookaway and Endangered Species are pretty awful (especially Breed Apart and Lookaway). I like the quiet, chilled-out instrumentals more (Jasco, Itsari). I'm not gonna deny that I really liked this at first (this was my first Sepultura album and I was more into nu-metal at the time) but whereas when I first heard it, it was one of the heaviest things ever, now I've heard the true meaning of brutality with pure death metal, this feels somewhat controlled. I know heaviness doesn't mean good (I listen to black/death metal a lot but Iron Maiden are my favourite band), but when I stuck it on for the first time in a long time last night, I expected it to be insanely mental and very heavy - the way I remembered it. It actually felt too controlled compared to how I'd remembered it. It also lacks the technicality of earlier stuff - mostly its very easy to play and like I said earlier, there are no solos.<br />I think Roots is an album that most metallers either love or hate. I think I'm one of the very few who sit in the middle. People either see it as a benchmark and highly original nu-metal album before the horrible world of rap-metal exploded (ok, so that started in the 80s with Aerosmith and Run DMC but I'm talking about Limp Bizkit), or they see it as sell-out and corporate, and they hate it (the fact that Roots Bloody Roots is a nu-metal anthem probably rubs further salt into the wound, although it does prove that Sepultura were there relatively near the beginning). Which category you fall in to is, quite obviously, entirely up to you.them, not their fans.<br />That doesn't mean that I think this album is great myself. Although I recognise how important this album is (although contributing to the nu-metal movement is hardly something I would personally praise a band for), there's not a song that I REALLY like. Roots Bloody Roots, Attitude, Rhattamahatta, Spit, Dusted and Born Stubborn aren't bad by any means, but Cut Throat, Breed Apart, Straight Hate, Lookaway and Endangered Species are pretty awful (especially Breed Apart and Lookaway). I like the quiet, chilled-out instrumentals more (Jasco, Itsari). I'm not gonna deny that I really liked this at first (this was my first Sepultura album and I was more into nu-metal at the time) but whereas when I first heard it, it was one of the heaviest things ever, now I've heard the true meaning of brutality with pure death metal, this feels somewhat controlled. I know heaviness doesn't mean good (I listen to black/death metal a lot but Iron Maiden are my favourite band), but when I stuck it on for the first time in a long time last night, I expected it to be insanely mental and very heavy - the way I remembered it. It actually felt too controlled compared to how I'd remembered it. It also lacks the technicality of earlier stuff - mostly its very easy to play and like I said earlier, there are no solos.<br />I think Roots is an album that most metallers either love or hate. I think I'm one of the very few who sit in the middle. People either see it as a benchmark and highly original nu-metal album before the horrible world of rap-metal exploded (ok, so that started in the 80s with Aerosmith and Run DMC but I'm talking about Limp Bizkit), or they see it as sell-out and corporate, and they hate it (the fact that Roots Bloody Roots is a nu-metal anthem probably rubs further salt into the wound, although it does prove that Sepultura were there relatively near the beginning). Which category you fall in to is, quite obviously, entirely up to you.
0920668372|5.0|I will never forget my first experience with this book. I was substitute teaching in a first grade class right before Mother's Day. I had no idea what I was facing when I had to help the students &quot;practice&quot; their presentation of the book for their parents and ended up hiding behind the book with tears in my eyes as the children recited the rhyme. I gave it to my mom and both my grandmothers, one of whom I was privileged to help take care of in her final months. This book deeply resonates with everyone I know who has read it.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Wainwright is possessed of a rich, complex musical sensibility, and he deftly weaves together elements of various genres (folk, classical, pop, etc.) while sacrificing nothing in the way of a catchy melody or chorus -- which makes these songs both eminently hummable, and far more interesting than any throw-away pop ditty.  He's drawn comparisons to Randy Newman, but the darker undercurrent to his songs never approaches bitterness; it's the introspection without the knowing irony, and the result is a charming (and deceptive) simplicity.  The collection reveals more of itself with repeated listening, and the entirety of it seems built to last.
B000002MJC|4.0|I was not accustomed to being let down by Depeche mode. They had always tried different things to keep themselves and their fans entertained but it hadn't even crossed my mind that it would take years for me to love this c.d. I remember thinking that the sound quality was awful and that the whole disc, except Rush, was mellow. It's amazing what eight years can do. I don't notice anything wrong with the sound anymore and many of these songs rank among their best. On I Feel You, the first song on the disc, and the first single, they chose to re-create Personal Jesus in grunge fashion. The song is O.k., but I am used to Depeche Mode setting trends-not following them. Walking In My Shoes is an excellent song. Somehow it manages to be mellow and upbeat all at the same time-one of my favorites.  Since becoming a Depeche fan in 1984, there are only two songs, from that point forward, that I do not like and the next song, Condemnation, is one of them. A gospel piano ballad that can be skipped. Who suggested that this song be released as a single? Mercy In You was A favorite of mine from the start. Scorching guitar, hip hop drum loops and a great chorus. I didn't like Judas at first and now I can't imagine not liking it. Much was made at the time of the &quot;real&quot; bagpipes---who cares. Martin does a great vocal, as usual, and I love the instrumental change of direction at the end of this track. In Your Room is probably the best song here. It builds from nowhere into the most powerful, sinister sounding song they have done. Will make your hair stand on end. Get Right With Me is the other song I don't like. Mom always said &quot;If you can't say something nice don't say anything at all&quot;. I won't. Rush is a great song. It is obvious that Alan had been working with Nitzer Ebb. One Caress is a gorgeous ballad done with an orchestra. Higher Love is the typical closing song in that it differs slightly from the rest of the album, but sums the whole thing up. Violator would have been a nightmare to follow up and I wouldn't have minded Violator #2, but Depeche Mode forced me to try something different.
B000002KD5|5.0|The CD FLEETWOOD MAC is musically cleaner, crisper, and less commercially polished than both RUMOURS and THE DANCE. Lindsey Buckingham is indeed all over this recording. This is clean guitar rock, with crisp vocals, and beautiful harmonies. I am a huge Fleetwood Mac fan and this CD is my favorite of all Mac recordings. <br />RHIANNON rings like a bell through the night and wouldn't you love to love her. Haunting lyrics and legendary guitar riffs. I even named my daughter, Alexandra Rhiannon, after this song.<br />SAY YOU LOVE ME, and OVER MY HEAD are the other radio played singles from this CD.<br />MONDAY MORNING is an FM radio frequency.<br />LANDSLIDE and WORLD TURNING should have been radio staples. They are true masterpiece's.<br />SUGAR DADDY and I'M SO AFRAID are wonderful.
0792151712|5.0|When I first went to see this movie, I did not think this would be good and I didnt want to like it. I only wanted to see why it won best picture in the Academy Awards nominations. I came in expecting that The Lost World: Jurassic Park, and Men in Black would be among the only good pictures of the year. But quickly I realized that the last film that I saw of that year would be the best. The plot is very well written, the story is unforgettable, the characters from good to evil are purchasable, the acting is good, the ending is brilliant. And the music, the music was exellent. Buy this movie and you will agree. This movie deserved every award that it received. Buy this or watch this, it is a gauranteed classic that critics like.
0783222955|5.0|I can't write about Harper Lee's novel, the Pulitzer Prize, the Ocsar nominations from this film, or any of the other big worded babble I see in many other reviews. I can only write about my own simple feelings, so here goes:<br />I first saw TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD along about 1975 on late night TV. I was about twelve years old at the time. My parents had just bought a farm in the country and they spent a lot of time there. I was allowed to stay home in the city alone. Well, sort of alone, my grandmother lived right next door and kept a watchful eye over me. Never the less, this was my chance to watch the old movies they played on late night TV.<br />I was completely into this movie. I couldn't get up from the floor where I was sitting in front of the television set. No small feat to accomplish with a twelve year old boy. At the time, I was only a couple of years older than the character Gem, Atticus Finch's ten year old son. This movie, on this night in 1975, changed my view of life forever.<br />My father, born and raised in the time this film occurs, was very opinionated of those who were of a different race. He had no use for violent racism whatsoever, but Atticus Finch he wasn't either. While I loved my father dearly, this film helped me understand that he wasn't always right. The film also made me understand that remarks and opinions weren't always just about race. Sometimes, as with Boo Radley, they were about the people down the street, be they different in any way. My father was guilty of this sin too. Again, I learned that all of his opinions did not have to become mine.<br />White, Black, Comfortable, Poor, Smart, Slow, Good, Evil, Fun, Serious, Laughter, Fear. All the elements are here, as seen through the eyes of children. Sometimes, we know not what we do to our children because of the way they see things. This film awakens us to that fact. All of these lessons taught in a film of kids having fun. Oh man, I wish they still made tires big enough to rideinside of.<br />Crayons, marbles, pocket watches, oh the simplicity of what is fun in children's eyes. Despite our present day culture of buying loads of manufactured toys and games, most young children would just as soon throw out the toys and play with the boxes. Mason jars, hot summer evenings, and fireflies are also more fun than any amount of money can buy.  <br />I had spent years looking for a VHS copy of this movie, and finally found this version....I went and purchased the Wide Screen Edition immediately. I find myself popping this in, late at night, and reliving the experience I had at twelve. It happens every time, I have to stop whatever else I may be doing and watch attentively.<br />  I play this for my six year old son every chance I get. I too, think that this is required viewing for children six through twelve. I really believe he'll learn something about life, and will have fun doing it. It also gives me ideas, like finding the largest motorcycle tire I could find and tying it up with rope to our maple tree in the front yard, making a swing out of it. And despite what my neighbors may think, believing it right to do so. How about going to a yardsale and buying an old scratched up toy car for less than a buck and placing it in a tree knothole for him to find. There is no way to measure the level of excitement, and that scratched up old toy car becomes his favorite toy. Even Christmas can't compare, because he knows it's comming.<br />Repeated viewings of this film makes me a better father. It makes me remember to think like a six year old again. So what if the boys create a dirt figure 8 track for their toy cars right in the front yard. If the neighbors don't like it, maybe they should move. Or better yet, maybe I should loan them my copy of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie is an exellent example of a terrible life turning around from hope. The acting couldnt have been better, the novella shared the same theme, the warming and sad music is uplifting, the length is good, not dragged like some would say, directing is remarkable, there is so much to say. It did not follow the book closely, actually it was far away from close. But there is more of a story in the movie thanks to Frank Darabont. The novella was great, but more of an information layout than a story. This movie was in 1994, and nominated for best picture.  This is way better than the extremely overrated Forrest Gump that won for best picture that year. On a last note, Tom Hanks is cool, but it is unneceptable how he won for best actor over Mogan Freeman's triumphant acting in this film. All Hanks had to do in Forrest Gump was act like an idiot for two hours, he raised now levels throughout the movie while Morgan started as a guilty man and worked his way up to redemption during the time of the movie. Anyway, this one is a keeper.
0767903862|4.0|On a white hot sunny afternoon in July, which seemed to fit the excruciating description of Bill's trip with his friend Allan to Alice Springs. I particularly enjoyed the Perth and New South Wales bits for their greeness and freshness, and what a rousing introduction for me into the world of travel books after six years of what has mostly been high-brow literature! I relished every anecdote, but here is a warning: if you are a fan of the high-brow literature Bryson's prose is disappointingly without song. He is funny, and a tremendous source of information, but he abuses abstract adjectives like 'splendid,' 'comfortable,' and phrases like 'of course.' Perhaps these terms are the trademark of travel writing; since I am new to the field I can't say for sure. All in all, though, this book was 'splendid.' I am off to ship it to my father in Ohio. I am hoping he will find it 'splendid' as well.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|Maiden has been my favorite band for the past 15 years.  I can remember going to the record stores to pick up their new albums and upon every first listen, there would always be at least two songs that would instantly stand out and remain classics for years...This album doesn't have that.  I can't believe everyone is giving this album a rating of 5.  I think most people who give it a rating of 5 are new &quot;Maiden Fans&quot; who first were exposed to IM in the 90's...so of course it sounds great.  The rest of their 90's material has been ....  <br />I have heard &quot;The Mercenary&quot; as being compared to &quot;The Trooper&quot; (Piece of Mind) -- No Way.  &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; has been compared to &quot;Aces High&quot; (Powerslave) -- No Comparison.  I think someone even compared &quot;The Nomad&quot; to &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot; (Number of the Beast) -- that is simply ludicrous...any Pre 90's IM fan will laugh at that.  <br />I actually think the CD has some good songs and shows some promise for a better one in the future.  &quot;Dream of Mirros&quot; in my mind is one of the best songs...just get past the lame intro and the band's excellent musicianship will show through (especially Janick Gers).
0743201140|5.0|This book quite simply can change your life.  I took the StrengthsFinder test earlier this year, and I have looked at life differently ever since.  Donald Clifton has spent twenty years monitoring and discovering patterns of strength in the best of the best.<br />Whether you have achiever, context, futuristic, emphathy, restorative, or whatever, this book and test is going to dramatically change the way you look at the world.  I currently work in the field of Leadership Identification and Development and this test time and time again shows students and young adults ages 18-30, a new way to approach life.<br />I always wondered why I had, without trying, met over 200 famous people in my life, and always wanted them to remember me, the strength significance played out in my life.  If you are a business or educational institution this book and test can radically alter how you select employees, leaders, and how you can communicate more effectively with existing employees. <br />If there is a weakness in this book, it is that is does not go deeper.  Clifton does a great job showing how he and others developed this process over years and years of study.  Personally I want to be compared against the best, and this is what the book and test do.  Have you ever wondered why you always size yourself up against everyone else and if you knew you could not win you did not even play? --Competition.  <br />The beauty of this book is that your personal combination of strengths can put you as unique as 1 in millions, and the chances of meeting someone that is your exact double is next to impossible.  How great is it that we are all so unique?  Does not lend much credence to the theory that we are all here by some cosmic accident.  <br />Our society, educational systems, businesses, and so many other institutions always try to build us up where we are weak.  I worked at a company in Washington, DC and was utilized as an office manager and executive assistant, a job I was clearly not wired to do.  With the the themes of competition, achiever, activator and significance, how could I ever handle ordering pens and pencils and organizing a contact database?  I could not!  I want to change the world, and now I know why-- I was wired to do it.  <br />Do you know instantly how people are feeling when you walk in a room?  I cannot, and I know my emphathy is low or non-existent.  My dreams of becoming a counselor were misguided at best.  This book, and the test will help you find out how you are wired and what a perfect job for you would be.<br />Can you wake up and say, I am doing what I was created to do and enjoying it?  If not, I suggest you read this book and meditate over the information you receive back from it.  <br />Thanks to Donald Clifton for an excellent and cutting edge work.
0316286443|5.0|I bought this book because I love Kevin Aucoin and I think that he is an extremely talented make up artist.  I keep it on my coffee table but I also look through it for tips for myself.  What I have found is that my guest can not help themselves from picking up the book and asking questions about the models.  It's like a game, 'Guess who the model really is'.  It is striking to them when they find out that Veronica Lake is actually Martha Stewart or that Linda Evangelista is actually a well coiffed man.  If you have an open mind and you love make up, pick this one up.
B00000273M|3.0|I bought this cd second-hand because I HAD to have a copy of 'Walk Like An Egyptian'.  Madcap but loud percussion, angular dance beats and above all else - a whistle solo!  Probably the most insanely good pop tune to come out of a girl-band ever.  Other treats include the Prince-penned 'Manic Monday' that serves as a nostalgic reminder of any 20-something's childhood, the elegantly beautiful 'Eternal Flame' which was recently ruined by some talentless group on 'Top of The Pops' (why do they do that?) and a cheesy '80s mullet-rock version of Simon &amp; Garfunkel's excellent 'Hazy Shade of Winter'.  Best enjoyed with your mates and a few beers, at an '80s club night or in the privacy of your own home when no-one will catch you.  A must for anyone who prefers their popstars to have savvy tune-writing skills as well as looks.  Throw away your Destiny's Child CD's and buy this one second-hand instead.
B0000028M7|5.0|this cd is great. These guys are the best Seattle band out of the four,although soundgarden and pearl jam are good,while nirvana is merely ok. Anyway, this cd is very dark,heavy and depressing and thats why its so good. Layne Staley is one of the greatest rock vocalists of all time and Jerry Cantrell is a very talented songwriter/guitarist. Mike Starr(Mike Inez is the current bassist) and Sean Kinney make up a very talented and powerful rhythm section. The best songs are the hits rooster,would,them bones,angry chair,and down in a hole.Check this cd out, you won't be dissapointed.
059035342X|5.0|Some ask \\"If these books really aren't evil, why are so many parents not allowing their children to get involved in Harry Potter?\\" True, these books take place in a magical world with wizards and spells, but they do not revolve around satan or demons etc etc. There is a certain part of one of the books of the series- an astrology teacher. <br />  I, being a strong christian child, disagree with astrology. But, for the most part of the book, her \\"tea-cup predictions\\" and \\"futures told\\" are regarded and hogwash. Except for a one serious prediction, which the student didn't ask for. But she is still considered full of balogni by the author/book/reader. <br />    Just in real life-there IS evil out there, and you may find it even when not looking. <br />The spells used in the books are to benefit the students in Hogwarts (the wizarding school Harry attends), and defenses against the \\"Dark Lord\\" Voldemort's powerful spells. Which is like christianity, we have to learn to defend and protect ourselves from Satan. <br />These books are very good, and if you read them, you should understand.  Some reviews and newspaper/magazine articles only tell parents about the negative things-and not how truly great these books are.  I am 12 years old, not quite your normal child. As I hope you may have noticed, I am quite literate. And although I am young, I think I know much more about these books than some adults do, and can read pretty deeply into them. <br />Please read these books before banning them from your child. Oh, and unless you have read the books, the movie trailors won't help. They put on a quite \\"serious\\" effect, and don't show the comedy relief/fun parts of the book. I hope I don't sound too grouchy! Just trying to get my point across with my positive pount on these books! They are the best I've read!!!! Good-day :)
B00003CXE6|2.0|All the awards this film garnered didn't quite make sense to me after viewing &quot;Gladiator&quot; on DVD on a recent overseas flight. The evil is banal, the hero is too stoic, and the special effects overwhelm the plot. Although Scott spent lots of money  on exotic locations and spectacular stunts, a deft screenwriter would have been a welcome addition.
0399224459|5.0|It's bedtime at the zoo, all of the animals are going to sleep.....or ARE they?? A sneaky gorilla is helping the animals escape! The zoo-keeper gets a big surprise when the lights go out at his house! We've read it a zillion times and we crack up every time.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Loved the movie and LOVED the soundtrack.  Nichole Kidman has a fabulous voice and performs splendidly throughout the collection.  Ewan McGregor was a delicious treat sprinkled about as well.  My kids especially loved the love song medly.  Too young to know the origin of many of the songs and certainly too young to see the movie, they enjoyed the back and forth of the two stars tremendously.
0060254920|5.0|Max is feeling more than a little wild. He feels so wild that a jungle grows in his room! I think we all have times when we like to let loose, growl and insist that things go our way. However, like Max, we quickly grow weary of being so demanding and repelling those around us. Like Max, we need a cuddle at the end of our day. Fantastic book for all the little (and big) wild and woolies out there.
B00004THAY|5.0|Eric Clapton and B.B. King are the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup of the blues, two great tastes that sound great together!  You would think that this pair has played together for years.  Their different styles equally compliment each other.  Neither artist outperforms the other.  This CD also won the Grammy in 2000 for The Best Traditional Blues Album.  Every song on the CD is great.  Of all the CDs that I bought in the year 2000, this is my favorite.
0345350499|5.0|This is a powerful novel about the time before Christianity in England - told from the women's point of view. It's a long story, but totally absorbing, with familiar characters guiding the way. To the extent that the story is true - or might be true - it makes you understand why these women fought the advent of Christianity.<br />I read it between semesters at grad school...what a welcome relief from B school reading assignments!
B000001EAQ|5.0|i just became a u2 fan this year and i have a few of their albums and this is the best one. it features techno and good lyrics by bono. their tour of pop mart was the best they had too.
B00005B7CK|5.0|Before I'd seen the movie I thought, well, this movie won't amount to anything, but then, when I went to see it, it was awesome. I was so proud to see they included bluegrass music in the movie and also proud to see it was the traditional bluegrass, Ralph Stanley, Dan Tyminski, Stanley Brothers, Cox Family, Etc. It was all great. I think this movie, besides being a great movie for everyone to see, will also help further bluegrass music in general thanks to the Coen Brothers. This movie will make you laugh until you can't laugh anymore and you will stay glued to the screen all the way through. I highly recommend it to anybody who has never viewed it. One of the best movies of the year!
B00003W8NM|4.0|I was out of the country when this film was released and as a result I missed all the controversy surrounding it. As I listened to the commentary from Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and David Fincher, I had a hard time imagining where the source of all the commotion came from. It is definitely a violent film but no more violent than a Halloween or Friday the 13th film. The difference between those films and a Rocky movie and this film is that the violence here is more realistic and brutal, anyone who has ever seen an actual street fight would identify more with this film. It doesn't feel as choreographed and phony. But at the same time these guys beat the crap out of each other and then hug and shake hands when it's over.<br />As for the the film itself I thought it was interesting and entertaining. I didn't see it as a movie of a generation though. It was a movie where the people involved read more into it than is there. It was a very enjoyable movie as long as all of the outside garbage that comes with it can be tuned out. There's a lot of interesting camera work and unobtrusive computer graphics. The story is interesting and the screenplay is funny and dark. The lighting is dark also, which is my big complaint. I saw the film through my DVD player on a hotel t.v. I wasn't able to adjust the color on the set and in several scenes I had trouble seeing. In the commentary the two actors mention the director's habit of underlighting scenes.<br />I was totally surprised by the twist and thought it was very well done and satisfying. The ending was a little unbelievable but not totally out of place with the tone of the movie, after all the whole thing is a little far fetched to begin with. The ending was a little weak though compared with the rest of the film.<br />The DVD is full of interesting features and goodies. As usual the commentary track is a good idea in concept but doesn't live up to the potential. You occasionally learn something interesting but for the most part it's a case of everyone talking over one another. I haven't listened to all commentaries yet however, I'm hoping the screenwriter and director only tracks are a little more interesting. It's good to see Brad Pitt and Edward Norton criticizing Rosie O'Donnel.<br />This is a good value and a good movie, I don't think it is as important as Edward Norton or some critics seem to think it is but it wasn't the signal of the end society either. It was just a pretty good film.t it's a case of everyone talking over one another. I haven't listened to all commentaries yet however, I'm hoping the screenwriter and director only tracks are a little more interesting. It's good to see Brad Pitt and Edward Norton criticizing Rosie O'Donnel.<br />This is a good value and a good movie, I don't think it is as important as Edward Norton or some critics seem to think it is but it wasn't the signal of the end society either. It was just a pretty good film.
B00003CXRP|3.0|The first 20 minutes or so of this movie are very generic but then once he get's on the plane this is when the movie really take's off . The island scene's were not only well shot but Hank's performance was truly wonderful . It is sad that everyone else in this movie is really weak . what does it say when the 2nd best performance in a movie is done by a volleyball
B00000AD94|4.0|The debut album from my new favorite band. It opens with a simple solo piano, and when Neal Morse vocally ponders &quot;What makes a dream so very different from any other dream?&quot;, one might think briefly of Neil Diamond singing Andrew Lloyd Weber (not a criticism) ...... bombastically intruded upon by Gentle Giant, UK, Genesis and Danny Elfman! All this in just, say, the first two to three minutes .....<br />Thus, Spock's Beard exploded upon the world from the seamy suburbs of Southern California, a little band with BIG ideas. I'll admit I was drawn to them by recommendations by fans of the New Prog Rennaisance, though the Prog camp alone does not a great band make (I'm not at all fond of Dream Theater or Marillion). The distinction here is found in the music of visionary Neal Morse, which just pours forth intuitively, doesn't sound like it's TRYING to sound progressive (long time fans of 70s prog know what I'm talking about), tempering the instrumental dynamic with just the right tuneful, almost folksy quality that gives it almost immediate accessibility. Just listen to the opening title track &quot;The Light&quot;, maybe about three times; many sections, I guarantee, will be stuck in your head. That is the magic spell that causes us recent converts to quip &quot;This Beard really GROWS on you .....&quot;<br />One comment: The song &quot;Go the Way You Go&quot; is catchy enough in spots to make one wonder what a slightly more abbreviated version, which stuck to mostly verses and chorus, would sound like. This piece comes closest to sounding a bit forced, its many instrumental breaks almost (forgive me) arbitrary, an element that can kill a lot of progressive. A trivial complaint; many groups have done much worse. &quot;The Water&quot; (at least at its opening) betrays some unmistakable Pink Floyd roots, right down to the wailing female vocals in the arrangement - and the notorious &quot;F/U&quot; segment bears an amusing similarity to Harry Nilsson's &quot;You're Breaking My Heart&quot; as sung by Kurt Cobain. All these influences / references aside, it is the whole of all these parts that give SB its distinction.<br />I am one disc away from the complete collection of studio recordings, since discovering these guys a mere two months ago. As you can see from the varying reviews, everyone has their favorite title, and no two listeners seem to agree on that. When my collection is complete, I'll just consider it a five-disc box set, seeing them, like the music, as parts of a greater whole. Which is why I'm only reviewing this album. I can't show favoritism (although how many times can you say you had a 15.5-minute song stuck in your head?) for this or any particular album; I just adore these guys, what they're doing, why they're doing it. My hope for new music is hereby revived.<br />God bless The Beard, and its growing tendrils of devoted listeners!u're Breaking My Heart&quot; as sung by Kurt Cobain. All these influences / references aside, it is the whole of all these parts that give SB its distinction.<br />I am one disc away from the complete collection of studio recordings, since discovering these guys a mere two months ago. As you can see from the varying reviews, everyone has their favorite title, and no two listeners seem to agree on that. When my collection is complete, I'll just consider it a five-disc box set, seeing them, like the music, as parts of a greater whole. Which is why I'm only reviewing this album. I can't show favoritism (although how many times can you say you had a 15.5-minute song stuck in your head?) for this or any particular album; I just adore these guys, what they're doing, why they're doing it. My hope for new music is hereby revived.<br />God bless The Beard, and its growing tendrils of devoted listeners!
B00003CXRM|2.0|I know George Clooney is one of the biggest stars but he is such a ham actor who belong in the league with corey feldman's and scott baio's . This movie is trying too hard to be funny . The only reason i am giving this 2 stars is for the music and scenery
B00000896M|5.0|NIME is the best cd I have heard to date... xenofall is correct... american metal is essentially dead. all the great metal (except iced earth) comes from places like germany, italy, and scandinavia...
B00005LB9O|5.0|If you get the chance, go see them touring with Dido and Emiliana Torrini this summer. They were good too!
0767818040|1.0|This is only the 3rd Brian DePalma movie I've seen, and now I understand why critics are always panning his early work for ripping off Hitchcock.  He doesn't even try to hide the fact this is basically a soft core version of Rear Window, with a few splatters of blood here and there.  I think this must be one of the worst films I've ever seen, and the reason why Patrick Bateman went insane (Bret Easton Ellis fans will know what I mean).<br />No doubt the \\"twist ending\\" is too much to stomach, and the obvious rip of Hitchcock is too much to bare. This isn't just bad, it's horrible. I mean, c'mon, it's so bleeding OBVIOUS it's sad.<br />And the Jake character looked exactly, exactly like Bill Mahr. This lead to a lot of unintentional laughs, as I can't tell you how much I hate that guy. During the movie within the movie, the guy was dressed like a geek, sort of bumbling around. One could imagine this is how pencil-d.ck Bill looks when he's looking for love, or on his way to a PETA meeting.<br />Also, I'm not really familiar with Melanie Griffith's work, but I have to say, every time she talked, I kept thinking of Lori Petty in Tank Girl, which isn't so much a bad thing, and nothing she could help, but it still made me laugh.<br />*sigh* What a waste of two hours.
0312243022|5.0|&quot;The Hours&quot; is a brilliantly written tribute to Virginia Woolf, paying thoughtful homage to her last work, &quot;Mrs. Dalloway.&quot;  Cunningham intertwines three women into this intricate plot; Clarissa, a neoteric urbanite, living the quintessential urban existance,Laura, an unhappy, disconnected homemaker of the 50's, and Virginia Woolf, struggling to complete &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; while sinking into the depths of madness.  Cleverly, the credence of each of these ladies to one another is discovered as the highly original plot unfolds.  Lyrical prose and an exceptionally inventive format, make this a deseserved Pulitzer winner.  A grand read!<br />I highly suggest reading, &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; prior to &quot;The Hours&quot; so you won't miss the subtleties of character nuances.
B00005BJ9W|5.0|Originally released in 1982 on Harvest/Capitol Records.  This pushed them to the top, as you know.  It's all to obvious.  I have the German CD, and the videos on tape, so I'm a bit behind.  Now they just need a compilation of all the B-sides out there.
0553579908|5.0|This is one sequel where all of the books are as enthralling as the first. Martins ability  to surprise the reader with the unexpected keeps you guessing at every page if what you think will happen will really happen - more often than not I was wrong - finally a fantasy series that is NOT predictable.<br />The character development is unbelievable. The reader finds themselves sympathizing with the 'villains' as well as the good guys.<br />I've read all 3 books and CAN'T WAIT until number 4 comes out (supposedly the Fall of 2002).
B000000W9Z|4.0|Expect the unexpected.  That was pretty much what to expect from bowie through the seventies.  After Bowies embarrasing trot through the 80s, churning some memorable top 40 hits and some very forgettable hackneyed efforts (Much of Tonight and Never Let Me Down, Tin Machine).  Bowie made a promising effort with Black Tie White Noise, which although wasn't groundbreaking, was certainly enjoyable.<br />Then along comes Outside which promises the return of Eno and a huge tour with Nine Inch Nails.  It could be thought that Bowie was going to make a dark industrial sound to cash in on the success of NIN or try something else fashionable but no, Bowie comes along with a very twisted mesh of sound that is nothing Bowie has done before.  The prescence of Eno echoes cries of Heroes or Low among fans, but this is even different than that.<br />First of all, it's probably one of the bigger more grand concepts of Bowie's, as there is a story - something about ritual art murders, which makes for an interesting read, but the story is the least interesting part of the album.  It's more of a curiosity piece that has quirkiness and strangeness all over it.  Expect the unexpected.<br />The Lure is the first track where &quot;Leon Takes Us Outside&quot; which sounds suspiciously like one of Eno's popular ambient experiments but quickly goes into a much bigger piece that goes all over the place.  It's dark and chaotic.  It's not ambient instrumentals ala Heroes or Low.  It's not techno or industrial music ala NIN and it's certainly not pop music.<br />This is where Eno comes in.  I love some of eno's current methods of experimentation.  Here, he comes fresh from work with James which included the great Laid and and even more wonderful Wah Wah, where it was improvised experimentation which produced a sound not quite heard before.  Some of this seems to come in play here.<br />First of all, the songs are not easily definable as other Bowie songs.  They are not catchy or singable (well maybe Hallo Spaceboy or Strangers When We Meet).  The sound is merely describable as dark, atmospheric, and very hopeless.  There is not light at the end of the tunnel here.  The album jumps all over the place and really shows what musicians might be capable of if they just fool around and do something different.<br />Examples are songs like A Small Plot of Land, which I first heard as a live performance, where Bowie uses a faux sympathetic vocal that sings &quot;Poor Dunce&quot; at the beginning which sets the tone for the song as dark and rather sardonic.  Perhaps the biggest compliment to eno's work here is Mike Garson's maddening piano, which showcases the experimental approach of Eno very well.<br />Another standout on the album is Wishful beginnings, which just from it's hollow sparse sound alongside bowies empty vocal opens up the darkest precepts of the mind.  One of the most amazing pieces bowie has done in his career on the basis of sound alone.<br />The rest of the album follows suit with dark, experimental soundscapes in We Prick You, I'm Deranged, the Motel, and No Control - all songs with lyrics and music of madness.  Hallo Spaceboy sounds like a techno - scifi trip from hell.  Bowie's lyrics are no less amazing addressing sex, confusion, and madness all in one neat little package.<br />The segue's, needlessly thrown in the album to attract the listener to the story, are the albums only flaws.  This album's amazing from start to finish.  The only reason it was dismissed at the time by the public and the critics (who were nice, but didn't see it as an all out amazing effort) is they weren't quite ready for it.  Now, with acts like Radiohead producing similar experimental structures and exploring newer realms of music, people might actually take note.
0553106635|5.0|I NEVER pay full price for a hardcover book - but I absolutely could not wait for this book to come out in paperback.  I finished the 900+ pages in about 5 days and am itching for number 4 to be published.<br />Martins ability to pull the reader into a different world is amazing. The reader KNOWS each character and empathizes with the good and the bad.  But the thing that makes this book truly stand out is Martin's willingness to take risks and to explore the unexpected. Time and time again I literally laid the book aside - completely stunned by the turn of events the book had just taken. Major characters don't always live - let alone act as you would expect.<br />If there is anything 'bad' to say it would be:<br />1.) Some of the story lines are getting too long (Arya's quest to get home).<br />2.) I'm beggining to think that Martin may rely too much on the surprise and unexpected - I will be bitterly disapointed if good does not conquer evil  eventually.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|For those of you that like only selected Kravitz hits, this is a great CD. All of his best hits on 1 CD!
0553573403|5.0|I've waited decades for a Fantasy series that pulled me into another world the way Tolkien did. George R.R. Martin has done it with \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\".<br />Not that SoIaF  is anything like the Lord of Rings - they are VERY different - but they are similar in the authors ability to develop a WORLD as well as major characters.<br />I have read all three books in the series. I NEVER buy full-priced hard cover - but I couldn't wait any longer for book three.  I am already having withdrawal waiting for book 4 to come out!<br />These are by far the best books I've read in years.  One more note - where Tolkien is great for young adults as well as adults - Martin is best for adult audiences. The book is very complex, the violence and sex are vivid.<br />ENJOY!!
0553260111|5.0|Ive read the book many years back and to re-read the book from time to time and get a few glimpse of what's inside is still a thrill.It's the best book of its genre and uncomparable. Hollywood's interest with the story--from the 1988 blockbuster miniseries to this year's upcoming movie--proves how rich and powerful this book is. A wonderful treat to fans of this genre!
0767903862|4.0|Bryson tackles Australia with the same zest and wry observations that produced &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot;, the other book of his I've read.<br />This Down Under travelogue entertains and informs. The author does an outstanding job of weaving interesting facts about Australians, the continent, it's cities, landscapes, flora, fauna and history with the sites and people he meets on his jaunt around the country.<br />It's the small things that make this book interesting. Like Bryson's visit to a building shaped like a giant lobster (one of fifty creature-shaped buildings that populate the country we discover). Or his wonderment at the case of a woman who was gobbled up by a salt-water crocodile while wading in knee deep water. Or the Great Barrier Reef snorkeling expedition that recently forgot two American tourists and left them thirty odd miles out at sea at the end of the day. Or the fact that Australia is possibly the only country to have lost a sitting prime minister in the surf. Or the fact that many desert explorers resort to drinking their own urine (mentioned more than several times) as a last resort and that this only makes thirst increase.<br />Add to this descriptions of major cities, physical attractions like Ayer's Rock, the great deserts and bushlands, everyday Australians whom he encounters and the minor irritations associated with living out of a suitcase for weeks at a time and you've got a very enjoyable book.
0920236251|5.0|Not only do I heartily approve of the message this book gives I and my children so much enjoyed the way in which it was delivered!
B00005B4GU|4.0|This CD is great! Surely everyone is sick of the same material that other artists produce. Radiohead is something different and I admire them for being so brave as to try new musical material. All the people that put this album down must be VERY narrow minded!! I suggest that u buy this album if you're a true Radiohead fan.
B00000DLVA|2.0|This album was terrible. I mean the lyrics were good and everything but the lead singers voice does not sound good against deep dark electronica. Maybe if they decide to stay with this type of music they could get someone else.. although I would miss her.   Also this cd has the shortest number of tracks than there previous ones, and really, I think they tried too fast to put out this album.  Don't judge the cardigans by this cd.. judge by there older music. &quot;The first band on the moon&quot; and &quot;life&quot; are two of my favorite cd's... and I'm into rock.  But I suppose every cd has its good songs.. even if there are few. I did like erase/rewind, hanging around, and I guess my favourite game was standable. Although &quot;Nil&quot; the 11th and last track is only about one minute of piano music which sounds scary at first look but then becomes beatiful the more you listen to it. By the way I looked Nil up in the dictionary, it stands for nothing-zero. Kind of like this cd compared to there older ones.
0061020680|4.0|This is my first Terry Pratchett book - and frankly, after reading this book, I'm not sure why I didn't start earlier. But first - &quot;Mort&quot; tells about Mort, a young boy living in the Discworld who is looking for an apprentice position. Fortunately (or not), Death - yes, the grim reaper - is looking for an apprentice and Mort seems like a very good candidate. Mort takes on the offer and starts a rather bizarre existence.. especially since he falls in love with one of his &quot;Clients&quot; and refuses to let her die, thus, challenging the destiny and gods of the Discworld. <BR> As a stranger to discworld I was a bit afraid that I will not understand many of the puns and ideas of this book, but it is *completely* self contained. I did feel there were some references that I wasn't familiar with, but nothing which ruined the fun in the least. Very highly recommended, reading it was a nonstop pleasure.
B00004D3C1|5.0|this album caught me off guard on the first song. its the same ol fumanchu but that opening riff to hell on wheels is the riff that killed elvis. possibly the coolest riff ever made.besides gardenia by kyuss. the thing that makes this album so great tho is brant bjorks god like drumming. blue tile feaver is a cool song that starts off kinda slow for fu standards, but starts rocking real hard not to far onto the song. breathing fire is pure fury. my advice buy this album then go on a trip this is one of the best driving albums ever made.
0553812173|2.0|After finishing the final pages of Gardens of the Moon, it is difficult for me to appreciate the expanse of critical acclaim that this book has garnered. Unlike many of the other reviewers, I felt this story sorely lacking the richness and magical quality that other writers such as Tolkien, Jordan, and Martin have delivered. While throwing the conventional storyline, stereotypical characters, and magical farce of traditional fantasy into the backseat in a refreshing attempt to create something new of fantasy, this effort falls short of the goals it reached for. While Erikson's world of Genabackis and Malazan seems complex and exciting, the intricate world is hardly explored in depth and seems lacking in its history or feel. A multitude of `main' characters plague the storylines giving you hardly any chance to become comfortable or understanding of any one character. With a possible twenty-four different characters supplying their POVs at least once to the story, the static characters not only have no depth or complexity, but the omnipresent feel of seeming to know absolutely everything that is going on leaves no room for any sort of surprise or excitement of what may happen next. And though action seethes throughout the book, the storyline runs totally rampant and leaves you behind wondering if there is any sort of plot to the story or what is going on.<br />Unlike many of the other reviewers, I believe that the beginning of Gardens of the Moon, or perhaps the first `book', Pale, is the best written and most interesting. While not exactly overflowing with action sequences, the first book introduces you to the characters with the most, or should I say, the only characters with depth to them. Paran, Tattersail, Whiskeyjack, and Lorn show promise in the first chapters. However, upon entering book 2, Darujhistan, the previous plot and its characters in Pale are lost to be replaced by a multitude of pathetically-rendered characters many of whom seem like reflections of one another. Any sort of storyline or direction flops all over the place as the story passes through the POVs of nine different characters. Perhaps if six of these characters were not introduced, the plot may have gone somewhere or shown some steady track, yet the farce of switching characters every other page or so leaves the reader feeling confused and choking on a storyline with no seeming purpose. <br />Though some of the characters do seem realistic, there is never enough time to become involved with any characters or understand why they do what they do. This quality makes that most of the characters seem unnecessary, and it takes away from the story because it causes you to not really care what happens to any of the characters. All of their own subplots seem so insignificant and aimless that upon finishing the story, I could not have cared if Darujhistan blew up and took all the characters with it. <br />And while Erikson seems to tell much of the story without direction or focus, the parts of the story that do contain some sort of straightforwardness add nothing to the book and make you wonder why they were added at all. What was the point of Hairlock? Why was the Jaghut Tyrant added and then so effortlessly blown away? The story doesn't revolve around any sort of centralized plot or plots and as the story comes to an absolutely open ended, eventless end, it leads the reader to ask themselves \\"what actually happened in this book\\". I have heard that this book is supposedly just one of many in a series, but this book had absolutely no sort of wholeness or conclusion to it that you question why that book doesn't just keep rambling on. The book has no sort of beat or rhythm to it at all. Instead of each chapter bringing about a certain event or idea, each is chopped apart and scattered between characters making it really unnecessary to even start another chapter. So many things aren't explained, whether it be history, or character background, or even the ascendants and warrens, that the reader has nothing to hold on to in order to understand or recognize things. <br />Though I have felt Gardens of the Moon to be only an adequate debut, I feel Erikson will be an author to watch. While this first story was lacking and confusing, I do have a feeling that things may be explained and cleared up perhaps in the upcoming novel. I do wonder what will become of Tattersail, Paran, and Whiskeyjack, so I will perhaps read on. However, to those of you reading this review, this Gardens of the Moon doesn't come close to the quality and intricacy that is found in series like the Wheel of Time or A Song of Ice and Fire. Yet however, it is a league up from much that fantasy has to offer these days.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|Take one bag of cliched plotlines, dress it up in saccarine sentiments and hammy acting and some very faux-profound pop lyrics and edit the whole thing to death ... and you end up with Moulin Rouge. <br />When the Ziegler character broke into a chorus of &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; I just cringed and wanted to dissapear into my seat. To be totally frank, I couldn't believe what I was watching (&amp; that I'd paid good money for the privilege). I have never been embarrassed by a movie before, but in this case I felt acutely embarrassed for the actor (who looked equally nauseaus even beneath all that hammy acting), the director, the writer (where was the writer, by the way?), the producer, in fact anyone remotely associated with this lurid &amp; misconceived attempt to reinvent the musical genre for the MTV generation. <br />If you want to experience the real depth of emotion created by a musical with brilliant original songwriting &amp; lyrics AND fast-paced set pieces which are slickly edited without giving you a migraine two minutes into the film, watch Lionel Bart's classic 60's musical &quot;Oliver&quot;. <br />And what was with all those double entendres about the size and length of the Ewan McGreggor character's 'you know what'? (&quot;It's very long..&quot; says he to a patently horrified Nicole Kidman). Whoever scripted these gags must have been a ... from The Benny Hill Show. But of course, the poor ... ... audience is expected to find schlong-length jokes absolutely hilarious. <br />Ewan's earnestness as the lovelorn young writer made me want to vomit, not to mention his tendency to break out into saccarine sweet &amp; vapid pop lyrics at every opportunity (I honestly believe we were expected to swallow the &quot;all you need is love&quot; line as though it were the greatest pronouncement on the subject ever passed down to mere mortals). Incidentally, the director wielded the &quot;love&quot; theme about as deftly as a cudgel.<br />Anyway, the anachronism ofscoring a musical supposedly set during La Belle Epoch with nothing more original than Madonna/Queen/Elton John covers had me gaping with astonishment and, worse, reflecting sadly on the ultimate 2 dimensionality and emptiness of our own pop/mass media culture versus say, Puccini's treatment of the same subject matter.  <br />The mish mash of plotlines borrowed or stolen from greater achievements was so shamelessly done, one realizes that the only way the director could have got away with it was for his audience to be totally clueless. Nicole dying of TB/Struggling bohemians (La Boheme) being but one blindingly obvious ... .... Then you had the sub-Titanic bit at the end where the man servant is running amok with a pistol trying to murder the penniless young artist who stole his master's main squeeze. That was highly original, I must say. <br />Mind you, I strongly applaud the constant focus on Nicole Kidman/Sabine's suspendered thighs. Her thighs were probably the best part of the entire miserable movie and prevented me at more than one point from walking out of the theatre. <br />This is a modern day musical for the kind of people who uncritically believe that Queen are the most profound artists since Leonardo Da Vinci. Horrid childish script lines embarrassingly delivered by actors who - being of higher calibre than this film deserves - ought to have known better. Horrible horrible waste of two hours. It has done irreversible damage to the musical genre.
B00003CXRM|5.0|For a Tennessee gal who discovered bluegrass and old time harmonies in the 70's in college, this movie was like coming home. Great performances and a very interesting interpretation of a classic story. Loved the classical details - the fact that the three characters ALWAYS appear in the same order (left to right), the choruses throughout - and all of the small touches that highlight the action. Crafted like a Hitchcock film -- maybe better.  Great to hear Norman Blake again and Tim Blake Nelson is darned near a dead ringer for Hank Williams. (Senior.) (I sense a future career in recording, if he wants it.) One comment:  next time, please let's SEE the main characters buck dance (in the performance onstage), not just watch their arms wave around!  Otherwise, near perfect movie making from the Brothers Cohen, who started strong with Blood Simple and whose understanding continues to deepen as time goes by. Bravo!
0440180295|1.0|This book was so confusing.  All the events were out of order, and the time skipped around a lot, and I was so lost.  I didn't understand what was happening, and I still don't know what exactly the &quot;slaughterhouse five&quot; is.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone...it was a waste of time to read it.
6303430570|5.0|Ok what is with you people who are giving this only 4 stars just because of the camera work and its balck and white?? Would you people just watch the ... movie instead of critsizing every possible flaw?? I mean i am starting to wonder if you people pay attention to the actual movie like the plot and humor and stuff or if you just watch and sit there and pay attention to how the camera is being worked or what color it is!! Does it really matter?? Was the script good?? Were the actors good?? well if they were then why in the hell are you so worried about the camera work and color?? Thsi movie was one of the funniest movies i have ever seen!! The acting was just great and the actors actually seemed like what they were playing in the movie was their actual life. You couldnt even tell if they were acting or just going about their normal lives!! well i own this movie and have watched it so many times and yet everytime i watch it it still leaves me laughing so hard at the end
006019250X|5.0|The Alchemist is a must buy for every who wants to know the secret of true happiness in life.  A quick read (I finished it in three hours)because it is so simple a child can understand it.  People of all races and creeds will find this book uplifting.  Just read it!
B00004XPPK|5.0|As a young man I want to write a few words about the film &quot;Gilda&quot;. The film was made decades before my time. I do like old films when they are good. &quot;Gilda&quot; as such did impress me less by its contents, but I was completely fascinated by the beauty and sex-appeal of the ravishing beautiful Rita Hayworth. One ca really feel her charisma and sensuality and it shows clearly, why men at that time were completely bewitched by her. In &quot;Gilda&quot; she appears so seductive sexy , so temperamental and yet so unapproachable in her beauty. All this is rather unusual for the prudish America of that epoch.
B00000ILBK|4.0|. . .by this &quot;Next Generation&quot; picture.<br />While I thorougly enjoyed many of the &quot;Star Trek: Next Generation&quot; television episodes, I have been disappointed by the &quot;Next Generation&quot; movies.  &quot;Generations&quot; was OK -- &quot;First Contact&quot; was insulting to all classic 'trekkies'.<br />HOWEVER, &quot;Insurrection&quot; was wonderful.  The plot was reasonable (considering 24th century technology, of course) and the moral questions which were explored were relevant and meaningfully discussed.<br />In addition, the cinematography and special effects lived up to the high standard which fans of &quot;Star Trek&quot; in its various incarnations have come to expect.<br />I'm truly sorry I missed this one in the theatre.
B000002H97|5.0|The first Metallica song I ever heard was &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;. I had no idea who sang the song, but I loved it...several years later I found out it was Metallica's work. I bought the CD just for that song, but as I always do, I found better tracks on the album. This CD has a little bit for everybody. If you like their old CD's, you'll enjoy half the CD. If you like their newer stuff, the other half of the CD will be wonderful...but if you're like me and just overall like all their music, this is the pefect album. Read on:<br />1. Enter Sandman--A classic Metallica song. Loud, fast, 80's style. 2. Sad But True--A fast-paced song that I enjoyed right away. 3. Holier Than Thou--Not one of my favorites, but enjoyable. 4. The Unforgiven--Better than Unforgiven II. Slow and quiet, then fast and furious. Loved it, still do. 5. Wherever I May Roam--Like track 3, not one of my favorites, but a song I enjoy nonetheless. 6. Don't Tread on Me--My 2nd favorite song on the album. A lot like their old music, but mixed with some &quot;Load&quot;-like style. Very nice, but not long...about 4 minutes. 7. Through the Never--Interesting, fast...sounds a lot like a war cry...reminds me of the &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; CD. 8. Nothing Else Matters--My favorite song. Slow, quiet, very similar to &quot;Fade to Black&quot;. 9. Of Wolf and Man--A great song, and a supurb track to follow the somber &quot;Nothing Else Matters.&quot; 10. The God That Failed--Slow but strong in my opinion. 11. My Friend of Misery--Strong lyrics with powerful music, a song most people will enjoy. 12. The Struggle Within--The shortest track on the entire album. Very fast, great guitars...makes you wanna jump around. The heaviest song on the CD, and a great finisher to an outstanding album.<br />Buy &quot;The Black Album&quot;...if you don't have this CD already, you can't call yourself a Metallica fan until you do.
0393312836|5.0|This is the first book I've read by Burgess.  It will NOT be the last.  It's been quite a while since I've been so enthusiastic about a book!<br />Burgess creates a tale about twisted teenagers, who's life is dedicated to violence.  In their eyes, the more people hurt, the better.  When the police capture Alex (leader of the gang), instead of sending him off to jail, they use him as an experiment.  He is given to the government as a lab rat for a new &quot;treatment&quot; that boasts criminals can finally re-enter society, and instead of being a danger, will be a constructive and completely &quot;corrected&quot; citizen. However, the method has it's down sides, and leaves Alex completely defenseless.  He is quickly and easily driven insane by a group manipulating him in a scheme to prove the government wrong.  I won't give any details, and I'm not going to give away the ending, but even if you knew the whole story from start to finish, every twist and turn, A Clockwork Orange would stilll be this good.  <br />What makes this book so fantastic is Burgess's ability to tear you apart.  Throughout the book, Alex narrates as if you were his friend.  You go through everything with him, and then you begin to feel sorry for him!  All the while, I couldn't help but think, &quot;I SHOULDN'T feel sorry for Alex!&quot;.  I was completely split.  It really breaks down traditional good and evil.  When I began reading, I thought, Alex and his &quot;droogs&quot; are the evil, the government is good..typical theme... As I read furthur, however, I began to question which was good and which was truly evil.  Then you see that not everything breaks down into black and white.  A Clockwork Orange is certainly no ordinary tale.  It questions all kinds of things that most authors never really take the time to question.  Questions that don't really have definitive answers.. that will keep you thinking longg after you're done the book.  <br />The language that Burgess created for the book sets the mood and puts you in the story once you get the hang of it.  I had anticipated it being much harder, and printed out a long &quot;Nadsat Glossary&quot;, which was completely unnecessary.  There aren't any words that you won't be able to figure out from the context.  <br />I also thought that I should address the fact that the original version of the book has 21 chapters in it, and the movie cuts out the last chapter.  I've never seen the movie, but without the last chapter the book would be quite different, without as much meaning.  So even if you've watched the movie, you should read the book.  <br />I can't think of the last time I read a book that made me smile, laugh, and gasp in horror and discust all within 192 pages. And when it was all over, I came away satisfied, feeling like I'd actully got something out of the novel.  It's really an amazing book.
044022165X|2.0|I loved every minute of this book except the ending. The main body is filled with wit and excitement as we follow Rudy in his attempts to find a job and try his first case. At this point Grisham presents the reader with a half baked , totally unbelievable mini drama, the outcome of which made me dislike a previously likeable character. Rudy, who detests the unethical practices of those around him, lets the reader down.  The final chapters give the impression that the author wants to finish up quickly, but instead of saying &quot;and they all lived happily ever after&quot;,  he writes &quot; and they all commited some serious crimes, flew to the moon and lived there happily ever after&quot;. You'll be disappointed.
B000002UAU|4.0|Better than Revolver but inferior to Abbey Road and most of the White Album. Like the White Album, it also contains filler- Within You Without You has it's place on the album, but when listened to on it's own, it sucks. Same for She's Leaving Home, Getting Better, and When I'm Sixty Four.
0671034065|3.0|OK, so this is not the Book of Life..but it was great fun to read. The sexual banter (down and dirty)between                    Sam and Jaine was very funny and not mean spirited. You will laugh out loud. The 4 friends were great and                    the mystery was easy to solve. Believe me, we would all like a neighbor like Sam!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|best movie i have ever watched.
0380730367|3.0|Someone told me to read them in order and I am glad I did. Excellent reading. Dennis has a way with words and characters. The dialogue is dry and great! I can hear the Boston neighborhoods! Loved all the characters and especially Bubba who is a hoot! I will have to save &quot;Mystic River&quot; for                            another time. It's a little too dark for me. But I hear it is great. Congrats,Dennis!
B00004YX39|5.0|This album is awesome... I bought it today and I love it... this is the second Steely Dan album I've listened to (Aja was the first) and well, I wondered how it would stand up next to Aja, cause Aja is perfect, and well, it stands up nicely... I love every song on here, but the weakest one is Glamour Profession, which is a good song, but is just way too long... not that I don't like long songs (Aja is one of my favorite Dan songs), it's just that this one doesn't work as a long one... I remember hearing Hey Nineteen on the radio a few weeks ago and I was like &quot;Whoa, that's the coolest song ever!!!&quot;... well, not quite, but it's pretty damn cool... so I picked it up, and I love it... the jazz rock pop that these guys released in the 70's is just so damn good... I can listen to it all day and love every second of it... it's just so cool, and it always brings a smile to my face no matter how down the lyrics are (I hardly pay attention to the lyrics anyways)... stand outs are, well, every track except the glamour profession (still an alright song)... ignore the bad reviews of this album and go buy it... you won't be dissappointed
6303365809|4.0|Although my 8 year old daughter loved this movie, I was a little disappointed with it.  Although it's printed right on the box that the running time is 52 minutes, I timed it and it was only 25 minutes.  They must have gotten the numbers reversed.  Also, there was supposed to be a second story, but it wasn't there.  It had run out of tape after only 25 minutes.  I probably won't return it, since I'd have to pry it out of my daughter's hands!!  She loves cats and calls it &quot;adorable.&quot;
B00003CXRP|2.0|The previews looked great for this one, but it really was disappointing.  I watched it with some friends and we all sat around waiting for it to end...it dragged on for some time.
0062502182|5.0|&quot;What a lovely story&quot; to quote the Alchemist!  This book had me from the first chapter.  I have recommended this to everyone I know--it is that inspiring.
0790751305|5.0|As a member of the first television generation and, as one who has grown up under the profound psychosocial influences of movie productions, I think of &quot;Unforgiven&quot; as one of the very best adult &quot;Western&quot; films ever produced.  <br />This film graphically displays the militant &quot;narcissistic need and entitlement deprivation&quot; associated with &quot;Alcoholism, Narcissism, and Psychopathology&quot; by Gary Forrest very well.  The focus on masculinity as a &quot;Gender Identity&quot; problem is remarkably well illustrated.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Slipknot is an amazing band.  All though they lack in tallent, they can write some amazing songs.  Their lyrics are amazing and really reach out to me.  The original release of this C.D. featured a track entitled &quot;Purity&quot;.  That was my favorite song.  It was somewhat of a slow version of &quot;Despise&quot; with a different guitar part and a some different lyrics.  &quot;Surfacing&quot; is definitely Slipknot's anthem.  It starts off with just a screaching guitar while the other instruments gradually kick in until Corey screams &quot;F*&amp;# you all!&quot; and the track just bursts out with each instrument doing their part.  Then it goes into a verse, and explodes into the chorus.  The bridge of the song is amazing. Which brings me to another thing, basically each song has a bridge, and each bridge is absolutely amazing.  &quot;Only One&quot; is a great track.  It starts off with some freaky sound effects that I think are done with the guitar and a pedal.  The guitar riffs of the song is great.  Then it goes into a full hip hop-like verse and then goes back to the great sound of Slipknot.  In 1994, the world was introduced to KoRn, who opened the door for many different bands such as Limp Bizkit, Linkin Park, and Staind.  For a while it was just a bunch of bands working off of KoRn.  Now it's Slipknot's turn, and already, they have inspired some bands.  MuDvAyNe for one, not just because MuDvAyNe wears make-up, but because there is obvious Slipknot influence in their music, although there are also many different elements in the music.  This is my favorite band and C.D. and I cannot wait until Iowa comes out.
B00003CXRP|1.0|seems like i am in the minority on this site, or maybe all the other reviews were actually paid for or even written by studio employees...anyway, here's my &quot;review&quot;...<br />Perect example of good idea, probably even a good treatment and I might go as far as suspecting there used to once be a good script for Cast Away.  The idea SEEMED to be:  man allows work to engulf his life, perfect employee but losing control of his personal life, man gets &quot;second chance&quot; by getting standed on a island giving him a chance to &quot;think about life&quot; and reconsider his priorities.<br />Like Speilberg's newest fiasco A.I., I think Zemeckis just didn't understand what he had.  I instead of making what could have been a very meaningful film, he decided to foof it up, add some tears and some smiles, make that all tears and smiles, to a point that the story doesn't really matter.<br />The first act is the man, Hanks, as he was.  Hard worker, busy little worker be.  But with all the Federal Express logos and pep rallies saturating the screen time, its hard to really tell what's trying to be said.  Big corporations bad?  No?  They turn you into robots though, at their becken call.  But big corporation good for us little guys who need our packages on time (since time rules our lives too, we need things FAST).  Very confusing.<br />The second act, man (Hanks) &quot;finding himself.&quot;  I don't think this is what desolation is about.  Maybe Zemeckis should watch directors such as Antonio, Wenders, and Jarmusch who have perfected the visualization of loneliness on the big screen.  This all plays out being too goofy and rediculous.  Sure this is the &quot;movies&quot; but with a story like this SOME realism is expected!  This could have played out to be a big step for hollywood if Zemeckis did this sequence the right way.  Let the audience feel the pain of loneliness, quiet minimalism CAN be good.  Our attention spans need to be tested and the film could have drawnthe viewers in so much more (therefore opening themselves up for even more Zemeckis sap).<br />Third act.  It's all down hill from here.  A strange love story happens.  Its all been done before.  Man loves woman.  Man dissappears, presumed dead.  Woman marries someone else (trust me, I'm not ruining anything for you).  Man comes back finds his wife with another man/family.  Man tries to get woman back.  Man denied.  Man finds new woman.  And the funniest thing about the third act is that he finds himself emerced in work as soon as he gets back to the world again.  And he seems happy doing so.  And he finds his &quot;new love&quot; how else, but by successfully delivering a federal express package to her (one of the packages that washes up on the deserted with Hanks - conveniently nothing is ever mentioned of the other packages, such as the ever so famous volleyball, that the federal express employee opened, rumaged through and used, left or ruined during his stay on the island).  Chalk up another plug for Federal Express and another strike for Zemeckis.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I just got back from seeing this movie at the theatre and I can't put into words how good it is.  If you don't like musicals, you shouldn't go see this--it is very much a modern day musical.  Nicole Kidman proves to be a magician of many tricks once again.  Her talent is heightened to a new level.  Ewan McGregor shines very brightly, even in the light of Ms. Kidman.  He is gorgeous and talented, all in one.  They both have extremely pleasant voices to listen to.  All in all, everything was awesome, to say the least.  Be ready for continual business on the screen-- your eyes really don't get a break throughout the movie.  The plot moved along nicely, not lacking for anything, not dragging.  I didn't once look at my watch, like I do in many recent movies.  As soon as this comes out to pre-order, I'll be ordering it!  It is a MUST HAVE in every music-buff's collection!
0553579908|4.0|The main problems I had with this fascinating and disturbing book is that, first, the series must be read in order, for it to make any sense, and second, they don't end, they just STOP.  A glossary would help, too.  Just what is a &quot;hedge knight&quot;, anyway?<br />Roy Neal
6304535570|2.0|After seeing The Saint on television with Roger Moore, I became extremely addicted to the show and loved it very much.  Practically James Bond without the gadgets.  A couple of weeks ago I finally watched The Saint with Val Kilmer.  The reason I wasnt too crazy about the movie was the fact that Kilmer's character resembled nothing of the Roger Moore character.  Roger Moore was debanoir, suave and knew what he was doing.  Kilmer was sometimes not believable and was also in different disguises.  The Roger Moore character was never in disguise and to the best of my knowledge, the George Sanders character was not also. However, I give the movie credit for establishing a plot that gets a little outrageous.  Fair movie, but watch the Roger Moore show if you like the Simon Templar character.
B000002AGN|5.0|Brubeck's music is timeless. \\"Blue Rondo a la Turk\\" and \\"Take Five\\" have become tried and true standards over the years. The album is ear candy from start to finish. It captures the jazz essence while remaining accessable for the uninitiated ear. None of that \\"sounds like the band tuning up for 30 minutes.\\" BUY IT!
B00003CXDZ|1.0|This movie is a pretentious nonsense, stealing just about every visual element of the great European directors likes Federico Fellini or movies such as &quot;Le Voyage dans la Lune, (A Trip to the Moon), turn of the century french paintings, even Cabaret and many others, it could be very long list.  Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec ? Ah, please ! (I assume, those who found it original, don't know what I'm talking about.)Unfortunately the visual galore doesn't rescue the film, the story is a cliche, the cartoonish acting and frenetic pace is down right annoying; the fairy tale-like scenes are over the top and they are just not funny at all. The soundtrack seems to be a very bad match. Right up with duds like Wild Wild West, The Avengers and The Mummy. Yikes !
B00005AR3G|5.0|This dvd is wonderful!  Some people might argue that it's animated, so how good can it be?  Very good!  The voice talents  include David Spade, John Goodman, and Eartha Kit.  I think my favorite caracter is Kronk.  Look for him, if you watch this.  And I hope you will!!! P.S. I recommend buying this on dvd for 2 reasons: 1. It's cheaper 2. You can watch behind the scences things AND watch interviews with the actors and actresses.  Enjoy!
B000000JO3|5.0|Ah the CD starts, and the beggining sound of the track gets etched into your brain.<BR> Very few bands can etch songs so throughly into your brain, MDC could and the Dead Kennedys could, and so can Minor Threat.<BR> Each song is short, the first 10 tracks go by almost under 10 or 15 minutes, all 26 tracks end around 47 minutes.<BR> Over all a great album and should be worth a listen, expesially if you think Korn is hardcore.
0385484518|5.0|What a wonderful book!   <br />Should be required reading for every adult.  Especially if you find yourself immersed in the middle of all your &quot;things&quot; and asking yourself, &quot;Is this all there is?&quot;.<br />Before beginning your reading of this book, find your highliter marker, because there's plenty of comments about life worth marking (i. e. &quot;Without love, we're a bird with a broken wing&quot;).  <br />My pastor often warns in his teachings about giving first-rate loyalties to third-rate causes.  This book certainly reinforces that advice.<br />Our perspective, and priorities change so much with age, and experiences.  <br />Excellent!
B00000I8NC|4.0|Instrumentally this is probably the single purest expression of the GYBE! gestalt, which given the lower price makes this an ideal first purchase. &quot;Moya&quot; beginns as a heart-rendingly mournful and dissonant violin piece, then switches to guitar, beginning quietly and building step by step in their trademark way into a monster wall of sound that reminds me of classic instrumental surf music run through the full gamut of post-Sonic-Youth guitar experimentation. After several climaxes and collapses it fades into &quot;BBF3&quot;, which would be nearly as good were it not fatally marred by the rantings of an anti-[U.S.]-Government gun nut, which they recorded on the street. This is good for a chuckle the first time, and does fit in well with GYBE's general mood of apocalyptic paranoia, but it gets really annoying thereafter. Fortunately the spoken word only appears on about half the track, and nowadays I fast-forward through all of it, even while driving in fast-moving traffic. Were &quot;BBF3&quot; instrumental, I would give this CD the full five stars it deserves. Even in its current flawed state, this is a major piece of music that stands as one of the few things I can think of (along with the works of Rachel's) to show that it's possible to intelligently combine rock with classical music.
B000006U44|4.0|Every song on this album is absolutely amazing! Kate Bush has created a masterpiece with The Kick Inside\\" and I can hardly wait to hear her other albums!
B00000I8NC|4.0|Instrumentally this is probably the single purest expression of the GYBE! gestalt, which given the lower price makes this an ideal first purchase. &quot;Moya&quot; beginns as a heart-rendingly mournful and dissonant violin piece, then switches to guitar, beginning quietly and building step by step in their trademark way into a monster wall of sound that reminds me of classic instrumental surf music run through the full gamut of post-Sonic-Youth guitar experimentation. After several climaxes and collapses it fades into &quot;BBF3&quot;, which would be nearly as good were it not fatally marred by the rantings of an anti-[U.S.]-Government gun nut, which they recorded on the street. This is good for a chuckle the first time, and does fit in well with GYBE's general mood of apocalyptic paranoia, but it gets really annoying thereafter. Fortunately the spoken word only appears on about half the track, and nowadays I fast-forward through all of it, even while driving in fast-moving traffic. Were &quot;BBF3&quot; instrumental, I would give this CD the full five stars it deserves. Even in its current flawed state, this is a major piece of music that stands as one of the few things I can think of (along with the works of Rachel's) to show that it's possible to intelligently combine rock with classical music.
B0000039QA|5.0|&quot;Life After Death&quot; did not sell because Biggie died.  It sold because it's a fantastic album.  Don't even tell me that this album is not good, and that Biggie was not indeed the King of New York (as far as rap goes).  I, myself, had forgotten about half the songs that were on this disc.  Just to list a few good ones: &quot;Hypnotize&quot;, &quot;Kick In The Door&quot;, &quot;I Love the Dough&quot;, &quot;What's Beef&quot;, &quot;Notorious Thugs&quot;, &quot;Miss U&quot;, &quot;Another&quot;, &quot;Long Kiss Goodnight&quot; and &quot;Ten Crack Commandments&quot;.
0780622553|1.0|Don't be fooled by the enthusiastic reviews--the truth is that this movie is completely terrible. Kiefer Sutherland adopts a profoundly annoying accent that makes this otherwise forgettable movie memorably bad. The premise is the same as the Matrix (humans living in some sort of alternative reality universe controlled by superpowerful beings) but the Matrix was cool, stylish, visually pleasing etc.  This movie just sucks which is why you probably didn't hear about it when it first came out.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles takes this CD to all new levels...And for the listener, this is a incredible journey through sound.  A must-have for any music collection.
B000002ADT|5.0|So many great reviews were written about this landmark recording, yet each brings the unique personal experience and is valuable. Every time I listen to Flamenco Sketches, for the past 13 years, I get the same thrill of anticipation whenever the soloist (each one in his turn) moves from one mode to another. The move to the minor mode is crushingly emotional to me and brought tears to my eyes more than once. Miles Davis solo entrance on both &quot;All blues&quot; and &quot;so what&quot; is the pinnacle of musicianship. His tone is full and sharp, and his timing is what makes me so moved. I listen to this perfect album only when I know I will do nothing else but sit still and let myself be immersed by the beautiful music.  This Cd convinced me once and for all that chords and chord changes are not essential to good Jazz, and the modal ideas can be just as stimulating and effective. I join everyone in recommending this true masterpiece to all.
0380973650|5.0|I heard Neil Gaiman read an excerpt from this book and I immediately bought it.  I kept his &quot;voice&quot; in my head for the entire novel.  It is spellbinding.  I admit, I also had to get a dictionary of mythology because he covers everything here.  Fantastic read!
B00001QEE9|5.0|BRilliant masterpiece !!! a movie filled with joy and love because it was created in a different time , when it was more important to entertain people , the music the acting (!) of the characters, everything is good in this timeless piece.
0060392886|5.0|I was never a big Motley Crue fan - but I am now! Yeah, it's another Sex,Drugs and Rock-n-Roll book - but it has something more. The guys take you from their childhood years up till 2001. I admire their honesty and openess. I'm surprised they had any clarity at all. I couldnt put this book down. I'm amazed that these guys are still alive, especially Nikki. This book brought back memories, made me laugh, made my jaw drop and caused me to cry like a baby. I loved every page but the one chapter that really &quot;touched&quot; me is the one with Vince talking about his little girl - NO one should have to go thru that, especially a 4 year-old. Vince if your reading this, I'm sooo sorry.
0064407667|4.0|Lemony Snicket creates yet another dark but clever tale in the series of unfortunate events.The Baldelaires enter a new home and hope that the evil Count Olaf does not track them down.A book that starts and ends in totally different ways. The book does not need a dictionary at hand because the author has provided definitions for young readers. Abook for all ages.
B00005B7CK|3.0|O Brother, Where Art Thou? (Joel and Ethan Coen, 2000)<br /><br />First and foremost: the person who decided that the score for this film needed nominating for an Oscar should be boiled in lead. Even if some of the other pieces therein were engaging, catchy, etc., the version of \\"I'll Fly Away\\" that \\"graces\\" this soundtrack is the very resurrection of the shrieking out-of-tune harridans whose off-key warbling made the soundtracks to so many fifties and sixties musicals unlistenable. Even worse, whatever infernal power resurrected them allowed the decay of forty years of neglect to stay in their vocal cords, and they sound worse than ever.<br /><br />All right, aside from that, this movie was kinda fun. Far more mainstram than one expects from the Brothers Coen, especially with the nose-thumbs they presented society with in their last film, the brilliantly funny Fargo (1996). But they do go on to assert, and with enough backing to make it believable, that no, mainstream does not have to equal crap. They do this mostly the way they always do it-- by getting the finest possible ensemble cast to worm its way through their twisted scripts.<br /><br />In this case, Jason and his Argonauts (you did know it's based-- very, very loosely-- on The Odyssey, right?) are George Clooney, an unrecognizable John Turturro, and the slightly more recognizable Tim Blake Nelson, last scene in yet another cameo in The Thin Red Line. (Nelson's been spending more time behind the<br />camera these days, having recently finished directing _O_, the newest film retelling of the Bard's play Othello.) They are besieged and beset by some of the more memorable characters from Homer's work, most notably a Cyclopean John Goodman and Michael Badalucco as Babyface Nelson (I know, given the number of roles this guy had, I shouldn't keep referring to him as \\"the guy who played Davey Zifrin on Law and Order,\\" but jeez, he was SO good in that role...). Add in Holly Hunter, fresh from a stint in the indie world, as Clooney's wayward wife, and you've got a fun little flick. It probably won't be remembered as the height of the Brothers Coen's career, but if you turn the sound off during \\"I'll Fly Away,\\" it's a worthy enough addition to the corpus.orld, as Clooney's wayward wife, and you've got a fun little flick. It probably won't be remembered as the height of the Brothers Coen's career, but if you turn the sound off during \\"I'll Fly Away,\\" it's a worthy enough addition to the corpus.
0684869713|1.0|ayn rand is dumb.  objectivism is dumb.  the fountainhead is dumb.  i fail to understand, to empathize with the dimwitted people who fall for this crap.  the lady obviously thinks she is moving a mountain with every worthless word that she writes.  her characters are exaggerated, her dialogue is melodramatic.  i couldn't find a plot.  everything seemed to be leading to a point that she never really got to.  this book can only appeal to weak spirits that are easily lead.  shouldn't have even given her that one star.<br />if anyone wants to challenge me on this...
0679879269|5.0|Pullman brings His Dark Materials to a close with a big, sprawling, apocalyptic piece of work that ties up all those loose ends quite satisfactorily. The most amazing thing about The Amber Spyglass-- since by now series readers should be perfectly familiar with the setup/revelation dynamic (and again, there are many things Pullman set up in the earlier books that are obvious, but their fuction seems to be to conceal the less obvious setups, equally brilliant in this book as the last)-- is that by the last hundred pages in this novel, the reader has seen any number of ways in which Pullman could wimp out and take the easy road with his characters. Happy endings all around, the world is saved, blah blah blah. Nope. Pullman allows his characters to think that happy endings are in the offing before hitting them with the painful truth that, hey, this is real life. And after 1,200 pages of Pullman's many parallel universes, it might as well BE real life.<br /><br />I was pained to see this series end. Probably the finest series of fantasy novels I've read since first being introduced to Michael Moorcock's Elric novels back in high school. Hopefully His Dark Materials will achieve the same lasting success those books have had. *****
B0000029LG|4.0|Hands down, Disc 1 is one of the greatest collections of music compiled on one disc.  If you're a fan or not I'm sure you can sing along with these songs.  These greatest hits are the reasons why Michael is KING!  You have time classics such as Rock With You, Don't Stop Til You Get Enough, Billie Jean, The Girl Is Mine, Beat It, Thriller, Bad, The Way You Make Me Feel, Man In The Mirror, Black Or White, and Remember The Time.  You take a look at the song list and already you get excited.  If you listen to the double album like I did in one seating.  You can't help but get anxious to listen to the second disc while listening to the first disc.  Now, I can't lie....I'm as big a fan of the King of Pop as anyone is but this new material just didn't do it for me like his past albums did.  I hear an angry Michael that I'm just not use to hearing.  I grew up with this man and when this album came out I was in the summer of going into 8th grade.  Was this what I expected?  No it wasn't.  Was this what I wanted?  No it wasn't.  You can't buy a better sounding album....I mean the engineering, mixing, and the production is top notch, first class type work.  But the material can't touch his last three albums (Dangerous, Bad, and Thriller).  Now don't get me wrong...Mike has some great songs on there but they are few.  Which is unordinary for him.  While his past albums you can listen to straight through, this album you might want to skip a few songs.  And if you skip, skip to these songs Scream, Stranger In Moscow, Earth Song, You Are Not Alone, and Smile.  This angry, bashing on his critics and the media isn't what I wanted to hear.  Compared to his last albums it doesn't compare to them.  Hopefully these rave reviews I hear of his new album Invinsible are true and it's not going to dissappoint me like History Disc 2 did.  It's not the greatest Michael Jackson album but it's a good one.  The greatest hits is a must have!!  And the new material has got a few great songs also.Would I buy it again if I lost it?  Yes I would!  You can't beat what it's got to offer...and after a while those songs will grow on you.  But he should stick to what he did best..Play it off smooth.
B000050IMG|1.0|Scary Movie (Keenen Ivory Wayans, 1999)<br /><br />The tagline to this movie promised &quot;no sequel.&quot; Would that it had been accurate. Maybe I'm just getting too old for this (but then, come to think of it, I had no pateince for mindlessness when I was a teen, either), but I found Scary Movie about as funny as American Pie-- a whole lot of jokes that missed the mark, and those few that found it just didn't appeal to my sense of humor. Besides, why parody a genre of films that's already so mired in self-parody? (zero)
B00003CXN4|1.0|This was the worst movie I have seen in a long time.  The cinematography was awful. (Switching from brownish/orange filter during scenes in Mexico, and Blue filter while on Micheal Douglas) This movie had potential, but it had too many characters to keep up with, and Katherine Zeta Jones turned from an innocent &quot;soccer mom&quot; to a cut-throat drug trafficing killer within 2 minutes. I just don't understand what all of rants and raves were about.  I have seen better made for TV movies on Lifetime channel.<br />If you want a long dry movie, this is the one for you.
014028009X|1.0|I found the book to be v. dull.  There were many references to places and customs in London that unless you have been there, many wouldn't know what the author was referring to.  This book was definitely overhyped!  I kept reading hoping it would get better, but unfortunately it turned out to be just wasted time.
0375703861|5.0|Zadie Smith's eloquent prose and rich language makes this one of the best novels since Sherman Alexie's Reservation Blues. Rock on.
6305546789|5.0|This movie wrox. It's about this little kid (6) who stabs his sister to death on Halloween night. He is then sent to a mental institution where he has sat there staring at walls and never talking for 15 years. But the night before Halloween 1978 he excapes for a day of stalking a babysitter(Jamie Lee Curtis). She sees him staring at her, she doesn't understand why. Little does she know what will happen on that cold, windy Halloween night. Will Dr. Sam Loomis(Donald Pleasance) trace down Micheal and take him back to the mental institution? Will Laurie Strode have enough wits to challenge micheal to a challenging, deadly game of hide and seek with knives, needles, and coat hangers?  You'll have to watch!<br /> The DVD is great too! Also, Halloween 2 shows the rest of Laurie's night and continues from Halloween!
0767903862|4.0|This is really a love letter to Australia.  Bryson is good company, and he's not afraid to share his opinions about just about everything.  One thing I really liked is how often Bryson chooses to walk places, even if this may take him all day and half the night.  How better to really get to know a place?<br />A couple of VERY minor complaints:  The appendix on the Olympics adds little.  Also, Bryson is occasionally a little crude, which doesn't bother me, but some may be put off by it.
6302293553|5.0|This movie is SO funny! It is truly a masterpiece of timeless comedy. I own this movie (I got it from Amazon.com) and I watch it, like, every nite! This isn't your average 'funny'! It's like, pee in your pants 'funny'! If you haven't seen this movie yet, you like, have to! I dare you not to laugh during this movie! Good luck!
B00003CXS4|5.0|This movie is a definitely interesting ride about a number of seemingly non related groups of people that, of course, come togther at the end in comedic fashion.<br />The casting is very well done, while some may find the accents a little bit hard to decipher at first.  Only once or twice did I turn to my wife and ask, &quot;What did he say?!&quot;, although I think that is part of the joke at certain times.<br />One note, this movie is definitely done by and done for the MTV generation -- very quick shots in rapid fire format, intensely quick short cuts to what can only be described as 'imagery', and occasionally nauseating camera angles.<br />One of the funniest and most enjoyable films I've seen in months.  This is one movie where the amount of hype (some, but not outrageous) and the quality of the movie actually aligned.
B00005KB9W|5.0|The definitive Bob Marley live document, re-mastered with care by Island Records.  Very nice, bright sound (my old vinyl LP is a bit muddy in comparison).  You can even hear the harmony singers' hand claps in the background!  <br />Recorded at the height of his popularity in London, this album gives an overview of Marley's first 3 international LPs with some truly smokin' versions of &quot;Trenchtown Rock,&quot; &quot;Burnin' and Lootin'&quot; and &quot;I Shot the Sheriff.&quot;  The high point for me is the rendition here of &quot;No Woman No Cry,&quot; way more soulful than the studio version.<br />Bonus track on this CD is &quot;Kinky Reggae&quot; which, if I recall correctly, was the flip side of the &quot;No Woman No Cry&quot; single in the U. S. <br />One of the greatest reggae albums, and one of the handful of truly essential live documents.  It captures a time, catches a fire.  Highly recommended.
6300213668|4.0|I found this film to not be very much like the stage show. It's still pretty good though. John Travolta and Olivia Newton John are both funny and charming. I don't have a lot to say about it, the other reviewers have said most of what there is to say
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge is such a delight for the eyes and ears.  There is so much going on at once, you'll need to see the movie at least two or three times to catch it all.  I didn't want it to end and when it did, I wanted to immediately see it again (but I was with friends and couldn't). The acting was superb, the dancing was spectacular, the music was terrific; Even though the love story line was predictable, I loved it! It was beautifully done, like a modern Italian opera - romantic, tragic and very emotional.  Go see it and judge for yourself.
B000001FDK|5.0|This is my favorite Grease recording. It's got all the best songs, all done really well. Other CDs lack this song or that song, but this has all the good ones. Those Magic Changes on this CD is by far the best version ever. Whether you like the movie or the live show, you'd like this recording.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge is such a delight for the eyes and ears.  There is so much going on at once, you'll need to see the movie at least two or three times to catch it all.  I didn't want it to end and when it did, I wanted to immediately see it again (but I was with friends and couldn't). The acting was superb, the dancing was spectacular, the music was terrific; Even though the love story line was predictable, I loved it! It was beautifully done, like a modern Italian opera - romantic, tragic and very emotional.  Go see it and judge for yourself.
0783240503|4.0|This is a pretty good version of one of the funniest musicals I've ever seen. Let's start with the bad: Some of the vocals on this video could have been better. Maria Freedman and Richard Attenborough were not good choices in my opinion. My biggest gripe is that they didn't include the megamix on this video. Now for the good: Robert Torti as Pharoh is really funny. He does an excelent job. Donny does a decent job as Joseph he's not my first pick, but he's not bad at all. The brother's are all really funny (especially during Those Canon Days) If you like Joseph or have kids that you want to get interested in musicals you should get this video.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead is my hero, thom yorke couldn't be any cooler unless he gave me all his money.  This band is great and if you dont' like one of their cd's try another, they all have a different vibe to them and they are all great sounding to me.  Hooray for Radiohead
0590259385|4.0|I read this to my youngest son, Mizak, and he loved it. The illustrations compliment the verse extremely well and Miz fell in love with the character: Lloyd the Llama - he actually told me he wanted to be a llama someday. I'm now intruiged to get a copy of this on tape, after reading the previous review, to listen to it being read with a mambo beat. I thank you and Mizak thanks you. We'd definitely recommend this to every &quot;llama&quot; we know.
B000002UKS|5.0|There is a lot of great rock on this cd, the harder stuff mixed with some light songs.  Some songs border on the emo structure, but it's all rock from start to finish.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I feel lucky to own this CD. India Arie is inspired. Her voice, her message, her truth -- it's obvious that God is shining through this woman.
B00005B4GU|5.0|an it is, a further departure from the guitar rock that started with Pablo HOney and slipped a little from each cd unitl you have this beat driven, synthesizer produced cd.  It's good and a fine follow up to Kid A but it's not as good as the first Techno electronica cd done by radiohead.
6305426651|5.0|I have never reviewed a movie, and may never again, but I felt like I wouldn't be doing this movie justice if I did not sing its praises. I seldom watch foreign films, because I usually find myself missing too much of the dialogue or the action to fully appreicate the picture, but I guarantee that these are perfectly complimentary in Life is Beautiful and even getting the full benefit of only one aspect of the picture makes it a fabulous experience. Begnigni puts on a stunning performance, his son is played very well, his wife is beautiful and is a wonderful actress as well. At the same time, the bit players, the music, and the scenery make this a beautiful movie to watch and listen to. Aside from that the plot of the movie, the action, and the satire, all make this an excellent triumphant-tradgedy. I really can not say enough about this film, I thought it was fabulous and can not think of any reason ANY other viewer would not appreciate it as well.
B000001IPL|3.0|Too much of the straight three cord, traditional punk beat average punk lyrics on this cd for me.  I'm a big fan of the loud rock, emo, and some hardcore and that but, punk is a quite drab background and these guys do nothing to make it any better.
B00003CX5P|2.0|It's been said before but I'll say it again.  If Lucas had spent nearly as much time on story and character development as he did on computer generated whimsy, this may have been more up to par with the &quot;original&quot; trilogy.  Hence, when I was working at my video store and they gave us the exciting news that &quot;Episode I&quot; was finally to make it's long-awaited arrival to DVD, my response was an overwhelming &quot;So?&quot;<br />Extra-features, commentaries, making-of's, all that jazz doesn't make up for the fact that this movie is a sure sign that somewhere between Jedi and Phantom, Lucas got a little too caught up in the business of keeping track of his royalties than keeping track of his imagination.  <br />Sure, standing alone, it's a decent picture (I still say Galaxy Quest was that year's best sci-fi release), but when held up next to it's three big brothers...well it's kinda like holding a Pokemon Pikachu wristwatch won from a crane game next to Big Ben.
B000001FY7|5.0|All the songs are good and simple and cheery, they are very catchty and very skafull
B00003CXN4|5.0|Amazing acting, writing, and directing.  Three gritty and true to life plots, depicting the different levels of society and how drugs destroy everyone; no matter where they come from, what color their skin is, or where they are educated.  Both Benicio Del Toro and Catherine Zeta-Jones give the performances of their carriers.  Don't pass this one up.  For some reason you can watch it over and over and it never gets old.  #1 movie of 2000.
B00003CXQX|4.0|What a difference a DVD makes!  As much as I enjoyed watching The Emperor's New Groove on VHS, it is much more fun on DVD.  I really got a kick out of some of the extras the disc provided, notably the game that involved changing Emperor Kuzco back into human form.  Another interesting element was the deleted scene from the film.  Fortunately Disney opted to do this, since the destruction of Pacha's village had a rather dark edge to it.   As for the critical reviews, I would like to clarify that my local newspaper's critic David Elliott did like the film, giving it three out of four stars vice the two I mentioned in my pervious review.  Although Groove is not in the same realm as Beauty and the Beast or The Little Mermaid, it can still be enjoyed.
0802130208|5.0|Confederacy of Dunces is satire on a highly sophisticated level.  Yes it's hilarious at times, mainly due to the contrast between the twisted genius of Ignatius Reilly, a character incredibly well developed, and the rest of the less developed ones in the book.  It's possible to look behind the satire to see some important serious messages also.<br />  The new biography, Ignatius Rising, gives some insight into Ken Toole's mind and where he got all the stuff for the book.  Though the main inspiration for Ignatius seems to be a Medievalist professor Toole knew, a lot more autobiography seeps into the character than perhaps his creator was conscious of.  Ignatius's main motivation--to expose the flaws of the 20th century--is too well developed not to have come directly from Ken Toole's worldview, even if cloaked in Fortuna and Boethius references.  By the way I happen to agree in general with Ignatius's critique of the 20th century.<br />  His war of wits with Myrna makes for some interesting political thoughts of the time....and politics really haven't changed at all since then.  The book is not flawless, in particular the 2nd half seems to be somewhat redundant after the 1st half.  The characters aside from Ignatius are relatively undeveloped.  Was Gottlieb at Simon and Schuster justified in eventually rejecting the book?  But this brilliant creation was the product of a brilliant creator.  I hope the eventual movie does the book justice.
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD is killer! Maynard makes the brain's wheels turn with his deep and dark lyrics. He is the best song writer to emerge from the music scene in decades! If you like traditional heavy tunes, with unconventional sounds, you will find Tool's Lateralus to be one of the most advanced CD's on the market today! A definite must for any music fan.
0345350499|5.0|This book is not only a wonderful story, full of imaginative and descriptive detailing, but it contains a plethora of historical and *factual* information. It also is the first Arthurian tale of this magnitude to be told from the women's perspective, giving new insight to these world-famous characters and describing the spritual power of the women behind King Arthur's rule, versus what we usually here about the physical battles and such. Additionally, it deals with the spritual battle between the Pagan religions of the time and the ever growing Christian religion. I give this book 5 stars for creativity, imagination, information, and storyline.
B000007MVM|2.0|Some people must be blinded by the hype.  I loved &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; but this CD should be played to middle school students to scare them off of drugs.  Play &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and say &quot;This is Pink Floyd&quot;, then play this and say, &quot;this is Pink Floyd on Drugs.&quot;  The kids will never take a baby aspirin again.  Six of the songs are listenable (tracks 1 through 4 and 7 and 8). The rest sound like a cat caught in a washing machine.  Terrapin, Octopus and Golden Hair are good enough tunes to warrant the second star, but your life will be just fine if you never hear any of this album.  Go buy Moby Grape or Love if you're desperate for psychadelia.
B000000WA4|5.0|If you're looking for the best of the Mid 1990's sound, grab this album.  This is the Pumpkins at their best, their weightiest, and their most diverse.  Yes it is big, but the songs themselves are strong and many are hidden gems that never really received much airplay.
B0000032LS|5.0|I mean goodness sakes, it's ROCKY! IT'S ROCKY! If you haven't seen the movie then don't call yourself an American...it has such classic aspects and I just love it! I would also suggest the new BROADWAY CAST RECORDING OF ROCKY HORROR! It's tons of fun! It gives this recording a run for its money!
1559408898|5.0|Criterion has stopped making this title. If you have any interest in getting it (and you should, it's a quality disc), I'd get it now before the auction fiends are demanding $200 bucks for a used copy.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I bought this CD for the song &quot;Thank You.&quot;  Little did I know this entire CD would be wonderful listening.  Dido has an incredible voice, she can sing all venues and has truly shown her talent in every song. D. Armstrong, writer, has an wonderful talent for telling a story in his songs. I look forward to more Armstrong and Dido.
B000059ZLH|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST MUSIC VIDEO I HAVE EVER SEEN. This is better than any concert I have ever seen. I have no idea what the songs are called or how they go. I just know that the musicianship is awesome. Everyone is so tight. Don't hesitate!!!!!
B00004XMS0|3.0|I won't mince words.  Batman a.k.a. the Caped Crusader, Dark Knight, etc. is the greatest superhero ever fathomed up.  I, being a huge Batman fan, was extremely satisfied by the first two Batman movies for the following reasons: Michael Keaton was an excellent choice for Batman, the villains Joker and Penguin were well casted and acted well, the movies were action packed and were exciting to watch, and they were well written.  However, Batman Forever was not half as good as the first two because they made Batman too flashy, and the villians were not scary or feared in the least. Riddler is such a great villain, and they screwed him up by casting Jim Carrey.  Now don't get me wrong, Jim Carrey is really funny, but he couldn't pull of the slick, smooth roll of Riddler.  And let's not forget Two-Face, who acted like a moron throughout the movie.  Still, Val Kilmer did a good job as Batman.  But I would have to say that Batman and Robin was the dumbest movie ever made by Hollywood.  George Clooney, being as cool as he is, was a terrible choice for Batman.  The villains, Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy, were ridiculous.  That movie was terrible....that's the bottom line.  So the people who are considering to buy this Batman pack, do yourself a favor and just buy the first two on DVD.  You will be very satisfied and will save money.
B000002HPT|4.0|Solid album. Not their baddest performance. Not off the wall like some of their stuff. GET METROPOLIS ON DVD.
B00000GJ2B|3.0|This film is awesome. Not only is it awesome because Robert De Niro is in it. But because it also stars Joe Pesci, Cathy Moriarty and is directed by Martin Scorsese.<br />I like Joe Pesci's reaction when Robert De Niro asks him questions about his wife. You could tell he's lying by just looking at him.<br />I can't guarantee to you that you'll like this film, because I found it to be a little boring too, but if you like De Niro films, this is a good one to see.
B000006XSD|4.0|Proof that no matter how drunk Alice Cooper got, he was still capable of putting out a better album than most bands at the time.  There are a few songs I frequenty skip, but there a plenty I can't live without.  &quot;It's Hot Tonight,&quot; &quot;Lace and Whiskey,&quot; &quot;You and Me,&quot; &quot;(No More) Love At Your Convenience,&quot; and &quot;I Never Wrote Those Songs&quot; are Alice items that shouldn't be missed.  The worst thing about this disc is the poor quality.  &quot;Road Rats&quot; on the box set sounds like a different song.  Every track should be given the same justice.  Especially &quot;My God,&quot; one of Alice's all time forgotten gems.<br />Not regarded as one of Alice's best, but it's so much more than an interesting find.  It's too bad the stage will never see Alice as private eye Maurice Escargot again...
6302516919|3.0|This movie's pretty good. For a horror movie. I say that because the movie doesn't have much violence, but it manages to stay thrilling. John Carpenter really did a good job on this one, eventhough some people may not like it, because it is not scary. <br />If you think about it, it is more of a thriller. I wouldn't say this is the best John Carpenter film, but it ranks up in that area.<br />Also the soundtrack. The theme music is very spooky, and the tune is just good to listen to.<br />This film is pretty good.
0767805712|4.0|Gattaca is a prophetic movie. In the not-too-distant future nothing will be left in the hands of fate. With the help of medical technology parents will be able to choose their baby's characteristics. Will it have brown eyes? Blonde hair? Will it be a girl or a boy? Those are just some of the things a couple will be able to determine. Vincent ( Hawke ) has a dream. The fact that he is brought to this world with the natural way won't stop him from making it true. &quot; There's no gene for the human spirit &quot; says the tagline and that's just what this moving film exactly prooves . Withought relying on expensive digital effects , director Niccols creates a believable future scenery in which his two lead stars display an exceptional screen chemistry ( which is natural if you only consider there was some spark in real life at the same time too ) .Another plus is the majestic soundtrack and let's not forget the great special features this Dvd includes.
0380973650|3.0|Man this book had some serious potential with the premise, but it disappointingly fell short.  It is a very confusing text to wander through and at times is ridiculously confusing and I am a pretty intelligent person. It's just that he doesn't develop the plot quick enough and you are having to wait to learn more.  I did read this book rather quickly and I must say that it is an entertaining trip and the ending is rather good, but trying to digest this thing is what takes the majority of ones' time.
B00004U8H4|5.0|Based on an equally disturbing book , American Psycho is a spectacular movie if you have the stomach for it . It tells the story of yuppie Patrick Bateman who , along with his friends , spends the biggest part of the day worrying about what they wear , eat and listen . Bateman has another side in his private live though. He is a cold-blooded murderer . He takes his victim's lives with the worst possible way. Analyzing the meaning behind Whitney Houston's music or Huey Lewis &amp; And The News's lyrics is obviously not enough to define himself. Not that he kills people  in order to achieve that . It's more like an effort from a man who has no inner-side ( as he himself confesses in front of the mirror ) to feel alive in a way . The murder scenes are absolutely abominable and can almost cause damage to a sensitive person's soul . Haron doesn't hesitate to add black humour touches to a movie as shockingly gory as this one ( Bateman washes...his gloves after that meeting with his collegue in the bathroom ) . Yet it's Bale's exceptional perfomance as the sick psycho which makes this as great and breath-taking as it is. If there was any justice in this world an Oscar golden guy ( or at least a nomination ) would have found it's owner.
0486268659|5.0|This is one of those stories that tempts a reviewer to succumb to grade inflation; it is so much better than other books that I've rated five stars, that I'm tempted to give it a higher than maximum rating.<br />Granted, there are people out there who claim that this book is too cloyingly sweet for words; it's very stylish to be cynical. So call me a sucker for a happy ending if you must, but this is unquestionably the best thing that Dickens ever wrote; not only does it have his usual marvellous characterizations, but the plot moves better than most of those in his longer works, and, being a very short piece, it doesn't have the tendency to ramble that some of his longer works fall prey to.<br />But beyond that, the story is an absolute classic, one that eveyone should have the pleasure of reading on a regular basis. What I find particularly pleasing about it is the frequently-overlooked fact that when Scrooge becomes pleasant and generous not only is it the right thing to do, and not only does it make the lives of those around him infinitely more pleasant, but it actually makes Scrooge himself much happier; it isn't WORK to be pleasant, it's FUN!<br />The movie versions generally do a fairly good job of portraying the story, but nothing can compare to the original written story itself; even better, it's available from the &quot;Dover Thrift Editions&quot; for only a dollar!<br />If you cherish your cynicism, you may want to avoid this story; but if you enjoy a good bit of delightfully playful writing that winds up with a classically upbeat ending, DO NOT miss this book.
B000059XXZ|4.0|This movie was great for its time--it was dark, stylish, and comic-book fantastical without being too hokey.<br />However, I hadn't seen this movie for a few years, and I watched it again today, and I must say, Kim Basinger's &quot;acting&quot; was VERY forced and contrived through most of the movie.  Also, some things just did not seem consistent.  Her apartment, clothing, and career all suggested she had ample money, yet her car was a small heap on four wheels, if I remember correctly.  Also, Harvey Dent was BLACK, yet as far as the comic goes, he becomes Two-Face.  Two-Face was Black?<br />Plus, we are shown an &quot;example&quot; of Vale's work on the cover of &quot;TIME,&quot; and the print reads &quot;Corto-Maltese Revolution: Pics by Vicki Vale.&quot;  Is that how photographers are credited?  Maybe that's how they were in 1989, I don't know...that sub-heading just seemed really juvenile.<br />Despite the flaws of the movie, at least it knew what to do with itself.  It had a clear plot, focused direction, and good pacing.  Overall, the acting was good (except Basinger), and the sets were wonderful, especially for the time the movie was released.  Keaton's and Nicholson's performances were excellent, and throughout the entire movie, I reminisced on what it was like to be a kid seeing this movie in the theatre for the first time.<br />If anything, this movie is enjoyable for its nostalgic value.  I'd give it a 4 1/2 stars if I could.
B00003CXN3|2.0|I watched this movie because of all the hype it got when it was in theaters.  It ought to be called something like, &quot;a day in the life of the drug trade.&quot;  There are a lot of characters, none of whom is really developed.  The cast is apparently working as an ensemble, with no main plot and no main character; just a bunch of minor intersecting story lines. Partly as a result, no character and no plot was interesting or engaging.  Also, the camerawork which showed scenes in D.C. under a blue filter and scenes in mexico under a yellow filter (so signify heat?) which i assume was supposed to be artsy, was mostly just irritating.
0553260111|5.0|This is the book that started my obsession with the writing of Robert Ludlum and later Tom Clancy. The characters and storyline kept me riveted from the first page to the last. I have re-read this book (and the 2 sequels ) more times than I care to admit, yet each reading is as enthralling as the first.
B000002MY3|5.0|While her subsequent CD was quite good, this one stands out as the best and most creative in my view.  I listen to this CD while working out, driving down the autobahn (my favorite place to listen), or relaxing at home.  It's among those I simply never get tired of.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|As a fan of Offspring releases such as Ignition, Smash, and their self-titled work, I can say that I enjoy Americana very much. I think it is a good CD, becaue it has variety like Ixnay on the Hombre. I think you can stay addicted to this longer than Conspiracy of One. This album has some pop tracks on it, but despite that it is still harder than Conspiracy. The pop tracks are still really pretty good, and there are some great songs that stay true to the Offsprings old style like Have You Ever, The Kids Aren't Alright, and The End of the Line. This is a good CD and its worth picking up!
B000050IMG|5.0|If you don't laught at least 100 times while watching this movie, then you need to see a doctor.  I thought I was going to have a heart attack.<br />Spoofs of Scream, Matrix and many other horrors are included in the movies main theme, which is really an insane remake of Scream.  You need to have a sort of sick sense of humor, like me, to really enjoy it.  A lot of people getting hit by cars, stabbed multiple times, and so on.<br />Only the Wayne brothers could make vicious murder hillarious.<br />If you haven't seen this movie yet, you have never really laughed before in your life.<br />The movie actually manages to become a good mystery.  I don't think anyone will guess who the killer is until the end.  While the movie is funny, dumb, insane, and crazy, the Wayne's actually managed to pull off keeping the killer a secret.  I CANNOT WAIT to see the sequel!
047158651X|3.0|V&amp;V does a great job on details, however, it sadly misses the big picture. The meta and intuitive material is indeed there, but so buried as to be nearly useless. The reader has difficulty  reconstructing a coherent whole.<br />To profit from V&amp;V, you need either an unusually good prof, or a companion book such as Lehninger, Mathews, or Stryer.  Read a chapter from the simpler text, then fill in the finer points with V&amp;V. This learning model has worked very well for me.
0671024256|4.0|A very good book.<br />As most have already said, it's a combination of autobiography _and_ book on writing. I really enjoyed the autobiography, it's compact, fast paced and tremendously entertaining. King remembers a few moments of his life in several small 'snapshots', as he puts it, which make for great reading and great insight into King, the writer.<br />The book on writing is not quite as good. Most of what King has to say is common sense. It's always interesting, though, to hear his voice, and he writes it in a way that encourages the reader, whether or not he or she intends to ever write, to actually sit down and do it. You get to know, also, in the end, what happened to King right before, during, and after his terrible accident a few months back. <br />Fans will definitely read (and appreciate) this book no matter what any reviewer says, but non-fans and even King's detractors, I believe, would like _On Writing_.
B00003CXP1|4.0|The devastating, downward spiral of four individuals addicted to drugs is examined in lurid detail in \\"Requiem for a Dream,\\" directed by Darren Aronofsky, who paints a vivid picture of the physical and psychological damage that can be incurred by unrestrained chemical abuse.  And it's not a pretty picture.  Harry Goldfarb (Jared Leto) and Marion Silver (Jennifer Connelly) are young and in love, but they have a problem; their recreational drug use has long since passed the point of \\"recreation,\\" and the sad part is, they don't seem to realize it, or if they do, they're into big time denial.  Harry's friend, Tyrone (Marlon Wayans), is in the same situation, and together they spend most of their time and resources trying to score their next fix.  Even the fact that Harry has to repeatedly hock his own mother's television set for drug money doesn't clue them in to how deep their addiction runs; which is a truly sad state of affairs.<br /> Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn) is a widow who lives alone, and only wishes that her son, Harry, would come around to see her once in awhile, besides when he needs her beloved TV, which is her only real companion in life.  Sara doesn't realize it, but there's troubled times ahead for her, too, which begin with a telephone call informing her she's been chosen to appear on a television show, which to her is like being given the Holy Grail.  Immediately, she begins to prepare for the moment, but she is bothered by her weight-- her favorite dress doesn't fit anymore.  She's just too fat (she feels) to go on TV.  The solution she discovers, however, is easy.  Prescription diet pills, provided by a doctor recommended to her by one of her friends in her apartment building.  Diet pills, nothing more.  It seems so harmless.<br /> Director Aronofsky doesn't pull any punches with this film, and shows-- often in graphic detail-- just what drugs can do to a person.  Some of the images he presents are hard to take, and are not easily forgotten; like the effects of a needle on an arm when injected repeatedly into the same spot over a prolonged period of time, or the delusions caused by ingesting vast amounts of \\"speed.\\"  But the visuals he offers are not the only powerful images; the psychological implications are quite potent as well.  Each character at one time or another seems to comprehend, during one of their few-and-far-between lucid moments, what's happening to them.  But they either do not want to address their situation, or they can't.  Either way, it's harrowing to watch, let alone contemplate.  <br /> Ellen Burstyn was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her work here, and rightfully so; her performance as Sara, a woman who gets taken unawares and must do battle with an unexpected demon, is astounding.  It's a challenging, decidedly unglamorous role, and Burstyn certainly gave it everything she had, and it paid off.  Sara is someone with whom you can sympathize on a number of levels, while at the same time, the way she comes into her situation is so disconcerting it makes you want to keep her at arms length, because it's something you don't really want to have to think about.  Out of sight, out of mind.  It's an emotionally taxing part-- for Burstyn, of course-- but for the audience, as well.<br /> Jared Leto gives an extremely convincing, believable performance, also, but his character tends to evoke mixed feelings.  On one hand, you feel terrible for him, but on the other, you realize that-- unlike Sara-- Harry came to where he is because of his own unsound judgment and choices, which casts a rather subjective pall over his circumstances, and therefore the way you relate to him.  Still, there's no getting around the fact that it's a depressing situation (to say the least) for everyone involved.<br /> The same can be said of Connelly's character, Marion, who seems to go deeper into her situation than the others with her eyes wide open, and it's disturbing to see someone so young, vital and seemingly intelligent allowing this to happen to herself.  Connelly, who admirably of late has forsaken mainstream cinema for roles of more substance in independent films (like \\"Pollock\\" and \\"Waking the Dead\\"), turns in a memorable performance here, capturing that dark side of human nature and expressing it so well in terms of her character and the path she chooses to take.  And of all of the characters in the film, it is through Marion that you really get a sense of the degradation and loss of self-esteem that comes with the territory to which these people have staked a claim.  And it's just almost too horrendous to consider.<br /> The supporting cast includes Christopher McDonald (Tappy Tibbons), Louise Lasser (Ada), Marcia Jean Kurtz (Rae) and Peter Maloney (Dr. Pill).  A powerful anti-drug film, \\"Requiem for a Dream\\" is a stark and realistic look at a problem that affects everyone either directly or indirectly, and it's so effective because there's no attempt to candy-coat the issue.  Aronofsky tells it-- and shows it-- like it is, and like \\"Trainspotting\\" and \\"Traffic,\\" it gives you a real grasp of just how far into our lives the tentacles of this evil reaches, and how vulnerable we all really are to it.  This film may be a sobering trip, but it's definitely one worth taking.
0783226063|4.0|I now have three different versions of this film.  And I'm not talking about that lame remake.<br />Each one is missing scenes from the other two.  I wish they would just just dig up every scene ever shot and put it all into one release.
6305358567|1.0|I'm all for entertainment, but the appeal of the movie is supposed to be that it (pretty much) really happened.  The movie plot, however, bears almost no resemblence to history.  Of the several glaring inaccuracies, there a few that are so central to the movie that they ruined the movie for me.  First, Leicester (the character played by Joseph Fiennes) was never involved in a plot to kill the Queen.  Why would the movie do this? Second, no matter how hard it is in this day and age to imagine a non-sexually active person, the Queen did not have sex with Leicester and probably with no one, ever.  Besides the fact that she was never alone, it seems she was never to marry or engage in a sexual relationship considering the terrible associations she had regarding sex/marriage during her childhood (including the beheading of her mother Anne Boleyn by her father).  She did enjoy (and demand) the adoring courtly manners shown her by the young men in her court.  And she used marriage negotiations with royal suitors in many countries in order to forge alliances with these countries.  Third, the crux of the film is Elizabeth gazing at a statue of the Virgin Mary and deciding to be like her in the eyes of the world.  Elizabeth was a Protestant and while she abhored the Puritan extremism and was somewhat tolerant of Catholics who outwardly conformed to the Church of England, she unequivocably banned all statues of the Virgin Mary (a Catholic symbol).  The list of innacuracies go on and on but here are a few more:  Walsingham did not travel to Scotland to kill Mary of Guise or Mary Queen of Scots for that matter. The Duke of Anjou portrayed as an effeminate, cross-dresser was in fact the former Duke of Alencon who was not effeminate at all and who Elizabeth once considered marrying, but used his Catholic religion as a pretext for turning him down (and that he was approx. 20 years younger than her) while in reality, she just used the constant marriage negotiations with the Duke andothers (Erik of Sweden, Philip of Spain, royal suitors in Austria, etc.)for her political benefit. The scene where the Duke at first meeting Elizabeth whispers that he'd like to see her quinny is hilarious.  He would have been thrown out of England on the spot.  The real &quot;plot&quot; is interesting enough and I would have liked to see these wonderful actors act it out.
0060194995|5.0|Well Harper gives us a gripping story of Ethics and philosophical intrigue, but doesn't lose the story line and make it unentertaining.  A classic that's an easy read at any age and one you should come back to periodically in your life for a new viewpoint.
B00003CX8J|3.0|Although I'm not familiar with the X-Men comic books, I found the film to be rather entertaining.  The acting was much better than I expected, and the storyline was well defined and moved quickly.  The special effects and action sequences were particularly well done, with a few &quot;standard&quot; action movie one-liners, but with minimal cheese.  I found Halle Berry to be totally miscast as Storm, and her acting was the weakest, although she had a very small role and not much character to develop.  The ending easily allows for sequels, so I expect there will be more.
B00005IC2H|5.0|Lovely, transcendent, dreamlike, soaring, and brilliant. <br />You won't be sorry.
B00000F14B|5.0|It's early in the Twentieth Century, and there's trouble, my friends, in River City.  Iowa, that is, in this delightful adaptation of Meredith Wilson's long running Broadway musical, \\"The Music Man,\\" directed by Morton DaCosta and starring Robert Preston as the fast-talking, fleet-footed traveling salesman, Harold Hill.  \\"Professor Harold Hill,\\" as he calls himself this time around, is in the business of selling band instruments and uniforms, all with the guarantee that he will teach the youngsters of the parents who fork over the cash for his wares how to play.  There's only one problem, and it's the fact that -- as one of his fellow competitors puts it-- \\"He don't know one note from another!\\"  Alas, can it be the con is on?<br /> When he jumps train in River City to escape the wrath of an angry gathering of his peers, whom he has \\"Given a black eye\\" to in the territory, thanks to his dubious business practices, he sets about plying his trade on the good folks of middle America.  But right out of the chute, he runs into some problems:  The Mayor of River City, George Shinn (Paul Ford) wants his credentials, the lovely young local piano teacher and librarian, Marion (Shirley Jones), has her doubts about him, and he lacks an \\"angle,\\" something to convince the local citizenry of the need for a \\"boys band\\" to get them out of the trouble they're in-- even if there isn't any until he \\"creates\\" it.<br /> One of his problems is solved when he runs into Marcellus Washburn (Buddy Hackett), a former shill of his, who mentions the new billiard table that just arrived in town.  And that's all the Professor needs; because now they've got trouble, \\"With a capital `T' that rhymes with `P' and that stands for `Pool'!\\"  With that, he's up and running and he's got everything timed, right down to the \\"Last wave of the conductor's hand on the last train out of town.\\"  Yee-gods and great honk!  River City, Iowa, is about to have their very own boy's band.<br /> Robert Preston gives themost memorable performance of his career as Hill, the silver-tongued salesman who can palaver past postulated proffered predicaments quicker'n an eggheaded egret's emblematized egression.   It's just a matter of charm, style and timing, and Preston imbues Hill with `em all, and more.  He brings a mesmerizing presence to the screen in this role that is absolutely perfect; Preston IS Harold Hill, and he makes him his own in such a way that it's impossible to visualize anyone else in the role.  It certainly gave Preston a chance to demonstrate his amazing versatility, and he really made the most of it, carving out a niche for himself in cinematic history.<br /> The beautiful and talented Shirley Jones is terrific, as well, as \\"Marion the Librarian,\\" the young woman with a heart of gold who becomes a formidable opponent for Hill as he tries to charm his way past her suspicions of him.  Jones personifies everything that is pure, moral and good, without being prudish, and it makes Marion a truly endearing character.  And, like Preston, her performance is so good it's impossible to picture anyone else in the part.  She's simply magnificent.<br /> The made-to-order supporting cast includes a very young Ron Howard, unforgettable as Winthrop Paroo, Marion's little brother, Hermione Gingold (Eulalie Mackechnie Shinn), Pert Kelton (Mrs. Paroo), Monique Vermont (Amaryllis), Susan Luckey (Zaneeta), Timmy Everett (Tommy Djilas), Harry Hickox (Charlie) and Mary Wickes (Mrs. Squires).  Featuring a number of memorable songs, including \\"76 Trombones,\\" \\"Till There Was You,\\" \\"Gary, Indiana\\" and of course the catchy \\"Trouble In River City\\" number, \\"The Music Man\\" is an uplifting, totally transporting film that makes the world seem like a pretty good place after all.  This is the \\"Good Old Days\\" the way we'd like to think they really were, and it's all courtesy of the magic of the movies.
158234082X|3.0|I enjoyed this book quite a bit, but am less than completely satisfied.<br />The good advice, practical tips and candor are immediately incorporated into one's daily thoughts and the war stores give due credence to the hard work of being a chef. Unfortunately, like so many modern authors, Bourdain feels it necessary to give us a great spoonful of profanity and putressence to make the story go down. Some can be useful for literary emphesis but he lingers as much over store-room infidelities and his own drug use as he does culinary achievement. It tarnishes the work with a juvenile quality.<br />On the other hand, if the goal of this book is to prevent the casual entreprenuer from falling into restaurant ownership, or the casual cook from turning serious for fear of the military regime that awaits behind the double-flap doors, mission accomplished. His intense accounts of everything that must go through your mind as a cook in a busy restaurant are truly amazing.<br />I did learn many things from this book, most of which has been mentioned in other reviews. Aspiring chefs be warned, however, Bourdain won't leave you feeling any love for yourself or the profession.
B000003S0P|5.0|THIS IS THE SWAN SONG FOR ROBERT FRIPP!!!A MAN AT THE END OF HIS ROPE AND RATHER HANGING HIMSELF ME DECIDES TO MAKE ONE OF THE HEAVYEST BRUTAL AND THINKING MANS MUSIC ALBUMS OF ALL TIME.  IT TODAY STILL STANDS THE TEST OF TIME YOU MAY HAVE TO PLAY IT A LITTLE LOUDER BUT NO BOTHER. CRIMSON WENT THREW SO MANY LINE UPS BUT THIS WAS THERE BEST!!ONLY 3MEN AND A OBOE AND A CLARINETT HOW COULD THIS ALBUM BE SO HEAVY .JUST GIVE IT A LISTEN .ITS THINKING MANS HEAVY METAL WITH POWER THAT STILL RINGS TODAY. WELL I SAID THE END OF AN ERROR BUT HE DID COME BACK WITH KING CRIMSON 3 AND 4 AND 5 BUT THEY WERE ALL DIFFERENT BUT THIS TO ME IS THE BEST.TO PUT IT STRIPPED DOWN AND AWAY FOR ANYTHING THAT THEY DID BEFORE OR AFTER.......SO 20 YEARS BEFORE TOOL AND DREAM THEATER YOU HAVE THE GOD FATHERS OF PROGRESIVE ART ROCK METAL KING CRIMSON!!!!!!
0375703861|2.0|I wanted to give this book more than 2 stars--the writing is truly inspired--but the story itself fissled a good 100+ pages from the end. I worked hard to get through over 400 pages, and in no way felt rewarded by the end. Instead, disappointed. Too many characters of little or no sigficance bog down and are flat, and lead the reader astray. A little more editing would have made it tons more agreeable. Still, a remarkable undertaking for a first-time novelist
B00005AR3G|5.0|This is a sterling example of quality humor thinly veiled as children's cartoon. Yes, it is perfect for children; the humor is innocent and full of character-building lessons, the jokes are neither vaulted over young heads, nor is there any pandering to juvenile scatology. <br />But it is noble originality of this great creative work is that will make it a perennial classic. It combines high moral lessons and soul-stretching beauty of Jewish humor with fine Disney animation. The music is variegated, lively and SWINGS!. (Tom Jones still has it!) The jokes are a combination of anachronistic original thought and new treatments of classic gags. The characters are caricatures of archetypes you'll immediately recognize in your adult life. (Anyone who has ever worked in the food service industry will flip in the diner scene!) The movie is not slow! It starts fast then accelerates. The climax is a surprising crescendo that gets better till the very end. <br />I have watched this numerous times with my daughter and several adult friends. We all get something new with every viewing and always find it refreshingly funny. It is now one of my all-time comedy favorites along with `Raising Arizona'. I bought two copies, one to keep and one to give to a friend. To help support quality culture in this great collaborative art form, I suggest you do the same. My friends and I give it the highest possible rating.
0140131558|2.0|I was given this trilogy as a gift, and sadly I have stopped reading it after the first book.  I didn't find the main character in the first book very believable, in that he seemed to be rationally driven, but at every step he made such stupid mistakes.  <br />I also found Auster rambles on and on for pages at times on topics that are only loosely connected with the storyline.  This can often be done well, but he does it by telling rather than by showing, which I find to be one of the biggest differences between a good book and a bad one.<br />I was quite surprised at the many positive things I've heard about this book.  I suppose it just wasn't for me.
0684833395|5.0|What can I say...I was blown away by this book. I generally don't like novels and movies about war, but this book was more than that. It explores human character and is a book that makes you think. To top this off, it is hilarious. I was laughing out loud at this book, and I almost never do that. The whole book is completely absurd, yet it seems like it could probably happen some day. I strongly reccomnend reading this book. It takes commitment, but the whole novel makes up for it ten-fold.
0064407667|3.0|I think &quot;The Bad Beginning&quot; is to frightening for children under the age of fifteen or sixteen.  This book draws you into the fear and the anxiety the children feel from being helpless and left in a dreadful environment.  The book made me want to continue reading to see what was going to happen next to these three helpless orphan children.  The descriptions of the friends that Count Olaf had, the lifestyle the children were made to live in and the neglect and torture that was inflicted upon them, by Count Olaf and his friends, was to tremendous for me. Mr. Poe and Justice Strauss, the two people the children thought they could count on, let them down because of their own selfish ambitions and what was important to them at the time, instead of recognizing the children. In addition there was the possibility of a wonderful ending, after the children were deprived from the life they were accustomed to living when there parents were alive. The book didn't give the children the opportunity to be happy when the possibility arose. The man with the hooks for hands is unceasingly engraved in my memory. I wouldn't recommend this book for young children, unless you have a child you need to scare straight. The message I received was for children to count on themselves and not trust the adults. Children shouldn't have to figure out their problems on their own.  I don't think young children should be given the message that no one has time and adults are only concerned about their own work, problems, and interests. I don't feel this literature is appropriate for readers under the age of fifteen or sixteen.
B000024D4R|5.0|&quot;Animals&quot; is a staple in conceptual musical expression, both lyrically, musically and emotionally -- Roger Waters' and David Gilmour's talent combined will never be seen again in Rock history.  Productions such as &quot;Animals&quot; are not simply well composed rock albums, but anthems for the ugliness of life -- a disparity that we all must acknowledge.  Pink Floyd's music defines the paradox of reality with pure musical emotion, displayed through their atmospheric compositions, time and rhythms, and strong yet simple compositons.  This is the only band I will speak this highly of, because every time I listen to their music its like the first time all over again.
B000059ZLH|5.0|This is a great DVD as far as sound and picture quality.  It is well worth the $$.But I am disappointed that the sound is not Dolby 5.1, or DTS. This is probably not every viewers #1 feature to look for, but if you love Dream Theater, chances are you are picky about sound quality and prefer 5.1 or DTS. Don't get me wrong, it still sounds damn good....
B00005AR3G|5.0|This is a sterling example of quality humor thinly veiled as children's cartoon. Yes, it is perfect for children; the humor is innocent and full of character-building lessons, the jokes are neither vaulted over young heads, nor is there any pandering to juvenile scatology. <br />But it is noble originality of this great creative work is that will make it a perennial classic. It combines high moral lessons and soul-stretching beauty of Jewish humor with fine Disney animation. The music is variegated, lively and SWINGS!. (Tom Jones still has it!) The jokes are a combination of anachronistic original thought and new treatments of classic gags. The characters are caricatures of archetypes you'll immediately recognize in your adult life. (Anyone who has ever worked in the food service industry will flip in the diner scene!) The movie is not slow! It starts fast then accelerates. The climax is a surprising crescendo that gets better till the very end. <br />I have watched this numerous times with my daughter and several adult friends. We all get something new with every viewing and always find it refreshingly funny. It is now one of my all-time comedy favorites along with `Raising Arizona'. I bought two copies, one to keep and one to give to a friend. To help support quality culture in this great collaborative art form, I suggest you do the same. My friends and I give it the highest possible rating.
0800177177|1.0|I can't believe that the makers of this film have the nerve to title it &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula.&quot; The film ceaselessly strays from the novel and fabricates such a different story that never in my life would I call it so. The whole theme of Dracula going after Mina Murray because she looks like his fromer wife was never, ever mentioned in the novel; where the idea came from I have no clue. Small, insignificant changes I can take, a change of this magnitude I cannot. Overall, the film IS highly entertaining and has beautiful cinematography, but if you're looking to get out of a book report by watching the it, stick with cliffnotes. The only thing that the film has in common with the book is its ill-chosen title.
0064407667|3.0|I think &quot;The Bad Beginning&quot; is to frightening for children under the age of fifteen or sixteen.  This book draws you into the fear and the anxiety the children feel from being helpless and left in a dreadful environment.  The book made me want to continue reading to see what was going to happen next, to these three helpless orphan children.  The descriptions of the friends that Count Olaf had, the lifestyle the children were made to live in and the neglect and torture that was inflicted upon them, by Count Olaf and his friends, was to tremendous for me. In addition there was the possibility of a wonderful ending after the children were deprived from the life they were accustomed to, when there parents were alive, and the book didn't give the children the opportunity to be happy when the possibility arose. The man with the hooks for hands is unceasingly engraved in my memory. I wouldn't recommend this book for young children, unless you have a child you need to scare straight.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I had not bought this until after I saw them in concert. What a great CD especially &quot;Dead of Night&quot; that song sends chills.  If they are coming anywhere near you GO SEE THEM!! The show was beyond words. I am glad they have withstood the test of time and have really carved out a niche for themselves that no one else can even come close to.
6300216802|5.0|I believe that ST:TMP is a great movie. I have been watching it since I was eight, (I'm 17 now) and have loved it since. What I'm going to critique now are the fans. So it has flaws. So what? Aren't people like Gene Roddenberry allowed to make mistakes from time to time. And what is this about the fifty minutes of the inner part of the alien? I found it awe-inspiring and cannot understand fans who think the scenes are low-budget. The inner parts of the probe are awe-insipiring and show just how immense the ship is. Also, people criticize Kirk in the movie. They say he was grouchy basically. So what? The reason Kirk was grouchy was, at the time, he was basically going through a mid-life crisis. Shatner's grouchiness is good acting. As we all know, desk work is not Kirk. So after being an Admiral for so long, he NEEDS to have some adventure. LKeave the man alone. The main problem of the movie is the fans. Expecting to be DAZZLED with phaser shots and explosions and ship to ship combat, they found a movie that actually makes you think a bit more boring as hell. I'm sorry, but there is more to Star Trek than explosions, phaser fights, warp speed and enemy vessels opening fire on the Enterprise. The movie was thought-provoking and wonderful, and the low ratings are undeserved.  The movie: Five stars The fans:  One star
0723244049|5.0|I purchased these tales for my eldest, who's now 17, when she was four.  They were and continue to be great stories for her.  She reads them to children when she babysits!  Now I've purchased this book for my youngest, who's four.  She just loves hearing the stories.  She looks forward to &quot;reading time&quot; in bed just before she falls asleep as she goes from one adventure to another.  I HIGHLY recommend this book for young and old alike.
B00003CXRP|2.0|People raved about this movie and the previews for it looked awesome. Then I made the mistake of wasting good money to see it at the cinema.  I just kept waiting for this movie to take off and it never did.  Sure, the plane crash was exciting and I cried when he lost Wilson, but the whole storyline just seemed to drag on and I kept waiting for it to pick up and tie together all the loose ends.  Maybe I'm just a product of the Hollywood machine and a sucker for happy endings, but I really felt let down by this movie - I had expected so much more! <br />Don't waste your money buying this movie.  If you feel you have to see it, then head out to Blockbuster and rent it.
B00003CXE7|2.0|When I heard this film won best picture, I was shocked. Okay, maybe I wasn't. . .but I was appalled. This movie is NOT GOOD! There are some great actors in Gladiator. . .but what a waste of talent. The plot is so hackneyed and Hollywood, and call me female, but I don't find prisoners being hacked to bits entertaining. He's forced to be a Gladiator, so he decides to be the best darn gladiator there ever was. . .Yeah! Doesn't that fill your heart with a warm, rosy glow?? UH, NO!! And the emperor getting down there to fight with him. . .that was the last straw. . .even Caligula would've called that crazy. If we're cheering when people are being slaughtered, I don't see how we're any better than the ancient Romans. Sure, it's a movie, but to find it entertaining. . . .
6305165912|5.0|His dudeness no doubt had fun making this movie because i had so much fun watching it . . . after the first 2 times.  Before that, it seemed stupid and i would have probably given it only 2 or 3 stars.  The more i watched, however, made me believe that this movie is the best work yet from the Coen bros.  Definitely try it out- its a good movie to relate to.  WARNING: have an open mind and a white russian in hand!
6305226296|4.0|This was a very good performance.  The Bee Gees perform most of all of the songs that made them famous.  Some of the songs were not performed in their entirety, such as &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;. There was not much showmanship other than the Bee Gees standing on the stage and singing.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I've listened to Human Clay from the day it was released...I've yet to tire of it.  The music is great and the lyrics are moving.  It has helped guide me towards a more spiritual life and there is a song for everyone on this CD.  &quot;Inside us all&quot; is a song of inspiration to all of us.  I can really relate to the messages and feeling in this music.  Creed is the best music I've heard in a long time.  Can't wait for new ablum release in November.
B000001FYL|4.0|For those of you who read Charles Dickens, you will know that &quot;Barnaby Rudge&quot; does not follow Dickens' standard formulas. On one hand, it is a good book, but if you are expecting Dickens' standard formulas like in &quot;Great Expectations&quot; or &quot;David Copperfield&quot; you may be disappointed. While I do like this record, there were traits of his earlier work that I missed. Obviously, the band was missing on this record! This record really does not have the energy of &quot;7800,&quot; &quot;Slippery When Wet,&quot; or &quot;New Jersey.&quot; But there are things to be said for this record. It does have a good unity. That is, the songs fit together like chapters in a book. (Although I think it would have made more sense to make 'Blaze of Glory' the final track.) Also, there is an interesting combination of songs that are uplifting, and some that are sad. One thing I must point out in all fairness is that I myself am guilty sometimes of enjoying energetic songs without catching 100 % of the lyrics. Bon Jovi does not hide behind energy here. The lyrics are very out in the open, and they carry themselves. While other groups hide behind noise, effects, and obscenities, Bon Jovi DOES NOT. While this is not my favorite record of Bon Jovi's, it shows his finest merits. I can't say this rates in Bon Jovi's best (&quot;7800,&quot; &quot;Slippery When Wet,&quot; or &quot;New Jersey.&quot; But in all honesty this was a BRAVE effort on Bon Jovi's part. He was the only member of his own group left at this time, and he tried something different. If nothing else, his admirable courage at this point in his life should get you to listen to this.
B000002LQR|5.0|It is bad form to begin a review with a flame - but after reading the garbage dev1 (a Top 500 reviewer???) wrote about the peppers - I must.  First of all, what on earth is the point of this review?  Try as I may, I can't figure it out!  <br />The peppers are one of the most creative and influencial bands of our time. They are extremely talented musicians and like most true artists, their craft is in tune with the social and political tone of their time.<br />I LOVE this CD.  I rank it right up there with Nirvana's Nevermind and PJ's To bring you my love.  Clearly one of the most  important albums of the 90's.
0345340426|5.0|Obviously, the upcoming release of the new Lord of the Rings movies is prompting a lot of interest in this series, but this is not the typical trashy hollywood hype.  J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy ranks among the best works of literature ever produced.  Although it might seem like fantasy, Tolkien's work is actually deeply remnisciant of miedieval literature.  Tolkien himself spent his whole life as a respected scholar studying works such as &quot;Beowulf&quot; and &quot;Sir Gawain and the Green Knight.&quot;  These were among the very first novels every concieved and they read like a explication of the early human intellectual mind.  Although we, as a society, have progressed far beyond this early stage, the echos of the emotions that moved these people still reside strongly in us.  Tolkien's genius was to isolate these emotions and exagurate them by adjusting what is primarilly an archetypical tale for a modern audience.  The Lord of the Rings is a creative masterpiece, many of the elements of the story are brilliantly concieved by Tolkien to maintain a seamless narrative structure.  But the component of the work that gives it it's greatest power is that delicate fragment, so meticulously preserved by Tolkien, that harkens back to the eve of humankind's intellectual development.  In a sense, The Lord of the Rings, is itself, a vast scholarly paper that seeks to recreate the wonder that must have been felt by early civilizations as they sat around the hearth and recounted the tales of &quot;Beowulf&quot; and so many others.  Tolkien's fantasy is indisputably the work of genius, but, contrary to most fantasy, it also contains a strong sense of compassion and understanding for the human condition.  This is not a tale to be missed.
0800139151|3.0|As someone has already noticed, &quot;The Quick and The Dead&quot; is something of a western version of &quot;Bloodsport.&quot;  Not only is the plot taken from the realm of martial arts movies, but the director also shamelessly hijacked entire scenes from far superior westerns such as &quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; and &quot;Once Upon a Time in the West.&quot;<br />However, despite the unoriginality and thinness of the plot and its rip-offs (homages?) of classic westerns, &quot;The Quick and The Dead&quot; is a fairly entertaining movie.  It's not meant to be taken seriously, and some parts border on sheer camp. It's just a fun movie with a pretty good cast and some neat camera tricks.
B00005N5S5|5.0|I have seen this film numerous times and each time there is something more that I notice that I missed before.  It is a fantastic science fiction thriller that not only keeps you on the edge of your seat but also gives you food for thought of the possibilities of the plot line really happening.   The special effects only add more to the impact of this film as well as the superb acting abilities of those not only in major roles but also in minor roles.
0446607274|5.0|Although &quot;Angel's Flight,&quot; featuring Harry Bosch, is not Michael Connelly's most recent novel, I have just now finished it, finally completing all of the Bosch novels.  I believe it is the best of them all.  If I had one criticism, it's that Connelly seems to revel in making Bosch's life miserable; he finally gets married only to see it almost immediately fall apart.  It appears that the author is determined to ensure that Bosch remains one of the most consistently depressed and unhappy characters in contemporary fiction.  However, this doesn't take away from what is a crackerjack yarn, with a good mystery, interesting and well-written characters, and an excellent pace. I can honestly say that I went through this one faster than any previous Bosch novel and was sorry to see it end.  Connelly is a very good writer who knows how to create atmosphere and still tell a good story.  Although the Bosch we met in Connelly's &quot;Black Echo,&quot; who was haunted by the ghosts of Viet Nam and his days in the tunnels, seems to have disappeared, he is still a fascinating character and a superb protagonist.
B00003CXRM|4.0|Movie Summary:  It's the 1930's in Mississippi and Ulysses Everett McGill has just escaped from a chain gang. He still has part of the chain and it attaches him to his fellow inmates Pete and Delmar. Together this threesome is trying to recover a buried treasure before it is covered by the new lake that will be formed when the river is damned. Along the way they meet a Cyclops, sirens, and a soulless guitar player. They hitch a ride with George Nelson (don't you dare call him &quot;baby face&quot;!) and form the Soggy Bottom Boys. All the while being chased by a devil of a prison guard.<br />My Opinion:  This is an offbeat movie. Not only is the story different, but the entire feel and color of the movie is different. While some people may have problems dealing with the differentness of this film, I found it very refreshing. It was fun to watch a movie that had themes, motifs, and allusions to other classic stories. I enjoyed the story and the music very much. The Soggy Bottom Boys know how to rock! George Clooney is in great form. He always plays himself in every movie, but there is nothing wrong with that. He fits in great here. It was even fun to see the Dapper Dan Man making fun of himself.<br />DVD Quality: Widescreen anamorphic - 1.85:1 my favorite since it fills the entire screen on my portable DVD player! Making of Feature, Soggy Bottom Boys Music Video.<br />What You Should Do:  Check it out. It's different so you'll probably love it or hate it. Either way, it deserves a look.
B00003CXAA|4.0|I can't believe it. We've wait for so long to see the release, one of the greatest movies of all time, and they don't include spanish sub or dub.<br /> I'm a great fan of this production, I've seen it so many times I can't remember, I have even seen the release for the TV, with extra scenes that I hope are included here.<br /> I think these movies are extremely great, but please understand my dissapointment, I intend to see this with my family, and they don't speak english, so I thought Paramount was going to release a cool version with multiple subtitles or dubs. I can't thing of a worst waste of DVD, whose best feature is to include multiple subs and dubs. It's even worst because Paramount has the subtitles already, because they've released a spanish version in VHS.<br /> I hope they'll reconsider it, and will include spanish subtitles, they have plenty of thime.
0375703861|3.0|Sharp and funny at the beginning, White Teeth loses steam about halfway through and I found myself grinding through the last 200 pages. I blame Zadie Smith's editors; after all, it's difficult (and unnecessary) to maintain carefully calibrated satire for so long unless you're Salman Rushdie (echoes of whom appear in White Teeth). What became particularly annoying was the souped up, hyper-hip and &quot;smart&quot; rhetoric that came out of the mouths of ALL the main characters. This lack of differentiation among characters that are supposedly more complex was tiresome. I'm hoping her next book will be a tight 300 pages of fun or a sprawling drama with better fleshed-out characters.
B000056N8X|4.0|I did not watch this movie until the Director's cut on DVD. The movie was very entertaining. It is based on the series, so fans of the original movie who are hoping to finally see consistancy with the first film will probably walk away dissappointed again. But for the fans who've overcome the winning of &quot;the prize&quot; in the first movie and moved on to accept Adrian Paul as one of hundreds of Immortals still alive, this movie plays like some of the best episodes. I'de compare it to the 4 horseman episodes or even the Dark Quickening. If you're not a fan of the series.. you won't like this. It also sets up nicely, unlike all of the previous movies, to allow sequals.
B00003CXSM|4.0|Movie Summary:  Mary is into weddings. She hasn't had good luck finding anyone for herself to marry, so she has become one of the most successful wedding planners in California. All at once, Mary lands the biggest wedding of her planning career and meets the man of her dreams when he saves her shoe and her life from a run away dumpster. Mary and bride to be Fran become friends as they plan Fran and Eddy's wedding. Mary also has the best night of her life in the park with Steve the doctor who saved her life. The next day, she meets Fran's fianc&eacute; Eddy. Much to her surprise, &quot;Eddy&quot; turns out to Doctor Steve whom Mary has fallen in love with. Now she must push though planning the wedding having broken the number one rule of wedding planning - Do Not Fall In Love With The Groom!<br />My Opinion:  This is a light hearted uncomplicated romantic comedy. It never tries to be anything else. It wasn't made to be anything else. As such, it succeeds in making you laugh, and entertaining you for 104 minutes. Everyone is nice and things are fairly predictable but this is made pretty obvious by the movie trailers and descriptions.  To be disappointed because it wasn't a complicated epic like &quot;The English Patient&quot; is unfair. I enjoyed both Jennifer Lopez, Matthew McConaughey. They both were very enjoyable and likeable.<br />DVD Quality: Widescreen anamorphic - 2.35:1, DD 5.1. Many extra features including deleted scenes that show how the movie evolved.<br />What You Should Do:  See it if you like romantic comedies and are in the mood for a nice, cute movie. This would also make a good &quot;makeup&quot; movie for making your wife or girlfriend sit through a violent shootem up guy flick.<br />Related Movies To Check Out:  My Best Friends Wedding, The Runaway Bride, Pretty Woman, The Cutting Edge, Cousins
0805062971|5.0|best book ever written(by the best writer ever Chuck Palahniuk)might want to watch the movie before reading the book if you are not the brightest of fellows, so you can understand the book better.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I almost find it hard to belive that Richard Patrick, the head hauncho of Filter, was the original touring guitarist of Nine Inch Nails.  While there still are touches of NIN-styled industrial-rock, in truth this band is really very different from Trent Reznor's.  First off, Filter is much more subtle in its music, with much more varying elements than Nail's blatent, dark pounding.  While this album is still dark, occasionally very much so, Filter chooses not to make it so painfully obvious, and instead uses undertones that the music creates to set the mood.  And if you can unfold the music, you realize that the tone of the album tends to be one that is rather depressing; even the softer songs like the acoustic hit single ' Take A Picture ' and the soft closer ' Miss Blue ' have a haunting aura about them.  But another difference between this album and a Nine Inch Nails work is the type of darkness that it portrays.  While Reznor is content to continuously scream and moan about Hell, violence, God     ( or the lack there of ), and self-hatred, Patrick paints pictures of, and occasionally even sings about, lost love, emotional betrayal ( ' Captain Bligh '  talks about a lawsuit filed against Patrick by a fan of the band ), self doubt, and even environmental damage.  And to accompany this, Filter uses a wide variety of styles to augment their music that makes their vision that much more varied then Reznor's.  While they still have songs that could be called industrial rock similar to Nine Inch Nails ( the most obvious example being ' Welcome to the Fold ' ), they somehow manage to sound different, at times very much so, and the results are stunning.<br />I want to make this clear: I have absolutely no problem with NIN; in fact, I own some of their albums.  I am mearly using these comparisons to give people who don't know what to expect something to use as a gauge to see if they might be interested.  Not comparing the band, or the album to anyone else, I can say this:the album is amazing.  Patrick has an amazing ability to put his emotions into cryptic songs that are on all sides of the musical scale, all of them with incredible results.  Every song is excellent, and the album as a whole is well worth the buy for those interested.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I read the reviews and thought this would be a silly yawn. Instead, I rented it, fell in love and bought the DVD the next day. I feel like I was the only person who didn't &quot;get&quot; Fargo. It was pleasant but for me, not great cinema. This, however, is unbelievable. <br /> And the music.....
0767849493|3.0|The movie is done well, with it's brilliant screenwriter. It's the most comercial of his movies, so far. Even though it has it's wonderful parts (SB&amp;J are brilliant funny actors, Ben Affleck &amp; Matt Dillion are in it as well, but I think they just had them in it to make it more successful), it did better than it deserved. All his other movies, like CLERKS, were completely brilliant. But that is a far cry from this one. I mean I enjoyed it some but I didn't respect it. Come on the villians were angels and hockey players. BUt I still liked it. And it was pretty cool that GOD was a woman, Alanis Morsette. The  movie starts out great and then just gets stupid. WARNING: it's a joke movie, have fun and don't take it seriously. It's probabaly recommended for non-christians and people who like Chasing Amy &amp; Clerks (if you haven't seen those, see 'em.)
B000009ED0|5.0|I just got this CD and I alread know it is definitely a good buy for only (price)! I haven't listened to all the songs yet,but all of the ones I have listened to are good. If you like Rap-Rock this is a must have
057120211X|5.0|book is good...makes me think about bacon.
B00005AAFT|5.0|This album from Rammstein is the best against the older ones. And it's in a good DIGIPAK, and also included a cool poster (size about 40x40 CM) and the tracks are unbeliavable! COOL!! Who likes the hard tracks, will like this!
B000006JPJ|5.0|...Sorry about by first review, I had to rewrite it. This is an amazing album, nearly perfect, and I can't believe I didn't see it before. This is not (at least for me it wasn't) an album that blows you away from the first listen. When I got \\"Powerslave\\", \\"Number of the Beast\\", and \\"Somewhere in Time\\", they floored me from the first time out, and the fact that this one didn't do that led me to believe it wasn't as good. Well, I was wrong. This is an album you have to work with. Its greatness may not be so evident at first, but in time you see it. \\"Brave New World\\" is a little like that, too. This is a slower, and more melodic album than previous releases, but that doesn't mean it isn't heavy, and it certainly doesn't mean it isn't good. This album is just perfect. You've got heavier songs, like \\"Moonchild\\" and \\"The Clairvoyant\\", and slower songs, like \\"Infinite Dreams\\", and an epic progressive masterpiece, the title track. Definitely their most progressive work. This album has superior musicianship that just crushes all, and harmonics and melodies that are beauty beyond words. This is one of the greatest albums ever made, and Maiden's second best behind \\"Brave New World\\". \\"Masterpiece\\" doesn't begin to describe its brilliance. I really hate it when people put this album down because it doesn't sound like \\"Number of the Beast\\". People like that don't deserve to be Maiden fans. Stop being so narrow-minded, and learn to broaden your tastes ... . This is a great album, with brilliant music and a great story (which I still have yet to figure out). If you have appreciation for fine music, this is one CD you can't be without.<br />\\"Seven are your burning fires, seven your desire...\\"
B00003CXFG|4.0|Vin Diesel is sooooo sexy, so why did they waste the obvious attaction between his character and the captain (Radha Mitchell)?  When Vin cuts off a lock of her hair and sniffs it in ecstacy, you can fairly feel the air vibrate!  I like the general story with the sometimes holes (like in horror stories when everyone in the audience is screaming, &quot;Don't open the door!  Run!&quot;), but a couple of the hanger-ons in the script I found annoying.  The effects and the bad guys were very good for a less than big budget film and the terrain certainly was bleak.  The best part of the story for me was wondering who they were going to knock off next---it was fairly obvious that you didn't get lightly damaged in this film, you got really dead! All in all, a repeat viewer and one I will add to my collection of horror/sci-fi movies.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|How could anyone not love this album?  Iron Maiden has certainly put out some great albums in their long career (&quot;Number of the Beast&quot;, &quot;Powerslave&quot;, &quot;Seventh Son...&quot;), but I personally feel that this, the newest release from Bruce and Co., is the best yet.  It's a return to form, and then some.  It's their heaviest, and yet their most melodic.  Most of the songs are very long, and well-crafted.  Don't believe how good it is?  Let's go through it song by song.  I won't bother to rate them individually, because they're all great.<br />1. The Wicker Man- Killer opening track, and the namesake of my Amazon pseudonym.  Fast, heavy, weird lyrics, what more could you ask for in a song?<br />2. Ghost of the Navigator- Really cool melodic intro, just before the heavy riff smacks you across the face.  Fairly long, with heavy guitar and cool lyrics.  Kinda feels like &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; part 2.<br />3.  Brave New World- Kind of a slower song, with some kind of melodic music on the verses that is either keyboard or some kind of altered guitar, it's hard to say.  I'd say this is probably the weakest track, but it's still really good.  It's nice to hear Bruce singing in a normal voice for once, not that I don't enjoy his &quot;siren wail&quot;, but some variety is nice.<br />4. Blood Brothers- Odd, soft song, with kind of an Irish feel.  Again, we have some &quot;normal&quot; vocals from Bruce, and some truly stunning melodies.  At one point, a string section comes in, and Dave and Adrian's guitar playing blends with it perfectly.  It's a wonderful thing.  This is one of my faves.<br />5. The Mercenary- The last two songs were kind of long and slow, so here is a good, fast, short song to get things going again.  Killer fast, hard, head-bangin' riffs mixed with a melodic chorus.  Awesome.<br />6. Dream of Mirrors- Another one of my favorites.  The longest song on the album, with some really cool lyrics and often wild rhythm changes.  Simply one of the best songs ever.  Kinda feels like &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot; part 2, or maybe the ultimate Queensryche song (which says a lot, considering that QR has some great songs).<br />7. The Fallen Angel- Another concise head-bangin' track, with some truly vicious riffs.  I think the reason I didn't think more of &quot;Seventh Son...&quot; was that they didn't throw in some songs like these to balance things out.<br />8. The Nomad- Another long one, with a mid-eastern feel.  There's this incredible 3-minute melodic interlude about 5 minutes into the song that just blows me away every time.  Again, the strings come in, and the result is magical.  They should have more strings in their music, something like Metallica did, it'd be way better than &quot;S&amp;M&quot;.  This vaguely feels like &quot;Powerslave&quot; part 2.<br />9. Out of the Silent Planet- Cool guitar intro that sounds a lot like bagpipes, and then there's a short melodic thing, then the heaviness kicks in.  I really love the vocals on this one.<br />10. The Thin Line Between Love and Hate- Epic, semi-melodic song with some weird, but possibly meaningful lyrics.  The chorus on this one is really great.  When this song fades out, you're kinda sad, cuz it's over.<br />Well, there you have it, 10 incredible tracks (67 minutes) of some of the best music you'll ever hear.  Not only is this Maiden's best, it is one of the best albums ever made.  Period.  Only the mighty Iced Earth can match this modern-day masterpiece.  If you're a Maiden fan, a Dream Theater fan, a music fan, whatever, buy this, you will certainly not regret it.  UP THE IRONS!!!s.  Simply one of the best songs ever.  Kinda feels like &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot; part 2, or maybe the ultimate Queensryche song (which says a lot, considering that QR has some great songs).<br />7. The Fallen Angel- Another concise head-bangin' track, with some truly vicious riffs.  I think the reason I didn't think more of &quot;Seventh Son...&quot; was that they didn't throw in some songs like these to balance things out.<br />8. The Nomad- Another long one, with a mid-eastern feel.  There's this incredible 3-minute melodic interlude about 5 minutes into the song that just blows me away every time.  Again, the strings come in, and the result is magical.  They should have more strings in their music, something like Metallica did, it'd be way better than &quot;S&amp;M&quot;.  This vaguely feels like &quot;Powerslave&quot; part 2.<br />9. Out of the Silent Planet- Cool guitar intro that sounds a lot like bagpipes, and then there's a short melodic thing, then the heaviness kicks in.  I really love the vocals on this one.<br />10. The Thin Line Between Love and Hate- Epic, semi-melodic song with some weird, but possibly meaningful lyrics.  The chorus on this one is really great.  When this song fades out, you're kinda sad, cuz it's over.<br />Well, there you have it, 10 incredible tracks (67 minutes) of some of the best music you'll ever hear.  Not only is this Maiden's best, it is one of the best albums ever made.  Period.  Only the mighty Iced Earth can match this modern-day masterpiece.  If you're a Maiden fan, a Dream Theater fan, a music fan, whatever, buy this, you will certainly not regret it.  UP THE IRONS!!!
B000001EG6|5.0|This work from Elton John is unique in his collection. The collection of songs is like no other that he has produced since. It contains classics like Your Song, Sixty Years On, Border Song &amp; Take Me To The Pilot - worth the price of the CD alone. But the magic of the Elton John album are in the more obscure selections such as The King Must Die, The Cage, I Need You to Turn To &amp; The Greatest Discovery as they give us a look into the future. You see impressions from the collection in future releases well into the 80's. In fact, seven of the songs from this Cd were featured in the fourteen song &quot;Live in Australia&quot; released nearly 20 years later indicating that Elton himself felt that these songs represented the true Elton John. Some of the lyrics are a littled dated (Bernie admits that he doesn't know what some of them mean!) and Elton's voice sounds like a teenagers, but that adds to the charm. This is a must have for any Elton fan - new or old.
B0000399WI|5.0|If it werent for Forrest Gump, this movie would have taken best picture.  The story is absolutely phenomenal, and the ending is one of the best I have ever seen.  This was the very first DVD that I bought, and I am proud of it.  BUY, RENT, OR STEAL THIS MOVIE!!!!  It is worth viewing more than once
B000058T5E|5.0|Beck just gets better and better.  Having lived and axed-out the 60s 70s 80s and 90s...this latest reincarnation must surely be as close to Nirvana as it is possible for this great musician to get.I bought this two days ago and basically had it programmed to 'repeat' since then.  Check out the awesome Roy's Toy for that trademark 'dirty' micro-tonal sound. It ble me away.  Follwed by Loose Cannon and Left Hook for gritty, take no prisoners, guitar riffs. Wow! If you like it ambient and trip-hoppish then Nadia (although too 'Taj Mahal' Indian take-away whiny for my liking), or the excellent intro Blackbird, followed seemlessly by the smooth Ibiza-blended 'Suspension'.  Absolutely gorgeous. I been hitting the JB since the early seventies, but every album justs cooks hotter and hotter.  Beck is the only cool Brittania axeman that can be remotely equalled by only one other...Mr Eric Johnson.  .... You Had It Coming is what we all wanted...and this is what we got.   ....
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I have to say, I was a bit sceptical going into this movie.  After all, Ewan McGregor, Singing? However, I was instantly impressed with this film.  It carries on with the example set by 1996's Evita.  The singing was great and all the actors had great voices.  Also, it was greatly entertaining. One moment your laughing, the next your dumbstruck from the drama.  Think of it as a &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; with music. Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor are perfect together. I have to say, this has to be the best movie of the year so far, including &quot;Shrek.&quot; :-)
B00004THAY|1.0|Both of these guys are great on their own, but together they really are lousy.  I can't name a single song on this cd, which I threw out the same day I got it, that I would ever want to be forced to sit through again.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|Although the first release was WB, the DVD and the errors contained on it are a product of MGM. Quite infact, two links into the MGM.com site revealed the disc for sale. Unfortunatley, they are somewhat confused as to who is responsible over there as well. As a film it may be lacking in some departments, but the least we can do is get the opportunity to see it in its entirety.
B00000K3CR|5.0|&quot;Big&quot; is one of those movies you want to keep in your DVD Collection -- especially if you have a family.  The story is well-told and the performances top notch.  If there is such a thing as a flawless movie, then &quot;Big&quot; is it.  I will warn you, though, that the film includes some profanity, such as the f-word, b...s..., a-hole, etc.  I am not a fuddy-duddy, but I am trying to raise my children to be fuddy-duddies!  If you show this wonderful, classic film to kids, be prepared to react to the language.  Better yet, watch it without your kids!
B000002UZ1|4.0|&quot;The Beatles 1967-1970&quot; is great precisely because it includes essential music. <br />The singing on &quot;Hey Jude&quot; is worth the price of admission: Here is a rock anthem, *the* rock anthem, in fact, until Stairway to Heaven came out, that is done almost entirely with acoustical instruments, and yet has so much power. I remember hearing the famous refrain on transistor radios on the playgrounds of my childhood. But the first part of &quot;Hey Jude&quot; is what hits me now, with the straight realization that McCartney was probably the most powerful, emotive vocalist in &quot;rock and roll&quot; from 1967 to 1970. And I'm not a McCartney fan. I just have to give the guy his due. If you want &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, which is probably the Beatles' most famous song, buying this album is your best bet.<br />&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;: John Lennon became a (the) thinker with this tune and he challenges the sixties zeitgeist with &quot;Strawberry Field's&quot; universal theme (mortality), spare lyricism and trippy sound effects.<br />&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;All You Need is Love&quot;, &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, &quot;With A Little Help from My Friends&quot;, &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;, &quot;Come Together&quot; (what does it mean, man) and &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;. You get these seven on this album, along with other great hits. These seven are the high points of the album, and of the Beatles for that era.<br />&quot;The Beatles 1967-1970&quot; should have five stars, easily, based solely on content, but this is an edition, not an album of new material. Many people want to hear the Beatles and don't want to track down all of the Beatles' albums. A multi-disk anthology *should* hit all of the high points.<br />There are tracks on the white album and one on Sgt. Peppers that are good enough to be included here, but weren't; however the best example of a left-off song is &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot;, which has to be one of McCartney's great vocal efforts. My point is that left-off tracks are clearly superior to some of what is contained on the second disk. (e.g.&quot;The Ballad of John and Yoko&quot;).<br />I am surprised that no one at Captitol has, now that 30 years have gone by, revised this collection, because what it covers is some of the most important musical territory of the era.<br />Because &quot;The Beatles&quot; are important territory, this (or the original albums) is essential to any collection of popular music.
B00004XONN|4.0|Great Album.  Totally different from the Pop trash that MTV and the mainstream pushes.  It will be on the same level as Dark Side, and Sgt. Pepper.  The vocals, bass lines, drums, electronics, all good.  Although not as pleasant sounding as OK, it's just as good.  The music is stunning and beautiful at the same time.  Listen to it a few times, you'll like it.  It's about time we hear some music with meaning and truth.
0671027573|4.0|I kept complaining that we weren't reading enough smut in book club, and the group chose this to appease me.  Totally unrealistic and over the top.  If you're looking for something to read in a couple of sessions at the pool or something to make a cross-country flight pass a little quicker--go for this.  But if you're at all prudish (which I can, admittedly, be), beware of the blushing that a few of the scenes may cause.<br />Good, fun, indulgent read.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This CD has Geurilla Radio and Sleep now in the Fire.  2 of Rages best jams ever. this is the best CD in my collection, rivaled by limp bizkit, and korn.
0613083903|5.0|Mr. Rush has that common problem in the Mr. Men universe, a need for a job. But the problem is, he rushes through things so much that he can't manage to keep them very long. For instance, while working as a waiter, he rushes away the customers plates before they've barely had two bites of their food. Of course that will never do. But fear not, as in the rest of the books in the series, there WILL be a happy ending.
0380973650|5.0|After reading this novel, you leave knowing you read a masterwork. Gaiman shows his range as a novelist in his unbelievable use of language and imagination. I found myself reading paragraphs over just so I could enjoy the passages once more. The images become so vivid through his words! It sounds pretentious to say all this, but you feel enlightened in a way afterward. I've never seen images like the ones I saw from reading this. It is awesome.
0843176180|5.0|Mr. Skinny is a skinny fellow. The problem is that he lives in Fatland. Everything there is fat but himself. How will he fit in, being the thin peg in a fat hole world? Thankfully, with the help of a portly doctor, and a suprise cameo by another of the Mr. Men tribe, there is a solution to Mr. Skinny's problem!
6305594252|5.0|Usually, I'd say Sci-Fi films only try to get us to &quot;rethink&quot; our normal views of reality [eg. Aliens, Ghosts, etc.], and that's cliche, but this movie's different. At first site, you probably thought &quot;Well, there's the old alter-dimension theme,&quot; but it's quite different. The fact that its an alien planet adds to the mystique. I also liked the concepts it presented; especially the thought of a mortal God, and the theory that religion is just another attempt of man to feel fulfillment for all his hard work. The end wasn't all that surprising, but it was a give-away to the series.<br />As for all the claims that the only good quality of the film is the SFX [special effects]...people are entitled to their opinion, but it takes someone quite dense not to see the timeless theme of it. How many other movies are out their that have both inter-planetary loop-holes and pyramids in the same plot? As can obviously be seen, this movie is quite original in the making.
0843176016|5.0|Mr. Slow is the story about a slow man. A very slow man. It takes him all day to eat a cake, as he puts it in his mouth a crumb at a time. Being slow has its problems. How will he find a job? He tries to sell lemonade but by the time he has finished making it, it is too cold. He tries to sell scarves, but by the time he is ready he is too warm. What will he do? Read the book and find out! Like many of the other books in this series, this book shows how a person can overcome a very troubling problem.
B00003CXRP|2.0|The movie is about a guy that gets stranded on a desert island: that's a new concept!! If you didn't see any of the other 200,000 movies about guys alone, or with beautiful girls, or with a group of people that turn cannibals when stranded on a desert island, then go see this.   I am trying to second guess Zemeckis here and what I think he was thinking was to let the scenery do the talking, let the spectator become the guy on the island.  I say this because things happen on the island that I either didn't see or didn't notice and that are explained in a brief monologue toward the end of the movie.  What I like the most about the movie is definitely the island.  An unbelievable place, a desolate, out of this world beauty and a prison from which there is (almost) no excape. I suppose if you have the latest progressive scan TV technology or a 40k projector and screen you can probably add this CD to your collection and file under exotic vacations.
0783225857|5.0|It goes without saying that the film itself is wonderful, but how are the contents of the DVD? This disc contains a few extras, all of which are very good. There are, of course, the requisite bios and production notes, but the running commentary and feature-length documentary are what make this worth spending the money.<br />The commentary is by director Robert Mulligan and producer Alan J. Pakula, and offers many insights into making the film. There are a couple of drawbacks to this commentary, one of which is Pakula talks very softly at times, making him difficult to understand. Another minor drawback is that when not offering great information, Pakula and Mulligan are often complimenting each other and all involved on what a great job they did on the film. This is not really a bad thing, as it's almost as if they can't believe that it came out as well as it did.<br />The documentary, &quot;Fearful Symmetry,&quot; appears to be made especially for this DVD. It of course covers some of the same ground as the commentary, since Mulligan and Pakula are both interviewed, but it is a delight to see and hear from Gregory Peck, Phillip Alford (Jem), Mary Badham (Scout), Robert Duvall, Brock Peters and others. Alford and Badham spin great tales about their experiences making the film and appear to have no regrets. You won't have any regrets making this DVD part of your collection.
0375701427|4.0|_American Pastoral_, is an thoroughly engrossing, but sad and ultimately tragic story. Philip Roth's lively style of writing never allows the novel to become depressing.<br />Seymour Levov was a three-letter man in his Newark, New Jersey high school, excelling in baseball, basketball, and football. Seymour's sobriquet was &quot;the Swede&quot; because, although he was Jewish, he was also blonde, tall and broad shouldered. He later became a very successful businessman, having taken over from his retiring father a Newark glove manufacturing plant. Seymour then met and later married a drop-dead gorgeous, Irish-Catholic girl, named Dawn, from an Elizabeth, New Jersey working-class family. Encouraged by friends, she entered several beauty pageants and was eventually crowned Miss New Jersey. Dawn later reluctantly agreed to compete (unsuccessfully, as it turned out) in the Miss America content.<br />The product of the union of this perfect couple was a brilliant and sensitive daughter they named Meredith, nicknamed &quot;Merry.&quot; Despite having a stuttering problem, Merry became a brilliant student, with many friends. In fact everything in the Levov family could be called idyllic, until Lyndon Johnson decided to escalate the War in Vietnam. To Merry, LBJ was the murderer of innocent Vietnamese women and children, as she never failed to scream at her otherwise liberal parents. Then, everything fell apart--Merry ran away and planted a bomb in the post office in their peaceful, upscale community of Old Rimrock, New Jersey. The bomb also blew up the general store, causing a prominent and beloved Old Rimrock physician to be killed. Their beautiful Merry, the light of their lives, became a wanted fugitive. <br />Through his being blackmailed, Seymour was eventually allowed to locate Merry. This previously robust girl was emaciated and living in extreme squalor among derelicts, and maybe worse, in one of the worst &quot;bombed out&quot; sections of Newark. Dawn suffers a nervous breakdown and is hospitalized. She undergoes a physical transformation as a way of reclaiming her former beauty and her sanity.<br />My only reservation about the novel is that Philip Roth, as he often does in many of his books, needs to rant and rave about the supposed ever-present animosity and suspicion between Jews and Gentiles. I found Lou Levov's, Seymour's father, inteview (i.e., interrogation) of Dawn about how Christian she planned to raise Lou Levov's future grandchild throughly distasteful. It also had very little to do with the crux of this otherwise very powerful and compelling novel.
6300216543|5.0|Serpico is another forgotten classic. It's a the true story about NYPD Officer Frank Serpico who risks everything even his life to be an honest cop. I hope Paramount releases it on DVD with all the extras.
1559408855|3.0|After reading the book of the Marquis the sade, the 120 days of Sodom, and heard about that this movie was based upon it, i try to get it anywhere.  I finally got it at ..., and as i was watching it, i couldnt help but feel dissapointed, just for the fact that the narrative its very long in terms of trying to explain the perversions, rather usuccesfully, and very little to the pervertions itselves.  I consider the movie to be mediocre, but nevertheles has its merit  just on the fact that Passolinni had the guts to did it. If you are looking for something really perverse, read the book.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby has changed the face of music with this album by mixing techno, church spirituals, and classical music. Moby can be really creative with this album and can perform great instrumentals along with mixing. My favorite tracks are Bodyrock, South Side, Natural Blues, Porcelain, Find My Baby, and My Weakness. It isn't really a dance album, it's more of an electronic soundtrack. On a 12-hour road trip I went on, I listened to this entire CD and enjoyed most of the songs as I was bored in the car. If you truly like music, do not miss the opportunity to get this album. This album is absolutely amazing from a man that produces REAL music. I recommend this album to good music listeners who have tastes in all kinds of music and for those who have nothing to listen to on a long car trip.<br />5 stars is my rating and there is no good reason why you cannot rate this album one star. (Unless you are a big fan of grunge rock music or boy band oriented pop)
B00005LMBK|4.0|Well what can I say? The first time I saw Gorillaz, was on MTV Late Night. Up at 3 A.M. watching an animated music video (&quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;) with funky cartoon characters, and a catchy refrain, I definately had a yearning to learn more about this group.<br />Going online, I expected to find them a normal band, likr Korn or whatnot, that produced a few animated videos. Instead I find an interesting look into what could be an absolute gold mine. <br />Gorillaz are animated. Not sometimes, but all the time. Their record was produced by the frontman of the group &quot;Blur&quot; and there are about 20 names credited on the back of their album. However, nowhere is there a place that puts any names credited, with a face in the group. <br />Gorillaz have yet to achieve massive radio play in the U.S., with only one radio station in my hometown occasionally playing &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;. So if you havent heard them yet, check them out. I guarantee you its worth the time!
0767830555|5.0|In my honest opinion, this is one of the greatest, though simplest, stories ever told. Some people may say we need to know more about the lead character, Travis. The truth is, you don't need to. You learn enough about him, why he's where he is. The story is brilliantly portrayed as he is one man who is sick of the dirty streets that he drives day in and day out. This, however does not necessarily delve deep into your mind, doesn't really make you think. It is, basically, your typical book turned movie. It nearly reminds one of &quot;Catcher in the Rye,&quot; with no true point, other than to show what happens to man over a short period of time. So, I guess what I'm trying to say is that this is a simple masterpiece, simply portraying, in less than two hours, I might add, one man's struggle with right and wrong and his ultimate victory.
B00003CXSP|1.0|I can't believe so many people went to see this movie.  I went opening weekend after just watching Silence of the Lambs.  Maybe that is what caused me to hate this movie so much.  This movie is flawed on so many different levels.  First of all, you can tell that the script is bad based on Jodie Foster's decision to turn it down.  That leads to another problem of Julianne Moore playing the role of Gillian Anderson playing the role of Agent Starling.  They try waaaaaaaaaaaay to hard with Gary Oldman, who has his first ever awful role here, in my opinion.  The movie also takes place in Italy revolving around an inspector there.  Then they throw in some pigs or something which they borrowed from Snatch, not even being original here.  Some man eating pigs.  O.k., if that's not bad enough, Lecter actually touches Starling's hair as he's going around on a merry-go-round thing.  Corny, Campy, and just plain BRUTAL.  Next time, and there is a next time since they are re-making the prequel, they should make a real attempt at re-creating what made Silence of the Lambs so good, which is getting in your mind.  Any movie can show you guts if the MPAA allows it; it takes a special movie to get inside your mind the way silence of the lambs did.  All I wanted to do during this movie was fall asleep.  I wished it would end.  It finally did.  If you want to see a bad movie that Anthony Hopkins cashes his paycheck in and does nothing else (see all his other recent movies first, they're better, even Instinct).  This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life.
0399146253|3.0|On the bright side, this book is better than its predecessor (Black Notice). But, as anyone who managed to suffer all the way through &quot;Black Notice&quot; knows, that ain't saying much. Yes, loose ends are tied up in this latest installment -- though the fact that aforesaid loose ends are all tied up together into a neat little ball of everyone's-in-cahoots-together-against-Kay seems like an easy way out.  Also, a potential positive is Kay's apparent move to NYC.  HOWEVER, Cornwell's narrative -- in other words, Kay's inner voice -- is still unbelieveably pretentious, paranoid and overblown. In earlier works, the characters came alive by their actions as the plot moved along.  Now, Kay's pendantic thoughts define the characters: &quot;My headstrong niece, who is like a daughter to me, whose career in law enforcement, blah blah blah lesbian, blah blah blah problems with authority&quot; or &quot;I am a chief forensic pathologist, a lawyer, I have seen what evil people are capable of yadda yadda horrible death of Benton Wesley&quot;. It gets tiresome, to put it mildly.  Whoever edits Ms. Cornwell needs to sort out the narrative rut she's gotten herself into.  The stories themselves are still good, and there's great potential in Kay's presumed move to NYC (and perhaps a greater focus on her legal career).  But the writing style of the last 3-4 books is just off-putting.
0671042858|4.0|This was the first book by Stephen King I've read and it made me want to go straight to the bookstore and get another. It tells the story of Trisha McFarland, a 9 year old girl from New England who is hiking along the Appalachan Trail with her mother and brother. She gets separated from them and wanders through the woods getting herself lost deeper and deeper in the forest. At first, Trisha thinks she is alone but soon she discovers she is not. She senses she is being followed. Read this book to figure out what is following her and if Trisha gets rescued before her companion catches up with her.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Reptile catches the aging Clapton reminiscing about his favorite uncle Son, who helped him form all of his lifelong tastes and attitudes. The song choices are varied but thematically focused and fit together to make for an excellent collection. Clapton has sung a million blues tunes but the traditional Got you on my Mind feels especially poignant here. The beautiful opening and closing instrumentals show Clapton as a creative and still inspired guitarist. There are also a couple of good rockers such as the popular Superman Inside and Second Nature. If you were disapointed in Pilgrim, as so many fans were, try Reptile. The recording has a rich, natural sound that is in direct contrast to the synth stuff in Pilgrim.
B000002GIE|4.0|This,  ladies and gentlemen,  is where it all started officially.  This is the first studio album by the Legendary Extreme.<br />This is a  goodd album,  featuring such classic 80's rock songs as &quot;Mutha&quot;  and &quot;Play With Me,&quot;  as well as many other quality songs.<br />However,  I personally prefer the second half of Extreme's career,  &quot;3 Sides to Every Story&quot;  and &quot;Waiting for the Punchline.&quot;  They feature  a fuller,  more developed sound, &quot;Extreme&quot; still features a great raw,  yet tight and original sound.<br />I recommend this to any fan of 80's rock and metal.  And if you like this,  there are three other studio albums and a greatest hits package just waiting for you.<br />Enjoy.
B00005LLK8|5.0|While I had hopes of watching this one with my family, I'm glad I watched it alone first. First of all, the parts that might keep you from sharing it with your kids - another boy who has a homo-erotic crush on young Billy Elliot (and a later scene showing this boy as a possible transvestite in adult life), some explicit cursing and some violence, etc. Depending on your comfort level with sharing (and explaining) this to your kids, you may decide to hold off sharing this film with the rest of your family. Another point - the British accents are quite thick and hard to understand at times.  As a dance film and as a coming of age story, however, I found this one among the best I've seen. Billy Elliot (played by newcomer Jamie Bell) is totally believable as a young boy in a difficult situation, his family torn apart by his mother's death and living in bleak circumstances. Billy has no talent for being a boxer, a sport his father loves. But he does have a knack for dance, a talent he discovers when he blunders his way into a dance class. Taken under the wing of the instructor (played by the inimitable Julie Walters)he begins to blossom. The dance numbers are mostly in the Fred Astaire/Gene Kelly style and Jamie Bell brings just the right amount of passion and amateurish charm to the role. He dances like no young dancer I've ever seen, actually making awkwardness engaging (no small feat). I was moved to tears when he finally stood up to his father and improvised a wild, rebellious and angry dance which left his father speechless. Julie Walters is in top form as a teacher with heart and just the right amount of firmness to handle Billy's turbulent emotions - and his family's resistance to dance.  But don't be misled into thinking this is just a dance film. Billy's entire family takes center stage in this one and his father's pain is palpable, his grief at having lost his wife and his despair at trying to make a living as a miner in a town torn apart by a mining strike.  There are few coming-of-age films which show a young boy's life in such real detail and which highlight the anguish of a young adolescent so honestly. Don't miss your chance to see this one!There are few coming-of-age films which show a young boy's life in such real detail and which highlight the anguish of a young adolescent so honestly. Don't miss your chance to see this one!
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I'm 27 years old, and, as for most folks who are around my age, I was fortunate enough to grow up during a time of explosive movie imagination, mostly due to the minds of George Lucas and Steven Speilberg, but there were others.  For me, the works collected on this CD are a soundtrack to my childhood.  Who can listen to the Star Wars or Superman themes without smiling, without the hairs on your arms standing on end?  Who can listen to The Imperial March from &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; without humming along, BOM-BOM-BA-BOM-BA-BOM-BA-BOM?  Certainly not me.  And to realize that all of these musical masterpieces were composed and conducted by one man, John Williams, demands your admiration!
B00003CXPD|5.0|While I had hopes of watching this one with my family, I'm glad I watched it alone first. First of all, the parts that might keep you from sharing it with your kids - another boy who has a homo-erotic crush on young Billy Elliot (and a later scene showing this boy as a possible transvestite in adult life), some explicit cursing and some violence, etc. Another point - the British accents are quite thick and hard to understand at times.  As a dance film and as a coming of age story, however, I found this one among the best I've seen. Billy Elliot (played by newcomer Jamie Bell) is totally believable as a young boy in a difficult situation, his family torn apart by his mother's death and living in bleak circumstances. Billy has no talent for being a boxer, a sport his father loves. But he does have a knack for dance, a talent he discovers when he blunders his way into a dance class. Taken under the wing of the instructor (played by the inimitable Julie Walters)he begins to blossom. The dance numbers are mostly in the Fred Astaire/Gene Kelly style and Jamie Bell brings just the right amount of passion and amateurish charm to the role. He dances like no young dancer I've ever seen, actually making awkwardness engaging (no small feat). I was moved to tears when he finally stood up to his father and improvised a wild, rebellious and angry dance which left his father speechless. Julie Walters is in top form as a teacher with heart and just the right amount of firmness to handle Billy's turbulent emotions - and his family's resistance to dance.  But don't be misled into thinking this is just a dance film. Billy's entire family takes center stage in this one and his father's pain is palpable, his grief at having lost his wife and his despair at trying to make a living as a miner in a town torn apart by a mining strike.  There are few cominig-of-age films which show a young boy's life in such real detail and which highlight the anguish of a young adolescent so honestly. Don't miss your chance to see this one!Don't miss your chance to see this one!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Maybe I'm just weird but, I've always prefered tragic love to the happily ever after scenario. Moulin Rouge is weird, but I'm a weird person, so I liked it.
B000002KAT|5.0|For an album that continually tops critic's polls for rock n roll, one thing must be pointed out: &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is not a rock album, in any sense of the word. It is however, a gorgeous song cycle filled with poignant lyrics, impassioned, soulful singing and some of the most beautifully melodic jazz playing ever committed to record. Morrison forever shed the identity of &quot;simple pop star&quot; and made a truly stirring and original piece of art that, while not to everyone's taste, has stood the test of time and endures as an influential and touching work. &quot;The Way That Young Lovers Do&quot; and of course &quot;Madame George&quot; are classics in thier own right, but all of &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is stunning. Give It A Listen.
B000002B5L|5.0|The Score is easily one of my top 5 cds ever. With the exception of #9 i love every song on here. The songs all have awesome beats and lyrics from some really talented people and you have to hear it to believe it. I have have had this cd since it came out and i regularly listen to it just to hear some of my favorites again.  My favorite songs are: #2,3,6,7,10,11,12,13-I know thats alot but they are really that good. The only thing that disappoints me is that The Fugees don't look like getting back together again and the solo efforts from the group members have been quite weak compared to this (except from Lauryn). By the way Pras's CD ... and Wycleff has yet to recapture the brilliance he displayed on The Score. My advice if you don't have this CD is to buy it immediately and don't stop listening to it because the more you hear it the more you get out of it.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|And I will stand on Bono's coffee table in my Doc Martins and say that.
6303109950|5.0|This may not be the most accurate movie on Wyatt Earp and friends, but it is the most interesting and entertaining!!  Val Kilmer, Kurt Russell, Sam Elliott and Bill Paxton are just incredible! We have tried to watch &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; with Kevin Costner, but after this movie, it is really dull!<br />  My husband and I watched &quot;Tombstone&quot; AGAIN last night (for the umpteenth time!) and again we laughed a lot and replayed favorite scenes.  This movie should certainly be in your collection - you will watch it many times!  It quickly became a favorite of ours. &quot;Tombstone&quot; is also very quotable... especially Doc's lines (such as: &quot;Wyatt, I am rolling&quot;; &quot;You're a daisy if you do&quot; and &quot;You're no daisy&quot;).  <br />This is an engrossing movie with more in it than just the OK Corral (that is just a highlight!). The movie is action packed and moves quickly.  The characters are well developed and so you feel pain when they feel pain and you get excited at the end when Wyatt seeks the reckoning! I think that two of the best acted scenes are: 1) During the fight at the OK Corral, Bill Paxton as Morgan REALLY looks worried and scared and then very distressed after he kills that guy and 2) the scene when Morgan gets killed and everyones reactions to that. The supporting cast is superb.<br />In short, excellent, spectacular, well filmed, well acted, well scripted movie!
B000003S2K|5.0|I won't get too into the whole idea and making of Music For Airports, basically because I don't know all that much about it or Brian Eno. They're both kind of enigmatic to me. I am fairly sure though that this is the first conciously made ambient music. Ambient not in the way lots of other types of music today are called ambient, but in the original sense, in that it just blends in with the environment. And it was made to be played in airports, although it would work being played in any room in your house. There's nothing airport related about it, in fact, I have a hard time imagining this being played at Bradley International. I also know that Eno was influenced by Raymond Scott's Soothing Sounds For Baby, which I oddly enough bought at the same time as this one.<br />All the tracks are minimalist and like Raymond Scott's somewhat noisy baby lullabies, the songs use a lot of repetition. Just 2 minutes into the first track you can hear the piano melody start over from where the track began. And like all the tracks, there is no rythym. Beyond the piano in the track there are some soothing synthesized noises that act sometimes as reverb from the piano or independently. It's very relaxing and I've found that it's the perfect reading music. The second track is three female singers. Supposedly, Eno is directing them as we're listening, although there is something about their voices that isn't natural and there was definitely some tape effects used in this. Also, there's no melody at all in it like there is in the first track. It wanders around.<br />The third track combines the piano with the three female voices. This time the piano melody seems kind of sorrowful rather than the contemplative melody in the first track, and with a with a few too many sudden starts and stops in the music, I don't think this one lends itself to fading into the background as well. The final track sounds like it's all synthesized sounds, like trumpets run through a computer, and again this track lacks a melody. It's relaxing and beautiful. So if you want to get some music to read by or something uninvasive to play during dinnertime, or if you want to hear some of the original groundbreaking electronic music, this is *the* album to buy.
B00005BJ9W|1.0|If you are running Win2000 or WinMe and you do not have QuickTime  installed on your computer, DO NOT follow the link provided on the enhanced portion of this CD. If you do, you will be downloading an older version of QuickTime that is compatible only through Win98. The result could be severe audio breakup. Instead, go to Apple's site and download the current version of QuickTime [v.5.0.2] which is compatible with Win2000 &amp; WinMe and follow the installation instructions. Then get ready to be disappointed with the notecard-sized videos. As for the CD audio...mastered much too bright. As for the failure to use the ALBUM MASTER to cut the CD...shame on EMI/Capitol. Very amateurish. This disc is a great disappointment. P.S...Where is the ZERO in the ratings system???
0345298349|2.0|The start of this book with the triple murder where the victims faces and fingerprints have been removed made for a very interesting and unusual start.  I was grabbed instantly and pulled into the crime at Gorky Park in Moscow.  But from there, sadly to say, it was all down hill.  I lost interest the more I read.  Keeping track of all the Russian names and places was tedious, but would have been a non issue had there been a plot and story that was at least somewhat interesting.  But it wasn't, it was just plain dull.  I failed to see why this book is so highly thought of.  If this is the best murder mystery in the genre, then I guess I will be skipping this genre.
B000002UA9|4.0|In anyone else's hands, this first album, a collection of catchy love songs, would have been ear candy at best, or maudlin at worse. It is a measure of the Beatles' greatness that this was not the case with \\"Please, Please Me,\\" their first British LP. You can sense the fun they had recording this, all the way through to the last song, and that is what carries the album as much as the fine songwriting.<br />EMI erred badly though, in issuing the first 4 Beatles CDs only in mono (at original producer George Martin's insistence). Top-quality CD bootlegs issued with German LP artwork reveal that the stereo masters of these albums are in fact magnificent sounding: the vocals are crisp, as are the guitars (often George and John are put in separate channels!), the bass has real presence, and Ringo's drums have rarely sounded better.<br />The mono mix offered here is not bad, but I urge every reader to pressure EMI/Capitol to release the full stereo versions, as hearing that is like seeing the restored version of a film classic for the first time.
B000001Y42|5.0|Counterfeit, faith, and stuck are three of my all time favoirite songs, their heaviness come as a contrast to things like indigo flow on this album. Limp bizkit at this stage are not quite as good as the current version but still carry the same style, and structure
B00000253N|5.0|When this album first came out, reviewers sometimes sniped about the mistakes the under-rehearsed backup band made (a typical Dylan characteristic), but listening now, many years after the fact, it only adds to this album's charm. The instrumentation is sparse, but warm, providing just the right support for Dylan's voice, as he narrates these triptychs of lost love and lives gone wrong.<br />But Bob Dylan's \\"Blood on the Tracks\\" is more than a mere album. Back in my childhood when I first heard it, the songs captivated me with their tales of wandering protagonists searching a bleak landscape in search of meaning. It was a travelogue to a land I had never visited, not only America of the 1960's, but also even the 1860's, as in \\"Lilly, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts.\\"<br />Since then, more than 25 years have past, yet the songs have not lost their resonance. When told how much people liked the album, Dylan once snapped that he couldn't understand anyone getting so much pleasure out of that much pain. My response, if I ever got the lucky chance to meet the man, would be that the songs struck a common chord in people, this was pain many have felt in their lives and that it was somehow more comforting to know that Dylan had been there too, a fellow traveler.<br />There have been many books written about the 1960's and the aftermath, both fiction and non-fiction, but none do it better than Dylan did with this album. I only wish Columbia/Sony would re-issue it as an expanded edition, including all the out-takes compiled on \\"Biograph\\" and \\"Bootleg Series 1-3\\", as songs like \\"Up To Me\\" add even more to an already magnificent listening experience..<br />Walter von Wegen
B000000ISI|5.0|This is one of the groups finest pop-psychodelia recordings.  Incorporating sound effects like creaking doors, explosions and everything a 1960's mellotron could do, this experience is as close to an acid trip one could have (if one ever did).<br />&quot;Ride My See-Saw&quot; is a standard concert encore and &quot;Dr. Livingstone...&quot; soars from simple pop rock to fast paced rock 'n roll with enough bridges and changes to satisfy any mind.  &quot;Voices In The Sky&quot; is Justin Hayward's beautiful ballad contribution and &quot;The Actor&quot; is nothing short of plaintive, soul-searching love angst.  The harmonies are incredible.<br />There is a reason certain CD's are released on GOLD - the quality shines through!
B000002N30|5.0|i love this album,to me its thier best one even though it gets no air time or video play.....it came out in 95 and its still up to date .it will never become one of those cd's you buy and there is only one good song, and it becomes an expensive coaster.i recommend this cd for everyone.Deftones rock!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman is excellent as ever in this album.  Her music and voice carry you to &quot;Eden&quot;.  Like a breath of spring her music carries you to a secret garden where there is nothing but the scent of flowers and everything is possible.  The selections in the album are relaxing to listen to and tend to carry you away to another world where nothing can go wrong and you forget the problems of today.
B00002Z88D|5.0|It seems that with the past controversy over ... there is an &#8220;either you love them or you hate them&#8221; attitude towards Metallica. So hopefully putting that aside and evaluating this two disk set for what it&#8217;s worth will be a little harder to do because many individuals will have a pre conceived notion as to what they expect from the band, good or bad.  However if any album that Metallica has released will be able to encourage new listeners, change perceptions, and transcend the stereotype that &#8220;Metal&#8221; is a lower form of music. I believe Metallica S&M is it.  I feel the mere fact that the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra would consider playing a concert, let alone composing two songs with a &#8220;Metal&#8221; band is a direct complement to the quality of musical performers that Metallica has become. As for the music it&#8217;s self, Metallica selected their personal favorites and added a 78-piece orchestra to fill in the background. The orchestra added much more depth to the music and seemed to complement the band with the up most ease. I was afraid that that with the Symphony the music would be turned into a sort of dueling banjo&#8217;s with a clear separation between themes, however the two blended well and were almost inseparable at times. Begging the listener to wonder how they ever tolerated the music with out the Symphony.  So if you&#8217;re the hard-core Metallica fan, or you just sing along when Enter Sandman comes on the radio I believe you&#8217;ll enjoy this album.  One of the only few down sides to this album is that it is in fact a live concert, (that alone not being the down fall) but that there is no studio version to gauge against. Also only two new songs are released with the symphony, and understanding the time commitment that this effort must have taken, I still would have liked to see and entire release of the tremendous potential that this album barley touches upon.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|The actual events which led to the capture of the enigma decoder by the allies in WW2 were nothing less than heroic...Just the idea of fighting the war in a U-boat sends shivers down my spine..there was no where to run nor hide..it was nothing more than a game of cat and mouse where if you were lucky enough to hit and disable an enemy vessel, your celebrations were short lived as you were almost certain to come under depth charge attack from another. U571, although not historically correct at times, does an above average job in recreating submarine warfare, in a way where its audience can basically understand the plot. The submarine, destroyer and uniforms added authenticity to the film as did the vocabulary and choice of cast members. There was one reviewer who queried the use of a German speaking American? ..have i missed something here? The movie is no 'Das Boat', mainly due to the fact that the script is vastly different. The director wasnt trying to portrait the life of a submarine sailor...he was merely trying to shine light on one of the many crucial operations of the war. Overall i enjoyed U571, for once we see a WW2 based movie concentrate on one focul point without the added drag of love scenes...a three star effort for mine...
B000059R8Y|1.0|I've listened to this disc three times trying to find something on it that appealed to me.  Being a longtime Clapton fan, I was very disappointed to find absolutely nothing memorable.  Sadly, I  think he's finally dropped his Rock and Roll roots completely, and has landed squarely in the Adult Contemporary (easy listening) category.  It'll be my last Clapton purchase.
B000000WHX|5.0|There is not much more that can be said about this album.  The hype is true, and if you don't hear that on the first listen through, just wait.  Listen to it a few more times and it becomes obvious just how great it truly is.  I have however one regret.  It took me 8 years to find this album after its release.  Had I known what was happening in Bristol all those years ago I'd be able to have enjoyed this album even longer.  Don't hesitate.  Discover this and the rest of the Bristol music scene as soon as you can.  You'll be better for it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is so chill dude.  Good stuff to have on in the background when you're hung over.
0790731894|3.0|Executive decision , the movie about a 747 being taken over by terrorists. Starring kurt Russel , Steven Segal.   ok, how can this movie coulda been better??   this movie coulda been so much better if they didnt wipe out Steven  Segal in the begining of the movie. Im watching for the First time and i was surprised with what  had happened ,im like &quot;What?!?!?&quot;  and i didnt like the idea of it.They coulda Used  him in the entire movie and they woulda done better.  they coulda done better, it was good though , so because of that 2 and hlaf  3 stars , Kurt Russel did great regardless.   it was ok the movie itself though but Stick to Hard to Kill, and Under Seige 1 and 2 ,the movie with the Train explosion in colorado, and  others with Steven Segal.
B00000269M|5.0|I feel that this cd is a wonderful cd to own.  At first i just owned the Double Cd set HIStory.  I liked Bad and The Way You Make Me Feel.  I saw that these two songs were on the Bad cd.  However this is not the main reason why i baught this cd.  I baught this cd for track 10, smooth criminal.  Later after listening to the cd further, i leared to like Dirty Diana, and Liberian Girl.  Some of the songs are still growing on me, but all and all this cd is a keeper.  A definate must.
068818071X|5.0|My close friend gave me Rachel's Holiday to read and said it was a must.  I really enjoyed it and found it to be entertaining although serious in regards to drug/alcohol rehabilitation.  Marian writes very well and very funny.  I also read Last Chance Saloon and I thought it was hilarious.  I have never laughed so much reading a book......a real belly laugh at that!!  I have Watermelon to read next of which I am looking forward to. I have always enjoyed the Irish humour and find it very similar to the Australian humour!!!  Thanks Marian I am glad I discovered your books........you really make my day !!!!
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles' &quot;Revolver&quot; is simply The Beatles' best album. As a pop album, it is the one by which all subsequent pop albums have been, and will be compared by. In terms of composition, McCartney and Lennon( As well as George Harrison) are at their creative and melodic best, although their later albums, like &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot; show them at their peak. This is the kind of album that you leave a permanent spot for in your cd changer; it is an album that does not move from your changer, unless it is to revolve for your pleasure and awe.
B00005KHJT|1.0|Anyone who thinks this is a &quot;definitive&quot; version or a &quot;director's cut&quot; is sadly misinformed.  For the record, Carpenter filmed these 'extra' scenes for tv as the censors had cut so much material from the theatrical release that it wouldn't fill the necessary time-slot.  That's why the 'new' scenes are not widescreen.  Furthermore, and more importantly, Carpenter has said that he HATES these scenes.  Just his to his own words on the Criterion LaserDisc commentary.  That this version is marketed and hyped is pathetic.
B000031XCR|4.0|I do love Celine, and I love this album, but I just can not give it the highest rating when she follows the trend of &quot;duets&quot; with dead singers.  I realize that she means it to be a way of honoring Frank Sinatra, but for me, it just hits a very sour note.  Honor Barbra and Pavarotti while they are still alive and happy to sing with her, but don't tamper with a dead performer's work.  <br />However, my feeling for this album is basically positive.  The upbeat &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot;, the haunting &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;, and &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot; are my personal favorites of the new material.  However, it would seem silly for me to name my favorites of her older work....I'd be naming at least 2/3 of the classics!  Besides, there isn't likely to be any of those nine which are not somebody's favorites.<br />I mean this kindly, but the reviewer who said she was disappointed by most of Celine's newer material except for four of the cuts gave me a gentle chuckle.  Isn't four out of seven &quot;most&quot;, or did new math change that?  LOL
014028009X|5.0|Okay, another book that absolutely cracked me up. There is nothing better than a good belly laugh and a peek at the interior life of a person from a culture other than my own. Bridget Jones is honest, silly, smart, not particularly confident, fun, and interesting. She's worth the read if you have ever been single and not happy about it, or if you're single and smart enough to enjoy it! Definitely worth the read for anyone. Loved it.
6303921248|5.0|This miniseries is an amazingly faithful adaptation of one of my favorite novels.  It gets it right in all areas--a great screenplay adaptation, great acting, beautiful settings.  It is a perfect display of Jane Austen's wonderful characteriazations and tremendous wit.  All of the acting is wonderful, but the two leads stand out.  Colin Firth is an amazingly talented actor who is able to convey the repressed feelings of Darcy through his expressive eyes.  It is a performance that is the perfect example of acting without words.  And Jennifer Ehle is the perfect Lizzy--luminous and lively.  Their scenes together sparkle.  I also loved the scenes between Jane and Lizzy, showing genuine sisterly affection and 19th century girltalk. I can, and have, watched this movie over and over again.  Everyone I have introduced P&amp;P to, including men, has not only liked it, but now ranks it as one of their favorites.
0060392886|4.0|I enjoyed this book - what a life these guys have had - but I must say 'read it with a pinch of salt'.  I love the crue, but they're bright enough to know kids love the Sex, Drugs and Rock and Roll thing.  They have always exploited, and to some degree exaggerated this.  It's still a cracking read, wish we could turn the clock back and do it all again - I'll never forget buying Too Fast For Love on Leathur records...Shame Nikki has a dig at Kiss - without Kiss there'd be no Crue..  Anyway, buy and enjoy.  Great stuff.
0380973650|4.0|With a rambling plot that doesn't end up where you expect it to - three or four times - this book is incredibly hard to categorize. It's fantasy, it's edgy urban thriller, it's murder mystery, it's hallucenogenic magic realist literature, it's horror ... it has old gods moving among us, a walking corpse, secret agents, and small town life. Honestly, it's not quite what I expected (and I'm a long-time Gaiman fan), but I kind of liked it. He's said in his online journal about it that it's designed to repay rereading - that after reading it once, you should come back and enjoy seeing where he set things up, the motions backstage in the magic act that is this book. I don't know that I will, but it was worth reading. Try it from a library, if you don't feel like justifying $20 worth of book; it's impossible to say whether you'll like it or not until you've read it.
0060392886|5.0|Very interesting and enjoyable - not only did we hear some tales about some of the bad boys of rock and roll, but we also saw a painful human side to them.
014028009X|3.0|I picked up this book in preparation to see the movie.  I'm hoping the movie is better than the book as some other reviewers have said, because I was pretty much underwhelmed.  It's cute and amusing but never makes it out of the \\"in-flight reading material\\" class in my estimation.  Maybe I just didn't get it but maybe there's nothing to get. An okay book if you have a block of time to fill find the social mores of thirty-something singletons amusing.  I just felt like I wasted my time with this one.
0380788624|1.0|First, I must be honest. I only managed to complete 732 pages of the 900+ in this book. (I swear, each night more pages seemed to be added.) I am an avid reader, probably my biggest vice. I even made it all the way through &quot;The Bell Curve.&quot; However, this is the first book that I have ever stopped reading because it was so badly written, so badly constructed, and had such weak character definition. I kept checking my wine glass for traces of a mind-altering drug, the book was so bad. Please, please don't buy this thing. It stunk, to use the vernacular.
B0000399WI|5.0|This movie is truly a masterpiece, overshadowed by the war epic named Braveheart.  I do not remember this movie winning any Academy Awards for acting or directing and after watching this movie dozens of times I cannot understand why.<br />This movie is better then Braveheart for several reasons.  This movie deals with something every person has dealt with in their life: Hope and being taken advantage of.  Not everyone has been oppresed by the British.<br />Why Morgan freeman didnt win Best Actor is mindblowing after his performance as &quot;Red&quot;.  His scenes alone towards the end of the film are wonderful and are my favorite part of the whole film.  Another stellar performance was by Clancy Brown who has made a career out of playing total jerks, plays the meanest of the prisons guards.<br />A 5 star movie witha 5 star cast.  A movie you cannot go wrong with.
B00000420F|5.0|Lovely singing.  So expressive.  Occasionally flat. Very flexible. Astonishing ability to change the vocal character. Gorgeous renditions of Italian art songs.  I would buy it again.
6304795254|5.0|It twist and turn, twist and turns.  Just when you thought you got the whole thing all figure out, here comes another twist and another turn.  Keep me at the edge of my seat the whole time.  The ending is so surprising, it literally will change your mood in seconds.  Wow, what a performance by Sean Penn and Michael Douglas.  A suspence with Hitchcock like twist and turns.
B0000026NC|5.0|Any real Floyd fan will love this album. It was only their second live album, the previous one was on Ummagumma. Even though Roger left the band, they still managed to play some of their greatest works perfectly. They had an excellent group of backing musicians to assist them. Pulse is I agree a better live album than this one but I own and love both of them in different ways. On The Delicate Sound of Thunder you have an excellent version of On the Turning Away, The Dogs of War and One of These Days. I was at one of these shows at Nassau Coliseum. I was lucky enough to see them again at Yankee Stadium in 1994. Maybe I prefer this one because it reminds me of how in awe I was at this concert, it being the first time in 1988 that I was able to see them perform. I also like alot Is There Anybody Out There?, which is the only other live album besides Ummagumma that has Roger Waters with the band live. As said before, if you are a Pink Floyd fan then you will enjoy this one as well as their other live albums.
B000005RFQ|5.0|Gillian sings with his full vocal range, Iommi blisters, Geezer has the rest. A true 5 star metal album on all songs. Over my 20 years of listening to these guys I like this as much as master of reality, Volume 4, mob rules and sabotage.
B00005AQE8|5.0|Almost half the songs on this double CD appear on the 2Pac Greatest Hits CD and like 99% of the songs on this CD are classics. Without this CD, the sound of rap music would be very very different, but I do have to say that no one will ever reach this CD's level. The CD is perfect for parties, riding to, listening to in your room or any other circumstance and this is really Shakur at his best. If you buy 1 rap CD ever (I know this sounds hackneyed but it's the truth) make it All Eyez on Me by the legendary Tupac.
6303433766|5.0|HEAVENLY CREATURES was a classic long before \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" troligy and was much more effective. The film is about two teenage girls living in New Zealand- Pauline Rieper (Melanie Lynskey) and Juliet Hulme (Kate Winslet) who become the very best of friends. Turing their time together they write a novel, work with clay, and discover sex for the first time. Juliet's parents are getting a divorce and she must leave the country and live in South Africa for a while. Pauline pleads to her mother for her permission to go to Africa with Juliet but she says no. The two girls create more than just a story- they plot a murder to get rid of Mrs. Rieper during their last days together. This movie is simply excellent, not to be missed, and most of all: effective!
B000002BFZ|5.0|Ten was released in the early 90s and was a catchty sensation with Vs. sort of going away from grunge, Vitalogy was more rock and roll and now we have No Code.  Simply a classic album because Pearl Jam progressed punkish style, Nirvana style grunge into more classic material like the who, Led Zeppelin(post Led Zeppelin 2), and of course Neil Young.  This album catches my attention and is perfect to set my mood right now, I'm confused on what to do with my life, my friends are evolving and leave left and right because they either are turning into jerks or trying drugs and doing them more or simply just leave me! This album sets the soundtrack for that I think!
B00004TJFL|5.0|Well what can I say this movie is awsome.there are only 3 bad things 1st.Michael's mask is differint. The myers house is differint and That shadowy figure kicked the little dog.yeah.And I was mildly ammused when Jamie stopped Michael so easly and others (such as the good docter) can shoot him stab him what ever. well all in all I say this movie is great so go buy it or the boogieman will pitch fork ya.sweet dreams.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Ten was released in the early 90s and was a catchty sensation with Vs. sort of going away from grunge, Vitalogy was more rock and roll and now we have No Code.  Simply a classic album because Pearl Jam progressed punkish style, Nirvana style grunge into more classic material like the who, Led Zeppelin(post Led Zeppelin 2), and of course Neil Young.  This album catches my attention and is perfect to set my mood right now, I'm confused on what to do with my life, my friends are evolving and leave left and right because they either are turning into jerks or trying drugs and doing them more or simply just leave me! This album sets the soundtrack for that I think!
B00004THDI|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful albums I have listened too. If you are looking for soothing music to study by or to just relax, then buy this album. It is wonderful! I highly recommend this album.
B00005JK99|4.0|Over the past decade and a half, I've probably seen &quot;MPHG&quot; at least 10 times and I keep seeing new things I hadn't noticed before.  In some cases it's because I'd first seen it when I was in high school, but I've been to college since, and read a number of books about the Grail myths and history in general, so naturally I get more of the jokes each time I see it.  In other cases it's just the frame of mind I happen to be in, at this or that particular viewing.<br />The last time I saw it was when I borrowed the video from my sister, and I noticed a major plot element that I'd been missing all these years (I can tell you I was really embarrassed when I figured it out!).  Anyway, I'm sure I will see it again and again, even if I've finally got the whole thing memorized,  because its a great laugh (particularly during the scenes with the Knights who say, &quot;Nee!&quot;) when you've got a bunch of friends over to watch videos/DVDs
B00004U2NX|4.0|An English-languaged dubbed version of Herzog's NOSFERATU, which is also badly  edited, came off very silly and weak.  The complete film, in German, is a beautiful and genuinely creepy adaptation of the DRACULA story with terrific performances by Klaus Kinski and Isabelle Adjani.<br />The acting has the vivid physicality of silent movie acting - the popping eyes and pointing chins, and Kinski's famous gestures - which is, somehow, exactly appropriate for Herzog's setting and pace.  Adjani's reactions to the vampire's visit in her bathroom are enormous and beautifully theatrical - and the chemistry between them is palpable even on a grainy videotape.  Kinski is no smooth-talking, cosmopolitan Dracula.  This vampire is perpetually cold, hungry, and his carcass aches, which only makes his desire for Mrs. Harker (Adjani) the more excruciating and erotic.<br />This is a beautiful horror movie - delivering beauty, eeriness, and melancholy rather than startles and gore.
B00005JK99|4.0|Over the past decade and a half, I've probably seen &quot;MPHG&quot; at least 10 times and I keep seeing new things I hadn't noticed before.  In some cases it's because I'd first seen it when I was in high school, but I've been to college since, and read a number of books about the Grail myths and history in general, so naturally I get more of the jokes each time I see it.  In other cases it's just the frame of mind I happen to be in, at this or that particular viewing.  <br />The last time I saw it was when I borrowed the video from my sister, and I noticed a major plot element that I'd been missing all these years (I can tell you I was really embarrassed when I figured it out!).  Anyway, I'm sure I will see it again and again, even if I've finally got the whole thing memorized,  because its a great laugh (particularly during the scenes with the Knights who say, &quot;Nee!&quot;) when you've got a bunch of friends over to watch videos/DVDs
0060278234|5.0|This book was so good I couldn't put it down. If you loved Sabriel or any other Garth Nix book you will loved this.
B00005J9LZ|5.0|I won't comment on the songs themselves since the reviews of the original album should be sufficient.  Actually is (at least in my opinion) the best album from the Pet Shop Boys.<BR> For any fan, the 36-page booklet and extra CD definitely make this package worthwhile.  In addition, the quality of the original 10 songs is greatly improved over either the original CD or 1988 tape (which I have).  If you don't have Actually yet, and like the Pet Shop Boys in any way, you should definitely get this album.  If you already have the original CD, this is more a collector's item - you should only get it if you want the extra fluff (I did).
B000006TRV|5.0|And that means a lot to me. The Wall really, to me, isn't a collection of songs put together for a concept album. To me, it's one whole song. I don't listen to &quot;songs&quot; from this album. Either the whole 90 some minutes or forget it. Really, this is Roger Waters's solo album. It's so dark. Forget metal, forget Black Sabbath, forget it. This is f%^king dark. David Gilmour's riffs shine, and I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH EMOTION ROGER WATERS PUTS IN EVERY SONG! There is really good sound effects, and let's not forget the epic solo on &quot;Comfertably Numb&quot; God, that brings me to tears every time I listen to it. The first emo-rock album, in my opinion. VERY GOOD. The film is also very good visually and muisically. Very nice.
B00000634J|5.0|THE TITLE FOR THIS CD IS INDEED APPROPRIATE.  LENNON'S GENIUS IS SIMPLY AMAZING.  IF YOU ARE A LENNON FAN YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS IN YOUR COLLECTION.
B000058983|5.0|strange, but that's what you're put here for.&quot; Where do I begin? I started listening to this album in late '79. I had read the normally-R&amp;B-constipated Dave Marsh's glowing (not to say day-glo) review of it in the original version of the Rolling Stone Record Guide (1979--the &quot;red&quot; one--check it out). I figured if it was a &quot;psychedelic&quot; album, yet Mr. Marsh liked it, then it ought to be good. (I had to special order it--it took like four or five weeks to track down a copy of it.)Wow, was he/I ever right. Sometimes, now, I can't even tell if it's a good album, or if it's just my personal romance with it that makes me love it. I have to admit, at that time in my life, I was kinda glorifying 'Sixties psychedelic culture (check out Victoria Williams' &quot;Summer of Drugs.&quot;) But, of course, two decades later, well, all of that, well...you know.<br />But the album &quot;Forever Changes&quot; remains, and remains a favorite--like Top Ten. It's at turns punky, acidic, folkie, melancholic, trippy, dark and light. And as Mr. Marsh says, &quot;the string settings are among the most gorgeous in rock history.&quot; But you'll probably love it or you'll hate it. If you're adventurous with your musical tastes, I think you'll love it, though. You do have to let it do &quot;its thing&quot; to you, and hopefully, you'll capture its charm. If you like Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer,&quot; you'll know what I mean. This album still retains its magic for me after twenty plus years. I can't even say that about, say, &quot;Revolver.&quot;
630339406X|5.0|One day Josh Baskin was at the fair he wanted to go on a ride, but he was little short to go on the ride so he walked to a machine called the Zeltar Machince. The machine makes wishes so Josh made a wish to be big. Then when went to sleep the next he was as big as a grown up. His mother thinks his son ran away from home, but what really happened was Josh's best friend Billy helped him by telling him to hide out in New York City. While Josh was in New York City he gets a job for a toy company called MacMillin Toys, and tries to find the Zeltar Machine. When he does he wishes to get small and he's small again. Then the move ends as a happy ending.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Holy .... this c.d. is completely oustanding, the riffs rock, the lyrics kick...and the over-all c.d. is fabulous. Every single song on the LP will blow you away, even the bonus hidden track, \\"Eyore\\". Buy this album if you want the best metal album ever...
0790741164|5.0|Even now, ten years after it was first unleashed, Oliver Stone's 1991 epic JFK continues to provoke controversy and debate, like many great films have been known to do.  Perhaps he can be faulted to a point by raising so many conspiracy theories and for making a hero out of New Orleans D.A. Jim Garrison, who was the only one to prosecute a JFK-related case.  What Stone can't be faulted for, however, is taking on this whole thing in the first place, and with good reason.<br />The assassination of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy in Dallas on November 22, 1963 remains one of the darkest events in our nation's history.  This is made even more so because the official version of the murder propogated by the Warren Commission and apologists like Gerald Psoner stopped being believable to a lot of Americans a long time ago, well before Stone's film was ever conceived.  Stone offers what he calls a \\"counter-myth\\" to the Warren report, one that involves a cabal of individuals from the Mafia, the CIA, organized crime, and the military/industrial complex coordinating to do in a man who might very well have ended the Cold War during his term in office and might very well have stopped the disaster that befell our nation in Vietnam.<br />His theories on the \\"Who\\" are open to question, but the \\"Why\\" is far more believable and far more troubling.  As played by Kevin Costner (perhaps his greatest performance), Garrison dwells into a New Orleans connection to the Dallas tragedy and indicts local businessman Clay Shaw (Tommy Lee Jones) on conspiracy charges.  Lack of tangible evidence caused a jury to acquit Shaw of the charges, but this didn't mean that Garrison was wrong for bringing the case to trial.  And if U.S. history since November 22, 1963 has shown us anything, it is that he certainly wasn't wrong for suggesting that JFK's murder was not only a turning point, but an elaborate coup d'etat.<br />Stone crams in a great deal of material that has to be absorbed during its 205-minute running time, but he is aided by a cast that is to die for: Sissy Spacek, Joe Pesci, Ed Asner, Jack Lemmon, Kevin Bacon, Walter Matthau, Laurie Metcalfe, Donald Sutherland, Michael Rooker, Gary Oldman (as \\"alleged\\" assassin Lee Harvey Oswald), and many others.  With the Oscar-winning help of editors Joe Hutsching and Pietro Scala and cinematographer Ralph Richardson, Stone also masters the \\"montage\\" complex, editing together in great rapidity footage shot in 16-millimeter, 35-millimeter, color, and black and white.  Nobody had used the montage method with this kind of power since Sam Peckinpah did it in his 1969 classic THE WILD BUNCH.  John Williams contributes another one of his masterful music scores.<br />Even if it seems to be too ambitious and zealous for its own good at times, JFK is essential viewing for people who want to come to grips with everything that has happened to America since that dark day in Dallas.  It is gripping from end to end, a true American epic.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Holy ... this c.d. is completely oustanding, the riffs rock, the lyrics kick ... and the over-all c.d. is fabulous. Every single song on the LP will blow you away, even the bonus hidden track, \\"Eyore\\". Buy this album if you want the best metal album ever...
B00004XQ83|5.0|The music from this masterwork of the Coen Brother's imagination is eye-opening to say the least.  I find it difficult to separate the movie from the music, so in this review I review both. <br />Only the Coen Brothers, the team behind hits like The Big Lebowski and Fargo and masters of quirky and ultra-stylish genre subversion, would parody the plot line of Homer's Odyssey. The movie takes place in 1930s Mississippi. After the trio escapes from a work-farm, George Clooney, talks his chain-gang buddies John Turturro and Tim Blake Nelson into helping in search for a treasure. <br />A prophetic blind man on a railroad truck tells them the story of their lives, even though at the time, they think he is crazy. Pay close attention to this scene (it comes early in the movie) because it is the single most important scene in the movie. <br />Anyways, without giving the whole movie away, it's basically a road-movie and it lends itself nicely to the DVD format. The picture, the sound is wonderful. 5.1 is always clean and the music in this movie is fantastic. <br />Here is a list of the songs on the soundtrack  1. Po Lazarus - J. Carter &amp; Prisoners  2. Big Rock Candy Mountain - Harry McLintock  3. You Are My Sunshine - Norman Blake  4. Down In The River To Pray - Alison Krauss  5. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow - The Soggy Bottom Boys featuring Dan Tyminski  6. Hard Time Killing Floor Blues - Chris Thomas King  7. Man Of Constant Sorrow (Instrumental) - Norman Blake  8. Keep On The Sunny Side - The Whites  9. I'll Fly Away - Gillian Welch &amp; Alison Krauss  10. Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby - Gillian Welch, Alison Krauss &amp; Emmylou Harris  11. In The Highways - The Peasall Sisters  12. I Am Weary - The Cox Family  13. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow (Instrumental) - John Hartford  14. O Death - Ralph Stanley  15. In The Jailhouse Now - The Soggy Bottom Boys featuring Tim Blake Nelson  16. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow (With band) - The Soggy Bottom Boys featuring DanTyminski  17. Indian War Whoop (Instrumental) - John Hartford  18. Lonesome Valley - The Fairfield Four  19. Angel Band - The Stanley Brothers <br />Pros: The Coen Brother's version of Homer's Odyssey, funny, intelligent  Cons: Hard to follow for some <br />The Bottom Line Great DVD, Great Soundtrack, do yourself a favor, pick up both the DVD and the CD, you won't be disappointed. <br />Recommended: Yes
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side Of The Moon is one of the most famous and seminal albums in the history.  Even today, 28 years after its release, the album still sells consistently week in and week out.  The big reason for this is that the album appeals to teenagers of any era and the eternal teenager in all of us.  With its dense, sonic musical landscape complete with sound effects and vivid lyrics, the album is perfect to throw into the cd player, put on your headphones and be taken on a cosmic journey. The songs effortless merge into one another creating almost one long song. In addition to all the mysticism, the band was at the height of their musical prowess.  Roger Waters had fully grown into his musical potential.  The album's songs are more concise and fully realized and he doesn't try to cram too much into one song.  His bass playing is among the best of his career with the memorable bass line that memorable propels the top twenty single &quot;Money&quot; along.  The band takes on the mental breakdown of their former leader Syd Barrett on the closing &quot;Brain Damage/Eclipse&quot; which is a subject they would explore more deeply on Dark Side's follow-up, Wish You Were Here.
B00005B36H|4.0|Lateralus the first official release in five years from TOOL is a deep, far-reaching masterpiece of prog-rock. just when I thought no-one would ever try to scale prog-rock mountains again, TOOL arrives to save the day. Both musically and lyrically haunting and provocative. It took me several weeks of listening to it to make my opinions clear, it will not quickly light up your personal playlist. With repeated plays, the piece of music starts to wash itself out. <br />I have loved TOOL since I first saw the video for Sober from Undertow, they blur all the boundries of rock and that is what makes them special. Their fanbase is much like that of RUSH's, dedicated and very open-minded both musically and lyrically. When you first drop this CD into your player you hear The Grudge and realize that you are not in Kansas anymore, in fact, you may not be on this planet. <br />For those who write-off TOOL as Heavy Metal or Grunge, they are missing the fact that TOOL is the best of all modern rock bands and completing their albums. They seem to realize that albums are just that, complete pieces of music, not a group of singles. They can force their songs onto radio without changing their sound. <br />Best Cuts  The Whole Album <br />Here is a listing of the songs on the album <br />1. The Grudge  2. Eon Blue Apocalypse  3. The Patient  4. Mantra  5. Schism  6. Parabol  7. Parabola  8. Ticks &amp; Leeches  9. Lateralis  10. Disposition  11. Reflection  12. Triad  13. Faaip De Oiad <br />Pros: Lateralus Rocks in a way not heard in a long time.  Cons: Dark, Disturbing <br />The Bottom Line Deepest, Darkest, Dominant piece of music in years by anyone. Give it a chance, it will grow on you! <br />Recommended: Yes
B000024D4R|5.0|In 1977, the punk movement was sweeping England.  The young punk rockers derided the old war horse bands for their bombast and excess.  Pink Floyd was included among the dinosaurs and in fact Sex Pistols lead singer Johnny Rotten caught the eye of the band's manager, Malcolm McLaren, by wearing a Pink Floyd t-shirt in which he hand wrote the word &quot;sucks&quot; underneath the name.  Undeterred by such criticism, the band released Animals, a five song album that showed the band could write angry and critical songs without compromising their musical style.  Two short, acoustic-based songs, &quot;Pigs On A Wing&quot; 1 &amp; 2 open and close the album, but it is the three middle songs that make up the meat and heart of the album.  &quot;Dogs&quot; is riveting with its barking dogs and electronic buzzing while slamming money hungry people.  &quot;Sheep&quot; takes on people who blindly follow the heard.  &quot;Pigs (3 Different Ones)&quot; is a brilliant piece of music, with a hypnotic keyboard filtering through the sound offset by a buzzsaw guitar.  The lyrics are a scathing look at power hungry people.  Animals is a triumph from Pink Floyd and showed that they were as relevant as any artist of their era.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Radiohead is currently caught in the same clutches that many bands in the past have never escaped from, that is, The Biggest Band in the World trap. Like U2, REM, Pearl Jam, etc. before them, Radiohead is boxed in from their own success. Just like these other bands, no matter what they release, their fan base will eat up (for now). <br />Amnesiac is a very good album and deserves much of the attention it is receiving, but for all intensive purposes, it is not selling that well. In fact, I just read the other day that Kid A has yet to go platinum in the states, even though it debuted at number one on the billboard charts. While Amnesiac debuted at number two, even though it sold a few more copies then Kid A. My point is, Radiohead is not selling tons of records in the states anymore, much like REM. <br />The flow of Amnesiac is much better than Kid A and the album appears quite complete. They are slowly sticking some beautiful melodies into their songs again, Kid A was like HAL (from 2001) GONE TERRIBLY WRONG! <br />Outstanding Cuts  Life in a glass house  Amnesiac/Morning bell <br />Pyramid song  I might be wrong <br />If you are interested, the limited edition of Amnesiac is really cool and is like an old lost book from your local library. <br />You open the book, on the left inside cover is a catalog card (the kind you can find in the library) that has printed on it, &quot;RADIOHEAD, Amnesiac&quot;. The cool part about it is that there are fake due dates all over it, the words &quot;SPINE DAMAGED&quot; in sloppy handwriting, and the name of the college where the library this book supposedly comes from is, &quot;Catachresis College&quot;. The due dates appear as they were stamped onto the paper, the handwriting looks like someone actually wrote it... this catalog card on the inside of the cover alone makes the limited edition worth while. <br />There are 32 pages of great Amnesiac artwork by none other than Stan Donwood. Some of the lyrics from 'Like Spinning Plates' and 'Packt like Sardines' can be found in the artwork as well. Overall, definitely find this limited edition. If nothing else, you'll appreciate the faux catalog card. <br />Pros: OK Computer+ Kid A = Amnesiac  Cons: Still disorganized, much like Kid A  The Bottom Line Amnesiac is no Kid B, but its also no Bends or OK Computer offshoot. Radiohead is an important band to watch for the future.  Recommended: Yes
B00005LMBK|5.0|I've had this CD for a couple of monthes now, since March or April, and I have yet to grow sick of it. This is a great album, that is such a great mix. Every track (with the exception of Punk) is fantastic, and offers new soundscapes. If you're a Blur fan, and liked &quot;Death of the Party&quot;, you will LOVE this. Dan the Automator fans will love this as well, you can hear his breakback beats on a few of the tracks. Del makes a couple of showings, both of which being very solid (with Clint Eastwood being the better of the two), the best part of the US release in the inclusion of two extra tracks! I've heard the Dracula track before, and I love it... the other track is new to me though. I would also recommend that you try to find the single that has the song &quot;1,2D,3&quot;, which is also really good. I'm so happy to see some GOOD music making it mainstream!
B000056K04|3.0|Many are quick to judge Dave Matthews Band's latest offering, Everyday, but I believe he has turned a page. Like much of his earlier material, Everyday has texture, emotion and a rich sense of his place in the current music scene. Nobody sounds like Dave Matthews in the current musical landscape. <br />Look for a copy of &quot;The LilyWhite Sessions&quot;, that would have been DMB's newest masterpiece, Everyday falls flat.<br />When I first downloaded &quot;I Did It&quot; from napster I was surprised and somewhat disappointed, but after repeated listening (MP3 players are great for this!, not the Rio 600) the song grew on me and by the time the CD came out I loved it. <br />Standout Tracks  The Space Between is a surefire radio hit.  Mother Father is beautiful, with Carlos Santana's fantastic solo, worth the price of the CD by itself.  Dreams of Our Fathers flys like many of his earlier tracks.  Everyday is a song that fails to live up to its potential. Hopefully live, this songs lifts to greater levels. <br />Pros: Upbeat, Insightful, Textured  Cons: No Jams, Too Clean <br />The Bottom Line Give this disc a chance, if you do, you will be pleasantly surprised. <br />Recommended: Yes
0395860210|5.0|The central dillemma of &quot;American Pastoral&quot; is that the &quot;ability to penetrate the interior of people&quot; is beyond most people. Apparently this is true of people and books as well.   Since starting this wonderful, passionate, infuriating novel, I have often returned to the same page, the same paragraph rereading what serves as the thematic statement of the novel.<br />&quot;You fight your superficiality, your shallownes, so as to try and come at people without unreal expectations, without an overload of bias or hope or arrogacnce...take them on with an open mind, as equals man to man, as we used to say, and yet you never fail to get them wrong.&quot; <br />There it is, simple and straight forward.  Phillip Roth is a very giving novelist.  He states his point.  Not just once, but again and again he echos this sentiment.  And still people never fail to get this book wrong.<br />The superficiality is to take this book as the tale of the Swede's tragic undoing.  Or to take it as a recounting of Merry's misguided rebellion.  Or even of Nathan Zuckerman's obsessions.  This is a book about how the self is infinitely unknowable. How one can never truly understand oneself, much less others.  What makes this novel so brilliant, in my humble opinion, is not simply the very true message the book carries. In the hands of a lesser writer, this could come off as a platitude, a cliche, so overstated as to become meaningless.  Instead, Roth gives you a collection of dazzilingly complicated characters, beyond simple definition, only knowable through the words of themselves or others, but unknowable all the time.  <br />One reader complained of being frustrated with not knowing whether this was truly the story of the Swede, or a fiction of Zuckerman's mind.  And to that I say, that is the point.  We can't know the Swede except through the fiction we create in our own mind, our attempt at understanding that is always a little fiction, a little wrong.<br />One person accused Roth of overwriting.  no doubt, they had in mind the long passages detailing the making of gloves in dazzling overspun details.  To that I say, this is absoluetley necessary to the structure of the novel.  That these trivialities occupy so much of our time and our lives.  That superficiality and depth know no difference in the swamp of our mind or our estimation of people.  Swede, the man judged to be just a father and a business man, a normal people, a collection of surface details.  How could a responsible writer leave all of that out?<br />This book, engaging and complex, is what all great literature should be, a life in and of itself.  A character at once identifiable by it's traits, but unknowable except for what we believe in our own minds it to be.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver by Lois Lowry takes place in a &quot;perfect world.&quot; For kids of every age, something happens to them.  At age 9, they can ride a bike.  At age 10, their hair gets cut.  There is a naming ceremony for newborn children.  Every person has a role in this town.  There is a house for the old, and if they get too old or are not the kind of person that should live in this town, they are sent away.  This goes along with babies, too.  This year, someone will be selected from the 12 year olds to work with &quot;The Giver&quot; who gives him facts and images from the past.  But who will it be and what will he/she do with it, and how will he/she react?  This book is a great novel.  The story flowed easily and at the end of the story, you are left in suspense to what happens next.  The only thing that I didn't like was that the story was fiction, this kind of community would not exist ever, or maybe it would sometime in the future.  I recommend this book for anyone who likes suspense, because this book will have you hooked on it until you finish it.
0767903862|4.0|Bill Bryson is my favorite, contemporary, travel essayist. He&#8217;s taken me places near and distant, portraying his subjects with an endearing blend of affection, bemused fascination, and Farm Belt admiration. (He&#8217;s from Iowa.) And, when telling of those places, persons, events, or situations that are unfathomable, or just a little bit odd, he does so with dry wit and a straight face. (His style can be enjoyed on the video version of his book on Great Britain, NOTES FROM A SMALL ISLAND, available from..., in which he serves as the on-screen narrator.)<br />IN A SUNBURNED COUNTRY, Bill takes us Down Under, to Australia, for his latest love affair with another country. Perhaps it&#8217;s because he lived for so many years in England that he feels such an affinity for this former British colony that is largely ignored by the rest of the world. Whether he&#8217;s thrashing about in the ocean over the Great Barrier Reef, driving across an eternity of barrenness just to see Ayers Rock, wandering through the mind-numbing blandness of Canberra, describing the region&#8217;s deadly fauna, or commenting on the uniqueness of a shop specializing in pet supplies and porn, he does so with a good humor that makes you wish you were there too. (Well, most of the time, anyway.) Concerning the radio&#8217;s play-by-play presentation of a cricket match, endured on a long drive through the outback, Bryson records with evident relish:<br />&#8220;Neasden, it appeared, was turning in a solid performance at square bowel, while Packet had been a stalwart in the dribbles, though even these exemplary performances paled when set aside the outstanding play of young Hugo Twain-Buttocks at middle nipple. The commentators were in calm agreement that they had not seen anyone caught behind with such panache since Tandoori took Rogan Josh for a stiffy at Vindaloo in &#8217;61. At last Stovepipe, having found his way over the railway line at Flinders Street &#8211; the footbridge was evidently closed for painting &#8211; returned to the stadium and bowled to Hasty, who deftly turned the ball away for a corner&#8230;. I may not have the terminology exactly right, but I believe I have caught the flavor of it.&#8221;<br />Only once does Bryson become uncharacteristically testy. On checkout from the Darwin City Frontier Hotel, when he was invited to visit again by the desk attendant, his retort, &#8220;I would sooner have bowel surgery in the woods with a stick&#8221;, is indication of a truly bad experience.<br />Commendably, the author provides the reader with many facts, figures and anecdotes behind Australia&#8217;s history and evolution as a nation (although even he can&#8217;t say for sure if the actual number of original convict-settlers was 529, 696, 751 or 775). Thus, it comes as a surprise and disappointment that he relatively ignores the Aboriginals. These unfortunate people ostensibly present such an awkward problem for the population&#8217;s majority that Bryson comes to adopt the same stance as the locals, and simply ignores the natives after a few cursory observations. To his credit, however, he admits it, and doesn&#8217;t seem too proud of the fact. But, in a beginning at redemption, he also makes absolutely no mention of Paul Hogan or any reference to &#8220;puttin&#8217; a shrimp on the Bah-B for ya&#8221;.y closed for painting &#8211; returned to the stadium and bowled to Hasty, who deftly turned the ball away for a corner&#8230;. I may not have the terminology exactly right, but I believe I have caught the flavor of it.&#8221;<br />Only once does Bryson become uncharacteristically testy. On checkout from the Darwin City Frontier Hotel, when he was invited to visit again by the desk attendant, his retort, &#8220;I would sooner have bowel surgery in the woods with a stick&#8221;, is indication of a truly bad experience.<br />Commendably, the author provides the reader with many facts, figures and anecdotes behind Australia&#8217;s history and evolution as a nation (although even he can&#8217;t say for sure if the actual number of original convict-settlers was 529, 696, 751 or 775). Thus, it comes as a surprise and disappointment that he relatively ignores the Aboriginals. These unfortunate people ostensibly present such an awkward problem for the population&#8217;s majority that Bryson comes to adopt the same stance as the locals, and simply ignores the natives after a few cursory observations. To his credit, however, he admits it, and doesn&#8217;t seem too proud of the fact. But, in a beginning at redemption, he also makes absolutely no mention of Paul Hogan or any reference to &#8220;puttin&#8217; a shrimp on the Bah-B for ya&#8221;.
0061002747|4.0|When Hercule Poirot boards the Orient Express he is surpised by the loud diversity of people on the train. From a Russian Princess to an English governess the train is filled with different classes, and nationalities. THe last thing he expects is a murder to take place. But when it dose, only he can find the killer. As Poirot shifts through the clues and interviews every member on the train he finds out the case is connected to a kidnapping mystery that took place in America year ago. Thus complicating things ever futhur. Can he solve the case? Or will the killer slip between his fingers.<br />When I saw the book assigned to me on my summer Junior year British Literature reading list I was happy to actually get to read a decent book. And when I read it I was swept up in the mystery of things, trying to find the real killer myself. Poirot is an interesting and clever charecter. This was my first Agatha Christie book but it won't be my last. Enjoy!
014028009X|5.0|Perhaps the only book I've read funnier than this is the Bridget Jones sequel!  No-one can tell a story better than Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones!  I really do wish there could be a way to get a third story out of her.  She's a great read.  Everyone loves her.  If you need a friend, it's Bridget.
B000053VAF|5.0|Despite the anti-catholic/anti-religion hype, this film is definitely worth watching, whatever your beliefs.  I mean let's face it, most stand ups take the mick out of God, and tell all about their beliefs, and how many people make a fuss about that?   Anyone who finds serious offense at the religious stuff in this film really shouldn't be watching it in the first place.  &lt;If you haven't seen it yet, please do so.&gt;  And if you're offended by anything else, (Jay's swearing did get a bit O.T.T. I thought.) well, just don't watch it again.  The second DVD in this pack is certainly worth checking out, outtakes, cast info, blatant advertising of Jay &amp; Bob merchandise, and more deleted footage than comprised the final film, (Several are extended versions of scenes from the film) one scene in particular, where we find out a bit more about Bethany's character, is particularly moving.  Much of the extra footage was included in the Dogma Screenplay, so if you've read this, you'll know pretty much what to expect.  Some people might think it a shame that none of the cut footage was put back into the film as a sort of 'Director's cut', but as Kevin Smith points out, he didn't really want a three and a half hour movie.
B00005K9LM|5.0|well what can i say? this is incredible. i didn't think that this was one of priest's best judging by other reviews etc.... but this is my favourite!! its much better than screaming for a vengeance in my opinion. my favourite song on the album is rock hard, rock free, coz the guitar riff is one of the most beautiful and memorable ever, and the chorus is amazing. Metal like this simply isnt made any more.
B0002XNSY0|5.0|NOTE: Review updated February 27, 2006    At the very height of the Cold War, maverick director Stanley Kubrick decided to make a film about the catastrophic potential of thermonuclear war, and had Peter George's novel \\"Red Alert\\" to use as the basis for it.  But the more research he did, the more crazy the very idea of this kind of warfare seemed to him.  In the end, he decided that the best way to make such a film would not be as straight drama, as he first intended, but as a pointed satire.  Thus was born DR. STRANGELOVE, the ultimate cinematic political black comedy, and a film that still holds up quite well today, forty-two years after its release during the winter of 1964.    Kubrick, in screenplay collaboration with George and noted satirist Terry Southern, fashioned a thoroughly engaging and hilarious story about an unprovoked nuclear attack launched against the Soviet Union by a totally unhinged general, Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden), who is convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that the \\"Commies\\" must be stopped from fluoridating the water and thus sapping Americans of their \\"precious bodily fluids.\\"  This, of course, sets everyone into a state of absolute shock and hysteria inside the War Room at the Pentagon, as Hayden's bomb wing begins its run towards their targets.  The hysteria is taken several steps further when the Russian ambassador (Peter Bull) reveals the existence in his country of a Doomsday machine that will in effect trigger the end of the world if so much as a single nuclear bomb stikes Russian territory.  And unfortunately, one of the bombers, captained by a fiercely proud redneck cowboy (the priceless Slim Pickens), is ready to do that dirty deed forthwith!    The political climate that led to DR. STRANGELOVE being unleashed may no longer be with us, but nuclear weapons still are, and it is for that reason that the film still maintains its power to make a point through cutting-edge humor.  In Hayden's fierce anti-Commie paranoia, the wildly optimistic post-nuke casualty figures of George C. Scott's Buck Turgidson (both of whom are modelled off the notorious General Curtis LeMay), and that now-classic phone call between the President (Peter Sellers, in one of three brilliantly done roles) and the unseen Soviet premier, the film exposes the Cold War collision between capitalism and Communism as the farce that it would have been had nuclear weaponry never been in existence.  It also contains an endless supply of quotable dialogue that has entered not only the cinematic lexicon but also the American public discourse as well (\\"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here, this is the War Room!\\"; \\"You're gonna have to answer to the Coca-Cola Company\\").  And that scene of Pickens riding his nuclear payload like it was a rodeo bronc straight to Armageddon is both hilarious and bone-chilling at the same time.    But even beyond the satirization of the Cold War that he engages in, Kubrick also touches on a couple of other important themes of note.  One is the bitter irony that the people in the best position to stop a war are the same ones willing to START one as well.  The second is the theme of technology (the Doomsday machine, in this case) that Mankind is either unwilling or unable to control.  This last point has been explored since 1964 in many other superb science fiction and suspense films, including THE CHINA SYNDROME, JURASSIC PARK, WESTWORLD, and by Kubrick himself (via the supercomputer HAL 9000) in his very next film, the magisterial 1968 sci-fi opus 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY.    Every bit as politically incorrect now in our post-9/11 world as it was in a world where America had only recently lost a president, DR. STRANGELOVE is a classic for the ages, the best kind of comic film there is--one that makes a point through shocking cutting-edge hilarity.
0783225881|5.0|Just a note to those of you like myself who have seen the movie hundreds of times...look who the credits list for &quot;the voice&quot;... it makes a movie that I thought couldn't get any better...do just that. One of the greatest movies of all time.
B00005ATQI|5.0|What he did for science fiction in 1968 with 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, the late, great Stanley Kubrick did for horror in 1980 with THE SHINING--he made a film that people keep talking about and debating.  This very lengthy 144 minute-long horror film, though it does diverge wildly from the Stephen King source material, maintains an aura of mystery and suspense throughout in its story of a family of three taking care of the Overlook Hotel in Colorado during the winter off-season and succumbing to its power.  In this respect, the basic structure of King's novel is still very much in place.<br />Jack Nicholson's performance as the father figure of the piece has caused wildly divergent opinions; he's either maniacally right or too far over-the-top.  All I can say is that it worked for me, especially with his &quot;Here's Johnny!!&quot; line.<br />I can't think of too many horror movies whose camera work and production design are anywhere in the class of this particular film; these elements are almost every bit as chilling as the movie itself.  Kubrick also uses very dissonant classical works by such composers as Bartok, Ligeti, and Penderecki to underlie the film's atmosphere.  The film also achieves one of the horror genre's greatest moments by showing a huge tidal wave of blood spilling out in slow-motion from the hotel's elevators.<br />Like anything Kubrick made in his life (and like the more recent Kubrick/Spielberg collaboration A.I.), THE SHINING must be seen with an open mind.  Just for myself, this film is one of the best horror films ever made because Kubrick's images linger in the mind long after the film itself has ended.
0671027573|4.0|I bought this book because I read a part of it in the Cosmopolitan magazine,  it was a real page turner but the romantic part was too quick and the fact that the hero and heroine kept having sex, even after her friends died was a bit strange.  But I really loved Sam &amp; Jaine.
B00000K19E|5.0|As you spiral around two enemies floating in mid-air, arms jabbing and legs adrift, bullets fly just inches above their heads as they empty the chambers of their menacing pistols. The matrix dazzles you with awesome special effects.<br />A relatively new effect known as \\"Bullet-time\\" never slacks for the imagination. What is The Matrix? ...<br />If you have a subwoofer BEWARE: even though while in the gun battle you will be tempted to crank it up till deafness, it is possible to shatter your woofer into a thousand fragmented pieces. Completely Rocks. {I believe its chapter 29}. Get the must have dvd for your collection. Use it up. Wear it out. Good Wachowski's...Good boys...
080010367X|2.0|I actually would have given this movie two and a half stars. It gets kind of boring after a while. But the movie is still funny. The effects are really improved too.<br />I liked this movie a lot when I first saw it, but I kind of get bored of it now. As mentioned above.<br />This movie is still worth renting for anybody that hasn't seen it yet.
B00005B36H|5.0|Yes, in this album Tool sheds the typical rock music structure of &quot;Verse, Chorus, Verse&quot; to create music that is virtually never repetitive or predictable.  What does this mean for you, the listener?  <br />Well, for one thing, this is not metallica, so for anyone who wants to buy a CD that simply rocks out, Lateralus is not a good decision, and you will probably be disappointed.  But if you're like me, and find yourself somewhat bored by today's music scene, and wish to listen to something a bit more adventurous, then dive right in.  Hopefully, you won't be disappointed.<br />But in listening to this album, you might have to extend your attention span a bit, because nearly every song is over six minutes long, the longest clocking in at over 11 minutes, others reaching eight and nine minutes long, etc.  These are lengthy songs that are constantly changing in rhythm, constantly changing and modifying riffs and longer melodies, and sometimes taking a complete departure from the mood of the previous few minutes.  In other words, you really won't know what the hell is going to happen next, and I personally find it very refreshing.<br />What was my experience listening to Lateralus?  Well, I could make a very good paralell between this and NIN's latest, The Fragile.  As with The Fragile, the first listening was somewhat disappointing, but on the other hand, I couldn't stop listening.  There was something about it that intruiged me, so I continued listening, and eventually, I &quot;got it&quot;.  That's what happens when I find myself challenged by a piece of music. But despite the several listenings I went through to fully appreciate Lateralus, listening to it again and again never seemed like a chore.  It just got better and better every time, with every listen revealing something I had missed the first time around. Oh yeah, and I wasn't even a tool fan when I picked this up.  I am now.<br />But on the other hand, if you listen to it once and think that it's the worst garbage you've ever heard, listening to it again probably won't make any difference.  <br />Anyway, in order to fully appreciate this album, you'll probably need to listen to it a few times, all the way through.  While in our hustle and bustle society this may seem like an almost sinful inconvenience, it's either the slightly-difficult-but-ultimately-rewarding Lateralus, or the extremely-easy-but-immediately-disappointing Limp Bizkit (You may insert any other mall-core band into the &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot; spot, if you wish). <br />You make the choice.
B000001FSR|5.0|This album is moving on so many different levels; it's impossible to overstate the impact it had on me when hangovers didn't really hurt, but were a continuation of the party.  The party is over now, but this album always puts me back on that plane, though now it is usually over a pot of coffee.  Try going for a late night drive after the bars close, and you've had a good breakfast, with this tape playing in the darkest hours of the morning.  It is genuinely creepy.  Hang on St. Christopher is the perfect start for your drive, and it gets progressively more scary.  Lyrically, this album is as brilliant as anything released since Blonde on Blonde.  Few artists have ever created music which enhanced the lyrics as well as this.  The music is rich in texture and often disturbing.  It has been fascinating tracing Tom Waits' evolution has an artist, and I believe this was the pinnacle of his career.  That is, until I play something from one of the other stages of his career (i.e. Nighthawks at the Diner) and find myself saying, this is the greatest thing he's ever done.  I would recommend this record to anybody in need of a soul stirring.
1558216847|5.0|I subscribe to a magazine, National Geographic Adventure, which rated the 100 best all time adventure books 1-100. The Long Walk by Slavomir Rawicz was rated #53 on the list but was reviewed by Sebastian Junger whose own book &quot;The Perfect Storm&quot; was rated #30.  The Junger review raised by curiosity and I purchased it. I was not disappointed.  The account was a gripping page turner and I was sad when it was over in 48 hours. Rawicz, the Polish author had settled in England after the war and I emailed an English Friend of mine to suggest the book to him.  He replied that not only had he read the book years earlier, he had written Rawicz who sent him a pleasant letter with sketches he had done of the Abominable Snowmen he observed while crossing the Himalayas.  I was very pleased with this book and look forward to continuing on the National Geographic Adventure list
0380973650|5.0|Neil has really done it again.  Gaiman is truly one of the most underrated authors of our time.  His ability to tell a story is incredible...once he has you in his tender hold he won't let you go until you finish the story.  His collection of short stories &quot;Smoke and Mirrors&quot; is a great place to start if you are unfamiliar with his work.  &quot;American Gods&quot; is truly an inventive tale that will have you turning the pages hungry for more.  We are truly lucky to have Gaiman writing stories for us.  Read this book and I'm sure you will agree.
1586210912|3.0|The anecdotes in the first two chapters I thought were fairly effective in delivering his messages: don't be complacent, think of ways to make money outside of your job, and persevere.<br />I thought the real value of the book is in Chapter Three where he talks about cash flow, income, and balance albeit it is overly simplified.  If you've read the HOW-TO personal finance books, then this book should neatly give you a more rounded perspective on using accounting principles in your personal finance.  I also especially liked his simplified definitions of assets and liabilities as it relates to the flow of money (in or out of your pocket).<br />I would seriously hesitate to use this book nor take his advise on stock investing.  He is not a proponent of diversification in his get-rich strategy.  This is contrary to numerous works by noted economist/academics that endorses proper asset allocation and diversification for wealth accumulation.  He favors a high-risk, go-for-broke approach to investing when really you should only put money you could afford to lose in such risky ventures.  Also, it appears from the book that his money is made from real estate and not from small cap investing.<br />The rest of the book was mildly interesting reading introducing themes such as incorporate and hire professionals so you could pay less taxes, you should learn how to sell and market (multi-level marketing, ugh), bunch of real estate deal examples that generated income (or \\"inventing money\\") which otherwise would take a while via the traditional savings method, etc..
0060392886|5.0|If you want to read an excellant book on the lifestyles of rock. ,then this books for you. From the booze,drugs and women, this thing has all the debauchery and more. I started reading it and it`s one of those books you can`t stop reading-loved it!
6303921248|5.0|I have to admit liking this version about as well as the earlier version with Garvie and Rintoul. They each have their strengths. They are both very well done.<br />My first (of two) complaints about this version is that Susannah Harker (Jane), although she has her moments of startling beauty in this movie, is not so universally beautiful as Sabina Franklyn (the actress who played Jane in the earlier version). She is supposed to be more beautiful than Elizabeth, a point of no small importance. In the earlier version, she was more beautiful. In this version, although as I said she has her moments, Jennifer Ehle far outstrips her.<br />My second complaint is rather complicated. In Mr. Darcy's climactic letter to Elizabeth, he fails to mention (as he does in the book and in the earlier version) that after he found the law to be unprofitable, Mr. Wickham re-applied for the living that was supposed to have been his before. While this point is mentioned elsewhere in the movie, I think it certainly ought to have been mentioned here. Otherwise, why would Mr. Wickham have a motive for wanting to revenge himself upon Mr. Darcy? A viewer would either have to read the book, or gather the information himself in order to understand this important point. <br />Otherwise, this version is quite accurate, and very enjoyable to watch. I have already seen it twice in the space of two days. The fact that I am taking the trouble to write about such small details indicates that I value this movie very much. I highly recommend it!
B00003CX5A|5.0|It has become expected of Tim Burton to deliver dark, moody, emotional classics such as &quot;Batman&quot; and &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot;, and &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is no exception.  Even if you're not a huge Johnny Depp fan (believe me I'm not either), you will appreciate his dedication to every aspect of his character in this film.  Depp plays Ichabod Crane, an ambitious young constable who is sent to investigate decapitation murders in the haunted town, Sleepy Hollow.  It is there where he meets the enchanting Katrina, played marvelously by the attractive Christina Ricci amongst other townsfolk who are portrayed by a myriad of &quot;guys you've seen and like but don't remember their names&quot; type actors.  I'll let you discover the engrossing American horror tale of the Headless Horseman for yourself.  The DVD itself is crisp and the sound effects are right on target for the mood.  Phenomenal set and costume design, a fantastic musical score, and even some timely humor round out a great story.  The extra features on the DVD include intriguing insight on Tim Burton's masterful direction, cast interviews, and an informative &quot;behind the legend&quot; segment.  A rousing, accurate, entertaining, horror story that shouldn't be overlooked.  This one should be added to your DVD collection for a rainy night suspenseful treat that can be enjoyed over and over again, or it's off with your head!
0788811363|5.0|A true gem when it comes to movies.  This widescreen VHS version let's you appreciate the breathtaking photography of one of Hollywood's best.
0131103628|5.0|This book is the standard - a must own if you write code in C. While not a masterpiece in terms of its prose or style, it's got the facts, it's small, tight, and condensed. What more do you need in a reference book? Nothing.
0316777722|5.0|I often wanted aspects of my life put into a book or on television and I always suspected that I was being watched at times, now I know I was. David Sadaris has captured pieces of all of our lives in his book ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY. Sadaris sense of humor and life's experiences are ones to be envyed and enjoyed. He openinly shares those life lessons which at the time were hard to learn but in retrospect are hilarious. From learning to play guitar to the death of a pet, Sadaris shares his feeling and experiences in a way to make the more cynical person laugh out loud.<BR>In the story &quot;The Youth In Asia&quot; Sadaris writes about the many family pets that often come and go in the typical American Family. After the death of a cat, Sadaris' mother was torn. David and his sisters were of no help as the rubbed salt in the wound of her lost in a way I wish I would have dreamed up. Of course mothers and elephants never forget as David experiences his own lost of a pet and his mother helps pay the expense of having the cat cremated and lovingly wrote a check with a memo that will cause you to scream in delight.<BR>Part two of the book is devoted to David's life in France where he must learn the language and the traditions of the French. Unlike most Americans, Sadaris is not overly concerned to see the Louve or the Eiffel Tower, he is facinated with watching old &quot;B&quot; movies from the United States. Although armed only with less French than an American high schooler, he is able to muddle through France and find humor in his life that all of us can appreciate.<BR>WARNING TO ALL READERS - Be sure you read this book in a place where you can laugh out loud. Because you will.
0385501560|5.0|This book is a intimate picture of characters you will both revile and glorify. To quote the text: &quot;freaks, legends&quot;. Palahniuk's brilliance of observation will take you further into this twisted world which toys with reality and perception.
0783110871|4.0|i am a air traffic controller at zfw and can under stand it not bad for hollywood
0684800713|5.0|The point of TSAR is not to convey any specific story, but the general story of the Lost Generation.  The focus on atmospheric detail and characterisation rather than plot is purposeful.  Hemingway gives us a portrait of youths who are aimless, without moral centre and weakened/impotent.  <br />A similar work, from ten years ago rather than eighty, is Douglas Coupland's Generation X.  I recommend reading both: the deja vu is palpable. Those of us who are Gen X or Y might not find much comfort in having Hemingway as a partner in disillusionment and malaise, but it is at least heartening that those generations that get &quot;lost&quot; can still produce such beautiful (if stark) literature.  <br />The Sun Also Rises is not only a classic, it is as relevant in 2001 as the 1920s.  It's also good for the Spanish tourism industry ;-).
B00003CX5P|2.0|P>Yes, I am a big Star Wars fan, and I highly anticipated the arrival of this film, in spite of the year or so beforehand of commercial marketing fodder (which gave me a really bad feeling).  But contrary to popular misconception, my reason for not liking the movie isn't because my expectations were too high.  It's because, as forgiving as I would like to be, there is a certain threshold beneath which my expectations refuse to go for any movie.  And this one dropped below radar on many fronts.<br />But I'll start with the positive.  As many have mentioned, and I will agree wholeheartedly, the special effects are groundbreaking.  I tip my hat to Mr. Lucas on this front.  It's something for which he has a real knack.  If you're into the movie for that, I imagine the DVD will be everything you could ask for!  It looks like a fairly complete package for the effects and technical details-inclined.  And it's DVD.  Could you have hoped for a better medium for Star Wars 20 years ago?  The cinematography is also excellent, and definitely met my expectations.  Really, from a technical, engineering standpoint, this movie is pretty darned good.<br />Unfortunately, this seems to be the only focus of the movie.  The plotline?  It's not that it's slow.  It's far too uninvolved, superficial, basic, lacking in any intricacy or sophistication.  Maybe there is a plethora of inside information that I am missing due to not researching the movie premise beforehand.  I'm sorry, but that's still inexcusable, and I would say the same even if I did have that information, because it's simply not a fair assumption to make in a movie.<br />The characters?  Again, poorly developed, one dimensional, and uninteresting.  I think that Darth Maul had amazing potential to be interesting, if they hadn't sat him behind the Emperor the whole time, grunting and looking mean.  And what can be said about Jar Jar Binks?  That character is obviously thrown in as the \\"kiddie\\" element, to attract the younger audience, or as some absent-minded throw-in for humor.  Whatever the case, the character is just that: thrown in.  And yet he survives for the entire length of the movie?  This really highlights the \\"manufactured\\" sense of the movie to me.<br />The dialog?  This is perhaps the single biggest failure of the movie.  This is why I can't blame the actors and actresses completely for the character failure.  They aren't really given much to work with.  It's too bad, because it's really a fantastic cast.  What more can be said on this front?  I feel like I spent more time thinking about this review than the writers did in thinking about the script.<br />In summary, this movie was great technically, but a complete failure artistically.  If there were half stars, I would give this movie 2 1/2 on those merits: (5 + 0) / 2.  As it is, I rounded down, since I think the intangibles of coming up with an emotionally moving screenplay and dialog are harder to come by than even the most amazing of special effects.  I wish I could say that it's enough for the movie to be technically proficient, but that's only half of a movie for me.
0385335482|5.0|The title drew me to this book since I have the shopaholic obsession along with many other readers, apparently.  This was great laugh-out-loud entertainment!  I must admit, I was a little disappointed at first because the story was written about a woman in Great Britain.  (I didn't even recognize the stores!)  (And I didn't realize it was a Bridget Jones' Diary type of genre.)  But, before long, I was laughing at Rebecca's rationalizations, and feeling a little anxious because they were so familiar.  The letters from the bank and credit card company were a scream!  They at least responded to Rebecca with a personal touch!  When Rebecca went home to mommy and daddy and told them she was being stalked, I thought I would die laughing!  This is a must-read for anyone who has ever paid off their credit cards with another!
B0000507PC|3.0|Some movies deliberately keep you off-balance, never quite revealing--until the very end--what they're really about.  \\"The Cider House Rules\\" tops that challenge; it's one of those rare miscalculations that never reveals what it's about at all.  It lurches from subplot to subplot, theme to theme, with all the clumsiness of a vagabond who's had one trip too many to the cider barrel--and yet Lass Hallstrom's touch is so gentle, his direction so graceful, that it's ultimately impossible not to be as moved as you are confused.<br />A chilly Maine orphanage, run by the aging, ether-addicted Dr. Larch (Michael Caine), serves as the film's initial setting.  Homer Wells (Tobey Maguire) is a precocious but withdrawn young orphan who demonstrates great potential to be a doctor.  When a young couple, Lt.Wally Worthington (Paul Rudd) and Candy Kendall (Charlize Theron) arrive at the orphanage to have their child aborted by Dr. Larch, Homer leaves his home to follow them.  He eventually becomes a hired hand at Worthington's apple plantation--and from there, well, suffice it to say that the plot doesn't just thicken, it curdles.<br />\\"The Cider House Rules\\" was adapted by John Irving from his own novel, and it's plain to see that the serious issues he tackles were probably given far richer treatment on the page.  In a two-hour film, they're forced to compete for your attention.  It's not really about orphans (although there are enough cutesy shots of their pinched little faces to make you think so at first), although again, what it really IS about is indeed a profound question.  Illicit love, abortion, incest, murder--these are not subjects to give short shrift to, and \\"The Cider House Rules,\\" frustrated by its own schizophrenic tendencies, never really does full justice to any of them.  Even the inevitable explanation of its title is such a hokey, contrived bit of symbolism that it feels like yet another unnecessary appendage.<br />What keeps this film afloat, and makes it farmore rewarding than it deserves to be, is the superb cast.  Caine won an Oscar for his portrayal of the occasionally cantankerous but genuinely sympathetic doctor, and he shares a remarkable father-son chemistry with Maguire.  Also good are Rudd, Theron, and Delroy Lindo as one of the hired hands, although his character is never satisfyingly explored.  This being a Hallstrom film, the feel-good sentiment is in full force (although never as cloyingly as in the loathsome \\"Chocolat\\"), but this is one time I didn't mind.  The music soars, the settings are enough to make you want to go out and be an apple-picker, and dash it all, those orphans ARE pretty darn cute.  What a pity Hallstrom couldn't find a more focused narrative to wrap in his warm little blanket.
B000002BE9|4.0|Fiona Apple should get more attention for her music than her antics because the music is far more interesting. Nowadays (it didn't used to be like this) MTV disrespects a musician whose art upstages his/her image, since it's all image and no artistry. In fact, the only time Fiona's ever gotten any big-time exposure, it seems, was for Criminal (track 4) and I think the attention had more to do with her image, the fact that she appeared half-naked in the MTV video, than that the song was good; although it is very good, it's hardly the best on Tidal.  Tidal is like taking a glimpse into Fiona Apple soul. It's like a conceptual musical, there really isn't a chronological story, but it contains strong, powerful pieces that discuss specific events or feelings in a detailed and expressive way. By the end of the album, we have heard Fiona Apple's life story, and are begging to hear what else she has to say.  Many people dislike her music because its &quot;tortured&quot; and they would rather listen to more upbeat music. And while I agree that much of Tidal discusses the darker aspect of life (her life), it is so artfully crafted that it puts me in a better mood than poorly written and performed &quot;happy&quot; pop schlock, which to me, is the ultimate downer. The songs range from amazing to, well, sucky. Shadowboxer hits the amazing level. The bulk of the songs are sung well and well-written, but the last couple songs are very dismissable, so dismissable that their titles have escaped from my memory... Listen to the first eight tracks and there is a great, sometimes outstanding look at one young woman's struggle to figure things out in life.
044100590X|5.0|Dune is a very deep and thought out book.  It is really two stories rolled into one.  The first story is about the atreides' rise and fall.  The second is the underlying conspericies and the extra influences from the various groups throughout thee book.  This book shows how a real universe works by giving u all the information which makes the book very exciteing
B00004RFFU|5.0|Interview with the vampire(1994)<br />The undead are amoung us and livelier than ever with Tom Cruise,Brad Pitt,Kirsten Dunst,and Antonio Banderas.Tom Cruise plays the charismatic and evil vampire Lestat.Brad Pitt plays the role of Louis,a young man who was a master of a large plantation,south of New Orleans.But Louis gets taken from the sunlight by Lestat.Louis becomes Lestat's protege.Kirsten Dunst plays the role of Claudia.After Louis bites her she becomes a vampire,and Louis's and Lestat's child.Director Neil Jordon(The Crying Game)from a screenplay by Ann Rice(author of interview and more)Interview with the Vampire offers enough chills,shocks,and fiendish fun to last a lifetime! Great edition to your video or dvd collection.This movie is the bomb.A must see for all movie lovers.Rated R for vampire violence,gore,and sexuality.
B00003CX8I|4.0|I saw this movie last summer, and i thought it was pretty good... then i started reading the comic book. Although most of the basics are the same for the movie, there are some pretty big changes they made that I thought were a mistake. The biggest mistake that they made was to make Rogue be a shy and frightened teenager. Although that is how Rogue first appeared in the comics, I think it would've been best to portray her as the spunky, out-going thirty something she became in the series. They also made a mistake in casting Halle Berry as Storm. The problem with Halle Berry is that she doesn't exude such a strong willed, strong person overall as Storm should be. Angela Basset would've been perfect in this role. I did though, particularly enjoy Patrick Stewart's dead-on portrayal as Professor X. He not only has a striking physical resemblance to the Prof, but he also got his persona down to a T. I also thought Hugh Jackman did a great job as Wolverine, considering he's a full foot taller than Wolvie is supposed to be, thereby defeating the purpose of the name Wolverine. But nonetheless, I think that this movie works because it isn't just about fighting and kicking and all of the other action [stuff]. It has a good message to it, and the sentimental scenes between Paquin and Jackman were really well done. I, though, being a comic book fan, prefer to think of this movie as the X-men in an alternate timeline (which, the x-men have many of).
0671688782|5.0|I first bought Dr. Welch's book seven and half years ago, when it was recommended to me by a child welfare case worker who could see that the adoptive placement of my daughter, then seven and a half, was going to disrupt, this child's second placement, if things didn't change.  I read the book in one evening.  The next morning, instead of the usual tantrum filled struggle to ready her for the bus ride to the psychiatric day treatment &quot;school&quot;, I held her instead.  It was 45 minutes of pure rage directed at my face... and then a psycho-biochemical miracle occurred.  Her face smoothened, she began looking directly at me... and she explored my face.  Me?  I felt a 'natural high' that can only be experienced, not properly expressed.  It was like falling in love, only far more intense.  Did one session really &quot;cure&quot; her?  No... it took many holding sessions, along with conventional therapy, and many other theraputic parenting techniques, but my lovely daughter is now 15 years old.  A very happy, well mannered, loving teenager.  A teenager who proudly tells her friends what a great mom she has.  How does she feel about the Holding Time sessions today?  She recently looked on with calm approval as an intense Holding Time session of a six year old boy and her mother unfolded.  Far from the &quot;abuse&quot; that other reviewers here have castigated this technique, this is a solid and loving tool for reaching children, both wounded and merely frustrated, supporting the bond between parent and child.  The book is simply written, for use by every parent, not for academics who would insist on footnoots for every passing comment.  The pictures used are very useful in that they demonstrate the emotions that are played out during a Holding Time session.  They clearly show how the process works and gives a hint of what the parent and child will experience by following the technique.  My only negative comment is regarding the unfortunate maternal chauvinism expressed by Dr. Welch.  This is suggestive of a political belief, rather than a considered professional conclusion.
B000002HJA|5.0|this cd rules. you are required by law to get it immediately. go to a record store right now. quit messin around with this internet bull and get some sun. pack a couple of bowls... buy this cd.. BUY ALL THE KYUSS CDS.. and sit back and let it take you away. ROKK!!!<br />stay cres.
B000056K04|1.0|This album (stinks) pretty bad compared to the first three.  It has a totally new sound that just doesn't work. If you are a big DMB fan though, you can go to (website) and download \\"The Lillywhite Sessions\\", (named after longtime producer Steve Lillywhite).  This was originally going to be the band's fourth studio album, but the record company said it didn't have any hits, so they didn't release it.  Then they hired a new producer and came up with Everyday.  But recently The Lillywhite Sessions leaked on to the internet.  It is a very soft and mellow album and may not be quite as good as the first three, but it sure is better than Everyday and I strongly recommend that you download it instead of wasting your money on this one.
B00005B4GU|4.0|My wife has come to the conclusion after hearing this album that anything with the word &quot;head&quot; in the name is boring and self indulgent. I should point out I am also a fan of Portishead. I should also point out this is the first Radiohead album I have ever bought, not being a fan of the &quot;earlier&quot; stuff. For many people that will be a good enough indicator not to buy Amenisac. For those who have had their curiosity piqued, read on...<br />The album came to my attention earlier this year when I saw &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; on an exclusive release on a late night music show. Combined with the filmclip it blew me away. The simple piano chords, the lightly syncopated rhythm and chilling vocals suited my ambient Trance taste.<br />Picking up the CD the day it was released confirmed the album was left field and generally true to the more mellowesque tone of the first single. The biggest blight on the landscape is the truly horrible Track3. I am now burning another copy less that track!!!<br />The other outstanding track is &quot;Knives Out&quot; which may appease more traditional Radiohead fans without alienating the new listeners as myself. <br />For the openminded buy it and delete Track3. For the reviewers who bagged it as a new but bad direction for the band you have your &quot;classic&quot; Radiohead CD's to keep you amused. I for one will not be bidding for any used copies up for auction from irate and disillusioned fans. Bands can evolve and get a new audience. U2 dragged me in with Zooropa and I have remained a fan since, despite the recent return to their roots. I am hoping Radiohead will evolve the same way. In the end who wants to buy a carbon copy of the previous album?
0671042734|5.0|Le Carre is the best spy novelist ever and truly a modern master of literature.  Tinker Tailor takes the reader on a journey through the murky labyrinths of british intelligence as the antihero Smiley, a plump, confused, betrayed, but deceptively steely and intelligent spy, ferrets out a mole burrowed into the highest levels of British Intelligence by his Soviet nemesis, Karla.  The themes of betrayal, downfall, and the inescapable immorality of spying permeate this finely written book, while the challenge of discovering, with Smiley, who the mole is, captures the reader from the start.  Le Carre's character developement is superior to almost any writer, living or dead, and the complexity of the mole, Smiley, Connie Sachs, and a host of other characters adds another superior facet.  Finally, Le Carre's use of wonderfully quaint terminology, with &quot;moles&quot;, &quot;legmen&quot;, &quot;burrowers&quot;, &quot;the circus&quot;, and others making frequent appearances, spices up the book.  The best spy book I have ever read, and I have read every book by Forsyth, Higgings, Clancy, and Craig, and almost every Ludlum.  This may be a great spy book, but it is also an outstanding work of literature, like its two successors, and is a classic in every respect.  Everyone should read it who has a mind and appreciation for a nobly done turn of phrase.  However, this book isn't for the James Bond Boom Boom kiss the girl and fly off sort- requires thought!
0440234743|3.0|I enjoyed everything associated with court or lawyers' actions - sure, Grisham is good at it, but it's not the main plot. Indoor actions and descriptions perfect, much better then the outdoor ones, I prefer J. F. Cooper's description of nature. I would expect something more.
0060934913|1.0|It is hard to believe that this book has gained so much attention.  It is centered much more on Bourdain's own personal biases, and his attempts to brag about his own encounters than on the industry.  He attempts to write of his own progress when it sounds as though he has truly not come very far.  It is poorly written, redundant, and it becomes boring after a very short time.  His excessive us of profanity throughout the book makes it difficult to concentrate on what little content is included. Save both your money and your time.
B00000ILDE|5.0|When I first saw \\"Aliens\\" on video in 1987, I did not know what to expect. From the first movie's reputation, as well as what I heard about the second one, I did know to expect a substantial amount of violence, blood, and gore. I normally tended to avoid such films due to my squeamishness. Yet, something about the visceral power of \\"Aliens\\" made me ignore the blood, disembowelments, and the obligatory exploding stomach of an alien-cocooned colonist to find a disturbingly beautiful aesthetic. As a fourteen-year-old boy watching heroic Space Marines spending the loads of pulse-rifles on the bad \\"xenomorphs,\\" I did not notice the multiple layers of meaning that viewers could find within the Alien series. I missed the films&#8217; relatively obvious allusions to Joseph Conrad in the names of the spaceships Nostromo and Sulaco. I also did not understand the hazier subtexts that one could read into the \\"Alien\\" series, such as the exploration of our deepest fears, with the aliens acting as mythic surrogates to make us explore our own \\"hearts of darkness.\\"<br />With many other Vietnam War-related films coming out around the same time as \\"Aliens\\" (\\"Rambo II,\\" \\"Platoon,\\" \\"Full Metal Jacket\\"), the contention of some critics that \\"Aliens\\" acts as a metaphor for U.S. involvement in the War seems plausible: \\"dropships\\" resemble combat helicopters; central character Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) is brought as an \\"advisor\\" to the operation; and the Space Marines are used as tools of a \\"military-industrial complex,\\" with corporate interests endangering the lives of anyone to procure alien fetuses to make a profit. Related to this are themes of colonialism (including fears of \\"Others\\" inhabiting the space to be colonized), and the possibility that the xenomorphs represent another group that has been marginalized as \\"Other\\": Women.<br />This theme of &#8220;alienation&#8221; from other women receives even more profound symbolic analysis from critics examining Aliens, probably the most controversial film of the series. Although praised like its predecessor for portraying Ripley as a strong female protagonist, this film has also has received criticism for its allegedly conservative subtext (one critic dismissed it as a \\"Pentagon-inspired family-values picture for the Reagan 80s&#8221;) and as promoting Ripley as some kind of ideal &#8220;Uberfraulein&#8221; who is not too &#8220;feminine&#8221; and not too &#8220;masculine.&#8221; (like the Space Marine Vasquez played by Jenette Goldstein, against whom Ripley appears relatively more maternal and nurturing in her relationship with the orphaned Newt (Carrie Hehn).   Ripley's relationship with Newt also evokes controversy, with some critics pointing out that the alien queen's biological destiny of motherhood contrasts strongly with Ripley's culturally-sanctioned choice to act as a nurturer to Newt. From this perspective, Ripley's ultimate victory over the alien queen occurs within the context of a patriarchally-approved competitive feminism sanctioned by \\"The Company;\\" in order to become a successful woman, one must accept the tools and attitudes of the patriarchy. This includes an aggression that shuts out other women, human and otherwise. In the later films, however, Ripley actually becomes more alien. She carries an alien fetus in the third movie (before her Wagnerian self-immolation), then becomes resurrected as a part-alien in the fourth. What will happen to her in the fifth movie?<br />Speaking of Wagner, parallels with his gigantic opera epic &#8220;Ring des Nibelungen&#8221; may be coincidental, but I think they&#8217;re there. Besides the facts that the &#8220;Alien&#8221; series has four films and the &#8220;Ring&#8221; comes in four operas, there&#8217;s also Ripley&#8217;s self-immolation to save humanity like in Gotterdammerung (or, as in the abortion debate, to have control over her body); and the music (played by the London Symphony Orchestra, no less) used during the battle sequences of &#8220;Aliens&#8221; has echoes of the smithying music portraying the dwarves&#8217; enslavement in Act Two of &#8220;Das Rheingold.&#8221; And then there&#8217;s the critique of capitalism (attributed to the &#8220;Ring&#8221; by George Bernard Shaw) which also pops in the Alien series (particularly in this movie in the guise of Carter Burke, played with barely-concealed neurotic ooze by Paul Reiser). So one is left with political ambiguity in &#8220;Aliens,&#8221; and one must decide whether it&#8217;s a gung-ho Reagan era war movie set in a future infested by Freudian neuroses, or if it&#8217;s a critique of a capitalist system that sacrifices lives just to squeeze out a profit. Or to just think it's a kick-[butt] movie, or too upsetting for one's nerves.<br />Whatever one may consider its ideological stance, &#8220;Aliens&#8221; deserves to be on a list of top science fiction films. While not &#8220;artsy-craftsy,&#8221; director James Cameron crafted this film marvelously, shooting only a few alien models with minimal detail in dim lighting to give the effect of stalking hordes. (The test footage of the phallic alien fetus puppet, and of the alien queen stand-in, is quite amusing) Particularly memorable is the devastating first battle between the Space Marines and aliens, with disorienting cuts between the &#8220;real&#8221; battle sequences and video relays of the action (replete with static and close-ups of panicked Marines) to an armored surface vehicle. (Considering this film and &#8220;Titanic,&#8221; I think Cameron would definitely be the one to finally film a &#8220;War of the Worlds&#8221; that&#8217;s faithful to H.G. Wells&#8217; novel... with better-rounded characters than Wells threw in). Although the added-in scenes enhance the film somewhat, I expected something more emotionally satisfying (tear-jerking) for the scene where Ripley finds out about her biological daughter&#8217;s death.<br />All that said, &#8220;Aliens&#8221; still continuesto fascinate, even after 15 years. It is indeed a kick-[butt] movie, but there&#8217;s a lot more (probably) going on beneath the surface text as well. That&#8217;s what makes me return to it every so often.
0452282152|5.0|Tracy Chevalier's &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; is one of the best novels I have read so far this summer.  I received the book from Amazon.com on a Saturday afternoon, and was finished with it by Monday afternoon!  It was that good and that intriguing, so much so that I plan on reading it again.  It is a difficult book to put down, and from the moment the main character, sixteen-year-old Griet, begins to speak, the reader becomes entrapped by her simple but strong voice - Chevalier immediately impresses us with the fact that this girl has an underlying strength and sensitivity that will carry her through the novel. When her father loses his tile trade due to an accident, Griet is forced into service as a maid in order to support the family.  She is employed in the home of the painter Johannes Vermeer and his skittish and eternally pregnant wife, Catharina.  Griet is immediately set up for trouble in her new life because the master Vermeer has taken an interest in her - from the way she arranges vegetables according to color scheme to the way she neatly and professionally manages to clean the painter's studio without disturbing an object.  This immediately incites the jealous dislike of Catharina, whom Chevalier makes clear has never inspired her husband in such a way, as well as the malicious vengeance of Cornelia, one of Vermeer's daughters, whose guard over her father takes the form of an everlasting attempt to destroy Griet's position.  Griet has few champions in the house: Vermeer's mother-in-law, the formidable Maria Thins, sees and approves of the artistic interest that Griet has awakened in her son-in-law, but never goes so far as to defend her from Catharina or Cornelia.  Tanneke, another servant in the house, vaguely resents Griet's intrusion on domestic life, and makes no scruples about where her loyalties lie.  Thus, it becomes up to Griet to fight for a place in her new home.  This task becomes all the more complicated once Vermeer asks her to work in his studio grinding paints, as well as occasionally modeling for his works when the original sitters cannot be present. Griet's love for the paints and the studio is a simple beauty, and makes a triumph out of what would have ordinarily been a drab life. But it is when Vermeer begins work on her portrait for one of his patrons that things begin to unravel.  Griet has suddenly been drawn into the hidden, beautifully painted domestic scenes that Vermeer is now famous for, but it is only when the girl puts on a pair of pearl earrings to complete the picture that the final rage of Catharina and Cornelia is incited. Griet herself is an inspiring character, and she moves the reader much as she &quot;moved&quot; Vermeer, so much so that the reader finds it difficult to accept the fact that &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; could have been anyone other than Chevalier's Griet.  Chevalier's language is lovely and textured, a treasure truly to be savored, and she evokes a clear and precise picture of life in seventeenth-century Holland.  Although little is known of the Dutch master Vermeer and nothing at all is known about his famous muse, the novel &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; is a wonderful myth that makes one want to believe that all was as Chevalier has dreamed it.  A true jewel, and highly recommended.
B000001DTM|5.0|Rock, Blues, Techno, Pop, and Opera all rolled into one. 8 million copies sold.  When TIME magazine declared U2 - &quot;Rock's Hottest Ticket&quot; - in 1987, those words turned out to be more prophetic than journalistic.  It made the list of VH1's Greatest Albums of Rock &amp; Roll.  What more can you ask from an album?
0792156684|1.0|I watched this movie at first to see what all the hype was about. But htis movie is just that, HYPE. I have never in my life watched such a boring movie. Three hours plus about nothing in particular except two people and what they do on the boat before it sinks. Sounds Intriguing huh. It might be but  it takes the ship about two hours to sink and they are freezing in the water for about an hour. Get on with it. If it was an hour and a half plus change it wouldve been a good movie but as it is it just drags on with no type of events happening.  A sad excuse for a movie and it conned a lot of people and made a lot of money. There is nothing good about htis movie even the acting is pretty bad. And plus you already know what is gonna happen at the end so it made the movie even worse. Stay as far away from this as you can. It is not a good movie. If i wouldve went ot the movies to see this i woulda been disappointed and woulda had to sneak into another movie or get my money back. I have seen original TV movies way better than this.You think this post is dragging on well it is the equivalent of watching the movie. Just rambling about stuff no one even cares about because the plot is not good and the characters have almost no emotions behind their performance. This may be the worst movie i have ever seen. If it isnt it is definitely up there with the worst. Dont Watch this you will be wasting about three valuable hours.
0804115613|5.0|I just loved this book from beginning to end.  I did not want to put it down, and the characters were constantly in my mind.  Fried Green Tomatoes... had me thinking what would it be like to have an older woman to talk to about life.  I would love to have a Ninny Threadgoode in my life.  Her outrageous stories about her life and family, and the confidence she had with her self made me want to grow old gracefully like Ninny.  <br />Before i read this book i saw the movie a very long time ago.  Friend Green Tomatoes is one of my favorite movies.  Most people do not read the book a movie is based on after they have already seen the movie, but that does not bother me.  I was suprised at the great job the movie did in following the story so closely, but of course the book is always better than the movie.  Through the book you can imagine the story, what Whistle Stop looks like as well as the cafe.  While watching the movie you do not feel like you are part of the small Whistle Stop community, but through the book you feel like you are at the cafe sitting down to some barbecue.  If you have already seen the movie, but not yet read the book, I suggest reading the book.  For example, just because you have seen Gone with the Wind, does not mean you want to miss out on reading that masterpiece.  The movie was amazing, but it does not compare to the novel.  <br />This is the story of a middle aged woman named Evelyn.  She is scared about eveything in her life, and has always been the good girl.  During the book she realizes that all through her life she has had this fear of being called names.  This fear has led her to lead a life she does not understand, and is not happy living.  Evelyn struggles with her weight as well as her self image.  Her mother in law is in a nursing home.  While Evelyn is visiting her mother in law, she comes across Mrs. Cleo Threadgoode (also known as Ninny).  Ninny begins talking to Evelyn about the small town she is from called Whistle Stop, and allof the people who lived there.  This is a story about a small community that is centered around a Cafe that resides next to the railroad tracks.  Evelyn becomes intrigued with the cast of characters Ninny talks about and soon can't stay away from the nursing home.  Evelyn is also struggling to become happier with herself and her life.  She is tired of being scared of everything and everyone.  Mrs. Threadgoode becomes her mentor. She gives Evelyn the confidence she has always lacked to become something and be happier with herself.<br />This is an amazing novel.  You will find yourself smiling while reading it as well as feeling as though you are part of a loving community.  You will not be able to put this novel down because of what an amazing story teller Flagg is.  The novel does not begin in the 20s and work its way to present time (or 1986) but it skips around quite frequently, and only Flagg (or gifted writers) could pull these events together without writing about them as they happened.  I would recommend this novel for anyone that loves a beautiful story, with simply amazing characters.
B000002B1M|4.0|Reviewer: formally from Atlanta This cd caught a lot of heat. Purists was looking for Illmatic part two and labeled this as a wack crossover effort. Also they thought he had fallen off. It was unfair to Nas to expect him to recreate the magic on his first album Illmatic.The down fall of this album is mainly the production. It jsut doenst measure up to Nas ability. But some songs like The Message were brilliantly constructed. Street Dreams( the song Nas caught some heat for because it has almost the exact same beat as Tupac's song All Eyez on Me. Just because of that it wasnt well recieved on the west coast either. Plus it was in the middle of the EAst vs. West war. With that said i like both songs neither better than the other though. I gave you power is a metaphorical rhyme aabout the life of a gun. A masterpiece of a song.Watch dem n...... is also a pretty good song as is Take it in Blood. The Dre/Nas collaboration couldve been a lot better effort but the song is aight if you listen to it. Affirmative Action is the posse cut with The Firm and it is a a pretty good song with each member dropping a good verse even Foxy Brown. The set up is usual Mobb Deep material and is tight. However the album starts to waiver after this song. Black Girl Lost is the definition of bad production, this is not a good song.Suspect is almost worst than Black Girl Lost production wise but the lyrics save this song. Shoutouts is another mediocre song with weak production. Live N*&amp;^% rap is ano;ther Mobb Deep collabo and comes off as decent. And Finally, arguably the best song on the album, If I ruled The World is a great song with Lauryn Hill taking care of business on the chorus and background singing and ends the album on a particularly high note. If you like Nas then you will like this album. So go get it.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I've seen that there are more than 1120 reviews for this album, making obviously quite popular. But for those of you weirdos out there who don't yet have this CD, here's a review to get your started.<br />1. Oops I Did It Again - Enough Said. 9/10<br />2. Stronger - You've probably heard this one already. A good track, bold and upbeat. Can't dance to it too well, but fun to listen to. 8/10<br />3. Don't Go Knockin' On My Door - Despite the goofy name ... well, actually, I don't like this track much, it sounds a little offbeat, not too catchy. 6/10<br />4. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction - Not quite the original, but a good track. 7/10<br />5. Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know - A romantic, smooth track. The video *ahem* gives it a sexy feel, making it even more appealing. 8/10<br />6. What U See (Is What U Get) - An upbeat track, can't dance to it, but still one of the better songs on the album. 7/10<br />7. Lucky - Who hasn't heard this one? A cute, entertaining song ... for the first 500 times. 7/10<br />8. One Kiss From You - One of my personal favorite tracks, it starts out well, and continues with cute lyrics and catchy beats. 8/10<br />9. Where Are You Now - A romanic track, slow, but still impressive. I like this one. 9/10<br />10. Can't Make You Love Me - Catchy, but feels like it's already been done. Still, fun to listen to and has potential. 8/10<br />11. When Your Eyes Say It - I love this track, because it's soft and casual, but still has a good beat. Very good track ! 9/10<br />12. Dear Diary - Ack. This one, personally, doesn't deserve to be on the album with the other tracks. Heck, Britney's first go, gotta give her some applause. 6/10
B000001FN3|5.0|I got my first Alan Parsons Project album 18 years ago, but it was not until last week that I finally completed my AP/APP collection by purchasing _Tales of Mystery and Imagination_.  I kept putting off this purchase because I had several mistaken impressions about this album.  I thought it was supposed to be an inferior first effort before the Project really kicked into gear and created their high quality albums.  I thought it was supposed to be dominated by disco rhythms.  I thought Powell's &quot;The Fall of the House of Usher&quot; was supposed to be a dissonant mess.  I thought the album was made so long ago that the primitive recording technology would be distracting.  I thought there was no way a work centered around Poe could be a thing of beauty. Listening to the TOMAI cuts on _The Definitive Collection_ and the RealAudio samples on the web encouraged me to order TOMAI, but I still thought I might regret the decision.<br />Boy, was I wrong.  If you like any Project material, I can't imagine that you wouldn't like this album.  The cuts you might have heard before sound better in the context of the whole album, and several of the more obscure cuts are stunning.  How can you write a song about &quot;The Cask of Amontillado&quot; that is not only haunting but hauntingly beautiful?  For Eric Woolfson, it is apparently no sweat.  It will be interesting to see if his musical on Poe ever comes to fruition.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Having been one of the rare humans in America that really has never read comic books, I watched this DVD with very low expectations.  Also, having been fairly immune to the 'hype' surrounding the flim, I simply took the movie in for what it was -- a good summer action movie.<br />The plot is fairly straightforward with some minor twists to keep it very interesting.  It seemed to me to be very comic book like -- in a good way.  The action, the emotions, and even the set design were all a little over the top.<br />The only minor nit-pick I had was that it was so painfully obvious that things were left open eneded for sequels in the near-future.<br />The movies literally just flies by.  It is very enjoyable, funny, and action-packed.  The special effects are top-notch and the characters are well cast.  Simply a well done action flick.
B000056K04|4.0|After owning &quot;Everyday&quot; for over 4 months, one thing is clear- Matthews saved his career by refusing to release &quot;The Lillywhite Sessions&quot; and switching to producer Glen Ballard. This is obvious to anyone that has a copy of the Lillywhites. &quot;Everyday&quot; is full of infectious songs with outstanding melodies and very intricate guitar licks (&quot;Dreams Of Our Fathers&quot;) and tricky time signatures (&quot;Fool To Think&quot;). Several songs also have unlimited commercial potential (&quot;I Did It&quot;, &quot;When The World Ends&quot;, &quot;The Space Between&quot;). Open minded DMB fans will find a lot to enjoy on Everyday, while the UTTAD junkies will look to the Lillywhites. Although a lot of lines have huge influence from Ballard (&quot;Why do I beg like a child for your candy&quot; - Angel, &quot;I'm going under over you&quot; - So Right), Matthews still turns out some of his best guitarwork of his career and some excellent conceptual lyrics. The main difference between &quot;Everyday&quot; and previous studio releases is that some of the choruses and bridges absolutely soar and reach new heights. For example, the chorus and outro on &quot;So Right&quot; reach a height that Matthews has never achieved before emotionally. The bridge on &quot;What You Are&quot;, lyrically, is very well-done. &quot;When The World Ends&quot;, &quot;If I Had It All&quot;, and the title track also have killer bridges. So although many will criticize Dave for this release, it was only logical, due to the lack of commercial material on the Lillywhite Sessions. Matthews easily would have been out of stadiums with a Lillywhite release.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Five stars: rather high, I know. But this album EARNED it. I was totally blown away by this album! This was my first Brightman experience aside from a few snippets of songs I'd heard from &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; and let me say, she's fantastic!<br />Sarah has a unique sound: blending pop, New Age, and opera together in a strangely satisfying sound. Her voice is amazing, clear and strong, and to quote the old cliche &quot;She has the voice of an angel.&quot; I'd always rolled my eyes at that statment before, but it really is quite true. Not only is Sarah's voice beautiful, but the orchestrations are astounding, as are the &quot;backup chants.&quot; Songs like &quot;In Paradisum&quot; &quot;Eden&quot; &quot;Only an Ocean Away&quot; &quot;Scene D'Amour&quot; and &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot; send shivers up and down my spine. &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot; as much as I hate to admit is a beautiful song. I hated &quot;Titanic&quot; and Celine's majorly overplayed &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; so I wasn't sure if I'd like this track or not. It is a wonderful song... move over Celine... WAY over. There's not a song I hit the skip button on, it really is that good.<br />All that said, Sarah Brightman is spectacular, and I recommend her to a fan of ANY genre of music, she can appeal to most anyone, and will definitley add a new flavor to your music collection.
B000001GQB|5.0|I fell in love with these recordings the first time I played them on my stereo. I listened to these symphonies and immediately realized that there was something special to these symphonies and the way Karl Bohm conducted them. Bohm is considered by many to be the greatest conductor of Mozart, and this set shows why. The music is absolutely perfect. Too often you hear Mozart conducted overly romantic, with EXTREME dynamics and odd tempo variations between movements, such as is the case with Bernstein and Karajan. I'm not saying that they are poor conductors, because I do adore them both; however, when it comes to Mozart they cannot compare to Bohm. Bohm takes the tempos and dynamics perfectly, and rather moderately, letting the symphonies' innate beauty and emotion show itself without having to fudge with the score and staying true to Mozart's intentions(unlike other conductors).  These are some of the most beautiful and memorable pieces ever written, and this version is inarguabley the best performance on disc. The increadible performance quality is supplemented by great sound quality and a middle price range(remember it's two cd's for 20 bux), making these two CD's a must have for anybody's music collection. I know that since it has been in my collection, it has been my favorite.
6304233639|4.0|What do you do when a race of super intellegent aliens with attitudes come down and start wiping out mankind? You do what anyone would do. You send a cable repair man and a NASA reject to stop them. This movie is really just a special effects bonanza, but it's a lot of fun and suprisingly enough can make you feel very patriotic towards the end. The plot is simple but it works well. Watch this movie. Come on. You know you want to see the White House blow up
B00003Q43A|5.0|probably the best dvd i own.  there are two versions of the film one theatrical and one extended with all the deleted scenes.  in addition you get a making of special, a promotional spoof, trailers, and commentaries out the wazoo.  picture and sound qualities are impecable and recreated the theatrical feel perfectly.  an awsome movie and an even more amazing dvd.  the price is a bit high but damn its worth every penny.
B00004TDRD|5.0|This is by far my favorite movie of all time. Ever since I was a child this movie both thrilled and terrified me. Spielberg did a fantastic job bringing the book to life. In many ways it's superior to the book (Spielberg removed a lot of the rough language and the sexual stuff that is found in the book) The acting in this film is excelent. Roy Scheider, Richard Dreyfuss, and Robert Shaw are all very believable. You can feel their fear, excitement, and anger. If you haven't seen this masterpiece yet, then buy it now. It's an amazing film. I wouldn't recomend allow young children to see it though if you plan on making any trips to the beach LOL
B00004XQ83|4.0|But the 'old timey music' on this album bears no relationship to the dreck that comes off the airwaves.  The songs are clean and pure, the harmonies amazing.  Unsentimental, but full of emotion, each song is a pleasure to hear over and over.  The harmonies (on alison krauss's songs in particular) sound fresh and new, and at the same time as if they had existed for a century somewhere in the American consciousness.  None of this music seems to have been written, it all grew naturally from some soul plant that ranged over fifty years ago from deep in the Appalachians down to the Louisiana mud.
0930289455|5.0|With fantastic writing and art we get a indepth look into the Joker's mind. From his tragic origin to his blatant viciousness we get to see exactlly who the Joker is and why. This is a very dark and disturbing comic and is not for everyone. It is very graphic and doesn't bother trying to dumb things down for the reader. That being said, I do believe that this is the best comic book ever written. It just explains and develops so much. What makes it truely terrifying though is that it makes Joker a very realistic character and makes you wonder just how many real Jokers are out there
6305014140|5.0|This movie is great!  Strong character developement, an interesting plot, and awesome action scenes make this one of the best Anime movies ever.  It is the story of a master swordsman for hire, the bizzare and deadly enemies he encounters, and the political intrigue that he becomes embroiled in.<br />This is a movie that you can and should watch a few times.  A definite must have for any anime colector.
B000058983|5.0|As a serious music lover I'm embarassed to confess that I missed this album first time around.  It stands tall against the standout albums of 1967 - Sgt Peppers, Byrds 5th Dimension, Piper at the Gates of Dawn, Disraeli Gears, Are You Experienced? That's as high praise as I can think of.  And, what's more it's probably aged better than all those albums strangely enough.  For in depth analysis of the songs just see the other reviews.  Top marks.
B00005BCPC|1.0|What license was taken in this adaptation of Jane Austin's novel! This movie was [junk]. No doubt the late Miss Austin would have been mortified if she had seen this [distorted] portrayal of her novel. The characters in this film were extremely shallow.  Not one of the actors portrayed their character as they ought. I was bitterly disappointed. I wish I would have never seen this film. I despise this movie. Spare yourself!
B000001FI7|2.0|The deliberate scratches on some of the tracks are not the only similarities to old LP records.  yes, like vinyl Dummy wears very thin with repeated playings.  What can be fascinating over three tracks pretty soon becomes formulaic.  Just like the Ramones or Status Quo in that respect.  It's remarkable how some acts can stretch a good idea out over a whole album or even a whole career.
B000002N2P|5.0|I have been a loyal fan of green day for some years now, and I must say this is their BEST album. This is one which never leaves my CD player, I never get tired of listening to it. The combination of Tre Cool's powerful drums, with Mike Dirnt's great bass playing and Billie Joe's distorted power chords make this record a MUST HAVE. In fact it is the record I am listening to while I'm writing this review. All of Green Day albums are great, yet all of the songs in Insomniac are my favorite Green Day songs. If you have been listening to Warning(a dissapointing record in my opinion, taking in account the fact that Green Day is a punk band), or other Green Day albums, buy Insomniac because you haven't lived until you heard it.
014028009X|4.0|I read this book because I had seen the movie and wondered what all the fuss was about.  The movie was a little witty, a bit overdramatic and a mostly unrealistic love story.  So, how could the book have been so hailed?  Well, quite simply, the book isn't the movie at all.  Sure, there is some similarity at length, but please don't think that the over-dramatic american love story &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; is anything like the book.<br />In the book, Bridget is a all to common woman who constantly struggles between all too delicious chocolate and the almighty pound.  Her struggle, and life, is an all to familiar one for most non-underwear model women.  She constantly seeks Mr. Right, only to always end up with Mr. Wrong.  And all the while Mr. Right lies hidden in a hideous &quot;grandma knit&quot; sweater.  <br />The book, is all to realistic.  It's not a complete sappy love story, although the end is rather sweet.  And it's not a &quot;life sucks&quot; diatribe, because all in all she finds that she's not so bad off.  The sugar sweet balances out the bitter defeats enough to make Bridget so damn endearing.  You feel for her and you cheer for her because she's not the everyday unrealistic image of a woman that is thrust into our eyes.  She's charmingly real and you can't help but like her.  The book, at least, a good read and at best, incredably entertaining.<br />Just one bit of advice, read the book and skip the movie.
B00005ASOC|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I feel that both Sean Connery's and Rob Brown's performances were fantastic. The interactions between the two gave it a sense of originality while the concept of teacher student has been done an infinite number of times. However, the writers bit to deep into the formula in my mind. <br />Here is the formula for writing a teacher-student story. First, you take intelligent and either misunderstood or misguided child. Make them a tad bit precocious intellectually. Then you take injured teacher. This injury can either be physical (like Mel Gibson's Man without a Face) or psychological (as agoraphobia is here). Then you put the youth in the unexpected pathway and viola drama ensues. Oh wait I forgot the key outcome. While the youth will succeed and learn, it is the injured teacher that is healed in the end. <br />Great basic plot. You can write about a million of these, and perhaps they have. But, I think what frustrated me most was the insistent of the writers to digress into 60's &amp; 70's theme in a movie about a new generation. I think the fact the Brown character is a black youth from \\"the `hood\\" may be inspirational to some, I felt like it was trying to latch on to the boogie man of racism to make the film effective rather than developing strong characters. In addition, I found the use of the Paquin character a bit annoying on the same vein-Oh her daddy doesn't want her to date Jamal.<br />There is so much potential here to make a good story relying on good character interplay... I think Good Will Hunting demonstrates that really well, where the hardship is derived from the characters' lives not from the use of oblique racial commentary. In fact, I feel cheated because it was the easy way in my mind because so much symbolism comes easy. <br />I really liked this movie. The dialogue and the acting were really solid. I only wish the writers would have worked harder and looked beyond the skin color and into what makes people interact.
006019250X|5.0|This should be required reading for all high school freshmen.  And, it you're beyond being a high school freshman, READ IT NOW!  Its beauty is in its simplicity, and isn't true happiness just that???
B000050FEN|5.0|I truly loved, strike that, really liked this flick. To love this movie is perhaps an obsession saved for the pages of a Stephen King novel or a sign that I need help. This movie is very, very violent both overtly and passively. You are left with a sense that New York is nothing but a cesspool. While many non-New Yorkers might agree, I think its gritty cinematography and dialogue, really work to amplify the murderer's personality. Not only is he deadly insane, but also he is the deadliest in a world filled with violence.<br />In addition, I think the movie has an originality that makes you smack your forehead and wonder why you hadn't written it first. It is the perfect tale where we all already understand the symbols and the motivations, but they are turned on their head. It was as if Hieronymus Bosch was the writer and we are looking at the modern day incarnation of the last panel of the Garden of Earthly Delights. In essence, the grotesque is used to shock, but also to teach us. The lesson could be religious or the fact great horrors have been committed under religion's banner. Or, which is most likely, that films are simply to make money. <br />This movie has great acting beyond its violent and disturbing story. It is so good I don't think there is a movie studio that could afford to ever reassemble the four key actors to make another movie-Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey, &amp; Gwenyth Paltrow. This power pack puts the story beyond other disturbing tales like Kubrick's Clockwork Orange into a lasting package that, had it been a more tame topic, would be a standard on television for years. This movie belongs only a notch bellow the pinnacle of serial killer movies, Silence of the Lambs, and light years beyond such utterly awful attempts like Hannibal &amp; Copy Cats. This is a great movie, but definitely not for children or the faith of heart.
6305609721|4.0|Overall an enjoyable movie but there is a real lack of characterization. Too be fair it's in the real spirit of the TV series.
B000056K04|4.0|\\"Everyday\\" is not for the Dave Matthews fan that wants to still listen to \\"Under the Table and Dreaming\\" or \\"Crash.\\" As Dave has done with every album, he has matured in style, ability and creativity. \\"Everyday\\" represents the latest growth he has made as an artist, and demonstrates why perhaps he is undervalued as a musical icon.<br />Dave, with electric guitar in hand, sheds off the frat parties of the Virginias and Carolinas to the mature and developed musician that we see on this album. In addition, there is terseness to the music that seems to demonstrate the real influence of Glen Ballard. While I think with Morissette's Jagged Little Pill Ballard helped to bring that Canadian pop-artist, I think he injures Matthews a bit. The songs on the album lack the jazz and folk roots that lasted long periods and allowed you to appreciate each artist in the group for their abilities and what makes them the greatest band I've ever seen perform live. <br />While I think \\"Everyday\\" has really made great strides to push the Band in a new artistic directions, I wish for a bit of the more traditional jazz and southern influenced work that dominated both \\"Crash\\" and \\"Before these Crowded Streets.\\" <br />While I admit this is a fairly free flowing review, the message I want to get across is this is an album that is great in many ways because I am seeing the progression of a great artist and he creates a set of songs that can stay in the disc changer for months without feeling the need to jerk it out. But, and isn't there always a but, if you are looking for the guy who played the lawn party while you were drinking in college, like us, he's gotten older and better at what he does. This is clearly a very good album, and a sign that Dave isn't going anywhere soon. So good things aren't coming to an end, but getting more interesting.
B000002IOY|1.0|DONT BUY THIS CD! I saw Overkill on a list of heavy metal artists and I wanted to explore metal outside of Megadeth and Metallica, so I bought The Years of Decay. The guitars and vocals are not very good and the songs have un-polished chorus' that are simply speaking the title of the song. There are lengthy 8-10 minute tracts that are also rather bland. If you are looking for a hard, smashing, Overkill you wont get it. Try their eariler material. This album sucked.
B000053VAF|4.0|I think Dogma once again proves the genius and the disaster that is Kevin Smith. I can't imagine being able to write great and interesting dialogue like Smith's. In fact, the best part is that Smith's actors have finally caught up with his abilities. I have tough time watching Clerks because the delivery is a half beat off as if I'm watching the videotape of me playing Albert in Bye Bye Birdie in Eighth grade. <br />Unfortunately, I want to talk to Kevin Smith and say to him please, please try only writing one. The editorial comment by Amazon could not be more correct about his defects as a director actually shooting the movie. He appears to stage and shot everything in two dimensions, as if drawing a line in the sand that no one may cross over until we go to the next scene...perhaps the idiots in Hollywood are under-funding his work so films is a precious commodity, but I think he is the only one who still thinks it. <br />Overall, I loved the movies plot and dialogue. I think it pretty original, and whatever isn't has been made sufficiently Smithian as to make it feel like it is. I also have to say that I want to see more of Jason Leigh. This guy has made a Career from Smith and I would love to see him not be relegated to funny sidekick status and see if we could have just a film with him trying to move the story. <br />This movie is great if you are in on a rainy day and want to laugh. I don't recommend it if you are looking to be simply stimulated by pictures. I can recommend Pearl Harbor for that or many other blank and pretties. This movie is for someone who has the time to sit down, listen and laugh a lot.
B000002A3T|5.0|This album blew me away!  There are soooo many great songs on here, and it shows the Pink Floyd sound in different colors and feelings.  Its deffinatly a classic aFloyd album.   It may not be as good as the Wall or Dark Side, but its just s good, if not better thanb Meddle or The Final Cut.
0380002930|4.0|I recently read this book as a summer reading assignment for school, and I was struck by the author's understanding of the nature of the characters (rabbits) of this book.  This book was by all means worth reading, even though I would not have rated in on my &quot;Top Ten Books&quot; list.  If you enjoy nature, wildlife, adventure, or just a good story, I would definitely recommend this book.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|If I had to describe this CD in one word, I would say &quot;rushed&quot;.  I heard that Dexter and the gang wrote the songs that appear on the album but that's it.  What I mean is that normally a band will write a good 20 - 30 songs for an album and put the best ones on there.  That's where you gget all those &quot;previously unreleased&quot; tracks from.  Anyway,  this CD has some killer songs and some that I wasn't too thrilled with.  I give the boys kudos for this album even though I personlly didn't like all the songs. They are fantastic musicians.  And to all the whiners out there that say &quot;hey man, this isn't punk&quot;.  Well maybe you should think about what punk is:  Punk is music made by a band that contains lyrics about things that pop bands wouldn't touch with a 10 foot backstreet boy.  I don't think any pop band would sing about prison (walla walla)  or the degridation of todays society and youth (the kids aren't alright).  This CD in my opinion is not quite as good as the others (smash, ignition, conspiracy of one),  but it contains the best Offspring song ever recorded.  Pay the man is the best song on ANY offspring CD.  Maybe it's the part of me that loves egyptian sounding music like the stuff on the immortal powerslave album by iron maiden, but I really dig Pay the man.<br />My advice to all you people who are not digging americana is to give it a few more listens.
B00005LC3Y|4.0|This movie is a great movie that deals with how people reacted to the Vietnam war. The way the movie is shot is perfect. Stanley Kubrick expresses the true humanity of war. And really shows &quot;the duality of man&quot; About snowball, he was definately the greatest character in the movie (next to the colonel). It cracks me up every single time when i see that first scene, and snowball is just yelling at the top of his lungs, but he is so tiny, it's hilarious. I wish they had more of him in the movie.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Now THIS is a GREAT movie!!!  It stars both Al Pacino AND Robert De Niro, and unfortunately they aren't on screen together for more than a few scenes.  But those scenes are truly memorable; the scene in the restaurant and the film's ending.  Other stars include Val Kilmer, John Voight, and Ashley Judd, and with a cast like this, &quot;Heat&quot; delivers some of the most impressive performances ever to hit the silver screen.<br />This film has a remarkable script.  The quotes include, &quot;I say what I mean and I do what I say&quot;, and &quot;I'm talking through an empty telephone here, because there is a dead man on the other end of this freaking line&quot;.  (well, &quot;freaking&quot; wasn't the actual word) But the best quote is, &quot;Do not have anything in life that you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you can feel the heat around the corner&quot;.  This quote really helps make the ending so powerful.<br />Don't be alarmed by the 3-hour-length of the film, either.  Michael Mann is a brilliant director and has increased the film's length to develop the characters better.  This is what distinguishes a good movie from a bad one: if a villain's personality doesn't make you love to hate him, then the movie isn't well made.  And if it weren't for the film's best quote (see above), then the film would be 20 minutes shorter and you wouldn't feel so pleased.<br />Gee whiz, I haven't even begun to talk about the plot yet!  Well, &quot;Heat&quot; is a crime saga about two men on opposite sides of the law.  Vincent Hanna (Pacino) is a cop who is out to catch a robber, Neil MacCauley (De Niro).  Before I go too far, I must stop and say that MacCauley is no easy target.<br />Rated R for strong language and some intense violent sequences.  This film is not for preteens, but everyone aged 13 and up MUST watch it.
B0000508U6|5.0|Oh my gosh, this CD is one of the best I've ever owned.  The songs really do describe me so well. And the first time I heard Shiver, my favorite by far, I was so excited.  Hopefully the rest of the world will be introduced to this great band.
1559408898|5.0|I have been a fan of this film ever since i was seven years old(I am eighteen now)and i have never grow tired of it. The thing that made it apeal to mostly boys of yonug and old is that it presented a comic book future in a grity reality with realistic characters. Unlike the follow ups which were high camp hatchet jobs desined to make orion rich.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'm sure that many people like me look at the cover to this and say &quot;Oh, another of those rediculous _ Japanese _ Animation _ Videos _ &quot; and walk right past it. I must say, I too would have done that, had I not rented this video because of the all-star cast doing voice-overs of the original Japanese masterpiece. At first glance, when the movie begins, and you see a demon that resembles a pig covered in entrails, your first thought is &quot;Why?&quot; and then as the mysterious creature is shot by prince Ashitaka, and it's flesh melts from it's bones, you reach for the remote. Hey, it's what I did! But don't let the graffic opening sequence scare you into missing out on this great adventure.<br />I must say that, as compared to most Japanese animations, this has a relatively normal storyline. The Prince, Ashitaka, saves his tribe from a demon boar that is roaming the woods, and in return, the demon puts a curse on the young prince which will claim his life. He is bannished from his tribe, with no hope. Without despair, he journeys to Iron Town, in search of what cause the Demon to become such. It is there he meets the ruler of Iron Town, Lady Iboshi, and is introduced to San, or The Princess Mononoke, a girl who was raised by a Wolf God. San and Ashitaka form a friendship (or perhaps something more) and together, they try to bring down the Lady Iboshi, who plans to kill the Great Forest Spirit, who protects the Gods within it's forest. <br />This is one of the most BEAUTIFULLY animated movie I have ever seen, in truth. The landscapes were breath-taking, and would rival the great photography of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. The story is wonderfully told, and the characters are not only likable, but believable. Unlike many films, there are no &quot;Good Guys&quot; and &quot;Bad Guys&quot;. There are only people. Some misguided, some not. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves adventure, fantasy, and, oh yes, romance. It really was a great movie!
B00005AQF7|5.0|It's like everything he has done since has been trying to recapture what he did on this album. Younger sounding Snoop, funky Dre beats - very different from the beats Dre does now - and good appearances from the DPG. Improvement on The Chronic, I think, and the best example of gangster rap in the early 90s.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'm sure that many people like me look at the cover to this and say &quot;Oh, another of those rediculous _ Japanese _ Animation _ Videos _ &quot; and walk right past it. I must say, I too would have done that, had I not rented this video because of the all-star cast doing voice-overs of the original Japanese masterpiece. At first glance, when the movie begins, and you see a demon that resembles a pig covered in entrails, your first thought is &quot;Why?&quot; and then as the mysterious creature is shot by prince Ashitaka, and it's flesh melts from it's bones, you reach for the remote. Hey, it's what I did! But don't let the graffic opening sequence scare you into missing out on this great adventure.<br />I must say that, as compared to most Japanese animations, this has a relatively normal storyline. The Prince, Ashitaka, saves his tribe from a demon boar that is roaming the woods, and in return, the demon puts a curse on the young prince which will claim his life. He is bannished from his tribe, with no hope. Without despair, he journeys to Iron Town, in search of what cause the Demon to become such. It is there he meets the ruler of Iron Town, Lady Iboshi, and is introduced to San, or The Princess Mononoke, a girl who was raised by a Wolf God. San and Ashitaka form a friendship (or perhaps something more) and together, they try to bring down the Lady Iboshi, who plans to kill the Great Forest Spirit, who protects the Gods within it's forest. <br />This is one of the most BEAUTIFULLY animated movie I have ever seen, in truth. The landscapes were breath-taking, and would rival the great photography of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. The story is wonderfully told, and the characters are not only likable, but believable. Unlike many films, there are no &quot;Good Guys&quot; and &quot;Bad Guys&quot;. There are only people. Some misguided, some not. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves adventure, fantasy, and, oh yes, romance. It really was a great movie!
B0000039QA|5.0|This would be a classic album if it were 1cd but both cd's are packed with hits. Every time I here this cd it make me think of summer with hits like sky's the limit and more. If you haven't heard it I don't know were you been but buy it!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'm sure that many people like me look at the cover to this and say &quot;Oh, another of those rediculous _ Japanese _ Animation _ Videos _ &quot; and walk right past it. I must say, I too would have done that, had I not rented this video because of the all-star cast doing voice-overs of the original Japanese masterpiece. At first glance, when the movie begins, and you see a demon that resembles a pig covered in entrails, your first thought is &quot;Why?&quot; and then as the mysterious creature is shot by prince Ashitaka, and it's flesh melts from it's bones, you reach for the remote. Hey, it's what I did! But don't let the graffic opening sequence scare you into missing out on this great adventure.<br />I must say that, as compared to most Japanese animations, this has a relatively normal storyline. The Prince, Ashitaka, saves his tribe from a demon boar that is roaming the woods, and in return, the demon puts a curse on the young prince which will claim his life. He is bannished from his tribe, with no hope. Without despair, he journeys to Iron Town, in search of what cause the Demon to become such. It is there he meets the ruler of Iron Town, Lady Iboshi, and is introduced to San, or The Princess Mononoke, a girl who was raised by a Wolf God. San and Ashitaka form a friendship (or perhaps something more) and together, they try to bring down the Lady Iboshi, who plans to kill the Great Forest Spirit, who protects the Gods within it's forest. <br />This is one of the most BEAUTIFULLY animated movie I have ever seen, in truth. The landscapes were breath-taking, and would rival the great photography of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. The story is wonderfully told, and the characters are not only likable, but believable. Unlike many films, there are no &quot;Good Guys&quot; and &quot;Bad Guys&quot;. There are only people. Some misguided, some not. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves adventure, fantasy, and, oh yes, romance. It really was a great movie!
0812550757|4.0|After reading 3 novels in the Ender Saga, I jumped onto this one.  Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed in it. The storyline is pretty weak, the beginning is boring, and it just isn't as riveting and compelling as the other novels. <br />But this is of course in comparison to other novels in teh Ender Saga. When comparing to other unrelated Science Fiction novels, it shines. Card just has that great talent of writing.<br />Don't be intimidated by my review to purchase this book. I really did enjoy it, it was a great read, just not as great as perhaps Ender's Shadow or Shadow of the Hegemon. If you read Ender's Game and absolutely loved it, I recommend getting those two books before getting this one.
0316777722|5.0|My opinion is biased but also legitimate, because Sedaris is my favorite writer. I am an American who has lived in France, and so I have identified utterly and completely with his hilarious descriptions of learning French, putting it to use, and realizing the different planet that is France. But no matter what he is describing, Sedaris is hilarious. His word choice and the rhythm of his sentances propel the reader head first into laughing out loud. I cannot read Sedaris in public, because I collapse with giggles. Of all of his books, this is by far my favorite. Not only because of the French aspect, but because Sedaris has grown as an author with each book, and this one, being the latest, is the best. (The exception to this would be Barrel Fever, which I did not like...) So if you want your day to be brightened by undiluted hilarity, read this book. Or, even better, get the books on tape, where Sedaris' admittedly nasal voice adds another funny element.
B00000K29E|4.0|This is Big Brother and the Holding Company before Monterey Pop. The songs on this album are a bit more mellow and more folksy than those on Cheap Thrills. They're mostly very short songs with tight arrangements. With their appearance at the Monterey Pop Festival, Big Brother moved towards a harder, more guitar-driven sound as heard on Cheap Thrills.<br />Some of the highlights of this album are Bye Bye Baby, Call On Me, Light Is Faster Than Sound, and Blindman. Better versions of some of these songs, however, can be found on the Live At Winterland '68 CD. The Winterland version of Easy Rider, for example, is much better than this one. The same goes for Down On Me. I much prefer the harder rocking live version of Down On Me to this one. The album is pretty short so the bonus tracks are an added value, kind of.<br />A few complaints:<br />1. The cover artwork. They felt the need to add \\"Featuring Janis Joplin\\" to the cover. Same with the cover for Live At Winterland. The group was NOT called \\"Janis Joplin with Big Brother and the Holding Company\\".<br />2. The song lineup. The original track listing was as follows: Bye Bye Baby, Easy Rider, Intruder, Light Is Faster Than Sound, Call On Me, Coo-Coo, Women Is Losers, Blindman, Down On Me, Caterpillar, All Is Loneliness, The Last Time. I have no idea why they felt the need to take Coo-Coo and The Last Time out of order and pass them off as bonus tracks. With a programmable CD player, you can fix this error though.
B00005K9LK|4.0|After recently getting into Halford's 'resurrected' career, and having been a lover of his early 90's band Fight for quite some time, I decided that with the remasters emerging, it was as good a time as any to discover the Priest.  I picked Screaming for Vengeance because it had a good amount of material that I already knew on it and because many metal fans rave about this album as being one of the band's many highlights.  It is a great record.  Except for the truly awful Pain for Pleasure, this album never misses a beat.  Its got your rockers (Another Thing Comin', (Take These) Chains), some rippers (Electric Eye, Screaming for Vengeance) and your metal godsends (Bloodstone, Riding on the Wind).  As for the bonus tracks, Prisoner of your Eyes equals the greatness of the Halford version on his Insurrection disc, as the two have completely different choruses, which was a nice surprise.  The live version of Devil's Child is lovely, although I'd get the rest of the band into background vocal training immediately.  I'm very happy I picked this up, and look forward to acquiring a few more of these as they get released over the next year.
B000002IAZ|4.0|Does a group that only released three studio albums in their short lifespan really need a best-of compilation? If this is the only Buffalo Springfield CD that you buy, then you're really missing out. For the best of this great band, buy their debut and \\"Buffalo Springfield Again\\". For the same price as this CD you could own the wonderful \\"Again\\". Don't waste your money, but they albums!
B00003CXSP|2.0|Well, it does make sense if you see the movie.......<br />With the ongoing Kubrick klockwork kid controversy this sequel to &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; is a worthy rival. Where do you go when you've practically perfected a masterpiece although the book in both cases is much better? &quot;Silence&quot; unleashes all of those old primal urges that gets under one's skin -&quot;Hannibal&quot;? Not, sure, I am still machete-ing my way through this tome.<br />There are major script problems here which obviously affects the editing - trying to encapsulate too much into what is it? - just over two hours? We lose Starling's mentor in the book during a botched shootout [Scott Glenn / Jack Crawford] where is he in the movie? That would have made more sense for Starling's fall from grace. Hazelle Goodman as the doomed Evelda has brief, but effective moments, a good, strong presence, but wasted. Then there's Mason Verger - whatever happened to his sister? [Would have been great to see a kind of a &quot;Graceless Kelly on steroids type&quot; in this role,a missed opportunity for Mariel Hemingway she would have been a beauteous counterpoint to Gary Oldman's grotesquely disfigured &quot;in your face&quot; Mason Verger - AND AM I the only one who thought that this was the moonlighting Jim Carrey doing his &quot;Fireman Bob&quot; routine from the TV series &quot;In Living Color&quot;?] There's a general unspoken consensus that a great deal of film ended up on the cutting room floor - the future TV versions and &quot;Director's Cuts&quot; should be quite a revalation.<br />Sir Anthony Hopkins could have &quot;phoned&quot; this performance in - as a matter of fact he did that - quite a few times, and most effectively; BUT we deserve better from him. He seemed still lost in &quot;TITUS&quot; land - and the similarties are too close; the revenge cycle, the instant amputation of the hand, the carniverous dinner ...... we didn't learn anything new about &quot;Hannibal&quot; in this movie [there's so much more in the book]. Would be nice to pair him with O'Toole and Rod Steiger during a gourmet fest - a future treat! Perhaps in the potential remake of &quot;Red Dragon, first in the series.<br />The always versatile Ray Liotta, as Starling's brainless, macho boss is wasted in this part - Hannibal could have used him as a &quot;carry-on meal on wheels&quot; at the conclusion. All these missed opportunities, &quot;Hannibal&quot; perhaps bumping into a remaining &quot;Fat Lady&quot; in the gourmet store, or Julia Child for that matter [the Dan Ackroyd sketch - mute] on TV somewhere during the fatal banquet! Maybe even a Babe tribute with the Sicilian Hogs?<br />A waste - some of the movie [like the parson's egg] is quite good, the &quot;tentative&quot; meetings between Hannibal-Hopkins and the greedy, gutless, Giancarlo Giannini, who comes to a suitable [ Armani?] ending [so, the smoking would eventually have killed him]. Now, Francesca Neri as the Missus is rather fetching - a breath of clean air! The Italian cops are stereotyped, lots of pasta eating and crotch-grabbing so is the local crew for that matter.<br />Florence could have been CGI'd - just a little too murky.<br />Tech. values as usual with a Ridley Scott movie, are excellent. Humor? There is some dark humor present, but the look and style of this movie is too close to &quot;Gladiator&quot; [perhaps that's the &quot;TITUS&quot; connection?], more humor, no, I don't mean Zucker Brothers or Leslie Nielsen, that would be quite devine though!<br />The shoes? Well, Starling does get her expensive Italian shoes in this one - wrong bird though, [the superbly talented Julianne Moore aptly fills them], it's the wrong ball too, so NO BELLS!is movie [there's so much more in the book]. Would be nice to pair him with O'Toole and Rod Steiger during a gourmet fest - a future treat! Perhaps in the potential remake of &quot;Red Dragon, first in the series.<br />The always versatile Ray Liotta, as Starling's brainless, macho boss is wasted in this part - Hannibal could have used him as a &quot;carry-on meal on wheels&quot; at the conclusion. All these missed opportunities, &quot;Hannibal&quot; perhaps bumping into a remaining &quot;Fat Lady&quot; in the gourmet store, or Julia Child for that matter [the Dan Ackroyd sketch - mute] on TV somewhere during the fatal banquet! Maybe even a Babe tribute with the Sicilian Hogs?<br />A waste - some of the movie [like the parson's egg] is quite good, the &quot;tentative&quot; meetings between Hannibal-Hopkins and the greedy, gutless, Giancarlo Giannini, who comes to a suitable [ Armani?] ending [so, the smoking would eventually have killed him]. Now, Francesca Neri as the Missus is rather fetching - a breath of clean air! The Italian cops are stereotyped, lots of pasta eating and crotch-grabbing so is the local crew for that matter.<br />Florence could have been CGI'd - just a little too murky. <br />Tech. values as usual with a Ridley Scott movie, are excellent. Humor? There is some dark humor present, but the look and style of this movie is too close to &quot;Gladiator&quot; [perhaps that's the &quot;TITUS&quot; connection?], more humor, no, I don't mean Zucker Brothers or Leslie Nielsen, that would be quite devine though!<br />The shoes? Well, Starling does get her expensive Italian shoes in this one - wrong bird though, [the superbly talented Julianne Moore aptly fills them], it's the wrong ball too, so NO BELLS!
B00005BI94|1.0|Diamond Entertainment's DVD of 39 Steps is VHS (taped off a broadcast-TV late-late show in SLP mode) picture quality. Very soft. This is not what DVD is meant for. I can only comment on the Criterion Collection version for comparison. Criterion picture quality=9 out of 10, Diamond picture quality=3 out of 10 (10 being best). Save your money.
B00003CXRM|4.0|I rented this video on a recommendation from a relative.  She said that it was very funny, and I have to agree with her.  This movie is a quirky adventure which features three escaped convicts (George Clooney and his two bumbling counterparts) who experience an epic adventure together.<br />Overall, the plot is quite simple (as is many aspects of the movie), but it is full of interesting scenes and witty dialogue.  I was really surprised by how well that George Clooney pulled off his role, and how funny some of the rather bizarre scenes turn out.  The soundtrack was also quite good, which was a nice bonus, especially considering the fact that I am not a big bluegrass fan.<br />I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys offbeat comedy, especially with a Southern flair to it.  The movie is supposed to represent Mississippi back in the 30s, and pokes fun at some cultural icons from that era (to include the Klan).
B00003CX5P|4.0|The only fault is that this DVD doesn't include the more popular version: \\"Star Wars: The Phantom Edit\\" that gets rid of most scenes with Jar-Jar \\"why didn't they have mercy on us and let your species get killed\\" Binks.  I'll wait for the box set, maybe they'll include the edited version at that point.<br />Kill-kill Binks
B00005BL2A|4.0|At first listen, Exciter seems kind of boring, but like anything great, give it time to grow on you. After about 3 listens, I was hooked. Depeche Mode rules!!!
6300216268|5.0|This film was a bad car crash that turned out right.  The score was a terrible risk, how can you provide the feeling without going between string sections and the WB band.  The plot is slow.  Really slow.  Some novices (they were) assume you will pay enough attention to the film.<br />Forget the plot.  Maude is the &quot;never lost her inner child&quot;.  Harold is the legacy of &quot;responsibilty&quot;.  Kind of an obvious zen lesson.  However, the acting is superb.  The score was an obvious accident.<br />The appeal it has is eclectic.  Those who have ever felt that life is overrated (why not a Nick Drake score?).  Those who have so much vibrancy that they are forced to insanity in the face of despair (why not a Douglas Adam's screenplay?).<br />I don't think they could do this again on purpose.  Do you like the editting in &quot;All that Jazz&quot;?  This is better.  The cinematography (espicially facial close-ups) is good in only the ways a novice could take it to the limit.<br />Not everyone will like this film.  Those who have ever felt the sheer vivaciousness of being after a car wreck.  Those who somehow came to a dead end and gave up.  Those who have felt both.  This is not a film for everyone.  But for those who have ever felt deeply enough, this is a film of healing, introspection, and release.  &quot;While the sinners, sin; the children play&quot; - Harold doesn't even know his sin and is crushed, Maude forgives all and fogives the kingdoms.<br />If you have to watch it twice, and want to watch it thrice, odds are something happened right.  I even learned to like Cat Stevens.<br />I'm glad I did.
B00003CXRP|4.0|A brave depature from conventional hollywood films. Half the movie had no score, no music, almost no dialogue, and was just plain, honest film making. Of course the ending was terrible, but such is hollywood, they should have left him on the island. The day for night was a little funky too, don't know if I like it or not, and if you know what I'm talking about you will probably agree.
B00005AR3G|5.0|This DVD is so good!! For all ages from 10-17.  This is a favorite of my family... We all know and love the lines in it.  Funny yet it teaches your children about life.....and is very amusing!!!  If you buy this you will not regret it!!
B00003CXPD|5.0|At first I didn't want to see this movie, but I am glad that I did.  Like Billy, I had people that didn't think I should be a dancer because of certain reasons, not quite as severe as Billy though.  He found the courage to push everyone aside and go the distance.  I thought that Center Stage was a good movie filled with dancing and such, but Billy Elliot is better in my opinion because it shows that guys can have a passion to dance even more that girls.
0060930187|5.0|I love The Bell Jar..I thought it was such a good book. Some of it got pretty weird but when I was done reading it I thought it was one of those books that I would remember.
078401213X|5.0|Pi is a surreal trip of a movie, and from reading other reviews, you should know what it is about. The acting is great, the cinematography is great, and the plot is well thought out. Max's hallucinations are disorienting, but I imagine they were made to look that way. Pi is one of the few films that has actually made me say &quot;Ohhhhh God, Don't do THAT!&quot; or &quot;Go, Max, Run!&quot; (In the comfort of my own home, of course...)A few parts also made me want to cover my eyes, but Pi is so compelling, I don't. For me, it is a movie that should be enjoyed once in a while, because its unpredictability is what made it so gripping. My advice: Rent it, Watch it, Buy it. Its not a movie for everyone.
6304806426|5.0|Like any other European, Francophile or other kid, I grew up with Herges &quot;The adventures of TinTin&quot;. And while it took me a while I eventually realized that the reason I liked this movie so much was that it was a TinTin adventure. What with the airplanes in the desert (Le crabe aux pinces d'or), mysterious indians, crumbling towers, statues that get blown up (L'oraille casse)  well, it quite captures the milieu of the first part of the 20th century.<br />Therefore, highly recommended for fans of unadulterated romantic adventures.
B000059HAI|5.0|With all the hubub surrounding the latest (definitely not greatest) movie: PEARL HARBOR, one is once again drawn back to this excellent movie made in 1970. TORA! TORA! TORA! attempts to present as balanced a presentation, from both sides in the conflict, as historical documentation will allow ... irrespective of the turbulence the latest round of &quot;revisionist history&quot; is causing. The aerial battle scenes are so real, one is almost transported back in time to Pearl Harbor in 1941. Keep in mind that the planes one sees on the screen are REAL, not phoney looking computer graphic models (which resemble little toy machinations out of STAR WARS in the current PEARL HARBOR movie). A great deal of time, careful thought and research, and money went into the making of TORA! TORA! TORA! ... and it is apparent at every turn. One of my very favorite movies of WWII. It attempts to present at least some of the answers as to why that terrible event took place. Excellent presentation.
0790729628|3.0|The director's cut of Blade Runner is clearly the better of the two releases.  While I find Harrison Ford's performance simply adequate, the supporting cast, especially Rutger Hauer as the leader of the replicants, do a bang-up job.  My biggest gripe with the DVD version is that it's not in letterbox format.  It seems like a complete blunder to me.  Anyway it's still worth checking out.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is old-time music.  It is an acquired taste but, once acquired, it is intoxicating.  Except for track one, this is a top-notch collection of old-time tunes by talented performers (and, despite the impression the cover gives, I don't think George Clooney actually sings here).  Anyone who succumbed to the temptation of The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band's &quot;Will The Circle Be Unbroken&quot; of thirty years ago, as I did, will like this.  Track one's problem is the fake hammering (remember how the movie opens) which drowns out the singers, unfortunately.
B00000DHRX|5.0|&quot;Ladies &amp; Gentlemen&quot; is an AWESOME, AWESOME album!  George Michael has the some of the most prodigious songs out there... this is a MUST-HAVE greatest hits collection. Of course, you find &quot;Too Funky&quot; (the best song EVER!), &quot;Jesus to a Child&quot;, &quot;Father Figure&quot;, &quot;Faith&quot;, &quot;Freedom 90&quot;, &quot;One More Try&quot; and other wonderful classics in this profilic compilation of FANTASTIC MUSIC!  I rarely get a chance to find a versatile, melodious, undulating rollercoaster of CREATIVITY in an album, but this one fills the cup!  Need I say more?
B00003CXRM|5.0|First off, the brothers have amply compensated for the letdown of the &quot;Big Lebowski&quot;. We all, after all, know LA intimately through &quot;Starsky and Hutch&quot;.<br />OBWAT captures the American culture in a much more colorful and deeper way than &quot;Fargo&quot; does. It addresses governance; in some obvious ways, but also more subtly, alluding to the effects of the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA), with it's zeal for dam- building on the lives of landowners. Any reader/watcher of the popular &quot;Cadillac Desert&quot; book/PBS-series would catch that.<br />But what has this to do with Tarkovsky? Yes, what about the religious procession in the forest to the river? What about the hope and optimism that Clooneys character? The quest for redemption? Each is very evocative of scenes and major themes in Tarkovskys &quot;Andrey Rublev&quot;. No, I'm not accusing the Coens of plagiarism, but rather I'd like you to consider the parallels between the two diverse Russian and American cultures.
B00004XMTJ|4.0|I have watch this at least 10 time over the past few months, both on TV and computer screen. The voice recording is very clear. A little bit unrealistic because it is recorded separately from the actual dance video recording, lacking in tonal differences when the singer is dancing and moving about. Long angle (zoom) shots were dark, resulting in grainy video at a few places but most are colorful and visually pleasing. My major disappointment is on the missing &quot;Growltiger's Last Stand&quot; and &quot;Ballade of Billy McClaw&quot; pieces.
B00005JH7D|5.0|I bought this because of the reviews I had read. I love jazz, acid jazz and R&amp;B/funk. I had heard of Marcus Miller but never heard what he could do. I bought M2(M Squared)last week. What a solid cd, He is incredible, he is in the victor wooten catagory of redefining what a bass can do. &quot;boomerang&quot; is so smooth, if a bass could talk, it would sound like this. &quot;Three deuces&quot; moves grooves funky. &quot;ozell&quot; 1,2 and 3 parts is like crazy bad. I loved this album so much that I had to have more so I went and bought &quot;tales&quot; and &quot;The sun don't lie&quot;. His funk/jazz style is a perfect blend and is a must for jazz, acid jazz and R&amp;B lovers.
B00004TA41|5.0|John Coltrane's &quot;Interstellar Space&quot; is the best Jazz ever recorded. In a singular burst of feeling, not a note was missed. That sense of longing that threads it's way through what many may perceive as chaos reaches from the begining to the end without compromise. The space between the drum solo starting each cut and Coltrane's horn is like a halo of genius. He died young but not before firing all of his guns at once.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|One of the best movies of the year 2001 dances across the screen as &quot;Moulin Rouge,&quot; the latest film from director Baz Luhrmann, kicks it heels into the air and never stops moving, whether it be a stunningly photographed dance sequence or the sweet incantations of love and adoration. The movie takes a little time in gathering up momentum, but once it gets off the ground, the result is truly amazing and, overall, surprising. <br />In his previous outing, a new spin on the story of Romeo and Juliet, Luhrmann failed by keeping old age dialogue in a modern-day setting. Here, the setting is kept in Paris, 1900, in a section of the city where prostitutes and brothels line every street. Arriving to this desolation is Christian (Ewan McGregor), from England, who hopes to find inspiration for his writing. After meeting four unconventionally dressed men and befriending them, they devise a play together, and decide to take their proposal to the Moulin Rouge, Paris's most well-known hot spot. <br />In his beginning of the movie, including a fantastic opening sequence complete with parting curtain and newsreel titles, Luhrmann casts the city in a dark light, which is completely obliterated once we venture with Christian into the Moulin Rouge. Here, our visual virtuoso director brings on the style and visual acuity, and keeps it coming when you think you've seen all there is to see. With bursting colors, dazzling outfits, and beautifully choreographed dance and song numbers, this portrayal of the famed night club is the best to date.<br />Venturing into the club is a new experience for Christian, whose life is forever changed when he lays eyes on Satine (Nicole Kidman), the club's most popular courtesan. The club's owner, Zidler (Jim Broadbent), plans on using Satine's advances to gain an investment from the Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh). Through mistaken identity, Satine winds up seducing Christian, who begins speaking poetry until she realizes her folly. Once thereal duke arrives, the two of them, along with Zidler and Christian's friends, convince him to invest in a monumental play that would ultimately transform the club into a theatre. <br />The Duke, however, has his reservations. He demands that the deed to the Moulin Rouge be handed over to him, as well as Satine, who has become the object of his jealousy more than his affection. This puts complications on the romance between our two lovers, who soon must come to a crossroads. This, coupled with the fact that Satine is fatally ill, combines in a dizzy, frenzied climax of suspense, passion and truth. <br />All these characters come to life under some very intricate performances, in both the main and supporting casts. McGregor is full of emotion and depth, bringing to life Christian's overwhelming feelings of love for Satine. Kidman is able to carry off Satine's change of heart when she realizes she is in love with honest emotion, along with many other emotional twists along the way. Under the helm of Roxburgh, the Duke is the perfect villain, while Broadbent's Zidler is segues from manipulative to caring. <br />There are so many elements and filmmaking techniques to this film that are completely enamoring and full of vision. The photography and stylized visuals, for one, add to the fast pace of the movie where regular camera tricks would otherwise fail, while the setting-within-a-setting angle wonderfully contrasts the way in which the Moulin Rouge seems so exuberant while the rest of the city appears dull and lifeless. <br />But the real showcase for this film are the intense dance sequences, amazing costume designs, and a modernized soundtrack that shows no shame in showcasing songs from modern artists. This combination of the past and the present works quite nicely, taking such songs as &quot;Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend&quot; and &quot;Material Girl&quot; and combining them into a medley to accompany some eye-popping, breathtaking costumes and energetic can-can sequences. <br />The climax of the movie, without giving too much away, is magnificent, one of the best of its kind. It keeps us waiting in suspense, and even once that suspense subsides, the finale resolves in an emotionally charged tour de force of love and devotion. <br />Surpassing many other attempts to bring history and present-day culture together, &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is a film that deserves the praise it has received as well as more. Luhrmann has created a postmodern gem that brings out all of our emotions with its superb acting talent, magnificent visual style and visceral energy. One of the best films of the year!
B00003CXA4|5.0|This is what I call a classic of all times. It just can't be made any better. I own a VHS copy of it and am waiting for the DVD for two years now. I am sure Columbia will make it as nice as Lawrence of Arabia. <br />If you are a movie lover and like collecting movies don't waste $4 bucks renting it. Just BUY IT!!!
B00004Z459|5.0|I'm the type of person who would buy a CD if there's just one song on it I really like. For me, that song is &quot;Crawling&quot;...I love the screaming and the distorted guitars. Usually I prefer alternative rock and generally hate any rap-metal, past or present. But linkin park do a great job of mixing in the rap...not overpowering or trying to make it the focal point. I know nothing about the band really and haven't seen any videos either. I'm just going by the music and think there's not a bad song on the CD. I really like the first song too...cool intro.
0811806405|5.0|I had the good fortune to build my first guitar as a student in William Cumpiano's shop.  I am using the book to guide me through my second guitar project.  The book is an ideal mixture of theory, history, and detailed, step-by-step instruction.  Be sure to check William Cumpiano's web site for an improved method of attaching the neck he developed since the book was written.
0380973650|3.0|Fans of Jonathan Carrol will love the machinations of this book, but it does suffer some from a lack of focus, and while it has multiple plot lines it doesn't really integrate them very well.  It could well have explored some of the peripheral characters (mostly Gods and other supernatural beings) a little more, but it would have made for a very long book.  Plenty of room here for a sequel and, if it stayed more focused it could be really great.
B00005N5S5|5.0|&quot;The Terminator - Special Edition&quot; has been out on Region 4 for months now and it is a Great DVD. Deleted Scenes, Retrospective Trailers, the works. All I can say is it's about time.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'm sure that many people like me look at the cover to this and say &quot;Oh, another of those rediculous _ Japanese _ Animation _ Videos _ &quot; and walk right past it. I must say, I too would have done that, had I not rented this video because of the all-star cast doing voice-overs of the original Japanese masterpiece. At first glance, when the movie begins, and you see a demon that resembles a pig covered in entrails, your first thought is &quot;Why?&quot; and then as the mysterious creature is shot by prince Ashitaka, and it's flesh melts from it's bones, you reach for the remote. Hey, it's what I did! But don't let the graffic opening sequence scare you into missing out on this great adventure.<br />I must say that, as compared to most Japanese animations, this has a relatively normal storyline. The Prince, Ashitaka, saves his tribe from a demon boar that is roaming the woods, and in return, the demon puts a curse on the young prince which will claim his life. He is bannished from his tribe, with no hope. Without despair, he journeys to Iron Town, in search of what cause the Demon to become such. It is there he meets the ruler of Iron Town, Lady Iboshi, and is introduced to San, or The Princess Mononoke, a girl who was raised by a Wolf God. San and Ashitaka form a friendship (or perhaps something more) and together, they try to bring down the Lady Iboshi, who plans to kill the Great Forest Spirit, who protects the Gods within it's forest. <br />This is one of the most BEAUTIFULLY animated movie I have ever seen, in truth. The landscapes were breath-taking, and would rival the great photography of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. The story is wonderfully told, and the characters are not only likable, but believable. Unlike many films, there are no &quot;Good Guys&quot; and &quot;Bad Guys&quot;. There are only people. Some misguided, some not. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves adventure, fantasy, and, oh yes, romance. It really was a great movie!
B00003CY5K|5.0|reese gets dumped by her bf then learns that she can get into harvard to become a laeyer.then she learns beliving in ur self never goes out of style.
B00001U03Q|5.0|I've been a fan of Clapton's from early on, but his past year I've learned to really appreciate his talent.  A man who has had many ups and downs in his life and still has remained an incredible musician. The man has the talent and it is timeless! Seeing him live in concert just proved he is the greatest.  Enjoy this CD because he will put a smile on your face!
B00003CXRM|5.0|This was one of the best movies I've seen all year, and one of the funniest I've ever seen.  I'm wishing now that I had seen it in the theater.<br />Hurrah!  A movie where George Clooney plays a character that's not.... George Clooney!  I have never seen him surrender himself to a part with such totality.  He does outshine his compatriots somewhat, however that doesn't seem to be his acting as much as it is the vitality of his character.<br />Well written, acted and VERY funny.  Lot's of memorable lines.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is a great collection of songs. It covers so many different styles of music, I love it. It even has a few classical songs on it. My personal favorite is Comfortably Numb, mainly because of David Gilmour's brilliant solos. But I enjoy every other song too. The only problem that I could find is that they added two songs for the movie(Tigers Broke Free, What Shall We Do Now) which are great songs, but are very hard to find on cd. But I guess I can't knock the album for it. Definately something to check out.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry's &quot;The Giver&quot; is set in a time and place where almost all times and places are set.  The characters wrapped up in this gripping novel live in a utopian-like society.  Everything is planned.  Certain rules must always be followed.  Love does not exist to anyone but one solitary person, who still remembers.  Every one has a role in the community.  One person will be selected to receive the knowledge of the past.  But what will the giver of the information do with it?      I think that &quot;The Giver&quot; was an excellent novel.  The plot was well-developed and flowed easily.  However, the story did contain some suspense as to what would happen next. This made it very interesting to read.  The characters in &quot;The Giver&quot; are characterized well and are easy for the reader to relate to, as well as the situations.  However, the story is entirely fiction and completely imaginary...at least at this point in time.  This gives the reader room for his or her own thoughts on every topic discussed.  This is one novel that will keep a reader going, turning page after page, and not wanting to stop until they reach the back cover.
B0000214F2|1.0|I am not sure what is the bigger crime: -The acting in this movie -The fact that this is based on a true story -The fact that I paid money to see this. I have never been a Williams fan.  Nevertheless, his role as &quot;Popeye&quot; was more believable than this.  This movie puts a pox on the medical profession, suggesting that all one really needs for the practice of medicine is a good heart and a decent bedside manner. Let us completely dismiss the fact that this man was practicing medicine without licensure.  Show of hands from anyone who would accept the care of an unlicensed person because...he's nice.   Indeed, Joe Public may see this neat guy wearing a clown nose, making kids happy, and practicing at reduced or free costs.  The truth?  You have an unlicensed man practicing medicine.   The reviews are right on, this movie is entirely too predictible.  Leaving the film with a warm fuzzy feeling does not make it a solid showing.  With all due respect to those who really embrace this perspective, this movie makes it on my list of worst movies of all time.  Sorry!
0399134204|5.0|Wow, this is an amazing tale. I absolutely could not put it down. I stayed up until I finished it, even though I had to wake up early the next morning. I cannot recall reading such a story as this, I was definitely wooed. This is a simply written bittersweet saga of four Chinese women and their daughters.<br />I was enchanted by these wonderful and courageous women of the East from the very beginning. I could see and hear everything that they told. Their pain was my pain. Their joy, my joy. Amy Tan has a wondrous way of opening your eyes, so that you can see into the souls of these women. Never has the hardships of such seemingly frail women affected me so. I became riveted with anticipation of more to come.<br />I truly loved this tale of love and woe. All I can say, is if you have not read it, do so now. You will not regret it. In fact, I am positive, that you will never forget these enchanting people ever.
B000024D4R|5.0|Granted, Roger Waters' ego was giant at this point, but who cares? It's the music that matters, right? I enjoy every song on this album. Another thing is this album loses people because they don't understand what the songs are about. The &quot;animals&quot; in the songs are supposed to be metaphors for certain types of people. People may not enjoy this album, but if you're like me, who cares what other people think? Give it a listen sometime.
0671024256|5.0|The thing about Stephen King novels is you gotta find out how they end. The man can spin a yarn and tell a tale and leave you with something you didn't have. The Stand, The Shinning, Misery, The Green Mile, Shawshank Redemption, all are examples of stories that reached into my brain and left a shadow behind. On Writing is both a memoir and a funny, practical writing guide. He doesn't pull any punches when he lays out the true grit needed to crank out a book length novel.  When he was hit by the car, my first thought was that it was a deranged fan, an Annie or even a Carrie. As time went on and it was just another bad driver, it seemed even more Stephen Kingish in the very banal way it happened.  The most touching part of the book is his love and unwavering devotion to his wife. Very unusual to read a popular, wildly sucessful author give credit to his wife.  I'm also heartened to read how he overcome his demons and didn't lose the muse along the way.  Toss out all the other books on writing and keep your Strunk and White and this gem. And then, get thee to the key board. I'd go on but I've got to finish chapter 4....Thank you Mr. King.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry has created a marvelous novel in The Giver, one that received deserved attention at the time of its publishing (1994) and has only grown in reputation since.  This book addresses both the pleasure and pain of having the freedom of choice in society and society's constant need to force people to conform.  It has shades of 1984 and, especially, Brave New World but has much that feels new and potent.  The main hero, Jonas, is a marvelous creation and captures the reader from the start and carries them through to the exciting climax of the book.  This book will live on and will be endlessly debated by children for decades to come and will remain in the memory of every adult who ventured down this terrifying path in their childhood.
0440214041|5.0|This is the best Grisham book i have ever read. The story is great the characters are great and after you read it watch the movie because it is great too. Pretty much Supreme Justices are murdered amatuer law student Darby Shaw know who did it and writes up a brief about them. They find out now she is on the run trying not to get killed. This is a definate book that you will want to read not once not twice but prob 3 or 4 times.
B0000089FS|4.0|The definition of pure brilliant pop song crafstmanship. From the opening track with it's soulful backup singers &amp; onward to the beautiful Word in Spanish which makes nikita sound like a pathetic folk song. Mona lisa's &amp; mad hatters part two is the perfect sequel (a cynical view of today's world which is a far cry from the social times of it's predecessor on &quot;Honky Chateau&quot;. Perhaps the major flaw of this album (although there are few) is the album's major selling point &quot;I don't wanna go on with you like that&quot;, despite it's awesome piano playing the melody &amp; the lyrics are rather lame. Goodbye Marlon Brando shows the rocker at his nastiest &amp; best with honorable mention to &quot;poor cow&quot; all in all this album is most enjoyable &amp; is a definite must for any Elton fan.
0440219078|4.0|This book attempted to provide a narrative through a hypothetical future society( somewhat like Russian Commumism ) where many fundamental human modes of perception are abandoned in order to maintain &quot;sameness&quot; and alleviation of life's emotional and physical pain.  This future society hinges on the &quot;recievers&quot; who bear the burden of humanities past and provide eithical consult to the societies crafters to maintain equilibrium.  The main character is elected at age 12 to become the communities new &quot;reciever&quot;, and in turn learns the horrible truths of man's raw existence. Although well written despite the intended audience, the book was enlightening and a good read.  A rather annoying aspect was the littering of feminist thought that seemed rather artificial and contradictory to the other ideas presented.  For instance the main characters father is a &quot;nurturer&quot;, or someone whos job it is to care for infants( note here that instead of breastmilk, the babies are fed *formula* ).  The mother, however, maintains a lucrative job at the &quot;ministry of justice and law&quot;.  Also a obnioxiously repeated theme is the &quot;high dishonor&quot; that birthmothers are given in this society( the babies are disowned from the mother after birth and reassigned to the community &quot;pairs&quot; ).  I feel like these things were stuck into an otherwise interesting book as part of the authors more personal agenda. Reccomended to all people with a stomach for 60s feminism.
6300214710|5.0|Movies like this are what make one want to cry over the media-provoked labeling and fall of &quot;The Brat Pack&quot;.  The stars of the 1980s teen films were expected to form the next generation of great actors until Hollywood tore them apart and sent them scraping for whatever cable-movie parts they could get their hands on.  Though Pretty in Pink was more-or-less the swan song of John Hughes'-masterminded films, to this day it continues to bring in fans to the genre with it's sweet and simple poor girl/rich guy romance and the social issues therein.  Though star Molly Ringwald is occaisonally over-emotional in her portrayal of the girl from the wrong side of the tracks, it is not unfitting with her strong but somewhat neurotic character, Andie.  Andrew McCarthy, though of greater acting capability than he displays  here, still plays his rich but insecure Romeo (Blane) to a T, and is cute enough to make any teenage girl fall in love with him-despite the wierd eye thing.  Annie Potts and Harry Dean Stanton are both memorable in their roles of somewhat bizzare parental-type figures, as is a young James Spader as Blane's perfectly condescending best friend. However it is Jon Cryer, as Andie's best and besotted friend Phil &quot;Duckie&quot; Dale who truly steals the show with what is surely one of the top performances of Cryer's varied career.  Though on the outside this movie may appear to be pure teen fluff, the story has an endearing quality that will continually find it back in the VCR on any all night movie fest.
0316776963|4.0|This is one funny book!  I was reading it in bed one night and my laughter kept waking my husband.  When David and his partner hit France the laughs are almost non-stop.  If you need a good guffaw this should do it.
B000001EGE|5.0|From the first few honky tonk piano notes of Honky Cat you know that this is an album you can't do without! Because it only gets better, Mellow is perhaps the finest example of Elton's ability to make you feel exactly what he feels &amp; means. I think I'm going to kill myself is as enjoyable as it is humourous. Rocket Man is a magnificent masterpiece. Not only is it melancholic but it is so emotionally charged. Salvation makes you wish you were part of a Harlem choir, emotional soul at it's best. Mona lisas &amp; mad hatters is one of Bernie's most poignant lyrics, a very beautiful love song. The only thing which is a bit disappointing about this remaster is the one bonus track which is an alternate take of &quot;slave&quot;. This remastered version was fine intact however more bonus material could have made it even more indispensable.
0440234743|4.0|The book started off very quickly. The first night, I read about 100 pages without stopping....   However, the story slowed down. It was still very interesting, but there was a lot of information that really had no relevance to the underlying plot. The end of the story was predictable. Thankfully, the final part of the book was only 25 pages long and ended swiftly. As with nearly all of his books though, it is worth the read. I recommend it.
0064407667|5.0|This first `Unfortunate Events' books is just plain fun.  <br />Life for the Baudelaire takes a horrible turn to start the short novel when their parents are killed in a tragic fire.  Placed in the care of Count Olaf, they enter a new and horrible phase of their existence.  The deceitful Count tries any number of ways to cheat the children out of their inheritance in a wonderful deceitful series of misadventures.  <br />This book is just plain fun.  It's extremely quick reading and well-worth the time.  It's a clever contrast of the Victorian world of Edward Gorey and the crazy, twisted mind of Roald Dahl.
0226264017|5.0|I read this book twice in a week (its not that long, but requires some thought, and concentration). How one can possibly argue with the points Friedman makes is beyond me. Individual chapters address specific issues (suh as foreign trade, fiscal and monetary policy, and education) and he uses logic and simple math to &quot;prove&quot; his illustrations.  The idea is that people certainly would chose freedom over slavery (socialism), and that any unnecessary governmental intervention threatens freedom. Political freedom is only attainable through capitalism (leave the markets alone {S=D}).
B000001EXB|5.0|A 5 star rating usually infers that an album is flawless as a whole. This album is not flawless but nonetheless it deserves 5 stars (as far as I'm concerned). Perhaps Elton's best musical work since the early 1980's. Emotional, haunting, sober, melancholic &amp; extremely open hearted sentiments are beared out for all to see here. This is not a party album but stands up as one of Elton's best work ever. The 5 stars are a result of &quot;long way from happiness&quot; &quot;live like horses&quot; &quot;end will come&quot; &quot;if the river can bend&quot; the beautiful &quot;love's got a lot to answer for&quot; &quot;big picture&quot; (such a beautiful lyric &amp; vocal performance worthy of an &quot;oscar&quot;) and of course the wicked &amp; fun &quot;wicked dreams&quot; (hence my handle). Makes you anxious for Sir's future work cause we truly are on the road to happiness as far as Elton fans are concerned. The best may be yet to come as unbelievable as that may seem...
0312954468|5.0|Until this book, I had not really given much thought to reading fictional accounts of the ancient Egyptians. This was a great book. I thoroughly enjoyed it. <br />The characters were well thought out and described. The story (as with all his books) was well put together and included plenty of detail describing the events and cricumstances of the day. I plan on getting the second book of the series very soon.
B00003CX9E|4.0|Widely, and perhaps unfairly, recognized as the greatest movie ever made, Citizen Kane is undoubtably a landmark for its technological innovations.  Although both the story and the special effects do not come close to matching the best that is avialble today, in its time, Citizen Kane was a giant.  A lot of this has to do with the unique storytelling method of using flashbacks.  Virtually the whole story comes across as a reporter, in a futile attempt to discover the identity of the mysterious &quot;rosebud,&quot; makes a series of interviews.  One could argue that the non-chronological structure that results is a predicessor to movies such as &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; and &quot;Memento.&quot;  Another dramatic inovation in &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is the dramatic use of lighting.  Legend has it that Orson Welles simply was unaware of the conventions at the time and simply ran around setting things up the way he felt they would be most effective with a team of bewildered technicians following him and correcting his minor flaws.  The end result of the effort is a film that looks totally different than anything that came before it both visually and scriptwise.  Although both of these advancements represent the kind of itellectual leap indicitive of genius, it is ridiculous to assume on these grounds that &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is actually a better movie than something like &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;The Godfather.&quot;  Although neither of those movies might have been made without it, they have definately carried the baton to much greater heights than even &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; could have concieved.   Essentially &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is a movie that is past its time.  The same thing will happen to &quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;The Godfather&quot; and every other movie ever made.  For those of you who appreciate involved, creative filmmaking, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; will always be a masterpice with abundant characteristics to support its title as the greatest film ever made.  But if you are just a recreational movie fan, be wary of that claim because it is far more likely you will be much more emotionally engaged in a more modern film.
B000001EXB|5.0|A 5 star rating usually infers that an album is flawless as a whole. This album is not flawless but nonetheless it deserves 5 stars (as far as I'm concerned). Perhaps Elton's best musical work since the early 1980's. Emotional, haunting, sober, melancholic &amp; extremely open hearted sentiments are beared out for all to see here. This is not a party album but stands up as one of Elton's best work ever. The 5 stars are a result of &quot;long way from happiness&quot; &quot;live like horses&quot; &quot;end will come&quot; &quot;if the river can bend&quot; the beautiful &quot;love's got a lot to answer for&quot; &quot;big picture&quot; (such a beautiful lyric &amp; vocal performance worthy of an &quot;oscar&quot;) and of course the wicked &amp; fun &quot;wicked dreams&quot; (hence my handle). Makes you anxious for Sir's future work cause we truly are on the road to happiness as far as Elton fans are concerned. The best may be yet to come as unbelievable as that may seem...
0393312836|5.0|Here I sit, a 16 year old girl, having just finished &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; for the second time.  I always have been fascinated with books that are written in a way that many people wouldn't understand.  This particular book is written in a rather strange language, specifically the way Alex and his droogs talk, is quite interesting and surprisingly clever to me.  Occasionally I'll find myself telling my mom that the mac and cheese is &quot;real horrorshow&quot; or asking my friends if they want a cup of &quot;chai&quot;.  <br />&quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; raises an important question that is more valid now, perhaps, than it has ever been before.  Is a man who chooses to do bad things any worse than a man who hasn't the ability to do nasty things.  In a time when technology is altering lives, and medications can be taken to change your feelings and perceptions of reality, maybe we aren't that far from real &quot;Clockwork Oranges&quot;.  In the story, Alex is only a teenager, but he commits horrific acts of violence that are still shocking, even in our day and age.  Alex is then arrested, and goes through treatment to make sure that he never commits an act of violence again.  After Alex finds that he's not able to function properly in society, something has to be done.<br />This is an amazing book, and a must read for anyone and everyone.  The added last chapter in this book makes it much, much better and completes the story the way it should've been in the first edition.  A book to read for the real and dedicated readers out there.
B00003CX5P|4.0|As with all Star Wars (or science fiction) movies, the critics were way too harsh in casting judgement on the Phantom Menace.  Before you can really make an accurate apprasial of how effective this movie was, you have to distance yourself from the expectations generated by the brilliant original Star Wars Trilogy.  In making the Phantom Menace, Lucas had the difficult problem of being true to the original while still statisfying the expectations of a more modern audience.  On top of that, there were certain things that had to be said, set-up, and introduced in the Phantom Menace to provide groundwork for later sequels.  Considering how many objects Lucas was juggling, he did a tremendous job. The Phantom Menace looks as technologicly beautiful as any movie ever made.  The special effects are amazing and, at least in this category, the Phantom Menace far outpaces the original series.  Every scene is spectacular on a scope the original trilogy could only dream of.  There are a myriad of bizzare and interesting characters floating, not just in the center of the frame, but around the corners in flashes and only for split seconds.  Just that aspect alone warrants multiple viewings. The performances are rock solid, Liam Neeson is perfect in the role of a jedi master, and takes his cues with an appreciative nod to the great Alec Guiness whose performance as the original Obi-Wan Kenobi is the backbone of the whole star wars series.  Ewan McGreggor is marvelous too and it will be very entertaining to see him in an expanded role in the further sequels. The criticisms of this film have been that the characters are too two dimensional, that the plot is too similar to the origninals, and that too much of the action takes place in a political forum.  My answer is that the characters are developed, it is just done extremely subtly and with minor gestures and choice of words rather than in-your-face gestures, certain plotlines are similar but in an attempt to make the movie true tothe originals some overlap is inevitable, and the political aspect is, and has always been, a major component in this fantasy series and so was unavoidable.   In short, the Phantom Menace is a spectacular movie.  Although it doesn't quite capture the nostalgia of the original Star Wars, it suceeds admirably in continuing the story without disturbing the pedistal the first movies established.  As with all Star Wars movies, there is a lot more subtly going on than any critic is likely to recognize.  Furthermore, it is unfair to judge the Phanom Menace after only one or two viewings when most people have seen the original trilogy numerous times and have picked up every little nuance and detail.  The original series seems rich on the strength of those multiple viewings and multiple discoveries, it is unfair to consider the Phantom Menace less until it has been given an equal examination.
B000001EGA|5.0|This album was released at the peak of Sir Elton's career &amp; it hold's it's mark as one of the best albums of Sir &amp; Bernie's long &amp; fruitfull collaborations. Meal Ticket is one of EJ's best rockers despite the fact that is wasn't released as a single. The title track is Americana Pop at it's finest, bitter fingers-tower of bable &amp; better off dead are are as powerful tracks as they are self sarcastic. The unmistakable gems of this album (aside from the title track) are unmistakenably the autobiographical &quot;someone saved my life tonight&quot; the haunting and emotional &quot;we all fall in love sometimes with curtains as it's climax. Additonally with the addition of the classic mega singles &quot;philadelphia freedom &amp; the best cover in the world ever &quot;lucy in the sky with diamonds&quot; this album is one of the 5 best of Sir's marvelous legacy.
0425152251|4.0|Sophie's World is a fascinating, easy to read fable, for those readers interested in the history and evolution of thought. It covers all the important philosophers and their theories, who have lived throughout the past 3000 years, helpfully in chronological order.<br />The author manages to evaluate and simplify complicated ideas, by writing very cleverly through the eyes and understanding, of a 15 year old girl in Norway - Sophie. The plot is a little weak and you may find, as I did, that you are almost skipping through the storyline to get to the next informative block of insight. But overall, this book is a wonderful introduction to the development of thought through the ages.<br />I learnt more from reading these 400 pages, than perhaps I have from reading any other book. The information it contains is simply captivating. An absolute must-read for anyone studying philosophy, or anyone interested in the age old questions, &quot;Who am I, where did I come from and, why am I here?&quot;.<br />Finally, a book that includes Religion, History, Science, AND Spirituality, as inter-related topics that can help us aquire a knowledge and understanding of our own evolution. A stimulating read!
B00004U8H4|4.0|I usually pride myself on being able to understand a movie absolutely with one viewing.  I'm a former English Literature major and I simply assumed that I had developed my ability to pick up on all the standard movie conventions to a relatively sophisticated level.  But this film totally confused me.  After my first viewing I thought it was needlessly violent and over the top with no purpose.  But even though my initial reaction was negative, the images of the movie stayed with me and it was only after about a six month gestation period of sub-conscious reflection that I realized what the film was actually trying to accomplish.  I watched it again and realized to my untter astonishment that American Psycho is a witty, piercing satire, sometimes hilarious, sometimes terrifying, and always brilliant.  The best way to describe the movie is &quot;Fight Club&quot; with no pulled punches.  I am one of many that felt &quot;Fight Club&quot; was brilliant and I still consider it a slightly more rewarding movie than Psycho, but Psycho covers ground even &quot;Fight Club&quot; shied away from, it is disturbing, but nonetheless, it needed to be said.  The problem with Psycho, and what makes the satire so difficult to percieve, is that there are virtually no hints that the opposite of every presented scene is actually meant.  The movie is a criticism of our materialist culture, everybody is ultra-refined and meticulously groomed to the point where they look like they've just stepped off the front cover of a magazine and because they all look so similar (in one of the subtle humourous conventions that indicates the movie is a satire) nobody can keep anybody else's identy straight.  This misidentification allows Patrick Bateman (Played wonderfully by Christian Bale) to plan a series of murders in which he provides an alibi for himself by assuming the identity of one of the people he kills.  The obvious problem with this plan is that people mistake him for himself when he is disguised as somebody else.  I think the main reason I missed out on the humor of this film is that it walks so near to the ridiculous line that society toes anyway.  For example, it is almost impossible to make a satire on an action movie because action movies are so ridiculously exagurated to begin with.  But that is why American Psycho is brilliant, it puts a magnifying glass on a part of society we overlook and brings it into its horrific focus using primarilly the ideas that the society espouses itself.  The film is a tremendous artistic achievement and it is important that audiences don't give up on it too soon.  Like &quot;Fight Club,&quot; until you know what the movie is trying to achieve, it is an uncomfortable viewing experience.  But once you understand it, you see that the blood and the violence is totally necessary and justified in making a responsible comment about the ills of society that most immediatly need to be rectified.
068485743X|5.0|In the future, when I'm asked which is the most important book I've ever read, without doubt I'll answer \\"The First Five Pages\\".  It's incredible how this little book - only 209 pages! - can show you, with such sincerity, the clues to uncover bad writing, specially when we think we are masters of the craft.  I'm happy that at last someone took the TIME to tell me - indirectly - why my manuscripts keep getting rejected, and moreover, how to correct this situation.   Highly recommendable!
B00005BL2A|5.0|DM continues to experiment with music.  Each album is in a different style.  This one, I think, is better than Ultra.  Violator is still my favorite, but this one is very close to become my favorite.  If you are a long-time DM fan, you will not regret about bying Exciter.
B000003N7K|4.0|I loved this record, but the ammounts of schmaltz in there can clog your ears. It's just too smooth, arrangements bordering on corny. But the ladies seem to love it just fine, so who am I to complain?
B000002U6E|5.0|Maybe I'm just biased because I've been a huge Enigma fan for 9 years now, but this CD is wonderful.<br />     Enigma has this amazing ability to reach deep into your soul with their haunting, mysterious and beautiful music.<br />     I highly recommend any Enigma CD for relaxation, for coreography, and meditation.<br />     There are so many great tracks on this CD, including the famous &quot;Return to Innocence&quot;, I can't really recommend one over another.
0060977493|5.0|Arundhati Roy's  'The God of Small things' is indeed a delightful reading. Through her powerful narration and captivating stories, she is introducing to the English reader a world not so familiar.  The novel begins in the prestigious homestead of Ayemenem House in Kerala, India, builds up as the story of a pair of 'two-egg twins' and ends with the gruesome tale of Paravan Velutha, the god of small things. All the happenings are in the backdrop of the falling apart of a family, disintegration of Ayemenem House, growth of Marxist unionism and the Paradise Pickles &amp; Preserves locked out. It is a beautiful canvass of the life in Kerala, a unique state in the Indian union with prevalent Christianity, high rate literacy and growing communist ideology.  Roy is also a gifted artist in the use of English language with its poetic and rhythmic movements.  This book should be highly recommended as the first reading to anybody who wants to learn about Kerala.
6304711905|5.0|This movie is very powerful.  It tells the story of Wyatt Earp, Doc Holiday and the famous scene at the OK Corall.<br />The scene in the movie with the shooting at the OK Corall is depicted exactly as it happened, to a T, according to court papers.  When I learned that, I was so in awe of the film, especially this scene, all though it was a terrible thing that happened.<br />I absolutely love Val Kilmer's performance as Doc Holiday.  And I'm appaled he was never even nominated for an Oscar!  He should have won the Oscar!<br />This part, as well as his role as Jim Morrison in Oliver Stone's The Doors, prooves that Kilmer is a very, very talented man who moreless &quot;becomes&quot; a character, rather than merely plays it.<br />I also loved Kurt Russle as Wyatt Earp.  I much prefer Tombstone and the actors in it, to Wyatt Earp with Kevin Costner.  <br />I saw Wyatt Earp after Tombstone and it just didn't seem right.<br />This is a wonderful movie with wonderful talent, but, it's very violent, of course.
B000003TAR|5.0|The follow up to their breakthrough album NEVERMIND, IN UTERO found Kobain &amp; company embracing a much rawer, harsher sound, courtesy of its producer, infamous noisemaker Steve Albini, that not only recalled their past and the roots of the entire grunge movement, but the spirit of that movement's predecessor, the early stages of punk and hardcore.  But despite this much more abrasive and violent sound, the beauty of Nirvana's work is still there, just buried under layers of squealing guitars and fuzzy sounds that Albini creates.  But another feature that shows this album's beauty is that it seems to paint a much more honest, acurate representation of who the band's members were and what their music was: a group of self-described losers who were depressed and angry at the world who created music that said just that.<br />Though the album's sound is probably the most initially uninviting of all the band's albums, it still cannot mask the band's melodic tendencies and appeal that was created by the paradox of the band.  They loved punk rock and bands like the Butthole Surfers, BIg Black ( Albini's old band ), Black Flag, and Sonic Youth, but they also loved bands like the Beatles, R.E.M., Creedence Clearwater Revival, and even blues artists like Leadbelly, and all of these influences show in the strange yet brilliant mix that made the band such geniuses.  Even the sound team on the album shows this: the album may have been prodeced by Steve Albini, but it was remastered by Scott Litt, R.E.M's producer.  And so, the differing tendencies are fighting eachother all the way through the album: the melodies and songwriting are breathtakingly beautiful, but all of them are covered in sheets of volume and noise, with the exception of ' Dumb ' and ' All Apologies, ' two softer pieces accompanied by cello that still retain the haunting, raw edge of the album.  This is very similar to the the band's post-Nevermind carrear: they loved music, they loved playing, but they hated their pop stardom that sprung upon them, and they hated many of the new fans that came to them who were the type of people that they wanted to reject and offend with their music in the first place.  And so, not sure where they were in their lives, and with their singer/guitarist/songwriter mired in suicidal depression and heroin addiction, named the unwilling spokesperson of a generation and on the verge of self destruction, they created a masterpiece that showed who they really were better then any of their other records, and probably even better then they meant it to.  And with a stunning piece like this standing as their last studio album, it is very easy to say that what would have come afterwords would have been even greater, but it is probably true that if the band was not on the verge of imploding in on itself, they never could have made something so hauntingly and destructively beautiful.<br />At least we will always have these albums as a testament to the greatness of the band and Kurt Kobain, even if they are not around today.
B000002URV|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite albums.  I heard the song &quot;Saddness&quot; (track 2) on the radio and just had to have it to skate to.  Except, I didn't know the name of the group who produced it.        It was a year or so later when `94 Gold Medal Olympic Ice Skating champion Oksana Baiul (sp?) skated to this song in a t.v. special, that I finally heard the name of the group that did this awesome song.  Oksana and I had the same idea.<br />    It prooves that this song is full of emotion and great rhythm.  I think the whole CD is aboslutely wonderful.  It's spiritual, it's mystical, it will completely capture your soul.  <br />    The best tracks are 2 (&quot;Saddness&quot;) and 4.<br />     And well, I've been a huge Enigma fan for years now.
B000003TAR|5.0|The follow up to their breakthrough album NEVERMIND, IN UTERO found Kobain &amp; company embracing a much rawer, harsher sound, courtesy of its producer, infamous noisemaker Steve Albini, that not only recalled their past and the roots of the entire grunge movement, but the spirit of that movement's predecessor, the early stages of punk and hardcore.  But despite this much more abrasive and violent sound, the beauty of Nirvana's work is still there, just buried under layers of squealing guitars and fuzzy sounds that Albini creates.  But another feature that shows this album's beauty is that it seems to paint a much more honest, acurate representation of who the band's members were and what their music was: a group of self-described losers who were depressed and angry at the world who created music that said just that.<br />Though the album's sound is probably the most initially uninviting of all the band's albums, it still cannot mask the band's melodic tendencies and appeal that was created by the paradox of the band.  They loved punk rock and bands like the Butthole Surfers, BIg Black ( Albini's old band ), Black Flag, and Sonic Youth, but they also loved bands like the Beatles, R.E.M., Creedence Clearwater Revival, and even blues artists like Leadbelly, and all of these influences show in the strange yet brilliant mix that made the band such geniuses.  Even the sound team on the album shows this: the album may have been prodeced by Steve Albini, but it was remastered by Scott Litt, R.E.M's producer.  And so, the differing tendencies are fighting eachother all the way through the album: the melodies and songwriting are breathtakingly beautiful, but all of them are covered in sheets of volume and noise, with the exception of ' Dumb ' and ' All Apologies, ' two softer pieces accompanied by cello that still retain the haunting, raw edge of the album.  This is very similar to the the band's post-Nevermind carrear: they loved music, they loved playing, but they hated their pop stardom that sprung upon them, and they hated many of the new fans that came to them who were the type of people that they wanted to reject and offend with their music in the first place.  And so, not sure where they were in their lives, and with their singer/guitarist/songwriter mired in suicidal depression and heroin addiction, named the unwilling spokesperson of a generation and on the verge of self destruction, they created a masterpiece that showed who they really were better then any of their other records, and probably even better then they meant it to.  And with a stunning piece like this standing as their last studio album, it is very easy to say that what would have come afterwords would have been even greater, but it is probably true that if the band was not on the verge of imploding in on itself, they never could have made something so hauntingly and destructively beautiful.<br />At least we will always have these albums as a testament to the greatness of the band and Kurt Kobain, even if they are not around today.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Nicole, Nicole, I love you Nicole !  Wow, this movie is super great and wonderful !  Nicole looks incredibly beautiful and her acting is superb.  Ewan McGregor looks very handsome and his acting is great too.  The scene of the old guy singing Madonna's \\"Like a virgin\\" is great.  You will laugh like never before.  If you love theater and musicals and supreme beauty, go and see this marvelous movie.  You will buy the VHS or DVD as soon as it's available.<br />Nicole, you are an angel !
B00004XOWM|1.0|ok,what the hell is this? This can't even be considered an album i mean, this has to be the biggest disapointment ever, i bought this thinking it would be ok, but after listening to it i am embarassed to put it in my collection next to sabbath or nirvana,i wouldn't even put this next to my sisters britney spears cd's, an absolute-MUST-NOT-BUY
B00003CXDZ|5.0|If you haven't already seen Moulin Rouge, you'd better hurry 'cos it doesn't look like it will be around much longer!  I'm already having withdrawl symptoms after seeing it more times than I care to say - and will see it as many times as I can as long as it is in the theaters!!<br />What can I say about this film that hasn't already been said?  It is an amazing, fantastic, spectacular roller coaster ride of emotions that will leave you breathless and running back for more.  Moulin Rouge IS unlike any movie you have ever been to, but more than that is an EXPERIENCE.  You cannot just watch this film and appreciate all the varied aspects - its something you have to FEEL.  Unfortunately, there are those who just don't get it and I feel sad for them because of what they are missing.  <br />Thank you, thank you to all the cast &amp; crew, but especially Baz who is a pure genius!!  Also to Nicole and Ewan (who is such a cutie you'll fall in love!).  They put their hearts &amp; souls into this movie and it shows.  It is a Spectacular spectacle of color, music, truth, beauty, freedom - and above all things - LOVE!  Love is like oxygen, love is a many splendored thing, all you need is LOVE!  Okay, I'm getting carried away.<br />Be sure to get the CD - it will hold you over between theater visits - and until the DVD/Video comes out! (Now I have to go &amp; buy a DVD player!!)  What else can I say, but go see it AGAIN &amp; AGAIN while you still can-can!!
B00004SU5J|5.0|This is one of the best all around albums I have ever bought!  I'm not normally into &quot;dance&quot; music, but I like jazz, and this shows a perfect and natural blend of both genres into a very tight mix, smooth flowing sound.  I had no idea anyone had thought to incorporate the two sounds together; but upon hearing the first four songs of this album at a music store, I bought it right then and there.  The album is solid from start to finish, catchy, but not poppy, and just packed full of a variety of sounds that will have you relaxing with your eyes closed as the music slides over you one minute, and up grooving and dancing the next.  It will stick in your head and you won't regret a moment of it!  If you don't buy it, you're missing out.
0451169514|5.0|Just couldn't put this book down - certainly one of King's finest. The story itself is excellent. The Losers will really touch you. I especially like little Ben Hanscom, so chubby , polite, helpful and so much in love with Beverly Marsh. The portrayal of the Monster &quot;IT' is also excellent - you could almost see this monster yourself. Wonderful book by a wonderful storyteller.
6303022901|1.0|I read the book and it was enjoyable. But in movie form, it was not. When I read the book, I could visualize the characters having their flashbacks to childhood. But in the movie, it was too disjointed. I did not feel a connection to the grown up and to the flashback child. It just seemed like a jumble of too many little stories.<br />And I have no idea why they had to weaken the two most powerful and interesting stories in the book. First, they watered down the story of the women whose husband leaves her--and gave her a child to boot. That was really the best story, of how she grows to stick up for herself, but it the movie, it was some stupid hogwash. Second, about the mother who abandons the twins in China. In the movie, they make it so that the mother just laid down and thought she was dying, and then woke up to find her twins gone. That changed the whole scenario, of why this woman was wracked with guilt for all of these years. She abandoned the babies because she couldn't carry them anymore. <br />I don't know why this is necessary to do this in movies. Maybe if I hadn't read the book, I wouldn't care--but then, if I hadn't read the book, I wouldn't have had a clue what was going on. Sorry, but I felt no emotion watching this. The characters didn't last long enough on screen for you to care about them.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Simply put- Best soundtrack of the Year!  All the songs are excellent, even that one, ya know, the one they play all the time! Though the producers forgoe some excellent songs from the movie (Like a Virgin, The Show must go on) it's still very good. Personal favorites...Well all of them, especially Your Song and Elephant Love Meledy. Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman are extrordinary singers for actors, especially the latter. In Your song, he really shows his talent. Beck, U2's Bono and David Bowie are nice additions to complete this PERFECT soundtrack. Hasn't left my CD player for 3 weeks!
B0000024IE|5.0|Back before there was East Coast and West Coast, Public Enemy were THE important artists in rap and this was their best CD. &quot;Welcome to the Terrordome&quot; is a classic in any genre, and &quot;911 Is a Joke&quot; is another gem. The whole CD holds together as one programmed piece of eloquent socio-politics and sonic art. One CD that every rock (let alone rap or hip-hop) fan should own.
B0000041XX|5.0|If you have never been exposed to Opera, you will want to start with The Three Tenors! This concert is possibly the best, of the series of concerts they have done!  The Tenors are warm, and accesible, they please and charm the average ear, and end up proving that Opera is for everyone! One would have to be dead to not fall in love with Opera through this endeavor! Some may discrimiate against the popular songs included, but they are to be enjoyed in the spirit of fun and passion they are presented in! The competitive spirit of the Tenors is something to relish in!<br />Who cares if the English is mis-pronounced? If anything, it adds to the charm! Don't be the only one to not see, and hear this event of a lifetime! I give this cd(or dvd) as a gift, as often as I can!
B00005BF9Z|4.0|Clandestino was a great classic piece of work. Don't expect Esperanza to be of the same quality. It is a really good album but not that classic. My favorite songs are Mr. Bobby &amp; Infinita Tristeza.
044022425X|5.0|The time travel episodes in Drums of Autumn and the preceding three novels of this series were written so I felt as though I traveled along with the characters through the mysterious stone circle in Scotland.  The sensory descriptions left me feeling this process was entirely possible.  In spite of the speculation by the characters over what is actually the catalyst that allows them to step through into time, it is believable in the way it was written.<br />There is another mystery that accompanies this unfolding saga in the lives of the two main characters.  Jamie and Claire share a connection that transcends all obstacles.  This is heartening and hopeful to a reader who would wish for such a deep and abiding love relationship. This surely must be the impetus that pulls readers to want more of this series in spite of some of the annoying behavior of Jamie and Claire's daughter, Brianna.<br />As other readers have said, Brianna seems to be spoiled and throws tantrums that embarrass me to read.  Her pencant for name calling is really disgusting.  In her anger, she does not hesitate to use words that I doubt very much she would have gotten away with during her upbringing.  Where did this all come from?  How can she, when provoked, call the man she loves and the man she learns is her father names that you would not expect to hear from the mouth of a young girl of that time. She supposedly grew up in modern times with two very respectable parents who would have seen to the training of a young lady.  Instead she comes off as a gutter mouth.  I was troubled by this unbelievable handling of this character.<br />I sincerely hope the author finds a way to straighten Brianna out if she continues to appear in the next book. I can't believe that her unforgiving and stubborn behavior comes from her heritage or from the stress of traveling into a strange new world where life is harsh.  It did not seem to affect her mother that way.<br />Claire has a presence as she matures that is worthy of the man of honor who is her husband.  Jamie is one of the most incredible heros in a novel of this kind I have ever read about.  It's easy to feel sympathetic to Jamie and Claire and therein lies the answer to the mystery.  We love them and want to continue to know them. I will buy any book that is written in this series.s worthy of the man of honor who is her husband.  Jamie is one of the most incredible heros in a novel of this kind I have ever read about.  It's easy to feel sympathetic to Jamie and Claire and therein lies the answer to the mystery.  We love them and want to continue to know them. I will buy any book that is written in this series.
B00000373U|5.0|You either get some of Smith's very best songs (&quot;Angeles&quot;, &quot;Between the Bars&quot;, &quot;Say Yes&quot;, &quot;Ballad of Big Nothing&quot;), or some of his very worst (&quot;Cupids Trick&quot;, &quot;No Name #5&quot;, &quot;Rose Parade&quot;) on this album.  But since Smith's worst songs are better than 95% of what's out there, and since the great ones are classics, Either/Or warrants 5 stars.
B00005B4GU|5.0|More accessible than Kid A but not nearly as accessible as The Bends. This album focuses more on song structure than Kid A, less on electronica and creates a very happy medium without sounding like a &quot;medium&quot;. Basically every song on the album is great, with my favorites being 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 11. i definitely recommend this album to anyone searching for something complex, creative and new. just listen to the album and give it a chance to reach in and grow on you will...it will, i'm almost positive.<br />btw, i just read a review referencing people hating &quot;pulk/pull revolving doors&quot; because it's not great music. imo it's not meant to be an actual song...sort of like &quot;fitter happier, more productive&quot; wasn't a real song on ok computer. at least that's what i've always thought about pulk/pull... so...yeah.<br />it's an incredible album. radiohead's darkest, most emotionally deep and complex album yet, imo... get it.
0671027573|5.0|Jaine Bright and her three friends were enjoying themselves at their favorite restaurant where they met every Friday when they jokingly came up with The List, a list of attributes they wanted in Mr. Perfect. Marci scribbled The List down on a notepad for future reference. Little did they dream that when a co-worker asked Marci for The List, Dawna would publish it in the company newsletter and later on-line. <br />Things begin to get complicated when The List gets national attention, and the news media contact the four friends. Additionally, some men at Hammerstead Technology, where all four friends work, seem bent out of shape about some of the items on The List. <br />Though all the attention is a bother for the friends to deal with, they don't get concerned until all start receiving crank phone calls, and one of the four friends winds up dead. <br />Jaine is forced to turn to her neighbor, Sam, a detective she has sparred with on several occasions. While Jaine previously disliked Sam, she suddenly sees him in a whole new light, and neither can deny the physical attraction between them. <br />Linda Howard has written an intensely satisfying thriller. Sam and Jaine are wonderful, as their verbal exchanges can't be beat, and their love scenes sizzle. This is a definite page-turner, impossible to put down as the reader yearns to discover the identity of the murderer, and whether or not he will kill again. For a wonderful summer read, MR. PERFECT can't be beat.
6304118392|5.0|I watched this film when I was younger, and I couldn't understand a thing about it, except that M&amp;M where insane. However, when I was older I watched it again and was amazed! I'm not going to use a large vocabulary like so many others, although I could, but the results will be that a great deal of people won't understand what I'm saying. All and all this movie gives us everyday joes a look at the power the media has on us. It shows us how, even though the media are bloodsucking, heartless people, we make them that way by living by there every word like it's a bible or something and always craving for more of the same carnage and madness. Personally, I don't think that the 90's was ready for this film, that not only was it far too radical and extreme, but also a film in which you need to devote a great deal of thought towards. This is a film like no other, but keep in mind that if you pay attention half heartedly to NBK, then you'll walk away unsatisfied and scratching your head in a questioning way.
B000000IV0|5.0|I belive this was art at its worst and best. Kurt was a beatiful genious. I can not listen to Nirvana's Nevermind or hear ne thing by or about Nirvana with out bursting into tears.They where the Beatles and they where bigger than jesus. I'm despertly waiting for that box set thats being with held by greed to come out. If you do not own a copy of nevermind you are forever incomplete and will never reach nirvana.I pity you.
B00003CXPD|5.0|A charming and artistic look at the trials and triumphs of discovering oneself.  From moment to moment it can be heart-wrenching, heart-warming, and heart-lifting.  Jamie Bell plays a superb Billy Elliott.  It goes toward the top of my list of all-time favorites.  Watch it with subtitles or captions (on DVD) to catch some of the hard-to-understand spots.
B000002U9W|4.0|Atom Heart Mother brings a lot to the table. First of all it displays the awesome talent of all 4 bandmembers (something lacking in previous albums save Meddle). Second it shows how they can preform instrumental music as well as varying styles of lyrical music. It takes you from the mellow, smooth-sounding Fat Old Sun to the rough edged Summer 68. And the instrumental music sounds as if you were on an acid trip with the mood varying varieties of the atom heart mother suite. All and all this was the last of Floyds psychadelic experimentation albums and the best one since Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
0783117523|1.0|i had rented this movie about 3 years ago on video,and as much as i use to love angelina jolie,even then i found this movie to be very hard to watch.i have not viewed this movie until earlier today(7/9/01)and jesus christ is this a bad crap ... video.oh my god.first off,is it just me or does angelina jolie play the same exact girl-on-edge-tragically-hip-character in every single movie?and as for the mvie all i'll say is,this is a long drawn out,slow moving production of a film.i know the whole story behind gia the person.it is a tragic one.i did not expect this to be a musical by any means.but at the same time,i did not expect this to be a dose of nyquil and powerful ssedatives neither.i will say that mercedes rheul(hope i spelled her name right)portrayal of gia's spazy mother was excellent.she is the only part of this movie that really seemed to strike a cord in me at all,being as she the character was a disgusting person in my view who treated her daughter like some kind of ailment.so this is my personal review,mine and mine only.
B0000019PA|5.0|In my opinion anyway.  This record captures what I think many independent artists (like the folk implosion for example) are trying to do, but instead entirely sucessfully, rather than just moments of brilliance in an aeroplane over the sea of mediocrity. The more I listen to it, the more I like it. Perfect summer afternoon music, baking in the sun and imagining.  It is like a long, acid trip that you can keep coming back to time and time again.  Reminds me of aspects of many of my musical heroes, such as Neil Young, pavement, somehow all pulled together, beautiful minimalist production. I really cannot say enough good things, just go ahead and buy it!
B000002UAU|4.0|Sgt Pepper is touted as rock's creative pinnacle, the Beatles' greatest work and the first album that demonstrated that rock could be art.  It was said to be the apex of psychedelia, the fusion of vastly disparate musical ideas into a single unified artistic vision.<br />First, to avoid hate mail, let me say that I definitely think the ideas behind the production are amazing and is the album's best feature.  The carnival-type segue between the first two and last two songs (unfortunately not used throughout the record) is a clever touch, and Lennon especially uses his songs for fantastic experiments fusing found sounds, tape loops, overdubbing and strange studio effects (this record took 800 hours and $100k to make, the most ever devoted to a record at the time).  \\"A Day in the Life\\" is a fantastic example of this, one of the most eerie, gorgeous, mighty rock songs ever.  Some ideas about experimental rock created here from little but the Beatles' imaginations have now become canonical.  The production and musical ideas made me very much want to like this record.<br />However, it was ultimately the songs (oh yes, the songs!) that let me down.  Aside from the first 3 and last 2 songs (whose conceptual and sonic flow are very well-done), much of the album is weak, sub-par songs by the Beatles' very high standards.  Lennon stated later that Paul muscled him out of much creative control of the record; the artistic split developing between the two songwriters ultimately doomed this so-called \\"concept record\\" from cohereing.  Most of Paul's songs are over-refined chamber pop whose instrumental sound suffered due to the 4-track recording and canned performances - there's little vitality in the stiff rock of \\"lovely rita\\" or the pop of \\"fixing a hole.\\"  <br />On the other side, John's songs are generally just an excuse to be wild in the studio, leaving \\"Mister Kite\\" and \\"Good Morning\\" as sound experiments (albeit interesting ones) with little in the way of memorable lyrics or melody.<br />It's interesting to hear the geniuses of rock give their vaguely befuddled reactions to critical hosannas of their work.  I think in this case the bands' later criticism of this work is fairly valid; especially their regret at leaving off the amazing \\"Penny Lane\\" and \\"Strawberry Fields\\" (thus dooming the concept feel to the record and removing the 2 best fusions of great songwriting and stunning production).<br />Ultimately, this record is somewhat flawed, an incredible achievement of musical ideas and production but ultimately something of a letdown at the most important level of a record -- the songs.
6302641888|5.0|Someone who has read a biography of Ingmar Bergman would probably be able to offer an intelligent interpretation of this very personal film by the great Swedish director.  Since it stars his two most famous proteges, Bibi Andersson and Liv Ullmann, and is an intense focus on their faces as though to look into their souls, and further since during the film their personas merge as one--given all this, perhaps it could be speculated that Bergman is suggesting that his perfect love would be a composite of the two.  Certainly part of the erotic power of this stunningly filmed masterwork (black and white cinematography by the gifted Sven Nykvist) is the evocative display of the two Swedish actresses, who were respectively, 30- and 26-years-old, when the film was made.  It is curious however that Bergman is very deliberate in downplaying their sexuality.  They are never coquettish, nor openly sexual.  Very little skin is exposed and that only incidentally.  It is their differing power as actresses that is explored with some, no doubt, deliberate and unavoidable revelation of their real life personalities.<br />I was particularly impressed with Bibi Andersson's performance.  She plays, Alma, a young and naive nurse who is called upon to help rehabilitate Liv Ullmann's Elisabeth Vogler, an actress who suddenly stopped talking.  Andersson has a beautiful and expressive voice that should be heard, so avoid a dubbed version (if it exists).  It is true that the subtitles are occasionally ungrammatical and full of typos (and at one point a misleading term is used to avoid a gross sexual expression), but it doesn't matter because everything is very clear; indeed one could view this without the subtitles and without knowing Swedish and still get a fair idea of what is going on.  Liv Ullmann is also brilliant in a part that has her on camera for most of the film but without a single speaking line!  Nurse Alma does all the talking and something curious happens.  She becomes the &quot;patient,&quot; spilling out the intimate details of her life while Elisabeth becomes in a sense the shrink, and a &quot;transference&quot; takes place.  This is no doubt a Bergman joke (he was no fan of psychotherapy), but it is also a statement about the power of silence.  Elisabeth stopped speaking during a performance of the Greek tragedy Electra, and of course we have all heard of the Electra Complex, the female equivalent of the Oedipus Complex so beloved of psychoanalytic theory.  However what Bergman's point here is, I have no idea.  I do know that in the last two Bergman films I have viewed, this and Autumn Sonata (1978) with Ingrid Bergman as a concert pianist, the star is a selfish woman who does not love her children.  Here, we have Alma tearing into Elisabeth with the accusation that she hates her son and wishes he was dead.  Since Ingmar Bergman both wrote and directed this film, one might reasonably ask what this has to do with the psyche of the master.  The fact that an older man makes love to both women is also grist for the mill of an autobiographical interpretation.<br />However, I am Against Interpretation in this case (although clearly a film like this cries out for it) and more in favor of experience.  A work of art can always be interpreted and sometimes should, but it is essential to first experience the work.  If I ever see this film again, and after reading up on the life and loves Ingmar Bergman, perhaps I will look for what Persona says about him.  Meanwhile, I am content to observe that this is an original work of art, and as always with Bergman, an emotionally draining experience.t;patient,&quot; spilling out the intimate details of her life while Elisabeth becomes in a sense the shrink, and a &quot;transference&quot; takes place.  This is no doubt a Bergman joke (he was no fan of psychotherapy), but it is also a statement about the power of silence.  Elisabeth stopped speaking during a performance of the Greek tragedy Electra, and of course we have all heard of the Electra Complex, the female equivalent of the Oedipus Complex so beloved of psychoanalytic theory.  However what Bergman's point here is, I have no idea.  I do know that in the last two Bergman films I have viewed, this and Autumn Sonata (1978) with Ingrid Bergman as a concert pianist, the star is a selfish woman who does not love her children.  Here, we have Alma tearing into Elisabeth with the accusation that she hates her son and wishes he was dead.  Since Ingmar Bergman both wrote and directed this film, one might reasonably ask what this has to do with the psyche of the master.  The fact that an older man makes love to both women is also grist for the mill of an autobiographical interpretation.<br />However, I am Against Interpretation in this case (although clearly a film like this cries out for it) and more in favor of experience.  A work of art can always be interpreted and sometimes should, but it is essential to first experience the work.  If I ever see this film again, and after reading up on the life and loves Ingmar Bergman, perhaps I will look for what Persona says about him.  Meanwhile, I am content to observe that this is an original work of art, and as always with Bergman, an emotionally draining experience.
B000002UAR|5.0|This record is, more or less, everything people say Sgt Pepper was -- a terrific fusion of strong songs and imaginative production in a pioneering way, driven by two intensely competitive songwriters.  Although compared to their early work, the performance are stiff (espcially the drums, ech! a little live-in-the-studio wouldn't have hurt)... aaaaand &quot;Doctor Robert&quot; just is not that great .... the record is more or less flawless.  I know that I *should* like Sgt Pepper more -- after all, its the Record That Broke All the Rules -- I think this record's subtler pleasures are more enjoyable.  I listen to it much more than I listen to Sgt Pepper.
0788811355|2.0|O.K - If you haven't seen this movie by now, there's a good chance that you, like me, didn't have a burning desire to see it when it first came out. Also, like me, as the years past you began to get curious, wondering why this film was ADORED by so many people. So, like me, you have finally decided to rent and/or buy it.<br />I'm going to give you the chance I never had: a fair warning. This movie is EXTREMELY overrated!!! <br />Why, you may ask, is it overrated? There are several reasons:<br />1) Its slow. The fact that I say this movie is slow says alot. There are many, many slow movies that I LOVE ('Minus Man' being amoung them). But this movie is slow for no good reason. Its almost like the director was so determined to make the movie over 2 hours that he added scenes just for the ... of it.<br />2) The 'love story' is more contrived than a Julia Roberts movie. The audience is supposed to believe their relationship is deep and passionate, but its really just lust. Lust does not make a romance. Therefore, its hard to see this movie as a &quot;tragic&quot; love story. <br />3) There were a hundred, thousand less confusing ways to make this picture, and the director skipped over ALL of them. The viewer has to keep facts straight thoughout the  entire two hours,just to make sense out of the movie, while also TRYING to feel sorry for the characters.<br />4) Last, but not least, there is no greater film sin than the 'contrived - tradegy' ending, the greatest example being &quot;Armageddon&quot;. The ending of the &quot;English Patient&quot; is in the top ten of 'Most Contrived Endings Ever'. <br />So to sum it up, I'm being VERY generous in giving this movie 2 stars. You'll probally still want to see this movie for yourself. I don't blame you, I, too was curious. But I have made my conscience clear in warning you.
B000056K04|5.0|Dave Matthews Band's &quot;Everyday&quot; contains deep, wonderfully written lyrics with saxophones, guitars, violins, etc.  One of my favorite songs on this album is &quot;When the World Ends,&quot; but songs such as &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot; or &quot;If I Had It All&quot; are very nice.  This whole album has a blues-jazzy feel, with various spurts of saxophones.  &quot;Mother Father&quot; is very interesting and doesn't even sound like a &quot;typical&quot; DMB song, which doesn't make it bad.  It's still very nice.  This is a very sad album through its lyrics that make you think beyond a line like, &quot;hit me baby one more time.&quot;  <br />Looking for a great new album?  Get DMB's Everyday.
630420065X|2.0|Shortly before succumbing to cancer, Greg Morris, a star of the original &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; television series, went to a theater and saw Brian DePalma's movie version of this series.  Morris said he walked out after forty minutes and declared this movie an &quot;abomination.&quot;  My feelings exactly.<br />Superspy Tom Cruise and his team are betrayed during a mission.  Cruise survives the betrayal and organizes another team to uncover the setup.<br />DePalma's &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; is a great disappointment.  The only reason I don't give this film a big fat zero is that it has two redeeming factors:<br />1.  The film features one of the most awesome and sweat-         inducing theft sequences in film history.<br />2.  One of Hollywood's most sensitive males, Jon Voight, proves that he can effectively play a slimy and devious character.<br />Otherwise, this film is a failure.  The movie is basically a confusing bore.  The music is also terrible.<br />The movie &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; can be recommended for the above two reasons but nothing else.
B00003CXS4|5.0|If you are a fan of Get Shorty, Pulp Fiction, or other crime-caper comedies, get this movie.  It is hilarious, it is entertaining, it is awesome.  All the performances are good, from Brad Pitt's accent, to Denis Farina being himself, to Vinnie Jones' tough guy.  This movie is good from start to finish.  This is a solid DVD as well.  I listened to the Dolby Digital track and the sound was near perfect.  The picture is very, very clear.  And the second disc is loaded with special features, including some interesting deleted scenes.
B000002U82|5.0|This is my favorite Pink Floyd album. And I must admit it took a lot of time and many listenings to it so it could become the  one. It is a concept album and the best one I've heard. It's about the problems that drives all people mad. That's the key to its success. Many of the young adults (like me) go through these problems though very few get to the point of &quot;Brain Damage&quot;.<br />Many people's favorite song on this album is &quot;Time&quot; and it's not accidental. Structuring our time, taking the most of our lives is the most important thing in it. Then there's the problem of work and money. It is perfectly portrayed in &quot;Breathe&quot;, &quot;On the Run&quot; and &quot;Money&quot;. And there's insanity. The last 4 songs on the album show how someone becomes insane and then &quot;the sun is eclipsed by the moon&quot;. The title Dark Side Of The Moon is clever as well. We all show to the world our bright side. But everyone has a dark side that is kept hidden. This album is about that side. That's why many people get touched by it.<br />My favorite song on the album is &quot;Us And Them&quot;. It has perfect lyrics, perfect tunes and a kind of smooth and eery atmosphere that I just can't forget and makes me listen to it every time. If you've never listened to a Pink Floyd album this shouldn't be the one to start with anyway. To understand the complexity and the layers of this one you should get used to Pink Floyd's music by listening to some &quot;easier&quot; albums of them  (The Wall, Animals or Wish You Were Here). However this is the ultimate one and it will always be that.
0141000198|3.0|To begin with, I first have to admit that I only read BJD as somewhat of an introduction to Bridget Jones's life, and the intentions of the author in terms of plot, characters' traits etc., in the advent that I decided to watch the movie (the movie is very good! watch the movie everyone!)<br />Being aware of the worldwide \\"acclaim\\" for this novel, I had fairly high expectations for the book. Although, gladly the book did not dissappoint, unfortunately it didn't dazzle me either.<br />BJD was not the barrel-full of laughs I had hoped for, but however, did produce a little titter here and there. <br />I would say that this book is worth the read, but would have a limited re-read life, and probably *not* worth buying. - Unless on sale (the Bridget Jones in me speaking) hahaha. So by all means borrow it from the library for the perfect 'beach read', but I personally wouldn't buy it (at full price anyway!)
6305784078|4.0|This movie is in the old Disney fashion.  This would never win an academy award but for that reason it makes a great movie for little kids.  Unlike the Disney movies of the past decade, violence is very minimal to almost non-existant.  The &quot;villain&quot; in this movie - a greedy but likable butler - is baffoonish and not prone to causing nightmares.   All the music is fun and upbeat. Lots of sassy talking animals.  The humor and tone is very similar to Disney's Robin Hood - another movie for good clean fun.  My 2 year old LOVES the Aristocats.
B00004Z45A|4.0|This is quite bizzare. In the era of nu-metal, where most bands copy their music sheets off one another, and their most valuable asset is attitude, there has to exist a band that goes beyond that, yet still stays musically original as possible to a genre that is essentialy a mix&amp;match of two styles. Linkin Park seem to have managed to do that, with tracks such as &quot;Crawlin&quot; conveying a sensitive side to a style that is &quot;thought&quot; to be overly aggresive, and proving their metal roots (IMHO) with tracks such as &quot;Paper Cut&quot; and &quot;With You&quot;. What is more , I believe that they are striving to have their music instantly recognised as being Linkin Park and they have achieved that to a great extend. Why a 4 and not a 5? Because, although original as their music may be, it does not a warrant a 5 YET, because it's their first album. I'll reserve that for their next production (I hope).
B00000IN5G|5.0|I am a Children of Bodom fan through and through.  However, I can't pick a favorite disk by them.  The reason is they are all to goddamned good!  All I can say is every album is excellent.  The production is shimmering.  The musicianship is imaculate.  It is truly that good.  Listen to a sound sample and test this theory.  Just do yourself a favor and buy any and everything by Cob, you won't regret it.
014028009X|4.0|I loved this book although it was less Elizabeth Bennet (Pride and Prejudice) and more Holly Golightly (Breakfast at Tiffany's).  What women in her mid-20's to early 30's wouldn't want to tell the world to mind it's own business when it comes to career and love?  And what woman wouldn't want to fall in love with Mark Darcy/Mr. Darcy/Colin Firth while still maintaining a certain level of independence and fun?<br />While I think the heavy drinking and smoking may allude to a more serious problem (next book possibly &quot;Bridget Jones and the Twelve Steps&quot;?) I laughed all the way through this book and the sequel.  Bridget definitely gets to have her cake and eat it too.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a quick and funny read.  While not great literature, this book is one I will read again for a quick laugh.<br />While I recommend this book, don't expect to see too much of it in the movie.  I saw the movie several months before reading this book and see little resemblance between Bridget's life as it unfolds and the overall plot of the film.  In retrospect, more of her madcap moments could have been included in the film.  Mark Darcy is also not developed as the romantic interest in the film as much as in the book.
B0000508U6|3.0|I'll add my two cents to the ever growing discussion of Coldplay. While I recognize this is pretty solid for a debut album but if only the rest of the album were like the beginning songs, it would deserve the praise it is getting. Songs like &quot;Don't Panic,&quot; &quot;Shiver,&quot; and &quot;Yellow&quot; are beautiful emotion-driven rock pop songs that will satisfy any music fan. However, the rest of this album is boring and flat. I can't even listen to all of the songs like &quot;Spies&quot; without wanting to fall asleep or go back to the previous songs. They sound like Dave Mathews or David Gray, painfully slow and flat. Where is the color and life they have in songs like &quot;Shiver&quot;? Once again the press hypes up on a band from the UK, calling them the next Radiohead(Which they resemble nothing of in sound and lyrics, Thom Yorke singing &quot;Yellow&quot;? Give me a break!) My advice is to listen to this album before you buy it or just get the songs I listed separately.
B00004YMVG|5.0|This CD is especially wonderful on rainy days.  It makes me feel like watching rain from a cafe window in Paris. (Actually, I was in a French cafe in Ohio where his CD was playing. I could not leave the cafe without asking who the singer was.)  His voice is so soft and calming.  I love every song in this CD.
630512762X|4.0|After making two horrible films in America(&quot;Broken Arrow&quot; and &quot;Hard Target&quot;), I thought Woo was over with and sold out to Hollywood but then came &quot;Face/Off.&quot; Remember when you see a John Woo film, you really have to suspend your disbelief. Yes, the plot is tacky, yes the acting is cheesy, yes all the action scenes are unbelievable. You have to enjoy Woo's films at Art. No one else in Film can make a violent action scene look so beautiful and arty. With &quot;Face/Off,&quot; Woo goes back to his Hong Kong action film roots. Though not as good as the classics like &quot;A Better Tomorrow&quot; and &quot;The Killer,&quot; &quot;Face/Off&quot; still is better than his previous American films and what Woo is doing now. This film is worth your time and remember to find all John Woo's Hong Kong films at your video store.
0790729628|5.0|Sorry guys, but I really liked the original happy ending sequence.I found the whole starting over theme refreshing. Sort of a back to naturecall.Too bad they changed it.
B000002L82|4.0|\\"Power, and Lies\\" would be my favorite New Order album had they not added \\"Blue Monday\\" and \\"The Beach\\" to this otherwise amazing record. I do not dislike \\"Blue Monday\\" on the basis that it is popular and the one song by New Order people know (Mostly due to Orgy covering it.) I heard this song before I knew its popularity and I think it is a horribly overrated song. The lyrics are pretty good but It doesn't have that beautifully crafted sound New Order put in their other songs like \\"Age Of Consent.\\" \\"The Beach\\" is just an instrumental of \\"Blue Monday.\\" Besides the fact that I dislike both songs, they certainly do not fit on the mood of this record. They sound better on a singles compilation. So when you buy this record, skip those songs on your first few listens.<br />With that out of the way, let me tell you New Order will make you a believer of music made mostly with technology. I'm not the biggest fan of \\"Dance\\" music but if New Order is put under that category then I'm all for this music. Beautifully poetic written songs and great landscapes of synthesizers and drum loops. This music won't just move your body, they'll speak to and move your soul. In sound and lyrics, practically a complete antithesis of Joy Division but both bands affect the listener by the same means. \\"Age Of Consent\\" and \\"Your Silent Face\\" are easily some of the best songs to come out of the 80's. This album is a must for any collection.
B0000025VU|5.0|The song,&quot;Jokerman&quot; is written on more levels than most musicians reach over the course of their entire careeer. true, blind willie mctell is one of dylan's best songs, and should of been on here. and yes, man of peace and union sundown aren't classics. but &quot;licence to kill&quot;, &quot;don't fall apart on me tonight&quot;, &quot;sweetheart like you&quot; and &quot;I and I&quot; more than make up for the occasional mere adequacy. and then jokerman is, i think, one of dylan's two or three greatest songs (which is saying a real lot). he's gone so far beyond profundity and wisdom with some of the things he says on this album, that you can't fault him for a couple of songs that are just okay. &quot;neighborhood bully&quot; is a very clever song, with dylan's most &quot;modern&quot; sound (up to this point in his career.) bob is revealing both simply (&quot;...maybe i should've been a doctor...&quot;) as well as evasively (&quot;...he's a friend to the martyr, a friend to the woman of shame...&quot;) on this album. Please buy it, if for nothing else, the sound of the opening harmonica on &quot;don't fall apart on me tonight&quot;.
B00005B36H|1.0|Fans waited 5 years for this??? Tool is the victim of their own hype - how could they follow up the legendary Aenima? In my opinion, they can't and they didn't. Are you amazed that this album has been reviewed over 650 times? I'm not. Credit the high school generation for this slathering of inflated reviews. <BR>If you thought Undertow and Aenima were classics, I believe you will be disappointed with Lateralus.
B0000024SI|5.0|I just don't understand. This is not only one of dylan's best album's, it's one of the best of all time. True, each song may not be a classic, but the music and the words blend so well. Each song has a place, each contributes significantly to the feel of the whole album. It may not be as good as Blonde on Blonde, but it must of made as much or more of an impact when it was released. Forget about &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;...who was writing anything like&quot;Desolation Row&quot; or &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; in 1965? No one was even close. Bob Dylan is the most influential song writer of all time, and this album proves it, ten times over. The surrealistic lyrics, the voice, the bluesy-rock feel...and the signifcance factor, all add up to a true masterpiece. This is rock history and rock royalty. Get it.
B00000IAU3|3.0|I bought this album partly because of the Roswell connection   and because I do like some of the tunes. I don't consider the album to be perfectly balanced but several of the songs, including the Roswell theme are actually pretty good. My personal preference would be for an Enya album because she's more consistent but Dido can do the job, it'll be interesting to hear her next album.
B0000024SI|5.0|I just don't understand. This is not only one of dylan's best album's, it's one of the best of all time. True, each song may not be a classic, but the music and the words blend so well. Each song has a place, each contributes significantly to the feel of the whole album. It may not be as good as Blonde on Blonde, but it must of made as much or more of an impact when it was released. Forget about &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;...who was writing anything like&quot;Desolation Row&quot; or &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; in 1965? No one was even close. Bob Dylan is the most influential song writer of all time, and this album proves it, ten times over. The surrealistic lyrics, the voice, the bluesy-rock feel...and the signifcance factor, all add up to a true masterpiece. This is rock history and rock royalty. Get it.
B000059R8Y|4.0|This one definately &quot;grows on you.&quot; The man is stretching into new areas again, and his voice continues to improve. He has said that he didn't like his own voice when he was young because his heroes weren't boys; they were men! Although, clearly not the man's goal in this work, there are, nevertheless, numerous guitar &quot;moments.&quot; It's humble and subtle, and it's mature and refined... There's an &quot;up&quot; (positive) feeling in his music this time (lacking in Pilgrim). I saw a bit of the video from &quot;Ain't Gonna Stand For It,&quot; and it's great, and I wish that it would be released for sale. I'm looking forward to the Oakland show on August 11th for a great performance and a live video from this tour (which has been getting great reviews since its kickoff in January). If you haven't seen &quot;the man&quot; live, you're missing something great. His music comes alive when he's LIVE!
B0000024SI|5.0|I just don't understand. This is not only one of dylan's best album's, it's one of the best of all time. True, each song may not be a classic, but the music and the words blend so well. Each song has a place, each contributes significantly to the feel of the whole album. It may not be as good as Blonde on Blonde, but it must of made as much or more of an impact when it was released. Forget about &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;...who was writing anything like&quot;Desolation Row&quot; or &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; in 1965? No one was even close. Bob Dylan is the most influential song writer of all time, and this album proves it, ten times over. The surrealistic lyrics, the voice, the bluesy-rock feel...and the signifcance factor, all add up to a true masterpiece. This is rock history and rock royalty. Get it.
0679735909|4.0|A.S. Byatt's &quot;Possession&quot; has been on my out-of-control to-read list for almost two years.  I was fortunate lately that &quot;Possession&quot;'s turn came up and I got the opportunity to read it.  &quot;Posession&quot; is a fabulous novel that takes place in two eras (19th and 20th centuries) and deals intensely with relationships - between individuals personally, professionally, romantically, and between cultures over time.  The primary storyline has Roland Michell and Maud Bailey, two relatively young Victorian scholars, investigating the possibility of a before-unknown relationship between the poets that they respectively specialize in, Randolph Henry Ash and Christabel LaMotte.  The correspondence, diaries, and anecdotes they pore over develop into a second major storyline as Ash and LaMotte become as palpable characters as Michell and Bailey.<br />In the mid-1980's, Roland Michell is a dissatisfied literary scholar, struggling to find real employment, and wholly consumed by his study of R.H. Ash.  He happens upon a letter from Ash to a mysterious woman which could change the face of Ash research.  Intrigued by what this discovery could mean to his career, he enlists the help of Maud Bailey, for whom a relationship between LaMotte and Ash could be of similar importance.  They are forced by the hostility of the literature profession to keep their findings secret from their colleagues and superiors, and start an obsessive chase all over England and France to piece together the story of Ash and LaMotte.  Over time, life begins to imitate scholarship and art, as Roland and Maud find each other in their work.<br />Byatt does an Anthony Burgess-quality job appropriating the language of mid- to late-Victorian England in the Ash-LaMotte letters, journals, etc.  Creating an entire body of supposedly literary poetry (male and female) as well as correspondence and diaries is highly impressive and shows an extraordinary range of knowledge and skill.  She does excellent work in keeping the language of the two eras separate, and what is tougher, making the language of literary criticism for the most part accessible to a broad audience.  <br />Not to be gender biased, but it seems one part where Byatt takes a little too much license with the 19th century is in making all of her major Victorian women characters, LaMotte, Blanche Glover, and Sabine de Kercoz, all into hardcore Wollstonecraftian feminists. Especially considering their disparate backgrounds, minor aristocrat, would-be governess, and sheltered French girl, this is kind of hard to take.  Maybe this is an acknowledgment of LaMotte's influence on her immediate acquaintances, but it does seem a little farfetched even for the late 19th century.  <br />Overall, &quot;Possession&quot; is truly an enjoyable novel.  Byatt's command of styles, genres, languages, and most of all character combine to make a fine work.  Casual readers may be put off by the constant shift in time periods, the length of time spent away from the 'main' characters, Roland and Maud, and the constant poetical interruptions.  For the committed reader, these facets make the novel challenging and ultimately rewarding.
B00000255F|5.0|Wow! This album is extremely, extremely powerful. Musically, it's part symphony, part rock concert, part recitation. &quot;Thunder Road&quot; is one of the best building-up songs ever. Bruce is great at that. Starting slow, and then exploding. From the middle of thunder road, that's it...the album moves fast, but not too fast. It keeps your heart pumping, but makes you think. &quot;Night&quot; is a favorite of mine, and the title song is probably the best rock song ever. &quot;Jungleland&quot; is a fantastic example of a string based piece leading effortlessly into segments of pulsating rock.<br />The lyrics are, in my opinion, the best outside of a dylan album. The images in &quot;Born To Run&quot;, the emotion in &quot;Backstreets&quot;, and the despearation of &quot;Thunder Road&quot; paint a picture of raw desire and need. &quot;Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out&quot; is the most fun musically, and the only song that might be a throw away is &quot;She's the One&quot;, but it's not at all bad. You're not a rock fan if you don't have this one.
0783225970|5.0|This is a movie filled wit excitment from beginning to end.  Their is no dull moment. This is a classic.  If you enjoy mafia movies, this is just a solo man attempting his own--its Great!
B0000024SI|5.0|I just don't understand. This is not only one of dylan's best album's, it's one of the best of all time. True, each song may not be a classic, but the music and the words blend so well. Each song has a place, each contributes significantly to the feel of the whole album. It may not be as good as Blonde on Blonde, but it must of made as much or more of an impact when it was released. Forget about &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;...who was writing anything like&quot;Desolation Row&quot; or &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; in 1965? No one was even close. Bob Dylan is the most influential song writer of all time, and this album proves it, ten times over. The surrealistic lyrics, the voice, the bluesy-rock feel...and the signifcance factor, all add up to a true masterpiece. This is rock history and rock royalty. Get it.
B000002NIW|2.0|The only reason i even bought this cd was for &quot;my own summer&quot; it is probably the best song they've ever writen in my state of mind. I personally think that it was unwise of them to put the best song first, seeing that there is no motivation to listen further after its done. I FORCED myself to listen to the whole cd through, because i love deftones and i wanted to give it a fair chance, but nothing caught me really - i personally think that this album drags compared to the others.
0944379044|5.0|Why? Throughout history their has been one genocide after another on this world. Each of them worse then the last and yet it seems that the Holocaust is the one that is most remember and hated. Why? The one thing that the Holocaust did good was that it open the minds of the people of the world to just how deep racial hatred can go and just how far a man is willing to go to achieve his ambitions of a \\"pure race\\". Hitler does ramble on a bit but he does touch on some very key issues that are profound in understanding how the minds of people work before WWII. <br />His theory about \\"cultural bearing and Cultural founding and cultural destroyings races\\" are remarkable and are actually true given the examples that he has givin and so thought. He lable the Jew a culture destroying race because they had no country but had their own religion. Israiel had not been founded so the jews had no home country of their own and since they worship their own god and tought their own children they do have their own culture. But they reside in other countries and spread their culture so ineffect some of what Hitler was talking about was not all bull.... <br />He also focus on the fact that the jews had no country. That was his sole reason for labling the jews \\"parasites\\". Hitler has once again has simply explain the sole reason for every genocide in history. The Native Americans are a good example. Officially they had no country so when the white settlers move in they did not feel any moral pains as they mass murdered nearly 90 percent of the native in habbitants.  <br />Of all the things that hitler did wrong they can be dismissed by what he left behind. A legacy that has tought us why we do some of the evil things that we do. This book should not be throw aside because of its author.
B000002NIW|2.0|The only reason i even bought this cd was for &quot;my own summer&quot; it is probably the best song they've ever writen in my state of mind. I personally think that it was unwise of them to put the best song first, seeing that there is no motivation to listen further after its done. I FORCED myself to listen to the whole cd through, because i love deftones and i wanted to give it a fair chance, but nothing caught me really - i personally think that this album drags compared to the others.
B00005B36H|4.0|&quot;Lateralus&quot; takes the textured mood music of its predecessors to a new level.  While the long, drawn-out songs with their submerged vocals can at times border on sleep-inducing, &quot;Lateralus&quot; does provide great listening for the right mood.  The snaky music of these songs, combined with Maynard's near-whispered vocals, take the listener on a 77-minute journey through the bizarre world of Tool.  There isn't really much rhyme or reason to this album; you can hear a certain arrangement in one song, then hear it again five minutes later on a different track.  This album is bascically one extremely long song with lots of departures and tempo changes, with an occasional return to something that had already been done earlier in the album.  Tool's innovative and airtight instrumental work keeps the album from ever getting truly boring.  If you want an album with the energy and power of &quot;Aenima&quot; and &quot;Undertow&quot; you should probably look elsewhere, but this album is good listening for a strange trip.
B000002J5K|4.0|Part of the reason, I think, that the movie is so effective is that it completely creates a mood and atmosphere. As silly as this movie is, the photography, color, sets, costumes all work so well together that it's easy for the viewer to suspend disbelief (and logic, and reason) and enjoy.<br />One of my favorite scenes in the movie, and one that sent me on a rewarding (and expensive) mission as a collector of blues music, is the Maxwell Street set-up shot outside of the Soul Food Cafe. It is here that we catch John Lee Hooker and a band of Chicago blues legends (Pine Top Perkins for one) playing Hooker's anthematic &quot;Boom Boom.&quot;<br />So...I ask, why isn't &quot;Boom Boom&quot; on the soundtrack!?<br />The Blues Brothers Band is indisputably awesome, and this soundtrank is largely about them. While Aretha and James Brown show up, much of the important background music from the movie does not. Sam and Dave's &quot;Sooth Me&quot; plays an integral role in the film, and deserves to be here.<br />As an album of full-power brass heavy blues, this album rocks, but as the soundtrack to the greatest movie of all time, it falls a little short. That's no reason not to buy it though.
0226264017|4.0|I purchased this book as an adjunct for a course I was taking. Though I am not focused on economics career-wise, I found this book took the subject and expanded it to areas that made me realize how interconnected the basic tenets of economics are in our every day life. It was a very interesting read and still would have been even if I was not taking an economics class.
B00005JH7D|5.0|I can't help but use the expression &quot;Renaissance Man&quot; to describe Marcus' delightfully broad pallette; he just pulls so many amazing, different sounds out of the bag (chances are, his own bag of chops). Some of the material is only a continuation of his grooves on previous albums, but I think his writing and producing chops continue to grow and develop. The vocal production of &quot;Boomerang&quot; is lovely. &quot;Your Amazing Grace&quot; is an incredible arrangement and adaptation of the great and timeless hymn. Lots of other great tunes and production too. Look for the good and praise it.
B000000WCV|4.0|I bought this because most of these songs were in the clubs in Europe while I was living there.  You may have heard some of them on various compilations, such as the soundtrack for &quot;The Saint&quot;.  As usual for them, it's got some hard house, a couple cheese songs, and some trippy hippy stuff.
0792833279|3.0|While the film, Get Shorty, is terrific, this DVD disappoints with its lack of extra features.  Where is the running commentary?  This movie screams for that type of attention from it's stars, director, star/producer De Vito or even the original story writer Elmore Leonard.  Also, there are no outtakes or deleted scenes.  There must be some way to take advantage of the DVD format, other than a widescreen choice, to make it worthy of purchasing if one already has the VHS.<br />How about it MGM Home Video.  I'd look for the next release version.
B000059MEK|4.0|Great C.D. just like the last one &quot;homework&quot;.  This time, the group is more focused on the &quot;feel good&quot; type, even a little bit of retro '70's feel to some of the songs.  While not much party music, great electronica to chill out to.
0743201140|5.0|Once again, Marcus Buckingham has written a wonderful book. Everyone has the potential to be a superstar, as long as they are in the right job.
1558908358|5.0|Everyone knows Tron.  There is not much to say about the movie because you already know it.  Way ahead of it's time, some of the topics in the movie still hold true today (besides the video arcades on every corner), and it still makes you think.  The transfer to DVD is exhilirating.  Just watch the original theatrical trailer included, and you will see how much video quality has improved since 1982!  Great to see this classic brought back for everyone to enjoy!
0440539811|5.0|I think I've read this book 3 times, in full. And I've skimmed through it many other times. I had to buy a hard copy because my paperback started falling apart from reading it so much and lending it to people.<br />Yes it's paranoid and twisted, but it's so much fun. It may be hard to imagine that reading could be a mind-altering experience, but believe me this book will prove it. I can't say that it won't leave a permanent mark on your mind, but I can say that it's legal.
6303269869|5.0|Coming from an alcoholic family I was able to relate to the children in the movie.  I think Meg Ryan played the part perfectly and Andy Garcia did a wonderful job as well. It was a different look at a serious disease, the fact that the mother was an alcoholic.<br />Meg Ryan (Alice Green) plays a wife and mother of two, who has an out of control drinking problem, that takes her almost dying in the shower to make her realize that she has a problem.  Andy Garcia (Michael Green) plays her husband who knows that she has a problem, but just is not ready to face the fact that she needs help or she is going to hurt herself or one of the children.  <br />When Alice finally does get the help she needs, Michael doesn't cope well with the fact that she now has other people to turn to when things get rough.  Michael does try to go to a support meeting for family memebers, but just sees it as a bunch of people sitting around feeling sorry for each other.  He thinks that things will just 'go back to normal' now that she has gotten help and just isn't that simple.<br />Although the effects that her drinking had on the kids was not addressed, I felt that it touched most of the bases that a family goes through after recovery.<br />You will need a box of tissues by your side for this tear jerker.
0786860707|5.0|This is a great book and the truth is that it isn't really out of print . I think it is ridiculous to get this book at such a high price at ebay . If they are selling the first print or some autograph one , I had nothing to say . In fact , you can still order this book at ...at a very reasonable price . If you really want this book , I suggest you guy to check it out . BTW , I saw at least 20 copies of this book selling at a local San Francisco bookstore at (price)( still a little bit higher that the original price (price) but it is acceptable ) . I just wonder how come this book will treat as a out of print item ?
1559211407|5.0|84, Charing Cross Road should be the most boring book in English literature. All it is is a small collection of short, simply written letters between a small group of ordinary people. Furthermore, most of the letters are just book orders or thank you notes. Everything seems to be insignificant. But nothing here is. 84, Charing Cross Road captures real life and real people. The letters are filled with all types of emotions. There is humor (both droll and outrageous). The people all show an intense love of literature. Primarily in the book, the people of 84, Charing Cross Road emit compassion for other people. 84, Charing Cross Road is all about how a small group of people (primarily Helen Hanff and Frank Doel) built strong friendships and really enriched each others lives. 84, Charing Cross Road is a total joy to read, and I am sure I will revisit the pages many more times. And yes, I will (if I ever go to England) visit the bookshop at 84 Charing Cross Road and make a fool of myself by kissing it.
B000002IGP|4.0|Though there were a lot of \\"hair bands\\" in the 80's, many people mistakenly assume that this was the choice of the bands. The record companies made the decisions about hairstyles and spandex, not the bands. Unfortunately, too many people make decisions based on looks or what they hear on the radio. Ratt's music was and is worth listening to. Though they do not even come close to anything approaching a ballad, their music is well crafted. Some may complain that it is not \\"serious\\" music merely because it does not have the dark timbre of metallica or pearl jam -- these folks lack objectivity. Out of the Cellar contains a number of solid songs, including Round and Round (which is the most overplayed), and Wanted Man. Also check out Back for More and The Morning After. A good first effort, this album would set the stage for the next. If you're not afraid of loud solos and guitar work, it's worth the twelve bucks.
078322933X|3.0|It's 11:00 pm - do you know where your teenage daughter is? More importantly, do you know whom she's with?  Dubbed as the \\"Fatal Attraction for teens\\" by its own executive producer Brian Grazer, \\"Fear\\" follows the pattern of excitement and danger in one volatile package named David McCall, the obsessive boyfriend that is the centerpiece of this sophomoric thriller.  David's hapless victim and love interest is a high-school beauty named Nicole Walker (Witherspoon), a precocious but somewhat nave lass dealing with the typical teen angst and the added friction of her father's marriage to a younger woman (Brenneman).  Cutting class one day with Margo Masse (Milano) and Gary Rohmer (Caldecott), Nicole and friends pop into a local sports bar for some brief recreation.  While liberally puffing a cig, Margo ogles a group of men at a nearby pool table, marveling in particular at the grungiest guy of the group.  While Nicole disagrees with Margo's taste in men, she spots someone more of her own flavor, a handsome and brawny rogue that unwaveringly meets her lustful eye.  The moment is brief and they are gone within minutes, but Nicole bumps into him again that very evening at a raucous rave on the pier.  Their eyes meet again on the dance floor, bathed in neon lights and sandwiched by boisterous partygoers dancing to industrial rock.  Before you can say riot, they are running to the roof and away from police choppers crashing the hedonistic soiree.<br />As they retreat to a quiet spot overlooking the Seattle skyline, we find out that this seemingly polite and handsome fellow is David McCall, a wolf in sheep's skin.  David is skilled at his romantic ruse and soon worms his way into the hearts of Nicole's family, all except for one - Steven Walker, Nicole's protective papa.  There's no fooling this father and Steven knows better than anyone that David is an outright fraud.  Of course, Nicole's rebelliousness is what creates the melodrama and suspense of this teen thriller, and she defies her father repeatedly to great effect.  She falls in love and even after watching one of her friends being beaten to a pulp by David over a platonic embrace, she continues to see him and only fuels his burgeoning obsession.  As you can imagine, the relationship gets ugly real quick and has a definitive effect on Nicole's family and friends. People who lust for psychopathic scares will enjoy a particular scene where Wahlberg crudely scrawls \\"Nicole 4 Eva\\" on his chest with a blunt razor. Ouch!  Love hurts, ne c'est pas?<br />Bad-boy David is former rapper and one-time Calvin Klein underwear model Mark Wahlberg, the first of many roles that he took to branch out into film, beginning with minor spots in TV and then a bit part in 1994's \\"Renaissance Man\\".  \\"The Basketball Diaries\\" followed a year later, but his frightening turn as a jilted playboy brought his name to the lips of screaming girls everywhere.  He would later blow critics away in Paul Thomas Anderson's \\"Boogie Nights\\", a film centered around the late 1970's porn industry.<br />Reese Witherspoon had quite a resume before she was approached with \\"Fear\\", having made a name for herself back in 1991 in \\"Man On The Moon\\", a bittersweet coming-of-age drama. Playing a spunky Louisiana teen, she starred opposite Jason London and had her first on-screen kiss.  She's come a long way since then, having starred in successful vehicles such as \\"Pleasantville\\", \\"Cruel Intentions\\" and her Golden Globe-winning performance in 1999's \\"Election\\".  Although Reese is a splendid character actress, there's nothing for her to do here except play the victim and she does it modestly.  Other key players are TV stars William L. Petersen (CSI) as Witherspoon's wary papa and Amy Brenneman (Judging Amy) as Laura, Nicole's brash stepmother.<br />\\"Fear\\" may be a cheap substitute for a well-devised thriller, but Wahlberg kicks it up a few notches to a respectable and reasonably enjoyable level.  It will certainly make worrywart parents all the more prudent about whom their daughter chooses to date!parents all the more prudent about whom their daughter chooses to date!
B000002NAK|5.0|When I first saw this movie,I was like whoa. I thought it was the greatest! So when it came out on CD i just had to have it. I still listen to it ALL the time! The Madanna has a fantastic voice, along with other spectacular singers!
B000051VWW|5.0|Every song is sensual and relaxing yet moving.  It is a collection of music that takes a person into a place of harmonious melancholy while simultaneously stimulating one's romantic side.  Upon a first review of the album I did not fall in love with every song, but listen to the album end to end and you will undoubtedly come to appreciate and enjoy every moment of this complex and classic Sade work.
B000002NAK|5.0|When I first saw this movie,I was like whoa. I thought it was the greatest! So when it came out on CD i just had to have it. I still listen to it ALL the time! The Madanna has a fantastic voice, along with other spectacular singers!
B000005RHR|4.0|&quot;Selected Ambient Works&quot; is a masterpiece of sound.  Richard James, in his Aphex Twin persona, tested the limits of his equipment when he compiled the various tracks.  As a result, the sound will severely test the limits of your speakers.  This is particularly true of the bass, which is so heavy that I suspect in many instances that it is actually subsonic.  While I'm not about to question the accuracy of its title, this is not an ambient CD in the sense of a chill out and relax offering.  If you want that, check out the appropriately named &quot;Chill Out&quot; by KLF.  But if you want to hear cutting edge sound of the late 80s - eary 90s; sound that is so far removed from the mainstream that it remains cutting edge today, &quot;SAM&quot; is the way to go.  It's trippy, got a bit of a dance groove to it, and very very surreal.  It's a very good (repeated) listen.  (Except for &quot;Green Calx;&quot; that just grates.)
B00004Z459|4.0|I'm a rock fan, and I'm also a rap fan. However, I was never impressed by an artist who tried to blend the two genres. Until now. Linkin Park's debut CD, Hybrid Theory, is the current pinnacle of the rock-rap blend genre. Most of the songs are great; the tracks I enjoyed the most were In the End, One Step Closer, and Pushing Me Away.<br />If you have never heard Linkin Park before, let me give you an idea of what kind of music this is. The style is a lot like Limp Bizkit--heavy metal background music accompanied with rapping and occasional singing. However, even though Linkin Park's music is as loud and headache-inducing as any heavy metal, it actually has a sense of melody to it. That's more than I can say for Limp Bizkit, whose songs often sound like he just randomly strummed an electric guitar for a few minutes and recorded whatever came out as the background music.<br />All in all, I think Linkin Park will have a hard time topping Hybrid Theory. It's quite enjoyable to listen to the first time, and, unlike Limp Bizkit, the novelty doesn't wear off the second, third, or even fourth time around. Hell, I've been listening to Hybrid Theory for about a month now, and I'm still hooked.
0425107469|5.0|All I can say about this book is, I wouldn't want that creature chasing me!! Be prepared to be scared, this book will give you the creeps! Just a note: If you have seen the movie &quot;Watchers&quot;, do not even put it in the same category as this book, the movie was an embarrassment to Dean Koontz. The book win's hands down!!
B000002JS6|5.0|I own Back in Black and it gets used a lot!  I can't imagine any true AC/DC fan disliking anything about this album!
0385335482|5.0|What an interesting book!  First off, there aren't many books that deal with financial situations like this book did. And of those that do, I'm sure they're not nearly as entertaining and as funny as this one.  The main character in this book, Rebecca Bloomwood, is witty and very enjoyable to read about as she tries to deal with her financial problems. After reading a few British books, like the Bridget Jones' books, I thought I would get tired of reading them. But this book is completely different. It doesn't deal with Rebecca's problems with relationships, but her problems with her career and finances.  This is a true success story!! It's a wonderful story, and very well-written. I hope that Sophie Kinsella continues to write lively stories about such interesting people.
0767818040|5.0|BODY DOUBLE really is a brilliant thriller.  Sure, it does have the same concept as REAR WINDOW, but it has a completely different and ingenious plot that relies on a few lapses in logic to keep rolling along, but stays enthralling throughout.  Melanie Griffith as a porno actress(she seemed to be either a porno star, a prostitute or stripper in all of her early roles) is excellent and adds a lot of humour.  What violence there is(and there isn't much) isn't too graphic, although the weapon used for the killing may not be to everyones taste.  I can understand why people don't like this movie as there certainly are some moments of stupidity, two incidents with a dog, and a scene where Wasson sees the killer attacking a women in a van, tries to alert a policeman to the situation and gets one of the most ridiculous responses you'll ever see(I must admit that this part is very poor), plus the ending is a bit stock standard compared to rest of the film, but then again how many movies do have truly great endings?, not many.  Anyway, make sure you see it, don't over analyse it too much and just soak up the atmosphere.<br />The start is almost exactly the same as BLOW OUT although I think it is done better in BLOW OUT.
B000002H97|5.0|This is definitely one of the best Metallica cd's I've ever heard and it has some of their greatest songs ever.  I didn't become a Metallica fan until about a year ago, but I love them so much and I feel like I've been a fan forever. I think they are THE greatest band of the 80's, the 90's, and of the future.  They've lasted a lot longer than many of the bands that were out when they first started, and they're still going strong.  They deserve all the success in the world for being so incredibly talented in their music. My favorites on this album are &quot;Enter Sandman,&quot; &quot;The Unforgiven,&quot; &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; (one of the best rock songs ever made), and &quot;Sad But True.&quot;  But, really, all these songs are great. Another great cd from a great band!!
B000002UDB|5.0|MMT is one of the greatest album of the Beatles. It is probaly the most diverse album besides the White Album and Sgt. Peppers. This is a must for your collection. But if you are not aqqauinted with the Beatles i would stay away. Start out with &quot;The Beatles 1&quot;. <br />The album starts out with the most inviting &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;. It makes me want to &quot;roll-up&quot;. Kind of repetitive too.<br />The next song is my favorite on the album-&quot;The Fool on the Hill&quot;. It is a great story song of a rejected person who knows everything about the surrounding area, but is rejected by the other people. This is one of the Beatles greatest ballads.<br />Next comes &quot;Flying&quot;. This is a psychadelic song that is very easy going and easy to listen to. I wished they would have put words in it though.....<br />&quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; comes next. A creepy, spooky, dark song by Harrison. The verses are spooky, but the refrain is not bad, not that spooky, creepy, and dark is bad. This is a great song especially when your in the car.<br />The title &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; is kind of deceiving for this song. This song is about dancing, instead of what it seem like it would be.... That is all i can say about this song because it is GREAT!!! My second Favorite!<br />&quot;I am the Walrus&quot; is my third favorite. One of the Beatle's classics. This is one of the reasons i bought this CD. It is very psychadelic. This is gaurenteed it to be one of your favorites! It is kinda strange too.<br />The following &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, &quot;Hello, Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Feilds Forever&quot;, and &quot;All you Need is Love&quot; are great songs. All are great boosts to the album. <br />But &quot;Baby You're A Rich Man&quot; in my book isn't at the same caliber as the rest of the songs, but I still like to listen to it because it adds a ton of diverstiy to this album.<br />MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR is worth every penny you will pay for it.I advise all Beatles fans like me to check it out!<br />Thank You
B000056K04|4.0|I've read alot of bad reviews for this CD, and I have to say that I don't understand the negativity. I really enjoy listening to this CD. I think the music is great, Dave's singing is wonderful, and all in all, it's just a nice CD to listen all the way through.  I'm not an old Dave Matthews fan. I've only heard his songs that they play on the radio. And I actually bought \\"Before These Crowded Streets\\" and didn't really like it. But, I decided to give this CD a chance 'cause I enjoyed the songs that they play on the radio. I guess if you're an old fan, maybe the music's different and you don't like. But as people change and get older, their music will change too. I guess that's what happend to Metallica. They have many new fans, but their old ones want them to stay the same. But come one!!  People change over time. And the music will too. So, for any new Dave fans, I think this CD is wonderful. And if you're an old fan, give it a chance anyway. It's a great CD!
B0000047CW|5.0|the perfect introduction to U.S.-filtered bossa nova.  I say 'U.S.' because the sound Charlie Byrd and Stan Getz bring to these classics are considerably smoother and broader than originals which can be often raspy or intensely private, but always richly nuanced.  Getz's playing is masterfully self-effacing, never virtuosic for its own sake: you might forget he's even there as he conducts intimate conversations with Byrd's often Reinhardt-like guitar, or the quietly insistent rhythms, and yet he is the soul of this beach music that sounds so sad.<br />The best tracks are the old Jobim favourites 'Desafinado' and 'One note samba', in which the familiar melodies are taken through the most intricate, yet never alienating, variations, always obeying that hypnotic bossa nova beat.  'E Luxo Se' is a wide-eyed beauty, beaming the kind of melody that makes you instantly happy no matter how miserable you felt before you heard it.  The same could be said for the whole of this marvellous album, perhaps best listened to at night when you're feeling weary, ready to dream...
B00004U2HK|5.0|This is a great classic.  I bought it for my Mother because she likes the movie so much.  The songs in it are catchy, and it has a nice love story.  It also includes kids.  A great family movie when there are really none these days.  By the way after my Mom watched this version she was glad to see the extra footage.  She was really happy to have it.
6303471714|5.0|I am 24 yrs old...I have had this video since I was 18 and I love it.  I workout to this video on alternating days with &quot;The Next Challenge.&quot; I like Shape Your Body the best b/c I feel it really isolates the problem areas. The Next Challenge is good in the aspect it keeps you jumping around and changing forms quickly. I can see and more importantly feel a difference in my body. My arms, legs, and bottom became toned very quickly however my abs and lower stomach took awhile longer. I have commitmented myself to these videos......they make me look great and feel awesome. Whoever said this was unsafe...wasn't talking about me. I have been doing the video for years and I have gained only positive results. Buy this tape, work hard, and expect results....oh and to be sore!
6300183211|1.0|I have to admit, I haven't seen such a bad movie since \\"You've Got Mail.\\" This so called \\"epic\\" is a disgrace to all ganster movies. It dragged on for way to long. The entire time I was watching it, I kept wondering, \\"So when is this going to be over?\\" The only part of this movie that actually earned that star is the performance put on by Al Pacino. He, of corse, did an amazing job in protraying a cuban druglord...The plot was going nowhere in the first 5 minutes. This movie got way to much credit for a horrible performance!
B000000OPU|5.0|All I remember about this album's original release was that 1) I had received an advance promotional copy and predicted that Sledgehammer would be a number one song and 2) all my friends who were die-hard Gabriel/Genesis fans hated it.  I mean, really despised it because Peter Gabriel had decided to &quot;sell out&quot;.  My answer to that is the same then as it is now...so what?  <br />In listening to this album, it doesn't really come across that he's trying to write hits for the radio.  What does come across is perhaps the most atmospheric album ever recorded.  Every song seems to blend and support the others, even if you hit random play on your CD deck.  That can't be unintentional.  This is a mood piece, a record to listen to time and time again when you need to reach a part of your soul that you haven't heard from in a while.  Okay, so Sledgehammer is a funky hit single.  What about Red Rain, In Your Eyes, Mercy Street, and especially Don't Give Up?  I had a tremendous amount of hope for the future of popular music when this album received the accolades it did.  Sadly we've devolved back into the no-thinking-required garbage of teeny bopper boy bands.  It's time to tap back in to true creativity and musical power.
B000001EGA|5.0|Captain Fantastic &amp; The Brown Dirt Cowboy is the most personal album Elton John has ever recorded.  A concept album, it conveys stories from the lives of Mr. John and his co-writer Bernie Taupin.  The title track opens the album with an old west sound that tells of Captain Fantastic (Mr. John) and the Brown Dirt Cowboy (Mr. Taupin) and their search for fame.  It is a great track.  &quot;Bitter Fingers&quot; tells of the struggles of writing a hit song when your world is falling down around you. &quot;(Gotta Get A) Meal Ticket&quot; is a ripper about a starving artist while &quot;Better Off Dead&quot; deals with Mr. John's dark thoughts.  &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; also deals with his suicidal thoughts and is actually based on a real life event in which Mr. John tried to kill himself by sticking his head in a lit oven.  The song still managed to become a top ten hit despite its somber subject matter.  &quot;Curtains&quot; closed the original album and it is an operatic, stirring finale to a brilliant album.  The bonus tracks are three classics including his number one hit, reggae flavored version of The Beatles &quot;Lucy In The Diamonds&quot; which features Dr. Winston O'Boogie on guitar.  Dr. O'Boogie is of course John Lennon who became good friends with Mr. John and also collaborated on the achingly beautiful &quot;One Day At A Time&quot;.  The album closes with another number one hit, the powerful, catchy and rolling &quot;Philadelphia Freedom&quot; which was written as a tribute another friend, Billie Jean King, named after her tennis team.  Mr. John was so popular at this time that Captain Fantastic &amp; The Brown Dirt Cowboy became his sixth consecutive number one album and the first album ever to debut at number one on the Billboard album charts.
0792151712|4.0|Overrated by its admirers, underrated by its critics, \\"Titanic\\" is neither a masterpiece nor an abomination, as some have been wont to label it.  What it is, in fact, is one of the greatest anomalies in cinema history--a genuinely stirring, wrenchingly powerful drama, saddled with a screenplay so banal and unconvincing you can't help but marvel at its stupidity.  Never before has so much been wrought from so little.<br />The plot by now is well-known, and far be it from me to waste Amazon.com's valuable space by subjecting you to a recap.  What should be mentioned, however, is that amidst the clichs stands a love story that, against all odds, succeeds.  Certainly, Leonardo diCaprio and Kate Winslet are given some of the script's worst lines, but the sheer strength and likeability of their performances elevates them above the paper-thin stereotypes they have to work with.  It may very well be the acting coup of the century.<br />The same can hardly be said of anyone else.  Side characters, such as Rose's materialistic snob of a mother and her scowling snot of a fianc, are so wooden that their very presence becomes painful.  Even Kathy Bates, as the \\"unsinkable\\" Molly Brown, can't do much to enliven the proceedings.  And as the now-ancient, modern-day Rose, poor Gloria Stuart is forced to say things like \\"A woman's heart is an ocean of secrets,\\" while Bill Paxton and his crew have nothing to do but look on and pretend that they're actually taking her seriously.<br />But once ship and iceberg collide, \\"Titanic\\" finally kicks into gear, and what follows is both thrilling and utterly devastating--a disaster flick of the highest order.  Director James Cameron is nothing if not a technical and visual wizard, and the way he presents the ship's sinking, documenting a tragedy of unspeakably massive proportions while still managing to tighten the screws on Jack and Rose's situation, is quite brilliant.  Indeed, \\"Titanic's\\" second half is filled<br />with individual momentsthat grip and resonate, and Cameron even manages a few instances of heart-stopping lyricism.<br />In the end, \\"Titanic\\" is a big, dumb, unwieldy mess of a movie that by some undeserved miracle finds a way to soar on the wings of its own excesses.  The script is enough to make even the most incompetent of wordsmiths cringe, but the fact that the film still moves and engages--almost in spite of itself--suggests that it has moved into a realm where words no longer matter.  That's not necessarily a good thing, and it certainly doesn't bode well for the future of screenwriting, but it's an achievement nonetheless.  I suggest that when watching the film again--and it holds up remarkably well under repeat viewings--you try to remember \\"Titanic\\" as it was before the hype blew it to smithereens, before it won James Cameron a pair of Oscars to match his cojones, before Celine Dion's unmitigated screeching drove radio listeners to mass suicide.  Lurking beneath all that unsavory window-dressing is a surprisingly powerful moviegoing experience.
B000000H5J|5.0|Fear Factory's &quot;Demanufacture&quot; is without question, the greatest Fear Factoy album recorded. No filler tracks here. Just spine-crushing riffs by Dino, INCREDIBLE drumming by Raymond, AWESOME bass playing by Christian and great singing and screaming by Burton C. Bell on EVERY track. You can't go wrong on this album - it's too damn great!<br />Tracks are:<br />1. Demanufacture: MASSIVELY heavy song. Set's the mood for the rest of the album. Dino riffs are AWESOME! Burton C. Bell proves he can sing as well as scream on this song.<br />2. Self Bias Resistor: This song should be a drummer's anthem. Raymond's work is Unbelievable! This is many people's favorite track on the album and rightfully so! Awesome riffs, but Burton C. Bell vocals stand out in this song. This Song has one of the, if not THE greatest chorus in Metal music history. A plain GREAT song.<br />3. Zero Signal: GREAT SONG! One of the best on the album. This should have been a single!!!! Dino's work on this song is GREAT with bone-breaking riffs. Raymond also is great on this song. Great use of Synthesizers as well.<br />4. Replica: The album's most popular song. Fear Factory even did a video for this song. It's an great song. Awesome intro and great lyrics. Again, a great song.<br />5. New Breed: A interesting mix of Techno and Metal. This is probably my least favorite track on the album, but it still is pretty cool. Great use of Synthesizers to get that Techo sound. It's kinda weird at first listen, but you'll start to like it as you listen to it more.<br />6. Dog Day Sunrise: A cover from the band Head Of David. GREAT SONG! Very cool riffs (although there are only 2 in the whole song. They definelty blew the original version away.<br />7. Body Hammer: AWESOME riffs! A great song with good lyrics and Raymond again kickin' massive @$$ on the drums.<br />8. Flashpoint. One of the most Brutal, Fast, and INSANELY heavy songs EVER. And all packed in under 3 minutes. AWESOME bass intro and Massive vocals by Burton. Too bad they don't play this live often.<br />9. H-K (Hunter-Killer): My favortie song on the Ablum! INCREDIBLE SONG! HEAVY guitars and GREAT lyrics and singing by Burton. They need to play this live more often. Just a plain great song.<br />10. Pisschrist: Wow. That's all I can say about this song. I never knew how opposed to religious hypocrisy Burton is. An GREAT song and Dino has some of his best work on this song. But be warned, if you are deeply relgious, you will most likely be offened by this song. However, it still rules!<br />11. A Therapy For Pain: A Nice, slow way to finish the album. Clocking just under 10 minutes, this song seems VERY long. When Burton stops singing, we hear the Synthesizers yet again for 4-5 minutes. A very moving song.<br />Well, like I said, This is the BEST Fear Factory album. All Fear Factory beginners should start here. All fans of Techo Metal will love this as well as just-metal lovers. One of the greatest metal albums EVER. Definetly check it out.
B00003CXAT|5.0|I never saw this in 1993, in fact, I saw The Lost World first. I was littler then, and the special effects astounded me. The rest was so-so. My dad bought this DVD and I watched it alone when they were gone. WOW! This was fantastic! The movie is wonderful. Everything about it is top-notch (Diretor, Soundtrack, Actors, Special Effects, etc)! My favorite are the Raptors. They're intelligent, fast, killing machines. The T-Rex was great too, don't get me wrong, but it never matched up to the cold and savage Raptors. ...
B000009ED0|4.0|This cd features great beats on singles like only god knows why, i am the bullgod, cowboy, bawitdaba, wasting time, and devil without a cause, to name a few that i've heard elsewhere besides the album. Kid refers to a lot of the same things in different songs like being a so-called 'pimp' for instance. But vulgarity overwhelm featuring drugs, violence, and sex. Kid does the Will Smith &quot;I'm so great&quot; theme. Which isn't a terribly bad thing but can seem annoying.
B000001DYY|5.0|I have been a TFF fan since the start. But let me get to the point...this album is incredible. I actually won the album from a radio station years ago a couple days before release, because I was eagerly awaiting its arrival.... well, many,many years later and I am still listening to it. Incredible production: This album just sounds great! Orzabal is a true music genius that will probably never receive the credit he deserves. I will never understand why his voice alone has not caught the attention of more people. And the music...it is raw emotion, thoughts alone from an empty room that is full of  people, the past, the present, infinity. Listen to this album three times and you will understand. Words cannot do it justice, so I will stop.  Peace
B00000JCB2|4.0|If you've heard Nookie on the radio or somewhere you know this cd is gonna be awesome, and don't think for a second your the least bit wrong. Also, other releases like N2gether, Break Stuff, and re-Arranged are excellent. Featured artists include Method Man and Jonathan from KoRn. Over an hour of great stuff.
630439845X|5.0|I had heard great things about this movie ever since its release.  When I finally bought it (7 years later) and watched it, I was blown away....by the story, by the acting, by the direction, by the scenery, by the music, by the piano playing (Do you know how difficult that music was?  And Holly Hunter played it all herself!)<br />When I read the reviews here at amazon.com (82 of them as of today), all the negative ones seemed to have one thing in common....they didn't get it.  And apparently they still don't.<br />  The Piano is one of the most emotionally gripping movies I have ever watched, and is now certainly on my list of favorites.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|The Offspring aren't a very serious group, usually. So they express that with songs like &quot;Pretty Fly (For A White Guy),&quot; &quot;Americana,&quot; and &quot;Why Don't You Get A Job.&quot; This album, in my opinion, was very close to the explicit lyrics warning. On the album they swear a hell of a lot more than Godsmack's &quot;Awake&quot;, Which does have the parental warnings.
0140149295|5.0|'The Hurricane' was one of the best films I have seen. And for a film to make me want to read it's extra special. 'The Sixteenth Round' is extremely well writen, because no one can write a champion's life story better than himself. The story of Rubin Carter caught my attention when I was researching into my sport's history. As a Junior Welsh Amateur Champion myself I can understand what being on top really feels like, to have to watch every little thing you do incase something can be used against you in the future. This book has inpired me to learn even more about Rubin Carter. After reading this book I felt like I knew Mr. Carter and wanted to help him somehow. My wish is to meet, my hero, Mr. Carter.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit lacks a song like Nookie on this album. But they also have great releases like Rollin' and My Way. Limp displays a wide variety of topics for the songs, like breaking up and being picked on to name a couple. The cd's length is over 70 minutes so paying thirteen some odd dollars for this title is worth it.
B000003N7G|5.0|I bought this CD when I was trying to get acquainted with Jazz. It taught me something I try always to remember:  cagegories are created by marketing departments; musicians create music, and the music on this CD is sublime.  It's just a beautiful, beautiful performance.
B00000IPAX|4.0|An argualble explicit lyrics title, this cd is great punk. Blink mixes humor with growing up. And a lot of the songs also refer to girls like &quot;Going Away To College,&quot; &quot;Dumpweed,&quot; &quot;Dysentary Gary,&quot; and &quot;The Party Song.&quot;
B000002NJS|5.0|&quot;Ray of light&quot; is a complet turn around for Madonna.Telling the World about having too many lovers and being self centered.It seems Motherhood has changed Madonna,but the old girls still with us when you look at the pictures in the inside CD cover.&quot;Ray of Light,The Power of Goodbye,&quot; Nothing really Matters,&quot;and the beutifull,&quot;Little Star,&quot; are my   favorite cuts.&quot;Ray of Light,&quot; is a work of Art.Madonna's Concept Record.
B00004Z459|5.0|Look at bands like Limp Bizkit and Slipknot. They swear alot. But Linkin Park is less screaming into the mic. Great rock music and interesting lyrics about paranoia and the sort. Even though the cd is only less than 40 minutes long and the songs are all about three minutes long (there are 12 tracks), the songs are great.
031286504X|5.0|One of the best screenplays and potential movie classic, it still hasn't been made yet!!! What's the delay? budget.<br />that's how i came to reading this book. it's WICKED awesome. the visuals and the action just keeps on pumping, i never really thought that books could really be so action packed as an action flick but here it is. Just the title alone is action packed. &quot;I AM LEGEND!!!!&quot;.<br />if you play computer games this is like Duke Nukem crossed with Doom and Nocturne.<br />and if you saw Blade and you liked it, take that and multiply by 100 and you'll have I AM LEGEND!
B00005N5S5|5.0|I am really pleased with this DVD first of all it is widescreen anamorpic, which is always a good thing if you own a widescreen tv. Second of all the soundtrack sounds excellent and with these come a load of extra features which I think DVD's were made for.  If you loved the Terminator 2 DVD then you'll totally love this.
B0000039LE|5.0|This still highly effective 1978 suspense thriller from director John Carpenter ranks, alongside CARRIE and JAWS, as one of the finest horror movies of the 1970s.  Its story of a masked maniac who escapes from a mental hospital to terrorize babysitters in his former hometown works because of Carpenter's attention to suspense and atmosphere, as well as the obvious homages to Hitchcock's PSYCHO.  And until THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT overturned it in '99, it was the most successful indie-horror film of all time, making something like $50 million on a budget of just $375,000.<br />I saw one reviewer here who complained slightly about the lack of gore in the murder scenes in HALLOWEEN.  I think that this is precisely the point.  The psychological shocks and the feeling of utter helplessness experienced by Jamie Lee Curtis' character are more than scary enough; there didn't NEED to be any gore.  Interestingly, though set in Illinois, Carpenter actually filmed it in Los Angeles and surrounding suburbs, including South Pasadena.<br />Even though it was followed by several increasingly listless sequels and a ton of gory, bloody imitators, HALLOWEEN is still one of the finest hours (or, in this case, 99 minutes) in the entire horror genre.
B000002C2E|5.0|A very, very good latter-day Bob Dylan album that is almost as good as his classics. Although it doesn't contain the long narrarative, stream-of-consciousness lyrics or revel in complex wordplay like many of his earlier classics, it instead radiates a maturity and sincerity that is rarely to be found in music of any kind these days. The lyrics are almost entirely bitter and resigned, and, at times, quite cynical, sung in Dylan's dry voice in his old age, often seemingly spitting the lyrics out in contempt. Starting with the opener Love Sick (one of Dylan's strongest songs in years), the album seems to show a cynical and bittersweet attitude towards love, one that Dylan puts across convincingly. Such tracks as it, Standing In The Window, Not Dark Yet, and Tryin' To Get To Heaven picture a self-conscious, world-weary man apparently full of regret and longing. Dylan paints a more convincing &quot;self-portrait&quot; on this album than on that infamous album of the same name. The lone optimistic bright spot on this record is the beautiful love ballad Make You Feel My Love, which is sung here with utmost sincerity and feeling by Dylan, making it, perhaps, one of his overall best ballads. (It was covered by both Billy Joel and Garth Brooks soon after it's release.) The 16+ minute closer, Highlands, is a long, rambling narrarative, with seemingly little point on the surface, but is an extension of the &quot;rambling&quot; character and thus a fitting close to the album. The musical backing on this album is not as sparse and acoustic as Dylan has been, nor is it a full rock-out. It is, for the most part, rooted firmly in blues (again, with the exception of Make You Feel), and a bit unique for him in that respect. The production on this album is also totally old-school. In fact, it seems more &quot;old sounding&quot; than do most of his 60's and 70's albums. Odd... and not necessarily a virtue, but it fits the album. I highly reccomend this CD to any fan of Dylan, or, reallygood music at all. It didn't win Album of The Year for nothing, people. Get it today.
6304288433|2.0|HALLOWEEN 2 is a unique film in many ways, because it picks up the chain of events of the original HALLOWEEN basically right at the end of that film and continues them.  Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Pleasance are back, with the masked figure known as Michael Myers still stalking the streets of Haddonfield.  This time, much of the murderous mayhem is centered around the local clinic where Curtis has been hospitalized...and here it is revealed exactly why the madman is targeting her.<br />Because Michael Myers couldn't even be stopped by Pleasance's gun at the end of HALLOWEEN 1, this sequel may actually have been necessary.  And certainly for the most part, director Rick Rosenthal, helped by ace cinematographer Dean Cundey (who later shot JURASSIC PARK and APOLLO 13), keeps his focus on suspense, in the tradition of the original.<br />But something sure went wrong when it was finished.  Reportedly, feeling that this suspenseful emphasis might make HALLOWEEN 2 look old-fashioned in light of such HALLOWEEN-inspired imitators such as FRIDAY THE 13TH, Carpenter (who was only co-producer/co-writer this time, along with Debra Hill) went back in (without Rosenthal's knowledge) and shot some graphically gory murder inserts.  This is really a shame!  The sequel may have been necessary, but the explicit violence and gore weren't!<br />This makes HALLOWEEN 2, for me, a curiously disappointing film.  Had Carpenter not tinkered with Rosenthal's methods by trying to liven up things with a bunch of unnecessarily gory murders, this could have equalled the original.  Instead, it's not much better than HALLOWEEN's many imitators.
B00005JHAB|3.0|The Wedding Planner was a good Romantic comedy. But something about the movie's chemistry was keeping it from being a Great Romantic Comedy. I suppose it could have been because of the image that Jennifer had [...] being on stage half naked and then trying to play a wholesome girl nextdoor type on screen. It made it kind of hard to really get into the movie for me because these two images were so far at odd's with one another. Other than that I think that the acting was good and this is not a bad movie by any means. I would recommend seeing this movie. But it's not a must see type of movie.
6300216403|5.0|As a movie buff, I have viewed and enjoyed a number of pictures, but I have never considered one of them my &quot;all-time favorite movie.&quot;  Then I saw &quot;Paper Moon.&quot;  Ryan and Tatum O'Neal's on-screen chemistry sparkles.  If you love witty comedy, not to mention a bit of suspense and emotion, this is for you.  I decided to have my mother watch it with me one night, and before she would consent to seeing it, she said, &quot;Now is this 'Paper Moon' going to depress me?&quot;  I couldn't help but laugh.  &quot;No,&quot; I said, &quot;it's a happy movie.&quot;  And it is.  I can't help but smile, each and every time I watch it.
0385335482|5.0|I dont even remember the last time I read a book that truly made me laugh out loud, still twenty minutes after putting the book down.  This book is very funny, it makes me think of things that I wish I would do.  Rebecca is one of the funniest characters and what she felt in the begining of the book when she saw the sale for the scarves I truly felt my heart skip a beat because I knew what she was talking about and also the feeling.  I so highly recommend this book and have also lent to many of my friends who also feel the same way I do.
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;OK Computer&quot; developes around this theme: the machine of modern life is crushing everything human out of people, turning us into robots.  this album is SO beautiful.  every time i listen to it i cant help but imagine that Radiohead pulled the sounds on this album from outer space, because it does not sound of this world.  This album sounds about a decade ahead of its time.  it sounds anxious, paranoid (paranoid android), desperate, insane, hopeless.  the progression is so perfect... THE SONGS!<br />1. Airbag- about appreciating life, specifically an appreciation of the fact that you are alive after a near encounter with death.  this song has a techno sort of feel to it but some incredible guitar work.<br />2. Paranoid Android- aside from being a Douglas Adams reference, Paranoid Android is one of the best songs ever recorded. it sounds like three songs pieced together, because it is.  the first &quot;part&quot; feels like a first person account of modern life, and trying to escape the effects of it.  this part of the song has a very uppity, energetic feel.  in the second part of the song, i feel that thom yorke is striking out at everyone, second person point of view.  the music becomes very cynical in this second part of the song. the third part: the music become desperate, thom wails away lightly, sounding defeated.  this section feels first person at first, as thom cries &quot;rain down, rain down, come on rain down on me, from a great height&quot;... but then the lyrics turn into a third person, outside observation of the world.  &quot;the dust and the screaming, the yuppies networking... the panic, the vomit, the panic, the vomit, God loves his children, God loves his children, yeah!&quot;<br />3. Subterranean Homesick Alien- about wishing to escape this would via alien abduction.  of all the songs on the album, this one sound the most like it came from another planet.<br />4. Exit Music (For a Film)- think soft accoustic, think Thom Yorke's voice atits best: soft, almost a whisper.  its about escaping, about a young couple in love.  it fits into the album perfectly, and the timing is incredible, its saying escape, escape before its too late.  too late for what?  read on.<br />5. Let Down- &quot;Transport, motorways and tramlines, starting and then stopping, taking off and landing, the emptiest of feelings,  disappointed people, clinging on to bottles, and when it comes it's so, so, disappointing.&quot;  what more can i say, people work so hard, suffer so much, what do they get?  nothing, or at least not what they expected.  this song has and optimistic sound, light, plucky guitar with a swift pace.<br />6. Karma Police- nice piano, deeper, darker bass line, sorta seems about what people get for their behavior, whatever that is.<br />7.Fitter, Happier- no music, a computer voice.  reciting... a list.  &quot;Fitter, happier, more productive, comfortable, not drinking too much, regular exercise at the gym (3 days a week), getting on better with your associate employee contemporaries&quot;.  this song is beautiful satire.  a sort of list of what modern life has become.  is the assymilation theme portrayed better anywhere else in the album?!  i think not! the song starts off as such funny satire, but as it progresses, simple background piano and distorted sounds, coupled with increasingly depressing lyrics &quot;no longer afraid of the dark or midday shadows, nothing so ridiculously teenage and desperate, nothing so childish - at a better pace, slower and more calculated,no chance of escape,now self-employed, concerned (but powerless), an empowered and informed member of society&quot; make the song so heartachinly true it makes one want to burst out into tears.  the song ends with these words &quot;healthier and more productive, a pig in a cage on antibiotics.&quot;<br />8. Electioneering- faster, heavier, more distorted.  the song is about how big business has made it irrelevant who is in power, how the almightydollar overshadows what is right.<br />9. Climbing Up The Walls- extremely dark, propelled by a powerfully effective base line, and erie, echoing electronic sounds. around two minutes in, haunting guitar comes into play, but still acts as an accompaniement to the central beat of the song. the beat of the song builds up, but always comes down, untill about three minutes and seven seconds, at which point thom finishes wailing &quot;climbing up the walls!!!&quot; and the guitar just EXPLODES into an incredible solo.  extremely distorted, the high wailing guitar lasts a mere 24 seconds, at which points the song falls into a faster paced version of its previously dark beat, with a little bit of guitar accompaniement.  thom cries &quot;climbing up the walls&quot; a few more times near the close of the song, and collapses into a blood curdling scream after the second time (the scream gives me shivers up my spine every time i hear it).  the song is about insanity, fear.  this song is horribly horribly horribly real, it literally scares me.<br />10. No Surprises- i can't really explain it but this song sounds like a lullaby, a great transition after the pure emotion and power of the previous song.  &quot;such a pretty house, and such a pretty garden, no alarms and no surprises... please&quot;.  the mediocrity of middle class life anyone?<br />11. Lucky- i feel this song is about how we should all feel very lucky for how normal our lives are compared to all the stuff this album discusses, that is unless you are one of the people abovementioned by the previous songs on this album.<br />12. The Tourist- so so beautiful, the song feels like a lazy, warm summer day.  thoms voice is appropriately light.  the chorus of the song &quot;hey man, slow down, slow down... idiot, slow down, slow down&quot; is a warning.  it sums up what i feel the overall message of the album is... and that is &quot;you can avoid this, just slow down&quot;.
0380804557|4.0|This is an excellent children's story.  Gaiman (when writing somewhat juvenille fiction) doesn't dumb down the writing by much; he just carefully words topics that little ones shouldn't pay too much attention to.  I'd recommend this highly, as it is a good, quick read.
B00005B36H|4.0|The Musical tracks on this album are excellent (Particularly Schism).  However, Maynard and Co. filled up way too much space on the disc with useless, boring interludes.  It is still worth buying, though.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|You must see this film!! I know this soundtrack could be enjoyed by someone who hasn't seen the film, but if you have this soundtrack will take you back to the Moulin Rouge. I listen to this CD all the time. Ewan Mcgregor reaaly has a voice. You have never heard anything like this. Many songs from the 20th century sang in such a way as you have never heard and will crave to hear again and again. My favorite is track # 12 El tango de roxane, you will go crazy when you hear this. It is Sting's song Roxane sung by a gruff voiced man with violins playing very dark and heavy. Ilove it! Did I mention you must see this film? I hope this soundtrack tides me over till the DVD release of this film.
0399142533|5.0|Great start to the series (though I feel he has not plotted as well since). The perfect beach read - hardcore violence, excellent plot, geat twists and a main character made for the movies.
0553579908|5.0|The Song of Fire &amp; Ice series is bound to be a fantasy classic. Martin is a master at fleshing out his characters in a way that makes you feel that you know them. Don't get too attached to anybody though, as it isn't always the villain who gets killed off.<br />I would compare Martin's work with Stephen R. Donalson and his Thomas Covenant series. Martin's writing style is superior however as he does not tend to be so wordy or repetitious.<br />If you like fantasy this series should be on your &quot;to read&quot; list.
B00005ATQI|4.0|This film, in my opinion, is the best horror film ever made.  The historical hotel setting is perfect. Hundreds of miles from anyone, on the side of a mountain, the &quot;Overlook&quot; hotel waits, with the icy snow piled high againt the doors outside, the art deco Native American furnishings indoors, a fire crackling in the huge fireplace, a typewriter....is that &quot;Midnight with the Stars and You&quot; playing in the Gold Ballroom? Can't be. You are the only one here...or are you? There is an evil presence from the 1920's in the Overlook. The hotel seems to take over your husband's/father's mind and he is hunting you down like a wild animal. The hotel wants you to check in and stay forever and ever and ever. Who will be added to the Overlook's &quot;History&quot; next?  Jack Nicholson (Jack Torrance) is excellent! As are Shelley Duvall (Wendy Torrance) and Danny Lloyd (Danny Torrance). This is one film that will stay with you for quite some time. So &quot;go check it out!&quot;.
B00004WGYA|5.0|This version of RIO on CD is Superb!! The versions of the songs on this cd are the same versions that were on the original release of this cd. Mr. Karney must not be too much of a fan not to realize this.!! So By all means, enjoy this disc in all of it's remastered glory!! As well as the extra cdrom Videos for &quot;RIO, Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; and &quot; Save a Prayer&quot;!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0671027573|1.0|I am astonished at the rave reviews this horrible book received.  The premise was weak from the start, but I thought that this would be some fun 'brain candy'.  I was wrong.  The characters are depthless cliches and the humor is entirely contrived.  I found not one glimmer of originality.  It's driving me crazy that I can't give this book less than one star.<br />I am looking forward to using this book for kindling this fall.  DON'T BUY IT.
0790733226|2.0|Robert Zemeckis' worst film. Jodie Foster's worst performance. Given the potential of the crew, this is one of the worst movies of the 1990's. It's nearly as bad as Twister and bad for the same reasons: lazy direction with 2 minutes of visuals serving as compensation. A real low point in the career of some brilliant artists.
B000002AHC|5.0|with all due respect to John Lennon... The greatest conceptual masterpiece to grace the planet. In the beginning, were the Byrds.  Then, in spring 1966, (after virtually the only going ons in '65-Mr.  Tamb.&amp;Turn Turn) they recorded 5TH DIMENSION--absolutely amazing. But this album's of its own different nature.  Greatest songwriting, greatest musicianship...Finest representation  of the concept album...Mcguinn and company...
B0000009N1|5.0|Some people think Frank Zappa wasn't great because he made some music which had a certain commercial potential, or because he broke up the original mothers of invention, or because he 'used' other people's musical ideas. Well Einstein 'used' Riemann geometry doing his theory of relativity, and other maths besides. He was still a genius though. Similarly, Frank used ideas by other composers to make great music of his own. Just because he used some other people's ideas doesn't mean he hadn't any of his own-he did. Everybody in music uses ideas from other composers, that's how music progressed. Even Captain Beefheart used blues and free jazz. As for the comment that he foisted us with 20+ years of mediocre blues based jamming, these are the words of a guy with a tin ear. Zappa on guitar was very inventive indeed and had a great continuity to his long solos, was great at melodies and compositions. You won't hear solos like zappa's on other records, he has a unique voice. He was a great composer, despite what some think, e.g that he was only good at musical production and satire. He was a great genius and should be remembered as one of the greats. Oh yeah, hot rats is a damn fine album, by the way.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok Computer is definitely radiohead's best album ever.  I own most of their other albums, and I feel that ok computer stands out from among them.  It is the type of album that you can put on and listen to as you fall asleep for the night, and at the same time it is high energy enough to listen to when in the mood to party.  Songs like &quot;Let Down&quot;, &quot;Karma Police&quot;, and &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; will satisfy those who have the urge to sing along.
B000002OK3|1.0|Do yourselves a favour kids, save your money don't go to the show,i mean don't buy this soundtrack. Here are some tips about it. It runs for a mere 29 minutes. That's awfully short. There are 8 songs and 8 portions of dialogue. most of these portions of dialogue last a few seconds, radio announcements of songs. The best portion is the harvey keitel bit, 'if the manager thinks he's Charles Bronson, cut off one of his fingers'. The songs now. Little green is a decent enough song, cocunut is a good song. i gotcha is okay. Stuck in the middle with you is a good song but has been ruined for me because it has been played to death on tv and radio. The other 4 songs are a joke. so basically it's a total waste of money. The pulp fiction soundtrack is a lot better than this one. Stop.
0306801515|4.0|This book could even give Stress Analysis a good name. The author does an exceedingly good job of explaining the property or behavior of a material. He then proceeds to demonstrate the direct relationship between the properties and how the material is utilized and how it affects of the overall design of the structure.  The book discusses why construction steel really is the preferred material for most large structures.  Comparisons of soft metal chain vs. high tensile strength suspension bridges or bi-plane vs. monoplane design are discussed. I would recommend this for anybody that wants a well rounded basic understanding of why structures are the designed the way they are. The math is at a minimum, the concepts are very well explained and real world examples are used frequently to keep it interesting.  The author's career has exposed him to a multitude of design failures and successes. He readily explains them along with his philosophy of design and accident prevention.    This is another one of those books that can in a few chapters explain the major goals and problems in the modern field of design and materials science.
B000003489|4.0|Another quality entry into the John Coltrane discography. He was one of the greats, along with Dolphy,miles davis and in rock, hendrix and Zappa(Hot rats)
B0000025H4|5.0|This review will probably be redundant, but no matter...I still get chills listening to it, and it never gets dated.  I remember when I first bought it 22 years ago how thick &amp; chunky the guitars sounded, yet for a live recording the sound is incredibly crisp &amp; tight!  Years later (to my dismay) I found out the band had overdubbed the hell out of the original recordings, but what the heck.  What a refreshing change to hear a band absolutely supercharge their studio versions for a live recording and not play it safe.  My two personal highlights are -surprise, surprise- Victim of Changes:  IMO, if not THE heaviest, meatiest heavy metal riff of all time, then easily one of the top 5.  Slow, seething, and ungodly heavy/groovy....The second one being Tyrant, the sonic antithesis of Victim: Fast, chunky, and to the point, like a surgical strike from Hell.  If Metal's your thing, this album's a must have.  Besides, how often does one get to hear sub-sonic metal takes of songs by Joan Baez &amp; Fleetwood Mac?
B00004XQ83|5.0|The most perfect movie soundtrack since the big chill, this soundtrack has every lick from the movie, from James Carter and the prisoners' slegehammers from the opening credits all the way to the Stanley brothers &quot;Angel Band&quot; in the closing credits.<br />Gosh where else can you find such a cross section of music from the 30's rural America? Bluegrass Blues Gospel...The backbone of todays music laid bare for all to apreciate...nary a drum to be heard on the cd.<br />If you have never experienced this type of music before, this would be the perfect inrtoduction for you.
B00001NFCY|1.0|It seems that instead of trying to craft at their sound and innovate themselves to become a better band, they've takn a step back and are becomming just another pop act. And, please, note to Stapp: just once, try not to mimic Eddie Vedder's voice. Soon, these guys will be reveale of the talentless fools they are.
B00003CXRM|5.0|How can mere words describe this work of art? In no other movie have I ever seen and heard such a perfect combination of scene and soundtrack.  <br />The Music is the real star of this movie, if you are a fan of Bluegrass you will be in heaven, if you are not...you will be! The soundtrack is destined to become a classic.<br />Clooney and Co. are convincing in their roles as back country hicks, but wizer and more intelligent than you would think by looking at them.<br />Another stroke of genious was the casting of many of the musicians as actors in the movie...this tied the acting and soundtrack together flawlessly.<br />I only wish the movie was twice as long!
B00001NFKP|5.0|Howdy,      I am probably the biggest Kid Rock fan ever and I have like every version of D.W.A.C. ever made. I just received this Aussie import from CDNOW (which is a great place to shop for music and videos lol.) It is great. It has Krack Rocks on it which features Uncle Kracker (Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and Follow Me) which is a great song. I'd give it 4/5 stars. It may cost a bit more then your basic every day D.W.A.C. but if you want a better version I definately recomend it.+++                                                 Peace Out,                                                  eazyeze
B00003CXS4|5.0|this is one of my new all-time favorite movies. i loved it! it is a tight film...from the opening scene to the opening montage to the end of the movie. guy ritchie and his team did an absolutely fabulous job on the story, direction, production, editing, music, visual effects, etc. and while i'm a major benicio fan, the entire ensemble cast rocked. the movie goes so fast and is so good, you'll never once look at your watch. as for the dvd goodies, it's the best one i own (some of my others include: fear &amp; loathing in las vegas, se7en, taxi driver, traffic, goodfellas, etc). beyond the usual extras , you get a very entertaining and very well produced &quot;making of,&quot; subtitle option just for pikey (brad pitt's part), this fabulous &quot;stealing stones&quot; option which allows you to see deleted scenes within the movie if you choose, superbly produced menus, etc. i'm going to agree with premiere magazine which stated &quot;one of the coolest movies of the year&quot; + i'm going to add, one of the coolest dvds you'll ever own.
0312979479|4.0|And Then There Were None (also known as Ten Little Indians) is a good mystery, just like Agatha Christie's other works.  It tells of the story of ten anonymous strangers who have been summoned to Indian Island, a remote island off the coast of Devon, England.  As the weekend passes, one by one they are murdered and their attempts to get off the island come to nothing.  I was kept on my toes as I kept trying to guess who was the culprit.  Just like &quot;Death Comes as the End,&quot; another one of Christie's mysteries that are well contrived in the beginning and middle but just make it through at the end, this mystery has a disappointing ending.  In a short &quot;Manuscript sent to Scotland Yard&quot;, the culprit is summarily identified.  I like Christie's other mysteries in which the culprit is ingeniously and suddenly discovered; in this one, it takes several pages of reading the &quot;manuscript&quot; before one finds out the culprit, and second, there is a practically useless epilogue that the book does not need.  However, excepting the ending, this a wonderful and enthralling mystery.
B0000508U6|5.0|Yellow alone makes this CD worth buying. Then don't panic (a beautiful song). Kinda depressing - 'all of us are done for&quot;. then the sublime (i know it's been used before, but it's true) shiver. Overall a fantastic album.
B000002H97|5.0|Unlike the heavy hardcore metal found in previous Metallica albums like 'Master of Puppets' and 'And Justice for All', the 'black album' offers a softer side of Metallica.  They backed away from their typical 8 minute long songs and moved towards more simple songs.  I like MOP better because it is musically superior, but this album is still a must have for any Metallica fan.  They still open most of their songs up with a cool intro and every song has a good guitar solo.  Fans who only like the really hardcore stuff will be disappointed with this album, but I think it's some of Metallica's best work.
B000056NX5|5.0|Well, this is a tad bit different than everyone is used to i think. After seeing the show on channel 8, I was amazed. The voices were better, the costumes were more interesting, and the screenplay was new and exciting. In my opinion? A real winner for Gale Edwards. Judas's voice was amazing!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I am an avid DVD collector, and this Disc is absolutely the best I own.  I am a big &quot;deleted scenes&quot; buff, and this disc realy came thru in that department.  The Supplemental Material is practically a film school on T2.  There are 3, yes 3, versions of the movie on the first disc.  The third is the &quot;Extended Special Edition&quot; which contains two scenes the &quot;Special EDition&quot; left out: A scene where the T-1000 searches John's room and an alternate &quot;Future Coda&quot; ending.  To access this verion of the film, select &quot;speical edition&quot; after putting in the first disc.  O the menu where you can play the sp. edition, skip to a scene, or go to the theatrical version, enter 82997, the date of judgment day on your DVD remote.  &quot;Play Extended Cut&quot; should pop up as an option.  NOTE: I don't think this works if you enter it on your computer keyboard.<br />Anyway, If you liked the film even a little bit, BUY THIS DISC.  The picture and Sound Quality are superb.<br />This film is rated &quot;R&quot; for strong violence and language, and some mild nudity.
B000056H25|2.0|I really hated giving this movie 2 stars. It had a lot of unrealized potential. From a scriptural perspective, I'd give it a C+. It got some things right, but a lot wrong or off. It did a good job with Lazarus (something most other movies skip), but a bad job with the disciples and the unscriptural representation of Simon of Cyrene carrying the cross.<br />From a production perspective, it wasn't too bad but the timing of the movie is dated. Today we like faster paced action and the movie seems to plod along to modern tastes. In 1965 it may have been only a little slow.<br />I've watched many of the Jesus related films that are out there. And my recommendation is to go with the one by Campus Crusades in 1977 (the Jesus film) or the Lawrence Olivier one (Jesus of Nazareth).
B00004XOWM|1.0|My interest in Limp Bizkit died out as soon as \\"Significant\\" was released.  But now I feel nothing but utter hatred for the band, or at least Fred Durst's waste of a talented band, which would take a deaf person not to realize when listening to this new album.<br />The first album had a lot of heart and truth, now the group seems to have no soul at all. The music in \\"Chocolate\\" is terribly repetitive and tiring.  What is going on?  This used to be a band that seemed to feel hatred for the \\"conterfiets\\" and \\"clones\\" out there in the world, now \\"Take a look around\\"... all I see are RED CAP clones.  Fred has taken this band and turned it into nothing but a commercial machine with no depth at all.  Now it seems all Fred can do is say \\"F--- Y--\\" and flick off the camera in all his songs and music videos.  Three years ago he would of been saying that to a crowd he now sold out to.  <br />Many bands/musicians change and still sound great or retain talent; they keep the soul and heart that drives their music.  Fred's change has done nothing but deaden and tire the music and it reaches its pinnacle in \\"Starfish\\".<br />A bit of advice to the \\"band\\", you know... the people that actually play instruments and still have talent, tell Fred to \\"Shut the F--- UP\\" and find a new front man.  What a cheap SELL OUT!!!
B00003CXS4|5.0|'Snatch' is a great, great film. It is very well directed by Guy Ritchie and full of some interesting characters. From the character introduction to the 'pieces fall together' end, writer director Guy Ritchie does a wonderful job. Although we could have seen more of wonderful Benicio Del Toro, the cast was wonderful. Vinnie Jones was great as Bullet Tooth Tony, Denis Farina did a wonderful job as Cousin Avi, Rade Sherbedgia was superb as Boris the Blade, Alan Ford was VERY evil as Brick Top, and Brad Pitt was hysterical as the unforgetable One Punch Mickey. The movie made me laugh and struck several emotions all while giving a general feel of cool. Some of the more emotional scenes were Gorgeous George's knockout and the caravan burn. One of my favorite scenes of all time is the final fight where Mickey goes underwater. I can only hope that the Guy Ritchie can out-do himself in his next film.<br />The DVD is great, too. With a hilarious and insighting commentary track by Guy Ritchie and producer Matt Vaughn. The sound and picture are crystal clear, and the &quot;Making Snatch&quot; featurette is one of the best behind-the-scenes documentaries I've seen (a lot of work seemed to go into it). The deleted scenes and trailers from other films are an added bonus. Also, unlike Terminator 2, you don't need a DVD-ROM to check out the storyboard comparisons. Plus, the Pikey subtitles really help.
B0000047D5|5.0|This is one of my most favourite albums. The liner notes, both the original unacredited notes but presumbly by producer Jim Davis, and Phil Bailey's reissue notes, are much what you would expect on an album from one of jazz's greatest trios. Pure extascy. Both speak of Peterson's incredible virtuosity, and the seamlessness of the trio. Both compliments are certainly deserved, but the excesive laudation does get in the way of appreciatinq a truly fantastic recording.  That's not to say that the music is not well above par. It certainly is. They even brinq a new face to the Girl From Ipanema. The solo voices are also very well developed. In each tune the soloist actually has something to say - whether it be Peterson, Brown or Thigpen - and the remaining players don't hold him back or try to dominate. Its not an understatement to describe &quot;We Get Requests&quot; as exhibiting the famed synchronicity of the Oscar Peterson Trio's live performances.<br />pk.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Browse through the tracks of Live At Leeds.  You hear everything from nice vocal harmonies at the beginning of 'A Quick One', to a great, punchy bass solo by John Enwhistle in 'My Generation', to the tricky guitar riffs of 'Shakin' All Over'.  And did I mention the amazing double-bass drum action in 'Young Man Blues'?<br />I own the original LP, and I bought the CD because it had more tracks on it (A Quick One, Happy Jack, Amazing Journey/Sparks).  I usually prefer LPs over CDs because the LP captures the vintage and rough sound The Who always tried to capture.  But even so, the CD is better, because 1. It contains more tracks, and 2. Those crackling noises are fixed, which is a plus.<br />This is the kind of music you can't resist listening to loud.  Turn this up, you'll have trouble sitting still, whether it be you start tapping your foot, or you start flailing your arms at invisible drums like Keith Moon, or you get up and jump around and 'windmill' play your air guitar like Townshend.<br />This is the moonshine of rock, pure and distilled.  No preservatives.  No artificial flavorings.  And it's good for you, too!  What's not to like about it?
B00004THAY|5.0|I bought this album in the summer of 2000 for the awesome title track, listened to the title track for 5 or 6 months, then put this album down. Just recently, I've been getting into what the Blues is and what it's all about, and re-discovered this album. <br />    I found it collecting dust in my old sock drawer, with a bunch of other old un-used cd's. I popped it in the CD player, and found out what good Blues guitar playing REALLY is. Song's like (the album's best) Three O'Clock Blues, and When My Heart Beats Like A Hammer, are great musical representations of the talent of these 2 Blues legends. Slowhand and King's guitars chime in unison on most of the tracks, and their vocals are incredible as well.<br />    All in all, it's an awesome album that no Blues fan should be without. It's worth all the money you'll pay for it, and you won't care how much money you have when you get it.
B000002WE9|5.0|ABSOLUTELY fantastic!!! This is what I experienced when I saw him in Atlanta in 75 and 76. He's in a good mood and very engaged in the music. It doesn't get any better than this although the entire concert doesn't make the recording. lastly people get a life on the criticism of his drug abuse ( I'm sure as hell not perfect) and look at the incredible impact he had on the 20th century and the stardom that nobody will ever approach again!
0688170528|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. I have probably purchased 6 of these and sent them all over the country to friends. Although my teenaged kids have all grown and gone it made me wonder just how well I knew them during that age. the characters in this book are  erily &quot;next door&quot; kids. I have read it 3 times myself and have more feelings about it each time. Thank you Jodi Picoult for making some of us really think.
B00005LB9O|5.0|I didn't think it was possible but I love this album even more than The Man Who.  Don't get me wrong, TMW is still a great album but I liked the happier vibe of The Invisible Band.  All of the tracks are outstanding, and I really liked the nice touch the banjo gave.  So all in all this album is very buy-worthy.
0446608955|4.0|It is a common occurrence for me to pick up a book in &quot;New Books&quot; at the library, read a chapter or two, and stop -- astonished by the fact that such awful stuff gets published. But Sparks' book held my attention and I finished it at one sitting. My assessment: Fair to good.<br />However, I have a few comments. First, it is definitely a &quot;chick book&quot; (my wife will love it). In fact, a cynical person might suggest that Sparks has simply discovered a formula to make female readers smile and cry on cue, and is cashing in on the formula big time.<br />Second, the writing style is confusing, if not downright bad. What I mean is that the story's narrator is 57 years old, recalling the events of his 17th year -- yet his speaking style is clearly that of the 17-year old, not the mature man. (Not that it's fair to compare this book with &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot;, but recall that the narrator of that story was a mature woman and spoke accordingly; she didn't relate her tale in the voice of young Scout).<br />Still, I give it 4 stars just because I enjoyed the story.
B000002MFN|4.0|Striding into the 90s, Madonna released an album that quietly signalled her new direction of career.  An ambitious artist by nature, Madonna seizes every opportunity to learn since the 80s, and her artistry has been growing better and better from &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; to &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;.  After &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot;, Madonna released &quot;Erotica&quot; which voiced her maturity as a true artist, as seen from her entire control on the sound, the music and the production that are totally different from her 80s albums!  (In fact, she is a real artist since her debut album &quot;Madonna&quot;.  I just don't understand why critics pay such little attention to her music in the 80s.)  Her follow-up &quot;Bedtime Stores&quot;, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; further prove that.  The soundtrack to Dick Tracy, &quot;Something to Remember&quot; and &quot;Evita&quot; are also very good.  &quot;Evita&quot; even proves that she is able to sing classical music with her high and beautiful voice.  Madonna, you never ceases surprising me with your excellent music!  I give this album four stars because it is not her best.
B000026HWR|5.0|When i first heard this music many year's ago, it left a lasting impression. i have not forgotten it. believe it or not, i was in love with a woman at the time. the day i walked away, i left this album on her door step. it was my only copy. i am new to this internet searching, for the hell of it, i looked this up. i was shocked when i found it. this man can sing with the best of them. for all the music that is offered today, very few artist's can really get to the inner soul of a song. if you want to hear a man sing a love song, i highly reccommend terry callier.
0767811070|5.0|this is such a great movie i think that everyone should see it because it doesnt sensationalize living in a violent urban society but humanizes it and shows that it isnt glamourous living there.  the story and directing was great using distinct shots like seeing Furious's face after he had shot a gun off and then pulling back to see tha bullet wholes.  also at tha beginning of tha film showing a scarred stop sign to show tha violence around tha neighborhood and not to stop.  there is also some symbolism in tha film, but if i tell u it then i will ruin tha film for you.  but pay attention to 10 year old Ricky when he misses tha bal that a gangster throws to him.  the acting is also terriffic with a lot of drama and some humor.  Dooky is by far my favorite charecter and then Doughboy.
B000002BBY|5.0|I agree with many others who have reviewed What's The Story.... I feel it's one of the greatest rock albums ever. When I first purchased it, it didn't leave my cd player for months! To be honest, I'm not sure Oasis will ever top this cd, but I hope they keep trying. Also, to be honest, I would really give this cd 4.90 stars since &quot;She's Electric&quot; is, in my humble opinion,  the worst song Oasis has ever done. I skip over it every time! If it were not for this one dud, this would be a &quot;perfect&quot; album.
0767811070|5.0|this is such a great movie i think that everyone should see it because it doesnt sensationalize living in a violent urban society but humanizes it and shows that it isnt glamourous living there.  the story and directing was great using distinct shots like seeing Furious's face after he had shot a gun off and then pulling back to see tha bullet wholes.  also at tha beginning of tha film showing a scarred stop sign to show tha violence around tha neighborhood and not to stop.  there is also some symbolism in tha film, but if i tell u it then i will ruin tha film for you.  but pay attention to 10 year old Ricky when he misses tha bal that a gangster throws to him.  the acting is also terriffic with a lot of drama and some humor.  Dooky is by far my favorite charecter and then Doughboy.
0618135871|3.0|A noteworthy feature of contemporary American fiction was the resurgence of Philip Roth.  Eight marvellous books in a row.  His trio of experimental novels: The Counterlife (that gives post modernism a good name); Deception; and Operation Shylock; the intensely moving biography, Patrimony; for this reader the finest novel of the 1990s, Sabbath's Theater, a nihilistic masterpiece of sex, death and despair; and the new Zuckerman trilogy dissecting post war America, American Pastoral; I Married a Communist; and The Human Stain.  Could this great run continue?  Sadly, not.<br />The Dying Animal is a disappointment.  Written in a first person narrative it reintroduces David Kepesh, a Professor of English.  Kepesh is the man that transformed into a breast in Roth's Kafkan fable, The Breast; and detailing the sexual life of a literary academic in Professor of Desire.  Kepesh is a creation of the 1960s, and this new novella indicates that kepesh has not progressed very far.  In order to beat off notions of his mortality Kepesh seduces students (although in a concession to the passage of time, Kepesh no longer seduces them when students, having the decency to wait until they pass through his class).  This brings a whole new meaning to the concept in modenr education of the Staff-Student Liaison Committee.<br />In his monologue, addressed to a listener revealed only in the final paragraphs, Kepesh remembers various lovers concentrating on Consuela, a Cuban emigree.  The intense relationship between the two, and Consuela's subsequent absence and the effect on Kepesh, forms the crux of the novel.<br />The novella is very readable.  Roth remains a wonderful stylist. But, as he has been subject to on previous occasions Roth is criticised for pronography.  This novella is not in my view pornographic.  Certainly there are passages that are explicit, but far more pornographic is Kepesh's relationship with Birgitta in The Professor of Desire - Birgitta, like The Monkey in Portnoy's Complaint, being a girl that would do anything.  The abusive nature of that relationship is pornographic.  The relationships here are not like that (although the ostensible power imbalance inherent in sexual relationships in some recent Roth novels remains).<br />While sex plays a role in the novella it is not its main focus.  Kepesh is worried about growing old, worried about death.  One Scottish poet, Norman MacCaig, said the thing that upsetted him most about growing old was that all his friends were dying.  Ditto, for Kepesh, and so Roth - as he did in The Conterlife and Sabbath's Theater and The Human Stain, wrestles with death.  Sexual activity is used as a means of keeping mortality at bay.  Love is not what keeps Kepesh going, sex is.  This not only underpins the septugenarian Kepesh's life, but also the lives of his friends, even to the death bed.  Kepesh's stroke-ridden friend, a serial adulterer, gropes his wife in his last concerted physical act.<br />One interesting theme developed in the novella is the relationship between Kepesh and his son (another of these father/son relationships beloved by Roth's writing - see the first Zuckerman trilogy - and his reading - such as his praise of John le Carre's A perfect spy).  The son's stumbling path into adultery (based on love) acts as a neat counterpoint to Kepesh's serial philandering.<br />I think this book merits discussion, much thought.  Roth is a serious writer after all.  But, why the  relatively low rating?  For me, there are two principal reasons.  This novella simply revisists themes he has explored before, in more depth, with more rounded characters.  Kepesh's trials here mirror those of Mickey Sabbath in Sabbath's Theater.  Roth is not giving us anything new here.  The second reason relates to the ending.  The return of a character, and their motivation for returning to visit an old man is absurd and lacking credibility.  The absurdity of the final pages serves to undercut the power of some that has gone before.<br />If you enjoyed this novella try Sabbath's Theater, a funnier, angrier, darker take on similar themes.
B000005JA8|1.0|This is one of those albums that it is real cool to say you own(I own it).  It is even cooler if you claim to like it.  I would bet, however, that no one on earth has ever listen to this whole thing by themselves more than once. &quot;Hey, road trip to the beach!  Think I'll throw some Trout Mask on the tape player!&quot;  It's definitely different.  Still it reminds me of modern art.  Everyone wants to like it, but no one does deep down inside.  The music is atonal with each instrument pretty much going wherever the hell the LSD takes it and the vocals just coming in wherever they please.  The lyrics are excellent.  3 songs (out of 28)deserve mentioning.  &quot;China Pig&quot; is a blues based number which is almost accesible.  &quot;The Blim (mousetrapreplica)&quot; proves that rap was not all that original an idea, and &quot;Veteran's Day Poppy&quot; probably deserves some plays on your local classic rock station on &quot;Deep Cuts weekend.  This is an interesting record, but you won't listen to it more than once, it's a little too painful.
0553213105|4.0|My sister's been raving about this book for years.  It's not until months ago did I have the guts to pick it up.  It's been sitting in my mini-library since I got it too...  Then my sister once again kept asking &quot;Have you read 'it' yet?&quot;  So, to stop this question from coming up in every turn, I decided to read it. I honestly expected this book to bore me to death considering the author is from the late 17th century.  What fun could a writer be of that time, huh?  Oh not to mention, the author was unmarried.  What does she know about romance, right?  Well, I was mistaken.  I enjoyed this book sooo much, I ordered the DVD movie of it.  There was some &quot;slow&quot; moments in this book however, I think it's the over-description of everything.  But once you got through that, the book flows with lots of humor and intensity.  I liked Elizabeth from the start. Mr. Darcy was kindda hard to like in the beginning but as soon as the book progress, you would love him and would want him for your own :-)  The Dialogue in this book was my favorite of all.  Uppity, Humorous, Lyrical, Heart warmer and truly of its time.<br />I have read more than 80 historical romance novels in this year alone and I honestly think most of the ideas and formulas (marriage mart) were derived from this book (did i dare say that?).  I couldn't believe this book was actually written at that time period.  Amazing!  Truly Classic at its best.
B000059T00|2.0|Terrific playing and singing on this album, but the songs are sub-par.  Winwood's &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; and Clapton's &quot;Presence of Lord&quot; hit their mark, but neither is among either man's best work.  &quot;Sea of &quot; is listenable, but the others won't hold your attention long.  The two bonus tracks should have stayed locked up in a vault.
B00005MP58|5.0|&quot;PRIDE AND PREJUDICE is the story of the lively and rebellious Elizabeth Bennet, one of the five unmarried daughters living in the country side of the 19th century England. In the world where obtaining an advantageous marriage is a woman's sole occupation. Elizabeth's independent manner threatens her family's future. Will her romantic sparring with the mysterious and arrogant Darcy end in misfortune - or will love's true nature prevail?&quot; --copied from the back description of the DVD cover itself.<br />The MOVIE concentrates on the three (of 5) Bennet sisters: ELIZABETH: I was quite taken by her from the very start. She is indeed lively, outspoken, smart and independent. Mr. Darcy however was hard to like in the beginning. He hardly smiles. So arrogant that I wanted to swat him. hehe. But as the film progress, you will eventually like him. He might be High-and-Mighty but he is helplessly in love. Ha! Their love story's a touchy one. My favorite scene is Mr. Darcy's proud confession to Elizabeth's as well as their unexpected meeting in one of Mr. Darcy's estate. I can blabber all day about them, really. JANE: Elizabeth's elder sister was described as the most beautiful of all the Bennet sisters and indeed she is. I liked her as well. She is gentlier and very refined. A bit too good of a heart but still realistically humane. I too like Mr. Bingley from the start. He is a gentleman through and through. Very friendly, polite and handsome in his own right. Perhaps a little blind, dense but this is what made their love story longing... Both a lovely match! Meanwhile, the infamous LYDIA, youngest of the Bennet girls is a pain in the behind. Young, impetuous and ambitious. She deserves the wayward. Mr. Wickam on every turn. These three different and challenging love story made this film very captivating from start to end. Truly A Classic. Classic at its best!<br />After reading the book, I searched for the movie and learned its limitation. This movie is not even available for rent in Blockbuster or Hollywood Video. My sister eventually lent me her DVD copy and now I am thinking of not returning it (until I get a copy of my very own, of course). :-) I have read more than 80 historical romance novels in this year alone and watching this movie truly connected me with my books. It soared my heart. It's only been in my mind that I picture clothings and backgrounds of the books I've read through the authors' descriptions so seeing it first hand on film simply enthralled me. Their attires, the castle's, great mansions, the carriages, the freshly green and brown of the countrysides, the Soiree, Waltz and other dance steps... It's just beautiful! The music is an added wonder to this film. I even ordered the soundtrack already. Overall, PRIDE AND PREJUDICE is a must see, especially if you are into romance genre with 18th-19th century setting. I find the courtship, dialogue and ways of living of that time period rather fascinating. I suggest you read the book as well before or after this movie. Watch this one and be &quot;AWED&quot;.<br />Note: Since this movie was derived from A&amp;E's TV shows as a series, it is not played continuesly as one movie would. It is in about 6-7 segments, which I had to fast forward to skip introductory contents to see the next fragments. This didn't bother me one bit though, I just thought I'd mention this to others.
0140067477|5.0|Let me begin my review by saying that I have made significant contributions to the Hoff children college fund ... I have bought eight copies of this wonderful book for friends over the years.<br />One of the lovely expositions of Taoist thought is the section on the print &quot;The Vinegar Tasters,&quot; and there are many others. One of the problems of accessing 'that which cannot be described' is that ordinary langage is simply not capable of expressing the inexpressible---so we must approach an understanding of the material obliquely; or better, far better, by direct experience.<br />This Hoff manages to do, eruditely and wittily. If &quot;The Tao of Pooh&quot; moved only one person to a serious contemplation of the Tao, Benjamin Hoff could be pleased. But to reinterpret the Tao, accurately and humorously---all the while pulling on the emotional landscape of a happy childhood spent with the Pooh series---is simply masterful. As an author, this is one of those books I wish fervently that I had written ... <br />Recommended for all.
B000053V7Q|3.0|I think this was a great reproduction of the original movie.The movies main goal was to eliminate all the footage that people did'nt want to see anyways.The problem I have is my subwoofer turns to the stand by mode when playing this dvd meaning there is no information being sent to it.This movie is supposed to be in 5.1
B00004YW6I|5.0|As Tori is to Kate Bush, so is Peej to Patti Smith. Of course they're not the same, but they do occupy a similar mood. This is the first thing I've heard since the intriguing &quot;Down by the Water&quot; was playing on Chicago alt-radio in the mid-nineties. Boy, does it rock. Not one false move on this album. Fantastic fast-driving car-blastin CD.
B00005ATQD|2.0|This movie is bland. I think it's the only film I've watched in awhile that has failed to touch me in anyway be it positive or negative. None of the characters were interesting, and many were one dimensional. Symbolism is everywhere, Christmas trees, visual and verbal references to rainbows, etc. There are plenty of movies out there that are worse than this one, but that doesn't make this a masterpiece. Most of film score was fine except for the somber piano piece which is distracting and takes you out of the action. I'm a big David Lynch, Cronenberg fan, and I can say this movie doesn't rival their best works as one reviewer claimed. I have a general understanding of what this movie is about and can honestly say it isn't very good.
B000002HJD|5.0|Anyone who thinks that Jim Morrison lacked talent as a poet is proven wrong with this release.  Those who lack vision may regard Jim's words and behavior as &quot;pretentious&quot;, but those who can understand the history and philosophical power of Jim Morrison and The Doors realize that Jim may have been one of the true visionaries of our time.  It is truly unfortunate that these same people who regard him as pretentious dismissed as a fool; they just couldn't understand.
B00003652R|5.0|If you only have one album from Marillion, this should be it. Listen to it loud, with low room illumination and be prepared for a Trip.
B00005N5S5|5.0|I KNEW IT.I HAVE HAD MY DVD PLAYER FOR ABOUT A YEAR,AND I COULD NOT FIND THE FIRST TERMINATOR MOVIE ON DVD ANYWHERE.IT HIT ME THAT IT WAS PROBABLY GOING TO BE RE-RELEASED WITH ALL THE EXTRAS THAT A GREAT MOVIE DESERVES.IT KILLS ME THAT I HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL OCTOBER TO GET THE MOVIE.
0671646788|4.0|The Magic of Thinking Big definitely brought up some thought provoking issues, which I think all could benefit from both personally and professionally. The principles within the book seem as if they would be easy to incorporate into your life philosophy and if properly administered would be highly successful. At many points while reading the book I found myself saying... &quot;I know someone who does that and it does work!&quot; It was nice to read a book that suggested down-to-earth and realistic principles to improve your life.<br />As for the general layout of the book, I thought it read well for the most part. I think Schwartz got a little long winded with all the examples, and found myself skimming over the last half of many of the chapters. But at the same time, I enjoyed the wrap up at the end of every chapter.<br />Overall, I would recommend the Magic of Thinking Big.
B000001EPB|3.0|Okay, let me just say this right out: This is fantasitc music. Wonderful Celtic sound (with a little pop and jazz thrown in here and there) and it's simply an amazing collection of songs. So, why the low rating, you ask? Simple: This IS Riverdance (the sequel anyway) and part of Riverdance's sound that I love so much is the &quot;clogging.&quot; That's right, the clickey click and stomps of the dancers feet... it's like a whole precussion section. And, aside from the two &quot;bonus&quot; tracks, it's been totally omitted!! I can't understand why, and no one will ever be able to convince me or sell me a good reason. There's no excuse. I mean, listen to the first track, then listen to the &quot;bonus&quot; track of the same title with the clogging, and I'm sure you'll agree the clogging adds a wonderful element to the whole song, making it better, giving it that &quot;oomph&quot; it needs.<br />So, I recommed this, in spite of my low rating, if you can learn to love &quot;the Riverdance sound&quot; without the Riverdance clogging.
B00004XOWM|4.0|It isnt as good as Significent Other but it still rocks.The rap tracks are great, and so are the rock tracks. Some of the tracks are to mellow and thats why it gets four stars.
B00004XPPK|5.0|This artificial melodrama is only redeemed by the absorbing performances of its lead actors. Set in the Argentine, along a backdrop of gambling casinos, illicit trade and international intrigue, it portrays an American gambler (Glenn Ford) who is enlisted to become the right-hand-man of a powerful casino owner. He is struck by the fact that his new boss's wife, Gilda, is an old flame of his, a sensuous, enigmatic and manupulative &quot;femme fatale&quot;, played by the sex bomb of the 1940s, Rita Hayworth. The story develops along a pattern of a love triangle sustained by reciprocal hate, love and domination as the trio dramatically pit their wits against each other. The dialogue sparkles once managed by these actors and in this style. Hayworth is captivating as Gilda, perhaps her most accomplished performance. Ford is also good as the gambler promoted by the boss to casino top-dog, though the honours also have to go to George Macready as the the husband and boss, the ice-cold, self-possessed, aristocratic type. The character actors, particularly Joseph Calleia and Stevan Geray, provide excellent support. The digitally remastered version of the film restores the crisp quality of the black-and-white phtography.
B0000024JN|4.0|I first heard &quot;Licensed to Ill&quot; in a surf shop when I was in South Carolina, and I sort of liked it and it was good &quot;shopping music&quot;. My cousin had the Cd and commented on how much he liked it. (we have similar music taste) As soon as I got back I was sold on the CD and I bought it. When I got this CD, it was not a dissapointment. In fact, this is great old school hip hop with neat beats and easy to listen to. My favorites are The New Style, She's Crafty, Fight for your Right, No Sleep till Brooklyn, Hold it Now, Hit it, Brass Monkey, and Slow and Low. Great even if you don't like hip hop.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Initially, when I first heard the Travis album all the way through, I have to admit I was disappointed.  I liked the obvious songs--&quot;Sing,&quot; &quot;Flowers in the Window,&quot; and &quot;Pipe Dreams,&quot; but was overall disappointed with the effort.  However, I put the album on again and was surprised at all the wonderful songs I had overlooked during my first listening.  &quot;Last Train,&quot; &quot;The Humpty Dumpty Love Song,&quot; &quot;Side,&quot; and &quot;Follow the Light&quot; are all great songs that are like &quot;The Man Who&quot; Travis, but different.  I don't know why some thought this album was more upbeat than the last; I thought it offered a great balance of happy love songs and more dark fare (i.e., in &quot;Last Train,&quot; 'I'm going to buy a gun, shoot everything, everyone.'  is not very chipper.)  I tend to believe that Travis get underestimated by music magazines and critics.  While everyone is raving about the almost unlistenable &quot;Amnesiac,&quot; (it does have some good songs, but it's not nearly as great as the critics say), I would much rather enjoy good old pop songs from a fantastic band that serves up what the fans want--great music.
B000024QML|5.0|As my review is titled, this CD changed my life.  For a poor college student who had only heard a few PSB songs on the radio, this was a big &quot;gamble&quot; to buy the CD back in '94.  Well, nearly 30 CDs later, I can attribute my great admiration of the PSBs to this CD.  Aside from the obvious musical brilliance of the CD (which I confess was my initial hook), the lyrics and the messages in the songs is what really appealed to me.  All and all, the PSBs have taken me from being a stereotypical straight white conservative male, to a very open-minded, liberal straight white male.  Music can change the world - and that is what Neil and Chris did to me with this CD.<br />If you don't own a PSB CD, give this one a chance and a good listen - it could change your life!
630339406X|4.0|This is a funny little movie in which Tom Hanks plays a boy named Josh that wished to be big (hence the title) There are quite a few very funny moments that involve Josh getting a job, dating, and dealing with sex. This is a rather entertaining movie and a good example of classic Tom Hanks comedy
6300215814|5.0|It was such an intense thrill to revisit this movie after more than 30 years.  Classically Hepburn to a tea and Peppard, dreamier than I could ever have remembered.  The acting falls short occasionally from script flaws and the blackouts are silly, but the performances are quality, first rate and most heart rendering. How eloquent Patricia Neal as the doting &quot;patron of the arts&quot;; how tour de force Mickey Rooney's performance of almost completely unintelligible dialog; how different the Buddy Ebsen character that we view on this screen; how sexy, attractive and infinitely warming is George Peppard's portrayal of a writer who has a patron of distinguished means; and how unbelievably delightful the Audrey Hepburn who fills this screen with a bubbling vitality of deceptive charm, kookiness, and vulnerability.   Revisiting this movie as an adult, there appears to be a great deal of Neil Simonesque dialogue interwoven throughout the movie.  And the Mancini music has elements of a Blake Edwards product, rendering the movie more endearing with each scene. My favorite line is from Martin Balsam who is quite taken with Holly: &quot;She's a phoney, but a real phoney.&quot; If you work in New York, you can identify the woman.  I found myself weeping in the last ten minutes of this movie -  as a cat lover and a fan who succumbs to the passions of two lost-in-the-woods, lonely lambs who need someone to watch over them.  And happily, they do find each other.  Although one wonders for how long the fairy tale might last.
6300216268|5.0|A great movie!I watched it this morning on showtime and am so happy I did!I knew nothing of this movie except that Mary from the wonderful THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY considered it one of the finest love stories of our time.I agree with Mary!Love,not neccessarily romance,is the word here.Great songs by the great Cat Stevens adds to this quirky,warm hearted tale.It's also fun to see what life looked like in 1971.I was just 5 then.Brilliant flck!
B000002UJQ|5.0|When you buy this, there are no doubts, or I should say no surprises: It's a classic album.  Song by song, it never fails to impress.  The vocal performance put Thom Yorke among the top rock vocalists of all time.  The music is equally impressive as the band fool around with odd time signatures and make full use of their musical skills, creating moody, atmospheric landscapes.  Jonny Greenwood's guitar work is absolutely stunning.  Radiohead are now a group that generate a lot of hype and are generally considered the best British group in recent times with many copy cat follower bands.  The music on this album is generally responsible for this.  Ok Computer is a landmark album that belongs in your collection.
B000006TRV|5.0|If you are a pink floyd fan and you DONT own the wall, you shouldn't be aloud to be a fan. This album tells a story of a mans life. Through a tough childhood and a depressing adulthood. This album has songs from singing about his &quot;mother&quot; to songs speaking of &quot;young lust&quot;. Songs about being &quot;comfortably numb&quot; to having to &quot;tun like hell&quot;. The album is filled with epic melodic songs to having depressing songs with distored guitar and evil lyrics. My personal favorites on this album are &quot;Another brick in the wall(all of them)&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;, Goodbye blue sky&quot; &quot;Young lust&quot;, 'Hey you&quot;, &quot;Comfortably numb&quot;, Run like hell&quot; are my favorites. But if buying this epic of an album i suggest you do not listen to it all at one time. It is a hazard to your health. If Listening to pink floyd to long and you slip into your own little coma than please consult parametics. It is better to listen in sections. They need to put a warning label on it. But anyway this is the greatest album of the 70's. If you enjoy the album then see the movie. Of course that probably has a higher health risk than the album due to that u see they trauma that the man goes through as well as hearing it. GET THIS ALBUM!!!!!!!!!!!(sorry for my poor grammer in this, i didnt review)
6304143184|5.0|ET is quite possibly the most charming movie of all time. The story is ageless, the music is fantastic and the characters are all very believable. In it Eliot finds and befriends (and names) ET, a acient scientist from a distant star. He tries to keep ET hidden but eventually all he!! breaks loose and they have to rescue Et from the goverment (or scientist or something, it's not too clear) Some scenes might be kinda scarey for little kids (I know they were for me when i was 7) but this is a great, uplifting, funny, exciting movie the whole family can enjoy
0790746905|5.0|If you have a moment -- and I assume you do -- I'd like to talk about Forbiden Planet. It's one of the films (along with She, Island of Lost Souls, The Day the earth Stood Still, and a handfull of others) that transformed science fiction films, from their undeserved status as kids' stuff, to serious depictions of the human condition...not to mention the alien condition, which is so often and unsettlingly similar to our own. And speaking of unsettling resemblances, have you ever noticed how much this film resembles Star Trek? Can't be helped. There's a certain &quot;family resemblance&quot; in a lot of s-f, and the ship/crew/new worlds gimmick was in use long before Captains Adams and Kirk appeared. Anyway, the producers of Forbidden Planet could hardly sue anyone for plagiarism, now could they?<br />The story is that of The Tempest; though certain events have been changed and liberties taken, the core of Shakespeare's play remains unchanged. Prospero (i.e. Morbius) guards his daughter and island-bound privacy jealously, and uses his magic to confuse and terroroize the party of sailors who've landed there. It's a small step from this to Altair-IV; with the Krell to provide Morbius' magic, Robby the Robot to act as both Caliban and Ariel, and some good old techno-huggermugger thrown in to help obfuscate things further, it's a different (but still similar) story. It's also a damned good story, a powerful depiction of a man destroyed by his darkest subconscous obsessions. It's a story that demands to be taken seriously...and in spite of such distractions as a drunken robot, not to mention the clumsiest seduction ever committed to celluloid, take it seriously we do. <br />One of the most important reasons this film was taken seriously was its special effects. Many of them were, and still are, some of the best of their kind. Even by today's advanced standards, a good deal of the visuals are real-looking and seamless. Watch the scene where Adams vaporizes the tiger; it's almost impossible to see the effects edit. And even though Altair is obviously a soundstage, the Krell constructions beneath Mobius' home achieve complete reality. This feels like -- no, is -- an alien environment...which leads to another great visual: Morbius, Adams and the Doc, walking on the gantry, infinitesimal specks against the massive Krell machinery all around them. And even the soundstage set has its moments -- when the monster gets caught in the force-field, and you get your first good look at its misshapen, demonic form, it's an instant edge-of-your-seat moment. Whatever you were expecting, it sure wasn't that!<br />As to the actors -- well, Walter Pidgeon pretty much carries the film, which is really only fair as his character is the key to everything. Anne Francis, who would later go on to immortality in a lyric from Rocky Horror Picture Show, is very good -- and absolutely gorgeous! -- as sheltered (but game) daughter Vena. And Leslie Nielsen, a very funny guy who persists in doing unfunny movies, here does an admirable job with a role that was written to be one-dimensional. Nielsen somehow stretches J. J. Adams to two-and-a-half dimensions -- now that's acting! (they've given Oscars for less!) The supporting cast perform their various script-related functions (hey, just like Star Trek!), and do so very capably...though I can't imagine why a tight-run ship like Adams' would have an alcoholic cook -- or, for that matter, why such an advanced ship would even have an old-fashioned pots-n-pans kitchen in the first place. Oh, well...even in spite of such obvious mistakes, Forbidden Planet is still a classic, a great film in any category, and will be loved by anybody who loves movies.
B00000IQC8|5.0|This is not what most people consider to be a critical success only.  What most people do not see this film as, is a hugely deserved follow up to what John Hughes used to be.  He is a modern day John Hughes, with more style and class.  Mr. Smith's later film's even reflect that better than this one.  Even though this was obviously the best of his efforts.  I had the pleasure of meeting him a couple of years back, and he is the model of how a film maker should act.  He admires other directors in his films and admits to using their inspirations in his work.  Clerks is definitely a five star movie, with a perfect launch pad for a bright future.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is the U2 album that everyone has and that you might want to consider buying if you don't.  If you have any interest in the band what so ever then this is a must have.  It is also a great introduction to U2.  It is one of the best albums of all time and contains U2's classic smash hit, With or Without You.  Considering the hair bands and pretty trashy 80s stuff that was going on at the time, it has aged gracefully and cemented its place in classic rock history.  Both song by song and as a whole, this is about as solid as it gets.  It's quite simple: It's great music.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is honestly a KICK @$$ album! After loosing basest Cliff Burton(may he rest and headbang in peace)Metallica has showed they can retaliate and come back stronger and louder. This album is filled with epic songs that range from 6 minutes to 9 1/2 minutes. With MetallicA's first music video \\"One\\" which shows a 70's cult film with people screaming \\"should I kill myself\\" shows the fierceness of Metallica. The god(Kirk Hammett)'s solos in this go from melodic to \\"holy s***, how is he doing that\\"!!!!!! I think the guitar and the lyrics in this album is somewhere along the lines of pure intelligence and pure insanity. You cannot be \\"sane\\" and write these lyrics. in my opinion this album is pure genius! To live to the fullest u need this album!!!!
0790736233|5.0|This is one of the best done sci fi films ever. It appeals to everyone, even people that claim not to like sci fi. I went to see it expecting an action adventure or thrill but what it really is is a top notch drama. Jodie Foster does a fantastic job (as usual) The story  is very compelling, and the special effects are beautiful and awe-inspiring. The aliens were done with a twist too that I thought was really unique.
078062999X|4.0|As someone who estimates Ken Branagh's films with no small regard, I was thrilled to hear about this full-length version of Hamlet. I thought that if anyone was capable of such a gargantuan task, it was Branagh...and you know what? He almost pulled it off. But while his Hamlet is excellent in many ways, it's not quite the classic it wants to be. It drags in the early goings (Polonius' lecture to Laertes is just murder to sit through), and falls short of its aims in others (some of the soliloquies don't have the heat that they should, while some are very overheated indeed). However, it's still quite good, and serves very well as a showcase for its director/star's every gift, idiosyncracy, and limitation.<br />The cast is an example of all three. It's chock full of RSC ringers like Derek Jacobi and John Gielgud, as well as Branagh's stable of usuals (Brian Blessed, Michael Maloney, Richard Briers). They're all keys to this film's success; Briers in particular brings a monstrous quality to Polonius I hadn't fully appreciated before. Then there are the performances that surprise you, either by how good they are or by who the actor is, or both. Kate Winslet makes some unusual acting choices here, and turns in a daring interpretation of Ophelia. The late Jack Lemmon surprises by his very presence -- but is gone so fast, what he does here is more in line with an appearance than a performance. More's the pity. Charlton Heston fares better as the Chief of the Players; he seems here to be channeling all of his past glories (and that's a lot!) into this incandescent, heartstopping role. Then there's (believe it or not) Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger, who I think is just wonderful. Crystal understands that in Shakespeare, the Fool always speaks wisdom and truth; here we see that Fool unguarded, wisdom laid bare, plain in his crafty smile and twinkling eye. Other bits of &quot;Hollywood&quot; guest-casting are less successful -- notably Robin Williams, who plays Osrick as somekind of weird, alien interior designer. (Well, maybe Osrick is from Van Nuys or something.)<br />Branagh's performance and direction also wander the spectrum, His &quot;antic dispositions&quot; are brilliant and funny; his &quot;To be or not to be&quot; is eloquent if not particularly inspired; his &quot;what a piece of work is a man&quot; speech (one of my favorite moments in all of Shakespeare's plays) is just luminous. But he can also be shrill and overmannered (sometimes both at once, which isn't easy to do!), and it's my sad duty to report that some of Hamlet's best scenes are scenes that Hamlet isn't even in. K. B. is more successful as a director; his cinematography and art design are, as always, superb (love those mirrored doors). What trips him up here is the slow pace -- an odd thing to say about a four-hour film, but there you go. As I mentioned, some scenes in this film don't just drag, but dawdle. I can't help but think that Branagh could've cut this thing to 3 1/2 hours, and made a classic, if he'd just picked up the damned pace...<br />Ah well, perchance to dream and all that. I do like this version of Hamlet in spite of all its flaws -- though I will admit that it's one of my &quot;rainy day&quot; movies, meaning I put it on when I know I've got an afternoon to kill. Beats the heck out of golf, if you ask me. This may not be Branagh's best movie -- which is still Henry V in my estimation -- but it's still pretty good. So, to steal from the play itself: For this relief, much thanks.
B0000399WI|5.0|The only great year of the academy awards.  Too many great choices with the worst of the bunch winning.  Same as the year of the boat.  Me and a fellow critic who I admire were just talking about Morgan Freeman's performance. It was outstanding, only seen by him in one other film(Seven).  A film like this deserves a better version on DVD though.  This is the feel good movie of all time.  It is a story of the human soul and spirit and overcoming things that keep your inspiration down.  If I could own just fifty movies, this would definitely be one of them.
B000001TVD|5.0|absolutely one of my 50 never-giver-uppers. for those who dont have this, it is NOT FUNK. at least not &quot;funk&quot; as later defined by 1975 onward george clinton. this is more hard rock r&amp;b. it is also funny &amp; rockin. most of the reviews focus on eddie hazel, and his contributions are momentous. his solo on maggot brain is possibly the saddest musical sound i've ever heard. crying, screaming, pleading...it is fantastically human. but a record is nothing without songs, and all the songs on here are great-even the over the top superfly-meets-a riot wars of armegeddon. the packaging of this release is even perfect, from the name to the cover to the bizarre notes by the process. george &amp; co. turned a musical corner after america eats its young to a more joyous silly on the surface sound culminating in the other landmark funkadelic release one nation under a groove. this was swept under the carpet for a long time and isnt as well known as similar works simply because what how was the record company going to promote something like this in 1971? hell, how could they do it NOW??? i put my recommendation on very few albums as must haves, and this i endorse highly. this, and journey's frontiers.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Bought the sound track after hearing one song during a review.  &quot;Come What May&quot; is my favorite, and would like to see it nominated for an Oscar with Ewan and Nicole performing live at the awards!  Saw the move twice.  Simply grand.
6302453356|5.0|What happened when Peter Pan (Robin Williams) grew up? He forgot all about Neverland and had his kids kidnapped by Captain Hook (dustin Hoffman). That's what. So what happens? Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) goes to get Peter and takes him to the lost boys so that they can jog his memory...<br />This is a wonderful movie with a wonderful score and stunning visuals. The cast does a wonderful job potraying the characters, though Dustin Hoffman stole the show with his halarious potrayal of Hook. This is a great fantasy adventure for everyone
B00005KHJT|5.0|This is the version I originally saw when I was eight years old (and just returning from trick or treating by the way! Even on TV it scared the pants off of me). Even though this film was shot in California, it looked &amp; felt very much like my little Illinois hometown at the time, which may be part of why I still connect to the film today. Indeed, it's probably my favorite. Nostalgia aside, I still think it holds up quite brilliantly, on par with any classic Hitchcock.  Now, about this DVD....as a fan of the film, I've been searching for THE definitive home video version to come out &amp; don't believe this will be the one. The best edition I've seen over the years was a Critereon laserdisc (cir. 1995) with some fasinating commentary by John Carpenter, Debra Hill &amp; Jamie Lee Curtis (who is at times hilarious). It also included trailers, an extensive photo gallery &amp; production notes, as well as the &quot;television&quot; scenes, which could only be viewed separately. Since I only had video at the time, I had to settle for a copy from a friend (less quality of course, and a pain when dealing with the supplemental footage). An Anchor Bay DVD release from a year or two ago has a pretty interesting documentary &amp; some radio spots but no commentary. I wouldn't mind seeing this stuff combined some day!  About the &quot;television&quot; footage...I know it sounds strange, but Carpenter filmed most of it specifically for telelvision when he was shooting &quot;Halloween II&quot; around 1980 (except the PJ Soles/JL Curtis scene, I think). It is quite good, but I don't think it was filmed in the widescreen anamorphic he normally uses (even the Critereon release had it in standard format). This makes it difficult to ever edit together a &quot;definitve&quot; version of the film (and I've tried! It's very awkward). If this release formats it in widescreen from a standard television aspect ratio, which I guess is possible, expect to have some information missing. Hard to say whether it will be a big deal or not. Ah, but for the purists you know....missing. Hard to say whether it will be a big deal or not. Ah, but for the purists you know....
B00004TL21|5.0|&quot;White Pony&quot; is the Deftones second best cd, behind &quot;Around the Fur&quot;. It's still a truly awesome cd, however it lacks the focus uniformity of &quot;Around the Fur&quot; and &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, meaning, the styles of rock that they explore on White Pony, are at times to contrasting or varied. Personally, I didn't think there were enough metal tracks.<br />01. Feiticeria: A very catchy track. Sounds like it could have come off of either of their previous cd's. <br />02. Digital Bath: A classic example of the commonplace switch from quiet to heavy in the Deftones' music. Chino's voice sounds a bit like George Michaels' on this one, but it is still a beautiful track.<br />03. Elite: Almost nonstop molten metal. Definitely one of their heaviest songs ever, and a standout on &quot;White Pony&quot;.<br />04. Rx Queen: One of my favorite Deftone songs, &quot;Rx Queen&quot; fuses a hypnotic, spooky lyrics, with an ominous and apocalyptic chorus. Great line: &quot;We'll stop to rest on the moon/and we'll make a fire.&quot;<br />05. Street Carp: Full of energy, but it seems like Chino was having a bit of trouble deciding on which verses to put it in. It's still a great song though!<br />06. Teenager: The biggest step in a different direction that the Deftones have taken, &quot;Teenager&quot; quietly (!) explores the realm of the teenager. It's so mellow it's kind of eerie.<br />07. Knife Prty: I think the deliberate mispelling of party is great (if it is deliberate....). Once again a song that shifts from quiet to loud, but that's not a bad thing. The extra vocals provded by Rodleen are depressing, but somehow, inspiring.<br />08. Korea: One of my all time favorite Deftone songs. The lyrics are ambiquous, the guitar and bass are crushing, the drums keep it going, and even the DJ found a place in the song, one that works nicely (that's hard to find!)<br />09. Passenger: The vocalist of Tool lends his powerful voice to this great song. The chorus is very,very catchy.<br />10. Change (In the House of Flies): A beautiful song. Period. It flows very nicely into &quot;Pink Maggit&quot;.<br />11. Pink Maggit: Everything this song does is wonderful. The best part of it however, is when the tempo rises and it starts to rock harder and louder. A brilliant conclusion to an awesome cd.
B00005LB9O|4.0|i've seen some people on here that say this is a boring and uninventive cd, with bland songs, and i agree with you. or, i did, the first time or two through the cd. i'm a huge fan of man who, and i was sure fran and co. wouldn't be able to match that album's greatness. so the first time i listend to invisible band, i was really disappointed. the lyrics seemed childish and the music seemed generic. determined not to have my [money] go to waste after jsut one listen, however, i listened again, and although i didn't get a whole lot more out of it, i found to my surprise that i ended up with a song or two stuck in my head. so i listened again... and again... and now i find that i can't seem to put this cd down for more than a couple days without needing to hear it through again. while the lyrics are not necessarily the life-changing sort, the vocals have so much feeling to them and the music is creatively layered and structured without being distracting from the overall song (Amnesiac, i'm looking at you). despite my earlier lack of interest, this has quickly become my cd of the summer, and probably will stay in rotation for quite a while after that...
B000000WI4|2.0|Hooker's second album on the Pointblank label is a guest-heavy homage that doesn't have a great deal to do with John Lee Hooker as an artist and only occasionally plays to his strengths. Some cuts, such as the opening &quot;I Want to Hug You&quot; are just plain odd in their selection. This album is for the completist; sporadically enjoyable but unnecessary. The title cut is much better in its original version on &quot;Urban Blues&quot; (a somewhat chaotic but quite good album from the late '60s), while &quot;Backstabbers&quot; (actually &quot;Backbiters and Syndicators&quot;, another remake from the same album) meanders too. The later cuts are better and, as usual, the fewer musicians playing with Hooker the less his sound gets mucked up. &quot;Highway 13&quot;, &quot;Father Was a Jockey&quot; and yet another remake of &quot;Crawlin' Kingsnake&quot; are all quite nice. One wishes Hooker's late '80s and '90s producers more often had had the sense to leave him by himself or with minimal accompaniment. So, like all of Hooker's work on Pointblank, this is less about making a good album than honoring a lifetime of work. Still and all, worth having. His June 21st passing is greatly mourned.
B0000026VF|5.0|Does &quot;Abby Road&quot; sound like &quot;Please Please Me&quot;?  EUROPE progressed over the years and I think Prisoners in Paradise is a tight hard rock album with fantastic melodies.  Some of my favorite songs were not put out as singles, such as &quot;Girl from Lebanon,&quot; &quot;Mind in the Gutter,&quot; &quot;Bad Blood,&quot; and &quot;7th Sign.&quot;  I love Kee Marcello's flying guitar and Mic Michaeli's amazing keyboard solos.  They acheived magical new heights within each song that Joey Tempest so brilliantly created.  The album showed EUROPE as a solid band and captured each member's talent.  This is an album that lacked proper promotion at the time and was very under-appreciated.<br />I am glad to learn that Spitfire Records are re-releasing this album with 2 bonus tracks, &quot;Mr. Government Man,&quot; and &quot;Long Time Comin'.&quot;  I love &quot;Mr. Government Man&quot; as it reflected the American west influence on EUROPE back in their &quot;Le Baron Boys&quot; days.  Sony should have released those LBB demo tracks as they sounded so incredibly powerful and lively!  Anyway, if you are looking for some timeless good rock n roll, or if you haven't gotten the PIP album, the new re-issueing version is something you don't want to miss.  I know I'll be back for it!  Let the EUROPE times rock!!
B00005BCNC|5.0|I just watched this movie last night caus i decided to rent a vid for the night.I was totally blown away by the whole thing and i would rate it with some of the best! I don't have any idea why this didn't beat Gladiator for the movie of the year or why Tom Hanks didn't beat Russel Crowe as the best actor. One thing for sure though this is a great movie and anybody will enjoy it.
0393316041|4.0|I enjoyed this book. If you enjoy this kind of thing then I reccommend these 2 books: The man who loved only numbers - Paul Hoffman    and Dancing naked in the mindfield - Kary Mullis
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is the best Limp Bizkit album out. You have to get it. you will not be dissponted
B000006TRV|5.0|I was sixteen years old and I bought The Wall on a Friday afternoon; got home from partying on Friday night and stuck this on my headphones, thinking I would listen to a little taste.  An hour and a half later, I turned off the cassette player with my mind reeling.  The Wall was one the first albums to really open my eyes to the role lyrics could play in great music.  Seventeen years later, I still think the lyrics are some of the best rock has to offer - Comfortably Numb, Mother, Hey You, I could go on and on, but the point is, Roger Waters had a story to tell and he told it so well that hundreds of thousands of teenage boys have heard echoes of themselves in his words.  I'm old enough now that bands like Pink Floyd have lost a little of their &quot;mystique&quot;, but I'm not too old for great music, and on The Wall (and Dark Side of the Moon) the Floyd delivered big-time.  If you don't own this - why not?
B000005JA8|5.0|Fast and bulbous, tight also! This is a great album, no debate about that. It sounds like garbage when you first listen to, but force yourself to listen to it all the way through the first time you sit down and turn it on. That will at least give you a sense of pride about your pain tolerance. After a few more listens (Up to 10, I can ALMOST guarantee that the negative reviews are from people who didn't listen to it 10 times or more) you'll love it. It seems like a heavy price to pay, but once you get what's going on here (They rehearsed for a year. Every single note, silly joke, seemingly muffed lyric or take was planned out exactly as it appears) this will be one of your favorite albums.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|this is to the man and all the rest who say this album is not revolutionary because it isn't &quot;punk&quot;. Well thats kinda the point, its revolutionary because its not close minded 3 chord punk. They opened up to many styles of music and in doing so may have gone away from their punk roots but the result is better than anything thats been put out there in a long time.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is the best LB album to date. Lets start song by song.<br />INTRO:its just a into, i'm not gonna rate it<br />HOT DOG:This is a funny song, he says the f word about 50 times 5/5<br />MY GENERATION:Great song, i like the guitars 5/5<br />FULL NELSON:Its a pretty good song to listen to sometimes 4/5<br />MY WAY:This song is ok 3/5<br />ROLLIN'(AIR RAID VEHICLE): One of the best songs on the album 5/5<br />LIVIN' IT UP:an alright right song 3/5<br />THE ONE:A Stupid song 1/5<br />GETCHA GROOVE ON: A good song with xzibit 4/5<br />TAKE A LOOK AROUND:The mission impossible song, you know this is good 5/5<br />IT'LL BE OK:I like this song 4/5<br />BOILER:I like this song too 5/5<br />HOLD ON:Its too slow, i don't like it 1/5<br />ROLLIN'(URBAN ASSAULT VEHICLE):The best song on the CD, with red man, method man, and DMX 5/5<br />OUTRO:just and outro, i'm not gonna rate this either
B000002H6C|3.0|There are two bands called Metallica.  That's right, two!  They have the same members, except one of them has Cliff Burton on bass, and the other has Jason Newstead on bass.  The one with Cliff Burton has an awesome sound that is designed to showcase the considerable talents of each member, and poignant song lyrics about serious topics to make you think.  Songs like Santatarium, and Escape.  The one with Jason Newstead has a much more banal sound that is still considerably hard, but the first thing one notices is that the music itself is different.  Songs like I Disappear and Bleeding Me.  Hetfield can still tear up a solo, but it's as if they think their talents don't matter, or they don't have to show them off, or something.  Whatever the case, they are two bands with most of the same people and the same name.  They are two bands and the first one is dead.  This album is what started that death, but only slightly.  The death was completed with Load and Reload. Cliff died in a bus crash in Sweden.  It was a terrible tradgety both personally (to those who knew him) and musically.  This album in particular, their fourth studio release, is still an awesome showcase of James Hetfield's talent for songwriting.  Each and every song on here is an all out ballad of meaning and poignance.  Blackened and One are the best ones, both message-wise and musically.  The title song is the best for meaning only.  The problem with this record is the music.  It's hollow.  It's empty.  The all out thrash sound is gone.  Did they purposely do it?  Perhaps, but I think that without Cliff's influence, the band's sound began to take a turn for what I think is the worst.  This record really began the different direction.  The problem with it?  It's just not good.<br />Blackened - This song is about the downfall of the environment.  The sound is excellent, but unfortunately it promises a sound that doesn't continue.<br />And Justice For All - This song is about the corruption of the court system.  Excellent lyrics, but the music is downright boring.  It's disorganized, and seems to change randomly to have an all out muddled sound.  After the badass rythm of the first song, this one put me to sleep, literally.<br />Eye of the Beholder - This is a little better.  The song is about point of view and interpretation.  Great opening, but still kind of iffy.<br />One - Now this is excellent!!  The music is awesome and the meaning, I can't even say how beautiful this song is, for meaning!  It continues the band's strong anti-war message that they've sung about for the previous two records.  For Whom the Bell Tolls was good musically, and Desposable Heroes was the king for meaning, until now.<br />The Shortest Straw - This one is all right in itself, but the muddled sound is back.  It's about prejudice, and lyrically it does quite well.<br />Harvester of Sorrow - This song seems to be about being driven to madness by drugs.  The lyrics are okay.  The music sounds good for a while, but it gets real slow.  It kind of trudges along, like everything else.<br />The Frayed Ends of Sanity - This song is just as slow and sludgy as the previous one, and it's two minutes longer as well.  It seems to be about descending into madness.  The lyrics are all right.<br />To Live Is To Die - This is the traditional instrumental song.  It has one part with words, but they're spoken.  They were written by Cliff I assume, since this song is the only one on the album that has his name credited to it.  It begans softly, like funeral music, and then turns into a dirge of heavy sound.  It seems better than the last two songs (which seemed like filler to me) but it's still just as slow.  At times it seems haphazard, but by the time I got to it, my mind had achieved a sort of numbness.<br />Dyer's Eve - This song is about anger towards parents.  Lyrically, it's pretty good, but it's nothing from their old records.  It begans hard after the procession of the previous song, but it's stillhaphazard.  It's nice to have a hard song to close with, but it's such a violent attack message-wise, that it left a bad taste in my mouth.<br />All in all, Jaymz can still tear it up, but the rest of the music was a kind of plodding trudge that was such a change from their previous sound that I was disappointed.  The lyrics are awesome, but don't save it, unfortunately.  Jaymz has never actually SANG before this record, and he still doesn't, but perhaps that would have made the slow dirge sound good.<br />After Cliff passed away, the band began to sound more and more different, until they are a second band in my mind.  This is what started that trend.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is, plain and simple, an awesome cd.  There is not a single bad song on the entire cd.  Even Flow, Alive, and Jeremy are the best tracks, but none are bad.  Pearl Jam combines great musical talent and writing skills to become perhaps the best band of the nineties.
B000003TA4|5.0|6 months ago, spurred on by the respect it recieved, I first listened to Nirvana's Nevermind. About 40 minutes later my music world would never be the same. This is rock and roll as it was meant to be. Fast, furious, angry, and poetic all at once. Like many I would say that Smells Like Teen Spirit is the best song on the album and one of the greatest songs of all time. But there is so much more. Come As You Are is the other great song on the album, and it simply tells you to come as you are throughout. Then there is the raging fast beat and screaming angst (thank you for that, Kurt Cobain) of In Bloom, Breed, Drain You, Lounge Act, and On A Plain. Almost every song is a great song. (with the exception of Territorial Pissings, Something IN the Way, and Polly, which are only good songs.)<br />Simply put this is rock and roll that never lets up. When you mix fury, fast music that never lets up, and the poetry of Kurt Cobain you have one of the greatest albums of all time. Buy it now, and have it for all eternity!
B000001G5H|5.0|I bought this album, heard the first track (Opus 10, Number 1), and I got a Pollini Jones (can't get enough of Pollini).  Listen to Op. 10, No. 1--a two minute thrill ride.  As is Op. 25, No. 12, the last track on the CD.  They both move you in waves and torrents of notes beautifully and perfectly played.  Most importantly, listening to this recording makes one think, &quot;Ahh, here is Chopin's music,&quot; and not just, &quot;Wow, Pollini sure can play the piano.&quot;  Highly, highly recommended.
1573300403|4.0|A great collection of some of Michael's most famous work (Thriller, Smooth Criminal) as well as videos we've rarely seen (Liberian Girl, Earth Song, etc.). This disc makes you remeber why he is one of the greatest entertainers of this century.<br />Two Highlights of this disc are: 1)Michael's 1995 MTV Awards performance. It's probably his single best performance of  his career. 15 minutes of singing and dancing to five or six of his past hits and finishing off with &quot;You Are Not Alone&quot; in front of a choir. 2)A Special feature that allows you to read the lyrics of the song as you watch the videos.<br />The only negative is the fact that you have to flip the disc over. For some reason it's on two sides. Other than that, Enjoy!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is one CD that is meant to be listened to continuously.  If you only listen to it one song at a time, you only get have of this cd's greatness.  Sure, songs like Paranoid Android, Karma Police, Electioneering, and Exit Musikc (for a film) are all great songs (as are many others0, but when you listen to the whole disc at onece, you will see that it truly flows from one song to another.  So my recommendation is, if you don't have it, BUY IT! NOW!
B00003CXRM|4.0|This movie had a creative plot intertwined with wonderful music that characterizes the depression era.  Clooney hit the southern accent right on (from what my Yankee ears could tell) and cleverly portrayed an American Ulysses.  I enjoyed this movie to pieces and could watch it a hounded times and still laugh in all of the right places.
B00005KARK|5.0|No other Disney movie has ever captured my undivided attention as has Dumbo. These days the Disney animators just try to amaze viewers with what is pleasing to the eyes, and forget about the story. Watch the backgrounds in Dumbo and you might think that &quot;hey this isn't very good animation!&quot; Well, you're wrong! They did this movie by hand! No computer graphics to take away from the beautiful story of this little misunderstood elephant. If you don't love this movie you are crazy!
B00005ASGG|5.0|Truth be told, pilgrim, Doniphon was more like Valence than he was like the pencil-necked bookworm played by Stewart, who was more like Vera Miles. (Two ironies come to mind: First, it was Doniphon himself--not law books, women or Stewart's lawyer--who paved the way for civilization, by killing Valence and letting Stewart take the credit. Second, in real life (if movie fans care) Stewart risked his life in WW II bombers over Germany while Wayne stayed at home with a deferment.) One quibble: I wish the studio would use Gene Pitney's song as the theme.
B000002UR7|5.0|This is truly an awesome album.  But if you listen to this one and any other Radiohead album, it is hard to believe they are the same band.  This just further prooves Radiohead's greatness and diversity.  Anyway, this CD is made up almost exclusively of great songs.  This cd songs just like any good rock band, with only a slight hint of social rebellion in 'creep'.  Other than that, this could be any band.  But, even though this cd lacks what sets Radiohead apart, it is still a great CD.  The best song is definitely 'anyone can play guitar'.  IF you listen to that, followed by 'ripcord', you will hear to of the smoothest song duos on andy cd.  You can hardly tell where one endsand the other begins, but they both sound great.  Also, of cousre, 'creep', is a reat song.  I could just list every songon the cd but i wont, ill just stop at saying every song on this CD rocks except, perhaps 'lurgee'
B00003CXN4|1.0|This ...!  Boring.  Boring.  Boring.  I can't imagine why this movie was up for any award especially an Academy Award!  The best actor was the strung out teenager.  I cannot believe that Benicio del Toro beat the bad guy from Gladiator for his performance.  It was truly the most twisted example of how politics and popularity rule the Academy Awards.  <br />In addition calling it a movie is really inaccurate.  It is a documentary film.  Excitement?  NO.  Action?  NO  Drama? YES  If not for the puzzle you have to put together to understand how all the characters are interwoven there is no entertainment value.  This is a classic and depressing example of the ... Hollywood has been dishing out for the past couple of years with few exceptions.  But you'll watch it anyway for the sake of the famous Douglas couple.
0064409422|5.0|(This is written by my Son, Kean) It is a magical book filled with wonderful adventures.The book is about four children who step through a wardrobe into a magical world called Narnia filled with a witch, a magical lion called Aslan, and talking animals. The first person to step into the wardrobe was Lucy. She came back and told the others but nobody believed her. Next was Edmund, who stepped into the wordrobe. He came back and told the others, but nobody believed Lucy and Edmund. But, one day, the others were running away from a maid and hid in the wardrobe. They stepped into Narnia. On their way, they met up with a family of talking beavers, and Aslan and a witch that wants to make Narnia snowy forever. This book has great fantasy about evil forces and all the things that make a childrens' book great! I wish that more books could be as interesting and full of adventure as this one!
B00000J6AG|5.0|After owning this cd for about a month and a half, i am FINALLY ready to review it. You see, this is a very unusual album, that demands repeated listenings to be fully understood. Here i go. My absolute FAVORITE songs are: Porcelain, South Side, Everloving, Inside, and My Weakness. But there truly are NO bad songs. Every song included is necessary. The album will most likely mean nothing to the person that has not listened to it the whole way through in 1 sitting. While the album begins with a heavy influence of blues (Find My Baby), it tends to move into pop (South Side, Rushing), then jazz (Run On) and finally new age (Everloving, My Weakness). But this is definately NOT a mish-mash cd, it could not have a better sense of flow. This album's beauty can be appreciated by anyone. About 97% of my cd collection consists of standard musical theater cd's (The Phantom of the Opera, Cats, Les Miserables, etc.). So if you think that you shouldn't purchase this cd because it is not the type of thing you normally listen to-----buy it!!!! Chances are that you'll love it (as i did), and if you don't, i'll buy it off you!!! Enjoy!
B000059QYB|4.0|I've read everyone of the reviews listed here and was shocked to see no one mention one of my favorite singles and songs from the 80s &quot;Hot in the City&quot;.  I think I first heard the song in the movie &quot;Big&quot; and the scene where Tom Hanks sticks his head out of the sunroof of the Limo.  Such a piledriving chorus and infectious arrangment.  I love this song.  It's the type of song I can see Bruce Springsteen bring the house down at one of his concerts.
B00000J6AG|5.0|After owning this cd for about a month and a half, i am FINALLY ready to review it. You see, this is a very unusual album, that demands repeated listenings to be fully understood. Here i go. My absolute FAVORITE songs are: Porcelain, South Side, Everloving, Inside, and My Weakness. But there truly are NO bad songs. Every song included is necessary. The album will most likely mean nothing to the person that has not listened to it the whole way through in 1 sitting. While the album begins with a heavy influence of blues (Find My Baby), it tends to move into pop (South Side, Rushing), then jazz (Run On) and finally new age (Everloving, My Weakness). But this is definately NOT a mish-mash cd, it could not have a better sense of flow. This album's beauty can be appreciated by anyone. About 97% of my cd collection consists of standard musical theater cd's (The Phantom of the Opera, Cats, Les Miserables, etc.). So if you think that you shouldn't purchase this cd because it is not the type of thing you normally listen to-----buy it!!!! Chances are that you'll love it (as i did), and if you don't, i'll buy it off you!!! Enjoy!
B0000025CP|5.0|The fourth offering from the Priest was its most remarkable thus far. While the previous albums were softer and emotional, this album redefines the meaning of Judas Priest by adding the famous raw guitar sound (which is to become more and more evident until Defenders). However, despite the fact the music actually got heavier and harder, the album doesn't sacrifice the emotional setting mood we were experiencing with previous masterpieces such as Sad Wings. As for the excellent songs themselves, again, there are no fillers, each song is a beauty by itself. We kick off with Priest's best ever album opener - Exciter, a speedy rocker featuring all you could ask for in 5 minutes: the excellent and catchy chorus and verses, killer drumming, light speed  riffs, and great dual guitar solos. The next two songs define the essence of this recording featuring  oldschool classics in the names of White Heat, Red Hot and Better By You, Better Than Me (you'll love them). The title track is next, and just like the remainder of the album it keeps you breathless all the way. Invander is a nice straightforward pounder featuring great mid-song instrumentals. Saints In Hell is one that makes this album a masterpiece, with the excellent guitar solos and powerful chorus. Savage is next and leaves you mesmerized to see what the Priest can compress into a three and the half minute space - you have to listen to it to believe it (has stellar solos!). Next one is Beyond The Realms Of Death - one of the Priest's greatest ballads ever, with the sad  but powerful acoustic guitar riff and extremly emotional Glenn Tipton solos, and not to mension  the endless backward messages, this is something no one can skip. The closing Heroes End doesn't  disappoint as well, and blends perfectly with the rest of the album closing it just about flawlessly. The lyrics of the entire album are excellent, the sound quality is top notch for the time,  and musically speaking it just couldn't be any better. Add to it the classical and epic feel of the  album and Rob's heavenly vocal performance, alongside all of the hidden backward messages and mystical  features throughout and you're left with yet another must-buy Judas Priest album.<br />After 23 years I can tell you without hesitation that compared to today's offerings this album only glows shinier on you, shinier than ever before. <br />Whether you like Heavy Metal or just classical hard rock at its best, there is no going wrong with  this purchase, you won't regret it!
B00003CWN2|5.0|this is very touching movie. hilary swank and the rest of the cast are great. i liked the fact that the director showed what actually happened even though some things were not true. for example brandon gets a ride from john &amp; tom and wakes up in falls city. the truth is that brandon goes to falls city after being outcasted in lincoln. in falls city he meets lana &amp; candace (supposedly lisa lambert in real life.)then there's lana's mom though the movie makes her look like a bad guy she really isn't she encourages brandon to go to the police. then there's brandon's death where john and tom go to kill brandon and lana tries to stop them. in reality lana was not at the crime scene at the time of brandon's death. never the less this movie will alway's bring a tear to your eye
0027164403|5.0|My 21 month old loves this - it's got great animals &amp; nice pictures.  Highly recommend
6304011431|3.0|This is one of the more uneven films I've seen in the last few years.  There are moments that are blindingly inappropriate and ones that are deeply touching. There is a lot of pain here, and a sense of reconciliation that is undeniable, and I think that's why it had such an appeal for younger viewers.<br />The performances are uneven, too, though in some cases I think this has more to do with how the characters were written than with any lack of ability on the part of an excellent cast.  Lance Henriksen has rarely gotten roles this good. He is allowed a range of emotion that is way beyond most of the stuff he's been doing in the last couple of years. I really think this is one of his best performances, and if he doesn't have tears running down your face at least once during the film, you're a no-hoper.<br />Give it a try.  You might find some real personal value in this story.
0790736233|4.0|This was a very good movie, but a little....loopy at the end. Jodie Foster plays an astronomy lover who dedicates her life to finding alien life.  She falls in love with Matthew McConaughey, who's life is with God. Jodie's life takes a deffinite turn when she finds out that their is more than stars out there... Good movie overall. I recomend it if your into astonomy or just want a good movie.
B00004Y6OA|4.0|Woman and Children First is one of the Van Halen remasters listeners will notice clear improvements on.  Little David Lee Roth vocal nuances and backround noise are clearly audible on the Cradle Will Rock, Eddie's first jump (sorry) into the electric piano.<br />Van Halen broke away from their shorter tight song structure on this recording, delving into blues and acoustic numbers as well as end-of-album extravaganzas characteristic of 70's lps. In A Simple Rhyme closes the set and is a tune that would make the Who proud.
B000002H33|5.0|&quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is, in my opinion, Metallica's greatest album, and I find it sad that it is so overlooked most of the time. In their pre-Black Album days, Metallica was pure heavy metal, every song is played at breakneck speed (even their ballads get fairly heavy), and the lyrics are among the most incredible, intelligent ever written. These songs could actually be better defined as compositions, only eight tracks here and the album clocks in at more than an hour. This was also Metallica's last album with bassist Cliff Burton who died in a bus accident, and one must wonder what direction they would have taken had he lived. On Master of Puppets, Metallica perfects their form, every song moves along at a good pace, not a moment on the album is boring. &quot;Battery&quot; is the perfect start to this album, followed by one of Metallica's best songs ever, &quot;Master of Puppets.&quot; &quot;Orion&quot; is an awesome instrumental, and &quot;Sanitarium&quot; is an incredible metal-ballad. Simply put, there isnt a single song on this album I dont love. I am a huge Metallica fan, and sad to say a lot of their new material dissapoints me. Some of the songs off Load and Reload are good, but the album as a whole is lacking in substance. If you want Metallica's best, I suggest everything up till (and including) the Black Album. But start with Master of Puppets, you wont be dissapointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|But the broad with the short dark hair isn't at all ugly, either...I managed to not see this during however many months it was in the theatres, but I finally broke down and bought the DVD during a recent spending spree that would have made even House Democrats cringe.  This is one helluva movie, and I would recommend it to anyone.  Action sequences are cool, fighting is top-notch, and Keanu wasn't asked to perform beyond his abilities, which made him much more believable.  Probably too violent for the kids, but there is no direct sexual content that I recall.  All the bad guys end up dead, too.
0440219078|5.0|This book is of a boy that lives in a world without color, excitement, fun, or anything out of the ordinary.  This one little boy from a bland world is one of the few of those people to experience the things of the real world.
B000051VWW|5.0|Having been a Sade fan for years, I purchased her CD without having heard any of the songs.  I must say that I felt so moved and revitalized with emotions and passion for music that only Sade's songs can deliver. I felt as if I had new hearing, perhaps because my ears had been numbed by years of cookie-cutter, formulaic melodies and lyrics.       I think alot of people have missed the boat with their criticisms of Sade's music and style.  The negative reviews seem to be based on the fact that A)the songs are not capable of cracking the top ten and B)the songs sound the same from beginning to end.  Hallelujah!!  I, for one, am so weary of juvenile music with unintelligent lyrics, marketable and lackluster beats and melodies, and  a cookie-cutter formula designed to appeal to a 12 year old's impressionable ,puberty-driven tastes.   This is not &quot;OOPS! I Did it Again.&quot;  There are no &quot;hot&quot; dance tracks with a rap solo thrown in for &quot;added commercial appeal.&quot;  There are not 8 producers on the project, giving the CD a disjointed and desparate feel.  This is not techno, house, hip-hop, bubble-gum pop music! This is Sade..a musical group intent on staying true to their style instead of selling out and becoming the flavor-of-the-month. Without the benefit of constant(or any)radio airplay, remaining in the spotlight at all times and at all costs, and expensive image makeovers, the fans remain loyal. Quality never goes out of style. This is why millions of fans respect them as artists and love their music. This is a soulful, thoughtful, classic, and uncompromised CD , rescuing us from an otherwise dismal musical landscape.
B000002J09|5.0|Without question, the greatest Hard Rock/Heavy Metal album of all time. Only Abbey Road truly compares to the majesty and influence and brilliance of this album.  That's all that needs to be said on the topic - great pieces of work don't need to be justified!<br />As for the reviewer who stated that Led Zeppelin's 4th album is merely a stepping stone.  A stepping stone to what?  To 'Ten', to 'Nevermind', to 'Appetite for Destruction', to 'Rattle and Hum'?. Oh Please!  We all know that Led Zeppelin IV was an album so rich in scope and hard rock dynamics, that its value and worth make it THE final stone in the hard rock path to Truth and Enlightment - there are no more stones, just incomparable pebbles!  Face it people, its never been the same since and it never can be!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Years ago my father would drag me to a few folk music festivals. I never really liked them, but what I didn't know was that my father was causing this music to become a part of become part of my DNA makeup. I didn't realize this until on a whim I bought and listened to &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot;. This soundtrack brings back memories for me. If you're history is similar it will do the same thing for you.<br />Of course, there is more to this album than just a reminder of the folk music I was forced to listen to. The new songs are catchy and the old songs are wonderfully done. With their simple messages they dig into our human collective conscience. They remind us of who we are and who we should be.
067960085X|5.0|I first read this book in college, when a roommate recommended it to me.  I instantly fell in love with and wanted to BE Holly Golightly.  She is such an intense, strong, beautiful (inside and out) character who lived life on her own terms, no matter what was thrown her way.  Every man who came into contact with her fell in love, not because she was beautiful but because she was a free creature that they wanted to tame, even though they knew she should not and could not be.  The events of Holly's life are mostly her own making.  And when they aren't, she makes the best of a bad situation.  She is an inspiration to all who read her story.  Mr. Capote has created a character for the ages; one who can and should inspire one to live life on their own terms, no matter what.
0679879269|4.0|I finished this book just last night and I still can feel the tention and heartbreak. Although I thought that this book was excellent, one of the best in the triliogy, but it still has it's flaws. The only main problem that I had was that there was to much changing in world. Like when Dr. Malone would be in one, then the next chapter we would be in Lyra and Will's world and back again. <br />The ending I though was heart-wrenching. I don't think that I have ever cried that hard for a movie or a book. Still the day after I still have this feeling in the pit of my stomach. The relationship between Will and Lyra could not of been handled better.
B000001DTM|5.0|or I could write an approximately-40-page thesis paper. Either way, this album is a perfect marraige of arty experimentation and guitar driven rock n' roll. And I am sick to death of some people dismissing this cd as 'too electronic' when in fact, this is an Edge/guitar vehical from head to toe. Most of the noises that sound like they're comming from a synthesizer are actually comming from the Edge's guitar. Yes, I was surprised to learn that too when I first heard Achtung Baby, and that is what made me love it even more.
B0000057C5|5.0|Before I listened to this CD, I had never even LIKED metal and never thought I would listen to any.  Really!  I heard &quot;Spiel Mit Mir&quot; and I immediately became interested.  The songs completely drew me in because they are different from all others I had ever heard.  Till's voice (the main singer) is very very addicting, more so than any other singer's because he sings in a low almost whisper while having a deep voice.  <br />Most all the songs are sexual in nature.  However, none are offensive in any way unless you dont like hearing sexually explicit songs.  Ever since I got Sehnsucht (Longing or Hunger,) I bought Mutter (Mother) about 3 days afterwards.  Now I'm just about to go to the mall and get Herzeleid and Live Aus Berlin.  <br />Rammstein's music is addicting because it has the most incredible beat, and it mixes a lot of styles of music together.  A little industrial, a little techno (not much) and more.  It's the only thing I've been listening to for the past three weeks since I got hooked.  You'll never get sick of the songs.  And since it's in German, it takes a lot of times hearing it to be able to sing along, which I am almost able to do now.<br />The difference between Sehnsucht and Mutter?  They are both AWESOME with no faults.  Mutter is a bit more modernized in that their songs are more different from eachother.  Sehnsucht's songs are more similar in style:  fast, energetic, and addicting.  You need to have both... you will eventually because you cannot just have one.<br />If you have another one of Rammstein's CD's, and is still hesitant of buying this one even after reading this review, DON'T!  That's the worst thing you can do.  Buy it now, and I gurantee you will not be disappointed!!!
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse sound great but they sound EXACTLY like Radiohead. I played some of their MP3s and thought they were Radiohead for ages. If Muse are sick of hearing the comparisons maybe they should try and sound different. But this is a good thing for Radiohead fans since Radiohead no longer sound like Radiohead anyway.
B0000029DD|5.0|I don't usually talk about my love affair with the music of Jeff Buckley, but given the fact there are millions of people on this earth who dare say &quot;who?&quot; when I name my favorite musician, I feel I must make this one attempt to enlighten the masses. <br />Buckley's &quot;Grace,&quot; his first and only professionally released album, is an open diary into the mind and soul of a musical genius. His music is emotionally charged and beautifully written. With an incredible vocal octive range, Jeff sounds almost angelic in his rendition of &quot;Corpus Christi Carol.&quot; He also rocks-out with his seemingly prophetic rendition of his original, &quot;Eternal Life.&quot; His &quot;enhanced&quot; cover of Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot; has always been a fan favorite. His delicate guitar accompaniment compliments his performance, giving the listener a very intimate feel. By far, my most favorite song on the album is his original, &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over.&quot; With lyrics like, &quot;It's never over, she's the tear that hangs inside my soul forever,&quot; how can the female listener not swoon? &quot;Grace&quot; is the *only* choice for the hypothetical &quot;stranded-on-a-desert-island-with-one-great-album&quot; gig; each song is wonderful, and you never, ever get tired of them. . .<br />When I listen to Jeff Buckley's &quot;Grace&quot;, it is truly a spiritual experience. I lie on the floor with my headphones on, and am lifted away to a place with no earthly connection. He was a gorgeous musician with a gift to share. I feel privledged that I have been able to know him through his music, if not in life. To not buy this album is to never truly know how beautiful and pure the human spirit can be. . .
B00003CXS4|5.0|I seem to be in the minority as I actually preferred Snatch to Lock, Stock, n' Two Smoking Barrels.  The plot breezes along at a million miles an hour, but it is entirely secondary to the characters, who are well fleshed out and uniformly funny.  It's been said before, but Brad Pitt really does steal the show as an incomprehensible, undefeatable Gypsy boxer.
B000002L68|5.0|I'll make it short. This is the greatest movie soundtrack of all time !!! It's such an amazing recording of sheer genius that it also ranks in the Top Fifteen discs (or albums) of ALL TIME !!!! If you don't own it and you love music, then get this CD ASAP !!! It's an essential disc !!!!
B00003CXS4|5.0|LET ME START OUT BY SAYING I HAVE NEVER SEEN LOCK STOCK AND TWO SMOKING BARRELS....SO FOR ALL OF YOU READING WHO HAVENT SEEN THAT FILM EITHER LET ME TELL YOU WHATS UP....THIS FILM IS ONE OF THOSE FILMS THAT IS SO DIFFERENT FROM EVERYTHING ELSE I HAVE SEEN THAT IT STRIKES ME AS CLASSIC....IT REMINDS ME OF THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED PULP FICTION, OR RESEVOIR DOGS....ITS NOT SIMILAR TO THOSE...IT JUST GAVE ME THE SAME FEELING......BASICALLY ITS A COMEDIC GANGSTER FILM WITH LIKE 10 OR SO MAIN CHARACTERS...THEY ALL HAVE FUNNY AND ORIGINAL NAMES AND PERSONALITIES...AND ALL THE ACTORS GIVE TRUELY GREAT PERFORMANCES....THE CAMARA WORK IN THIS FILM IS AWESOME AND FAST PACED.....THIS MOVIE HAS THE PERFECT BALANCE OF ACTION AND COMEDY TO KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT IN ANTICIPATION AND AT THE SAME TIME LAUGHING YOUR ASS ... AND ITS GOT AN AWESOME MOVIE SCORE AS WELL.  YOU CAN TELL THEY HAD AS MUCH FUN MAKING THIS FROM THE SPECIAL FEATURES DISC....GUY RITCHIES COMMENTARY IS GOOD...AND CHECK OUT THE \\"WHOOPS\\" DELETED SCENE.....ITS A CLASSIC SCENE....GREAT FILM ALL AROUND....GREAT DVD ALL AROUND.  I AM GONNA GO CHECK OUT LOCK STOCK RIGHT AWAY BECAUSE IF PEOPLE ARE SAYING IT IS BETTER THAN THIS FILM IT WILL PROBABLY BE ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES EVER.....GUY RITCHIE IS THE MAN....ORIGINAL, FUN, INTERESTING, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY HIGHLY ENTERTAINING......CHECK IT OUT...I JUST WISH BENICIO (WHO IS AWESOME IN THE FILM) DEL TORO HAD A LITTLE BIT MORE TIME BEFORE HE HAD TO \\"GIVE UP HIS BRIEFCASE\\"  DONT PASS THIS ONE UP!!!!!!
B00005BL2A|4.0|When I saw DM's video for Dream On on MTV recently I was completley unaware they had come back. As a fan since the beginning, I dashed out and bought Exciter. I have to admit that the first four or five plays I was thinking of taking it back as it was uneven and dreary. Since then, I have played it over and over and like it more each time. I love 'I Feel Loved', 'Dream On' and 'Dead of Night' but still hate Comatose (have to skip it :)). In the end I think this album though initially seeming dull and depressing is one of their best. If nothing else, it made me remember why I loved them so much in the past. I just went out and bought all their albums on CD, (to replace the vinyl and tape), so it sure as hell didnt put me off. I thought oshfr's review to be about right about it.<br />Who know's a few more plays and I might even like Comatose. :). So worth the purchase, but you have to stick with it. Glad Dave has kicked the drugs too.
B000006E17|3.0|It's ironic that someone like Pasolini, a communist and humanist of the first order, would produce a film so disgusting and disturbing, and which was so vile in its statement about the human condition.  Maybe he became so overwhelmed by the subject matter that he grew more interested in portraying atrocities than in any message that he had intended at the beginning of the film.  I've only seen it once, but it refuses to leave me, years later.  It does have the traditional slower pacing common in foreign films, but if you &quot;enjoy&quot; films that disturb you, you should track this one down.
B000002IWQ|4.0|This is a pretty solid effort from Rush who do almost everything flawlessly (&quot;Test for Echo&quot; would be one of the only exceptions to that rule). &quot;Animate&quot; sets the tone with straight on rock and roll and the rest of &quot;side one&quot;, to use a term that no longer applies, is okay, with the exception of &quot;Nobody's Hero&quot; where Rush mistakenly strays into heavy handedness of social issues. Neil Peart succeeds better when he remains more subtle with any social or political commentary. &quot;Side two&quot; is where the album really takes off with the instrumental &quot;Leave That Thing Alone&quot; being the only track to show any signs of weakness. &quot;Alien Shore&quot;, &quot;The Speed of Love&quot;, &quot;Cold Fire&quot;, and the great &quot;Everyday Glory&quot; are all first rate. This is definitely an underappreciated effort by the group and that's a shame because there's much to like here.
B00005BL2A|4.0|While certainly not the best Depeche Mode album, this is the finest release the guys have made in years. It certianly supercedes &quot;Ultra&quot; in my opinion. While slow at times, this moody and more mature sound is to be expected from a band that has just turned 20. I compare it to SOFAD in the sense that the album grew on me. After hearing DM in concert, this album meant a whole lot more to me. While certainly not &quot;Violator&quot; this is one of the Mode's better releases. And even if you dont like CD, see the tour, they play a lot of great early 90s and late 80s stuff.
B00005BJC7|4.0|walking down  the box set isle and see this limited version of the new radiohead cd.  not only was the cover and art awesome the cd blew me away.  #1's and #3 are my personal favorites from the cd.  i like what they did with the whole project and highly recommend this cd.  and get it quick because this special edition is supposedly very limited.  i wasnt into kid a when i first got it.  actually it wasnt until i hear amnesiac that i listened to the entire kid a cd.  which i cant get enough of now.  i think idioteque on that cd is brilliant.  read all the stories about radiohead songs here.   [...]  ..... Enjoy !
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Wow!  I didn't think it could get any better than Savage Garden's first self-titled cd, but it has.  Savage Garden show a new side of themselves in this wonderful cd titled Affirmation.  Affirmation is full of all different songs that make you want to get up and dance and sing along.
B0000026UV|5.0|GREAT CD FROM TWO OF THE MOST TALENTED GUITAR PLAYERS OF ALL TIME! IT'S HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! YOU 'LL LOVE IT!
6305922756|5.0|This is one of the funniest and most clever films ever made.  It's writing shimmers and shines with comedic genuis showing most clearly in the hysterical dialog and not to mention the absurdity of the lyrics to such classic songs as, Sex Farm, Hell Hole, and Big Bottom.<br />Do yourself a favor and have Derek, Nigel, David, and the boys over one night for some good, old fashioned (loud) rock-n-roll.
B00005KB9W|5.0|When Bob Marley passed away in 1981, I was only three years old. So I never had a chance to see this great man perform live but this CD showcases his talent and takes me there. The sound of this remastered CD is excellent. The set, though pretty short at 45min, includes great performances..Trenchtown Rock, No Woman, No Cry(also featured on Legend), and the bonus cut Kinky Reggae (an underrated Marley cut). So for those of us who never saw this man live...this is the next best thing. Oh yeah....play this record loud! We miss you Bob....hope your in a safe place.
B00004R99U|1.0|When I first heard that Disney was making a sequel to Pocahontas I was really angry because I KNEW she would end up with John Rolfe and I didn't want that to happen. I BOUGHT the movie being the idiot I am and I was throughly dissapointed! John Smith was voiced by someone else and seemed completely heartless and everyone wanted Pochontas and John Rolfe togeather, and she was so mean to him since the begining of the movie. John Smith looked so much older and gross in this movie! I hated the songs and that stupid cook that took care of Pocahontas! This movie is really bad, no wonder Mel Gibson wanted nothing to do with it! There shoud be a lable on the cover of the movie instead of Pocahontas' ugly mug that reads: WARNING: Prepare to lose all respect for Pocahontas and Disney sequels!
B000002O51|2.0|When I was a kid I remember seeing a hot rod magazine. In the back there was a cartoon about a guy who had the brilliant idea of creating a talking car.  He worked on it for years and years, and was finally able to make it work.  When he wheeled it onto the street the people were amazed. &quot;Look, there's one of those old fashioned talking cars.&quot;   That's the feeling I got when I first heard this album in the 80s.  Poor Tom was the guy locked away in his basement for so long the world passed him by.  The liner notes make a big deal of having no strings, even though it sounds like it.  Well Tom, the synthesizer was old news by then. The hit single seemed tacked on to give some commercial value. At that it was successful. Too bad the rest is just a re-hash of the debut album.
B000006F1C|5.0|One the best movies I've seen. Its strength lies on the scenes between Portman and Hutton. I have never seen two actors fall into such ideal roles so naturally and fully. Her portrayal of the idealistic girl is so inspiring, she invokes an underlying feeling of loneliness and sadness, perhaps unknowingly, which we can only imagine must accompany a 13 year old who has so far matured that she is making a thoughtful late 20 year old man second guess himself. When Marty and Will speak near the film's conclusion, we see she is in tears as she packs away her sled. The tears are a bit too good however, and it seemed something didn't quite add up; not with Scooter, not even with William. Is such a bright, strong, &quot;old soul&quot;, crying because she's having a hard time finding the right guy for her, or because she's realized there's a good chance no one ever will be? It's worth seeing for these scenes alone!
0671027573|5.0|I wait patiently for Linda Howard's books. This one was great.  Funny, sexy and enjoyable to read.  Wish it didn't end so soon.  Why can't some of the good writers like Linda Howard, who have been around awhile write more books like this? It seems they have stopped. Great Summer Reading.  Try it, you'll like it.
6303972810|5.0|This movie is my all time favorite. I've been watching it all my life. I used to bring it with me on vacations (which is how I lost my first copy). I love it so very very much. Its very funny, but you have to pay attention or you'll miss something and you won't understand. But, if you pay attention, you'll like it.
B00005ASOC|4.0|I still remember Connery as the monk in that scene of &quot;The name of the Rose&quot;, in the burning library of the monastery full of the rarest and most valuable treasures, embracing books as many as possible, desperately recognizing he cannot save them all. Now here, same convincing, as Forrester, he acts a formerly admired writer, who has closed himself into his own library, walling off from the public because of the hard fate that stroke his family. Seeing only the part of the world in front of his small window, he seems to even get a bit arrogant and self-satisfied. Kind of patronizing he starts to teach a highly gifted young student the arts of writing and gives him the finishing touches. But very soon it shows up, that not only the old man is the teacher. In their meetings, the two of them have to learn from each other, they help each other to find themselves and the truth of life. Finally the old man comes back to reality. The film ends in a warm feeling of the mutual benefit of this close friendship between two persons so different in age.
0345442989|4.0|I wasn't sure what to expect when I purchased this book, but after reading it, I was not disappointed. <br />First of all, it is not adventure! Very few battles and although the Jedi are involved, very few lightsaber duels. It is, however, the lack of adventure that make this novel intriguing. It moves with a fairly quick pace, and has more twists than a spy novel. It was a joy to read, just trying to figure out what would happen next. <br />This novel also is the perfect set up to Episode I. It describes why the trade federation does what it does, what was the problem with Valorum's leadership, and why Palpatine just happened to be chosen as Supreme Chancellor. <br />I must recommend this novel because it is indeed different from the other SW novels. That difference is refreshing and hopefully we'll see more novels driven by character rather than sheer adrenaline.
0684800713|5.0|Jake Barnes' whole deal is that he will rip people down. He's angry and he's obviously being anti-semitic as an excuse to make up for his own (real or imagined)inadequacies. If anything, Hemingway is showing this as a way of NOT behaving. He captures the feeling of the time without necessarily advocating or condemning it.  But let's not condemn the book for accurately depicting the way people felt at the time. In The Scarlet Letter, they were all saying women shouldn't have sex. Is Hawthorne a sexist or a activist.
6305313687|5.0|EVERYONE SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE!<br />Edward Nortin gives a stunning and gripping performance which earned him a Best Actor nomination.  This is a movie that is so relevant to our time, that it hits the center our feelings and emotions concerning prejudice.<br />     Quite a few times during the movie I found myself agreeing with the foundational emotions of the character's racism.  But, I caught myself saying &quot;As a gay man, how can I agree with such ideology?&quot;  This movie depicts the foundations of racism and unnerves in us the realization that we all share some of the same or similar thoughts and emotions.  It may be directed to race, religion, sexual orientation, or gender; but the thoughts, as horrific as they are, demonstrates to us the true meaning of the movie: what's at the heart of the racism.  Not only that but it teaches us why?  This important concept will hopefully allow us to understand so that we may live in a better society and learn to live with prejudice!<br />     Edward Norton's stunning performance demonstrates his wonderful acting ability.  I first saw Ed Norton in Primal Fear.  I read the book and when I heard that they were making it into a movie, I told myself that the character Ed Norton played, had to be a wonderful actor in order to pull it off.  He did and more.  But, this movie only further demonstrates his acting ability, and in my book he should have won that year.<br />     This movie is hard to watch, hard to digest, and hard to understand - mostly because we identify with at least some of it.  This is a true depiction of the world we live in.  It shouldn't be this way, however I think that this is a movie that everyone has to see in order for us to live together and understand each other.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|ATDI is full-throddle yet melodic punk that drives lyrics and amazing musicianship through your body.  An excellent record to say the least.  Cedric's lyrics and yell hit you harder than you can imagine.  Just because you're a punker and love bands like Pennywise and Bad Religion, doesn't mean you'll love ATDI...you have to love brilliant music...and if you do then buy this record, not a single song will dissapoint.  Guaranteed.
B00003CWRX|5.0|There are several times in someones life when they feel that they have been wronged.  During this time, everyone wants to feel justice and rightfully so.  If you have never had your chance, this movie will give you that inspiration that you need in order to continue the struggle.<br />     While this movie is an actual portrayal of events surrounding the tobacco litigation, the movie by itself is wonderful.  The script is strategically written in order to demonstrate the frustrations that went on behind the scenes.  Al Pacino gives another great performance that will be added to his career as one of the best, not forgetting The Godfather triliogy.  Russle Crowe's performance should have been awarded with an Oscar for this performance, and not for his role in Gladiator.<br />     As a law student, this is the exact reason why I want to be a lawyer - to see that justice is done, regardless of the circumstances!<br />     This movie will make you think, and hopefully angry, about how business, society, and people operate in the world that we live in.  You have to see it, if for no other reason, because it depicts what America should be like!
0375704027|3.0|I have never read anything by Haruki Murakami but I was interested in reading more modern Asian literature and I kept passing by this book in the bookstore, so I decided to pick it up one day.  The writing (or to be precise the translated writing) was exquiste because the setting and the characters came to life through the frank and yet poetic choice of words.  The characters themselves were frighteningly realistic.  They're completely flawed and they are even aware of their flaws.  This made the romance between Watanabe and Naoko so beautifully tragic.  Wantanabe would be a completely hollow man after Naoko's death if he didn't have Midori in his life because she gives him vitality through her spirit.  I know that it would have to take Wantanabe a long time to get over the death and the very end does imply that he will move on with Midori but what made me mad was that he slept with Reiko before going back to Midori.  He had made this big deal to Midori about having sex with her while Naoko was still in the mental hospital and Midori handled it the best way that she can.  She is waiting for him to return back to her and they can move on with their lives in a more intimate way.  Now I understand that Reiko serves as a reminder of Naoko.  She was even wearing Naoko's clothes on that day but I don't think that having sex with Reiko brought any more closure to Naoko's death than if he had slept with Midori instead because having sex with either of them would not be the same as having sex with Naoko to him. However, if Watanabe had slept with Midori after he dealt with his feelings about Naoko's death, their connection would be stronger and the romance would be more compelling and thus made the implication of the two of them together moving on more real.
0684803356|5.0|From beginning to end, this novel shows Hemingway's masterful command of the english language to affect his readers.  This novel expertly touches upon every emotion a human being is capable of, holding a mirror to each and every one of us.  Robert Jordan's sense of honor wavers several times throughout the novel but in the end, decides he must sacrifice himself for the good of his country.  In a sense , he is almost like Jesus Christ.  What a great novel.
0783226551|4.0|Martin Scorsese's slick remake of the 1961 classic Cape Fear may not have the style of that one, but when Scorsese has his style in hand, why carp?<br />Cape Fear this time (still same story, but some minor adjustments) has Robert De Niro in tip-top shape as a ex-convict just right out of prison after 14 years, who after being self educated decides to seek out his lawyer who did him wrong by sending him to prison (Nick Nolte plays a good streesed out family man) and make his and his familie's lives living hell.  That's the basic plot and it sets up a lot of good excitement and thrills from the cast- Scorsese uses every one, and also lets improvisation steal some of the best scenes (the scene in the theater between Lewis and DeNiro for example).  The climactic ship scene is one of Scorsese's best scenes.<br />Not a total 5 star movie from Scorsese like the esceptional Raging Bull or Taxi Driver and certainly not the best film ever GoodFellas, but definately worth a look, especially Scorsese fans who will see a lot of his trademarks.  Massively entertaining as well.  Gregory Peck, who starred in the original Cape Fear, has a cameo as a lawyer.
B00000DLV1|5.0|I'm not the biggest fan of live albums, and I wasn't sure if Portishead's music would sound good live, but I absolutely love this album.  To hear the version of Sour Times, with Beth Gibbons absolutely blowing the roof off at the end, is worth the price of this cd alone.  Can't wait to hear what's next for this band.
0792156684|2.0|This film has a paradox while also being the highest grossing movie of all time (sad isn't it, that it beat out Star Wars, I mean episode 4).  Jim Cameron's direction isn't that bad actually as he sort of sets a good story up and the always known climax looks really good.  Unfortunately, he has a screenplay that makes the Jacqueline Suzan books seem like exceptional writings by comparison.  His screenplay, and the actors that act out the scenes are so inept, and bring this epic down so far, that you have to stand in awe of how bad it is near the end.  So while there is that, at least some of the visuals are far out and EXTREME fans of Cameron might find some interest.  Otherwise, beware
B000002N25|5.0|I remember hearing &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot; for the first time in 1979 on WBCN Boston.  The song was LIKE NOTHING ELSE on the radio.  What made it like nothing else was that wonderful guitar sound.  I'm still saying &quot;Wow!&quot; 22 years later -- the &quot;band&quot; isn't called Dire Straits, but the songwriter/guitar player is the same.<br />Mark K. just goes all over the map stylistically on this CD, and its my pleasure to go along and listen to whatever territory his songwriting and guitar playing embark upon.  The other players sound great, too.<br />P.S. If you want to try another virtuoso rock guitarist, I recommend Steve Howe's &quot;Quantum Guitar.&quot;
6304025831|3.0|I saw &quot;Casino&quot; because I am a fan of Martin Scorsese and Robert DeNiro.  Scorsese has made so many great movies that I didn't I could ever describe one of his movies as &quot;unmemorable.&quot;  His three-hour epic &quot;Casino&quot; proved me wrong.<br />&quot;Casino,&quot; which focuses on the rise and fall of organized crime in Las Vegas, is arguably Scorsese's worst movie.  Scorsese took on an interesting topic and had an opportunity to create a masterpiece.  Unfortunately, he couldn't seem to decide whether he wanted to create a crime picture or a graphic documentary about Las Vegas; a significant amount of time is simply spent introducing shady characters.  The film succeeds more as a documentary than as a gangster movie.  The movie is overlong by about an hour.  The movie also wastes a magnificent cast.  DeNiro, one of the greatest living actors, is given little to do as mobster Sam Rothstein.  Sharon Stone gives an overrated performance as DeNiro's wife.  Joe Pesci simply recycles his obnoxious gangster character from Scorsese's superior &quot;Goodfellas.&quot;  The great James Woods is given a completely thankless role as Stone's boyfriend.  Scenes of violence and mayhem do nothing to make the movie any more exciting or interesting.<br />Not a terrible movie, but inferior to Scorsese's previous work.  For a great Martin Scorsese-Robert DeNiro crime movie, see &quot;Mean Streets&quot; and &quot;Goodfellas.&quot;
B00005B4GU|4.0|Pyramid song is one of the best songs I've ever heard.  Almost scares me.
0805062971|5.0|Once you read this book you will see the world as it truly is, a machine which controls everybody. The world which is run by corporations, is set through two individuals' eyes, and they are sick of it.They start a new system, with no control, and the ultimate freedom. Eventually the main character gets endangered in what he has created...without even knowing it.<br />If you want to still live your lives pretending you are happy with materialistic things, do not read this book. If you want to continue living pretending that you are unique and special, do not read this book, because once you read this book you must forget everything you know and let this book teach you what you are in this lifetime.
B00005AQF7|5.0|Snoop Dogg's masterpiece &quot;Doggystyle&quot;,was released after the ground breaking west coast g-funk sounds of Dr. Dre's &quot;The Chronic&quot;,and the gangsta tales and gangsta funk continue where &quot;The Chronic&quot; left off.This album includes such Snoop classics as &quot;Gin And Juice&quot;,&quot;Whats My Name&quot;,&quot;Murder Was The Case&quot;,and &quot;Doggy Dogg World&quot;.And unlike most of the gangsta rap albums released after Death Row's first two masterpieces,this is an album that you are able to listen to the whole way through without hearing ANYTHING less than quality.Well,if you dont have this album or Dre's &quot;The Chronic&quot; by now,then there is no excuse,unless you have been living under a rock or,you have just started listening to rap music.If you dont have it,then just get it now.It will be one of the best purchases that you make!
0064407667|1.0|When I picked up this book I was full of great expectations. The children were talented, and I especially liked the biting part. THe book gradually dropped off, however, due in part to the authors obsession to share the meanings of everyday words. I found the plot to be lackluster, and predictable. I've read books 1,2, and 3 in the series, and each one shares pretty much the same plot. I would suggest that if you have an urge to read these books you should check them out at the library. The author points out in his letter on the back of the book that his novels are not ordinary novels, but contain only awful mishaps and no happy times. His words are true, but the unhappy quality in his books is the only thing that sets them apart.
6305399212|5.0|This movie is without a dout the best movie in the Alien series. It's totally awsome. It is just dripping with action and gunfire and all that stuff. Very realistic special effects and a very cool looking Alien. Also you finally get to see just where all the eggs come from and meet the extreme mother Alien. Run out and see this movie as soon as possible. Cause' this time it really is war...
B00005CDUE|3.0|First of all, let me say that I LOVE Roxy Music.  When I first heard &quot;Stranded&quot; back in the mid-seventies, it literally hit me from 'out of the blue', changing the direction of my musical taste from that point on.  From the first dissonant synthesizer notes of &quot;Street Life&quot;, through the guitar shriek of &quot;Amazona&quot;, all as backdrop to Brian Ferry's ambiguous croon, I suddenly realized there was much more out there in rock music than I had been hearing up until then.  I put aside my Grateful Dead, Zeppelin, and Jackson Browne albums, exploring Eno, Bowie, Gong, John Cale and Lou Reed, among others.  And later, as a twenty-something 'old man', I was open to and even ENTHUSED about the later punk bands descended from the Bowie-Eno-Roxy tribe and all their kin, allowing me the distinction of being one of the OLDEST slam dancers at many post-college parties and concerts.  I owe all that to my music-store friend who lent me that cherished import copy of Roxy Music's third album nearly thirty years ago (wow!). That being said, if ever there was a compilation album that cried out for double-disc status, this is it.  Not only are there many more terrific songs that should be favored, Roxy Music really inhabited two very different and distinct incarnations -- the first four studio albums (through &quot;Country Life&quot;) and the last three (&quot;Siren&quot;, the fifth, being the odd left-over released before their first dis-banding).  The first disc would document more fully albums 1-4, and the second would include clips off the live &quot;Viva Roxy Music&quot; release added to a more extensive sampling of &quot;Avalon&quot; especially.  If you have the dough, I recommend purchasing the compilation &quot;The Early Years&quot; (which does a pretty good job of covering albums one through three), add &quot;Country Life&quot;, &quot;Flesh &amp; Blood&quot;, &quot;Avalon&quot;, and maybe &quot;Manifesto&quot;, then burn your own double (or triple) disc compilation. A word about these re-mastered recordings .... the absolute BEST thing about this compilation, adding to the recent re-release of the entire Roxy Music catalog as re-mastered editions, is the improvement in sound quality over all prior offerings.  &quot;Flesh and Blood&quot; and &quot;Avalon&quot; were always among the best sounding albums I owned, both as original vinyl and later CDs, but these re-masterings have really enhanced ALL of Roxy's efforts.  Five stars for that!
B00004VVNB|4.0|I think that Logan's Run is definitely in the class of those 70's science fiction flicks which we can still enjoy today.  Even though the special effects are dated, they do not detract from the movie.  Michael York and Jenny Agutter portray their characters well.<br />When I was growing up I enjoyed this movie primarily for its story.  As an adult I can appreciate the movie's message at a deeper level.
0793518326|4.0|I bought a 'Hamburg' type Rickenbacker guitar last year. All what I still needed was a 'scores' book as I am not that talented guitar player. To my great surprise it was more complete than I thought as I found not only the rhythm guitar but also the lead guitar parts. I didn't rate it with a fifth star though, because early songs like 'My Bonny' and Harrison's 'Cry for a shadow' are missing.
6305910103|5.0|Star Trek II The Wrath of Kahn is the Star Trek Movie which began the tradition in which the even numbered movies are better than the odd numbered movies.  After a disappointing first entry, this second movie more than makes up for it.  Spock's death scene is one of the most memorable moments in the history of the franchise.
B00003CXS4|5.0|Snatch is definitely one of the coolest movies ive seen this year. And the DVD is packed full of great stuff that will keep you busy for hours. I gave it a five because its the only movie that ive watched 8 times straight and still didnt get tired of it.
B00005LB9O|4.0|There used to be a time when the Brits made all the heavy rock, while the Yanks turned out winsome, countryish pop-rock. Now all the heavy stuff comes from the States, while the U.K. is reduced to turning out the slow-fi, introspective rock typified by Mogwai, Radiohead and Coldplay. Obviously this is the result of Britain having changed from a chest-thumping industrial society to a wimpy service economy. Anyway, it means that it is now OK for British men -- and, in Travis' case, even Scotsmen -- to have feelings in song.<br />After trying to jump on the Britpop bandwagon in 1997 with their excellent debut album, &quot;Good Feeling,&quot; and missing, Travis decided to discard the rock swagger and just be themselves, which in singer/songwriter Fran Healy's case is a gentle, bittersweet, melodic genius with a common touch.<br />1999's &quot;The Man Who&quot; completely bypassed the music cognoscenti on its route to national ubiquity. &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; repeats the fresh, unaffected approach of its predecessor but with a stronger batch of fey, countryish, pop songs.<br />Creating clouds that are later dispersed by a gentle burst of sunshine appears to be the secret of Travis' success. Downbeat numbers like &quot;Dear Diary&quot; and &quot;Afterglow,&quot; with its beautifully haunting guitar figure, create the shadows that are then illuminated by tracks like &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; and &quot;Follow the Light.&quot;<br />The best songs include both moods. In &quot;Side,&quot; Healy sings, &quot;The grass is always greener on the other side/Your neighbor's got a new car that you want to drive/When your time is running out you want to stay alive.&quot; Hardly profound but, set against Andy Dunlop's crying guitar, it's stirring stuff.
0783225733|5.0|In April of 1970, flights to the moon seemed very ordinary, so no one was excited about the Apollo 13 launch, except for the astronauts and their families... Little signs of bad luck appeared here and there - the unlucky number 13, which was not only included in the spaceship's name but in some time points of their crucial events, an astronaut being bumped off the flight because he might have caught the measles, and the commander's wife losing her ring the morning before the launch. But nothing major, and definitely nothing scientific... Even their broadcast from space was not aired - not interesting enough, probably...<br />Up until a few minutes after the broadcast, that is - when a routine operation on the oxygen tanks caused a loud bang - and pretty soon not only the landing on the moon was cancelled, but also the landing back home seemed in geopardy. Thruogh the heroic efforts of the crew - both on the spaceship, but mainly in mission control - and many not-too-standard improvisations, the space shuttle landed on earth.<br />The quality of picture and sound were great, and the extra material is excellent, especially the commntary of the real Jim Lovell and his wife...<br />Even though not all of the little detail were exact - Jack Swaiggert was a very competent pilot who even wrote the emergency procedures for the CM, and the crew were only worried about his ability to work the ship while they were not on it but on the LEM. Also, an interesting fact I've read in Jim Lovell's book is that using the LEM as a lifeboat is an idea that they got on one of the practice flights they had before the actual lift off... But nevertheless, this is still is a great reproduction of one of the most succesful failures ever...
B000006YBO|5.0|From the opening wallop of &quot;Temptations Wings&quot; to the chugging riffs that close out &quot;Bury Me In Smoke,&quot; &quot;Nola&quot; packs a power that equals any other metal album I've ever heard.  The band doesn't guite go with the full-scale frontal assault that characterizes Pantera's work, instead opting for an album that is dark and brutal but more nuanced and abstract than one might expect from a Phil Anselmo-led band.  This album would rate high in my book even if only for the music, thanks to the thick, heavy riffs, huge solos, and crunching rhythm section.  The music on this album is not especially polished or complex, just driving and powerful.  Despite the outstanding music, Phil Anselmo steals the show with what I consider to be his finest moment vocally.  Singing, screaming, growling, whatever else you can think of is all here, and Phil does it better than anyone else.  Every line is overflowing with emotion, and you don't need to know the lyrics to realize this fact.  There is not a weak song on this album, or even a weak part of a song; this album is completely-filler free.  All through it's a stirring, brooding masterpiece.  If you're expecting Pantera Part 2 you may be disappointed at first, but if you want everything that makes Pantera great and more, &quot;Nola&quot; is the first place to look.
B00004RFFI|4.0|This is a great action movie for all the 'Speed', 'Die Hard', etc. movies out there, even though the 'bad guy' is not a person but a natural phenomena - tornados... There's also a love triangle, and many quirky characters of the different storm chasers... The special effects (tornados) are really great!<br />The only problem with this film are the scientific inaccuracies - no one can PREDICT a tornado, or know it's rating on the F - scale until it's over and the damage is made... Even though there was quite a lot of true details in the movie, this is still a major set back for me. This and the fact that all tornados ended conveniently a few seconds after passing over our heros was enough to deduct a star for me...
B00003CWTI|1.0|a quaint, but irritatingly sterile character study, this has to be the most overproduced, useless, plotless poop since american beauty.  think of a really, really long soap opera with two-dimensional characters and predictable, melodramatic &quot;twists&quot;. over two hours of film with about 13 minutes of content.  the star is for the score.
B00003CWL6|2.0|maybe - for a hallmark card or a pepsi commercial.  it's eyecandy for emotional ...; ....  people who like this movie are probably postmodernists, don't understand chess, and weep profusely with the slightest tinge of reality.  this isn't dramam and there are no characters but sick people.  it would only get one star, but it's better than magnolia.
B00003CXSM|4.0|and not just because it is about weddings.  Some of us DO think that the hype and expense of an extravagant wedding is just a thing of the past!<br />This is a harmless date movie, a great movie for a group of women getting together for the first time in a long time, and definitely exceeds expectations if you are searching for a movie for your pre-teen daughter.<br />I am impressed with JLo's business savvy - Julia Roberts she is not, but she diversifies her roles so well (The Cell vs The Wedding Planner?), and couples them with her recording career in a way that insures she remains in the forefront of the public eye and appeals to both women and men, and many demographic groups.  Here she's paired with Matthew McConaughey; who plays off better with &quot;goofy types&quot; like Sandra Bullock or Kate Hudson.  His chemistry with Jennifer is only slightly better than it was with Jodie Foster in &quot;Contact&quot;.  He's believable as a doctor, but I can't help but wish that Greg Kinnear or Tom Cavanagh (TV's &quot;Ed&quot;) would have been available to brighten the character and set off some sparks.  Jennifer's hair stylist made sure that she had such an ordinary style that it underplayed her beauty and her sensuality, helping her style fit the role of Mary.  Bridgette Wilson-Sampras, (yup, Pete's wife) is incredibly beautiful and believable as the smart, wealthy and wise Fran.  A breath of fresh air to have a privileged young woman played against type as a really great person instead of a spoiled brat! A trio of comedic talents, Kathy Najimy, Kevin Pollack and Fred Willard make you wish they were used more extensively in the film....a sure sign that too much ended up on the cutting room floor.  You'll also be drawn to seeing Charles Kimbrough  (&quot;Jim&quot; of Murphy Brown fame) in a cameo role.  He is a hoot, and I've missed him on the small screen.<br />Billed in its ads and its trailer as a slapstick comedy, WP, is really more of a formulaic happily ever after flick that keeps your interest, makes you smile, and makes sure you don't regret buying the DVD (although renting might be a better choice, if you do not have a teenage girl!)<br />Some excellent special features...The &quot;Dancer &amp; the Cowboy Featurette&quot; is entertaining, soundtrack is fitting, deleted scenes are worth a view.<br />I enjoyed myself watching this movie and congratulate Columbia on selecting a director (Adam Shankman) and a star that played it &quot;just right&quot;.ter flick that keeps your interest, makes you smile, and makes sure you don't regret buying the DVD (although renting might be a better choice, if you do not have a teenage girl!)<br />Some excellent special features...The &quot;Dancer &amp; the Cowboy Featurette&quot; is entertaining, soundtrack is fitting, deleted scenes are worth a view.<br />I enjoyed myself watching this movie and congratulate Columbia on selecting a director (Adam Shankman) and a star that played it &quot;just right&quot;.
0060194995|5.0|I had no idea this book was so wonderful. If you like to read (an amazing accomplishment in this culture) then this is a book that you will want to have in your library. Get-it!, love-it!, and give it to your friends!
B00000IPAX|4.0|Do you ever get tired of bands that spend more time telling you how good they are rather than showing you how good they are? You know, bands like Tool and Dream Theatre. Yeah, I get tired of them too. Their pretentiousness and unenlightened music combined with a condescending attitude of \\"If you don't LOVE us, you are a simple minded fool and our music works on so many levels that are simply beyond your feeble minded comprehension.\\" Do you get as sick of that as I do? Because I get pretty sick of it. I GET the music, it's not over my head The problem is that it's droll, boring and insipid. The answer to too much of that type of rubbish is Blink 182. A band that takes themselves as serious as they should. <br />Should I get into the argument, is this punk or not? I say it is. Why? Because punk has nothing to do with sound and everything to do with attitude. Blink 182 is pure punk with that attitude of theirs. They have the same irreverence and disrespect for authority and \\"the way things are done\\" as the Sex Pistols, just without the political angst. So yeah fenixmxpx, they're punk, even with that poppy sound. I guess I'm just not a big fan of stringent labeling of music in an effort to ensure that it fits nice and neat into a specific genre for marketing purposes. Right now Blink 182 is one of the best things that punk, or pop-punk if you just HAVE to be anal (maybe you should try some TOOL?) has going for it.<br />And now, onto the music. First off, Travis rocks. The loudest and most frequent complaint I keep hearing about Blink is this misconception that they can't play their instruments. Travis is an awesome drummer. Not just an awesome punk drummer, or an awesome pop-punk drummer. Travis is an awesome drummer. He rocks.<br />As for the songs, honestly, what can I say? Blink delivers just what they promise and when you cut right down to it, there really isn't much more you could ask for from a band. I don't think there are songs on here as good as \\"Dammit\\" from Dude Ranch, but there are still plenty of gems. \\"Adam's Song\\" really stands out as one of the best songs I've heard in years. The lyrics and music work extremely well together to set a mood of detachment, and it's almost creepy. The big singles, \\"What's My Age Again\\" and \\"All The Small Things\\" are great fun and not as easy to dismiss, lyrically, as some would like you to think. While they certainly aren't going to save the world (yeah, like Lennon's Imagine did...HA!.....) they aren't without meaning. Other songs on the CD that are really great, either for the strong rock music, or the wit and sense of humor displayed in the lyrics are \\"Dumpweed\\", \\"Going Away To College\\", and \\"Dysentery Gary\\". But I think the song that stands out as grossly under-appreciated on this album is \\"The Party Song\\". Sometimes a song just doesn't have to be `brilliant' to hit home for you and to make some real connection with you. Well, \\"The Party Song\\" does that for me, as absurd as that may sound. But the truth is some girls DO try too hard to impress with those things on their chest and the way that they dress and the things they suggest. Also, the song rocks.<br />It really is a great CD, and some people just love to hate bands that have any level success. Its what makes those people cool, at least in their feeble little minds.  Just because it goes Platinum, doesn't mean it's bad. Some people just can't bring themselves to like something (at least openly, I have no doubts that they are closet Blink fans) if they think that it makes them mainstream. They're trying so desperately hard to prove that they are underground or on the cutting edge, so they end up cheating themselves out of some really great stuff just because it's popular. But you gotta love a band like Blink 182. They do what they want to do, and if its popular and gets a good response, great. And if it doesn't, oh well. They'll still do what they want. Very cool band. Awesome drummer. Great CD.
038533348X|5.0|Vonnegut skewers science, religion, families, human foibles, ... and does it with such a pleasently twisted story.  The concept of Ice 9 is itself such an amazing absurdity. I read this book in college in 1968.  I've read it six more times since then. My teenage son and daughter have also read it.  It is now a family tradition.  I rate this book as my favorite piece of literature.  Don't pass this book by.
B000002ADT|5.0|New to jazz - this was recommended as top drawer must have. Certainly was! But everyone has said just about everything about this album already. True - so true.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is possibly the greatest cd I have ever heard.  At first, it is hard to understand, but you will get the point of the whole album.  Like others have said,  It is not as good in singles, but it is great as a whole.  With my personal favorite song being #11- reflection, I would buy it again if I needed to.
B000002ADT|5.0|New to jazz - this was recommended as top drawer must have. Certainly was! But everyone has said just about everything about this album already. True - so true.
6305265666|5.0|Ever After is one of the most beautiful movies ever filmed.  An update on the classic happpily-ever-after story, it does not contain deep insights or revelations, but it does present a romantic story lacking crudeness and most other things that are so abundant in the other movies made in the last few years.  Cinderella has undergone a makeover and has become Danielle du Barbarac, played wonderfully well by Drew Barrymore.  In the face of oppression, Danielle stands proudly, quoting Thomas Moore while her intellect and passion charm the prince (Dougary Scott) into falling in love with her.  It is a movie for all females, showing that men do not have to control things in order for them to succeed.  This is a most excellent movie, must see.  (Anna and the King, by the same director, is equally breathtaking and a bit more thought-provoking.)
B000002A3T|5.0|I am really surprised that apparent music lovers are subjecting this CD to a pi**ing contest. Roger Waters was a good musician and great lyricist. However, he was also this egotistical fool that wanted Pink Floyd to disband when he decided to quit! <br />From that perspective, I admire Gilmour for having stepped forward and continued the true PF tradition of creating original and inspiring music. This is a great CD where the band broke free from Waters' dictatorship and proved there was more to PF than Waters' interpretation of music. All music lovers like this music compilation for what it is. Its because of Waters junkies that Gilmour was not as successful as he deserved to be. <br />Open your mind and enjoy good tunes rather than be suckered by Roger Waters' tirade against the band because they dared to stick around after he burnt out. Keep in mind that a good musician always has their own stamp on their creation. Gilmour created his own distinctive style of music in this album and proved his versatility.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson, in his greatest role yet, perfectly embodies the noble William Wallace.  Braveheart is at once a war movie, a romance, a thematic journey, and an epic.  All actors give poignant, real performances, giving the brilliant script a life all its own.  Nothing else can be said, the movie speaks for itself.  Brilliant.
6305265666|5.0|This is an excellent movie about more than just being beautiful and therefore the man falls in love... the end!  This movie takes us much deeper into the personality and intelligence of  Danielle (Drew Berrymore's character).  She is not the prettiest girl.  She is just a girl who speaks her mind, who works hard and loves deeply!  I wish more movies were produced like this that can make you feel good, give a great moral lesson and be entertaining to the entire family.  I recommend this DVD to all my friends.  The DVD sound and picture is wonderful!!
6304806426|2.0|The score is amazing, the best part of the movie, which is overlong and cliched.  The last twenty minutes, which are wonderful, are the only reward given for sitting through three hours of mostly happily-ever-after trite.  The physical love between the main characters, shown through flashbacks, is overdone and becomes tiring and gratuitous.  It was rather shallow, and I certainly don't understand the academy awards bestowed upon it.
B00000269M|5.0|Michael can do no wrong.  This album is the pinnacle ,in my opinion, of Michael's recording career thus far.  The songs are perfect.  No other way around it.  They personify perfection.  He's the King for all the right reasons.  He can sing, write, DANCE, and video like NOONE else.  You can't help not aknowledging the artistry of a man who has influenced the fabric of popular music as it is known today.  He's the best, without a doubt.  And he's BAD fuh sho'!
B000002TWN|5.0|This cd is so completely different from his second cd Voodoo that it is amazing.  I really didn't like this when I first heard it because, in my mind, Voodoo is D's sound.  However, after listening a little longer, it's really growing on me now.  Plus, since it helped sparked the so-calles &quot;new-soul revival&quot;, it deserves a lot of credit as the classic work it has become.  That's why he gets five stars for this Brown Sugar, his first effort.
0441003257|4.0|Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett, both distinctive authors in their own rights, combine beautifully into one voice with a novel rich in characters, plot lines that cross delightfully, wry satire, and verbal play.  <br />They weave an antic fable about the apocalypse as the agents of Hell and Heaven on Earth, Crowley and Aziraphale, decide to sabotage the destruction of a world they have come to...well, they rather like the place, that's all.  Part of their operation is to find the antichrist child (and his little yipping hellhound) before the four motorcyclists of the apocalypse (along with some mortal tagalongs) find him.  <br />A lot of humor and joy is found in mediocrity.  There is a book of utterly accurate prophecies by a witch who, all those centuries ago, didn't quite understand what her visions of VCR's and current events actually meant.  There is a motley witch-hunter, and a hellhound embarrassed to manifest as a tiny, domesticated yapper.<br />As the story turns suspenseful, the narrative can get frustrating.  You don't want to miss one word of the exposition and character development - which often includes hilarious footnotes - and there is a feeling of being yanked out of the action as the chase is on and time begins to run out.
0767819462|4.0|This movie is about divorces. Ben and Anna play these two kids who's parents are divorced. Anna is determined to make her new stepmom, Isabelle, life miserable. I can't tell you anymore, it would ruin the movie, but yes, it does have a happy eding.. sort of.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I think this album is the best I've ever heard.  My Dad loves the Beatles and I do too.
0452282152|3.0|If you like the Vermeer's paintings (and who doesn't appreciate their surprising details?) then you will enjoy this story about the daughter of a tile painter reduced to being hired out as a maid to Vermeer and his family. The juxtaposition of Vermeer's trained and educated taste to Griet's natural ability to distinguish imagery is dynamic, as is Griet's education, both sentimental and artistic. In the Vermeer household the creative process occurs symbolically and physically above - Griet does the grinding of the colours in her attic room - while the life of the family, in evidence largely through their spying, manipulations and petty jealousies, occurs below. These family caricatures menace our heroine indiscriminately, in order to serve a plot that depends on maintaining secrecy, by acting as a family of spies that thwart her in the mission to stealthly help Vermeer in preparing his paints and scenes. With the exception of the maid, the characters in this book do not grow, change or discover each other and the lack of comprehension between the members of the household is tiring. The plot turns on the fact that Vermeer has painted the maid wearing his wife's pearl earrings. The question of how the maid managed to wear the pearl earrings for the painting becomes paramount. When assembled as a family, everyone is silent in front of Vermeer's distraught wife, even though the painter and his mother-in-law are culpable for convincing the maid to pose and wear the earrings. Some kind of confrontation between these related people would have been more evocative and less irritating. There are some grating anachonisms: it is absurd to hear Griet say to her boyfriend that at 18 or even 17 years of age she is too young to marry (in 17th century Holland where life expectancy must have been less than half of what it is today!). The community setting with its active and gossipy markets gives the story its drive but it never goes much further than that of a girl continually trapped and menaced from all sides such as in a fable.
0688156819|5.0|First, I'd like to say that I own a different edition of this book, covered with an old fabric, which add to the weirdness of the short stories. Anyway, if you liked '&quot;The Night before Christmas&quot;, this book is for you: very sad, and yet funny, the strange kids' tales will probably remind you the caracters of the motion picture. Not to forget the marvelous illustrations by Tim Burton himself !
0802130208|3.0|I finished this book with mixed emotions; it had me alternately laughing and annoyed. What makes this book brilliant is also its downfall: its nonstop (and sometimes tiresome) literary and cultural allusions. The protagonist's worldview is a mishmash of Roman philosophy, medieval literature, and a passionate contempt for the bourgeoisie. An unsuccessful hot dog vendor with an elite university education, Ignatius J. Reilly bumbles through New Orleans in a series of adventures and mishaps that put him squarely at odds with the authorities and mainstream society. The author asks a lot of the reader, however, by sharing Ignatius's every belch and moment of flatulence. If you are can get past the slow beginning, you'll probably enjoy the rest. It's a clever satire, and sometimes leaves you laughing out loud. Unlike anything else you'll read.
0783230710|5.0|&quot;Apollo 13&quot; is definetly one of the best films i have ever seen, the great and wonderful acting by Tom Hanks, Ed Harris and the rest of the actors, is very compelling, the film it's extremely exciting, and very well done, this film clearly demonstrates that real stories can have a better impact than fiction, the camerawork is a bit weird, or should i say the picture, i am preety sure they made it soft, to give that &quot;We are in the 1960's&quot; look, also the sound, the DTS version is definetly a must buy, everything sounds very crisp and clear, specially the &quot;Lift-off&quot; scene, i am preety sure that if you watch it with DTS, you are going to say the same that the son of Fred Haise says, &quot;Mom, that was loud&quot;, the DTS version is simply amazing,but it does not have everything that the Dolby Digital version has, i am preety sure it's because the DVD is not double-layer, but hey i got both the Dolby and DTS versions, it was a present from a friend, but i strongly recommend you the DTS version.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I bought this album only because it was in the sale bin and I like to take chances.  I didn't even know they had a new record.  Although I have all of the A-ha albums and like them there were always at least a few songs on each that were downright cheesy clunkers (except for the 1st record).  <br />Imagine my surprise then when on the third listen I realize the album is incredible.  &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;, &quot;To Let You Win&quot; and &quot; I wish I cared&quot; are easily some of the best tunes they've ever recorded.  The rest of the album is also very good and consistently strong, a feat they hadn't pulled off since the first record.  I forced back my amazement and found myself speeding down the interstate and singing like crazy.  I highly recommend this.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've heard his songs on the radio for 20 years, but never bought an album until this one.  There are many &quot;guest&quot; appearances by other artists, so each song is very different, reflecting that artist's talent combined with Santana's guitar work.  Mellow yet rocking at the same time.  Long tracks, great to listen to in the car, very satisfying.  I'll probably check out earlier Santana releases now that I've gotten my feet wet with this one.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Exciter. The title may connote you to think this is a fast and danceful album like &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; or &quot;Violator&quot; by Depeche, but instead is one of their slowest albums most resembling Ultra. That is good. While the lyrics are weak and stupid sometimes, the actual production of the songs is great. They are delivered in such an original and unique form that it amazes you. For example, &quot;Dream On&quot;, Gahan's voice is remarkably perfect and the rhythm is just incredibly beautiful. Dave Gahan's voice is incredibly strong and yet beautiful and artistic on this album. <br />Other incredible songs on this album are &quot;Freelove&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;. &quot;Freelove&quot; is a calm yet incredible song. Dave's singing is perfect and it is such a remarkable addition to Exciter. <br />Another of everyone's favorites on the album is of course, &quot;I Feel loved&quot;. This fast and very 80's song has a great tune and Martin Gore's vocals on this one add an incredible touch to Dave's lead. It's a perfect blend of voices and the song is pulsating and ADDICTIVE.<br />But with all these beauty and perfection, there are those songs which I thought DM would never bring. For example, &quot;Comatose&quot;. Ughhh what a terrible song. I have listened to it hundreds of times trying to understand it. The tune of the song is impossible to sing. It is incredibly annoying and it makes me want to skip it. Also, the lyrics for the &quot;Dead of Night&quot; make me want to cringe. Hello! DM is better than this. They just took a few steps back with this one on their usual perfection at lyrics. <br />But do not underestimate the 4 stars. It is a Depeche Mode album which means it has depth and something that no other artist can give. It is a unique beautiful representation of music. Hardcore DM fan (like me) or not,  enjoy exciter.
B00003CXE7|1.0|worst movie ever. why you may ask well lets think. first it had no historical content. if you can point out where a gladiator kills an emperor and make rome a republic i will give you a million dollars. second the acting was horible. none of the actors showed any of the characters emotions except for comodus. and third the effects were worse than the old godzilla movies(which werent that bad). i could make a better coloseum out of clay. well there ya go. gladiator is the worst movie in existance.
0790729350|5.0|This was a really terrific film.  I wish they could've made a series of films like this to capture the entire festival, but this comes as close as we've got I guess.  As it was, I felt transported and when it was over, I was sad to leave it.  Really glad I got the director's cut!  This is a great historical document that captures not only the music (though I wish there were more), but the climate (political and natural) surrounding the festival as well.  Whether you were there or wish you could have been, this is a great trip!
0792839749|5.0|This edition is fantastic - the digitally mastered VHS is much better than the previous versions.  &quot;Chitty Chitty Bang Bang&quot; is a must to anyone's collection of movies regardless of gender or age.  The cinematography is fantastic and the charactors are delighful and of course, you will find yourself happily singing along.  Great gift.
B000002ORU|5.0|One of my favorite things about listening to Who albums is the feeling of completeness I get when the album is finished.  It's very much like watching a good play or movie.  On the best albums nothing is out of place or extraneous.  I feel as though I have been taken on a journey.<br />I love this box set.  Although it does not tell the same story as individual albums, it takes you along on a wild and wonderful ride.  I particularly enjoyed the tracks I had never heard before.  The companion booklet was terrific as well.<br />I enjoyed this compilation substantially more than The Beatles One.<br />The set has more than enough interesting information and tracks to keep the die-hard Who fans happy and enough of the radio hits to satisfy more casual listeners.<br />Definitely a keeper!
0792839749|5.0|No matter what age or gender, &quot;Chitty Chitty Bang Bang&quot; is a movie that will delight the viewer.  It is not just a movie for females - Dick Van Dyke puts on a steller performance.  On DVD you have the option of having the words to the songs come up and sing along - makes a great evening.
B00005K9QP|4.0|No blues or rock fan can quibble that \\"Bluesbreakers\\" is one of the finest white blues recordings in history, due solely to the stunning appearance of a young Eric Clapton.  A scan of the reviews of this album - and all its other previous releases - all agree, this CD shows the emergence of a superstar, and is essential in anyone's collection.<br />Why this edition loses a &#8220;*&#8221; for me, is that it&#8217;s a rather lackluster re-issue of a fine album that never really sounded that bad in the first place &#8211; and that previous re-issues (the European Polydor of a few years back and the MFSL gold disc) actually sound better.  Further, the &#8220;2 extra tracks&#8221; are old news; they&#8217;ve been included in literally dozens of British blues compilations over the years, are rather primitive sounding, and add nothing to this particular package &#8211; in fact they detract from the power of the original album.<br />So&#8230;if you have this album in your collection already, you can keep your money in your pocket.  ...This wasn&#8217;t a sonic masterpiece in its day, re-mastering does little for this, so this third CD issue is only valuable for newer fans with a few extra bucks in their pockets.
B00005B4GD|5.0|They have done it again!  I really liked this cd!  To me they are like a fine wine, they get better with age!  I hope they  continue to put out execellent cd's like this one!  Some say the Bee Gees are a thing of the past, I think they should hear the future!
B00005LMBK|5.0|This album was fantastic.  An amazing mixture of styles and compositions reminiscant of such artists as Portisead, De La Soul, Massive Attack, Blur (obviously), Propellar Heads, and many more.  I was quite impressed at how well the group combined sounds and stylings of such diverse kinds of music.  Whether you like hip-hop, pop, techno, funk or rock, this album will quench your thirst for straight up good music.
B00003CXN4|1.0|No plot, too many undeveloped characters with inexplicable behavior.  The straight A, upper middle class daughter with everything going for her starts doing hard drugs for no apparent reason.  The six month pregnant, soccer mom (Zeta-Jones) who knows nothing about her husband's drug trafficking activities, suddenly becomes a drug king pin and a &quot;killa&quot; after her husband gets arrested!  Huh?  This movie qualifies as a two hour Public Service Announcement against drugs, nothing more.   Four Oscars fully undeserved.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I love the Moulin Rouge soundtrack...  Especially the songs sung by Ewan and Nicole - wonderful voices for non-recording artists.  Nicole did a wonderful reprise of Marilyn Monroe's Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend, while James Broadbent did a funny Like a Virgin.  Funny, saddening, romantic...  Moulin Rouge rocks.
0399146253|2.0|I'm sure my rating will be far below the majority who have read this book.  However, my main reason for rating it so low is strictly for language.  As with all of Patricia Cornwell's previous books - I've read them all - I have been taken into a world of intrigue, mystery and downright good writing!!!  ALL of the books were VERY hard to put down!!! BUT. . .I noticed with the previous book that certain language has begun to creep into her books.  This last book in particular is so full of the &quot;F&quot; word that I actually put it down and did not pick it up for two months.  I am NOT a prude, however I also do not wish to willingly subject myself to characters who have lowered their standards of speech equal to that of what one would find used by the worst of uneducated street thugs.  I find it incomprehensible to have a character who apparently lacks for nothing and will settle for nothing less that better than the best in everything she wears, eats, drives. . .well, you get the picture. . .and yet has a mouth that competes with the worst (not to mention every other main character to boot.)!  I am extremely disappointed in this.  I have enjoyed every book she has written but if this is any indication of the direction any future books are going, I guess &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; will be my &quot;Last Patricia Cornwell&quot; book.  THAT will make me very sad!
B00003CXSM|5.0|THE WEDDING PLANNER was a funny -- the cute funny -- movie that works well.  Everything was funny, and the deleted scenes would have been fine if left in.  Everything was perfect: beautiful scenes, humor, and romance.  Everthing but the credits, where they played J. Lo's &quot;Love Don't Cost a Thing.&quot;
B00003CY5H|5.0|Robert De Niro is without a doubt the greatest actor in the world. He makes the movie as thrilling as the movie Heat. I highly recommend that YOU watch The Score.
B0000027I6|5.0|If you like Pink Floyd's intelligent and critic lyrics accompanied by great armonical Rock. This one's a must. Without a doubt, the best album from Roger Waters in his solo carrer.
B0000508U6|5.0|I heard &quot;Yellow&quot; on the radio and I loved it. I am a big U2 fan and some of the guitar sounds have an &quot;Edge&quot; quality to them. The vocals are wonderful. He is able to hit high notes so smoothly, the way Neil Young can. My only complaint is that there were no liner notes in the album. Smooth and easy listening but it's rock and roll.
B000002LIX|5.0|Well, what can I say. When I read people's reviews who consider &quot;Three days&quot; boring, I wonder what do they understand for fun. But it's ok, fortunately, Jane's Addiction -as music itself- is something to personal and not everybody will feel the same with the same song or band. In my case, I think Three days alone would justify the purchase of Ritual, since I consider it one of the best songs I've heard in my life. But you also have Jane's well known demolishing energy and outstanding use of dynamics in such cuts as Stop!, No one's leaving or Ain't no right. Or such delicate and haunting songs as Classic girl. And well, if you want fun, you've still got Been caught stealing. Anyway, I can't refer to Ritual as Jane's best: you need Nothing's shocking too, to fully enjoy one of rock and roll's greatest bands.
0425180638|1.0|Having read all of Cornwell's Kate novels, I started this one with the same enthusiasm, only to be disappointed. I just can't &quot;get into it&quot;.  So far it has lacked the appeal of her previous books. Who knows, maybe I'll get it another try, someday.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Lots of people, I've noticed, say that this CD is horrible.  I admit that I think Ixnay on the Hombre was better, but this is not far behind.  Most of the songs are interesting, and 'The Kids Aren't All Right' is probably the best song.  I didn't care that much for 'Pay the Man' and 'Feelings' but that doesn't mean they're bad songs, that's just my opinion.  The tracks are a little different from Ixnay, but still good.  It's worth buying if you like the other Offspring CD's.
0553106635|5.0|These books are by far the best fantasy series i've ever read. I agree with some other readers who love the realistic nature of these books. I can't get enough of them. I love all the characters, good and bad. Mr. Martin is great at characterization because the characters aren't always perfect and they do the unexpected, which i love. My favorite characters are Jon, Arya, Tyrion, and even Sandor Clegane.      People are always telling me &quot;Tolkien is the best&quot; and i agreee tha he is important to the genre, i just don't agree that he is the best. I thought those books were relatively boring and everything was always unexplained. I sure didn't love the characters in the Lord of Rings either. I love them all in these books. And these books are very exciting.      I also love the lack of magic in these books. It shows how good of a story it is when it can be exciting and interesting without a lot of hocus pocus, where the characters face real hardships like the cold, and hunger. No one can just snap there fingers and start a fire in this story. No one can go trough a magical portal to a place a thousand miles away, they have to walk or ride horses. In this story, it's sword against sword and brains against brains. Man versus himself, nature, man, it's all here. one word describes these books. Amazing. Do yourself a favor and buy these books. I assure you, you definately won't regret it.
B000002MP2|3.0|This is the first (and only, so far) Green Day CD I have purchased, and I found that it was not bad, but some of the songs were kind of annoying, like Basket Case.  i didn't care much for that one, but other songs, especially 'Welcome to Paradise', and 'Pulling Teeth' were really neat tunes.  I'm not a hardcore Green Day fan so I can't compare it to other Green Day CD's but I thought it was worth buying.  It's not that expensive, so if you're thinking about it, go ahead.
630018160X|4.0|If you haven't seen the 1969 movie, &quot;Sweet Charity,&quot; it's worth taking a look. It's one of those over-the-top musicals so  popular in the late 1960s, but beneath the stagey-ness and multiple musical numbers, there's a solid story with real heart.<br />Shirley Maclaine plays Charity Hope Valentine, the classic &quot;whore with a heart of gold.&quot; Charity has worked for eight years  as a &quot;taxi dancer&quot; in New York City. She has no skills and not even a high school education but she has great dreams of love.  Many of the scenes felt very real to me, like when she decides she doesn't want to be a taxi dancer any more and goes to a  job agency only to finally fully realize that she's not qualified for a &quot;nice job,&quot; as she puts it. <br />Charity gets stuck on an elevator with Oscar, a painfully shy insurance actuary. After a tender and comic scene where Charity  helps him deal with his claustrophobia, Oscar asks her out to dinner. Charity is convinced that this guy is going to be a  jerk but time and time again he surprises her with his gentleness, shyness and kindness.<br />The only problem is that Oscar doesn't know what she does for a living. In fact, she's lied to him. The girls at work tell  her to keep her mouth shut. They even tell her not to get her hopes up. &quot;What's so bad about this job?&quot; one of them asks. <br />The best thing to me about this movie is that, by the end of the movie, Charity's character has grown from her experiences.  Her journey is often painful but she never loses hope. I found her story very inspiring.<br />If you like musicals, you'll love this one -- the choreography is wonderful and many of the songs are catchy, including the  famous &quot;Big Spender&quot; and &quot;If They Could See Me Now.&quot; As a bonus, there's even a scene with the psychedelic church &quot;Rhythm of  Life&quot; featuring a decked-out Sammy Davis Jr. as the preacher, &quot;Big Daddy.&quot; <br />Other classic &quot;whore with the heart of gold&quot; romance films I reccomend include &quot;The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas&quot; and &quot;The  Owl and the Pussycat.&quot;
B000002BPS|5.0|This CD is not boring at all.  All the songs are catchy, especially 'I choose.'  'All I Want' is also a great track, and 'Meaning of Life' is one of the better tracks.  'Way down the line' is also a good song, the equivalent of 'The Kids aren't all right' on Americana. (Who wants to grow up to be like their parents?)  If you thought the tunes on Americana were catchy, you'll love Ixnay on the Hombre.
B00003CXR0|2.0|There is nothing wrong with sweet movies.  I love sweet movies.  I love sweet, charming, affectionate movies that observe human nature through humorous and insightful lenses.  I saw just such a movie last year.  It was called \\"Almost Famous.\\"<br />If you haven't seen that particular title yet, you may have to after watching \\"Chocolat;\\" I can't think of a more appropriate way to wash out that synthetic aftertaste.  Movies like \\"Chocolat\\" aren't written or directed--they're engineered.<br />Perhaps the finest chocolate requires an exact recipe, but provocative and entertaining cinema doesn't.  Just the opposite, really--great filmmaking resists formula.  But this inconsequential fluff piece, which imagines an insular French community where the transforming power of chocolate is enough to provoke life-changing epiphanies, is so blandly predictable, so precisely calculated to make you feel warm and fuzzy, that you almost wish--no, beg--for something unexpected and off-the-wall to happen.<br />What makes \\"Chocolat\\" so easily digestible--and what led the Academy to idiotically award the film five undeserved Oscar nominations, aside from Miramax's relentlessly tacky advertising campaign--is the undeniable skill and craftsmanship in front of and behind the camera.  When you've got a director as respected as Lass Hallstrom and A-list talent like Juliette Binoche and Judi Dench, you can be sure it's all going to go down smoothly.  Gorgeous cinematography and sumptuous shots of melting chocolate certainly don't hurt.<br />But when these ingredients are at the disposal of a script that relies so frustratingly on age-old conventions, a script that obliviously trots out the most pedestrian characters--and from the self-righteous mayor and the battered wife to the innocent boy with the domineering mother, they're all here--you have to wonder what the point of assembling all this talent is.  Binoche does absolutely nothing in this film to warrant her best actress nomination--nothing, perhaps, except to remind you that a long time ago she actually took on challenging roles.  Ditto Dench, who is such a towering performer that she shouldn't even be looking down her nose at a film like this.<br />The fact that \\"Chocolat\\" paid off so handsomely for Miramax is disheartening indeed--not only because it cheated far superior movies of their just desserts, but because of the unavoidable suggestion that this film actually says something important.  It doesn't.  What it does, in fact, is indulge a message of staggering phoniness and simplicity.  \\"Tolerance\\" is the operative word in \\"Chocolat's\\" artificial little fairy-tale universe--embrace everyone and everything, toss out the narrow-minded regulations and principles that once held you captive, and oh, have a Belgian creme while you're at it because chocolate is the key to unlocking the deepest mysteries of human nature.  It's movies like this that give art-house pretension a bad name.
0451160916|5.0|I saw the movie before reading the book, and I was really impressed with it.  I'd heard the movie wasn't like the book, and in a few ways it isn't, especially the ending, but after reading the book, I like it just as much as the movie.  I think both are worth purchasing (or reading/watching).  The book was intriguing and I could not put it down after I started reading it.  Very good book, BUY IT.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This was a wonderful collection of many of the songs that I grew up with and wistfully placed on a higher plane of music than a lot of the tripe released today<br />I realize it was an authorized collection of Number One hits, but this collection didn't always explore the depths and reach of the Beatles material.<br />Somehwere out there the has to be a collection of the songs that actually made many differences in my life (granted, that doesn;t mean that most people would have the same personal &quot;hit list&quot;.<br />All in all, this was a wonderful collection, and I would purchase it again (It might turn out to be a great tool for informing my 17 year old daughter about the group that actually opened rock and roll to broader dimensions--without me just jabbering to her about it).<br />On a scale of 1-10, I would give it an 8.5
6304711875|2.0|I really don't see why everyone thinks this film is so great.I hate it because it's plot has been done hundreds of times.I am a huge fan of Wes Craven but I think this movie just stunk.Later.
630575067X|4.0|Episode I - The Phantom Menace is an extremely entertaining movie that was always in danger of drowning after the success of the original saga.  We go back to a land far, far away... that is set before Star Wars - A New Hope (Episode IV),where the evil Darth Vader is a child in the form of Annakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd) and it is at this point, that the youngster's destiny begins... enter Qui-Gon Jin, (Liam Neeson) a wise but slightly rebellious Jedi and his younger charge, Obi-Wan (Ewan McGregor) who free the young boy from eternal slavery on the desert planet of Tatooine. The scene is set for a truly exciting and thrilling saga that merits praise here. It's not the same as the original but that is good as this gives the franchise a newer and fresher angle. The performances are uniformly good, Liam Neeson is very good as is Ewan McGregor and Jake Lloyd. Jar Jar Binks (Ahmed Best) does wrankle slightly but the kids love him. Just sit back and enjoy it, Darth Maul (Ray Park) is the coolest screen villain since the child catcher in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang!<br />Roll on the release of the DVD version and can't wait for Episode II - SEAN PRICE-GOOD REVIEW!<br />SEE IT TODAY!!
6304711875|2.0|I really don't see why everyone thinks this film is so great.I hate it because it's plot has been done hundreds of times.I am a huge fan of Wes Craven but I think this movie just stunk.Later.
052594527X|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the book, and will share it with my friends. I will also see what other books by Tracy Chevalier are available.  Yes, it was a fairly quick read (I'm not as fast as some of the other reviewers... it took me a few days to get through it) but I came to like the characters in the book, and I was quite fascinated by the story that Ms. Chevaliers pulled from the vermeer painting! We should all be so imaginative!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|What a film has to be one of the funniest films i have ever seen.From start to finish it just makes you laugh.I don't how this film has been critisced in my view its the best film of the year Brilliant stuff
0060392886|5.0|Really, I'm not a Motley Crue fan.  I could name about 3 of their songs before I read this book.  But I heard someone say it was great so I bought it and I couldn't stop reading it!  If you grew up in the 80s and want to know what the last of the huge rock stars were doing back then, this is the perfect book.  You learn to really love these guys as the veneer is rubbed off on their glamorous and fascinating public lives to reveal there are four pretty cool, warm-hearted guys in this band.  I was reading it on the airplane and my wife was reading it over my shoulder.  As soon as I finished it, she read it too.  A great, fun, thoughtful read.
B000001A3H|5.0|I can only describe this album as a musical masterpiece with  songs so diverse and well crafted that you will find your yourself grinning.  The members of the band, at certain points in the songs just start to jam (check out the end of 50 million year trip).  Of course this is stoner rock or whatever your wanna call it and yet it's more than that.  In a way this album goes as far defining the so called sound of fuzz rock and at the same time change directions, for example capsized the short guitar prelude to allens's wrench simply amazing.  You should buy this albim not knowing what to expect because Kyuss has a sound of they're own.
B0000027RL|5.0|an amazing album, one of the original - if not the *first* true - &quot;grunge&quot; bands out of Seattle ... every track on the album is heartbreakingly beautiful
B000003BF4|5.0|Normally I'm not a huge fan of live records, but Stones fans MUST own this one to go with the holy trinity of Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, and Exile.  It is as essential as any of these records to any Stones collection.
B000003N7G|5.0|This album title often surfaces in conversations about music, and some who don't listen to a lot of jazz are likely to hear unreserved superlatives when it is described.  If those people go out and buy this, they're not likely to be over impressed on one listen.  These are not easy sounds to listen to, much less enjoy, if your tastes have been bred on a diet of Kenny G or Michael Brecker.  <br />But give it a chance.  This CD isn't just a recording of a man playing saxophone in front of a small combo; this is a jazz giant reaching an epiphany in his effort to express through music the raw essence of his love for God.  <br />I don't pretend to know a lot about the technical aspects of Coltrane's gift for playing the saxophone, but that's unnecessary to enjoy this.  This is human expression in its purest, most unaffected form.  Sit back in a comfortable chair and let this wash over you a few times.  Listen to it, not as background music, but as if someone were speaking intimately to you on an important subject.  <br />I'm certain that some may still not be able to bridge the aural gap between radio-friendly pabulum and this undistilled product, but I'm equally certain that others will prize this recording as the jazz jewel in their CD collection.
0525945636|2.0|I came to this book excited about the amnesia aspect (I study memory professionally), but was disappointed. I found this book to be too predictable, not in its plot details but in the overall design. Good guy finds just what he needs just when he needs it, is befriended by all the right people, discovers the truth just in the nick of time, etc. More disturbing was the way Follett played fast and loose with facts. There is not now, and certainly was not then, a reliable way to induce total autobiographical amnesia in one treatment over a few hours. Want something more clear-cut? Several times he refers to people &quot;xeroxing&quot; things, but Xerox (then called Haloid Xerox) introduced the first plain-paper, dry-ink xerographic copier in 1959 -- but this book is set in 1958. Surely Follett is old enough to remember mimeographing things all the way into the 60s and 70s, and if he doesn't an editor should have. This shows a disregard for accuracy and, by extension, a lack of respect for the reader, which definitely destroys my respect for the book.
B000021XR5|3.0|In between the time Stone Temple Pilots released Tiny Music in 1996 and No. 4 in 1999, lead singer Scott Weiland spent more time in and out of jail and drug rehab than on stage.  STP appeared to be in danger as the three other members branched off in another band called Talk Show and Mr. Weiland released a solo album.  But against all odds, the band returned with No. 4 that is a solid, but not great album.  The time off created some rust, but there is enough good music included to make it worth the while.  &quot;Down&quot; is a crunching rocker in the classic STP style while &quot;Atlanta&quot; has a mystical, swirling sound.  But the real attraction here is &quot;Sour Girl&quot; which is the best song the band has ever recorded.  The song has a quiet, mellow rhythm and Mr. Weiland provides the most textured and commanding vocal of his career.  No. 4 showed the band still had their chops and were not doomed to be a casualty of the rock 'n' roll drug wars.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Why was 'Requiem for a Dream' the best movie of last year ?  The cast is definitely one of the reasons.  Marlon Wayans, while not a tear jerking dramatic performance he showcases a side not often scene in films like 'Scary Movie' which he is better known for.  Jennifer Connelly and Jared Leto have incredible chemistry as the central couple who create several unforgettable moments.  Sean Guilette (star of Aronofsky's 'Pi') creates an incredibly evil character in only a few minutes on the screen.  Last but surely not least Ellen Burstyn's role as Sarah Goldfarb.  If ANY ROLE has ever deserved an Oscar that is it.  The scene when she's telling her son about her lonely life and she's in between smiles and tears is one of the most powerful moments I've ever seen on screen.  The second ingredient is the script written by Aronofsky and literary great Hubert Selby JR.  Narratively the film never stumbles or comes close to letting the viewer down.  The third thing that makes this film rise so high above the endless sea of cinema is Aronofsky's unforgettable visual style.  His patented &quot;hip-hop montages&quot; give the film a fast, edgy contemporary feel.  Also anyone who could breath new life into split screen is a god in my books.  The time lapse shots, the subtle use of cgi, the fish eye, and that indelible montage scene at the end.  Aronofsky  seems to have an appreciation for every aspect of film making (script, cast, score, sound, editing, mise-en-scne, etc.) that few other directors have.  It's this very reason that Requiem for a Dream is so damn good.
B000002IZ4|5.0|After the tremendous success of Core, Stone Temple Pilots returned with their follow-up, Purple, in 1994.  There is no sophomore slump evident here, in fact, it is the finest album of their career.  STP has the great ability to play loud and heavy guitar rock, but throw in catchy hooks that grab you.  &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; is a great example of a driving guitar based songs that is immediately accessible and monstrously catchy.  &quot;Meat Plow&quot; opens the album with a thunderous bang and then slides into the superb &quot;Vasoline&quot; that has a hypnotic guitar riff.  &quot;Big Empty&quot; was featured in the film The Crow and its dark and moody sound fits the theme of the film.  The song has a loping guitar and sleepy sound and is a great song.  The best song on the album is &quot;Pretty Penny&quot; a slow, but driving acoustic song that shows off the fact the band has some depth and doesn't always have to turn the volume up to eleven.  Purple debuted at number one and is still the band's only chart topper.
6304493681|5.0|The world of anime is very hit or miss.  Japanimation is either amazing or terrible.  'Ghost in the Shell' would be filed under the category of amazing.  It succeeds in every area:  narratively, musically and visually.  The soundtrack is one of the most engaging, magical, original, beautiful things I've ever heard.  It's so good I bought the soundtrack.  Visually, I would use the same adjectives that I used for the soundtrack.  Simply put it looks REALLY, REALLY good.  In fact I'd say this is probably the best looking piece of animation I've ever seen.  No corners are cut in this film in terms of the research and imagination that went into this film.  The weapons are very cool, the action scenes are extremely well thought out, all of the computers/buildings/vehicles are very slick and the scenes in the rain at the end of the film are incredible.  One area where this film completely blew my mind was the script.  Not only is the 'plot' extremely complex and interesting but there is also an extremely well thought out discussion of artificial intelligence.  This film is surprising cerebral, especially for a genre normally associated with little school girl superheroes.  This film is a great way to spend 115 minutes of your life.
B00000063U|5.0|Richard Thompson had left the seminal British folk group Fairport Convention in 1970 and had foundered around for a couple of years when he was introduced to Linda Peters by Fairport's vocalist Sandy Denny. Sparks flew between the two and they were married.  The coupling spurred Mr. Thompson into the studio to create his stirring debut.  Originally released in 1974, the album never caught on in the US and wasn't released until 1976.  The album showcases his understated grace as a guitarist. Adept at flicking off lines on the electric guitar, his real genius flows from the acoustic guitar.  The title track is an amazing piece of music, with Ms. Thompson assuming the pose of a street walker. The song is foreboding and yet uplifting at the same time.  &quot;Down Where The Drunkards Roll&quot; is a folky triumph that is full of Celtic doom.  I Want To See The Bright Lights was and never has been a commercial success, but f you are looking for something new and different, give it a listen.
B00005BJPO|5.0|Why is this movie so good...... because it's Akira.  Sure it's a poor substitute for the extremely long comic book (I think there are 50+ comics condensced into a film) but who cares.  This was the first *BIG* Japanimation film.  It gained such recognition for good reason.... because it's entertaining and looks damn good.  Despite being over a decade old I'd say this is still one of the top movies of the genre (although 'Ghost in the Shell' is pretty sweet).
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Im not a  big fan of punk rock but this is different, its not really punk..kinda..but not really. O well...it doesn't really matter about the classification anyway as long as it's a good band, and this band is definately good and talented. I love the guitar playing on this CD, its not all based on theory and stuff, they kinda just go with what sounds good, i love that style of playing, and ATDI perfects it. The singers voice is also very original (only very..very..vaugly Zach's from Rage at times). I love all the songs on this album, they all have their own style and its not all the same sounding songs throught the album. I can listen to the whole album all the way through, and not get tired of it. I love the song with Iggy Pop, &quot;Rolodex Propoganda&quot;. If the only song you have heard by ATDI is &quot;One Armed Scissor&quot; you should check all of their songs out, you wont be dissapointed, especially of u like that song because all of the other songs on this disc can equal up to it.... &quot;Invalid Litter Dpt.&quot; is a perfect example.  I have heard that the older ATDI albums are even better, if so they must be great, i plan on checking them out. Rock or Punk fans should check this band out, u should like them.
B00004RFCM|4.0|The reason I got the first season was because I started watching the third season on HBO and I was completely hooked.  All the clothes and the fashion drove me insane.  So here you can see where it all began.  The first episode is very rough looking Carrie does not dress the way she does now but I really recommend it if you want to see where it all began and continue all in one sitting, thats what I did.  Like the say around my way &quot;it is truly of the hook&quot;
B00005B36H|5.0|Ok..so its not as good as Aenima or Undertow but i mean this album is still amazing..... I doubt Tool can ever top those albums. But anyway, this album is still awesome, The Grudge starts off the listenting journey, and its an amazing song..it goes on to other great songs like The Patient, Schism, Parobla, Ticks And Leeches, Lateralis, and Reflection....though just to warn you if dont have a good attention span...this Tool album, and most (except maybe Opiate) of the earlier ones arent for you. The &quot;songs&quot; with no lyrics I think fit very well into the album, they help the songs flow easily, if you listen to the album in order without stoppeng you will know what I mean, though alot of people dont agree me it seems...Triad has some great guitar parts also. Anyway.. all in all Lateralus does not dissapoint the hardcore Tool fan, but for the border line fans it could, but it does not dissipoint me at all. Though Aenima and Undertow are a little better (the lyrics are a little cooler) Lateralus is right up there with them.
0385334206|4.0|Many times one reads a book for an intricate plot and brilliant character development.  Breakfast of Champions does not quite live up to these conditions, but it is the amazing wit and poignancy of Vonnegut which really makes this book a must read.  Whether it is about racial prejudice, economic lust, the problems with American society, or simply the stupidity and ridiculousness of the average person's life, Vonnegut has something to say.  As an American who knows what it is like to live in a society that is overwhelmed by ignorance and greed, I advise those who have not realized the true state of the country to read this book and to contemplate their previous beliefs.  Social satire is utilized at its best in this worthwhile book which I recommend wholeheartedly.
B00005B36H|5.0|Ok..so its not as good as Aenima or Undertow but i mean this album is still amazing..... I doubt Tool can ever top those albums. But anyway, this album is still awesome, The Grudge starts off the listenting journey, and its an amazing song..it goes on to other great songs like The Patient, Schism, Parobla, Ticks And Leeches, Lateralis, and Reflection....though just to warn you if dont have a good attention span...this Tool album, and most (except maybe Opiate) of the earlier ones arent for you. The &quot;songs&quot; with no lyrics I think fit very well into the album, they help the songs flow easily, if you listen to the album in order without stoppeng you will know what I mean, though alot of people dont agree me it seems...Triad has some great guitar parts also. Anyway.. all in all Lateralus does not dissapoint the hardcore Tool fan, but for the border line fans it could, but it does not dissipoint me at all. Though Aenima and Undertow are a little better (the lyrics are a little cooler) Lateralus is right up there with them.
0385335482|5.0|Absolutely brilliant!  A must-read you will not be able to put down!  The heroine, Rebecca Bloomwood is an every-woman....we've ALL been there and done that. Her trials and tribulations will have you in stitches, but will remind you uncannily of things you might have done or said in the past.  An excellent read which I highly recommend!  Enjoy!
B0000027RL|5.0|This album isn't anything short of a classic masterpiece. Eddie's lyrics..like an earlier reviewer said, are superb and tell a story without being to outright. This album can be run through many times and not be grown tired of. I like alot of harder bands than Pearl Jam, but I also love bands that have a lead singer that can really sing, like Eddie or Maynard...But anyway..from the opening song &quot;Once&quot;...to &quot;Realease&quot; the album is amazing the whole way through. Also, the guitarists for Pearl Jam are awesome, I've been playing guitar for about a year or so, and I have this tab book, and I can get a few riffs but not alot....maybe with practice. To me the riffs are creative and aren't repitive, which keeps this disc interesting. This album has been around since 1991 and is still considered a classic, and is still widely listened to. It just goes to show that this album is amazingly good. Anyone that has not heard this CD is missing out. I doubt Pearl Jam will ever top this album.
6305127697|5.0|A. Hitchcock style - Ed Norton stole the movie. Suspense that keeps you hooked.  Will tell no more as I would not want to give away anything for someone  who has not seen!
B00005A3KS|5.0|Of the thousands of movies that I have seen, this is in my top 20.  Reeves is about the same as he is in other movies, which is fine by me (some people abhor his &quot;lack of acting skills&quot;).  It is the story that I am interested in and none of the actors detract from it (which says something positive about the actors).<br />The transfer is of good quality.  With a fair amount of action, there were no apparent compression issues.
6305648522|5.0|From the start, the movie grabs your attention and emotion and would not let go. Don't mind about the subtitles (which I suggest you watch with the original Italian audio), you will soon forget that you are reading it. This is one rare movie that you will not forget after watching it. You know you got a 5 star movie when you still remember it even after 10 years back (in my case). Go for it! Bravo! Cinema Paradiso!
B00005A3KS|5.0|Of the thousands of movies that I have seen, this is in my top 20.  Reeves is about the same as he is in other movies, which is fine by me (some people abhor his &quot;lack of acting skills&quot;).  It is the story that I am interested in and none of the actors detract from it (which says something positive about the actors).<br />The transfer is of good quality.  With a fair amount of action, there were no apparent compression issues.
B000002KLP|5.0|As the late 1970's sound of disco and contemporary R&amp;B was coming to a slow down, a new era of rebellion and punk was starting to evolve out of a local bedroom studio in North Minneapolis... and then came &quot;Dirty Mind&quot;.  You throw on this album, and your just blown away!  The sound, the look of the thing, the whole aura that this album gives off is totally rude, rebellious, and sexually explorant.  Prince had conjured up an image never seen before in the music industry.  Totally bold and against all the rules.  It broke down all the doors of where you can take rock and funk.  The &quot;Cigars&quot; at Warner Brothers were sweating in their sleep the night this album hit the release and distribution schedule.  With a release date of Oct. 1980, it was all over the radio the summer of 1981 with hits like &quot;Uptown&quot;, &quot;Head&quot; and &quot;Partyup&quot;.  This album was definitely the ground breaking force for the rest of the 80's.  Introducing the purple trench coat for the first time that many of us would like to see him jump into again,  Prince with his &quot;rude boy&quot; image, had arrived.
1570428654|1.0|This is clearly not my type of humor.  I thought it was sad and pathetic.  Hated it!
B00000GV55|5.0|Henry Cow's first three LP's, in their original form, will come with me to that desert island.  This is their first effort, with complex big-band jazz ensemble performances, and goofy (and frankly just plain weird) improvisations.  Heavily influenced by Zappa, Carla Bley, Schoenberg.  The ESD &quot;remix&quot; that appeared in 1991 was not an improvement (heavily tinkered, reverby, and additional instruments), so the one to get is this original mix.
6302378648|2.0|On its own, this film is alright. It has some good things, but its not fantastic. When compared to the origina 1962 version, its a different story. Its horribe! Part of the artistic vlue of the original was the difference in class between Sam and Max. In this version, Nick Nolte character is just as low and dirty and the real villain. <br />People seem to think that more is better, but this has to much explicitness. <br />This is an enjoyable film, but anyone who is too stupid to watch th original and compare them is just missing out on a great piece of cinematic masterpiece!
B00005AQGH|5.0|IF YOUR INTO 2PAC AND HARDCORE WEST COAST BATTLE RAP, THIS IS THE ALBUM 2 GET. IT INCLUDES HAIL MARY,TOSS IT UP, AND 2 LIVE AND DIE IN L.A.,OBVIOUSLY GREAT TRACKS OR THEY WOULDNT BE ON THE GREATEST HITS ALBUM, WHICH I ALSO RECOMEND. THERE IS ALSO NO NEED 2 SKIP OVER ANY TRACK ON THIS ALBUM CAUSE IT'S PACKED WITH SOME OF THE BEST HARDCORE GANGSTER RAP EVER RELEASED. IF I WERE U I WOULD GET THIS ALBUM B4 ITS NOT AVAILABLE BECAUSE U'LL MISS OUT ON SOME OF PAC'S BEST WORK.THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO REASON NOT 2 GET THIS ALBUM UNLESS UR DOWN WITH ALL THA FAKE GANGSTER BADBOY ENT. RAP AND U WONT OBVIOUSLY ENJOY HOW 2PAC DISSES THAT WHOLE WASTED RECORD LABEL.
630281474X|5.0|My last name is VanHelsing, no I kid you not it is as you see it. I have watched many versions of Dracula in my life, but none can compare with the Hammer version of Horror of dracula! Though the story isn't close to the book, it does have the terror and suspence that Bram stoker had writen down in his book over a century ago. Christopher Lee for me is the ultimate Dracula, his proformance as the evil and hipnotic Dracula is something to be admired. he is a comanding presence that can't be ignored. You can see in the Horror of Dracula that from the moment we see the Count until the mamoth battle at the end that Lee comamnds the film and actors(even though he doesn't speak much or isn't on film). Peter cushing is excellent as Lees nemisis Professor VanHelsing, he comes across as a man who knows exactly what he is doing. As the Professor he is more well writen into the role, even more so than other actors who portraid the strong and un-nerving figure(Such as Olivier, Hopkins , van Sloan and Plummer). The setting for the movie is quite good, from the opening credits with the statue of the eagle to the ending with the ring and dust. My absolute favorite scene (as I am sure with other fans of the Movie) is the battle scene towards the end between Dracula and VanHelsing. It is well executed. I dont think that there will ever be a vampire movie that there will ever be another movie like it, and if Cushing and Lee played the roles of Dracula and VanHelsing today it would indeed be a spectacular  film to see.
B00003CXRP|5.0|This movie is a must see. Usually You would think that if a movie had few speaking parts that it would not keep your interest.  For Cast Away this was not the case.  While Chuck Noland(Tom Hanks) is trapped on the island The only person he has to speak to is a volley ball (Wilson).  This movie will keep your total attention. I highly recommend seeing it today.
0060922583|5.0|Talbot presents an easily accessible model that explains, all at once, some of the most glaring conceptual gaps in both quantum physics and neuroscience, and at the same time puts &quot;mystical&quot; experiences on a firm scientific footing.  This book is filled with *fascinating* anecdotes, historical stories and information, and recountings of rigorous scientific studies that have come to some surprising conclusions.  The only possible critique I could offer is that in some places, how what is being discussed relates to &quot;holographic&quot; theory is either not clearly defined, or seems to me to have a coincidential resembelance at best.  But then, given that this is still a theory very much in it's infancy, that's to be expected.  Get it now!
0345363132|5.0|I love fictional history books and this one of the best I have ever read.  You become so emotionally intertwined with the characters that after I finished the book, I ran to the library to read as many non-fictional accounts of Richard's last battle. It is an amazing time with amazing characters and Penman brings it all to life.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This movie is best on DVD.  The extra material on the single DVD includes the trailer, the music video of &quot;I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow,&quot; a &quot;making of..&quot; featuring directors/writers/producers Ethan and Joel Coen and &quot;Painting with Pixels,&quot; an intriguing look at the use of computers in making this feature.  While most of the colateral material is the standard stuff, the Painting with Pixels is an interesting foray into the use of computers to create effects on screen and the treatment of the film when completed.  Cinematographer Rodger Deakins explains his job creating the final cut, then the computer artists take over, working with him to get a unique look and feel for the entire film.  I was amazed at the information in this piece.<br />The Coen Brothers generously credit Homer with the top writing credit.  Homer, a Greek poet, wrote The Odessy, upon which the film is loosely base.  Joel and Ethan added the Three Stooges and the Depression-era South, swirled in some instantly likable bluegrass music and came up with a winner of movie.<br />The film begins with the escape of our heros from a chain gang in the backwoods of Mississippi.  Our adventurers are supposedly in pursuit of 1.2 million dollars buried at the home of this Ulysess (George Clooney).  Clooney plays a wonderful Moe Howard, always willing to throw in an esoteric word or two to liven the conversation.  His buddies John Turturro (Larry) and Tim Blake Nelson (Curley) and he try to escape the movie's antagonist, beautifully underplayed by Daniel von Bargen (seemingly straight out of Cool Hand Luke).<br />During their escapades our trio mixes it up with three &quot;sirens&quot; (singing the most alluring version of the old black lullaby &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody but the Baby&quot; that I have ever heard), a church choir, a &quot;cyclops&quot; (John Goodman with a eye-patch, stealing his scenes with panache) and the Ku Klux Klan.<br />Don't look for historical accuracy in this film.  The Klan was never noted as either good dancers or good chanters and &quot;Baby Face&quot; Nelson dies in a hail of bullets not the electric chair.<br />But the Coen Brothers aren't reaching out for accuracy.  They are looking for pure entertainment and they achieve this goal.<br />An important note: My wife is not a Three Stooges fan but she loved the movie.his film.  The Klan was never noted as either good dancers or good chanters and &quot;Baby Face&quot; Nelson dies in a hail of bullets not the electric chair.<br />But the Coen Brothers aren't reaching out for accuracy.  They are looking for pure entertainment and they achieve this goal.  <br />An important note: My wife is not a Three Stooges fan but she loved the movie.
B000002L7Y|4.0|I started to get into a-ha's music in the early 1990's, thanks to the popular song Take On Me. I ordered the album and became hooked on it. All of the songs are great (especially The Sun Always Shines on TV and Take On Me) and this cd is not to be missed. So what if this band may not be \\"cool\\" to listen to? Great music is great music and it will always persevere.
0792842073|5.0|This movie really made me think. Before watching it, I was strongly opposed to the death penalty. Afterward, my opposition was stronger than ever. <br />&quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; examines all points of view, and gives a good picture of the death penalty from all sides. This movie is neither for nor against the death penalty, it gives you everyone's point of view, from religous people, to the victims' families, to the criminal himself.<br />Toward the end, I could not help but sob. I thought that The Green Mile would be the most emotional film I would ever see in regards to the death penalty, but I was wrong. This film was indeed more dramatic. It made me feel even stronger about my beliefs on the subject, and showed the whole picture.<br />I am going to buy the book, and get the nonfiction account that this movie was based on!
B000002KGT|5.0|Personally, the band inside of Fleetwood Mac was an emotional mess. Guitarist Lindsey Buckingham and vocalist Stevie Nicks had broken up after a long relationship, and Christine and John McVie (keyboards and bass) were in tatters as well. Come to think of it, this group (emotionally) is like the first No Doubt. But the music is far better than anything No Doubt could cough up. Much, MUCH better. <br />That being said, the break (and shake) ups during the recording sessions for this album proved to be an inspirational factor for some of the best lyrics this band had provided...ever(it was only their 2nd album, I think). Songs like The Chain, Gold Dust Woman, and Go Your Own Way proved that the band could provide the perfect pop song (while a few weren't exactly popular, they were still perfect in my view. And this is my REview) to almost any bad break up situation. The music is great too. Mick proves his percussionist status, as well as John McVie shows us all how to really play the bass, and Lindsey Buckingham proves to us all that he can really play the guitar. Really. <br />Make a long story short, buy this album for some good tunes to a bad time.
B00005BCNC|5.0|I liked Wilson! This movie was good, but since there was so little dialouge, there should have been more music to keep it from getting too boring.
B00005LMBK|5.0|This is the real music I have been waiting for about a few years.  Nothing like this happens very often.  This is a classic album for all people.  ALL SONGS ARE GOOD.  If there's no song that you don't like in this album, I think there's something wrong with you.  Many Blur fans probably have this album already.  But for those who haven't, this is the one you cannot miss.  It's fresh, it's lively yet, calm and cool with rythms of hiphop.  It's the combination of blur's british melody and the colorful sound and pumping rythms of american urban.
B00005BJPO|5.0|Amazing -- as stated before, the key turning point for anime in the states.  As an ex-anime fan (I quit watching once I moved to Japan oddly enough) I can still pop this in and enjoy this mesmorizing, subliminal cult classic - even enough to warrant buying a Hong Kong hack version DVD, with AWFUL subtitles.<br />One should hesitate to call this an anime, for more than a few reasons.  At a time I could have easily qualified as otaku, I welcomed obvious elements of this film that you would not find in other movies.  Among them are:<br />-The *BEST* soundtrack in any animated feature, by Geinoh Yamashirogumi (who I'm seeing in Tokyo next month!!).    Phenominal, percussion-heavy organic tracks, befitting each scene.  A true masterpiece.  Cheers to Otomo for not hiring some ..., Japanese pop band like EVERY other anime-producer does.  If you like the music, hunt down their other stuff-  Ecophony: Gaia is incredible.<br />-A story open for imagination and interpretation<br />-No cheese<br />Things you will NOT find in this feature that are in most animes<br />-... tunes that are basically regurgitated 80's music with todays technology<br />-scantilly clad babes with guns bigger than a tank<br />-Cheese<br />With the added \\"Akira Sound Clip\\" which shoes the making of the music, this DVD makes my DVD recommendation of the quarter, and at an incredible price!
B000001IPL|5.0|A CD that an old punk rock lover and his son can both listen to and drive mom nuts.
0312243022|5.0|This book was oddly compelling and one of the best books I've read in a long time.  Not much happens, yet every time I put the book down, I couldn't wait to pick it back up again. Contrary to other reviews here, I did not find the writing pretentious.  I thought the writing was direct as much as it was poetic, precise and uncomplicated. The ideas are deeply layered, the overall effect absorbing. If you haven't read Mrs. Dalloway, I recommend doing so (or even watching the movie) before you read The Hours.  The experience will be much richer.
B000002MP2|5.0|A great CD reminds me a little bit of the Clash (The Clash and Give them Enough Rope).  Just great music
B00004XOWM|4.0|I'd Probably Give This Album A 5 Star But I Am Not Doing So Because In My Opinion This Is Not The Limp's Best Album.Their Best In My Opinion Is 99's &quot;Significant Other&quot; Because Of Songs Like &quot;Re-arranged&quot;,&quot;Nookie&quot;,&quot;Trust?&quot;,&quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot;,&quot;Show Me What You Got&quot; And The Awesome &quot;N2Gether Now&quot; Which Features Method Man From The Wu-Tang Clan And Of Course &quot;Break Stuff&quot;.The Tracks Which Stand Out For Me On This Album Are &quot;Rollin'(Urban Assault Vehicle)&quot;,&quot;Hot Dog&quot;,&quot;Full Nelson&quot; And &quot;My Generation&quot;.Worth Pickin' Up For Definate.I For One Would Like To Say I'm Saddened By Their Cross-Over Into The Pop Sector.
B000006T9M|5.0|This is simply one of the best albums that Bon even did with AC/DC! Angus' solos are incredibly all the way through the whole cd starting with Highway to Hell and ending with the controversial Night Prowler. If you listen very hard...at the end of night prowler, bon says &quot;Shazboz Nano-Nano.&quot; This line was taken from Robin Williams from his show &quot;Mork and Mindy&quot;. Bon was a huge Robin Williams fan. That line means that you are siging off. And Bon added that in just for a joke. but he did not know thta he really was signing off with AC/DC and his life. A true collectors item. GO buy IT!!! It's great!
0783242808|4.0|I like this film a lot and I don't care who knows it. It is funny, romantic, dramatic, truthful, funny and did I mention it's really, really funny. However, I was disappointed by the Un-rated version. It didn't have much changed from the old movie, maybe a little bit more explicit, but please! They could've at least made it sound as good as the cover promised. Don't worry too much though, it improves on the first movie's sexual details, and you'll still find the film as enjoyable and as rewatchable. The star-studded cast all do fantastically, bringing their sexually desperate feelings blazingly alive. Most are newcomers who have had small roles - Tara Reid in Urban Legend or Chris Owen in October Sky - but they are all promising roles as good as this one in the near future. The script is repeatedly clever with it's hilarity and although drink will be coming out your nose, for the most light-hearted people, tears may be coming out of your eyes. All in all, this is a - I'll repeat it again just so you understand fully - REALLY funny film that won't appeal to everyone, but for all viewers who are looking for some raunchy fun, don't miss American Pie! It is well worth the money and the time.
0790733226|5.0|I can't stop watching this movie.  I was enthralled in the theatre and continue to be so in my living room.  The opening scene always thrills me, as does most of the cinematography. Jodie Foster is as talented as ever, and who could not want to look at Matthew McConaughey.  More importantly, the themes of the story reach me the most.  The battle between science and religion and the testing of our search for truth.  As humans, we are constantly assuring ourselves that we have the answers, and this movie just re-interates how young we really are.
B00002E233|4.0|Deep Blue Sea is great fun to watch. With your viewing buddy you can always look at the screen and have your eyes widened or your mouth grinning. It's a neat sense of enjoyment you can only get from a shark movie. But alas, Deep Blue Sea has its flaws. While the science-fiction story of a cure for Alzheimer's disease tries to cover up some of the flaws, you can still notice them. Sharks sense blood by its smell, not by its appearance. This is not the case in the thrilling opening scene, where some guy drops a bottle of red wine in the water on accident and a shark comes. Also, the-12-sharks-escaping-and-terrorising-people story is all entertaining, but how could the sharks fit through the corridors when they're meant to be super big? There's some more flaws, but I wouldn't want to keep you from seeing this movie because it's good fun and keeps you intrigued and entertained. There's something for everyone in Deep Blue Sea, whether you want fast CGI shocks, shocking horror, Saffron Burrows half naked, sharks eating people or just plain fun, its what you get.
B00005J73X|5.0|I went and saw Bon Jovi live a few months ago and they were awsome. They put on a great show. So when I saw that they had released a new live album, I knew I had to get it. It is defintely worth the money. Everytime I listen to this disc I relive my concert experience. The album Could not have a better opening track than &quot;It's My Life&quot;. This is a song that helped relaunch Bon Jovi's career.Even the classic Bon Jovi Songs sound great. Pick this c.d. up for a good time.
B00003CWL6|4.0|This story has been done before. Hemingway's &quot;Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber&quot; comes to mind.<br />Certainly manicuring the lawn (or being a sports junkie, having affairs, seeking solace in therapies and spiritual groups, reliving your guitar playing youth at age 42) are symptoms rather than causes. They are symptoms of a life gone stale, attempts at salvaging meaning where it has been lost. This movie is all about people trying to find meaning in their lives. Most of us who are honest with ourselves can relate to that.<br />Now the central question that many will ask is why does the meaning get lost? You may suggest it's out of neglect. But I suggest it's due to the natural course that relationships run, coupled with - and this is most important point - the guilt one feels and/or obligations one gets wrapped up in as a result of our patterning our lives after what our culture has brought us up to believe is the road to true happiness: a long-term, commited relationship. Most of us come to question this idea, see the folly of it. Whether it is folly is the springboard from which discussions about this film should arise.<br />Certainly divorce rates are higher today simply because the stigma of getting divorced has been largely removed, not because people are any less happy in their marriages than they were when divorce was rare.
B0000509C4|4.0|Like most of the reviews I've read on here it seems that the second story  &quot;THE RAFT&quot; would be the most popular.I agree also.this one can scare the living s==t out of kids who like to swim..(it's also very funny..To me anyway..and that's the point of  C1  and C2)   The first story  is predictable and slow...&quot;We all know what's gonna happen&quot;.   The third is a lot better and a hell of a lot funnier...  &quot;I wonder if she would have said &quot;&quot;you're welcome&quot;&quot;   he would have left her alone...lol..Good stuff,worth seeing.
6304696515|3.0|Superb film--Excellent cast.  Probably Malkivich's best film.  No DVD Extras, too bad.
B000002KBU|5.0|The only time poetry has been successfully converted into beautiful melodies, timeless piano ballads.  If you're nowhere near a CD player, pull out the liner notes and just read.<br />My favorite tracks--&quot;River&quot;(missing from vh1's top 100 rock songs--abomination!) &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard&quot;, &quot;California&quot;, &quot;This Flight Tonight&quot;
006097625X|5.0|A non-fiction comic book-style book about comics and how they work. Theories about representing time, space, story, art, and more, in an approachable and useful style. You owe it to yourself to read this one. There is a sequel, Reinventing Comics, which that is more concerned with the comic book market and how comics can work with the web.
0060926317|5.0|This is a book that really makes you wake up and question one's own life style and values. Even if every word isn't true, it sure gave me a lot to think about. I don't think anyone could possibly make all of this up. I personally believe that a lot of it is the truth. I had a hard time putting the book down and I would like to recommend it to everyone. My husband and I both read the book on our vacation last year and I could hardly speak to him while he was reading it, he was so absorbed.
0060392886|5.0|I am definitely no fan of Motley Crue. I find their music to be the equivalent to nails on chalkboard. Their personal lives however is a whole 'nother can of worms to open. Yes, Motley Crue is another childish, immature, self-absorbed, wild, narcisstic, out of control band from the '80s hair metal scene but &quot;The Dirt&quot; is just too irresistable to not read. The former drummer Tommy Lee proves himself to be the consumate moron since his own actions he described in this book showed to me that his IQ is just a few points below a brick. I laughed at his journal entries from the time he spent time in the pokey. He comes off sounding utterly childish and immature, nor does he sounds like he had learned anything while in the pokey. The stories behind Nikki Sixx and Vince Neil were probably the most interesting parts of the book, especially the chapter of Vince's beloved daughter Skylar. That chapter just tore me. Nikki's life is just incredible. It is amazing that he still breathes today. I loved this book even if I don't love the band's music.
B00000I1OZ|3.0|Let's first make one thing clear: As movies go, I think this is probably one of the very worst romantic comedies I have ever seen. That said, I would still recommend it! Why? Well, it is rescued by two things: a really great performance by Marisa Tomei and a movie that is literally filed with some of the most gorgeous and compelling scenes of Italy. Don't watch this movie unless you are prepared to consider moving to Tuscany!
0780623703|5.0|I think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. A cute comedy. A brother and a sister fighting over a remote until it crashes into the wall and breaks. The repair man comes, gives them a new one and they get transported into the tv sitcom Pleasantiville. Bringing color to the world and disrupting it. I think this movie is super. I highly reccomend it.
014028009X|5.0|This is a fun, breezy book. It tells of the ups &amp; downs  of a young woman with humor &amp; heart. Bridget battles her weight, mother, dates, cigarettes, &amp; friends. There is something that everyone can relate to in this book. It's  great to read &amp; talk over with your friends. Highly  recommended.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This CD has such a variety of sings and types of songs! Whether or not you want to hear a pop song, an alternative, or a love song, this soundtrack has it all. And if you've seen the movie, and can place where the songs are coming from, it makes it all the more better.
B00004Z459|4.0|This is a good cd in which most of the songs are good.<br />1.Papercut- Fast-paced song and really catchy. one of my favorite songs on the cd.<br />2.One Step Closer- alright song good the first couple times i heard it now sort of annoying<br />3.With You-  Pretty good song.<br />4.Points of Authority- alright song don't listen to this one too much.<br />5. Crawling-  Great song you'll have it in your head after you listen a couple times.<br />6. Runaway-  Another great song one of my favorites<br />7.By Myself-  Don't listen to this one much. its not that bad of a song though<br />8.In the End- Great song my favorite song on the cd.<br />9.A Place for my Head-  another good song nother one of my favorites.<br />10.Forgotten-  good song<br />11.Cure For the Itch- probably the only bad song on the cd<br />12.Pushing me away-good song<br />Overall this is a good cd and you should get it.
B00005LKIM|4.0|It's been ten years since FBI agent Clarice Starling interviewed convicted serial killer and admitted cannibal Hannibal Lecter. Now,after assuming responsibility for a a botched drug bust that resulted in her shooting the suspect who was holding a baby,Clarice is on the hot seat.About to be punished by Justice Dept.official Paul Krendler,she gets a reprieve when Mason Verger,a wealthy and influential recluse,asks that she be put back on the Lecter case and that the killer,who's been on run for the past decade and now living in Italy,be reinstarted on the FBI'S ten most wanted list.A geat horror thriller!!!Also see The Silecne of the Lambs.Stars Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore.Very cool and exciting movie!
B000006YMP|5.0|I bought this without having heard any of the songs before, but being a big fan of ABBA I thought it would be fun to hear some of Agnetha's solo recordings too. And I was not disappointed. Of the CD's 12 songs there are 2 (&quot;Stay&quot; and &quot;Take Good Care of Your Children&quot;) that I don't like, which means a CD is very good if the listener is picky, picky me.<BR>My favorite is the beautiful ballad &quot;To Love&quot; and &quot;Once Burned, Twice Shy&quot;.<BR>Agnetha has a great voice, and if you like ABBA, you'll like this.
0446677450|5.0|This was the first book of it's kind that I have read.  I loved it!  This book brings up ideas that are &quot;outside of the box&quot;.
0446347949|2.0|This book could be useful if you've never taken a marketing course and you prefer to read at a junior high level (most sentences are about six words long). Like too many business books, the content in &quot;Positioning&quot; could have been condensed to a magazine article, making it about 200 pages shorter and much more compelling and pithy.  Consider this book to be &quot;positioning light&quot;, a collection of anecdotes and assertions. Look elsewhere if you want concrete examples supported by any sort of analytical rigor.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD was wonderful!!!! Each song was more enjoyable than the next, the whole CD is a winner, and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys this type of music. You don't always find one like this.
B00004KD11|5.0|Ever since this debut album has appeared, Deep Purple set a pattern of being years ahead of their time.  When you first hear &quot;And The Address&quot;, you are lulled by Jon Lord's organ into thinking this is a pretty song.  Well, it is, but not for the reason you think.  By the time he cranks it up for the full sonic assault, he is joined by Ritchie and his mates for the onslaught!  Classic, classic song.<br />Hush, in my opinion, was one of the worst songs on the album.  I would rather skip that one and go straight to &quot;One More Rainy Day&quot; that has some nifty drum work to showcase Ian Paice's talents as well as a great bass line by Nick Simper.  Then you slide right into &quot;I'm So Glad&quot; which really brings out Rod Evans on vocals.<br />And then there's &quot;Hey Joe&quot;.  Absolute perfection.  I am convinced that this is a better cover of the song than Hendrix or anyone else could have ever done.<br />No, I didn't forget Ritchie Blackmore.  He's been on my list of top 10 guitarists for 30+ years and he isn't going anywhere.<br />The rest of the CD is decent.  But the four songs that I've mentioned allow the CD to deserve its rating.<br />The only other CD that gets this high a rating from me is &quot;Made In Japan&quot; and the only song that gets higher marks from me is &quot;Super Trooper&quot; from &quot;Who Do We Think We Are&quot;.<br />Don't pass up on getting this CD.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002HMH|5.0|A totally underrated album, this is Metallica's best album yet. Everything has improved from the &quot;Black Album&quot;. One of the biggest improvements is James' singing, sounding less inhibited and more confident. Jason's bass comes through more solidly. The guitars are more interesting to listen to, not just a big wall of heavy metal distortion. However, it is the diversity Metallica are unafraid to show over the entire album that makes this a winner. What other Metallica album can you go from tracks like &quot;Wasting My Hate&quot; to &quot;Mama said&quot; to &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;? Don't get me wrong; &quot;...And justice for all&quot; was the first Metallica album I bought, and I still love it, but this album is far, far ahead. Did I mention James lyrics? Anyone who has heard all of Metallica will know these are his most sincere yet. The overall sound is thick and well produced, and Lars drumming is simple yet very powerful. Any past Metallica fan who doesn't like this, can't have a volume control on their stereo, because this must be played at 10!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I bought the CD several weeks before I saw the film, and I loved it from the minute I put it into my stereo.  While the movie is truly wonderful (romantic and emotional as all get out, and visually stunning...everything you could want from a movie musical), the soundtrack is, if anything, even better.  The songs here are purer renditions than those which appear in the movie, which is probably a good thing - the songs in the film wouldn't translate well into a recording.  This CD is also just the highlights, but what's missing isn't crucial (those of us who really loved the film can wait for the complete cast recording).  There's some great dance music here - Lady Marmalade is a spectacular remake, and Hindi Sad Diamonds blends Eastern and Western music into an intoxicating mix.  There are also some wonderful ballads - I love the humor and romance of Elephant Love Medley, and I truly enjoyed the inclusion of Your Song, one of the most beautiful love songs ever written.  The one completely original track, Come What May, will be nominated next year for a Best Song Oscar - mark my words.  As for the singing done by the actors, I have to say that they carry it off quite well, especially Ewan McGregor (if I thought he was hot before, he's ten times more attractive now!).  This soundtrack truly fits the film perfectly - bold, flirtatious, and incurably romantic.
B00004W55E|5.0|This CD is is absolutely amazing.  I have never heard Rachelle before and now I think I'm in love.  It's too bad I haven't heard her other CD's but I will have to get those soon as well.  Good God that one note in &quot;Run to Me&quot; had me running to buy this CD when I heard it in the listening section on this site. This CD is an excellent piece that expresses soul and elegance at the same time.  I've finally found another CD to add to my sophisticated soul collection along with Kenny Lattimore, Maxwell and others.   Amazing....Elegant....Sophisticated.....Just buy it and you'll see what I mean!
B000002MQ9|5.0|I consider myself a pretty well rounded guy musically.  I know the alternative, country, pop what have you.  I'm kinda on the cutting edge.  So imagine my surprise when I kept hearing all the hubbub about Dead Can Dance.  I mean I heard \\"Ubquitous Lovegrove\\" numerous times and I didn't exactly fall in love with it so I figured I most likely wouldn't like any of their stuff.  WRONG!!   However, I come here and this album is on everyone's list mania. Now I am like \\"I have to at least hear some of this\\".  So I did.  This album is beyond anything musically I've ever heard.  I listen to this album and I FEEL like I've been transported some 700 years back in time.  They recreate the sound so well !!  I recommend this album whole-heartedly to any music fan.... I admit this sound is not for everyone but if you want to expand yourself muscially I recommend this album.
0790736039|5.0|I first saw this movie a year ago and it terrified me. I've been scared of clowns all my life and now I know why. I saw the comercials and posters for this when I was little and clowns have scared me ever since.The end wasnt that great because of the cheesey spider but other than that it was great. Tim Currey did a good job as Pennywise the clown. All the other acters in the movie did pretty well to.
B000007T2Z|5.0|As with all reviews, I am weary of exhausting the coveted (maybe not so much anymore) 5 star rating, but I believe that this album is truly worthy.  This album has reinstated my excitement with the music industry (a feeling I haven't felt since I first started collecting music).  Godspeed You Black Emperor! do more than play, they paint.  I rarely find music which invokes such vivid, theatrical images in my mind that all I can do is sit an let it all in.
0345440757|5.0|I know it may sound silly to say a book changed our lives, but it DID.  At 16 months, our daughter had NEVER slept longer than a 4 1/2 hour stretch and was mostly in our bed. After my sister recommended this book, I read it apprehensively because I had practiced attachment parenting and it wasn't working for our daughter or us. She was still waking every 2 1/2 hours to breast feed to sleep; therefore, she would NOT eat during the day. She had NEVER fallen asleep on her own and didn't know how. Needless to say, I was EXHAUSTED!!!!  After reading this book, I understood that we were perpetuating a lot of our problems.<br />We actually consulted with Tracy through her firm, Baby Techniques, and she was so compassionate and understanding.  She provided us with a gradual ( I stress gradual) plan/routine to teach our daughter to be comfortable in her room and fall asleep on her own. With Tracy's guidence, we never let her 'cry it out' and now our daughter loves her crib and falls asleep happily on her own. She doesn't wake up until 5 or 6 a.m. at which time I breast feed and she falls asleep until 7. And she is eating well to boot. <br />I would recommend reading this book BEFORE your child gets to 16 months. It is mostly geared towards starting in the first 3 months; although it says a lot for her technique if it also works past one year. Tracy has a book for toddlers coming out sometime and I can't wait!!!
B000002OZY|5.0|1968 was a quiet year musically for The Who. Aside from a few stray singles (including the legendary \\"Magic Bus\\"), it seemed the Who were very busy with their next album after the ingenious work of SELL OUT. When TOMMY was unveiled in the spring of 1969, the grueling work that went into it was certainly not for naught. Arriving at the height of the counterculture movement, just like Tommy became a youth messiah in the album, the Who suddenly became spokespeople for the psychedelic movement of the time with songs that doubled as youth propaganda and great rock and roll music. The opening chords of the \\"Overture\\" are among the most memorable and recognized in rock history, and after those come in, for 75 minutes you're not let go from this epic work of a boy with some truly amazing gifts. The story is not worth recounting here, for that is what is the true joy of listening to TOMMY, but the highlights are the songs that have gone on to become classics out of the context of the work, which is rare for just about any concept album. Although it's less than a minute long, \\"It's A Boy\\" contains what I think is one of the most precious and beautiful vocals ever recorded, and just as it seems I'm on the verge of tearing up at that, it immediately launches into the Who's version of \\"It Was A Very Good Year\\": \\"1921\\". \\"Amazing Journey\\" glides along on a psychedelic bed of atmosphere merging into the appropriately-titled guitar showcase of \\"Sparks\\". The blues standard \\"Eyesight To The Blind\\" is wonderfully incorporated into the plot, which then is followed by another great precious masterpiece, \\"Christmas\\" (one of the best lyrics anyone in rock has ever composed). Bassist John Entwhistle rises to the occasion with the downright scary \\"Cousin Kevin\\" and \\"Fiddle About\\". \\"The Acid Queen\\" would be much better executed by Tina Turner in the TOMMY film, but one can imagine what was to come by Pete's rather sedate reading of it. After the ten-minute-long \\"Underture\\", we get into the music that has become among The Who's best-known work. \\"Pinball Wizard\\" can be hummed by just about anyone in the world, and this is one song both the original and cover (by Elton John) can rank equally good. \\"I'm Free\\" is another song that would be much better done in the movie, as would the whole \\"Holiday Camp\\" thing, because it just cries for some visuals to be put to the music. At last, we come to the end and the rock anthem to end all rock anthems (maybe not that, but that is coming soon) \\"We're Not Gonna Take It\\". A ringing anti-establishment ditty, this song contains one of Roger Daltrey's most fiery vocal performances, before he goes precious again with the coda \\"See Me, Feel Me\\" that became a well-deserved hit off this album. The closing image of the movie would make this song all the more poignant. 30 years after it first appeared, its anti-establishment plot may strike some as a bit quaint, but music is eternal, and as that, TOMMY ranks truly as one of rock & roll's greatest triumphs.sic that has become among The Who's best-known work. \\"Pinball Wizard\\" can be hummed by just about anyone in the world, and this is one song both the original and cover (by Elton John) can rank equally good. \\"I'm Free\\" is another song that would be much better done in the movie, as would the whole \\"Holiday Camp\\" thing, because it just cries for some visuals to be put to the music. At last, we come to the end and the rock anthem to end all rock anthems (maybe not that, but that is coming soon) \\"We're Not Gonna Take It\\". A ringing anti-establishment ditty, this song contains one of Roger Daltrey's most fiery vocal performances, before he goes precious again with the coda \\"See Me, Feel Me\\" that became a well-deserved hit off this album. The closing image of the movie would make this song all the more poignant. 30 years after it first appeared, its anti-establishment plot may strike some as a bit quaint, but music is eternal, and as that, TOMMY ranks truly as one of rock & roll's greatest triumphs.
0553274503|5.0|I read this book when I was in high school, about ten years ago, and I've had flashbacks ever since. Keyes gives insights to society's treatment of the mentally disabled, and its respect and fear of the very intelligent. Even more fascinating, he lets us explore the emotions that would follow a sudden increase in intelligence, and then its just-as-sudden loss. One part that stick out in my mind is near the end of the book, when the main character looks at his foreign language books. He had formerly read them fluently, but now he can't make heads of tails of them... &quot;All gone.&quot; I've identified with this phrase more times than I can count!
B000059QY3|5.0|While flawed in several respects, this DVD nevertheless records the most thrilling and moving performance of this opera I have ever seen or heard (and I have seen it performed live several times and own most commercial recordings of it). I had the VHS tape for years, but bought the DVD immediately when it became available, because this production deserves to be seen and heard in the best quality possible.<br />The success of this performance is attributable almost exclusively to Angela Gheorghiu.  Forget what many say about Maria Callas -- Gheorghiu IS Violetta.  She looks the part but, more importantly, she LIVES the part.  Her singing and acting is exquisite.  She truly makes one feel Violetta's ambivalence and conflict in her big Act I solo, love and sacrifice in the first scene of Act II (the scene between Violetta and Germont pere is perhaps the most complex and riveting in all of opera), her heartbreak in the second scene of that Act, and her relief at her reunion with Alfredo in Act III.  Her performance tugs at the heartstrings and drains the tearducts throughout the opera without ever seeming mannered or overdone.<br />Her achievement is even greater in that she can have this effect even playing against two antagonists of limited effectiveness.  As Alfredo, Frank Lopardo acts with commitment and youthful sincerity.  Unfortunately, his singing tone is rather pinched, which makes him seem stiff and unnatural.  Leo Nucci's Germont is woolly of tone and completely unsympathetic.  His performance in the Act II duet with Gheorghiu makes him seem like a monster rather than a concerned father.  It's to Gheorghiu's great credit that she makes Violetta's agreement to sacrifice herself and her love believable.  Had a lesser actress been paired with Nucci, the opera would have been over at that point; one would have expected her merely to boot Germont from her house.<br />I said that the performance's success is ALMOST exclusively attributable to Ms. Gheorghiu.  One must recognize Sir Georg Solti's contribution as well.  Had he driven the music harder or let it languish, all would have been lost.  But his moderated reading is perfect.  It is a true testament to his genius that one of the most renowned and dynamic conductors of all time could allow himself to be completely inconspicuous in the performance.<br />EVERY lover of opera and anyone interested in exposing himself or herself to opera should own this disc.  It will be a long time before it comes out of MY player.
B00003BE32|5.0|never has been a time in the world history of music that heavy metal &amp; classical music could collaborate so well...just comment Michael Kamen for his talents &amp; efforts of bridging the two worlds together.  a rock band I once despised, and symphony orchestras of any, once considered boring, collide into a tremendous force of listening nature that grabs attention and upmost respect that I never imagined.<br />the night they made recording history at the Berkeley Community Theatre is where a fortunate live audience witnessed and heard history in the making,  I want to commend Metallica's S&amp;M as a lifetime collector's album.  A job well done!
B00003CXS4|5.0|Okay...if you liked &quot;Lock, Stock &amp; Two Smoking Barrels,&quot; you'll definitely like &quot;Snatch.&quot;  If you didn't like &quot;Lock Stock,&quot; then by all means, stick with the trite Hollywood excrement you know and love.  This film deserves much more praise than it's received, and most of the &quot;It's just like the first one&quot; claims are only skin-deep.  True, the style of the films is greatly similar...but the same can be said for Hitchcock, Scorsese, Spike Lee, and (especially) Tarantino.  That doesn't mean that they're not great film-makers.  It simply means that they have a distinct style...which I think is a good measuring stick for the talent of a film-maker...especially in the 21st century, when there have been so many films released that maintaining one's own style is increasingly difficult.  The plots of the two films are truly not that similar.  The only main comparison is that they both involve diverse people getting sucked into something that is beyond their comprehension...or, at the least, much bigger than they'd imagined.  In this film, there is a distinct lack of the Cockney rhyming slang which permeated its predecessor.  It is NOT a sequel.  Only a handful of the actors from &quot;Lock Stock&quot; appear in &quot;Snatch&quot;...and they appear as different characters.  Brad Pitt is a welcome new addition, portraying a nearly indecipherable, omni-tattooed Irish gypsy named Mickey, who engages in some bare-knuckle boxing that is strangely reminiscent (though not particularly DERIVATIVE) of &quot;Fight Club.&quot;  Benicio Del Toro also gives a brief, but fabulous, performance.  No card-playing, no antique shotguns, no madman with an afro, no former-singer-for-the-Police dad, no gratuitous beatings administered with marital aids.  This is a film unto itself, and one which deserves recognition as such.  The only thing in this film which is truly derivative of &quot;Lock Stock&quot; is the scene in which Vinnie Jones (as Bullet-Tooth Tony) is slamming some poor schmuck's head in a car door, just as he did (as Big Chris) in &quot;Lock Stock&quot;...I'm certain, however, that the scene was VERY intentional, designed to get a laugh out of viewers who remembered the scene from the first film.  And it worked.  So...if you're a fan of cutting-edge British cinema, check out &quot;Snatch.&quot;  And don't worry if you can't understand 60% of what Mickey says.  Rest assured...no one else can, either.
B000002OX7|5.0|After the triumph of TOMMY, Pete Townshend set about recording another rock opera to rival that behemoth: LIFEHOUSE. But like Brian Wilson's SMILE, the project took on a life of its own, and became just too ambitious for even the gifted Pete to realize. The songs that remained were still among the best Pete had ever composed (making them among rock's all time classics), and while WHO'S NEXT was basically just another Who album and not a rock opera, one can only wonder what Pete really had in mind when he was putting all this together. Synthesizers were still a relatively new instrument in 1971, and Pete took his somewhat limited knowledge of it and created a sound that's been imitated numerous times, but never duplicated. While synthesizers would become a cliche in the decades to come, Pete's use of them on WHO'S NEXT remains probably the only time the instrument ever saw its true potential. The opening flourishes on &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; still elicit loud cheers at any Who concert and for 5 minutes after that, the Who has the listener in the palm of their hand for another great rock anthem. With Pearl Jam's numerous live covers of &quot;Baba&quot;, one can probably trace the roots of the band to that one song. Every song on the album is worth a listen, and like I mentioned in the title of this review, I could listen to any one of the songs on here for hours on end. The highly underrated &quot;Bargain&quot; was recently used in an automobile commercial. While that might be considered crass by some anti-sellout critics, here's hoping it gives this song the attention it really deserves. The short acoustic &quot;Love Ain't For Keeping&quot; leads into another patented John Entwhistle original &quot;My Wife&quot;. Another near-forgotten tune, &quot;My Wife&quot; has one of the funkiest horn charts I've ever heard, and was probably written specifically for WHO'S NEXT, because you can't really imagine what bearing it would have had on the whole LIFEHOUSE project. The next few songs were too layered and produced for the concert stage, but one can only imagine how they would have sounded because they could very well have been live recordings. &quot;The Song Is Over&quot; is mostly sung by Pete himself, and this is good because such a personal song is not overdone by Roger's overly expressive delivery. &quot;Getting In Tune&quot; is another song I have myself singing almost at will, and the piano playing by the legendary Nicky Hopkins is enough to have anyone playing air-keyboards. &quot;Going Mobile&quot; does for synthesizer what &quot;Tune&quot; did for piano, resulting in an easy-to-mimic flourish that still wouldn't have sounded better from anyone else than Pete. &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot; is one of the most heartwrenching songs ever recorded, and was a well-deserved top 40 hit with its extended acoustic intro before erupting into a full-throttle electric assualt. Finally, we have what I think is THE rock anthem of all time: &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;. The opening synth on here is even more notable than on &quot;Baba&quot;, and is one of those songs where the fact that it's 8 minutes long is a huge plus. You just don't want this song to end. A surefire concert rouser, I can only wonder what I'd expereience as a spectator when this song is played. Hearing Roger Daltrey's closing scream will give you goosebumps just about any time you hear it. While that song was the official end of WHO'S NEXT, the remastered version contains all the cast-offs that didn't make the final cut. And these are among some of the best and most mystifying outtakes ever. Songs like &quot;Pure &amp; Easy&quot;, &quot;Too Much Of Anything&quot;, &quot;Water,&quot; &quot;Naked Eye&quot;, and &quot;I Don't Even Know Myself&quot; (another great keyboard song I can imagine being played by Brad Whitely from my high school) are so excellent, you'll wonder why on earth WHO'S NEXT wasn't made into a double album in the first place. Some of those songs (and a few other LIFEHOUSE outtakes) would find their way onto the ODDS &amp; SODS collection, but they sound better in the whole context of WHO'S NEXT. What could very well be the Who's ultimate zenith also could be the start of their decline. Even Pete Townshend said the Who were pretty much spent by WHO'S NEXT, and nothing that came after it could ever approach this masterwork. While it's good that the Who kept on trying to come up with another great epic after this (Pete is even trying to turn LIFEHOUSE into a more manageable project recently), WHO'S NEXT represented the Who at its unenviable peak, and rock &amp; roll in general as well.d a few other LIFEHOUSE outtakes) would find their way onto the ODDS &amp; SODS collection, but they sound better in the whole context of WHO'S NEXT. What could very well be the Who's ultimate zenith also could be the start of their decline. Even Pete Townshend said the Who were pretty much spent by WHO'S NEXT, and nothing that came after it could ever approach this masterwork. While it's good that the Who kept on trying to come up with another great epic after this (Pete is even trying to turn LIFEHOUSE into a more manageable project recently), WHO'S NEXT represented the Who at its unenviable peak, and rock &amp; roll in general as well.
B00003Q43A|5.0|For once I have bought a DVD that I though was worth the price tag. This feature is big on behind the sceens and has a alternate ending to boot! If you Like ID4 then you won't be sorry with the DVD special Edition.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|&quot;Poses&quot; was my introduction to Mr. Wainwright. So far I haven't stopped listening to the CD since I purchased it.  I had to go out immediately and find his first CD--and while I love that one as well, I feel his latest work is even better.<br />The music is beautiful, baroque and ominous and the lyrics are poetic and witty.  I don't understand the professional review above--the music on this disk is more intricate, perhaps, than the first, although I haven't listened to that one as much.  If you have a taste as I do for something completely different--way beyond your blindingly banal common radio fare--you must listen to Rufus.  I'm no expert, but I know what I like.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is my favorite Cd yet and I just can't seem to get sick of it! I can't go a day without listening to it. Especially four of the first songs, &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;, &quot;Because We Can&quot;, &quot;Sparkling Diamonds&quot;, and &quot;Rhythm of the Night&quot;. But don't get me wrong, the others are great too. As soon as I saw thw movie I fell in love with the music and knew I had to buy the CD.  I especially like the ideaof fantasty, hip-hop melody back in Victorian times, it just makes it so interesting. The songs are set in perfect order, and the actors sing suprisingly great. The whole thing will make you obessed with Moulin Rouge!
B00003CXS4|4.0|I love a solid crime caper movie any day. &quot;Snatch&quot; happens to fit that bill nicely. To explain the whole plot would just waste time. There are two reasons this film works: the soundtrack and the cast. The music for this movie runs the gamut, from such bands as Massive Attack and pop icons like Madonna (hey, who's she married to again? I'm kidding.). The cast is great, with some shockingly funny performances by Brad Pitt (the subtitles for him specifically on the DVD shed some light on his dialogue), Benicio Del Toro (good for the time he's in this), Vinnie Jones (thoroughly smooth), and many, many others. There are some great scenes, inlcuding a botched heist (apparently inspired by many crimes caught on tape), a seemingly unkillable nemesis that refuses to stay dead, and a few thoroughly horrible deaths. If you are easily offended, this movie's probably not for you. For the rest of you, it's worth a rental.
B000002OX5|5.0|After the ill-fated attempt at having every member of the band contribute to the songwriting on A QUICK ONE, the follow-up SELL OUT was back to being guided by Mr. Pete Townshend himself. And while TOMMY was still 2 years away, SELL OUT proves that Pete was man of many great ideas. Aside from the BBC, the only other radio England had was through pirate stations that may have been illegal, but were hugely influential in breaking out bands like the Who. With those pirate stations about to be phased out in favor of official, government-sponsored radio, Pete decided to pay tribute to the format that he grew up liking as a boy. The first official concept album by the Who, the original album was fashioned as an old radio show, despite the fact that the LP being divided into 2 sides was a rather glaring problem. Despite that, The Who succeeded admirably with the radio-show format, commercials and all. Opening with the psychedelic wash of &quot;Armenia City In The Sky&quot; (not written by Pete, but a friend of his), the listener is in for a heck of a show that works better as an unbroken work, and not in 2 parts of an LP. Having finally established a songwriting voice on A QUICK ONE, bassist John Entwhistle's first contribution to A QUICK ONE is the &quot;commercial&quot; &quot;Heinz Baked Beans&quot;, the only one for a product that actually exists. Appropriately tinged with his dark humor, Entwhistle also contributes another commercial &quot;Medac&quot; (acne cream, how in tune the Who were with their teenage fans) the eerily sung and played &quot;Silas Stingy&quot;, which I guess was pretty apropos, considering that the Who were beset by money and management problems throughout their career. Otherwise, it's all Pete's game on another commercial for a made-up product like &quot;Odorono&quot; (a deodorant, no doubt). For songs, Pete begins to grow more and more with the folk-inspired &quot;Mary Anne With The Shaky Hand&quot;, the complicated guitar work on &quot;Tattoo&quot; (a concert standard even today), the bright pop of &quot;Our Love Was&quot;, &quot;Relax&quot;, &quot;I Can't Reach You&quot; and the near-solo &quot;Sunrise&quot;. But SELL OUT's undisputed best song is &quot;I Can See For Miles&quot;, which shockingly was the The Who's only top 10 hit in America. This psychedelic masterpiece could very well be one of the best Who songs ever (and that's saying a lot) with Pete's most stinging guitar playing (like it was recorded at the Carlsbad Caverns), John's loudest bassline yet, Roger Daltrey's sneering, playground chant-like vocal, and Keith Moon's most primal drumming (hard to believe this guy was still only 21 at the time of this recording). They hadn't even laid down the groundwork for TOMMY yet, and the The Who had already reached an enviable career high. &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot; was the first excursion into rock opera for the Who, but Pete doesn't quite match that triumph with the more veiled &quot;Rael&quot; that closes the album. But when you consider the fact that Pete's next rock opera would be more than 75 minutes long and nearly all of it good, such an early stumble is more than forgivable. The extra tracks on here expand on the radio show format with some unreleased songs and commercials that had they been included would have filled out the whole radio show idea better. But I guess they wanted to save such a big statement for their masterwork, still a few years away. In later years, the Who have been decried just like the Stones for reforming whenever the smell of money comes to them. But when you look at their history of monetary struggles throughout their career, and Pete Townshend getting paid precious little for his very superb songwriting, such offers should seem only logical because now the Who really have something to show for making such legendary music. And even with an album called SELL OUT, The Who can hardly be accused of doing such bad deeds.ot; (a concert standard even today), the bright pop of &quot;Our Love Was&quot;, &quot;Relax&quot;, &quot;I Can't Reach You&quot; and the near-solo &quot;Sunrise&quot;. But SELL OUT's undisputed best song is &quot;I Can See For Miles&quot;, which shockingly was the The Who's only top 10 hit in America. This psychedelic masterpiece could very well be one of the best Who songs ever (and that's saying a lot) with Pete's most stinging guitar playing (like it was recorded at the Carlsbad Caverns), John's loudest bassline yet, Roger Daltrey's sneering, playground chant-like vocal, and Keith Moon's most primal drumming (hard to believe this guy was still only 21 at the time of this recording). They hadn't even laid down the groundwork for TOMMY yet, and the The Who had already reached an enviable career high. &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot; was the first excursion into rock opera for the Who, but Pete doesn't quite match that triumph with the more veiled &quot;Rael&quot; that closes the album. But when you consider the fact that Pete's next rock opera would be more than 75 minutes long and nearly all of it good, such an early stumble is more than forgivable. The extra tracks on here expand on the radio show format with some unreleased songs and commercials that had they been included would have filled out the whole radio show idea better. But I guess they wanted to save such a big statement for their masterwork, still a few years away. In later years, the Who have been decried just like the Stones for reforming whenever the smell of money comes to them. But when you look at their history of monetary struggles throughout their career, and Pete Townshend getting paid precious little for his very superb songwriting, such offers should seem only logical because now the Who really have something to show for making such legendary music. And even with an album called SELL OUT, The Who can hardly be accused of doing such bad deeds.
B00005K3OT|5.0|And of course, by sensual, I mean the literal definition ... this movie tweaks the senses in the most glorious way. Until this movie, my favorite was The Unbearable Lightness of Being which, coincidentally, starred both Juliette Binoche and Lena Olin together. I agree that this is not much of a &quot;deep thinking&quot; film, but it transforms you magically to this fantastic land ... who would even know if it existed ... and who would care? The soundtrack is phenomenal, as well, and takes you right back to place and time. If you like movies like Ever After, Unbearable Lightness, Hope Floats ... in other words if you're a helpless romantic like me, you'll love this movie ... no question.
B000003S0I|5.0|LTIA was the first in a trilogy of albums in which Crimso was attempting to prove that they were the scariest, most intense band in the world.  They succeeded here, although I feel they truly upped the ante on the succeeding LPs, &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; and &quot;Red&quot;--most particularly the last-named record.<br />LTIA Pt. 1, with its whisper-quiet intro and loud, dissonant middle section, declares this intention immediately.  &quot;Easy Money&quot; proves it further, especially with the evil canned laughter at the end.  &quot;Book of Saturday&quot; is a lovely, abstractly despairing track.  The whole album is mesmerizing, and for me, LTIA, S&amp;BB and Red represent the best period in the group's choppy history, especially after the near-misses of ITWOP, Lizard and Islands.
B00005B1EX|5.0|While I like very much the New Judas Priest, it is still not Judas Priest to me.  I listened the Meltdown 98 album but It didn't make me want to buy it.  Some months later, a friend in a music store insisted that I listen to this Halford CD.  Wow! It was the best I had listened to in terms of metal in years.  Rob Halford is Judas Priest.  This album has some old Priest songs, along with some material from fight, and some newer material that I didn't know.  All of it is very good, and some of it is amazing.  I would have liked to have The Sentinel, Freewheel Burning, or All Guns Blazing included.  Ripper is very good, but Halford still wins.  Exellent album and , in my opinion, in the level of Live After Death or World Wide Live.
B00005B36H|5.0|I first heard Tool on a local radio station when I was about 8 or 9. My brother loved the song &quot;Sober&quot; and I grew to it as well. &quot;Trust me, trust me&quot; still sticks in my head to this day. Now in the past two years, I've had many favorite bands. From Deftones to At The Drive-In. From Rage Against the Machine to A Perfect Circle. Then, I received word that Tool was about to release a new album. Without previewing it, I bought it within the first week of its release. I was really in for the shock of my life.    Tool had delivered everything I had hoped for. From the Heavy Rock sound of &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; to the lighter sound of &quot;Disposition&quot;. I found myself singing &quot;The Patient&quot; in the doctor's room. Every song sticks in my head. The lyrics remain embedded into my brain. I fall asleep listening to it, and wake up listening to it.    If you liked &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; you will certainly love Lateralus. Maynard shows off how he can sing smooth and legato in some songs while singing harsh and rough in other songs, much like the comparison between &quot;Brena&quot; to &quot;Magdelena&quot;.    Tool shows that they still have 'it' and gives it their all in Lateralus. I definitely recommend this cd.
0805062971|5.0|This isnt a book with words and a plot.  Its poetry.  Its one of the most beautiful words you will ever encounter.  Chuck is a genious, I think he goes by a pen name but that is what makes him so much more exciting.  Its twisted yet understandable.  Like one of my favorite lines is , &quot;This is your life and its ending one second at a time&quot; And the way he narrates stories making everything so vauge but detailed enough when you get to the climax of one of his stories.  Its not about men beating each other up because they hate the world of consumers and such.  Its about life and its all the things everyone else had on the tip of their tounge but could never articulate it.  It was always there but never said.  I cant explain the gratitude I have for this book or how mentally i am in love with the author but it seems that tyler durdan is the messiah of the lost children of the turn of the millenium. waking us up. I think that if you spend any ten dollars on a book most def spend it on this book to this day the words fog my mind and i cant think of anything but fight club when i am on a plane in a hotel in a taxi or even as something as normal as crossing the street. I am forever lost in its text and its not text at all but poetry like jewels flowing from your mouth and haunting your brain for the rest of your life.  If you dont buy this book, you will just be like everyone else, lost in your black oblivion of your tiny desk cubical well have fun or try to do something real.  Ever since this book i wanted insomnia like the main character of the book,  hehe.  Every time I read this book there is something more I notice, something more to haunt me. The girl slept as she the inarticulate words were slowly engraved on her  mind forever. As the silver blue moon recognized the once in a lifetime experience.  Buy this book, like a spacemonkey shot into space.
0790736942|5.0|The first memory I have of this film is at my grandmother's as a little 7 year old girl and crying because I was so scared of the scary little girl I saw on The TV.  Ever since then (when I finally had the stomach to watch it all the way through) I've been fascinated with this movie.  Recently when I saw the updated film at the theatre, it moved me even more.  As a 24 year old I didn't think it could scare me but after I bought the 25th anniversary edition and tried to watch it at home alone.  I did actually have to turn it off and switch on all the lights.  It's very hard to shock me but this movie does.  I Love the adrenalin rush!  The spider walk was chilling, but what freaked me was the opening of her mouth and the blood that gushed out.  Gross, I loved it!
B000002UDB|5.0|This CD is one of the weirdest, but greatest Beatles albums.(Like a mini White Album)With the exception of &quot;Flying&quot;, the songs on this album could probably all be released as good singles. I must say the CD gets better as it goes along, but the main song, &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, sets off the right phsycadelic mood preparing you for odd songs like &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; and &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;. If you want to see the Beatles work and figure out what all the hype is about, don't overlook Magical Mystery Tour.
B00005BJ9W|4.0|It seems to me that there's some confusion about the tracks used on this CD, as well as Duran Duran's Rio album in general.<br />The original album was originally released in the U.S. in 1982 on Harvest records.  This version (as well as all UK and Japanese versions) shipped with the *shorter* versions of the songs.  So in fact these tracks are the &quot;original versions&quot; and are not &quot;cut to pieces&quot; or the &quot;wrong master tapes&quot;.  This is the version of &quot;Rio&quot; that every country but the U.S. thinks of when they think of the album.<br />Now, if memory serves me correctly, Harvest then re-released a version of the album in very small quantities.  This version is exactly the same as the later Capitol version, and would become the &quot;standard&quot; U.S. release.  This version contains the mostly &quot;extended&quot; versions of the songs.<br />I hope this clears up some of the confusion.  If you think this is bad, don't even bring up the US vs. UK vs. German CDs of this same album!
6305077630|5.0|Two hopeless romantics, Gary and Wyatt took a page right off Dr. Frankenstein and created a lovable Barbie doll named Lisa. And all it took, was Wyatt's PC. {with some extra powered help by Wyatt hacking his way into this U.S. master computer government center} ,and some jumper cables hooked up to a Barbie like doll. Now for the revealing moment of truth, Gary &amp; Wyatt wore bras on their heads,while Gary was chanting a ceremonial prayer in Islam at the lifeless doll. Wyatt was going to press the magical button on his keyboard to bring the doll to life. As he did, the strong wind currrents caused by this chain reaction, blew away most of his stuff in his bedroom. To stop this, Gary threw away Wyatt's computer adapter ,which was a birthbay present,out the window. Instantly the wind currents stopped! As they both ducked under Wyatt's desk. The passage door in Wyatt's bedroom blew up to pieces! As they got up to see afterwards, they saw their full of life Barbie doll looking straight towards at them with a baby I'm yours,kind of smile. Dr. Frankenstein chanting, It's Alive, It's Alive! They were so shocked that they were able to pull this off. Til this day, I'm still wondering how they did it! I'm still working on it. If this ever happens to me. Cause I'm optimistic, it will! I won't share my made up love barbie doll with no one! I mean no one! But for now, I'll keep watching Weird Science til I find the missing hypothesis to create some Weird Science of my own with a touch of lust!
6305841861|4.0|The teaming of Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell is, to say the least, an extremely animated collaboration.  Raimi's unique and riveting visual style matched with Campbell's brilliant physical acting bring life (or perhaps &quot;undeadness&quot;) and humor to an otherwise mindless gore film.  The plot is weak.  The dialogue is horribly lame.  There are quite a few technical flaws.  But don't let these things trouble you; they actually add to the hilarity that gives Evil Dead II its charm.<br />-B
B000001E18|5.0|Achtung Baby, U2's greatest album, inspired Zoo TV, U2's greatest tour/achievement, and Zoo TV in turn inspired Zooropa, an album perhaps more satisfying than Achtung Baby.  Song by song, it is surprisingly stronger and much more cohesive.<br />After the US outdoor leg of the tour, U2 had a six month break before going to the European outdoor leg.  They were ecstatic at the wild success and fun of the (comeback/reinvention) tour and went into the studio and recorded this album.  Zooropa captures the music of U2 during their creative peak and finest hour.<br />The themes of Zoo TV are omnipresent throughout the album: the ads on the title track, ... in Baby Face, droning messages in Numb, the poetic interpretation of modern life in Stay, the sounds in general etc....  The 10 songs are as solid a performance as U2 have ever delivered.  The band's wonderful innovation combined with Eno's production have this futuristic record sounding just as fresh 8 years later.<br />A true gem!
0780622553|5.0|After having read several of the reviews at this site... and having delayed posting my own, because I really esteem this film...what it is attempting to do...and the subtlety with which it is attempting to do it...the most disappointing, disheartening comment I have read here is that the film has no soul...if there is anything that this film DOES HAVE...and is promoting...it is the whole idea of finding one's soul, being true to it, and fighting to keep its integrity against the demonic forces and effects of the world around it...<br />   What you are watching is not just a film...it is not just a surface story...it is a hidden allegory...a beautifully poetic and highly symbolic (with secret symbols) allegory...an allegory is a double layered work in which one level seems to be the surface level of the literal story, but the other level is inviting you...provoking you...to dig deeper...or transcend higher...to other levels of understanding which are staring you in the face, although cleverly hidden... psychological, spiritual, philosophical, hidden knowledge levels...this is not demonic material...but rather, nobly enlightening and spiritually stengthening poetry...<br />   This film, like &quot;The Matrix,&quot; which I also highly esteem except for its useless profanity and swearing by the very group which is supposed to be the heroic and spiritually enlightened group, are both not simply what they appear to be...they are presenting hidden<br />knowledge...which is psychologically and spiritually profound...the depth psychology of ancient mythology is a close parallel...the work in mythology and gnosticism and depth psychology by C.G. Jung and C. Kerenyi as well as the Gnostic interpretation of the Gospel of John are excellent perspectives from which to understand this film...<br />  And what is the symbolic difference between the dark city...which is inverted...turned upside down... and where all the citizens fall asleep, while their identities (personas) are switched into new roles and their minds are altered by injections...so that they wake up in new identities and new circumstances -- and the ending where the hero, by using the power of his mind and will, is able to raise the symbolic lighthouse from the sea...and turn the city right-side up to face the light of...what do you think that brilliant sunlight...and that wondrous, profoundly moving music mean... as that city turns its face toward the sun...and is finally no longer inverted in darkness -- and its citizens are no longer lost in sleep???<br />And what is the meaning of the hero who does not know himself...who he is or what he is...but who alone among the human populace is able to awaken from his sleep, become &quot;reborn,&quot; and start his journey toward self-knowledge and the light?<br />  And what is the meaning of his extraordinary focus and mind power?  All of this is symbolically shown and the viewer is certainly given enough clues, if one can just watch closely enough...and not get lost in the &quot;entertainment&quot; of the surface story...or think that the surface story is all that there is to this film...the surface is only the starting point...is *Moby-Dick&quot; just a story about a chase for a white whale that bit off a guy's leg?  Then why believe that &quot;Dark City&quot; and &quot;The Matrix&quot; are just films about what the surface seems to be presenting...why not pick up on the clues that these films are allegories presenting deeper truths that the viewer is going to have to go below, behind, above the surface level to find the truth of...just as the hero and the police detective break through the brick wall to discover the truth of where the city is really located...what is serving as its boundary...and that there is no apparent escape... that &quot;Shell Beach&quot; (in &quot;Dark City&quot;) and &quot;New Zion&quot; (in &quot;The Matrix&quot;) cannot be achieved until the hero believes in himself, takes on his responsibiity, and starts to set things right...and turns the dark city right-side up again... to face the wondrous light of Truth...<br />  How can anyone say this film has no soul...when there is that incredible scene in the jail...where John's wife, from whom he has been estranged, comes to see him...and there is a glass barrier between them...and in one of the most beautiful and moving scenes in film, John's love...in reaching out to her...breaks through the barrier that would separate them...is that soul-less?!!!<br />   This film, needless, to say requires deep viewing (did you notice the label on the back of the t.v. set that Morpheus used to show Neo the Truth?) ... surface viewing and surface thinking are not going to allow one to get to the heart and soul of this film...or of &quot;The Matrix&quot; either...which is why it is so dis- heartening to hear people talking of &quot;The Matrix&quot;... and all they saw there were the cool effects and the martial arts hoopla, razzle-dazzle... the deeper, hidden message flew right by them...they didn't see it...yet...
B00005ASQ1|5.0|I totally enjoyed this movie. I rated it 5 STARS because I felt it had alot of depth to it. Everything Sean Connery does usually has something to say to mankind. And this is with no exception. You will always walk away after watching a movie Mr. Connery is in with a good feeling in your heart. As justice prevails and mankind is seen as doing the right thing.
B000056N8X|2.0|The effects are really where it's at in this film, and the DVD really make them shine! I missed seeing it the week it was in theaters, but this DVD transfer makes all the lightning shots look very real...the effects people must have taken quite some time to get that lightning to look so awesome! I just started listening to the commentary for insight into how this all came together.....breathtaking!....Kudos to the crew!
B000001DTM|5.0|On New Year's Day 1990, Bono with his cowboy gear said after performing with BB King, &quot;We have to go away and dream it all up again.&quot;  Well what a fantastic dream they must have had, because nobody could have ever expected Achtung Baby.<br />Mostly recorded in the beautiful city of Berlin, U2 fed off of the mixed feelings over the re-unification of Germany.  The pressures that were mounting amongst group members over the seeming impossibility of reinvention were relieved by the great music that they were producing.<br />The album is full of fantastic riffs from Edge's ground breaking experimentation with guitar distortion, and memorable choruses from a fine vocal performance by Bono.  You'll find the classics One and Mysterious Ways, as well as the enduring live favorites Until the End of the World and Even Better than the Real Thing.  However this is not a four track record as the remaining tracks are also among the group's finest works.  I got it for the tracks I knew and ended up liking the others just as much or even better.<br />I just realized that almost a decade has passed since the time of release, and it doesn't sound even a bit out-dated: a testament to how influential it was.  This album is an absolute essential.
0385486804|4.0|Excellent book on a unique young man who let his idealism kill him.
B00003CY5K|5.0|Legally Blonde is a very lighthearted movie that will definitely make you laugh.  Reese Witherspoon is right on target with her depiction of Elle, the sorority queen who gets dumped by her Law-School-Bound boyfriend.  To prove to him that she is worthy of him, she gets herself enrolled in Harvard Law and hilarity ensues.  A great supporting role by Jennifer Coolidge as Elle's manicurist, who &quot;bends and snaps&quot; her way to a very funny role.  I definitely reccomend this movie.
0780622553|4.0|Although it drew a less than enthusiastic response in theaters, Dark City is a title that should not be overlooked.<br />Using a deft blend of science fiction and film noir, director Alex Proyas develops his own suspenseful, thought-provoking script (which, in strange coincide, explores themes similar to those in the Wachowski brothers' sci fi masterpiece) into a visually stunning film with high production values and creative design.<br />Admittedly, this movie will not appeal to everone. Like any work of art, there will be those that either love the movie or absolutely hate it. I found it thoroughly facinating, and I think anyone who enjoyed films like &quot;Metropolis&quot; or &quot;Blade Runner&quot; will appreciate what went into making this film.<br />On the DVD side of things, collectors looking for a reference quality disc will not be disappointed. The excellent 5.1 audio track and clean digital transfer really do the effects and ambiance of the film justice. Add to that a plethora of special features including two different audio commentaries, production notes, cast and crew bios, trailers and more..well, you've got another winner from New Line's Platinum Series. <br />Highly Recommended
0920668372|1.0|My friend gave me this book when my daughter was born. She said she cried every time she read it to her girls. I anxiously sat down and read it that night. I was stunned at how much I abhorred this book. A mother crawling into her son's room, climbing into his window when he's an adult... too much! It gives me the creeps just thinking about the story and the picture of him cradling her in his arms in the end. Creepy, creepy, creepy.
B00005J6T1|4.0|Probably the easiest way for me to review this album would be to start with a comment on the actual songs, followed by a comment on the new &quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; package itself.<br />Madonna's first album, simply titled &quot;Madonna&quot; in the USA, Canada and South Africa (and &quot;The First Album&quot; in Europe, the UK and Australia), is a mix of electro-synth-funk-pop, reminiscent of the early 80's. Much of the material, in fact all of it, is dance oriented and smacks of earthy gusto - heavy electric guitars, melodic synth and casual, everyday pop. The album opens with &quot;Lucky Star&quot;, an upbeat, exhilarating tune that catapulted Madonna into the upper realms of the record charts. This is followed by &quot;Borderline&quot; - a far more mellow piece of material yet, nevertheless, highly charged. Other hits worth mentioning on this album are &quot;Burning Up&quot; (a funky, playful dance tune with some serious guitars), &quot;Holiday&quot; (a buoyant pop track which, to this day, has been one of Madonna's steadfast signatures) and &quot;Physical Attraction&quot; (probably my favourite piece - heavily synthetic and onomatopoeic, with image-filled lyrics like &quot;...it's just making me want you more and more...&quot;). The album closes with Madonna's very first single release, &quot;Everybody&quot;, a playful banter of the early 80's New Wave Invasion - fresh, catchy (&quot;Everybody, come on, dance and sing&quot;) and irresistibly jiggy.<br />The remodelled version of this 1983 album can simply be described as &quot;flawless&quot;. &quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; it is, and in more ways than one. The entire package has been enhanced, including the lyrics booklet and back cover. All three pictures in the CD booklet have been polished, and the back cover of the CD is delightful - I personally have never seen this picture of Madonna before. Serious fans will love it! The British and European fans will be delighted, as even the album cover willbe new to them. The South Africans, however, may be a little disappointed at the loss of the beautiful &quot;chain nipping&quot; picture in the new enhanced CD booklet.<br />One finds it hard to believe the clarity of each song on this refreshing, digitally enhanced CD. At times, some tunes sound even more dance oriented than before - as their beats are far more distinctive and positively deafening. &quot;Physical Attraction&quot; and &quot;Lucky Star&quot; are examples. The drums are pulsating, and the synthesisers are lucid and precise. The inclusion of two bonus tracks will please many fans. &quot;Lucky Star&quot; (New Mix) is not characteristically different to the album version - it is merely an extended version. &quot;Burning Up&quot; (12&quot; Version), however, is a surprising delight! The song sounds far more polished and funky, and doesn't appear to &quot;drag on&quot; like most 12&quot; versions. The beat is improved, and the drums resonate in a &quot;get up and dance&quot; manner.<br />Surprising to me was the fact that the 12&quot; extended version of &quot;Everybody&quot; was included on the new &quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; CD, yet was not inscribed as such. The original &quot;Madonna&quot; album, in actual fact, hosted the edited version. A fan of remixes, I would personally have loved to see more bonus tracks on this CD. Perhaps a 12&quot; version of Borderline or 2001 remixes of Holiday, Lucky Star and Physical Attraction. For now, though, we won't be greedy. This digitally remastered CD is sufficiently satisfying as is. A delight for the real fan, and a surprise for the musically uninformed.
0780020685|4.0|This may be one of the most entertaining and ground breaking movies ever made.<br />As a film, Seven Samurai excels on so many levels it's hard to know where to begin. The story's message of honor and self-sacrifice is so simple and timeless, it crosses all cultures and mindsets. <br />While the scenes themselves are not necessarily quick (the movie runs over 3 hours), the overall pacing is brilliant. Every moment blends effortlessly from relaxed humor to tense excitement to somber introspection. Regardless of the context, the audience always feels as if the film is moving forward towards it's dramatic conclusion. <br />And as if substance weren't enough, Kurosawa took the meaty screenplay and devised some creative camera work to enhance each scene.  Kurosawa's use of slo-mo, for example, has influenced such directors as Peckinpah and Leone.  No angle, tracking shot, remote, or still is wasted.  <br />The performances of the actors also deserve special mention.  From the clever stage business of Takahashi Shimura's Kambei, to Toshiro Mifune's enthusiastic and spirited performance as black sheep Kikuchiyo, the audience can easily find an character to identify with and follow through the course of the movie.  It's not hard to imagine those watching for the first time sitting on the edge of their seats, hoping their favorite samurai will survive the film's final act.  My personal fave was the subdued, bad-ass fencer, Kyuzo (played with detatched machismo by Seiji Miyaguchi).<br />DVD-wise, this film is what most enthusiasts would expect from a Criterion release.  Although the extensively restored footage still contains some artifacts and minor flaws, and the dated soundtrack will not bomb your home theater system like a &quot;Dark City&quot; or &quot;Fifth Element&quot; disc will, this is without a doubt the best version of Seven Samurai available and worthy addtion to any film buff's collection.<br />Highly Recommended
B00003CXB7|5.0|Not only is the movie a classic; the series needs to be released as well.  One of the longest running series before being sent to re-run land.  Hilarious while keeping what horrors war offers.  Scripts are good and the acting even better.
0790734060|5.0|I agree completely with this reviewer. I first saw this movie two years ago, junior year in my high school's Chamber orchestra. Of course, while I've already heard and played some of Mozart's pieces (I play the violin), I never truly LISTENED to them. Amadeus is one of my favorite movies and I would have never become the Mozart freak (dubbed by friends)that I am today if I hadn't seen it. I've seen it countless times, read several biograhies, used him for occasional class presentation, downloaded lots of pieces, and of course my cell phone rings Eine Kleine Nachtmusik. It's true that Salieri didn't cause the death of Mozart and personally his pieces doesn't sound bad at all. The film is amusing, which is one of its strenghs since it encourages the  person not normally interested in classical music too listen to it, and may lead them to find out more about the composer. It did it for me (though I still picture Hulce's face when I listen to Mozart's beautiful music).
B00004WGYA|5.0|I first bought this on vinyl in 1982...and it is still up there in the top 3 pieces of work that Duran has released. If you are looking for extended remixes and live versions, this isn't the one to buy. This is the original songs in their original form, there is virtually no difference in the songs from the 1982 release of Rio.  However, I bought this one for the sheer collector value of the Limited Edition Mini Sleeve packaging which is really cool.  I also enjoyed the mulitmedia aspect of it...three videos with interesting tidbits of information about the making of the videos, a discography, photo gallery of some rare photos from Sri Lanka and Antigua, and the lyrics.  Plus, there aren't a WHOLE lot of copies being made. This is truly one for the Duran Duran collector.
0375703764|4.0|At first the style of writing seems a little daunting, but its a pleasant surprise to read this freaky story.  Excellent writing and a story that sucks you in.
B00003CXAA|5.0|10 stars for the 3 legendary films, 10 stars for it's EF's, and 10 lashes for you if have the cash but refuse to buy it!
0792837614|5.0|West Side Story is my all time favorite movie. I can't remember when I first saw it but I've seen it countless time since. The story is timeless, and I could listen to Bernstein's score repeatedly without tiring of it. I never saw it in theaters and I do wish there was some kind of revival, such as the one Gone With The Wind enjoyed. I cannot imagined how impressive the film wuld look on the big screen, so impressive it is on my 21 inch tv.This is the only movie I watched in which I cried in the end.It's that touching. It may not appeal to the younger set but if you want to relive the emotional gripping story of West Side Story, buy it. NOW.
