B00000HYXB|5.0|I have been a long time Tolkien fan, and fan of Metal music also.  This album combines the best of both.  The storytelling in the music is excellent and moving, capturing what I believe is the essence of the Silmarillion.  I listened to the CD and cannot get the songs out of my head.  If you are a Tolkien fan theis CD is a must, even if it is not your prefered style of music.  If it is your prefered style of music you will absolutly love it.
B00005R87Q|1.0|How about this?  Why don't we all make a pact not to indulge the Hollywood waz-machine, until the businessmen there stop treating us like hormone-driven teenagers.  Okay, I'm guilty of sitting through this, and the guilt alone should take a year off my life.  But in a day and age when films like American Beauty and Fight Club can fall into the mainstream, doesn't this kind of high-polished and soul-eating flick seem very outdated?  One can only hope so.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|This is the best noir mystery thriller I've seen in many years. The lead character, Lenny (Guy Pearce - is excellent) has anterograde amnesia, and is seeking revenge for his injury and his wife's murder. He is only cognizant of brief spans of the present, before his short term memory is lost. The film is edited to instill this same feeling of uncertainty of facts, relationships, and self-trust in the viewer. The story unfolds backwards, in brief spans, in a way that grabs your interest in the unravelling, like a top-notch mystery. This is the type of movie that has you still thinking about it hours after it is over. If you love mystery thrillers, or like studying films, this film is a must.<br />My only disappointment is that the DVD did not have a director commentary audio track. However, it did include an IFC Interview with the director, Christopher Nolan. This includes some insights into this film, the festival showings, and the relationship between this film and his brother's short story. Other extras are \\"ok\\" -- trailers, and a lot of handwritten notes, stills, and a newspaper article hyperlinked together...largely a time-vampire, much effort you'll spend to get very little insight. The IFC interview was the only good DVD extra.<br />This is an independent film that leaped from the festivals to the big screens, which is rare. Cinematography, multi-layered story, editing, and acting are the reason for it's success. Supporting actors are Carrie-Anne Moss and Joe Pantoliano (both from Matrix), are excellent. It does have many small twists, including the ending. The twists are non-Hollywood enough that you don't guess most of them. The only down side to the movie is that it seems slightly long (but never boring)... and trying to avoid reading too much press hype before you see it.
B00005K3O4|4.0|Killer Klowns rates up there as one of the cult classics of all time. It makes fun of itself, the audience and the concept regularly. Suggested companion videos should include Polergeist or any of the Cirque de Solei series. If you love classic horror, you will abhor this film. It's camp, but it's well done (They actually had a budget!). Watch at your own risk, and see you under the Big Top.
0060934913|5.0|Tony Bourdain has an ascerbic wit and a gutter mouth with a rhythm and patter reminiscent of Jack Kerouac.   I can almost hear the sound of smokey jazz accompanying the kitchen clatter as he describes the characters and exploits behind those fabulous meals in elegant eateries.<br />He smokes, he swears...seems to be one edgy S.O.B. but my favorite trait regarding this guy?  He makes no secret throughout this book that he is crazy about his wife and that tells me more about him as a man.  Nice balance.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I'm not a big Clooney fan, and I barely remember the Odyssey, but this was my favorite movie of 2000. It was quirky and out of the ordinary, but still hugely entertaining, which is tough for these kind of movies, since it's so easy to ruin them. The combination of mood, music and humor make this a must see for anyone. I picture the 1930's South more like this than the great classic movies such as Grapes of Wrath (in which life was always miserable)and the screwball comedies (where life was great).  Life was tough, but people still lived there lives and still tried to enjoy what they could.  I've seen this movie 4-5 times and listen to the soundtrack often.  It also gave me a new appreciation for old time southern/bluegrass music that I never had before.  I think this is easily the best movie that the Cohen Bros have done, and hope they do more like it.  The music from the baptism and the Sirens was terrific.
B000056PWV|5.0|In Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window, we view from a distance and up close a number of people trapped in their lives:  the struggling songwriter, the woman looking for companionship, the salesman and his invalid wife, and a photographer confined to a wheelchair following an accident, looking at all the other trapped people through his window into theirs.  James Stewart is that photographer, a man who has become more of a voyeur than he wants to admit.  He's feeling trapped by his wheelchair, but also by his relationship with beautiful rich girl, Grace Kelly.  And then he begins to suspect that one of the neighbours has committed a murder, and from his perch at his window, he begins to piece it altogether.  Rear Window is an amazing film.  Like he was in Lifeboat, Hitchcock is limited to a small physical space to play out his action, and he does it here with even more success.  The suspense, the suspicions, and the evidence builds gradually in a plot perfectly paced for maximum effect.  Stewart gives a very assured performance here, just as effective in his reaction shots as he is delivering dialogue.  Kelly is sophisticated, beautiful, and very real in her performance, and both are matched by the always great Thelma Ritter as the to-the-point nurse who visits daily, and who also becomes involved in the goings on.  This is clearly one of Hitchcock's top achievements - a smart, romantic, sexy, funny, scary, mystery film that delivers on all those levels.  Make a point to see this one!
B000002U88|5.0|Bob Seger and Your Silver Bullet Band (All Members, past, present and future)...is there one record, song, album that is not a perfect 10...musically, emotionally, psychologically, and in every way a body, heart and soul can experience a tune...Thank You...for sharing your lives, hearts, souls, experiences and incredible talents through your art...in this particular case- your Music...helping us tap into ours..When oh when are you guys getting into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame...me and about a million or so others would sincerely like to know...Thank You...
0517122707|5.0|simply brilliant.<BR>...  A Confederacy of Dunces has been described as \\"the only successful satire ever written by an american author.\\" This being so, does a satire need to be funny in order to poignant? True, Toole's wit by far makes A Confeceracy of Dunces a hilarious work, but if one doesn't find it amusing is it not successful? Of course not. Satires are not meant to be necessarily funny. The greatest satirist ever, Jonathan Swift, upon publishing A Modest Proposal, had people believing every word he said, ready to slaughter Irish babies in order to solve the hunger problem in Ireland.<BR>But it was not found to be humorous.<br />What makes a satire successful is the fact that it reveals basic humans truths through a slew of characters and mocks those truths. Ignatius doesn't need to \\"evolve\\" to make him a brilliant work of satirical fiction. He represents the naysayers, the traditionalists, the purists, the holier-than-thous who are so stuck in their preconceptions that they can't see past their own unkept lifestyles. Ignatius' way is the only way, for him, and this is why his character is brilliant. The humor behind Ignatius is not necessarily how he acts, but what he is willing to do to prove himself correct and to prove other people, namely his mother, to be lower than dirt. Ignatius' self righteousness can be seen in almost anyone, to an extent, or someone we all know, not necessarily because we would actually act in that way, but because it's so bizarre and extremist.<br />The other characters are meant as a backdrop for Ignatius' ludicrous behaviour, but each can stand as an independent character. God help us if Hollywood decides to make a movie revolving around Lana Lee.
0399230033|5.0|If you look at the title \\"Good Night, Gorilla\\" and immediately think of the classic \\"Good Night, Moon,\\" you are not alone.  But whereas the latter is about a little rabbit who is putting off going to sleep by saying \\"Good Night\\" to everything in the room, this little treat written and illustrated by Peggy Rathmann is about a zookeeper who WANTS to go to sleep and is saying \\"Good Night\\" to all of the animals in the zoo.  What the weary zookeeper does not know, is that the gorilla has grabbed his keys and there is a growing menagerie following him home to his wife.<br />\\"Good Night, Gorilla,\\" is simply a charming little tale, where the drawings communicate much more than the dialogue.  I want to think of the art as being a cross between watercolors and pastels, but then what do I know about art?  What I love best is to find the mouse with the banana on the string in each picture, and I bet your children will love that too when they discover it on their own.
0380002930|2.0|This is a book that my Gifted English class had to read and, as usual, over analyze. We read it over a long period of time with many tests, etc. and I was pretty disappointed. I know that with a story about talking bunnies you shouldn't expect too much but there was something telling me that this book may be a little bit more...I was wrong though. Blah Blah Blah is about all that I saw on the pages after about a week and eventually I just wanted to put the book down and begin stomping on it. I guess that in it's entirety it wasn't all that horrible but I have to ask myself if it was truly worth my time to read it and I am not sure what I would say. It has a lot to say but it could have been said in a much more condensed version. To be honest I could have cut at least a hundred pages from it and still been able to get the same message across. I guess that in the end I would have to say that if you really want to read this, go check it out at you local library.
B00003CXXJ|1.0|PLEASE watch this movie for what it is. Nice computer graphics. The voice acting is atrocious. The jokes thin and meaningless.<BR>The CGI is polish, and the old saying 'you can't polish a turd' is true in this case. Although the vast majority of people have been 'taken in' by the bright shiny CGI and have not been tempted to look behind the proverbial curtain. If they did they would see an extremely lacking movie. Mike Myers tired 'Scotsman' act, and Diaz must have phoned her part in. The only redeeming part was Murphy.<br />Shrek ? more like Drek.
6302891272|5.0|This is yet another of Akira Kurosawa's &quot;classic&quot; samurai films. Similar to &quot;Ran&quot; in its reworking of a famous Shakespeare play, &quot;Throne of Blood&quot; takes the tragedy of &quot;Macbeth&quot; and transports it to feudal Japan with amazing results.  Toshiro Mifune delivers a great performance as the doomed and ambitious warrior. Wonderfully filmed, as usual, with a terrific final sequence of the embattered and surrounded Mifune as he realizes the consequences of an eerie prophecy. A must-see for all fans of Kurosawa but perhaps not for the initiate.
078322608X|4.0|First of all, this movie dispels the myth that Mr. Pitt can't act. He pulls off one of the best acting coups ever in a very difficult, and disquieting role. Bruce Willis does a good job too, even if he may be overdoing it at times. I admit I should probably see this one again, since it is hard to follow, but there is a stroke of genius here in just about every category. The time travelling plot is given some freshness, and the flashbacks (especially in the airport) are outstanding too, even if a little confusing. The WWI scene was great too,along with the mental institution. The Philadelphia scenes,especially the animals near City Hall at the beginning, and the shopping scenes, not to mention the inner city scenes of desolation were top of the line too. Probably this should get a 5-star, except it is generally very depressing and dreary, and filmed in gray tones as if to emphasize the point. Also there are a couple of needlessly violent/bloody scenes too, which may be realistic, but don't make really make it more watchable. Still, worth a look, and I'm glad I finally checked it out!
B00003CXRP|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatres and own the dvd. It is slow moving so if you one of those people who dont read, and dont enjoy a great emotional story, and just want a 45 minute boom bam slapped together movie then you wont like this movie. Tom hanks does a great job with this one, he acts just like any one of us would If we were on a deserted island. I guess that would mean he acted well. But the other reviewers just want people to be constantly in combat and how much combat are you gonna get on a desert island. In a word this movie is &quot;great&quot;
B00004Z4WR|5.0|The Ying Yang symbolizes perfect peace with all aspects of nature. Well, this DVD holds all the neccessary criteria to be called a five star movie. The action leads the pack while drama and comedy are mixed in. The musical scores inside are fantastic. The DVD is better over a VHS for its range of special features and brillantly chosen selected scenes. I'll leave to other reviewers to give you a summery and story line. If you were to ask me whether to buy it or not, I would say it was well worth the money.
0345413377|5.0|In the Amber Spyglass, Philip Pullman creates a cunning story full of excitement, betrayel, and adventure. Lyra and Will are incredible characters whith bravery and strength. Their adventures through the World of the Dead to find Lyra's friend and Will's father create an exciting mix of emotion and courage. These two children's destiny relies on their actions, which are being monitered closely by good and evil. Pullman creates a story worth reading again and again. I would DEFINETLY recommend this book to anyone searching for a good book.
6305327084|5.0|This is a movie that I truely believe is for guys not girls. It probably never went anywhere because it looks like a chic flic. In fact though it is all about problems guys have. Once you watch this movie you will see one or more situations that we have all been in. Give this movie a shot, you might actually learn something about yourself. And then when you are done being sappy watch Rocky, because ine the end we still want to beat the crap out of people even if we know it is wrong.
B00003CY0V|5.0|This movie kicks in from the get go. To awesome explosions to technical computer stuff to fast paced action to twists, this movie has it all. There are so many suprises in this movie that you just keep shaking your head in disbelief.<br />Travolta is excellent as a the backguy as is Hugh Jackman (Wolverine in the X-Men movie) who plays a computer hacker who is not allowed to touch a computer per his parol. He wants to get custody of his kid but doesn't have the cash, and that's where Travolta and Halle Berry come in.<br />Non-stop action and enough twists to keep you off balance all the way to the end.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Truely, What the heck happen here. You've all seen it so I don't have to go into great detail. I'm just bitter is all. It's like some evil version of George Lucas came out of his twenty year hibernation with the soul intention of destroying all that was good from our childhoods. For those of you who were born after Star Wars maybe you don't understand, they were not just movies. They were myths and legends and they helped form our imaginations. Good versus evil, adventure and excitement, we sought these through these movie even if jedi should not. Now, we get Jar Jar, Metaclorians and a childrens book plot. George, I know you are rich and powerful in this life but, for what you have done, I hope there is a power greater than us that will make you suffer in the next life.
B00003CXXS|5.0|I love all 3 of the Jurassic Park movies, but this one beats The Lost World out pretty easily. From start to finish, this movie is the fastest moving one of the 3 and it adds a few new dinosaurs to the mix. Sam Neill reprises his role as Dr. Grant and there are few picks at Malcom, but this is a wall to wall action and suspense movie. The special effects are excellent as always.<BR>There are few things that don't make sense in this movie, but overall this is an excellent fast paced enjoyable movie.
0800141660|5.0|it's amazing that emma thompson can add things into a story which wasn't perfect for a jane austen novel and turn it into one of the loveliest movies i have ever watched. my mum, who's rather hard to please, was surprisingly pleased with it too.<BR>as said, i applaud the script, which i feel was much better paced than in the novel. the movie successfully shows the changing feelings marriane had for colonel brandon, unlike in the book. the scene where the colonel carried marriane home was so hauntingly beautiful, a distinct touch added to remind us the first time marriane was carried home in the rain by willoughby.<BR>the actors were all convincing in their parts. emma thompson (she waas really steady in her acting), alan rickman (he was marvellous! and i liked his character the most), kate winslet (she was refreshingly beautiful) and hugh grant (very sweet). <BR>the movie flowed real smoothly as well. i hardly felt that over 2 hours had passed.
B00005JKMO|3.0|Sure Will Smith gives probably the best acting performance of the year.  Sure Mann's direction gives the fight scenes -especially Ali's first against Liston, the opening scene - a thrill and immediacy missing from the Rocky flicks.  Sure \\"Ali\\" tries to tackle the issues of race in the tumultuous 60s and wants to depict Ali for what he was: a truly courageous and principled man, as well as a hot-head and egoist.  But the film ultimately fails.  Because you leave the theater asking yourself what you have learned about Muhammad Ali.  The answer?  Nothing.<br />What's wrong with the film?  First, it was over-ambitious.  Mann attempts to chronicle a very, very busy ten years.  If he had focused on a single theme - race and religion, say, or the entourage and the crazy goings on - perhaps it could have worked.  Instead, the movie jumps all over the place, first trying to depict a relationship with the elder Clay, then showing Ali's marital problems, then his relationship with Malcolm X, and so on and on.  As a result, Mann can't make any definitive statement about Ali, the times, the characters, the events.  It feels like a music video.  Empty.  Hollow.<br />Trying to cover material already depicted in a better film.  Why do the Foreman fight?  \\"When We Were Kings\\" is a million times better and covers the same fight, and only that fight!  That movie has everything \\"Ali\\" does not, Ali included!<br />All the great things left out.  The Floyd Patterson fight, when Ali fought maliciously and cruelly against an opponent who tried to appeal to the white mainstream.  Or the series of white fighters Ali demolished in defense of his crown after the second Liston fight.  Or the events leading up to the first Liston fight, the crazy stunts Cassius Clay pulled to get his name in the paper and infuriated the champion Liston to fight an under qualified young light heavyweight.<br />Too many characters.  Many of them don't play any part in adding to the film.  Who can say, based on themovie, what Ali's father was like?  Cus D'Amato?  Elijah Muhammad?  Elijah's son and Ali's manager, Herbert Muhammad?  The photographer friend, Howard Bingham?  Any of the wives?  Only a few roles really stick, Will Smith as Ali, Jamie Foxx as Bundini, and Jon Voight as Howard Cosell.  And based solely on these performances, I recommend the movie.<br />I wish Mann had concentrated on a narrower time frame.  The first Liston fight, for example.  And why not?  It had all the elements, the brash talking, the involvement with the Nation of Islam, the brilliant fighting.  All the elements that later drove Ali to reject the military.  But also all the contradictions in Ali's character, the egoism, the harsh anti-white talk, etc.<br />I give this thing 3 stars because of Will Smith.  Otherwise this movie is not great.  Will Smith deserves the Oscar!
0748662979|2.0|Read the sample pages on Amazon...the author obviously set himself the task of raising consciousness about life in Africa, specifically female life in Botswana.  His political purpose may be admirable but the writing is stiff, preachy, and ultimately uninteresting.  Not wretched, but a chore to read.  How many women refer to a prospective fiance in their most private thoughts as Mr. J. L. B. Jones?  'Nuff said.
B00005RIKD|5.0|Much has been made of the fact that this CD was recorded on September 11, 2001.  While some have argued that Sting should have stopped the performance, in fact, I am glad he did not.  The CD builds from Fragile, through 1000 Years, Perfect Love Gone Wrong, and All This Time.   As Hounds of Winter ends, the band starts to play a little bit louder on Don't Stand So Close To Me.  The feeling starts to gel through When We Dance and Dienda.  As Dylan and other have done before him, Sting reinvents some of this greatest hits.   Roxanne captures a lot of the angst in the original but sounds even more mournful.  (If You Love Somebody) Set Them Free displays the true joy of the lyrics.  By the time Sting performs Brand New Day, Fields of Gold, Moon Over Bourbon Street, If I Ever Lose My Faith In You and finished with Every Breath You Take, I am just in awe of how great the music feels.<br />An interesting sidenote (at least to me).  This is one CD that I like to listen to from the beginning through to the end.  I don't like to skip around the tunes at all because I have the sense that Sting was after something special in his song selection and order.
B00005JKHP|5.0|For many years, I have defended TMP, despite it's quirks.  In this new version, they've gone back and finished quite a few scenes, (&quot;finished,&quot; mind you, not &quot;destroyed&quot; . . . nothing as blasphemous as Greedo shooting first . . .)  All of the additions blend quite well with the existing footage, and there are lote of great extras and documentaries.  My favorite feature is Michael Okuda's running text commentary, which makes the occasional joke, and presents many interesting technical facts that will command the attention of film buffs and sci-fi geek alike.  I bought this purely for the documentary disc, but found myself watching the movie twice on the day I got it.  Ever sit through this film twice in one day?  You will now!
6305627401|4.0|If you like the TV series, you'll like this. Upon seeing a movie by Canadian comics Terrance and Phillip, the gang of four, Cartman, Stan, Kyle and Kenny, vastly increase the scope of their profanity. Kenny dies trying to copy a stunt from the movie -- lighting a fart -- and the story follows him to hell. There is the usual co-dependent relationship between Satan and Saddam Hussein. Will Satan never learn? The gang of four (now three) lead the way to more and more twisted profanity on the part of almost all the children of South Park. This naturally leads to war with Canada and potentially the end of the world. Where it all ends .... Well, watch the movie.
B000051VWW|5.0|This is Sade's most accomplished effort yet.  Lovers Rock reflects Sade's British upbringing with elements of reggae and house and mellifluous autobiographical lyrics.  Tracks like the silky smooth &quot;Flow&quot; and the poignant &quot;Immigrant&quot; make Sade's earlier work look almost gauche in comparison.  This is a seriously sensual, gorgeously rich but mellow album that needs a second, third, fourth and fifth listen before you'll fully appreciate its originality and beauty.   We've always known Sade was smoooooooth; here she proves she is also deep, original and multi-faceted.  One of my favourite albums ever.
6300182355|5.0|Ok, so it's a little campy, but sometimes it's fun to watch movies like this.  Especially when the sexy Timothy Dalton makes an appearance, or when the music is provided by one of the best 80's groups there was--Queen!  Ornella Muti is good too, so is Max Von Sydow as Ming.  In this sometimes serious world, you can always use a bit of fantasy, only this one takes place in Space, you know...sorta like \\"Star Trek\\" but not as cheesy!
B000001H3E|5.0|Well, where to start on this monumentus release? I first brought this album in 1993 and I was blown away by it. It starts with the fantastic intro 'Odens Ride Over Nordland' full of atmosphere, choir & horse noises, which really takes me away to another place, and reminds me of ancient times. This then blends effortlessly into 'A Fine Day To die'. You are lulled along by the soothing acoustic guitar and Quorthons crooned delivery, and then suddenly it hits you. Bah dar dadi-dar! You are awake! The massive crunching METAL riff takes over your speakers & the drums start to pound. This track is simply fantastic. Majestic, epic heavy/black metal at its best! By the time it has ended you want it to begin again, but then its on to 'The Golden Walls of Heaven'. This track smashes its way into you from the start and then doesn't let go until the end. The drumming is frantic & the guitars fast & heavy, with wild wailing solos, more death/thrash in overall sound that the previous 'Fine Day...'<BR>Then you are hit with 2 short sharp bursts of controlled aggression of 'Pace Til Death' & 'Holocaust'. Both superbly crafted, with the nice 'ner ner-ner ner ner-ner' whining riff at the start of 'Pace' (i think!) 'For All Those Who Died' starts off the second side of the album (I got this on tape first). A fantastic song, a cross perhaps, of 'Fine Day' & 'Golden Walls', keeping the speed, but sounding epic still. 'Dies Irae' is the next superb track, more than a little reminiscent of 'Golden Walls' perhaps (same fast beginning, and early solo) but none the worse for it. Then, last, but in no way least, the fantastic title track, and best song on the album 'Blood Fire Death'. This track simply oozes class from the acoustic guitar start, to the acoustic guitar/choir ending this really is msic at its very best. And of course it between sound of the best mid-paced pounding Epic Metal you are ever likely to hear in your brief existence! There is simply not a bad moment on this song, soaring guitars, the roared powerful & harsh vocals and wonderful softer middle section. This song almost defies belief it is that good! It never fails to impress me, and always lifts me when I feel a little bit down, you just cannot fail to be moved by the emotion of it. Blood Fire Death, the greatest song ever written. Blood Fire Death, the greatest album ever written. Blood Fire Death the movie... unfortunately not yet. Quorthon, you are a musical genius, your place in Valhalla in ensured! Hail!!!!
B00003CY0U|5.0|If I had gone to the video store with my boyfriend, I would have vetoed this movie.<br />As luck would have it, he had already rented it and thus he had to listen to me whine about how this movie got bombed by the critics.  Right before we started watching the movie, he reminded me I've liked a lot of movies that the critics have hated in the past.<br />I hate it when he's right!  You can add this movie to that list of movies that I ended up liking despite all the bad reviews.  First of all, let's get the pooh-pooh stuff out of the way.  Yes, the plot has holes in it.  Yes, Halle Berry's nude scene was VERY gratuitous as even an average moviegoer like me could tell that it was nudity for the sake of nudity with no purpose in the movie's plot.  But then again, one does not go to see action movies for plot, they go to see action and in that category, this movie delivers!<br />I loved that blow up scene!  I've never seen anything like it before.  That amazing bit of chaos is shown at the beginning of the movie and another view of it near the end of the movie.  That is one of two reasons to go see Swordfish if nothing else.<br />Hugh Jackman is the other reason to go see this movie.  After I saw this movie, I went to see Kate and Leopold ONLY because he was in that movie!  I wasn't too crazy about his hair-do in Swordfish and that's the most negative thing I can say about Hugh and the character he played. ( LOL)  He's a great actor and he played a very convincing hero.  A hero who just got out of prison?  Yup, he went to jail for stealing money so he could afford to get another trial to get custody of his daughter from his drugged out, child neglecting ex who is living with a porn filmmaker!  (What kind of Judge would allow a child to reside with a Porn King?)  Yes, he's the hero with the heart of gold and good intentions but less than virtuous people surround him and tempt him.  And he worms himself into every woman's heart with his vigilance to make sure that his daughter gets the life that she deserves.  Nothing warms my heart more than seeing a devoted father risking any and all for his child.<br />This movie got a hold of me from the very first scene and didn't let go until the end.  John Travolta looked cool as a cucumber through out the movie and was convincing enough as a too suave villian.  This movie is obviously no Oscar contender as most action films rarely ever are but if you're looking for a non-cerebral action movie to pump your blood, you'll be in good hands with Swordfish as it has plenty of action all around and Jack is easy on the eye for the women and Halle for the men.  It's definitely worth the rental price.ghter gets the life that she deserves.  Nothing warms my heart more than seeing a devoted father risking any and all for his child.<br />This movie got a hold of me from the very first scene and didn't let go until the end.  John Travolta looked cool as a cucumber through out the movie and was convincing enough as a too suave villian.  This movie is obviously no Oscar contender as most action films rarely ever are but if you're looking for a non-cerebral action movie to pump your blood, you'll be in good hands with Swordfish as it has plenty of action all around and Jack is easy on the eye for the women and Halle for the men.  It's definitely worth the rental price.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Yes, most of the music from the movie didn't actually make it to this CD... but &quot;Hindi sad diamonds&quot;, &quot;Come what may&quot; and &quot;Your song&quot; are reason enough to get this wonderful soundtrack.<br />Hopefully, in the 2nd CD (which should be released this february) we'll find Kylie Minogue's brief collaboration, along with &quot;The sound of music&quot;, &quot;Smells like teen spirit&quot; and &quot;like a virgin&quot;.<br />BTW, try to get the Aussie CD single for &quot;Come what may&quot;, it includes the film version, the Josh G. Abrahams remix (radio edit / lp version) and the instrumental version of the Elephant Love Medley.
B00005PJ8I|5.0|I gave this movie five stars because it deserves five stars. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Tom Hanks, who plays Chuck Noland, a FedEx expert and obsessed with time does an excellent job. I think that they picked the perfect actor to play the part, because Tom Hanks plays it well. Helen Hunt also one of my favorite actresses does a good job as well, although she isn't in it that much, when she is, she makes the movie even better. Both of them are very talented actors and have made this movie an instant success and I consider it the best movie of 2001.
0385505833|5.0|Absolutely wonderful!! My husband and son and I traveled from New Mexico to Grand Juction, Colo. for New Years and read this book aloud. Half of it on the way up and the other half on the way back. We found ourselves actually laughing out loud! The typical culdesac where everyone is into everyone elses business. Yea, for Luther, for trying to do something different,and trying to stick to it, for himself and his wife for their 1st Christmas together without their daughter. And thank goodness for all those neighbors that like to stick their noses in each other's business!!
B00004Z459|5.0|Wow.  I'm surprised at all the negative reviews on the main page.  But, the overall rating is 4 1/2, so that means lots of other people love it as much as I do.  This is a wonderful mix of different songs, and it's one of the only CDs I can listen to all the way through without skipping a song.  Wonderful!!  The only one I don't really care for is that Run Away song, but even with that it's only parts I don't like.  Anywho, it's a great CD, so buy it.  If you don't like it, sell it.  Who cares.  (Ahh!  I love the second to last song!!  Mr. Han!!!)
B00003CXTG|3.0|When this movie hit theaters, I avoided it like the plague... no, scratch that, I avoided it like Jerry Falwell carrying the plague. I tend to think of Michael Bay as the hell-spawned crack baby of Tony Scott and Renny Harlin, having all of the slick visual tricks of his parents, but none of the substance that might occasionally seep into their movies. \\"Armageddon\\" was \\"Top Gun\\" for the 90s. And I'm a Ben Affleck fan. When I rented this movie, I found it was no different from Bay's others: loud, flashy, and vacuous. But during the middle hour, the damndest thing happened: I actually became glued to my seat. This was no doubt due to the outstanding attack scenes, and the hardships of the young men in the Arizona. And to think, it only took the gross national product of a small country to recreate the real-life horrors that the survivors have been trying forever to forget. However much Bay wanted people to think that this was a memorial to the heroes of World War, I doubt that he added all that glitz and glamour for a more realistic portrayal as much as I doubt that Roland Emmerich made \\"Godzilla\\" to show the plight of all lizards.
0446678430|3.0|Clearly most contemporary Americans are spoiled rotten with the notion, and illusion of &quot;security&quot;- the whole get a good education, get a 'good job' (that one just makes me laugh), and save up in your 401K so that when you are 65 you won't have to work anymore. Financial Planners who used to refer to the 'three legs of the retirement stool as Pension, Savings, and Social Security are increasingly talking about a fourth leg- A second career.  That's right 40-50 years and more WORK! That's a fine plan for some, but if you're a bit more sensible, if you realize that you wake up every day in a free country, if you want to retire with enough money to do what you want, while you are still young enough to do it- then this book is a good read.  Just keep in mind that Robert sets out to impart principles, not &quot;how to&quot;.  I suspect there are many who will read this book who will at some point wish they'd applied the principles earlier in life.  There are a lot of retired folks who, if they are honest with you, will tell you that they wish they'd taken some more &quot;risks&quot; in life while they were young enough.  I suspect there are many who have found out too late that the biggest risk they ever took was depending only on their own labor, and some savings for their every need without ever using constructive leverage to achieve more.
B000059XYK|5.0|When I first saw this movie I was amazed not only by the ending but about all the tricks that they used to &quot;boost cars&quot;. Even though I'm not a big fan of Nicholas Cage, I am a fan of this movie. <BR>   Angelina Jolie, Giovanni Ribisi, and Robert Duvall also work wonders with the Movie. Memphis Raines (Cage) is a retired car theif who is brought out of retirement when his brother Kip(Ribisi) is in a lot of trouble. Placing his life, along w/ Kip's, Sway's (Jolie) and more to save his brother, but with the cops on their tails, can it be done?
B0000057CL|5.0|I've heard several of these pieces by others performers, and I can say that the performances here are the best. This CD begins with the great Leonin and Perotin, then goes on to shorter works, mostly vocal, all delightful and well-done. This is definitely a classic CD. It has yet to be improved upon. Munrow was a genius.
B00003CXXP|5.0|Call me unique but I liked the entire movie. I have been a sci-fi movie and book fan for well over 3 decades and I have been a computer programmer specializing in A.I. and electronics guru for over 20 years not to mention a robot fan and hobbyist. This movie hits dead on the types of issues we will be facing. If we have a problem with stem cell research and cloning how are we going to deal with creating machines that are self aware. Questions like, if you turn it off is it murder? Can a machine that believes in and loves God have a soul? Can we love a machine back if it loves us? We will be facing these questions in the next 20 to 50 years or so and I think this movie starts to scratch the surface. I like the ending because it suggests that even if we as a race are wiped out, our creations may continue on evolving and changing and may even someday look back on us and remember us fondly. Made in the image of the creator sounds strangely familiar! I like movies that make me think and as a techno geek I hate when Hollywood makes unbelievable leaps but in this case I don't see anything that's out of the question as a possible future scenario. For those interested in seeing just how we are coming on these technologies simply do a web search on Sony's AIBO or Honda's ASMOV. You can also purchase a i-Cybie right here on Amazon for very reasonable price. Today robot pets, tomorrow robot work force.
B00005K3NR|5.0|I was like her once.... Maybe that's why this movie is so heartbreaking for me to watch. Its whole buildup to the inevitable climax at the Bates High School prom is so expertly constructed out of plot devices, stellar character development, and amazing visual style that we are helplessly swept out to sea by the undertow of our love for the title character. Carrie White (flawless Sissy Spacek) is so wonderfully innocent and remarkably performed that we have no choice in the matter. We are like her prom date at first: Sort of iffy, but then we can't help but adore her. And we can't help but empathize with her because of this grotesque life that she is forced to lead by her pamphlet-pushing religious radical of a mother (the outstanding Piper Laurie). The scenes between the mother and daughter in this film are the key to its satirical elements, as well as giving us a crucial understanding of Carrie's mind. We know why she's so shy, so emotionally distraught, because we would be too in her situation. The very first scene between Spacek and Laurie is a virtuoso, not so much of acting as being the characters, embodying them so fully that all traces of the actresses disappear. They are the key to the entire film; that and Brian Depalma's incredible visuals, which inject every last bit of fear into our veins. Depalma comments on one of the DVD documentaries that he had more time to toy with the visuals in \\"Carrie\\" than in any other movie he made. It shows. His POV and incredibly detailed crane shots are why certain scenes work at all. By seeing what these characters see, it becomes easier to understand why they act the way they do. Some people might criticize for the excessive use of slow motion, calling it overkill, but it does volumes for the buildup to the climax, which is so powerful with its harsh, constant musical undertone that I dare call it one of the best, most disquieting scenes ever filmed. As Carrie's dark and ruthless use of her telekinetic powers practically rules her body as she wreaks havoc, if not for the sounds of the film itself, you could hear a pindrop every time I've watched the film with company.<br />The film begins with Carrie in the far corner of the screen, awaiting a volleyball toss that she will miss, provoking insults from the girls in her gym class. Then we are shown the locker room in what would have been an exploitation shot if not for the fact that the music and slow motion camerawork make it seem so beautiful. But we are also put on our guard because of this shot, which shows full frontal nudity; frowned upon in most corners of cinema. However it makes one thing clear: This is a director who will do anything. All the \\"Halloween\\" cliches are not to be found here. There are no cheap shocks. Everything is crafted with only the purpose of building tension, from the blood cascading down Carrie's leg in the shower to one of the single best crane shots I've ever seen, where our fears are allowed to build and build to the breaking point, only to have them build some more before the final purge. The parallel stories of a revenge plot and Carrie's being asked to the prom by the most popular guy in school take the film along at the exact pace it needs, and the intercut scenes with Carrie and her mother supply the emotional center for the film, which rests with our love for Carrie: A character so sweet and unassuming that the slow motion approach to the stage brings a smile to our faces too, even though we are terrified of what awaits her. Therein lies the power of the film. The more we love Carrie, the more we hate her antagonists and feel hurt that they would be so cruel.<br />\\"Carrie\\" is quite possibly the single most dramatically sound horror film ever made. It maps out its characters so vividly and realistically that we never question anyone's actions. There's none of those traditional \\"She's so stupid!\\" remarks you hear in so many a horror film audience. \\"Carrie\\" is the real deal. A film that builds an entire house made out of brittle cards of terror, stacking it up until it falls and our fears are realized. There are no scenes of ridiculous scares or people jumping out of the closets to scare their buddies. Depalma recognizes these kind of devices for what they are: Useless. His film is a superb example of how many ways a story can go right, and it is a masterpiece that I am proud to place very high on my list of favorite films.tire house made out of brittle cards of terror, stacking it up until it falls and our fears are realized. There are no scenes of ridiculous scares or people jumping out of the closets to scare their buddies. Depalma recognizes these kind of devices for what they are: Useless. His film is a superb example of how many ways a story can go right, and it is a masterpiece that I am proud to place very high on my list of favorite films.
0446608955|5.0|When someone gave me a copy of this book, at first I thought this is yet another teen love story. I was, of course, totally wrong.  It is a great book, and I would now recommend it to anyone without reservation.<br />The ending is unusual and in a way, interesting.  It shows Sparks' skills with literary devices.  He does not describe Jamie's death scene (And no, the book does not have Jamie holding Landon's hand as she died.  Don't know if the movie version has such a scene though.)  In fact, Sparks leaves some room to the reader's imagination as far as the ending goes.  The last line of the book is most interesting.  \\"But this is Okay, I smile slightly, looking toward the sky, knowing there's one thing I still Haven't told you: I now believe, by the way, that miracles can happen.\\"  What does he mean by that?  What's the \\"miracle\\" here?  Is he refering to his changed and transformed life?  Or Jamie's saintly character and life?  But he has already told us about them earlier in the book.  They can not be the \\"one thing that I still haven't told you.\\"  I think here, in a very clever and subtle way, Sparks leaves open the room of imagination and speculation that the miracle eagerly sought after in the earlier part of the book might have taken place - thus he now believes that miracles can happen, and that Jamie might not have died after all.  But had Sparks openly said so, the story would be too melodramatic, not to mention that most readers, with the exception of those who also believe in the miracles themselves, would question the believability of the story - after all, we are talking about the terminal case of Leukemia in 1959.  But on the other hand, had Sparks explicitly told us that Jamie died, which he didn't do by the way, especially if it comes with the death scene of Jamie holding Landon's hand; the story would be too conventional, too much like the teen version of Love Story - not to mention that it would take tremendous amount of effort on the writer's partto harmonize that kind of explicit ending with that cleverly hidden (yet always there) upbeat undercurrent that runs through the whole book.  I personally think Sparks take the best approach.  Instead of an explicit, conventional, (or melodramatic) ending, he drops subtle hints and uses the vague sentences that can be interpreted in more than one ways.  One of my favorites of this kind appears in the second last paragraph.  \\"I still love her, you see, and I've never removed my ring.  In all these years I've never felt the desire to do so.\\"  Obviously, this can be interpreted in several different ways.  Yes, I understand that some readers may feel the ending is confusing.  However, I think Sparks is very clever in leaving open the possibility for readers' imagination, interpretation, and speculation - (in a way, like Scarlet O'Hara's last line in \\"Gone with the wind\\".)  Just don't know how the movie can preserve this ambiguity though.<br />Anyway, this is a wonderful book.
B00005K3NR|5.0|I was like her once.... Maybe that's why this movie is so heartbreaking for me to watch. Its whole buildup to the inevitable climax at the Bates High School prom is so expertly constructed out of plot devices, stellar character development, and amazing visual style that we are helplessly swept out to sea by the undertow of our love for the title character. Carrie White (flawless Sissy Spacek) is so wonderfully innocent and remarkably performed that we have no choice in the matter. We are like her prom date at first: Sort of iffy, but then we can't help but adore her. And we can't help but empathize with her because of this grotesque life that she is forced to lead by her pamphlet-pushing religious radical of a mother (the outstanding Piper Laurie). The scenes between the mother and daughter in this film are the key to its satirical elements, as well as giving us a crucial understanding of Carrie's mind. We know why she's so shy, so emotionally distraught, because we would be too in her situation. The very first scene between Spacek and Laurie is a virtuoso, not so much of acting as being the characters, embodying them so fully that all traces of the actresses disappear. They are the key to the entire film; that and Brian Depalma's incredible visuals, which inject every last bit of fear into our veins. Depalma comments on one of the DVD documentaries that he had more time to toy with the visuals in \\"Carrie\\" than in any other movie he made. It shows. His POV and incredibly detailed crane shots are why certain scenes work at all. By seeing what these characters see, it becomes easier to understand why they act the way they do. Some people might criticize for the excessive use of slow motion, calling it overkill, but it does volumes for the buildup to the climax, which is so powerful with its harsh, constant musical undertone that I dare call it one of the best, most disquieting scenes ever filmed.<br />The film begins with Carrie in the far corner of the screen, awaiting a volleyball toss that she will miss, provoking insults from the girls in her gym class. Then we are shown the locker room in what would have been an exploitation shot if not for the fact that the music and slow motion camerawork make it seem so beautiful. But we are also put on our guard because of this shot, which shows full frontal nudity; frowned upon in most corners of cinema. However it makes one thing clear: This is a director who will do anything. All the \\"Halloween\\" cliches are not to be found here. There are no cheap shocks. Everything is crafted with only the purpose of building tension, from the blood cascading down Carrie's leg in the shower to one of the single best crane shots I've ever seen, where our fears are allowed to build and build to the breaking point, only to have them build some more before the final purge. The parallel stories of a revenge plot and Carrie's being asked to the prom by the most popular guy in school take the film along at the exact pace it needs, and the intercut scenes with Carrie and her mother supply the emotional center for the film, which rests with our love for Carrie: A character so sweet and unassuming that the slow motion approach to the stage brings a smile to our faces too, even though we are terrified of what awaits her. Therein lies the power of the film. The more we love Carrie, the more we hate her antagonists and feel hurt that they would be so cruel.<br />\\"Carrie\\" is quite possibly the single most dramatically sound horror film ever made. It maps out its characters so vividly and realistically that we never question anyone's actions. There's none of those traditional \\"She's so stupid!\\" remarks you hear in so many a horror film audience. \\"Carrie\\" is the real deal. A film that builds an entire house made out of brittle cards of terror, stacking it up until it falls and our fears are realized. There are no scenes of ridiculous scares or people jumping out of the closets to scare their buddies. Depalma recognizes these kind of devices for what they are: Useless. His film is a superb example of how many ways a story can go right, and it is a masterpiece that I am proud to place very high on my list of favorite films.
0823003035|5.0|If you are looking for an introductory book to ease you into being a whiz in life class, this is not it.<br />The techniques described are time-consuming and require a steady eye and hand - not something the average beginner has a lot of, with five or twenty minute poses and a wobbly easel.<br />But if you can get a model to hold the same pose for hours, possibly over several sessions, and you have some experience in figure drawing, then you may find this book extremely valuable.<br />Anthony Ryder talks the reader through the techniques, step by detailed step, aiming for understanding rather than slavish repetition. His method is logical and elegant, and if understood and practised, may result in some extremely good drawings.<br />Don't expect overnight success, however - there is a lot that is required before you can even start with this book. You'll need to know basic techniques with your media, be able to judge angles and proportions, have a good understanding of anatomy, and probably be able to handle a model in adopting the same pose session after session.<br />There is a good reason why most of the drawings in this book are of reclining models. Standing poses simply cannot be held for the amount of time it takes to achieve the same results. You'll need at least half an hour just to achieve the basic outline, probably more.<br />But having said all of the above, I must now state that this book is proof positive that Ryder's techniques work, are reproducible and can result in images of stunning beauty.<br />You still have to select a model and a pose, and this is another basic skill required, but Ryder is obviously a master at this, and the book is filled with drawings of the nude that are simply breathtaking in their beauty. Model, pose, arrangement and execution are all perfect. Classically elegant.<br />This is a book that rewards the eye as much as the mind, and it is a feast for both. If you aspire to greatness in your figure drawing, then buy this book, study it, and apply the lessons.<br />Recommended for artists of moderate experience. Highly recommended.
B00005614N|5.0|This is a wonderful collaboration between two of the most influencial musicians of the 20th century. If you want to learn about Jazz, this is a good CD to have. I am always knocked out when I listen to how Duke uses musical space with Armstrong's sound; it is a brilliant example of old school Jazz and a most modern musical sense of Jazz combined.
B00001NFCY|5.0|NEVER EVER THOUGHT there next album would be even close as good as the first.  But they Over exceeded my expectations.  Their best cd yet.
B00005RFQ5|4.0|Musically, Prince's new religious outlook has produced his best album in years.  He's experimenting with gospel and jazz, and is back to his original, fun-to-listen-to self.  Unlike many Prince albums, you can listen to the whole thing without skipping one or two tracks.     The theme of the album is pretty wierd, though.  I'm not sure what religion Prince has become (Jehovah's Witness?), but the themes from the album are very Old Testament-influenced Christian.      Prince's parable goes like this: (If you don't believe me, read the lyric sheet end-to-end).  The album tells the story of two competing peoples, \\"The Rainbow Children\\" and \\"The Banished Ones\\".  The Banished Ones are decendants of the first woman, who was seduced by Satan, who knew that the first man was too close to God to corrupt.  As a result, she and her decendants were banished and spent the rest of history taking advantage of the Rainbow Children by \\"demanding compensation\\" and building a \\"digital garden\\".  Ultimately, the Rainbow Children \\"deconstruct the digital garden\\" and the Banished Ones are gone for good.     I know Prince isn't calling to lynch whitey, but his lyrics suggest that he has taken his bad experiences with Warner Brothers and its executives and reduced them to something racial.  Forget the song where he argues that slavery is worse than the holocaust.  Instead, look for the spoken word piece where he argues that black people need to unite with people of color and indiginous people to form \\"the Rainbow Children\\" - after that, they will realize that they are a \\"majority, not a minority\\" and that the people who remain (presumably white people) will have to be \\"banished\\" because their \\"nature is resistance\\" to a fair society.  Or listen to \\"family name\\", where the bad people who don't understand slavery are named Rosenbloom, Pearlman, and Goldstruck.  I'm sure Prince doesn't hate Jews or white people, but the fixation is a little wierd.
B00001ODHJ|4.0|best part of the movie:  zombie woman: &quot;you once found me attractive&quot;  ash: &quot;well, honey, you got real ugly&quot;
B00003CXTG|3.0|I've just watched it and while I don't think Pearl Harbor is nearly as bad as some reviewers do I do think the producers tried to put too much into it. For your time spent viewing it you get a long build up towards what could be called the title segment (for a movie named Pearl Harbor not much of it occured there)followed by what could almost be termed a chunk of another movie entirely (Dolittle's raid on Tokyo). I also thought that the romance angle seemed to almost be another story by itself. Pearl Harbor has some great battle sequences, maybe the best I've seen, and for romance, well, it has that too but I wish things had somehow been handled differently. Buy it for a good idea of what the attack itself might've been like but don't plan on finding it to be a really great movie.
B000002WYT|3.0|This CD is very interesting to me, an alternative/hard rock fan who decided to give DMB a try with this CD, CRASH. The disc contains 12 songs that are very different, and most of them I either love or completely hate. In the end, there is enough good material to balance out the bad, but it's not good enough for me to call it a great CD.<br />The first group of songs are the popular &quot;jazzy&quot; singles... this includes:<BR>&quot;So Much To Say&quot;<BR>&quot;Too Much&quot;<BR>&quot;Tripping Billies&quot;<br />These are very entertaining, albeit not my favorite style. Even though I normally listen to pounding guitars, I find these to have good enough melodies and interesting enough vocals to enjoy. Generally, these are the widely-appealing songs that few people will hate.<br />Then there's the biggest hit on the CD... &quot;Crash Into Me,&quot; which pretty much anyone who listens to modern radio has heard multiple times. An interesting love song (although pretty extreme/exaggerated lyrics), and a VERY good, yet simple melody. This is the one song you are guaranteed to enjoy.<br />After the four songs I mentioned above, we're left with the non-hits that you haven't heard on the radio. How do they fare? Well, of the remaining eight tracks, three are worth listening to, IMO. Here they are...<br />&quot;Drive In, Drive Out&quot; - a kind of crazy song with a good melody and not very soft, which I like. Not an excellent or well-written song, but entertaining, at least for a few listens.<br />&quot;Cry Freedom&quot; - my favorite song on the CD, yet it's one of the softest. The lyrics are very deep and I believe Dave put some real effort into this song. But the most important thing is the INCREDIBLE melody that accompannies the lyrics! I have listened to this song way more than any of the singles. If you don't plan on buying this CD, be sure to download this song from Morpheus or AudioGalaxy.<br />&quot;#41&quot; - a relaxing song that's not too mushy and soft. Not something I want to hear every day, but on occasions it's not bad.<br />After these, we get to the less-than-enjoyable songs. They range from slightly boring to horridly mushy and disgusting (IMO).<br />&quot;Two Step&quot; - it's not bad, but it loses my attention pretty quickly. By no means is it a sin to include this song, but it sounds kind of like filler to me.<br />&quot;Say Goodbye&quot; - another boring one that gets on my nerves slightly. A little &quot;worse&quot; than &quot;Two Step,&quot; but some may enjoy it.<br />&quot;Let You Down&quot; - now it's getting bad. REALLY bad. I can feel vomit churning in my stomach as I listen to this mushy song. It doesn't have the charm or good melody that &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; features, which only makes it worse.<br />&quot;Lie In Our Graves&quot; - another example of decent lyrics but just no good melody or music to back it up. The music just doesn't keep my attention.<br />&quot;Proudest Monkey&quot; - mediocre music combined with absurd lyrics that make no sense (maybe in some &quot;artsy&quot; way that I don't &quot;appreciate&quot;). End result... disposable ending track. May as well turn it off after &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; to avoid this song.<br />In the end, I find that this CD is worth buying for some. If you enjoy jazz and soft music in addition to rock, this will probably please you a lot more than me. If you are like me and enjoy alt-rock, you may like some of the songs, but not find it to be thrilling. If you are a complete metalhead, don't even consider buying it!
B00005TT77|4.0|I've been a Beatles fan for about 30 plus years, so I was hesitant to buy this CD because I never thought a cover could ever match the original.  I must say, however, that I was pleasantly surprised.  The songs are not changed too significantly, and it was refreshing to hear new interpretations of some of the best music ever written.  I've listened to it about 5 times now, and find it was well worth the money I paid for it.
B000002JSN|5.0|Yeah, an incredible album, stunning- every zep album is good, most of them are even this good, but this one is so frigging long- <BR>custard pie- a great blues hard rocker<br />rover- another crushingly loud, yet amazing song<br />in my time of dying- great song, i dont care what anyone says- if you give it a chance, eventually you will like it, it may take a while though to appreciate the fullness of this extended hard rock jam<br />houses of the holy- one of their best- great, happy, poppy- killler riff<br />trampled underfoot- some of john pauls best keyboard work<br />kashmir- overrated, but still very original and a great song<br />in the light- if you want great metal combined with an atmospheric, druggy heroinic feel, this is the song, really their most underrated song- it so damn good<br />bron yr aur- a beautifully poignant piece of acoustic work from page<br />down by the seaside- led zeppelin country- reminiscent of led III- an incredible song, with great drumming<br />ten years gone- one of zep's saddest and poetic songs ever<br />night flight- great song with interesting organ- takes a while to like though<br />wanton song- this song, and black country woman, took me the longest to appreciate- i always avoided them, but the wnaton song is zep at their booziest and sleaziest, in a good way that is<br />boogie with stu is a rollicking tune, somewhat goofy but still great piano<br />black counrty woman- good acoustic blues<br />sick again- the crowning achievement of the album- kille beat, killer riff, a killer bad ass song- leave it to zep to end their albums with the best every time
0060934700|5.0|Neglect not the introduction. If you do, you'll miss *so* many wonderful things. The stories proceed from the lighthearted but slightly weird to the seriously disturbing and utterly insane. If you get drawn into what you read, this one will twist your brain, and things will be very surreal for a few hours after. I do not recommend reading this right before bed, nor before or after consuming mind-altering substances (this book is one massive trip by itself).
B000001EAQ|5.0|While not the best U2 album, it will be remembered as one of the finer of U2's moments.It is a lot more upbeat than, say, The Joshua Tree, and it sets the pace at the start with the first single Discotheque,which competes for the title of The Edge's best solo.Then comes the stunning Do You Feel Loved, another lively tune with some amazing vocals from Bono.MOFO steps up next, and if you own any of U2's albums this will shock you.With its dance beat and funky vocals it's as close as U2 will ever get to a dance track!It then slows down for a while with If God Will Send His Angels blasts back in with Staring At The Sun and knocks you out with the classic Gone (voted best song on the album by U2.com).Then comes the only down point of the album.Miami.This rushed track just feels out of place with whiny vocals and terrible backing music.Thank god for the redeeming The Playboy Mansion.This excellent guitar track with clever lyrics and great vocals is awe inspiring.The last three tracks are possibly the pinnacle of the album.If You Wear That Velvet Dress is slow,sensual and stunning.There's no other word but stunning!Then comes Please with The Edge's excellent guitar and then Wake Up Dead Man,the last track on an amazing album.This album of course prompted the infamous POPMART tour, which became known for its extravagance.The album was also criticized by a lot of people and made me initially wary of purchasing it, but my decision has been rewarded.
0380789019|5.0|The greatness of Mr. Gaiman cannot begin to be put into mere words. This book is fantastic, imaginative, creepy, thrilling, I could go on forever. He somehow manages to be dark and funny simultaneously. You must read this book.
B00005QXXO|4.0|Personally speaking, i'm a HUGE radiohead fan. I own a ton of their singles, just to get rare b-sides. If you're one of those people who just HAS to get their hands on EVERY radiohead song ever, this is definitely worth the buy. Granted, there's only one new song on the cd, but still worth it.  After seeing them live at the Shoreline Amphitheater, I can definitely say this captures that live feel (especially the part where Thom freaks out when he's saying \\"ice age coming! ice age coming!\\").
B00004Z459|4.0|Alright after seeing their first video for \\"One Step Closer\\" I thought this band was just the cheeziest...I have ever seen.  So that was it...Linkin Park was known by me as a corny band (and no I won't say korny).  You can't blame me for having these opinions even though I only heard one song.  One song was good enough and to make things work, the video was cheezy as hell.<br />Then...I heard \\"Crawling\\" and let me tell you, I was actually impressed.  The song was really good and the video was far better then their first.  \\"In the End\\" came out and I was again impressed with both the song and the video.  So I thought to myself, maybe I was a little too harsh on them.  Asked one of my friends to borrow the cd and I went from hating this band to really liking them.  Songs like \\"Paper cut\\", \\"Mr. Hahn\\", \\"My December\\", and especially \\"Points of Authority\\" really impressed me.<br />So maybe all you haters better realize that you might be \\"over-hating\\".  Just because they show up on MTV a lot doesn't mean their sell outs.  Although MTV really just got to stop over playing videos (period ->).  Probably why Radiohead is still my all time favorite band.  They don't get overplayed by nothing else but my head.  I give this Linkin Park album a well deserving 4/5 stars.
B00005QXXO|4.0|Personally speaking, i'm a HUGE radiohead fan. I own a ton of their singles, just to get rare b-sides. If you're one of those people who just HAS to get their hands on EVERY radiohead song ever, this is definitely worth the buy. Granted, there's only one new song on the cd, but still worth it.  After seeing them live at the Shoreline Amphitheater, I can definitely say this captures that live feel (especially the part where Thom freaks out when he's saying \\"ice age coming! ice age coming!\\").
6304428928|5.0|Rain Man is such a well acted movie with a great story and great ending and superior acting. This movie is such a classic and will live on for years as one the best movies. Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman give there greatest performances in there careers. It is a very inspiring great movie and you can not find a movie like this around much anymore. Rain Man deserves 10 stars!
B000001ES9|2.0|Back in the beginning, before they were the rock idols that they are now known as, RUSH, wasnt' all that great, or good for that matter.  Coming off as ZEPPLIN want to be's, this group was a long way from sounding the way they do now.  Guitars screaming, Geddy screaming, and I'm screaming, to a hard rocking cd, with some good songs.  But for the most part it comes up short.  Finding My Way, is by far the best song on the cd.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is the best album I bought in  a very long time. I was initially attracted to the album by &quot;Yellow&quot; and &quot;Trouble&quot;, two songs that get a moderate amount of air time &quot;KROQ&quot; in Los Angeles, but I those songs are really just the tip of the iceberg.  I recently had a very long airplane flight and listened to the entire album several times, and it is truly inspiring.  If you like, for instance, the Counting Crows or even something a little older like Nick Drake, I would highly recommend that you buy this album
0786915749|3.0|Back in my days of playing the pencil&paper version of AD&D you always had two kinds of players:<br />1) The players that just ran into everything killing and asking questions later (lots of action)<br />2)The other extreme of those that wanted to think everything through leading to an hour discussion just to make one single decision.<br />This book was like the first group of players. Lots of action but it lacked the balance of thinking things through or a true build up of suspsense.<br />Every character (and it felt like \\"every\\" one of them)had a level of pride to the point of everyone was wanting to fight whenever they felt slightly insulted. Each scene seemed a repeat of the previous one, where one would get offended the it would require a comrade having to hold them back...this got tiring after a while.<br />If the authors were really trying to portray such prideful characters realistically then the story would not logically have progressed because of so many egos at work and no decisions being made.<br />Good thing for us the authors take some obvious sterotypes and just keep them moving whether we believe they would or not.<br />There was some good comic relief and the story had all the other facets of a D&D adventure:<br />1) several races and the prejudices built up between races<br />2) lots of different locals to visit<br />3) high adventure, magic and dragons<br />So if you want something that doesn't stop to take a breath and let you ask yourself \\"Is this plausible\\" then this book is for you.<br />Don't get me wrong I'm more action oriented myself so I enjoyed the book enough that I'm going to read the next one.<br />I just feel that if you want a truely sweeping saga of a story then try the Riftwar saga by Raymond E. Fiest which starts off in the first book, \\"Magician: Apprentice\\"; or Barbara Hambly's Darwarth series starting off in, \\"The Time of the Dark\\".
0893860220|5.0|Nisargadutta Maharaj has given simple answers to Eternal Questions faced by mankind like, &quot;Who Am I?&quot; &quot;What is the meaning of life?&quot; &quot;What is the true way?&quot; <BR>The book certainly provokes the reader towards the answers of these puzzling questions. The &quot;methods&quot; which he has shown to reach the answers of these questions are amazingly simple as they are &quot;no-methods&quot;. The Maharaj simply helps bring our awareness to right answers. Once read and understood, this book is sure to change one's perception towards life. His way of explaining the rather esoteric concepts like witnessing, awareness and consciousness, desirelessnees, purpose of life, present moment, etc. is very clear and simple. <BR>The Maharaj says &quot; The seeker is he who is in search of himself&quot;.<BR>I therefore strongly feel that anybody who is interested in seeking him self/her self must have this book on his/her bookshelf to refer to  more than often.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Hero is betrayed, but gets his vengeance in the end. Its a simple plot, brilliantly executed. I liked the way Russell Crowe played the character - subtle strength and determination. But I suppose everyone knows that by now.<br />The emperor, on the other hand, was also acted well. One could sense the cunning behind the eyes, and his ephemeral whims spoke of a psychotic demon. A man to be feared and despised for his weak-willed nature.<br />Would this movie have gone any better without the last victim?
B00003CXXJ|4.0|This movie is made for those tired of the same old fairy tale story. In fact, it makes fun of all those Disney movies even though most of the inspiration for this film come from them. Shrek is a funny movie but it is not a children's movie as some of the dialog and story lines falls into a more adult kind of humor but without being obscene. <br />Overall the film is entretaining and fun. The character animation is truly amazing as movements and speach are very belivable. The DVD set comes with extras that are both interesting and fun to watch.
B00003CXXS|4.0|Part 1 in the JP series was my absolute favorite--part 2 was my least favorite--they seemed to have gotten off track.  But, I think they made a comeback with part 3. Of course, some of the main characters such as Sam Neill and LAura Dern are back from the first installment. I also like Tea Leoni in this movie--she did a great job. Her son gets lost on an island while parasailing with his biological father. They hire people (Sam Neill among them) to  help them search this dinosaur-filled island.  It's been quite a few years since they saw him last, but they know he's alive. Of course they run into some problems with the dinosaurs, but nothing Sam can't handle--right? If you liked part 1, you will like this movie.
0140120416|4.0|The main strength of this book is its completeness. By using this book alone it is possible to obtain a good understanding of basic Russian. No other reference is necessary, thus for a single volume course this has no equal. By any standards this is a good book.<br />There are weaknesses. Dependent on your point of view, the focus on an academic type course of instruction with rigorous grammar might not appeal to some (and attract others), as stated in the introduction, one of the books objectives is to bring the reader up to UK 'A' Level standard (Roughly equivalent to the first two years of an American College course). This isn't one of those 'jaunty' conversational type courses, as reflected perhaps in the lack of an audio medium such as a CD or Cassette being available.<br />I'd recommend this book to Russian Students and those wanting a sound academic grounding in Russian. For those whom wish to just converse in basic Russian (lets say for a tourist or business trip) it may be better to look at other courses that are combined with an Audio package.<br />However if you have additional access to a Russian speaker or are based in Russia I'd not hesitate to recommend this book as your first choice of instruction.<br />Again, as a single volume, and if I could have only one Russian book this would be it. No question about it.<br />For those reasons I'd give it 5 starts for a self-contained course, 4 stars for an academic instructional course, and 2 stars if you just want a quick intro to conversational Russian.
B00003CXZ1|4.0|This movie was excellent...good story line and great action.  Angelina Jolie did a great job portraying Lara Croft and I was really impressed by her accent--it was totally believable. The scenes with her father(who, by the way,is her father in real life) were very touching.  For those who enjoy the 'Tomb Raider' video games, you won't be disappointed in this movie.  Also, if you like action--this is a must-see!
0140120416|4.0|The main strength of this book is its completeness. By using this book alone it is possible to obtain a good understanding of basic Russian. No other reference is necessary, thus for a single volume course this has no equal. By any standards this is a good book.<br />There are weaknesses. Dependent on your point of view, the focus on an academic type course of instruction with rigorous grammar might not appeal to some (and attract others), as stated in the introduction, one of the books objectives is to bring the reader up to UK 'A' Level standard (Roughly equivalent to the first two years of an American College course). This isn't one of those 'jaunty' conversational type courses, as reflected perhaps in the lack of an audio medium such as a CD or Cassette being available.<br />I'd recommend this book to Russian Students and those wanting a sound academic grounding in Russian. For those whom wish to just converse in basic Russian (lets say for a tourist or business trip) it may be better to look at other courses that are combined with an Audio package.<br />However if you have additional access to a Russian speaker or are based in Russia I'd not hesitate to recommend this book as your first choice of instruction.<br />Again, as a single volume, and if I could have only one Russian book this would be it. No question about it.<br />For those reasons I'd give it 5 starts for a self-contained course, 4 stars for an academic instructional course, and 2 stars if you just want a quick intro to conversational Russian.
055321263X|4.0|Wilkie Collins was one of the poineers in the detective, suspence and thriller fiction genre. His private life was as interesting and reflective of his books; bosom buddies with Dickens turned relative when his brother married Dickens<BR>daughter, drank opium by the wine glass, never married but maintained two mistresses at the same time. Unfortunatley<BR>not as well known as Dickens, i discovered him by chance.<BR>A true treat for any kind of reader.Wilkie Collins great art of aesthetically creating the ambience of suspence and mystery through the unparalleled simplicity and exuberance of words is subliminal.The book is adorned with an extremely interesting set of characters Count Fosco was my favourite for his shrewdness and Mr Fairle for his vanity as  described by Wilkie. The individual nature of characters is well developed to the point that the reader can really feel it.Wilkie son of a drawing master himself did not write the words but seems as if he painted them for the reader can so easily see the entire story vividly unfold as one turns the pages.I can imagine the popularity of this book in Victorian times and the influence of it on Wilkie himself, after all Wilkie Collins had the name of this book inscribed on his tombstone ,'Here lies the author of Woman in White'.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Tom Cruise has once again captured the minds of his fans. The only problem was all the face-changing, you couldn't really tell when they were real and when they were wearing a mask. Action-wise, this film could possibly be better than the previous Mission Impossible, with great effects, and many great points.
B00005Q4CS|4.0|If you have good taste in film making, after watching this movie you will think Darren Aronosky is a genius. There aren't words to describe this movie but just one, &quot;Brilliant&quot;.
B00003CXXR|2.0|Would somebody tell me what one Gods Green Earth this was. This can't be the third installment in this series! Jurassic Park III is a dissapointment on many fronts.<br />There was nothing that broke any new grounds like the first two movies did. This movie is a poor follow-up to the the first J. Park movie and the Lost World. In fact I almost felt cheated when I spent eight dollars on a ticket to go see this movie. Everything that was on the second movie was here but this movie is so predictable. It's almost like watching a scrapped version of the original movie. As a fan of the first two Jurassic Park Movies this was a bitter pill to swallow. So cheap, so predictable, thrown together in like 20 minutes, is a few things I can say about this disaster sequel. Major dissapointment.<br />Oh Well. I guess I'll wait another four years for the fourth one.
0525946284|5.0|This was a great read - one of those books you can't wait to see how it ends yet don't want it to end because you're enjoying it so much.  We love WW II novels and haven't had a good one in years.  It moved along beautifully.  Highly recommended!
0140177396|4.0|Of mice and men is a nice and short book. This book is about two men George Milton and Lennie Small. Throughout the book, George and Lennie have many conflicts with each other and other characters. This book as about survival of the fittest, the weak die off and only the strong and capable survive. The conflicts George and Lennie encounter are all people with unique traits. In a sense this is also a book about a conflict between different people with different traits. I enjoyed this book because it's a simple book about common men. Almost anyone can relate to the characters in this book, which gives this book worthwhile to read. I recommend this book to anyone looking for book that they can really relate to themselves.
B00005JKQX|5.0|My husband and I see a lot of movies,<br />and we have very divergent tastes, but<br />after seeing this film for the first<br />time we were blown away and agreed that<br />it was the best film either of us had<br />ever seen. Russell Crowe performance<br />was brilliant, the story was powerful,<br />human, absorbing, astounding and as big<br />as the starry night sky Crowe's character<br />reveals to Jennifer Connelly's.
0385334176|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is a master of observation and relation.  This novel, Deadeye Dick, tells the tale of Rudy Waltz, who loses his innocence at a young age and struggles to get a grip on life.  He is detached from life, and Vonnegut writes Rudy's struggle with such peircing honesty and clarity that you can't help but feel for Rudy.  He finds you in Rudy Waltz - there's a little bit in here that we've all been through.  Dusted with some quirky, often ironic humor here and there, Deadeye Dick is a touching novel and vastly under-appreciated.
6305922748|5.0|This is one of the funniest parodies of all time. Spinal Tap is SO good, in fact, that you can turn to VH1 after watching it, and bust a gut laughing at the REAL rockumentaries! If you think I'm exaggerating, try &quot;The History of the World: Part IV: The Metal Years&quot;. It's a REAL rockumentary, but after watching Spinal Tap, it'll have you in stitches.
0385505833|1.0|This book is best skipped!  What a disappointment.  I've read every book John Grisham has written and know that he is a fine story teller, so I'm wondering what happened to this one? It was boringly predictable and very disappointing.  I hope his next effort lives up to his talent!
B00005JKHP|4.0|I always had mixed feelings about this movie.  There are certain elements - visuals of V'ger, the gorgeous new Enterprise, the wormhole sequence, and Jerry Goldsmith's fantastic score - that give me chills with each successive viewing.  There are also flaws that make me wonder how a director as good as Robert Wise would ever let his name get stamped on the credits.<br />Star Trek - The Motion Picture: The Director's Cut doesn't fix all of the original film's flaws.  The uniforms still look like pajamas.  Shatner's rug still moves up and down his forehead from scene to scene.  Much of the acting remains uninspired.  Nevertheless, this DVD repairs many of the technical gaffes and is a vast improvement over any version of the film you've ever seen.  It's enough of an improvement in my mind to move it from next to last on the list of Trek movies (just above the awful Star Trek V) to second best (behind Wrath of Khan).<br />Probably the most welcome additions are the new special effects.  Notable are the full exterior view of the V'ger ship, the plasma weapon vanishing just meters from striking the Enterprise, and the gradual formation of the stone walkway from the ship to V'ger's brain cell.  The next thing that stood out to me was the new sound mix.  Listen carefully during all the bridge scenes - you'll hear some of the familiar beeps and chirps from the original series.  Finally, the commentary provided by the film's crew and cast provides a wealth of knowledge and an appreciation for the ridiculous time cruch Robert Wise was under to complete the film.<br />Added footage and commentary notwithstanding, this film is basically what it was before.  If you thought Star Trek - The Motion Picture was a turkey before this DVD, chances are you still will.  If you're like me and you always had some affection for the film, despite it's flaws, The Director's Cut will be a rewarding experience for you.
B00003CX6P|4.0|Mistaken for a Princeton graduate whilst wearing a borrowed blazer, the low born New York charmer, Tom Ripley (Matt Damon), is dispatched by rich businessman Herbert Greenleaf (James Rebhorn), to travel first class on an all-expenses-paid mission, to bring his errant young playboy son, Dickie (Jude Law), back to New York from his champagne and party filled life on the Mediterranean. However, on meeting the handsome and charismatic Dickie (and his equally attractive girlfriend), the awestruck Tom falls for his charms and an ambiguous relationship begins. Tom, the social chameleon who has talents for forgery and impersonation, feeling that he cannot enter this world as himself begins to transform his identity, by learning new skills, studying jazz, art, geography and foreign languages. He not only changes his clothes he also changes his character. Meanwhile the innocent and trusting Meredith (Cate Blanchett) who met Tom on his arrival in Europe accepts Tom as an equal because she thinks he is Dickie Greenleaf. But all is not well in the playground of the rich, for Dickie is in turns as unpleasant and rude as he is debonair and charming, and soon he and his rich friends begin to tire of the financially inferior and all too clingy Tom, who has no intention of being cast adrift, for it is his belief that \\"its better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody\\"...<br />The Talented Mr Ripley subtly portrays the hedonistic lifestyle of rich, young Americans in the 1950's. In the movie, Tom is less the casebook amoral psychopath of the novel and more a victim of class in his desire to be like the rich but cruel Dickie and Freddie. The film is, however, anything but simple and only about an hour in does the film become anything approaching an orthodox thriller. You are kept hooked throughout as we guess at Tom's motives..., which is at best ambiguous. We observe the mercurial Dickie toy with his affections, whilst Dickie's girlfriend Marge (Gwyneth Paltrow), aware of Dickie's weaknesses, looks on.<br />Although fans of the novel may be unhappy with the liberties taken with both the plot and the characters from Patricia Highsmiths novel, most people will agree that Anthony Minghella has done an excellent job in imaginatively and successfully bringing The Talented Mr Ripley to the big screen. Not only does he direct this excellent and very intelligent thriller with a sure and subtle touch but he perfectly captures the beauty of the mediteranean, as the movie moves from one spectacular venue to another; from San Remo to Naples, Rome, and Venice. It also stars a top notch and perfectly cast array of the worlds finest young actors, including Matt Damon (Good Will Hunting), Gwyneth Paltrow (Shakespeare In Love), Jude Law (A.I.), as well as Philip Seymour Hoffman (Happiness) and Cate Blanchette (Elizabeth), all on top form. Damon's Ripley is an odd figure, his cumbersome awkwardness contrasting perfectly with Jude Law's cool and casual arrogance as Dickie Greenleaf, lolling around on his Riviera deck-chair as if the world owes him a living. And, although Matt Damon is truly outstanding, it is Jude Law's Oscar-nominated turn and Hoffman's brilliantly obnoxious performance as an ugly-rich American that come close to stealing the movie.<br />There are many unforgettable moments, in this beautifully crafted movie that Hitchcock would be proud of, as Tom struggles to maintain his dual identity. More dramatically satisfying than The English Patient, The Talented Mr Ripley is an intelligent film, carefully cast and immaculately performed. Highly recommended this for people who love suspense and prefer to watch movies that come with an IQ!!!eaknesses, looks on. <br />Although fans of the novel may be unhappy with the liberties taken with both the plot and the characters from Patricia Highsmiths novel, most people will agree that Anthony Minghella has done an excellent job in imaginatively and successfully bringing The Talented Mr Ripley to the big screen. Not only does he direct this excellent and very intelligent thriller with a sure and subtle touch but he perfectly captures the beauty of the mediteranean, as the movie moves from one spectacular venue to another; from San Remo to Naples, Rome, and Venice. It also stars a top notch and perfectly cast array of the worlds finest young actors, including Matt Damon (Good Will Hunting), Gwyneth Paltrow (Shakespeare In Love), Jude Law (A.I.), as well as Philip Seymour Hoffman (Happiness) and Cate Blanchette (Elizabeth), all on top form. Damon's Ripley is an odd figure, his cumbersome awkwardness contrasting perfectly with Jude Law's cool and casual arrogance as Dickie Greenleaf, lolling around on his Riviera deck-chair as if the world owes him a living. And, although Matt Damon is truly outstanding, it is Jude Law's Oscar-nominated turn and Hoffman's brilliantly obnoxious performance as an ugly-rich American that come close to stealing the movie. <br />There are many unforgettable moments, in this beautifully crafted movie that Hitchcock would be proud of, as Tom struggles to maintain his dual identity. More dramatically satisfying than The English Patient, The Talented Mr Ripley is an intelligent film, carefully cast and immaculately performed. Highly recommended this for people who love suspense and prefer to watch movies that come with an IQ!!!
B00005QCVY|5.0|I expect you have seen this before and just want a copy to own. If you haven't seen it, you will be told it is a somewhat sentimental tale of how a man discovers what other people's lives could have been like if he had never lived, courtesy of an angel. But this is not quite right. There is a small amount of sentiment in the film, and it may well leave you teary eyed, but that isn't the whole story. The first three-quarters of the film are spent building the story of George's life from childhood to mid-forties, showing how he met his wife, helped save the family business, the town, and his brother's life along the way. There are moments here when Stewart shows his full acting range, with the kind-hearted character he usually plays prone to moments of anger, impatience and cruelty. This is not a fairy-tale for Christmas, this is real life, otherwise why would George feel so wretched that he would want to kill himself. Notably the villain of the piece goes unpunished at the end of this film, a far cry from a cosy morality tale, and again more like real life.<br />But it is perhaps the last half hour which is prominent in most people's minds, the charming apprentice angel Clarence only has a quarter of the screen time yet is remembered as fondly as Stewart himself by many viewers. This is one to watch every Christmas. Just like A Christmas Carol, it never gets old and I am sure that new generations will fall under its spell just as we have.<br />The DVD contains a good quality re-master, with two rather short, but interesting documentaries.
0671891634|4.0|While &quot;One Up&quot; methodically lays out Lynch's approach to identifying good stocks, &quot;Beating the Street&quot; serves as a sequel that puts the philosophy into practice.  Published four years after the first book, this one felt redundant in places and at times, I got the impression that the sequel was born because Lynch just wanted to score another payday.  But I still found the book useful and I think it provides an interesting peek for an outsider into a portfolio manager's first-hand experiences.  He walks you through his thought process on numerous stocks in several industries, highlighting mistakes as well as successes.  I found his various rules of thumb with respect to each industry (retail, restaurants, cyclicals) helpful, since I had little investment experience at the time.  One chapter also serves as a useful primer on mutual funds, but that's probably not why you're considering this book.  Just use this chapter as a starting point in that effort.  One element of Lynch's approach that is outdated is his ignorance of the tech sector.  Though volatile, it has been a source of great riches and heartache and it is too important now, at 18% of the S&amp;P 500, to be excluded from a stock picker's universe.  It also goes without saying (but I'll say it for this review) that there's more to beating the market than &quot;buying what you know.&quot;  But at least Lynch's approach is designed to be enduring over a multi-year period - it would have allowed you to make some money during the go-go days of the late 90's and yet, could also have steered you toward some great values in the past two years while the rest of the world was still clinging to technology stocks.  My recommendation would be to read &quot;One Up&quot; first.  If you're comfortable with those concepts and understand the nuances of each industry, then this book is not a &quot;must read.&quot;
B00005N9CV|5.0|Nice orchestra and great voice.. extremely romantic!!!<BR>This is the first time ever I bought her CD.  It was on number 1 spot at the BORDERS.  So, I decided to give it a little try. The best time to listen to this..<BR>1).  While driving (alone!!) during the sunset.. <BR>2).  While taking a nice hot buble bath.. pair it with a glass of merlot!!<BR>I especially love track number 4, 5 and 10..
B00005AWMB|5.0|I wasn't sure at first about the new singer.  I felt Perry would be hard to replace.  However, I didn't think Trial by Fire was very good either. It lacked the harder Journey sound that I like (except for a few tracks).  I WAS GOING TO PASS ON THIS CD.  However, I pulled 6 tracks of a service and was very pleased.  Enough so that I had to have the CD.  Arrival is different than Trial by Fire.  It brought back a lot of Neil's slick guitar in a good harmony with the vocals and keyboards.  This CD is a great direction change for the band.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I saw The Big Blue three times on the big screen as a 17 year old.  I walked a mile each direction from my dad's office where I was working part time that summer.  I wanted to become an oceanographer because of this film, despite my irrational fear of water. (I later changed majors, to business.)<br />Flash-forward 13 years later - I heard there was a \\"Director's Cut\\" on DVD and ran out and bought it.  And was awed. So many questions were answered, particularly about the relationship between Jacques and Rosanna.  I always thought it was ridiculous when Arquette kneeled on the edge of a dock in the pitch black night, screaming pathetically at Barr \\"I'm here, I'm real,\\" and then begging for acknowledgment of her confessed love for him.  **NOW** I understand why she had grounds for being so desperate to stop him from disappearing into the deep dark sea.  And the music?  I bought the original soundtrack when I first saw the movie and thought it was great music, but had trouble picturing the scenes with the music in my minds eye. When they imported that film and removed the original musical intentions they castrated it.  Now it's whole and can stand on its own two feet.  Thank you, Besson!  The world is a more beautiful place because of you.
B00003CX95|4.0|William Wallace was indeed a scottish patriot, but according to this movie he was more than that. This movie was excellent besides the fact its supposed to be historical. Yes, some facts were true, but lots was ...for you to root for one side of the other. Lots of the core elements of Wallace's character remained, but by fictionalising, romantising, and adding more victories they ruined the true story. ANYONE WHO WATCHES THIS MOVIE I SUGGEST:<br />first: Know that this movie is not completely factional, do NOT base your public oppinions on this movie!<BR>Second: Study up on that period of Scottish History<BR>Third: Come up with your own views of what happened<BR>and<BR>Fourth: Even though the movie has alot of non-needed material, ENJOY IT!
B000001E7L|5.0|Excellent CD. My highest reccomendation.<BR>Every song has something to offer. Absolutely <BR>amazing! Powerful stuff. Thank-you Cranberries!<BR>WoW!<BR>Peace, love and light to all.
B00005QCYD|4.0|Good Morning America is quoted saying this movie is a wild ride. And they could never be more right. We got Jurrassic when it came out on DVD and watched it. Yes it was a little chessy in some parts but the suspense and action make up for it. Not only that, we got a total surround sound system a few weeks ago and it made all the difference. First of all the Spinosauros is almost 20ft tall in height and when you have total surround sound it actually sounds (and feels) like this 20ft meat eating terror is in your family room! The Spino-Trex fight was amazing. My dog was hiding in the corner (really). It'll keep you on the edge of your seat and feel like you're there with the characters. if you don't have surround sound (and you have enough money to actually get it) then you don't know what you're missing! If the movie wasn't as chessy in some parts like the boy living in a water truck for 8 weeks then I would've given this movie a 5. Also I thought it being only and hour and a half it was kinda short compared to the other 2 but otherwise it was fantastic! Get it today!
B00005JKG9|5.0|Just the dialogue alone makes this one of the best movies and my personal favorite.  I could go on forever, reciting the usual quotes and of course the recent Boiler Room paid homage to this masterpiece.  Mamet's play is truly a work of art.  Nothing less.  You have to see it more than once to really appreciate everything that is happening.  The five star cast put out performances of a lifetime here.  So buy it, don't rent it..buy the VHS, then buy the DVD when they get their act together and release it!  Hey studio, Get the DVD out already!
B00005LC4B|5.0|I think this is a really good acted out movie. I like the screenplay, the music, the chemistry between the actors, the whole bit, except several scenes in which they go overboard. I don't think it was just another remake of a classic movie, I think (other then a few scenes)that it was put together really good!! Deniro's portayal of Ex-con Max Cady, was very good and scary, and funny at times. Nick Nolte was great as the lawyer Sam Bowden, as well as Jessica Lange and Juliette Lewis' performances as the wife and daughter. I also liked how Scorsese put the original actors (Mitchum and Peck) from the original film in cameo scenes. Basically giving credit where credit is due, I think. I remember when this came out, my parents thought it was so horrible, and said I wasn't going to see that.....but I did anyway!! The story takes place in the summer, which also creates a great warm southern mood for the film, especially the ending hearing the night sounds during the credits. I liked the ending showdown, contrary to other opinions, but the original ending is just as good. They are both great films in my opinion. I haven't seen these two DVD'S yet.....but I will....VERY soon!! I know they will be good. In This particular remake, Marty really pushes the actors to they're limit......Pure Scorsese!!
B00004VXF2|1.0|I've read the other reviews, and I can't believe it. &quot;Contemporary classical music&quot;? &quot;Experimental music&quot;?<br />Man, are yu SO afraid not to be with it?
B000002UAF|5.0|Out of the five albums the Beatles recorded before Rubber Soul, this is easily the best.  Released as a soundtrack to their first movie at the height of Beatlemania, it was also the first Beatles album to feature *only* Lennon/McCartney originals and no covers.  (How many other rock musicians released albums of only original material in 1964?  Bob Dylan is the only other one I can think of.)  None of the 13 originals are filler.  &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; and the beautiful ballad &quot;And I Love Her&quot; are the best known, but many of these songs are among their strongest.  &quot;I Should Have Known Better&quot;, &quot;If I Fell&quot; (beautiful three-part harmonies), &quot;Any Time at All&quot; and &quot;You Can't Do That&quot; are personal favorites.  Like other early Beatles songs, love is the main theme of the lyrics -- but there's a growing sophistication and emotional depth on songs like &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;.  If you're a Beatles fan, A Hard Day's Night is a must.
0446608955|5.0|This book was the best book I read! Nicholas Sparks sure knows how to write a great book! It's a sad yet touching book...that you'll love! I saw the movie which was great...but of course the book was better!! It took me 4 days to finish the book...and i loved it! I recomend that you all read it! Jamie Sullivan and Landon Carter will touch your heart and take you through a wonderful book!! i was crying for days!<BR>        **Enjoy**
B000000OSG|3.0|It is difficult to give an all encompassing rating to an album which is so full of contrasts.<BR>I bought the albuum because of \\"Appetite..\\", and I was kinda disappointed. It stayed on my shelf for two years, before I took it down again. Going through it again, I realised that if I were to cut out roughly half the songs on the album, I'd have myself a great listen. Minidisc at the ready I proceeded, and this was the result.<BR>Civil Wars- I just love the \\"My hands are tied\\" line. This song is truly a metal classic.<BR>14 Years- Izzy at his best<BR>Yesterdays- My favourite Guns ballad, with genuine emotion.<BR>Knockin' On Heavens Door- Underrated by many, but I still feel that it is a great song (better live, although hearing Axl scream \\"reggae\\" was worrying)<BR>Breakdown- Good, but not the best. Worth hearing<BR>Pretty Tied Up- I like this one for the music, ignore the lyrics.<BR>So Fine- Great ballad, good for winding down.<BR>Estranged- Best song on the album. This was the song that justified Dizzy Reed for me.<BR>You Could Be Mine- Just ..Rock'n'Roll! Good video to.<BR>Don't Cry- Better lyrics than the first, but only one version was really needed.<br />One last thing- do not listen to My World or Get in the Ring. They are self-indulgent [stuff], and really lower the tone of the whole album.
B00003CXTG|5.0|I thought this movie was awesome! The special affects were great and the bonus material on the dvd was great to! i really enjoyed watching the making of it. It was really interesting. This movie is a must see! Its a movie with a mix of romance and drama. Even though there is more love story then history, it is definately still a must see! I loved this movie because it told an important story and i also think Ben Affleck (Rafe McCawley) and Josh Hartnett (Danny Walker) are totally hot!!!!
B00005QZWJ|4.0|I have to admit, when I left the theater after seeing &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring&quot;, I couldn't have hummed a single bar of the music.  My 45-year-old mind was too full of the images, and I still was reeling from seeing what I had dreamed of seeing for thirty years.<br />The next time my family and I went to see the movie, the music was more noticeable.  It blended in very well with the happenings of Middle Earth, not really drawing attention to itself but (as a great soundtrack should) merely underscoring the events on the screen.<br />Having borrowed the soundtrack from a friend and listened to it for a few days now, all I can say is it's masterful.  I don't know if it would resonate so deeply on its own, without knowing the events of the movie.  But, I can put the soundtrack on and my emotions are swept along just as they were during the film.  And now I find the theme repeating in my head at odd times.<br />If you've seen the movie, buy the soundtrack.  It'll keep the spirit alive until the DVD is available.
B00003CY5J|4.0|This is still a good flick. Even though the story has been done before....<br />De Niro is his usual expert self. He is always easy to watch. He plays his parts well. Brando... What to say. I expected much more from this pairing. Thankfully, Brando's role is small in the overall scheme of the film. He appears for mere minutes. The real story is with De Niro.<br />Anyway, the coolness factor is very high. De Niro as the experienced thief is great. Norton as the new guy is also good. The item to be stolen is well guarded. Norton is the inside man on this job.<br />The film moves along very quickly. Not a lot of the technical details or planning is explained. It would have been better if they would have gone into that a little more. But, they had Brando and De Niro. Probably too much $$$ involved to go that direction. <br />I can easily reccommend this film.
0790729644|5.0|Very much of what this movie has done for its director, its genre, and the world in general has already been said. I won't spend much time in rehash, except to say that it's easy to become cynical as to whether commercial entertainment is still capable of approaching, even getting within the same emotional nation of real human tragedy. Then you see a movie like this and realize that tragedy -- meaning the creation of a symbolic human story to provoke emotion -- can still be created after all. Simply the most deeply despairing and horrifically beautiful movie of the 1990's,at least that I've ever seen. Simultaneously it shouldn't be mentioned in the same breath with other westerns, with idealized plots and cornball heroism, and yet the power of this movie is magnified if you can compare it to archtypal westerns.<br />I'm not here to rehash the plot or the acting, I assume you've seen it. I wanted to speak against people who see it as politically correct, as anti-violence as a trend, or as self-betraying by the climactic scene. It's sad to watch people fail to understand that Clint Eastwood isn't repudiating his previous message when he exterminates the sheriff and everyone around him in the closing minutes. The entirety of the movie is about Eastwood's brief vision of a world with some meaningful concept of human worth and spiritual value, represented by his wife, dead before the story begins. The high point of Eastwood's character is the first time we see him, and from there he slides into damnation. Damnation is reflected by the sqaulor, amorality, and arbitrary injustice of the world around him, up to and including his enitre bounty hunt. <BR>Eastwood's struggle to hold on to a self-vision, a memory of redemption, goes for the first two hours. When he chugs down the bottle of whiskey as the sun sets and goes of to avenge Morgan Freeman in the following scenes, Eastwood is as dead --physically reborn, viscerally alive, but spiritually dead -- as his victims, and heknows it, and is beyond caring. A movie about the relentless and brutal truth of human nature, and the fraility of attempts to transcend it. A movie of failure disguised as power, which destroys all the genre exercises which came before. And if you couldn't tell, deeply moving for me personally.
B00005QZWI|5.0|Reportedly, Howard Shore campaigned for this -- the opportunity of a lifetime to score the seminal THE LORD OF THE RINGS film series.  His efforts do not disappoint here, as the motion picture soundtrack captures all of the magic, mystery, danger, and adventure that goes hand in hand with the filmed journey through Middle-Earth.  It sounds as if each of the principle characters received a bit of a 'theme' of their own, and Shore weaves these throughout his compositions with tremendous ease and success.  If the soundtrack has any shortcomings, it's that it's too short: the film was nearly 3 hours long (the DVD allegedly will be over 4 hours) but the soundtrack is only 70+ minutes.  A wonderful listen but definitely for fans of the movie only.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|Original, vibrant, zesty, ... timeless, extraordinary are but a few adjectives to describe Baz Lurhman's film.  <br />Moulin Rouge transcends anykind of movie experience you may have had before.  Right from the start, it throws you into a warped, psychedelic reality of Go-Go Girls and Edwardian tweed.  It zips along at a pace that makes MTV feel like slow motion.  On top of all the surreal goings on, there is a beautifully constructed (albeit simple) story on which to hang the clothes.  Throw in some very original takes on modern music classics, and you have the time of your life.<br />On top of all this perfection, are the charimatic performances of the lead actors: Kidman radiates and McGregor charms.  The show is stolen by a wonderfully seedy Jim Broadbent.  See one of the finest movies of 2001!
B00005LC1H|5.0|From the opening of each episode where you see the rearranged letters of Fawlty Towers, you know you are in for a frantic John Cleese ride!!  As Basil Fawlty, proprietor of a run down hotel, with his wife (I Knoow...) Sybil, Polly the artist maid/housekeeper/Girl-Friday, to the annoying guests, the ditzy servant that can barely speak English, and the drunken chef, Cleeves delivers non stop humour that made Monthy Python's Flying Circus fly!!<br />An absolutely riot and every episode a gem!!!  Do not miss this, especially if you are a MPFC fan!!
B00005MP58|5.0|If you love Jane Austen or movies such as Sense and Sensibility and Jane Eyere you will love Prid and Prejiduce with Colin Firth this movie is the book word for word they leave nothing out! They chose the actors and actresses perfectly you will fall in love with this movie and its characters. I give Colin Firth ten stars for his acting in this movie and you will also love him in Bridget Jones' Diary where he also plays Mr. Darcy.
0553275976|4.0|The Bonfire of the Vanities clearly made several strong points about racism, sexism and capitalism in America, but I personally enjoyed the attention Wolfe paid to developing the characters and situations each character was in. All the plot lines are just built up by the indepth description of how each character was involved. The reader is never left wondering why the characters are doing what they are doing, but everything is very obviously connected by Wolfe's previous narrative that it gives the reader something to look to for clarification. Specific events such as the mayors obsession with mayonnaise \\"who in the name of God would bring a half eaten jar of mayonnaise to a public meeting?\\" or Sherman's confusion in the Bronx \\"Who on Earth would take the trouble to shove a chair in a chicken wire fence in this neighborhood?\\" also shows the actual character's detail orientedness, and perhaps shows that focus on detail is an inherent human flaw.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I saw it once, open air, didn't know anything about it. After 1 minute I realized it must be the music of Philip Glass... what followed were (estimated) about 2 hours of stunning music and pictures. Well, stunning is a ridiculous word for that film and that music...in other words: Go see that film! It is worth whatever you will pay for it and try to buy the DVD.
0800141601|5.0|Okay, first off park everything you know about Grail Lore at the door and enjoying Connery the King!!  This one is more style than substances, but what STYLE!!!  Beautifully filmed, with a good eye to period, and well acted,<br />this film visually assults the senses.<br />So pull kick back with a bowl of popcorn and JUST ENJOY!!!  For a film so long, it does has the feel of being rushes in places, but just don't question, experience!!<br />(...
B000001F29|5.0|It must be 20 years ago when I first heard this album, I decided to buy it after being impressed by it's predecessor, 'Short Stories'. This, however is in a different league, a masterpiece that still thrills and captivates with each listening, and listen to it I still do after all these years. The title song demands your attention with its so realistic screeching car chase and machine gun fire at the very start and then goes from one pace to another, from one emotion to another, evoking nostalgic feelings for the cinema of the 30's and 40's, film noir in particular. Vangelis is an expert in conjuring images with his music and Jon Anderson is his perfect foil, this is music you turn off the lights to and listen raptly through your best headphones. State of Independance was covered many years later by Donna Summer, good cover too. 'I'll find my way home' was added to the album in the later album versions and became the opening track on side one which is a shame, it does not fit so well, being a hit single for the duo. Probably the weakest song is 'Back to school' but a lively addition nevertheless.<BR>I also very much like the songs 'beside' and'Outside and Inside', now these are songs to lower your heart beat to a pedestrian pace.<BR>I have recommended this album to many people, they are never disapointed. Enjoy!
0553275976|4.0|Tom Wolfe provides a very realistic look into life. Wolfe's style of writing is very refreshing: colloquial speech and dialogue make the characters very easy to relate to. Sherman McCoy is not your average blue-collar worker, and he  may even spur jealousy and anger from readers. But it becomes difficult not to emphathize with him through his struggles and in the end. Wolfe also provides impeccable description of emotions and feelings, even something as simple as a hangover:  &quot;The telephone blasted Peter Fallow awake inside an egg with the shell peeled away and only the the membranous sac holding it intact. Ah! The membranous sac was his head, and the right side of his head was on the pillow, and the yolk was as heavy as mercury, and it rolled like mercury, and it was pressing down on his right temple and his right eye and his right ear. If he tried to get up to answer the telephone, the yolk, the mercury, the poisoned mass, would shift and roll and rupture the sac, and his brains would fall out. (p.164)&quot;<BR>   However, the arrangement of the chapters and different stories is very fragmented; there doesn't seem to be any organization other than, of course, a loose chronological unfolding of events. It is not difficult to keep track of what's going on, but it becomes very frustrating when attempting to try to tie every chapter or section to the others. <BR>  Overall, this book is decent, but there may be a few major downfalls that will prevent everyone from enjoying it.
B00005LANG|5.0|This album is breathtaking.  It's amazing how much emotion someone can put into music so simple.  The music is just gorgeous.  &quot;Waiting in Vain&quot; is one of the prettiest and most heartfelt songs I've ever heard.  Just listen to Junior Marvin's incredible guitar solo in that song.  This is essential Marley, and his best album.  Just INCREDIBLE!
B00003CXTG|1.0|I did not like this movie.  It had a weird love triangle that made me sick.  It was historically inaccurate.  The computer-generated graphics (looked phony) didn't mesh well with the real photography.  The love scenes were sickening and did not portray \\"The Greatest Generation\\" fairly.  It did not portray the social and moral standards of 1941.  They made this movie for a sick and twisted audience.  My guess is most people who lived through pearl harbor would think the movie did not portray the events of December 1941 very well.
0446608955|5.0|This book was one of the best books I have ever read. Though the first chapter was hard to get through due to the fact that it was boring, you find the most enchanting love story. This book will make you laugh and cry but most of all it will touch your soul in a way you will remember long after you are done reading it. I recommend reading this book instead of seeing the movie too. The movie was injustice for a book with so much power.
0140288503|5.0|This is probably the most extensively researched and most brilliantly detailed war book I've ever read.  I'd highly recommend this to anyone curious about the life of a soldier during war time.  America haters may be pleasantly surprised to learn more about what life and its value is outside the United States.<br />A definate eye opener for the close minded.
1883217040|5.0|When I was younger I used to read about how playing with various famous jazz musicians like Monk or Dizzy was like going to school. I just thought it was for general inspiration. Now I can see that there is a mass of musical harmonic theory that has built up over the years, and mostly passed on from player to player. This book presents all the basic harmonic innovations that Jazz came up with between the 1940's and 1980's, and it's a lot. You'd have to know this stuff in order to play with the musicians of those times.<br />I think the best audience for this work consists of players who have mastered the \\"basics of their horn\\" and are ready to move into the \\"real world\\" of jazz improvisation and writing. However, even beginners can get into the book and I'd bet there are some masters out there who could learn a trick or two from it.<br />Many of the ideas presented here may have been printed before, but I've never seen them all together like this, never seen them related to each other like this, and there's lots and lots that this musician at least had never conceived of before. Reading it was like opening my eyes for the first time in the morning. So much of what I had listened to for years suddenly became explicable.<br />Do you want to know what to do with that B-flat alt chord in the \\"Real Book?\\" Want to know how pentatonic scales can build over various chords? Want to know why it somehow sounded right when that V chord resolved down a major third instead of a fifth?  Read this book.<br />Other topics: Coltrane's changes -- modal scale theory -- a whole section on using melodic minor scales to basically reharmonize every which way but loose  --- be-bop scale theory and great gobs of four-bar examples (properly notated in case you can beg borrow or steal the original record) -- playing \\"outside\\".  There are also complete treatments of some key tunes such as Giant Steps, I Hear a Rhapsody, etc. I think there's enough in this book to keep any musician busy for a decade practicing and working out.<br />One nice touch is how Mark Levine points out practicioners of the art, not only Coltrane for his famous reharmonizations, but people like Woody Shaw for his pentatonic harmonies and Joe Henderson, Herbie Hancock etc. etc. There are some nice pictures of all these people, which to me exhibits one of the best qualities of jazz culture -- that of giving proper and humble credit and tribute to the many great musicians that have formed and furthered the music.<br />One thing this book is not -- It's not just a book of licks written out and transposed in various keys for you to practice over particular chords. Examples of licks are there, of course, but the focus is on giving you enough of an understanding so that you can make your own practicing agenda.
B00005JKCF|4.0|DC comics has had it's days with the Superman & Batman movies. Now finally, Marvel brings out it's big guns with Spiderman. Oh sure, \\"Xmen\\" was a good effort. And so was \\"Blade\\" (with its sequel due in March). But Spidey is Marvel's golden boy. Like Superman & Batman, kids are BORN knowing who Spiderman is. It's going to be \\"Batmania\\" all over again. As an adult, I tend to be more cautious when it comes to movies like this one. When all you see is the eye-candy effects and no sight of a real story. I hope to Stan Lee that I'm wrong and we actually get a great plot as well as great effects & action. Probably won't, though. Spiderman will be a hit, regardless. With all of the factors the other reviewers mentioned such as the actors, director, & effects, it will definitely give Star Wars: Episode II some serious competition. Plus we get the infamous Danny ... Elfman supplying the score. Spiderman won't be great, but it will be (darn) good!!
0553260111|5.0|This was a really great book. The characters all became very well developed and the plot is great. This book is not as well known as it should be since it was written in 1980. That will soon change when the movie comes out in May.<br />The Bourne Idenity is about a man who washed up on shore with no memory and who has amazing fighting skills. He found his name was Jason Bourne. Killers are chasing him for reasons he doesn't remember. He falls in love with a woman named Marie who is determined to help him get his memory back. But will Jason Bourne want to find out who he was? What if he was somebody he didn't want to be?<br />This book is great and is followed up by two other great books, The Bourne Supremacy and the Bourne Ultimatum. Ludlum's writing really shines in this book and it is his best writing. I would recomend you read this book today and gear up for the movie coming in May.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I missed Shrek at the movies, and just ordered the DVD the other day. What a great effort - not only cutting edge CGI with authentic hair (the holy grail of computer graphics, so I'm told by my techno-friends), but it's very very funny. Mike Myers manages to play it almost completely straight (super Scottish accent though!) and Eddie Murphy makes the funkiest donkey you'll ever see. And a great cameo from the three cockney blind mice. Nice job.<br />If only Peter Jackson had paid attention to Shrek when editing Lord of the Rings. Note to file, Mr Jackson: if you're going to do three hour sword and sorcery epics, at least try to make them funny.
0446608955|5.0|This book was touching and the movie did a great job following the storyline.  Take some tissues because half the theater was sobbing!!!
B00003CXXP|1.0|usually i enjoy Speilberg movies, some of them are among my favourite movies but AI will never be one of them. Occassionaly a movie comes along that is just so awful from start to finish (in this case especially finish) that it almost defies being reviewed. there are few or no redeeming features of this movie, of course the effects are excellent, of course the performances are good, of course the pace is digitally perfect but the film has no soul, ultimately its at lifeless as the characters it reflects on. therein lies the critical flaw of the film, it is itself totally artificial and dead. whilst on a purely intellectual level that is intriguing its not enough to sustain a feature length movie. what would have made a unique and probably award-winning short movie fails to succeed as a feature. finally it leaves one feeling sad that so much talent and effort were wasted on one bad idea.
0896760278|5.0|This is a great way to have a historical dress without tearing a old garment apart. Easy to follow patterns and good directions.<BR>A great book for any reenactor or anyone who wants to have history live again with a museum copy dress or gown.
031286504X|5.0|This is the first book I have ever read by Richard Matheson, I am impressed! From the very first chapter of this book I found myself feeling what the main character felt and wanting what the main character wanted. The book will keep you enthralled until the end, Oh, and what an ending!!<br />If you like vampire stories you will love this! I highly recommend!!
6304508611|5.0|My review is titled that way for a reason.  I can still remember picking up the book for the first time when I myself was in high school.  Although I laugh at most modern horror movies, due to the fact that it's fairly easy to see just how cheesy the special effects which are supposed to scare us really are, I didn't laugh at \\"Carrie\\". That's probably a good thing too.  <br />Some of the movie's scenes, as they are described in the book, are still with me now, as though I'm recalling something I actually lived through rather than my favorite parts of a work of fiction.  Watching this movie reinforced that deja vu-like feeling in a tangible way for me. And it made me feel thankful<BR>that I never had experiences like Carrie's when I was in school. <br />All the scenes I remember most vividly from the book are in the movie:  the terror and humiliation the other girls inflict on Carrie in the locker room; her abusive, religious zealot of a mother, played brilliantly by Piper Laurie.  The destruction of the prom is made that much more believable by the effective use of glaring red light, split screens, and the voices of the people Carrie hates the most being played over and over again like a false mantra.  Maybe one of the reasons I didn't go to my own prom was that I was unconsciously afraid that something like that would happen.  Maybe I enjoy Stephen King a lot more than I care to admit.
B00000I01A|4.0|this has two spectualar musical tracks, #5 and #10.  I recommend this CD for those who want some upbeat and motivational music.  If find it especially good for working out
B000001EAQ|1.0|A lover as I am of the 80's U2, and even the new album 'AllThat You Can't Leave Behind', this shorty titled and scary covered album sends me to the worst sensations of musical frustration I ever had.<br />I listened and listened to it but I find it hard and hard and never find anything in it. It's not art; just nonsense-modern trying-to-make music. Bono and his gang lost their inspiration as never a group of that size did.<br />Where is the congruent and excellent high-viewed spirituality of 'The Joshua Tree'???<br />The beginning of the end was 'Desire' and the end of the end is 'Pop' that leaves you embracing 'All That You Can't Leave Behind' as a kind of resurrection, or maybe a sort of homecoming.
B00005QW5X|2.0|Despite the brilliant performance by John Cameron Mitchell, this film is just not all that great.  It is visually bizarre, the animation is very simplistic looking but makes very strange conotations  as they do apply to the story.<br />I watched this purely to see Mitchell's performance.  I had heard it was utterly amazingly brilliant, and I totally agree.  This film is just too out there for me.  I've appreciated movies about drag queens and gay men in the past so that has nothing to do with my decisions here.  Some of it just made no sense to me.  This movie is just not for everyone.<br />I did like the music a lot, it was very original and fresh.  It helped to tell the story somewhat, but I didn't think the story had much of a finish...
0553712837|5.0|Never having read a Grisham novel before, I found this book completely entertaining with a heartwearming ending.  I went from laughing out loud to crying at the end with this sentimental story.  I think it is a wonderful book and an easy read for \\"non\\" readers like myself.  I intend to send a copy to my mother for her November birthday next year!  What a delightful way to start the Christmas holidays!!  I'll be waiting for the movie to come out!!
B00005U18E|5.0|Where do I start? <BR>I loved this movie, I have watched it 10 times...I even baught the movie when It came out on video. It is a modern day retelling of the best Jane Austin book, Pride and Prejedice. It is truely a beautiful story about 30something woman, who has never had a break in love. Everytime she thinks it will work out in the love life or even in her family life... It always goes wrong. But at the end, it truelly shows how love and life can work out and how fate has a funny way of playing tricks on everyone of us. It is truelly heart warming, and if you are a single, overweight female over the age of 21, with romantic problems this movie will relate to you in ever level. <BR>I truelly believe this to be one of the best movies I have ever personally seen.
B00005JKMO|5.0|NONA M. GAYE<br />Look closely......she's wife # 2.  Yes, the movie is about The Champ, and very aptly tells of his story, but it's also a tribute to the African-American woman, and features multi-visions of this sometimes underrated Bastion of our Society.  We see three very different women in the life of Ali, Jada Pinkett-Smith as # 1 = no compromise here, she's true to Ali and to herself!  Nona M. Gaye shines as Mrs Ali # 2, and the smoky seductive Michael Michelle as # 3.<br />Expertly directed by Micahel Mann this film reminds us of a time in the not too distant past when social lines were very clearly defined, and words had to be carefully chosen.  What a delight to remember how intentionally funny and pointed Ali is and was back then - he never really offended and did things very much his way.  Bright and witty, very bright, this is clearly Will Smith's best and most daring acting challenge since \\"Six Degrees of Separation\\" a consummate actor!<br />So it is too with the totally submerged Jon Voight as Cosell -  not a hint of the actor there.  Brilliant!  As is Jamie Foxx!<br />This is an extremely well crafted, cast and directed movie.  BRAVO Mr. Mann!!<br />Should be mandatory viewing for the young!
B000006045|5.0|Lay down on your couch, put on your headphones and close your eyes. This cd is an amazing ride thru a beautiful, dark sonic universe-and it never gets old. A benchmark for trip-hop or downtempo or whatever you want to call this music.  This is EASILY one of the best albums I have EVER heard in ANY style.  It is fantastic.  If you pay attention you will hear it all over the place-a major part of the soundtrack to Darrin Aronofsky's film \\"PI\\" is from this disc.  And many of you heard a track from this disc while watching \\"THE MATRIX\\" and didn't even know it.  I've also heard the stellar first track 'Angel' used during a very intense scene on NBC's prime time show \\"Third Watch\\".  And the list goes on.  Incredibly colorful music.
B00004W510|5.0|There are certain CDs that just belong in a car.  This album's one of them.  There's no finer music to listen to while taking a drive through the countryside than THE BAND, because the music is so rural and so huge -- kind of like America itself.<br />We forget that this country was steeped in an unquenchable pioneer spirit for generations.  The land was so huge that it took Americans hundreds of years to discover and develop it.  When de Toqueville visited the United States, he saw that spirit and marveled about it back to his countrymen back in Europe.  And The Band - another group of outsiders -- absolutely understood what that spirit was about and captured it beautifully on this CD.<br />If you ever take a drive from California to Chicago (as my wife and I did a few years back), you will really marvel at how enormous this country is.  But you'll need lots of CDs.  Include THE BAND and you'll look at the United States in a whole new light.  While the music is reminiscent of a time long past, it will remain in the canons of the best American music for decades to come.
B00005K9QP|5.0|the most astonishing work Eric Clapton ever laid down, in my view. Indeed, this may be one of the most perfect guitar records ever recorded. I agree that Clapton was never quite as pure, note-perfect, fierce or thrilling as he was here. Well, heroin will do that to you I suppose. But, man, he did this with Mayall's band, and it's awesome. Maybe there can only be a handful of perfect things in life
B000002IM7|4.0|Ty's mysterious guitar tone.  Doug's massive bass sound.  Jerry's forceful yet dynamic drum work.  Those incredible vocals.  It all started here.  This cd has timeless songs a KX fan can't do without.  Goldilox is a masterpiece and so is King.  This disc received critical acclaim upon its release and helped pave the way for the band's widespread success a couple years later.  Essential if not quite as good as Gretchen. (4 &amp; 1/2 stars).
B00005R2M3|5.0|Anyone who's a Shakira fan must be happy this English CD has finally been released, and even more happy that it's really good.  It opens with a fiesty tango inspired song called \\"Objection,\\" which has a lot of energy and makes a good opener.  All of the tracks are typical Shakira.  Acoustic and electric.  Calm yet rebellious.  The songs rock, but they're soft enough that your parents would love her to pieces.  <br />She worked really hard on this CD, writing the songs, etc.  That's nothing new though, she always writes her own songs, but she was challenged by the crazy English language, and she ended up doing a great job on this.  Her strong accent shouldn't put people off as far as understanding what she's saying, since the lyrics are included.  Besides, you quickly get hooked on her distinctive voice and style.  However, the ironic thing is that the two best songs are the new Spanish tracks: \\"Te Dejo Madrid\\" and \\"Que Me Quedes Tu.\\"<br />The English selections that are probably most similar to the songs on her two previous CD's are \\"Rules,\\" \\"Fool,\\" and \\"Poem To A Horse.\\"  \\"Ready For The Good Times\\" is a pleasant surprise and a lot of fun to listen to.  The sound of that one is very English-pop, more so than any other choice on the CD.       <br />Shakira is in a class by herself.  She's very creative and this CD was worth the wait.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Anyone who thinks Portishead is all about electronics and sampling should check this one out quick! 'Roseland' proves once and for all that they are even better live. Enhanced by orchestral strings (and even horns) on many tracks, some of these tracks are 'expanded' beyond the recorded versions. For those who've heard the original a few too many times, the strange, almost bluesy treatment of 'Sour Times' will be a treat. Also includes great versions of 'Humming' and 'Roads'. If you're a fan, don't pass this by. Now, if only they'd put out a new record....
B0000524CY|4.0|Well, I first saw this flick when I was 16, back around the late 1970's.  We were babysitting, the kids put to bed, and we were watching the cable...it was so scarey, we were hiding behind pillows and changing the channel when it got tooo intense. It was nervous-breakdown scarey.   Later, at home, I put a bible under my pillow.  When it first came out, people were vomiting in the theaters, and running out in terror.  Every year it's a good watch on tv, and for about the first 5 years, I'd still put a bible under my pillow afterwards.  <BR>   I saw this latest version on DVD in 2001, expecting horrifying new footage, but not much has changed.  If anything, other horror movies have surpassed this vintage movie on the gore and freakish-ness.  Perhaps I've seen it too many times, I grew tired of the \\"endless wrestle with the devil in the bedroom\\" antics, nowdays a filmmaker would probably provide more of a variety of settings.  <br />If you've never seen it before, it will FREAK YOU OUT.  Quite alot of psychology has gone into the making of this movie to get under your skin and terrorize you.  Not much gore, unless you count pea-soup vomit.  But still there's so much unnatural stuff going on, subliminals, spiderwalks, etc--it will definitely disturb you.  It is a classic, and probably psychologically scarier than many modern \\"horror\\" flicks.<br />I've also really liked the book.  It seemed rather beautiful, poetic and well written, could not put it down.  Alot of the psychology of the priest and what he was going through.  <br />I wonder what it would be like if David Lynch remade the Exorcist, with all his surrealist bag-o-tricks.
B000001F66|5.0|Being from my favorite group from all time, I can't be objective with this record. But anyway to listen to it is to understand how far they got in making incredible modern music mixed with classic and traditional influences from many places and times in the world and mixing as well a very moving and dinamic, young nature with a vital and deep sense of spirituality.<br />After the grand experiment with a symphonic orchestra of 'Days of Future Passed' the Moody Blues and the producer Tony Clarke lock themselves in the studio in 1968 to create a magnificent musical expedition across the mind. 'Legend of a Mind' is maybe the highest point flute player Ray Thomas has ever reached as a songwriter. The part with of the flute solo leaves you standing naked in the middle of a field embracing nature with your open arms, and the intense ending leads you through a speed-of-light journey across your dreams and feelings.<br />'Visions of Paradise' is the song that maybe has put in the highest point the intention George Harrison founded of mixing psychodelic 60's rock with Indian traditional music. The voice harmonies really make you see paradise in front of you as you ever dreamed it was. 'Voices in the Sky' is a splendid, fresh and delicious chant to nature and simple joy. 'Om' is one of the superb tunes full of universal spirituality keyboardist Mike Pinder created, ending the album with perpetual choir voices ascending to the sky.<br />Every song in this album has a life in its own and is a world in itself, and they're also a standard for all pop/rock music created later. So, it's five starts without a doubt. A masterpiece of symphonic rock.
B00005QIPH|3.0|Oh, some press... Why is it always necessary to hype bands that aren't just worth the hype? All the shameless reviews I've read about this album (I don't think there's a superlative left that's NOT been used) made me utterly curious and when I heard it, I ofcourse was dissapointed, like many, many others here.<br />'Is This It?' is not hyper-bad; there are some really OK songs on there; including 'Soma' and 'Alone, Together', but if you heard a few; you've heard them all. Basic drums, dead-simple guitar lines, and that Julian Casablancas guy singing the same everywhere through a distortion-effect. I was surprised even to read an interview with Graham Coxon saying they were 'the saviours of pop-music'; which is absolute nonsense. It's a nice album, but the Strokes will be forgotten about in 1 or 2 years. And why are they so arrogant anyway? They really should be careful not to believe the hype themselves.
B00005NKCM|5.0|I Love Upstairs Downstairs! It is one of my favorite TV shows. I think that this is definitely worth the money because you can watch these over and over. It also has a great extra on the end telling you a lot about Upstairs Downstairs. You should also buy the second season. This is a wonderful series and I absolutely recommend it.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|This is great - I'm a fairly recent Dylan fan (I'm 24) but I love this album. It's not even my usual favourite style of music, but it just grows on you. The lyrics are sublime, funny, clever and touching and the music is upbeat and jaunty. I love &quot;Mississippi&quot; best and I'm now going to see him play when he visit the UK in May! I love this album!
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Nothing can be taken from the panegyrics below. Love and Theft is a home and a house. Four or five months, and the joy is endless. I note in passing a one- or two-star rater of Love and Theft, who surprisingly concludes his so-and-so statement with recommending Good as I been to You, &quot;an under-rated classic&quot;. For those who don't know Good as I been to you (LOVE) and its companion World Gone Wrong (THEFT), listen to them in retrospective/auditive. His voice is not only skilled, it's decorated.
B000002KIE|5.0|Never Mind the Bollocks is a very great rock & roll record that--twenty-five years after its release--remains a critically celebrated landmark, but for only some of the right reasons. <br />Most rock criticism focuses on the Sex Pistols's smash-the-system bluster, Malcolm McLaren's marketing ploys, the shocking lyrics (\\"Bodies\\" among others), and the positive role the Pistols played in revitalizing the pompous and moribund mid-70s rock scene.<br />But too often they give short shrift to the music. Never Mind the Bollocks is filled with terrific songs and playing! It is not just a bunch of senseless thrashing around, poor musicianship, and snotty attitude. It's the real deal--the excitement and soul of the old Chuck Berry, Jerry Lee Lewis, Rolling Stones singles, etc., are to be found in the Pistols's music as well. <br />I think the star of the record is Steve Jones, the guitarist. He might not have had Yngwie Malmsteen's chops, but his warm, rockin' rhythm sound and his tasteful solos in \\"Lies,\\" \\"Seventeen,\\" \\"New York,\\" etc., puts him in a class by himself among punk guitarists and into the canon of great rock musicians. Johnny Rotten also contributes mightily to the record's sound, with his inimitable vocal style (love it or hate it) and his sense of irony and humor. Paul Cook's manic drumming ties everything together perfectly and helps give the Pistols their own highly distinctive sound.<br />So--Anyone thinking of buying Never Mind the Bollocks for the first time should know they're not just buying raw attitude, they're buying a CD filled with great songs and ace playing to set alongside their other classic albums.
B00005O5CM|4.0|To some extent this is a one joke film. The joke being that a blond bimbo enrols in Harvard Law and against expectation does well. <br />However the quality of the writing is such that it never seems a one joke film. Reese Witherspoon is a talented actress who is able to make her initially simple character a more complex vehicle. Thus while there are thousands of dumb blond jokes. (she in her undergraduate degree majors in the history of fashion, she always wears pink and is unable to work out that her boyfriend is a jerk.)Her character is able to develop a relationship with an important criminal client and she is able to conduct a criminal trial effectively. <br />It is a sort of pleasant feel good film in which Witherspoon who is unashamedly good natured, is able through her talent, to break the bimbo barrier.
B00005TT77|1.0|The criteria for being a legend, in my opinion, is when nobody can do a decent cover of your songs.  There are few exceptions to this rule where the Beatles are concerned.  Joe Cocker doing &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot; is one.  Eddie Vedder doing &quot;You've Got To Hide Your Love Away&quot; is another.  Barring that, I can safely say that everything else on this album is an abomination of the musical genius of the Beatles.  The trouble with so many artists who cover Beatles tunes is that they try too hard to reinvent the song.  The magic of the Beatles songs is that they are perfect as they are.  The reason that Eddie Vedder's cover is good is because he doesn't take it upon himself to find some deeper, artistic meaning in the song.  All the depth that the song has is beautifully hidden in the simplicity of the lyrics and the melody.  I don't know who &quot;Grandaddy&quot; is, but he shouldn't be allowed to record another song... EVER!  Where is the anger and fire in his slaughtering of &quot;Revolution&quot;?  Even the Beatles original slower version of &quot;Revolution&quot; has a certain passion behind it!  This artist clearly hasn't any passion for anything, and certainly doesn't understand the political fury during the period this song was written.  Heather Nova has the audacity to sound like she's stroking herself rather than singing a song.  I could go on for days about the disgrace of some of the Beatles most wonderful songs, but let me finish by saying that if Paul McCartney still owned the rights to his own songs, this would never have happened!
B00000IL29|5.0|.., and the cd remastering of \\"Maiden Voyage\\" is no exception. It contains the brilliantly conceived title track, which inspired NUMEROUS cover versions-- a real classic .<br /> By merit of its \\"sus4\\" modal chord harmony and simple but emotive melody ,Herbie put this wonderful chord \\"on the map\\" for improvisors-- it opens the gateway to inspired improvisation.<br />  \\"Dolphin Dance\\" is a bona fide \\"jazz standard\\", one of the most melodic (yet intricate) compositions, an improvisors DREAM!<br /> These melodies will set you adrift peaceful seas, perfect antidote for the 40-50(plus!) hour \\"spanking\\" known as \\"the job\\" !<br />Do I say TOO MANY words about the artistry of Herbie Hancock, a complete musician in EVERY aspect of the word.<br />Herbie is , for MY tastes, one of the finest improvisors in the history of \\"jazz musics\\", along with being probably the most versatile. What I mean by this, is that H.H. always sounds completely AT HOME in whatever genre of musics he is \\"talking in\\", from straight ahead jazz to funk, absract impressionistic musics to all out \\"top-40\\" \\"Rock-it\\" pretenses..There are so many memorable moments in Herbie's solos , I've learned alot from listening to what \\"HH\\" has to say!  (And i dont mean to slight the rest of the band on this recording-all are really inspired by this session..)<br />We dont have to \\"dig\\" every idiom he speaks, just revel in his soulful fluency in whatever he plays.<br />This recording is ALWAYS included on jazz \\"critics\\" \\"must own\\" list, they are absolute CORRECT in that assessment!<br />Why Amazon only allows 5 stars, when I feel I must bestow 100000 plus , here it is Maiden Voyage, \\"made-in\\" infinite soulfulness..
B000001GPX|5.0|When I listened to beethoveven's 7th, especially this particular version, it is always movig. It is something inside, so emotionally beautiful it cannot be expressed in words. Perhaps this is why Beethoven was never a writer.
6305074194|4.0|the fog is a classic horror movie which will keep interested and very jumpy while revealing the deep dark secrets of a town's forfathers,who now have to pay for the sins of the past!it stars my favorite horror actresses jamie lee curtis and her mom janet leigh(of psycho fame),and also adrienne barbeau as a radio dj who realizes \\"theres something in the fog!\\" its enough to send chills down your spine,so turn off the lights and get ready for a good oldfashioned scare!!!
0783116934|4.0|I saw the movie some time ago and thought it was very well done. I have since seen it 3 or 4 times and still consider it to be a superior film. However, I have since read the book upon which the film was based - 'The Killer Department' by Robert Cullen. As is often the case it bears little resemblance to the film. Colonel Fetisov (played by Donald Sutherland) was working on the first murders 6 months before the detective Burakov (Stephen Rea) came on the scene.   The psychiatrist, Bukhanovsky (Max Von Sydow), was involved very early on in the investigation. There is great emphasis placed in the film on the role of the bureaucracy but this was not really the case at all. There was nothing in the film about the trial (which took 6 months) with Chikatilo putting on a performance. Despite all that I would still recommend this movie as one of the best of the genre.
1577137868|3.0|This tape has quite a bit of violence in it, and can be disturbing. After viewing it, I decided that my younger children should not see it.<br />Having said that, it was kinda fun, in a morbid sort of way. Plenty of car and motorcycle crashes which include gasoline-fueled explosions, basketball fights, football and soccer collisions, an extended hockey fight, baseball pile-ups, and a few very interesting harness racing crackups. I am sure there are several deaths filmed here. If you like this kind of stuff, then get it. If not, then don't.<br />This is NOT a &quot;Blooper&quot; film.
B00003CXZ1|4.0|2001 was an odd year for movies, bringing us a film that was animated so well it seemed real (FINAL FANTASY); and LARA CROFT, TOMB RAIDER, a film that was so perfectly cast that the lead seemed like the embodiment of a video game-character.  Whoever was responsible for casting Angelina Jolie is a genus, and Jolie herself deserves an enormous amount of credit for this uncanny albeit very strange portrayal.  And let's face it, Jolie is really the only reason to see this film.  The plot is nothing special, dialogue fairly commonplace at best (and at worst, laughable--the scene between Lara and her father's ghost made my entire family wince with the similarity to THE LION KING), the special-effects and set design acceptably workmanlike and the other actors similarly undistinguished.  But Jolie makes that all moot--and not just because she's gorgeous.  She brings Lara Croft to life without a single misstep; so much so that the aspects of Croft created specifically for the movie seem as though they've always been there through all the video games.  This is a movie worth a look for its entertainment value, expect nothing else; but a great popcorn movie it is--not quite Indiana Jones, but not far from it.<br />As far as the extras on the DVD go, they seem fairly standard.  I was amused by how pretentious many of those interviewed were, especially the director.  They seemed under the mistaken impression that what they were doing was truly important cinema; and spoke of such things as &quot;the spiritual heart of the film&quot;.  Frankly, I'd give this all a miss--if you saw the film, you saw the best part of the disc.  The only extra of interest to me was the section on Jolie's training for the role; this is probably because I thought she was the only exceptional thing about the film.  Finally, I couldn't play the DVD-ROM features on my Mac G4; it requires Windows.
B000002UAR|5.0|I tend to say that 'Revolver' is a better album than Sgt Pepper's. Just like 'Rubber Soul' this album never seems to age with time. It still sounds as crisp and fresh as the first time I got it.
B000003N7G|5.0|A Love Supreme is John Coltrane's declaration of faith in his maker.  The album's liner notes contain Mr. Coltrane's words of praise and thanks to God and his playing seems to be under divine intervention.  Mr. Coltrane just lets loose and the music flows out of him.  The entire band is on and the album is a true listening experience.
B000002UB3|5.0|What else should I say? This album is simply fantastic!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I saw this film today, and I am sure I am going to see it at least two more times. It was ... the best thriller -well its not really a thriller, maybe it fits into the film-noir category- Ive seen in a long time. The story and the editing are just incredible. In fact, you need to see this movie a couple of times. Things are not one dimensional, they have three four or God knows how many things you can think about the way the story may unfold. If you like movies that lets you form your own opinions about the characters and about reality and the many interpretations it can have, well, this movie is for you.<BR> Finally a non formulaic suspense film. Excellent. Watch this! OK enough. WATCH IT! ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF THE YEAR.
B00005NWM3|3.0|I bought Silver Side Up only after listen to the first release &quot;How you Remind Me&quot;. Great Pop rock tone, very radio freindly, and it has the ability and did cross over the listening tendances of generations. However, in my opinion there are only a few songs(3) that actually make a contrabution to rock, while the rest just aid in the confusion and identiy crisis that my favorite music genera is now floundering in. The last song on the CD, &quot;Good Times Gone&quot; is a great classic rock, blues combination, with Kenny Wayne Shepard type rifts, coupled with ebbs and flows remenicent of a Led Zepplin power ballad.(No obviously not Stairway to Heaven) Two other songs that stand alone above the rest would have to be &quot;Never Again&quot;, simply because of the &quot;no holds barred&quot; lyrics, and &quot;Where do I Hide&quot;, for the guteral guitar combinations. With the new &quot;rap rock&quot; trying to dictate the rock stage, and the increase of pre to middle pubesent children that actually think, Limp Bizkit, Tap Root, Darwins' Waiting Room, Factory 81, and the lot, actually have talent, yes for the love of rock this CD is good. But let me make this point, Nickleback made this CD to increase there listening base, hence the Nirvana and Pearl Jam esque guitar in some to most of the songs. Yes grunge is dead but it still sounds good if it's refined like they do it, along with Creed, Tantric, Oleander(1st Cd), ect.(though Creed is an equivalent of a Rock Boy Band, different song same sound) It is good to listen to, but the songs aren't saying or doing anything I haven't heard before, safe a few number of them. I am not disapointed at the effort, for it was good but I am waiting for the band to give it another try for the people who actually can deciver what is and what isn't music. This CD is not the &quot;guiding light&quot; for rock that many people are looking for,however, most of the songs are enjoyable to listen to if you appreiate and recognize whatthe band was trying to do this time around.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|i saw this movie twice when it was in the theaters...the first time, i had no idea what to expect, really.  and i found the movie to be thoroughly entertaining and intriguing.  i read some reviews that criticized the film for trying too hard to fit into certain genre conventions, but i didn't feel that way at all.  to me, the movie fits in its own special niche.  the second time i saw the movie, now knowing what to expect, i saw it all in a different, and equally interesting way...i thought the main theme was one thing the first time, and something completely different the second time.  i can't wait to get the DVD and see it again!
B000002VQQ|5.0|Patti Smith's \\"Horses\\" starts out with some soft, mournful piano chords, courtesy of Richard Sohl. We then hear a most extraordinary, New York sounding voice, which declares \\"Jesus died for somebody's sins/but not mine!\\" And from this moment on, the listener is brought into a kind of wild, subterranean world, a world of poetry and mythos, a world, which is an extension of the very soul of the greatest poet to ever become a rock star. As the opening song, \\"Gloria\\" continues, picking up speed via Lenny Kaye's crunching guitar riffs and Jay Dee Daugherty's steady drumming, poetry merges with mid-60s garage punk, and a whole new world of possibility opens up. This is followed by the gentle, reggae derived \\"Redondo Beach,\\" which, it turns out, is one of Patti's great vocal moments; there is a rhythm to her voice which serves this, and other songs, very well, as here, she sings a sad tale which contrasts with the upbeat sound of the song. \\"Birdland,\\" one of the lengthier songs here, returns to the mournful sound of the beginnings of \\"Gloria\\" and is quite sublime. A few songs later is \\"Kimberly,\\" Patti's tribute to her sister, with some great lyrics and a nice steady, rocking beat. It's one of my favorite all time Patti Smith songs. The record climaxes with \\"Land,\\" a song sequence, in which Patti creates a near cinematic narrative, set in a high school filled with misfits. She brilliantly alludes to the popular culture of an earlier era.<br /><br />So, with this record, which sounded like absolutely nothing else that came out in 1975, Patti Smith begat a revolution. She is a historic link between the Dylan/Morrison/Lennon/Hendrix 60s and the CBGBs/Max's Kansas City punks of a few years later. Its hard to imagine folks like Courtney Love, Kurt Cobain, and all of today's female rockers like L7, Sleater-Kinney, and others, even existing, without her getting the ball rolling. While she is still a vibrant artist, this is the place to begin to explore the world of Patti Smith.
B00004Z459|4.0|Big guitars?<BR>Yes.<BR>The biggest, heaviest, loudest?<BR>No, but they don't always need to be.<br />Great vocals?<BR>Surprisingly, yes.<BR>NSync-like?<BR>Please!  Don't treat it like a crime that these guys can sing and, therefore, don't need to drown the vocals by cranking everything else to the point of distortion.<br />Is the rapping as good as Dogg?<BR>Apples and oranges.  Linkin Park ain't about Dogg.<br />Most important new band of the 21st century?<BR>Let's not get crazy about it.  They're good.  That's enough for now.  Just chill and enjoy the disc.
B00004SU5J|5.0|&quot;Tourist&quot; is one of my favorite CD's ever.  I kept it in constant to rotation for nearly a month when I got it.  The beats are infectious, the jazz totally swingin', and the playlist full of interesting moods and flavors.  So Flute is probably my favorite track, but there really isn't a bad one in there.  If you like your jazz more groovalicious or your electronic music more jazz-influenced, this is a great album for you.
B00005OM5L|5.0|What is most important in this DVD,isn't the fact of EC is better than ever.He's always in activity,and perfection in this case is the normal consequence!<BR>What really deserves an attention is the great band he created to this show,with expoents of blues scenery specially the participation of the harmonica master Jerry Portnoy,and Chris Stainton on keyboards,perfetly combination for that magnificent concert at Hyde Park,London.<BR>And what we need to mention too, is the extraordinary contribution of english musicians to the history of music specially Rock'n Roll and Blues!<BR>This concert,registered in this DVD,is of a primorous music quality,and the years of experience of the musicians at stage that night,are like a lesson,a good and emotional lesson to the youngers that never heard something like that before!<BR>This is what have been created many years ago,at 60's and 70's of the 20th century and will remains like one of the best era to the music scenery,an era that changed the humans like anyone other.And what we can see at this phenomenal DVD is the consequency of that work,those fantastic guys like EC,Beatles,Rolling Stones,Joe Cocker,B.B. King,Jim Capaldi,Eric Burdon,Led Zeppelin,John Mayall,Jimi Hendrix,Bob Dylan,Jim Morrison,The Who....and others.Some of them had passed by.Others will pass by one day too...So,their music will remains to the next generations like testimony of the most marvellous period in the history of the music.This concert is still to the eternity!!<br />Fantastic by the music,the musicians,the local,the crowd.......<BR>So, i'm proud to be alive in this moment just to join all this quality of music!!!!
B000055XMF|4.0|Though I still have my original double LP album of the Who's &quot;Quadrophenia,&quot; I must confess that I had never seen the filmed version until it played on the Bravo television network (in a toned down version) a few years back.  While Rhino's DVD is not perfect, it does provide, arguably, the best home viewing experience of this film to date.  The Who's music is used to good advantage in the film, though it never dominates the story.  &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; should definitely not be classified as a musical in the way that the film version of &quot;Tommy&quot; is.  In fact, the Who only acted as musical directors and allowed director and co-screenwriter Franc Roddam to bring his own vision to Pete Townshend's original story.  The result is one of the best profiles of English working class youth, though it may be a tough view for U.S. audiences too young to remember the &quot;British Invasion&quot; of the 1960s.<br />Make no mistake about it, &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; is a very English film that pulls no punches, and features a memorable performance from Phil Daniels.  Daniels, who's in virtually every scene, convincingly portrays Jimmy Cooper, the &quot;Mod&quot; who ultimately becomes disillusioned with everything around him.  In the DVD's accompanying audio commentary, Franc Roddam claims that all of the young actors in &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; were treated equally, i.e., there were no stars, but Daniels clearly carries the film.  What's remarkable is that he was only 19 when the film was made.  U.S. audiences will probably not recognize any of the cast members other than Sting who has a small, but important role as a &quot;Mod&quot; who's not exactly what he appears to be.<br />Rhino crams in the usual extras that DVD viewers have come to expect (the trailer, production stills, etc.) but, for me, there are two standout extras here.  Director Franc Roddam provides one of the best running audio commentaries that I've heard to date.  His is a nice balance of some of the technical aspects of making the film, as well as some of the artistic choices that he made in this, his first theatrical film.  The other great extra is a compendium of English films made during and immediately after the Mod era.  It covers the span from serious dramas to comedies and everything in between.  I'll be searching out a number of these films as a direct result of this feature.
B0000028W9|5.0|In preparing this review, it struck me how similar the title track and Waiting For The Miracle sound to Cohen's [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Ten New Songs]] album. There are plenty of classics here, from the soulful cover of Frederick Knight's \\"Be For Real\\", to the flowing, country-tinged \\"Closing Time\\" and the somber \\"Anthem\\" with its rousing chorus:<br />\\"Ring the bells that still can ring<br />Forget your perfect offering<br />There is a crack in everything<br />That's how the light gets in.\\"<br />\\"Democracy\\" is another tour de force with a lovely undulating rhythm and cinematic lyrics like: \\"It's coming from the homicidal bitchin'/that goes down in every kitchen/to determine who will serve and who will eat\\", while \\"Light As The Breeze\\" must rate as one of his most moving love songs with its transcending lines:<br />\\"So I knelt there at the delta<br />At the alpha and the omega<br />I knelt there like one who believes<br />And like a blessing come from heaven<br />I was cured and my heart was at ease.\\"<br />As Cohen's sole album of new material in the 1990's, this was a worthy follow-up to 1988's [[ASIN:B0000026J6 I'm Your Man]] and remains a masterpiece of poetry in song.
B000050XEI|5.0|This is the Enya album that turned me on to her music. It is the best of the best - which unfortunately for me became the standard by which I have judged all her other music. All of the tracks are excellent except perhaps \\"Tempus Vernum\\" which seems like the requisite \\"Chanting Clone Warriors on Parade\\" track that she has put on several of her CD's - still an interesting track though. I had no interest in New Age music until I heard this CD and Lorenna McKennitt's, \\"Book of Secrets\\". (I still have no interest in worshiping the creation rather than the Creator - but the music, the melodies of these artists can't be ignored) I have listened to this CD till my ears dissolved. Since then I have purchased other Enya CD's but this remains the best.<BR>Perhaps the only criticism that one can make of Enya's music is that it sometimes drifts in the direction of mindless vapidity. Nonetheless the haunting lushness of the melodies and the quality of Enya's vocal work still make this CD a \\"5\\" - and on this CD the lyrics of many of the songs would stand alone as works of poetry - which is not as true of her earlier CD's.<BR>BUT BEWARE ! I've heard is a \\"disco\\" version of the 3rd track \\"Only Time\\" being played on the radio. It stinks. Like some bozo who pours white sugar on a fruit salad thinking it needs to be sweeter. I totally don't recommend that version of this CD if such a thing is available. <BR>\\"A Day Without Rain\\" will probably become a classic. In time you will no doubt hear many renditions of these melodies done by other artists. I'd recommend it for almost anyone.<BR>Also the CD comes with a good booklet that contains all the lyrics.
0789723107|5.0|what does this book teach you.. you already know how to build great sites, and how to restrain yourself to that inate ability. <br />all you need is the &quot;rules of design&quot;, which I think someone posted in a review, because those are the principles you'll remember and walk away with.. buying the reading the book really only serves to make you believe in the value of those principles. <br />it's kind of slow reading because it tries to stretch out these principles over what is still in the end a short book..
0452282152|5.0|chevalier does an excellent job portraying the heroine, greit.  the book remains interesting throughout.  i enjoyed it.  it was an interesting way to view a painting.  i kept flipping to the cover to see greit in order to fully visualize her.  i thought it was very well written and certainly readable without a dull moment throughout.  i found myself fascinated and read whenever i got a spare moment.  girl with a pearl earring is definitely worth anyone's time.
B00005JKQX|4.0|'A Beautiful Mind' directed by Ron Howard, acted out by Russell Crowe, Ed Harris and Jennifer Connelly tries to portray the incredible life story of John Nash an exceptionally gifted Mathematician haunted by schizophrenic delusions. The movie is based on the life of the Nobel Prize winner, a biography of whom was written by Sylvia Nasar, named 'Beautiful Mind'. Russell Crowe's gripping portrayal of the young socially awkward Princeton student, the husband and parent tortured by delusions and the magnanimous and mature Nobel Prize winner, is worthy of commendation. He is well supported by the loving wife (Jennifer Connelly) and the Department of Defense Agent (Ed Harris)<br />The movie begins as Nash arrives at Princeton University where his eccentricities are revealed among the students and the staff alike. Here he develops a ground breaking economic theory, which gives him enough popularity to be on the front cover of Forbes magazine and to win an MIT professorship. But later his schizophrenic delusions would cause his dismissal. In the meantime, he meets Alicia a diligent student of his, whom he eventually marries. She proves to be a devoted and caring wife. The delusory world of Nash is populated by a 'prodigal room mate' with a fascination for D H Lawrence, an orphaned little girl and the Department of Defense Agent who is desperately after Nash in his work against the Russians. A psychiatrist enters the scene to tell the audience that these were mere creations of Nash's mind. The ordeal of psychiatric treatment and medications that follow, leaves him an emotional wreck. He now decides to recover his life without the aid of any medication. With the help of a friend he finds his way back to Princeton where he gradually wins the acclaim of the students and the esteem of the professors. Finally in 1994 he accepts in Stockholm the Nobel Prize for his economic theory, an achievement of his distant youth.<br />Ron Howard deserves credit for the well-crafted and superbly presented story of a genius' struggles with schizophrenia. But as many critics have pointed out he risks idealizing the Nobel Prize winner by ignoring some pertinent aspects of his life, like his homosexual encounters, his illegitimate child, his arrest for indecent exposure, his divorce and remarriage, and his decision to renounce American citizenship.  The movie makes the profound statement that the nature of the mind is not fully comprehensible. It also draws attention to the plight of those who suffer from mental illness in the society and the need for greater understanding and empathy. The film has a gripping effect on the average moviegoer.ly presented story of a genius' struggles with schizophrenia. But as many critics have pointed out he risks idealizing the Nobel Prize winner by ignoring some pertinent aspects of his life, like his homosexual encounters, his illegitimate child, his arrest for indecent exposure, his divorce and remarriage, and his decision to renounce American citizenship.  The movie makes the profound statement that the nature of the mind is not fully comprehensible. It also draws attention to the plight of those who suffer from mental illness in the society and the need for greater understanding and empathy. The film has a gripping effect on the average moviegoer.
B00005R87Q|4.0|this is a great movie if you are under 25.  it has everything teens look for in the movie. (and paul walker's pretty cute) this movie is worth your time, even if you just rent it.  i actually learned something about cars, being a teenage female, i know nothing about cars or racing but learned a little from the movie.  and ja rule's small part was pretty cool.
0804106304|3.0|I sympathized with this book. Because the story is the mother and daughter's conflict and I heve had this one at once. Everyone thinks like me, if you are a daughter that have Mother. <BR> Read this book and you understand your mother's feeling deeply!
B00005ATQI|2.0|Stephen King's THE SHINING, is one of the less suspenseful and less action-packed novels compared to most of his others.  Unfortunately, -as with most of King's flics, which are, generally-speaking, one-star debacles- the movie, \\"The Shining\\" isn't even half as good as the mediocre novel was.<br />The Shining is flawed in about every conceivable way: With the exception of Jack Nicholson, the remaining actors are far more insipid and less interesting and solid as the book would have you imagine them being.  The movie omits some of the novel's best moments, and when the movie DOESN'T omit suspenseful moments from the book, it either shows it in a very cheesy, unsuspenseful manner and/or doesn't follow the book accurately.  (E.g., Jack Nicholson was supposed to be using a mallet to injure people, not an axe; the black man arrived at the hotel by way of a snowplow with a roof, but in the book it was a snowmobile, etc.)  All in all, The Shining ends up being the most boring, suspenseless, and one of the cheesiest Stephen King flics I've ever seen.<br />The movie may be worth purchasing if you are an extremely die-hard King connoisseur, but if not then don't even consider this disastrous film.
0804106304|3.0|I sympathized with this book. Because the story is the mother and daughter's conflict and I heve had this one at once. Everyone thinks like me, if you are a daughter that have Mother. <BR> Read this book and you understand your mother's feeling deeply!
B000009ED0|1.0|Kid Rock's devil without a cause is bad attempt at trying to play some tough rock and roll star. The music on this album really lacks any sort of meaning. Do yourself a favor and save your money by not buying this album.
0446608955|5.0|I am 15 years old, and I am not really into reading. I happened to pick this book, and read it. This book was absoulutly with out a doubt, the best book I have ever read. This book is especially great for teenagers, and shows what we go through sort of. I would recomend this book to anyone, young or old!
B00004XMTH|1.0|This was an extreme disappointment!I like cats and I like A.L.Webber, but this is the stupidest, most boring musical I have ever seen.They sing the same tunes and do the same dance steps over and over until you are sick of them.Every song last FOREVER,on and on and on....I finally gave it away.Good riddance!I can't understand what all the hype was about.
0316286850|5.0|This book is great for the novice make-up artist.  This book show how to use to makeup correctly.  It was easy to learn.  Kevin Aucoin take you step- by step with picture and detail drawing of each application.  He shows you how to create specfic looks using trick of the trade.   This book is terrfic.  I recommended this book to everyone I know.
6303965415|4.0|If the pleasures of tea, a letter from a friend, sparkling oceans and ships appeal to you, this movie will be a delight. From the sunlit kitchen tables to the birds chirping at the country estates, you will find the atmosphere and sound very realistic.<br /><br />This is the story of two people seeking a second chance at happiness and almost seeming to pass by one another like two ships in the night. Neither is willing to say what they are feeling as both are still emotionally distraught from their unfortunate breakup.<br /><br />Anne (Amanda Root) is an angel of mercy to everyone around her. She not only provides care, she also seems to be everyone's confidante. In her eyes we see her own private torture, which she tries to hide at all costs. She feels that perhaps she made a mistake in rejecting the love of Capt. Wentworth (Ciar&aacute;n Hinds), who could not provide for her financially at the time. When he appears in her life again, she fears she may lose him forever.<br /><br />Her own family has gone in various directions due to their own financial difficulties. She is burdened with guilt and financial worries. At first she is shy and melancholy and then when she realizes love may again be within her reach, she blossoms into a beautiful woman who knows exactly what she wants.<br /><br />The temptation at the start of this movie is to just stop the tape and rewind. However, something in the story kept me watching and the conclusion was very worthwhile. The story is not complex, yet the finer details are worth following and are at times very amusing. Some of the dialogue is so wonderful you have to rewind just to listen to it again!<br /><br />Mr. Elliot: \\"Good company is always worth keeping.\\"<br />Anne: \\"My idea of good company, Mr. Elliot, is the fellowship of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation and a liberality of ideas. That is what I call good company.\\"<br />Mr. Elliot: \\"That is not good company. That is the best.\\"<br /><br />Or when Mr. Elliot is trying to seduce Anne into marrying him he tries to work his way into her heart with some blandishment and yet Anne is only engaging in a casual dalliance.<br /><br />Anne: \\"You presume to know me very well, Mr. Elliot\\"<br />Mr. Elliot: \\"In my heart...I know you...intimately.\\"<br /><br />A relaxing, beautiful and contemplative movie<br />you can enjoy on a cold day with a pot of tea and some<br />heart shaped shortbread cookies.<br /><br />Dreadfully Romantic!<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewing him he tries to work his way into her heart with some blandishment and yet Anne is only engaging in a casual dalliance.      Anne: \\"You presume to know me very well, Mr. Elliot\\"   Mr. Elliot: \\"In my heart...I know you...intimately.\\"     A relaxing, beautiful and contemplative movie   you can enjoy on a cold day with a pot of tea and some  heart shaped shortbread cookies.     Dreadfully Romantic!    ~The Rebecca Review
B00005R87Q|4.0|Ok guys. I'll make this quick. The Fast and The Furious lacks a plot, has crappy acting, and is incoherent in places. Yet I gave it four stars. You might think I'm out of my mind.<br />Who cares?<br />This is a movie based around cars, not people. The cars are amazing. They add crucial substance to this movie. Seeing the cars move (from the S2000 to the Jetta and so on) is exciting. Thanks to them, this movie is great.<br />But wait! If you're still gonna complain about this movie, get something like Gone in 60 Seconds (the one with Nick Cage). It's a lot deeper and is actually humorous in places.<br />On the other hand, if you liked this movie (as I do) and enjoy the cheap thrills of car chases (as I do) get the original Gone in 60 Seconds (the Original, not the '90s remake). You get the same style thrills. It's all cool.
0671688782|5.0|The book helps me know how to meet the needs of my adoptive children.  We increased the effectiveness of the techniques by going to a Martha Welch, M.D. multifamily treatment intensive.  The therapists were very sensitive to my children's needs and our efforts to hep them feel safe and loved.  Family members hold each other, but absolutely no sheets or other mechanical restraint is used.  Holding Time kept my family together and continues to be an indispensable guide.  I do have distress that some individuals make wildly false accusations about it.  I assume that most opponents are uninformed, have attachment issues they do not want to deal with, or are therapists using relatively ineffective or obsolete treatments and do not want competition.  I am eager for another book by Dr. Welch.
0451204530|3.0|&quot;Eye of the Needle&quot; was one of my favorite spy novels, so I was excited when I received &quot;Code to Zero&quot; for Christmas. As others have said, it is an amazingly quick read and an interesting story, albeit remarkably similar to Ludlum's &quot;Bourne Identity.&quot;<br />The one thing that struck me throughout the book was that I felt like I was watching [reading] a made for TV movie. I suppose part of the reason could be the layout of the book - each chapter is one of three sub-stories, and you get a piece at a time. Since every third chapter (roughly) is a continuation of one sub-story, it's quite a page-turner. I think the other reason it felt like a &quot;Made for TV Movie&quot; is that the quality just wasn't there. &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot; was a much better book, and I would bet Follett spent twice as much time writing it.<br />On an airplane? Need a &quot;quickie&quot; for a vacation? This is the book for you. A good story, a quick read, but not one you'll be thinking about after you put it back on your bookshelf.
B000021Y77|4.0|Besides being a strange but most interesting movie, the music is just great
B000000W5N|5.0|While most of us acknowledge that this is definitely one of the greatest Stones albums, I see it as their most IMPORTANT album, as it was the first post-Altamont album, a horrific event that marked the end of the turbulent '60s.  How would they respond?  Less evil, more rnb, a collection of great songs that also come together as a real album.  \\"Sway\\" just exudes drunken cool, one of my favorite songs ever.  And what a bonus!>>one of the best album cover ideas of all time.  I wish I had an original lp.
6305558167|5.0|My favorite film of all time. I have lost count of the number of times that I have seen it since it was first released in the theaters. Everytime I watch it, it seems that I realise a new level of meaning; every time I watch it it restoreth my soul- like the grail itself. The use of an Arthur with an Irish accent was brilliant- after all, the original Arthur was a Celtic Briton, not a Saxon oaf or a Norman thief... This film contains the central myths of Western man- sacred myths.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|After watching this DVD at least 10 times (and still counting), I just don't seem to tire of the music.  I think you either love the whole thing, or you don't.  But I feel sorry for those who don't.  I think the singers are wonderful.  The fact that Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor do their own singing is outstanding.  I know the story is simplistic, but most love stories are, and even so, I wanted it to go on and on.
B00005QDW1|5.0|With 2001 offering such lackluster music overall, I was totally and pleasantly surprised by this one. No Doubt has become a pioneer for music in this decade. The mid 90's marked a movement in intimate personal expression, which was amazing at first (Alanis, Sheryl Crow, old Jewel) which peaked in 1997, and soon had gotten really old (hearing \\"I Don't Wanna Wait\\" by Paula Cole every 5 minutes, blech)... and thus the boyband/Britney phase was ushered in. Now that the whole image-oriented manufactured musician trend has (finally!) collapsed, the industry's left without direction. The new stuff in the style that sounded good in the mid 90's now sounds uninspired and self-indulgent, and No Doubt has unabashedly and brilliantly dropped the pretense of \\"being deep and using big words\\" and created Rock Steady. All of the songs are catchy, ambient, and happy/simple without seeming cheap or saccharine. Simplicity is beauty, lyrically, on Rock Steady. Ballads like \\"Running\\" manage to be amazingly poignant without dumping a whole thesaurus into them. <br />\\"Hella Good\\" and \\"Making Out\\" are two of the most irresistibly danceable songs I've heard all year - a bit reminiscient of the Cardigan's \\"Erase/Rewind\\" for those who are familiar with them. \\"Don't Let Me Down\\" is a fantastic 80's revival, and \\"Waiting Room\\" with Prince has moments that makes you feel like you're whole room is being sprinkled with gold. The whole CD seems like an amalgam of a lot of places the music world has been since 1980 - and it's integrated in a way that celebrates it - makes it feel like the 80's and the millenium are one and the same, pulsating and radiantly alive.<br />For long time fans, the album is definitely a departure. As much as I loved Return of Saturn and older stuff, I think of this album as just adding a new chapter into the already impressive repertoire of songs they've made and I cheer them on for exploring a sound landscape that's both modern and retro. It may have been a risk for them,but No Doubt completely hit the spot with this one - simple, light, straightforward lyrics and songs that are just downright fun to put on.<br />Also, I'm sure this has been addressed elsewhere - but some of the mp3s floating around are just copies of the chorus repeating over and over. Probably some reviews down the line should be removed since the comments they make are about prank mp3s that have nothing to do with the album itself.
B00005JKQX|5.0|I walked out of the theater today in tears! The cast, the sets, the perfection of everything! Growing up with Ron Howard as \\"Opie\\" gives me satisfaction that there will be more of these to come! Great cast, great performance. A must to see! I will most definatly purchase the video! Two thumbs up!
B00005QDW1|5.0|With 2001 offering such lackluster music overall, I was totally and pleasantly surprised by this one. No Doubt has become a pioneer for music in this decade. The mid 90's marked a movement in intimate personal expression, which was amazing at first (Alanis, Sheryl Crow, old Jewel) which peaked in 1997, and soon had gotten really old (hearing \\"I Don't Wanna Wait\\" by Paula Cole every 5 minutes, blech)... and thus the boyband/Britney phase was ushered in. Now that the whole image-oriented manufactured musician trend has (finally!) collapsed, the industry's left without direction. The new stuff in the style that sounded good in the mid 90's now sounds uninspired and self-indulgent, and No Doubt has unabashedly and brilliantly dropped the pretense of \\"being deep and using big words\\" and created Rock Steady. All of the songs are catchy, ambient, and happy/simple without seeming cheap or saccharine. Simplicity is beauty, lyrically, on Rock Steady. Ballads like \\"Running\\" manage to be amazingly poignant without dumping a whole thesaurus into them. <br />\\"Hella Good\\" and \\"Making Out\\" are two of the most irresistibly danceable songs I've heard all year - a bit reminiscient of the Cardigan's \\"Erase/Rewind\\" for those who are familiar with them. \\"Don't Let Me Down\\" is a fantastic 80's revival, and \\"Waiting Room\\" with Prince has moments that makes you feel like you're whole room is being sprinkled with gold. The whole CD seems like an amalgam of a lot of places the music world has been since 1980 - and it's integrated in a way that celebrates it - makes it feel like the 80's and the millenium are one and the same, pulsating and radiantly alive.<br />For long time fans, the album is definitely a departure. As much as I loved Return of Saturn and older stuff, I think of this album as just adding a new chapter into the already impressive repertoire of songs they've made and I cheer them on for exploring a sound landscape that's both modern and retro. It may have been a risk for them,but No Doubt completely hit the spot with this one - simple, light, straightforward lyrics and songs that are just downright fun to put on.<br />Also, I'm sure this has been addressed elsewhere - but some of the mp3s floating around are just copies of the chorus repeating over and over. Probably some reviews down the line should be removed since the comments they make are about prank mp3s that have nothing to do with the album itself.
0783231202|4.0|A Spanish Slave Ship named \\"La Amistad\\", When the Ship Captains were murdered by a African Tribe, which they are innocent. A idealistic lawyer (Matthew McConaughey replaying his role from A Time To Kill) defend them for thier freedom, while batting the American Judical System.<br />Directed by Four Time Oscar-Winner:Steven Spielberg (Duel, The Sugarland Express, Jaws) has made himself a more successful film-which is based on a True Story than he did with the Underappciated \\"Empire of the Sun\\". Terrific Performance by Djimon Hounsou as the Lead Slave. Fine Performances by Morgan Freeman, Oscar-Winner:Anthony Hopkins (In a Oscar Nominated Role), Nigel Hawthorne, Stellan Sarsgard, Oscar-Winner:Anna Paquin, David Paymer and Pete Postlethwaite. Also Oscar Nominated for Three Different Oscars including:Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design and Best Music Score. This is one of Spielberg`s most underrated films, it`s a fine historial drama. Arliss Howard appears Unbilled. Grade:A-.
0446608955|5.0|This is a GREAT book. Being only 2 years younger then Landon in this book(2 years younger then he was at 17, that is), i really connected with him and the kind of guy he was. I think this is a sign of a VERY good writer, and Nicholas Sparks is very good. Landon is a lot like me in some ways and reading this book was very inspiring and a great read. It was a great love story with great characters and great writing. I highly reccomend this book without reservation to anyone, though, regardless of age, usual intrest in romance/love stories, or anything else.
0800177363|5.0|A Doctor (Robin Williams) believes people are in Catatonic are alive inside. The Doctor using an Experimental Drug on his Catatonic Patiens. He has successed with his First Recipient (Two Time Oscar-Winner:Robert De Niro) of this Medication.<br />Directed by Penny Marshall (Riding in Cars with Boys) made a terrific drama, which is Based on a True Story. Wonderful Performances by De Niro and Williams. Great Supporting Cast including:Julie Kavner, Ruth Nelson, John Heard, Penelope Ann Miller and Max Von Sydow. A touching, moving, unforgettable film. Grade:A.
B00005OLY5|4.0|A great little fantasy movie. A bit formulaic, perhaps, but most fantasy is.  I was amazed at the baby's ability to display emotion -- fear, dread, puzzlement, wonder -- she could do it all.  She is the secret star of this movie.
0783225733|4.0|When Three Men (Two-Time Oscar-Winner:Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton), who have been training to go in Space and Walk on the Moon. but it`s turns to be a Intense Journey, when they come close to Death. They have to find another way to get back to Earth and Going Back Home.<br />Directed by Oscar-Winner:Ron Howard (Williow, Far and Away, A Beautiful Mind) has made a well made film, which is Based on a True Story. Fine Performances by Hanks, Bacon, Paxton, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris(In a Oscar Nominated Role), and Kathleen Quinlan (In a Oscar Nominated Role). Director:Howard gives his Brother-Clint Howard a Small Memorable Role. Great Visual Effects by Digital Domain. Re-Release and Re-Edited for IMAX. Super 35. Grade:B+.
B00005K3O4|5.0|Killer Klowns is Hysterical. Kampy, Klunky, and Kustard-filled. This is the kind of movie only young maniacs like the Chiodos could dream up.  You'll never look at a balloon animal the same way again. Popcorn sticking to your sweater will seem ominous... Now I can get the creeps just by walking in my front door. Get the DVD. This movie is a kult klassic.
B00000JL86|4.0|When an Evil Sorcerer (Voiced by Christopher Lloyd) puts a Curse on the Reigning Romanor Family. Most of the Romanov Family are Murder expect for one girl named Anastasia (Voiced by Kristen Dunst as a Child and Meg Ryan as a Adult) and her grandmother (Voiced by Angela Landsbury) survived. Ten Years Later, the Orphaned Teen is Stuggling with Amnesia, when She Crosses Paths with her Exiled Grandmother.<br />Directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman. This film is a lavish musical fairy-tale romance and this is a Familiar but Gorgeously Rendered story. Supporting Voice Talents including:John Cusack, Hank Azana, Kesley Grammer and Bernadette Peters. This is a well made animated film. Cinemascope. Grade:B+.
B00005Q66T|3.0|I am a major fan of Madonna's who was dissapointed by the new collection.  Even though there has been Something to Remember...I fell all hits/singles releases from 1992-2001 should have been included plus a few new tracks!<BR>The tracks should have been:<br />1. This Used to My Playground<BR>2. Erotica<BR>3. Deeper and Deeper<BR>4. Bad Girl<BR>5. Rain<BR>6. I'll remember<BR>7. Secret<BR>8. Take a Bow<BR>9. Human Nature<BR>10. You'll See<BR>11. You Must Love Me<BR>12. Dont' Cry for Me Argentina (radio edit)<BR>13. Frozen<br />14. Ray of Light<BR>15. The power of Goodbye<BR>16. Nothing really matters<BR>17.  Drowned World<BR>18. beautiful Stranger<BR>19. American pie<BR>20. Music<BR>21. Dont tell me<BR>22. What it....<BR>23. Impressive instant<br />It could have been a two-cd set
B00005N915|4.0|When a down and out Private Investigator (Mickey Rourke) has been hired by a slighty odd sinister man named Louis Cyphre (Two Time Oscar-Winner:Robert De Niro) wants him to find a missing Singer in to order a Settlement on a Vegue Debt.<br />Written and Directed by Alan Parker (Pink Floyd:The Wall), which this film is not for all tastes and the Squeamish, this is Unique Film, which it`s hard to watch by Some Viewers. Intense Performances by Rourke and De Niro make this One a Winner. Also Especially from Lisa Bonet make This is a Frighting Disturbing film. Based on the Novel by Wiliam Hjortsberg (Legend). Grade:A-.
0446608955|1.0|From reading the other reviews, it seems the readers who gave the book the highest marks were young teens.  This makes sense; this book IS a young-adult story, and I would highly recommend it to those readers between the ages of 12 and 18.  But to consider it as a mainstream novel, it leaves much to be desired.  I love smaltzy, romantic stuff, but this was just too much to bear.  Toward the end of the story, I just couldn't wait for Jaime to die and get it over with.  Spark's The Rescue is a much better book on a more adult level.
6304140711|5.0|From the boy next door to every girls worst nightmare in a heart beat. A thriller that lets you love and hate the same character at the same time. Twists and turns keep your eyes glued to the television and Mark Walbergs gentle stare keeps you loving a psychotic. The ending keeps those who enjoyed the movie hoping for more. An ending scene with police divers keeps those who noticed it wondering, was he alive or was he dead? Just who's body were they looking for?
0671891634|2.0|Although chatty and an easy read, this book contains little information of actual use to the individual investor.  Lynch spends the vast majority of the book presenting anecdotes of his own stock-picking successes that occurred as part of his job managing Fidelity's Magellan fund.  He spends virtually no time presenting or discussing any of his less-than-successful picks (much less explaining why they didn't work out).  This leaves the reader with an extremely unbalanced picture of how easy (and likely) it is to &quot;beat the street.&quot;  Further, Lynch ignores the transactions costs that individual investors would have to face but from which he was effectively exempt. He also ignores the fact that his success was as a fund manager, purchasing hundreds of stocks, which individuals cannot do. He states that about five stocks could be enough for an individual investor-- but says nothing of the risk that such a lack of diversification would entail.  Although Lynch correctly encourages investors to know a lot about any stocks they choose, he provides little help in teaching us where to find such information-- most of Lynch's sources appear to be telephone conversations with CFOs and lunches with CEOs, options that are not available to us litte folk.  For far better advice, see Burton Malkiel's &quot;A Random Walk Down Wall Street.&quot;
B00005T30L|4.0|I have never read Ghost World, but I am a writer and an artist, and found the film to be well done, and depicting life in a deep thinking, poetic manner. The acting is great, the story is so true to life, that it should get some awards if it hasn't already. Ghost World depicts the lives of two friends, and how their choices affect their lives in very dramatic ways. A must see.
B00005QIPH|5.0|that anyone could say this album is overatted is crazy to me. this album is every bit as good as people say. My personal favorite song is the the title track a bit like The Pixies &quot;Where is My Mind&quot; with a funky bass line. Sounds strange but its excellent. one of my favorites in a very long time. a strong reccomendation.
0515123447|5.0|Mr. Child writes some of the most intellectual fiction I've read in years!  Jack Reacher has my vote, whatever he wants to run for.  This character is so solid, so capable, so intelligent, and so human that I'd like to write him a letter.<br />It's hard to rave about Mr. Child's books without giving away important points of the story.  Practically the minute Jack Reacher arrives in the small, perfect town in Georgia, he is arrested for murder.  The chief of police swears that he saw Jack at the crime scene, and Jack is forced to spend the weekend in state lock-up, where he must fight for survival.  But Jack has an alibi for the time of the murder and is released.  However, the killings are just beginning . . . .<br />I sincerely hope we will be having Jack Reacher adventures well into the future.
B00005NW02|5.0|THIS CD IS PURE MEDAL GENIOUS THE WAY THEY USE THIER VOICES AND SO ON. THE SONG DEER DANCE IS THE BEST SONG ON THE ABLM TOXICITY <BR>THIS SONG DIDNT TURN ME ON TILL THE 09/11/01 HAPPEND IT WAS THE PERFICT SONG FOR A MACRAMEDIA VIDEO THAT I DID IT REALLY SPONSERD THE EMOTION THAT WAS FELT WHILE THE ATTACKS WERE HAPPENING. THIS IS THE BEST CD AND SO IS THE FIRST. BEST OF THE BEST
B00004ZB9D|4.0|This album has 15 of Lenny Kravitz's greatest hits since since 1989. There are some real hits some near hits and a miss(song 15.)<BR>Song 1: \\"Are You Gonna Go My Way\\"-This is basically Lenny's best song so far.  It basically shot him through the stratosphere in Spring of 1993, two years after \\"It Aint Over Till  It's Over\\" took him half way there. The song paramounted over all that grunge and rap that seemed to mimic itself at that time. It made the hard rock sound from the 1970's cool among 1990's teens. I was 17 at the time.<BR>Song 2: \\"Fly Away\\"-  His second most popular song. After having the past hits as a foundation, Lenny made a point that he is far from over. If the song was popular enough to use in an SUV commercial, then it was popular.<BR>Song 3: \\"Rock N Roll Is Dead\\"- A very true statement for its time; 1994-1995. What better way to make that point with a Zep-sounding intro. By then grunge killed itself and nothing else rocked.<BR>Song 4: \\"Again\\"- Sometimes there are cases that a new track is included on a Greatest Hits package and it isn't really a hit. This song does not have that flaw at all. It is probably one of his best slower songs.<BR>Song 5:  \\"It Aint Over Till It's Over\\"-  It's not his first hit or his best but it is his breakthrough hit back in 1991. It had the mellow sound of the 1970's with the strings and the guitar grooves.<BR>Song 6: \\"Can't Get You Off Of My Mind\\"- It's an OK song<BR>Song 7: \\"Mr. Cab Driver\\"- It's a nice song as far as telling a story.<BR>Song 8:  \\"American Woman\\"- A cover song from The Guess Who. A respectable re make musically. This song is also found on the soundtrack for the second Austin Powers movie.<BR>Song 9: \\"Stand By My Woman\\" - OK to mediocre song.<BR>Song 10: \\"Always On The Run\\"- OK to mediocre song.<BR>Song 11:  \\"Heven Help\\"- Mediocre song.<BR>Song 12: \\"I Belong to You\\"- Nice song, almost romantic.<BR>Song 13: \\"Believe\\"- His best rock ballad type song.<BR>Song 14: \\"Let Love Rule\\" - His first hit but far fromhis graetest.<BR>Song 15: \\"Black Velveteen\\"- A weird new wave sounding song that is out of place in this album.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|This has to be one of my all time favorite movies.  I don't own many, but I'm glad I own this.  I am inspired.  I was transported back to my past.  Thank you, thank you, for this work of genius, Cameron Crowe.  You are the best.
0446678430|1.0|I browsed the book in the bookstore and thought it would be a great one.  However, I was pretty disappointed after buying it and ploughing through 335 pages.  As many of the other reviews have stated, There are both good (not great) points and bad points.<br />The good:<BR>Discussion of &quot;Context&quot; - How you perceive money, risk, etc can limit or enhance your ability to make money.<BR>Discussion of Leverage - relying on growing your personal equity (ie savings or salary) is not nearly as powerful as responsibly wielding debt in your favor. Particularly in the area of real estate investments.<br />The bad:<BR>As other reviewers have already noted, the book is very repetitious, particularly when it comes to the author's anecdotal stories and philosophy. The book also lacks anything resembling a &quot;game plan&quot; since it provides VERY superficial coverage of real estate investing, stock market investing, and starting a business (and I mean THIN).  He makes frequent references to other books, authors for details.<BR>I also agree with the reviewer who said the content could be reduced to a pamphlet. And the &quot;money is everything&quot; attitude that seems to infect the author is somewhat annoying...even if most of us fall prey to the temptation to think that way (which is probably why it's a best seller).<br />If you are looking for a book to give you some &quot;idea-seeds&quot; on where you can make money (ie real estate, stock market, starting a business), then this isn't a bad book to skim through.  I would have given it 4 stars if it had been 50 pages rather than 335.  <br />If you are looking for a book to really give you practical advice on HOW to get there you'd be better off looking for a book that is more focused on the particular area of interest.
B00005OWIU|4.0|The first edition soundtrack is wonderful, however I was disappointed that the actual movie music for Diagon Alley as well as the Great Hall was not the same as on the CD.  The movie version was wondrously uplifting and enchanting, and the CD version (not heard at all in the movie) was rather dull.<br />I'm waiting for the 2nd edition (will there be one?) of this soundtrack to become available!!
0446678430|1.0|I browsed the book in the bookstore and thought it would be a great one.  However, I was pretty disappointed after buying it and ploughing through 335 pages.  As many of the other reviews have stated, There are both good (not great) points and bad points.<br />The good:<BR>Discussion of &quot;Context&quot; - How you perceive money, risk, etc can limit or enhance your ability to make money.<BR>Discussion of Leverage - Relying on growing your personal equity (ie savings or salary) is not nearly as powerful as responsibly weilding debt in your favor, especially in the area of real estate investments.<br />The bad:<BR>As other reviewers have already noted, the book is very repetitious, particularly when it comes to the author's anecdotal stories and philosophy. The book also lacks anything resembling a &quot;game plan&quot; since it provides VERY superficial coverage of real estate investing, stock market investing, and starting a business (and I mean THIN).  He makes frequent references to other books, authors for details.<BR>I also agree with the reviewer who said the content could be reduced to a pamphlet. And the &quot;money is everything&quot; attitude that seems to infect the author is somewhat annoying...even if most of us fall prey to the temptation to think that way (which is probably why it's a best seller).<br />If you are looking for a book to give you some &quot;idea-seeds&quot; on where you can make money (ie real estate, stock market, starting a business), then this isn't a bad book to skim through.  I would have given it 4 stars if it had been 50 pages rather than 335.  <br />If you are looking for a book to really give you practical advice on HOW to get there you'd be better off looking for a book that is more focused on the particular area of interest.
1577311523|5.0|I love this book, and it came along at the right time. If you have gotten significant spiritual guidance from books in the past, but often find that the messages repeat themselves, then try this book. Eckhart Tolle's advice builds upon Buddhist-oriented teachings I have read before, however, he has definitely helped me break new ground. His teachings have helped me find a new contentment in my life.
0060278234|5.0|Lirael was a fabulous sequel to Sabriel. Gripping, with realistic imagery mixed into Nix's fanciful tale of two very different lands, one of which is complete with the walking dead and magic, while the other the total opposite reality, with electricity and normality. The focus of the story is around the Old Kingdom (The magical reality) and it's difficulties in maintaining a stable country, while evil (free magic spirits, and the dead) does everything within it's power to distroy it all.
B00005QW5X|5.0|First off, &quot;Hedwig&quot; is a joy of a film with great songs -- from the hard-rocking &quot;Tear Me Down&quot; to the brilliant &quot;Origin of Love&quot; to the camp anthem &quot;Wig in the Box.&quot; Like a lot of musicals, and a lot of films, for that matter, it gets a teensy bit wobbly toward the end, but so what? Mitchell's performance is great, the movie is hilariously original, and Hedwig's quest is honestly quite moving. But best of all, the DVD package is great. It includes a 90 minute documentary that's an outstanding complement to the feature, practically as enjoyable as the movie itself. I liked the year's other reinvention of the musical (&quot;Moulin Rouge&quot;) and its DVD release as well. But of the two films, &quot;Hedwig&quot; is far superior, with a real emotional core and brand new point of view.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|This has some good songs on it, and it's worth buying if you're a real Dylan fan. However, for most people, I'd say that you'd do better to listen to Highway 61 Revisited a few more times than go out and buy this CD. It's a good album, but it's nothing compared to Dylan's classic albums. The truth is, Dylan's albums after Blood on the Tracks have mostly been superfluous. The fact that this is one of the best albums of the year says more about how decrepit today's music industry is than it says about the quality of this album
B00003CXIY|3.0|This is one of those movies that is just fun to watch.  It has a lot of the teen/young adult typical situations, but with some new and funny twists.  And yes, it answers that question for everyone (warning: possible spoiler): girls stand around topless because a guy is telling the story.  <br />The extras on this dvd are minimal, but fun.  There are some deleted scenes, and &quot;behind the scenes&quot; mini-documentary.  This movie is *not* appropriate for children.
0671449028|5.0|The pictures (like all the Boynton books)are adorable!  It's a fun book to read and our 10 month-old enjoys listening to it and looking at the pictures.  I say 6-18 month because we expect to start reading longer stories once she gets a little older, but a few of these short Boynton books work great for short attention spans.
B000003B6J|4.0|The album that started it all.  Throughout the early 90's the pop charts were assaulted with the phenomenon later dubbed \\"gangsta rap\\" and whether you enjoyed that particular period or not, \\"Straight Outta Compton\\" is where it all began.  While NWA's profane, sexist and violent lyrics are mostly used for shock value, the group sometimes succeeds in providing a harsh social commentary (most notably in F*** The Police) with a real purpose.  Producers Dr. Dre and Yella lace the album with a wide variety of beats that remain funky and hardcore at the same time while rappers MC Ren, Eazy-E and Ice Cube maintain the street gangster image without sounding forced.  Definitely not a flawless effort, but this is a must have album if only for history value.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|This movie is horrible.  If you like a chaotic mess of unimaginative song, choppy story lines and you just really need to waste 3 hours, then I urge you to run, not walk, and get this DVD.  I watched the entire thing just to be if it could possibly get any worse, and it did!  I don't know what everyone was fussing about, this movie is just plain horrible and in my opinion, the worse movie I've seen in about 10 years!
0671027344|5.0|This book was given to me as a gift, after being recommended for a year before that.  It was a skeptical gift, as I wasn't sure how I would react to a series of letters written by an adolescent.  I had read my coming of age books when I was actually coming of age, and didn't believe I had much more to learn about 'growing up'.<br />How wrong I was.  I was impressed by the novel's tone and its ability to speak about both 'participating' in life and it's co-theme of stepping back to observe.  I enjoyed this book from beginning to end, and know it will be a gift to be shared for birthdays and special gifts from now on.
B00003CXTF|3.0|I thought this movie was very entertaining and worth the price of the movie.  I had heard all of the negative press and read quite a bit of the reviews this movie earned, so I was prepared for the worse.<br />However, I found the movie to be incredibly engaging, highly entertaining and visually stunning.  It was not made to be a docudrama about the attack on Pearl Harbor.  It is a summer movie that uses Pearl Harbor and the attack by the Japanese as a back drop to tell a story.  Granted, the story has been told before (many times), but it is still entertaining.  And the visual effects the producers used in this movie certainly raise the bar for other action movies (war or not) to attempt to meet.<br />The actors did a good job, although I don't think there are any more cliches they could have written into the dialogue of Alec Baldwin's character.  <br />The additional material included on the DVD add to the experience of the movie, and allow the viewers to appreciate both the art of making a movie like this and the experience of the people this movie tries to portray.  I was disappointed that the 183 minute movie was split up on the two DVDs though, and not put all on one of the discs.<br />I really think that all of the people that have jumped on the &quot;attack Pearl Harbor&quot; band wagon should take a breath, step back, and look at the movie for what it is.  If they do that, they might be able to enjoy going to the movies much more.  I would recommend Pearl Harbor.  If you liked movies like Independence Day, Armageddon, Twister and Saving Private Ryan, you'll like this also.
0446608955|5.0|This book was a wonderful love story, somewhat predictable, yet lovable because of it.  It's a feel-good book that renews your faith in life and love, with an ending that you can almost decide for yourself, but without the typical unsatisfaction of such an ending.  I would recommend this especially to teens because it relates to their age group.  What a fantastic book!
B00003CXTF|3.0|I thought this movie was very entertaining and worth the price of the movie.  I had heard all of the negative press and read quite a bit of the reviews this movie earned, so I was prepared for the worse.<br />However, I found the movie to be incredibly engaging, highly entertaining and visually stunning.  It was not made to be a docudrama about the attack on Pearl Harbor.  It is a summer movie that uses Pearl Harbor and the attack by the Japanese as a back drop to tell a story.  Granted, the story has been told before (many times), but it is still entertaining.  And the visual effects the producers used in this movie certainly raise the bar for other action movies (war or not) to attempt to meet.<br />The actors did a good job, although I don't think there are any more cliches they could have written into the dialogue of Alec Baldwin's character.  <br />The additional material included on the DVD add to the experience of the movie, and allow the viewers to appreciate both the art of making a movie like this and the experience of the people this movie tries to portray.  I was disappointed that the 183 minute movie was split up on the two DVDs though, and not put all on one of the discs.<br />I really think that all of the people that have jumped on the &quot;attack Pearl Harbor&quot; band wagon should take a breath, step back, and look at the movie for what it is.  If they do that, they might be able to enjoy going to the movies much more.  I would recommend Pearl Harbor.  If you liked movies like Independence Day, Armageddon, Twister and Saving Private Ryan, you'll like this also.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Reviewing this movie is like reviewing Shakespeare.  This film sets the standard for films forever after.  I don't think it won an Oscar, being beat out by Amadeus and Gandhi, if I recollect correctly.  They don't have an award for comedy films, do they?  If they don't, they should.  Comedy's tradition is as old, and is as noble, and is as Grecian as tragedy's tradition, and you feel good when you are done.  Moreover, humor can sometimes teach truth in a way that steely seriousness can't.<br />I think the appeal of Ghostbusters is threefold.<br />First, this film cuts across genres.  It it's a sci-fi-fantasy-comedy-horror-action-adventure.  This means that there is something for everyone here.  Few films can keep up-examples are the horror-fantasy-musical \\"Rocky Horror Picture Show,\\" or the sci-fi-action-adventure-roamnce \\"Buckaroo Banzai.\\"  When it is done well, it is absolutely fabulous, being a cinematic hero sandwich, with a little bit of everything on the bread for everyone.<br />Secondly, the irony.  These ex-Saturday Night Livers know their craft, and work their witchcraft well in this film.  You start out seeing three university professors getting expulsed, and their funding cut, then you end up seeing a giant marshmallow man being set on fire, and finally exploding.  It is much like a comedic \\"Heart of Darkness.\\"  The slow unraveling of reality is the key to the film.<br />Thirdly, the characterizations.  Egon is the brains.  Ray is the heart, and fundamentally naive the one.  Veckman is the class clown.  Dana is the love interest.  And Lewis is the nerd.  I think every stereotype is here, except the fat character, and the masculine female whose father wanted a son, so hje raised her as one.  But I digress.<br />Moreover, the characters interact with one another on camera in a way similar to off-camera interaction.  They play the character in a rather subtle manner so that you are pulled into the cinematic illusion.  Theses aren't superhero Supermen or Doc Savages who have the answers at their fingertips.  They are regular men, which is to say that they are \\"Everyman.\\"  And this is the key to the tension-you know they have good hearts and they are screwing up their courage, but you are not sure if they are able to stop the Gozarian.<br />Yes, these are stereotypes, but these top-notch actors being the breath of life to what would normally be flat and shallow characters.  You rally behind this rag-tag group of superhero-scientists as they fight the ultimate evil of Gozer the Gozarian.<br />There is an honorable mention: the catharsis.  We are scared of the dark, and have good reason due to crime, and the fact that many carnivores and predators are nocturnal.  But we have this inborn fear of ghosts and demons and evil sprits that cuts across cultures and religions.  This film provides a way to laugh at that fear, and in a sense gives up hope that we can stop these marshmallow goliaths, weather they lurk in the Id, or just under the bed.<br />This is a great film, and I wish that they could make more like it!  It has a good heart, and strong messages about teamwork, the value of science, the value of humor in the workplace, and it also advocates a loose spirituality.  No, it is not my particular denomination, but a small something is better than nothing!<br />The DVD is everything you would ever want-animated menus, deleted scenes, and director commentary.  I found the early drafts of ghosts and the \\"Ghostbusters\\" logo to be interesting, and the early starboards were the icing on the cake!  The trivia subtitles are also killer.  Yes, I am one of those who like to know about all the trivia and trifles of a film.c Savages who have the answers at their fingertips.  They are regular men, which is to say that they are \\"Everyman.\\"  And this is the key to the tension-you know they have good hearts and they are screwing up their courage, but you are not sure if they are able to stop the Gozarian.<br />Yes, these are stereotypes, but these top-notch actors being the breath of life to what would normally be flat and shallow characters.  You rally behind this rag-tag group of superhero-scientists as they fight the ultimate evil of Gozer the Gozarian.<br />There is an honorable mention: the catharsis.  We are scared of the dark, and have good reason due to crime, and the fact that many carnivores and predators are nocturnal.  But we have this inborn fear of ghosts and demons and evil sprits that cuts across cultures and religions.  This film provides a way to laugh at that fear, and in a sense gives up hope that we can stop these marshmallow goliaths, weather they lurk in the Id, or just under the bed.<br />This is a great film, and I wish that they could make more like it!  It has a good heart, and strong messages about teamwork, the value of science, the value of humor in the workplace, and it also advocates a loose spirituality.  No, it is not my particular denomination, but a small something is better than nothing!<br />The DVD is everything you would ever want-animated menus, deleted scenes, and director commentary.  I found the early drafts of ghosts and the \\"Ghostbusters\\" logo to be interesting, and the early starboards were the icing on the cake!  The trivia subtitles are also killer.  Yes, I am one of those who like to know about all the trivia and trifles of a film.
B00004Z459|5.0|to me, linkin park is a blend of hip-hop, alternative, and metal with electronic flourishes. the old name of the band and the name of their cd, hybrid theory, basically means different elements all composed together to make a single theory, and i think that captures the groups sound perfectly. <BR>when i listen to linkin park, i can relate to the lyrics, i can follow what mike shinoda, the rapper, is saying, unlike other rap artists who just spew a bunch bull off so fast no one can decifer it. the vocalist, chester bennington, adjusts his voice appropriately to the tone from coarse to smooth. with the soulfull guitar and electronic finishing touches, this is one cd you shouldn't pass up.
B00005MP58|5.0|This version is far and away the best and truest representation of Austen's P&amp;P book. The costuming is incredible, the scenery sublime, the acting flawless - in a word, utter and complete perfection. I especially loved seeing the beautiful English countryside displayed so magnificently. Colin Firth's Mr. Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle's Elizabeth Bennet are brilliantly portrayed. The entire cast deserves a standing ovation for representing their characters so tremendously well. (Mrs. Bennet is a hoot!) If you enjoy period pieces, then you will love this film! I was most impressed with the way that the dialogue endeavours to remain true to Austen's original work (though I'm certain it was no easy task for the actors). Can I give it more than 5 stars??? Very enjoyable!
B000007WNN|5.0|Spring of 1986. I'm riding in the back seat of my friend Lisa's Ford Mustang, windows down, not a care in the world. She pops in a cassette tape and out comes that crunching riff - you know the one: dun-nuh-nuh-nuh, dun-nuh-nuh-nuh. 'Wildflower'. That's all I needed to hear. I was in love - with the Cult. I would go on to purchase everything by the Cult that I could get my hands on, including the early stuff recorded as the Southern Death Cult. But, none of it - and I mean none of it - topped Electric. It's probably heavier than some of you can handle, but for those of you who like the idea of AC/DC-like riffage combined with a deeper-voiced Robert Plant-like vocalist, this is an album you've got to have in your collection. One of the great metal albums of the 1980s - an astonishing accomplishment considering that the Cult's previous album, Love (also great in its own right), was more Sisters of Mercy than Slayer. Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy are one of rock's top vocalist-guitarist combos. Get your hands on Electric and find out why.
B00000IUT7|4.0|This is a great addition to my son's Brio train set. It is a little pricey, but well worth it. We have had no trouble with the train getting over hills. The smaller, green battery- operated engine, does have less power and would have occasional trouble climbing the steeper hills (like the hill with the basic figure-8 layout). The sounds and lights are a cute bonus.<br />For those having trouble with the hills, you might want to try your track on non-carpeted surfaces. We have found that plush carpet tends to make the track less flat.
6304712936|1.0|With the VHS (video) version, the story is more complete in the sense that you see the whole story as it was originally portrayed in the movie.  The DVD cuts the story short in the sense that it ends with the requiem.  <br />The company manufacturing the DVDs should inform customers in advance that in order to get the whole story as seen in the movies, they (the customers) must purchase more than one DVD.  Or did I miss something?
0393317552|5.0|In his brilliant analysis of why European societies and culture were and are dominating the rest of the world, Jared Diamond takes into account numerous empirical evidence through the multi-disciplinary fields of anthropology, biology, etymology, sociology, chemistry, evolutionary psychology and others, to find some concrete answers beyond the rubbish of accounting all of Europe's superiority of recent years to genetic IQ and skin color.<br />Starting with carbon dated evidence and historical tracings of domesticable plants and foods, Diamond lays out the factors necessary for a large, sedentary population to develop that supports skilled professions through the storage of surplus foods and the appropriate governance necessary for advances through rules established by a legitimate leader. Linked very closely with religion/spiritualness, these rulers certainly added their own unique take and skills to environmental scenarious, but they got to were they are due to the fortunate circumstances of their initial environments.<br />Outlining the necessary transformation and characteristics necessary for a transformation from wild to domesticated plant and animal species and hence the spread of knowledge due to increased competition, trade, and travel aided by the predominant east-west axiz of temperate climate and similar environments that spread from China to Portugal through Eurasia.<br />Unfortunately (fortunately if your on the lucky side), things didn't pan out similarly and fall into place so that advanced civilization could be created over a vast and spreading area over other parts of the globe. This didn't occur because of something lacking in the inventiveness, drive, ambition, and ingenuity of homo sapiens from different parts of the globe, but from a lack of adequate environmental, climatological, and biological resources available.<br />This book is a bit tedious at times, because it applied it's methodology to other parts of the globe, which is both repetativeand necessary to establish consistency, but it still gives you a unique and new perspective on viewing the long-term history of the world and the future evolution of it.<br />Undoubtedly, humans become specialized in special skills from different parts of the globe and what Diamnond doesn't do is go to the next step of establishing whether genetic differences could have and are still occuring and evolving due to the different environmental schema of people's surroundings. Despite this he combines his examples from real-life findings brilliantly to compose a well-established text for future pondering generations wondering why exactly the engagements of cultures led to a European domination of them circa 1500-2000.
B00000K2SC|2.0|'The Matrix' was the big unexpected smash of a few summers ago.  It elevated Keanu Reeves to A-List material again, dazzled us with special effects and presented an interesting view of the not-so-far-away future.  Unfortunately, just like the world it talks about, it is a showy illusion.  The central idea is so clever that, with stupendous special effects hammered at you constantly, you almost don't notice how superficial this movie really is.<br />In it we find Neo (Keanu Reeves) as a humble computer hacker who discovers that the world he lives in is The Matrix, an illusion and he is 'The One' chosen to free the world.  Along for the ride are Morpheus (Fishburne) and cute love interest Trinity (Moss).  The big problem though, are the agents, led by Hugo Weaving, who are constantly on the tail of these renegade humans.  Whilst the idea that the human race are merely being fed an image of reality by robots that have taken over the Earth after an inter-planetary war is absolutely brilliant.  It tapped into the public subconscious already exploited by public paranois films before it and 'The Matrix' became a smash hit.  <br />But besides from its central idea is there really anything that good about it?  The answer is a resounding no.  For once it's not Keanu's fault.  He may not be able to act but he looks enough of a hero to carry off this movie.  Fortunately he's also ably supported by a good cast and special effects that are truly out of this world, no pun intended.  The integration of slo-mo effects of a bullet moving slowly towards a person coupled with fantastic martial arts stunts definitely make it a movie to watch for its special effects.  However, the same choreographer for 'The Matrix' later worked on the superior 'Crouching Tiger' with much more grace.<br />At the end of watching this you'll have doubtless been taken in by the showiness of it all.  However, all it really resembles is a flashy computer game, brim-packed with special effects but lacking a script.  The romantic subplot is unnecessary, it doesn't lead us on to the sequel and it falls over itself once it starts to think that it's clever.  Still, it will doubtless become a cult classic of it time, especially with its teen demographic, even if it doesn't say one thing about society at the time - just the gullible theatre-goers.
038533348X|5.0|My dad told me to read this book and I looked at him like  he was crazy. I hadn't read a book any harder than Harry Potter and MAD magazine for the last few years, why would he expect me to read this mumble jumble. I agreed to give it a try and sat down and read the back. It sounded like a intersting book so I decided to read the first chapter or so. After about an hour of reading I realized that I could not put the book down. One thing about Cat's Cradle is that it is very well written but it doesn't have a high diffuculty of reading, so a boy like me could read and enjoy it. Cat's Cradle is a very fun and a feel good book, but it has suspence and drama that keeps tou on the edge of your seat. The book features a whole made up religion, started on a crazy made up island and crazy characters on the island and even a crazy substance that could end the world, all this coming from the mind of Kurt Vonnegut, who wrote the wonderful tale. I think that if there is 5 books that everybody should read in their lives, this should be one of them. Cat's Cradle is just so imaganitive it just makes you want to be inside the book. So if you haven't read this book, I suggest you jump out of your seat right now and go to the library and read Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle. It is a great book.
B00005OAA6|2.0|This album was panned before it even came out and poor Victoria has had a lot to deal with.  Money, fame, celebrity status... oh, the woes of being a Spice Girl.  Oh course, there's the occasional remark about lacking talent and lip-synching too.<br />Straying from the usual pop and trying her hand at lite R'n'B, Mrs. Becks fails miserably.  Jam packed with limp mid-tempo, trite R'n'B ditties, this album is definately one of the weaker solo debuts from the Spice Girls.<br />Nonetheless, deliteful indulgances include Midnight Fantasy, I Wish and Unconditional Love.  Other than that, there's not much to work with, although if you like songs dedicated to the Beckhams, check out IOU and Every Part of Me.
B00005B36H|5.0|When I bought this CD, i didnt know what would be on it. After listening to all 78 mins of it, i knew that i had made the right choice. The music will stay in your head for weeks and you will be left thinking about what MJK was trying to say when he wrote the songs. They all have deep thoughts to them and will take a while to understand the meaning.
B00005RHGK|4.0|You have to love a bad guy who does his own thing.  This movie keeps moving, without getting bogged down. The bad guy is bad, with blade (the movie) type moves. It's closer to a comic book than a horror film. Many will dislike the ending, but bad guys do bad things. The acting was well done, and although nothing really different happens in this movie, it did avoid the predictable idiot moves that most characters and action seems to make in horror films.<br />The bad news is that the director forced a goofy song into the plot that we hear too often. Also there was not enough action. Still this one goes on the shelf at my home. Rent before buying, but I think you'll like it.
0486650677|5.0|Lanczos' book is a compelling analysis of the principles of Lagrangian and Hamiltonian mechanics. It reminds me a bit of Feyman's Lectures on Physics because it focuses on the motivating principles behind advanced mechanics. In an elegant and flowing style, Lanczos guides the reader through a walking tour of the principles of mechanics, peppered with historical footnotes. If you understand how to use mechanics, but want to understand how the underlying principles are developed, this is an excellent choice.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Look, I love Whitney...I always have and I probably always will, but I was a little disappointed with some of the songs on this album.  They just don't make me think of Whitney.  Sure &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;, &quot;My Love is Your Love&quot;, and &quot;When You Believe&quot; are great, but some of the others just kind of ruin my faith in Whitney.  I'm giving her a four because despite my disappointment, I still love the cd and not many people can compete with her talent.
0452281881|5.0|Don't write this one off as being just another novelty book.  Aside from the clever format, there's also a great story. And great characters. Characters that anyone in the ad industry will recognize. By just reading other people's inner office emails, you discover so much about everyone. I found it very hard to put down.
0671510991|5.0|At the present time I am attending University to get my Master's degree in International Relations.  I bought this book so that I could use it for a paper I was writing, but it turned out to be much more than just a source, it became an indispensable part of my educational process.  Diplomacy is more detailed and filled with such insight that leaves every one of my textbooks or required readings in the dust.  The first half of this book talks about European politics and the evolution though World War II.  It is so richly detailed that I know every time I read it after this I will glean more useful information and facts.<br />the second half discusses the United States and it's emergence as a superpower until the end of the cold war and the first Bush administration.<br />Even if you disagree with his conclusions and ideas it is a fascinating read and great insight to American diplomats.  Kissinger does not pull many punches in this book.  The fault of the French in the 1800's, the fault of the Germans in the first half of the 1900's, the fault of the British and their detachment from Europe, the missteps of American foreign policy and it's times of isolation.  It is all in there.  I cannot recommend this book high enough.  It is truly exceptional.
B00003W8NM|2.0|The problem with Fight Club, as Roger Ebert pointed out, is that it is basically talking out of both sides of its mouth.  The movie begins with a fine piece of acting by Edward Norton, who plays a basic nobody, emasculated and ground down by consumerism and conformity.  Fight Club carries this off pretty well, given how trite the theme is by now.  <BR>At any rate, Edward Norton's character meets Tyler Durden (played by Brad Pitt), a truly liberated and empowered male, i.e. everything that Norton's character is not.  Together, they come up with the idea of transcendence through \\"Fight Clubs\\" of men beating the living hell out of each other.  Supposedly, this will put whiny Gen X-ers in touch with their primal, messier, emotional instincts, which society has breeded out of them.  They'll be free men, finally.  Unfortunately, it doesn't quite work out, things take a predictably fascist/terroristic turn, and then they get even worse.<BR>The problem here is the movie's moral center.  Look, it says, consumerism is empty and bad.  And the 'solution,' it says, is also bad.  The audience is not supposed to hold a positive view of the fascist entity Project Mayhem eventually becomes.  But while the movie's condemnation of consumer culture is scathing, the shots it takes at Project Mayhem are halfhearted at best.  Why?  Because it sells itself on scenes of gruesome violence rather than intelligence, and so it needs to show ever more guys pounding each other.  It can't quite make the appropriate moral judgment of Pitt's character because it's partially in league with him and everything he represents.<BR>I can't buy condemnation of violence and terrorism from a movie that is chock full of scenes of violence and terrorism photographed so as to make high schoolers go, \\"Whoa, cool.\\"  It is unfair for a movie to bring out scene after scene of lovingly filmed violence for its audience to marvel at, enjoy, and buy tickets to see, and then at the very end, cough and say \\"Uhm, violenceis bad.  Well, goodnight, folks.\\"<BR>Look, I have no problem with violence in film.  I love action movies.  But Fight Club tried some cheap cinematic sleight of hand to explain it's way into intelligence, while still shoveling more slop at the lowest common denominator.<BR>The film is well made, as far as it goes, and Norton is a great actor.  But for the avid fans of Fight Club out there, let me say this: It's not that I don't understand or am offended by this movie.  I understand it perfectly.  Maybe better than you do.  Believe me, I get it.<BR>And it still sucks.
0783231032|3.0|This 1979 WWII comedy spectacle bombed when it first released but its not as bad as its reputation suggests.  Steven Spielberg's direction in this movie can be compared to some of the type of direction of today's big budget films (i.e Armageddon). The movie is noteworthy for the fact that it boasts an all-star cast including Tishiro Mifune, Christopher Lee (as a German officer on board the Japanese sub as a guest), stars from SNL, Second City, and stars from tv sitcoms of the 1970's. Also, it's one of the few movies John Belushi did before his untimely death. There are a lot of people screaming, great special effects and stunts, and some outrageous characters.  The plot is mainly about a Japanese submarine that is off course, arriving in the L.A. harbor, and causing hysteria among the L.A residences. With that, there are related subplots such as Belushi's Wild Bill Kelso flying an airplane to L.A. and Ned Beatty's Ward Douglas receiving an anti-aircraft gun from the army to be placed on his beachfront backyard. Some standout supporting performances from Bobby Di Cicco as Wally Stephens, an unlisted man whose only joy is to dance in his zoot suit, and Dianne Kay (from TV's EIGHT IS ENOUGH) as his girlfriend.  These two (along with Robert Stack as General Stillwell) are the \\"calm in the hurricane\\" or the only sane people in this movie.  The rest are all too cartoony and over the top. This is the type of movie to watch as background noise if you are doing other things like writing your bills, doing your homework, or surfing the net. You can look up occasionally to catch something for a chuckle or two.<br />Note:  Back in 1979, Dan Ackroyed must have been embarassed by this movie.  In movie ads and posters released after this film, his face is removed from the original movie poster and replaced with someone else's face.
B00005R87Q|5.0|The movie is full with Awesome camera angle,special effect , CG...<BR>DVD is great..12 deleted scenes (as I remember)..a lot of bonus like Special Effect Composite....Funny Fact! Director appear in the scene as a pizza guy and producer show up in the short scene too but his scene was cut. After I rent this one, I bough it next day..If you just watch from VCR..it's so so..Recommend for incredible camera, action and just a little bit CG!
B00005LC1H|5.0|Right.  If you want to know precisely what you get on this spectacular set, then read on.  If you, however, like the element of surprise, then don't read it and just order it and bite your nails anticipating all the fantastic little...oh, just read the bloody thing!<br />Here is exactly all the wonderful little bits of fun that await you on the Fawlty Towers complete collection on 3 DVDs:<br />These are features every disc shares: Main menu options - Play all episodes, Episode selection, Scene selection, Subtitles (English, German, French).  Special features: Director's Commentary, Helpful Staff (Bios of main cast), Guest Registry (Bios of other cast members), Trailers - French &amp; Saunders, Father Ted, The League of Gentlemen, Wallace &amp; Gromit, and BBC America.<br />Disc One - 4 Episodes: A Touch of Class, The Builders, The Wedding Party, and Hotel Inspectors.  Special Features: Interview with John Cleese (1),  A visit to Torquay (Home of Fawlty Towers), Footage of the Fawlty Towers hotel, Customer Service tips (Clips)<br />Disc Two - 4 Episodes: Gourmet Night, The Germans, Communication Problems, and The Psychiatrist.  Special Features: Interview with Cleese (2), Interview with Andrew Sachs (Manuel), How to manage your staff (clips)<br />Disc Three - 4 Episodes: Waldorf Salad, The Kipper and the Corpse, The Anniversary, and Basil the Rat.  Interview with Cleese (3), Interview with Prunella Scales (Sybil), Out-takes, Tips for a successful marriage (clips)<br />Things I learned from Fawlty Towers:<br />1.  One nail isn't strong enough to hang a giant moose head on your wall.<br />2.  When your car doesent work, sometimes it helps to attack it with a tree branch.<br />3.  If you take a guest breakfast in bed and speak to him and he does not move or speak back to you - he may be dead.<br />4.  A burglar alarm and a fire alarm sound quite a lot alike.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|YES.....THIS IS THE WORST MOVIE EVER. I'M NOT SURE WERE TO START.<BR>ACTING, STORY LINE THERE IS NOTHING TO THIS MOVIE.
B00003CXN3|1.0|Unfortunately, I had seen the British TraffiK which was great. I suppose if I could understand the language the American Traffic might have been OK, but I couldn't really stay up with the subtitles.  I think about 60 per cent was in Spanish.  I need new glasses or a larger tv, or quick enough to hit the pause....Oh, well, the British film spoiled me so I'm a bit grouchy!
B00005U11Z|5.0|As a resident of the UK the chances of me ever getting to see Journey live are zilch.  Thankfully the anguish is easier to bare thanks to this rather splendid live DVD.<br />This performance captures the band in blistering form, the set is basically the greatest hits album and a couple of tracks from the then forthcoming album 'Arrival', but who's complaining? Not me.  <br />The sound is superb, the picture razor sharp, but best of all is the bands performance.  New vocalist Steve Augeri is the perfect replacement for Steve Perry.  Drummer Dean Castronovo is a powerhouse of a player, watch him smack those skins during 'Separate Ways' - wow.  Neal Schon is just Neal - i.e. perfect, Ross Valory shows what a consumate professional he is (and also that he has one of the fattest bass sounds around) and as for Jonathan Cain, well, another virtuoso.<br />The track listing has everything you could want on it, I would have liked to have seen somre more tracks from 'Arrival' but I'll take what I am given and this is more than enough.<br />Do you deserve this DVD??? Yes you do - BUY IT NOW!!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|It's uncommon manner of presentation makes this film unique &amp; sets it above the other suspense/thriller movies.  We immediately know how it ended right at the start of the movie but what makes it extraordinarily gripping is the series of events that led to its real denouement.  The 'twist' at the end of the film (which is actually the start of the entire movie) explains all the why's &amp; how's you may have felt while watching it.  Moreover, watching it the 2nd time around makes you comprehend more.  You realize that you missed something during your 1st viewing, &amp; watching it again helps you understand the film better.  My husband &amp; I have seen it twice, &amp; we still debate as to what has actually transpired.  Isn't that amazing?
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater fans are some of the luckiest fans in the world. this band has put out eight studio albums, three VHS tapes and a DVD in the past 10 years. Not to mention lots of side projects which includes the two Liquid Tension Experiment CDs which are basically Dream Theater without the vocals. <br />Not only do the put out so many albums but they put so much on the albums. All of them clock in at more then 70 min. of music. The two live CDs are a double and triple disk set. They just seem to be a band that loves what they do and they give their fans what they want and thats the music.<br />Which leads me to the new album Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence. not only does Dream Theater give us a new record but they give us a new double CD set (Man I love this band). The album has five songs on the first CD and the 42 min. epic title track on the second. I have only had time to listen to the album twice and I am not dissapointed. This will make all fans happy. If I had to pick a favorite it would have to be the title track on the second disk. I just really enjoyed the melodies and music arangements on this one. The first disk is great also with the very heavy &quot;The Glass Prison&quot; and &quot;The Great Debate&quot; Being the standouts here. I can't wait to see them live in Boston later this year. <br />I don't know if any of the band members read reviews like this but I just want to say thanks and keep up the great work.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Another Great Album.  The first cd is more experimental so I recommend that you listen to the second cd first.  Glass Prison will blow you away if you jump right into it!
B00000634J|3.0|First things first. I grew up playing guitar to all Beatles, and then John songs into the early 70's. I moved on to other things, but still remember the moment I heard of John's ending in 12/80.So its not easy to give a good bunch of his songs barely a better than average rating. For me, the main problem with John solo is his frequent displays of anger, which may be the result of some therapy, but does not really make for a great creative/musical and listening experience. Tunes like POWER TO THE PEOPLE, COLD TURKEY, WHATEVER GETS YOU THRU THE NIGHT, GIVE PEACE A CHANCE,STARTING OVER are just not good songs. Many of the rest,say MIND GAMES,MOTHER, WORKING CLASS HERO ( a rich man acting as if he's a 1930's union organizer) are not too much better. Still IMAGINE (overplayed or not), 9 DREAM ,WOMAN, WATCHING THE WHEELS (a song really about life, not a silly shouter) do hold their own. STAND BY ME has been done so many times its pop charm for me has long gone. If you're looking for timeless songs that really mean something, most of this album does not quite make it.But as a survey of one of the leading pop music lights of all time, its worthwhile,even if not a real essential.BTW, with 20 songs and 74 minutes, it is an excellent value though!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is incredible. I own and love OK Computer, but in my opinion this album is far superior. While OK Computer is a dramatic masterpiece, Kid A is bleak and minimalist. Personally, I think this minimalism conveys a far deeper emotion than OK Computer's overblown dramatics.
B000009M5E|5.0|After sampling other La Boheme's I came back to edit my review.  I'm still giving this recording 5 stars because it is my personal favorite, though it is by no means the popular choice among musicologists.<br />Pavoratti/Freni/Karajan is the one you always hear about, but it tends to splat on high notes and though Karajan's conducting is deep, Pavarotti's voice, though shattering and passionate, has way too much edge and has always sounded strained.<br />So, I still recommend this recording to first time buyers.  There is enough variation in the principles to get a good feel for who was who in opera, but it isn't a specialty recording to be bought because of one person or ensemble.  There is great musicianship and camraderie among the cast that shines through every moment.<br />Tebaldi and Bergonzi are the immortal pair every time they make a recording; it's always pure magic with the two greatest spinto voices put to good work.  Both are in their primes and sing quite touchingly, especially in the breakup scene in Act III.  Their tone is beautifully matched and this is one of the few recordings where Rodolfo is a spinto instead of a lyric tenor; it makes a BIG difference as he doesn't sound thin-bodied and whiny next to the heavy-hitting role of Mimi.<br />Ettore Bastianini has the most incredible (and rare!) voice ever to be heard and this is one of the few recordings he made.  He is in good company with Gianna D'Angelo who also made very few recordings.  Both of these artists bring fresh timbres to Marcello and Musetta, roles that can get dull when simply sung through.<br />Probably the best part of the entire recording is when Bergonzi and Bastianini sing \\"O Mimi, tu piu...\\".  There are several notes that hit certain resonances and make it sound as though there is a soprano joining them from somewhere above.  Truly divine musicmaking here.<br />... is right about Serafin being static, especially compared to Karajan or Solti.  But he is still a smart conductor who follows the singers and NEVER gets in their way, providing a perfect orchestral backdrop for beautiful singing to bounce off of.<br />The recording is old and there is a slight hiss throughout the entire thing, but I can't say that about the other versions I have heard with Pavoratti and Carreras which are full of splats, static, and certain nuances that try to make the recording sound live, but hinder it.  After all these years, this is still the best stereo Boheme you can buy.e singers and NEVER gets in their way, providing a perfect orchestral backdrop for beautiful singing to bounce off of.<BR>The recording is old and there is a slight hiss throughout the entire thing, but I can't say that about the other versions I have heard with Pavoratti and Carreras which are full of splats, static, and certain nuances that try to make the recording sound live, but hinder it.  After all these years, this is still the best stereo Boheme you can buy.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Very well done.  Careful, well constructed plot. (Remember plots?  Apparently, most newer movies can't afford them anymore.)  Everything supports the story.  <br />I have some quibles and this was probably done to make a few of the special effects, easier and less expensive.  They loose some sense of place by showing only a pitch-black night background during the train station scene.  It makes things look a little too studio sound-stage and a day or near day setting would have been better for those events.  The last scene is OK at night because the water, lights, and NY setting gives a sense of place.  <br />This is one of my favorite movies.  It seems like it has been worked and re-worked, for efficiency of telling the story with as much content about characters and events as possible.
B00005UEAR|5.0|This recent effort from the DT boys is worth its weight in gold.  The album is split into two discs.  The first housing the first five songs and the second containing the 40+ minute epic &quot;Six Degrees ...&quot;  You can't really compare this to any other DT album.  As with all of their albums you know its DT from the get go, but if I had to compare it to anything it would be the artfulness of SFAM, the power of Images and Words, and has some of the heaviness found in Awake.<br />&quot;Glass Prison&quot;, &quot;Blind Faith&quot;, and &quot;The Great Debate&quot; are defiantly the rockers on the disc one.  &quot;Misunderstood&quot; and &quot;Disappear&quot; round out the first disc with a softer tone.  &quot;Glass Prison&quot; has a wonderful intro and nice keyboard work from Mr. Rudess, as well on the rest of the album, that any fan will enjoy.  In &quot;Blind Faith&quot; I find the guitar and drum work to be very listenable.  I find myself listening to Mr. Portnoy's drumbeats over anything else. &quot;The Great Debate&quot; has a nice use of samples from the current Stem Cell research debates and is a very powerful song.<br />The second disc leans more to the SFAM style with the story telling with lyrics and emotional music.  I haven't listened closely enough to this collection of eight tracks to get the complete meaning of the story, but wouldn't want to spoil it for everyone anyways.  Tracks that stand out to me are &quot;The Test That Stumped the World&quot;, &quot;Solitary Shell&quot;, and &quot;War Inside My Head&quot;.<br />If you like the rocking DT songs as well as the softer ones you will enjoy this CD as it has them all.  I have kept listening to it over and over since I got it this morning.  Very listenable and enjoyable.  I recommend this CD to new and old fans alike.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Perhaps not as repeatable as some films.  Some of the actors are just too stiff and it gets to be a little like a \\"Love Boat\\" plot with aliens.<br /><br />The DVD version, somehow does not add that much if you've already seen the movie.  I don't know exactly what I mean here but there is perhaps an economy and repetition of visuals whereas a movie such as \\"The Fifth Element\\" always has something new that you did not see before.  The music and sound also is not as interesting as in some other DVDs that I will re-watch.
B00005TT77|4.0|As a Beatles fan, I was intrigued by the I am Sam soundtrouck, a collection of Lennon/McCartney songs. I found a couple of the covers very well done, including Blackbird, Across the Universe and I'm Only Sleeping. However, there are some moderate disappointments, mostly attributable to too much artistic creativity. <br />Anyway, I enjoy the CD, and it presents us Beatles fan not only with something fresh but some quality covers.
0446608955|5.0|I decided to read this novel after I saw the movie trailer on television about the film adaptation of Nicholas Spark's novel. I finished reading the book in 2 days; I really loved this book and it brought tears in my eyes as it gave me heartfelt joy and sadness at the same time. Landon Carter's narration should've been included in the film version. I was really disappointed about the movie...true they stuck with the main plot of the story, but as movies goes, they modernized the setting of the film instead of just leaving it to 1958 North Carolina. The film version should've been called &quot;A Drive Home to Remember&quot; - even Jamie Sullivan drove a car...that just beats the purpose of the title...and what really irritated me about this movie is that it's targeted for 13 year old teenage girls who did nothing but squirm, giggled, laughed and admired Shane West who played Landon Carter in the movie. I couldn't enjoy the movie because there were too many ooohs, aaahs, laughing and giggle that were not necessary.<br />First of all, it was a Christmas Play instead of a Spring Play, Landon and his friends were not that mean that they played a prank on some kid to dare him to jump and get him injured at the beginning of the movie, it was set in 1958 North Carolina instead of the year 2001. Landon asked Jamie to the homecoming dance and that's how the two started being friends and later got together to help read lines for the play. And most of all, Landon Carter narrated the whole story -- that was the most important part that should've been in the film! For those of you who have seen the film, I recommend that you read the book - you can see the difference and see for yourself which one would you rather see...
014043786X|5.0|WOW! There is nothing better then sherlock. Sir conan doyle is a genius and this book shows it. Some parts are boring but those parts are only two sentences. I urge you to get the book.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|I saw this video on Christmas Day, and was looking forward to seeing what all the hubub was about. I had heard that they incorporated contemporary songs into the film but set it in  Paris cir.1900 and thought that it might be interesting. <BR>   Words cannont express how bad this film is.  Yes, the costumes were pretty, and the cinamatography was inventive; but there's no way it could make up for the lame plot and dreadful dialogue. I kept having this image in my mind that when the writers couldn't think of anything for the characters to say, they just turned on the radio for \\"inspiration\\". <BR>I don't think we even got through the first half before we all were so confused, but none of us wanted to suffer again through the scenes we had already scene. It's too bad to, Nicole & Ewan are very talented. <BR>Long story short - don't waste your time.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Wow, ok, where do i begin.  I waited for this one to come out for so long.  This album will shock you and perhaps dissapoint you if your expecting a continuation of metropolis, which is my favorite DT album.  Of course if your a true DT fan than you'll know to never expect them to release an album that sounds like another one and this is no exception.  It is totally unlike anything they have ever done.  If your taken aback by this album at first, give it time, I gaurantee it will grow on you.  Parts than weren't catchy before become catchy as you become familiar with the album.  It starts out with the perfect song as an opener and truly one of DT's finest moments, The Glass Prison.  This song is heavier than anything they have done before.  Some riffs sound like they could be taken right off a Slipknot album, but don't that deter you.  Come on, you really thing John P. would do something like that and not add his own flavor to it.  It is still definitley DT what with the odd time signatures and what not.   The instrumental break, which happens to be in every one of these songs considering most of them are over ten minutes long, is the best on the album and the solos are amazing.  John P. second solo on this song is faster and more chaotic than anything he has ever recorded, and if you know good ol' Johnny P., that's sayin a hell of alot.  My only complaint about, not only this song but all the songs, is that James doesn't sing a whole lot and when he does, half the time he's using computer effects on his voice, while Mike and John P. get more vocal spots for themselves.  The next song, <BR>Blind Faith, is a song I didn't especially like at first, but once I listened to a few more times, it really is a cool song.  It's no where near as heavy as The Glass Prison, the only they come close to being that heavy again on the album is the test that stumped them all on the second disc.  Blind faith has more of a Falling Into Infinity feel to it, although the instrumental break in this song is an excellent one that is very catchy and has an amazing part where the whole band stops playing suddenly and Jordan just keeps going by himself adding other little intricacies to make up for the rest of the band not playing.  The next song is Misunderstood, which is one of the better songs on the album, but another one that might take a few listens before you really can appreciate it.  It still has sort of a Falling Into Infinity feel to it, But not quite as much as Blind Faith.  The instrumental break on this song drags on a little bit where they seem to play some riffs over and over again without adding any thin that keep your attention for the entire duration.  The song ends rather similarly, with the same riff played over and over untill it fades out and you have just John P. making wacky, sometimes anoying sounds on his guitar. And just when you think the song is over, the riff fades back in and they play it for another 30 seconds to a minute.  The next song is, in my opinion, the worst song on the whole album.  There's a 2 and a half minute intro that is one riff played over and over again while sound samples of news interviews with people about stim cell research is played.  This is a subject I think they should have just stayed clear of because every one seems to have a strong opinion on it either way and it could really piss some people off.  DT seems to take the stand piont that it is wrong to do experiments like that and for those who disagree with their opinion may find it uncompfortable to listen to the lyrics.  The song itself is too Tool sounding for me, and I own all the Tool albums.  James seems to be trying to sound like Maynard James Keenan in some parts and even the intro with the news samples is remeniscent of tools Third Eye.  The instrumental break in this songs drags FOREVER!!!  The solos are really good though when they happen, some of the best on the album.  This song just isn't my cup of tea, although other DT fans may enjoy it.  The next song and the last on disc one is probably the best after Glass Prison.  It's called Disappear and is the albums ballad.  It sort of like the Silent Man only darker, sadder and with more sound effects.  It's great and catchy and a good way to close out disc one to make way for the monster that is Six Dgrees of Inner Turbulence.  This song is one of the reasons to buy this album.  Taking up the entire second disc it is forty two miutes long and epic as hell.  It starts out with a classical overture and goes into the catchy About to Crash.  After that they go into the two heavy parts on the song, War Inside My Head and The Test That Stumped Them All.  The latter is almost Thrashy in some parts and is probably my favorite part of the song.  After that they go into the softest song perhaps in their entire career, Goodnight Kiss. It's catchy and  has wonderfull solo to it.  After that its Solitary Shell which is the radio friendly song on the album.  It's really good if you like their Falling Into Infinity stuff.  After that its back to About to Crash although played with a little variation and into the last song Losing Time which brings back some riffs form the overture and Goodnight Kiss.  They end it by holding one note for about two minutes, why, I don't know.  All in all , I still think Metropolis is their best album and would be surprised if the ever top it, but this is still grest and it's an entirely different formula thatn any of there other albums.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Once again Dream Theater fails to disappoint.  While it may seem a bit different than previous albums at first, it soon grows on you and offers a very enjoyable experience.  The beauty of this album is its range.  They range from heavy bang your head to the wall songs such as The Glass Prison, to trippy Pink Floyd-ish songs such as Disapper, to beautiful mellow songs such as Solitary Shell.  If you are a Dream Theater fan in any way go buy this album right now.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
0684823454|5.0|My Early Life : 1874-1904 is highly recommended to young people, History buffs, political aspirants, and those with a fetish for biography. Not required to enjoy this book is prior knowledge of the author, the book is strong enough to stand on it's own. Churchill's clear and at times humorous narration was particularly enjoyable; I could almost hear the British bulldog speaking in my ear.  An informative and easy read that moves at a good pace as it covers childhood to the early days in the House of commons, the reader is left with a concise picture of Churchill's formative years.  The combination of Churchill literary talents and his amazing exploits are truly a winner.
B00005QZWI|5.0|It's very good, I'd have to say the best!
B00005UEAR|5.0|Queensryche, Pantera, Mudvayne...no.  These disks shows those guys how it is done right.  These disks are also a tribute to the immeasurable influence that Rush has had on progressive metal - both musically and lyrically.  Some said that Awake was the record that Rush wished they could make - I don't think so; THIS is the record they wished they could make.<br />'Six Degrees of Inner Turbulance' is also a tremendous showcase for Jordan Rudess' influence in the band - much more so that Metropolis II.  We have never heard DT so heavy, so melodic, so bright, so dark and so thought provoking.  I think that Six Degrees of Inner Turbulance redefines what is called Progressive Metal.  If you have never really been partial to Dream Theater before, you should buy these disks.  They WILL make you a DT fan.<br />Dream Theater has redefined Progressive Metal with this recording.
B00000I41J|5.0|The album can be added to the canon of great Miles Davis masterpieces from the '50-'64 period. Cannonball - his name is not because of his size, but his huge appetite, he was first nicknamed \\"Cannibal\\" and it was later changed to \\"Cannonball\\". Cannonball played on many of the best Miles Davis albums, including \\"Kind of Blue\\". Miles returned the favour and almost steals the show here.<br />Miles hauntingly beautiful trumpet, with Harmon mute, in \\"Autumn Leaves\\" is the best version of the song Miles ever put to record. It has a charming intermittent deep echo on the trumpet and sax. Miles played \\"Leaves\\" faster elsewhere (the more he played standards, the faster he did them, or so it seems. maybe he got bored).<br />The sax and trumpet duets on \\"Love for Sale\\" are happy and enthusiatic, with intricate complex interplay from the leaders. This song is also improved here with a slower tempo Miles and Cannonball used elsewhere.<br />On \\"One for Daddy-O\\" Cannonball's sweet alto plays the most memorable bluesy, jazzy solo of his career. Miles plays an energetic response, but this one is Cannonball's show.<br />Miles, in his gravelly voice, asks Alfred Lion \\"is that what you wanted, Alfred\\" and echo of the same question he asks Teo Macero on the Columbia album from the same period.<br />Then they have fun with \\"Dancing in the Dark\\". It almost has a tongue in cheek quality.<br />Great album, great recording (for the time). Highest recommendation.
B000020617|3.0|Well, I think foo fighters are getting progressively worse over time. They're leaning more toward pop music and away from their Nirvana-esque sort of sound, (how long did you expect that to last?) and it seems that they're running out of ideas here. If you're just getting into the Foo Fighters, go for their first CD first, and their second CD next. If you really enjoy those, eventually get this one. If you've been a Foo Fighters fan, this belongs in your collection anyways, you'll probably like it more than me. Best songs here are &quot;Aurora&quot;, &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, and &quot;Next Year&quot; although most of them are ok.
B00005NB8K|5.0|I avoided this movie when it first came out, and I avoided it for about 10 years afterward, because I heard that it was such a travesty. Recently, I received the DVD as a Christmas gift. Out of respect to the person who gave it to me, I decided to watch it at least once. I was very pleasantly surprised... and physically and emotionally exhausted by the movie's end. True, Oliver Stone's version of the Doors' legend isn't dead-on accurate, but I think the realism and accuracy were only sacrificed in order to make a greater visceral and artistic impact, which I believe is something Jim Morrison might have understood. The whole point of this movie is to revel in its excesses, and on that point, the movie scores everytime. And remember that this is the story as filtered through Stone's own perception, not a docudrama. Kudos to Val Kilmer, whose portrayal of Jim Morrison was just as uncanny as I'd heard. (Where's his Oscar?) I really dug this movie, even as a Doors fan who knows the true history as heard from the band. And if you can experience it as the Bacchanalian epic it's meant to be, and just take in all the sights and sounds, then you'll really dig it, too.
B000002UKS|4.0|I Absoulutely loved the self titled Foo Fighters CD, and this one is just a bit worse than that. However, it contains their best song ever, &quot;Everlong&quot; I love this song. Its the most brilliant song they've written, I can't explain it in words. I Also like Monkey Wrench and My Poor Brain. But songs like February Stars and Up In Arms are just boring to listen to. If you liked Foo Fighters first album I really recommend this one.
B000002H33|3.0|Master of Puppets is quite possibly the most overrated album of all time. It's over the top riff-rock with only a few good songs. The bright spots include the title track which is too long and repitious alone, yet has an excellent interlude. Battery is descent as well as leper messiah but over all it's a boring cd, with tracks that are too long for anyone who's not an addict to metallica. The album isn't half of what the later black album is. But's worth a purchase.
6304240554|5.0|This movie is awesome,a master piece even.Alot of action,lots of gore,but the only down slide is the zombies they look slow and dumb,What happen to the zombies that can flip over cars,according to Night of the Living Dead they can,Dawn of the Dead zombies hardly can lift their arms.Why is it that in Night of the Living Dead,the zombies knew there were humans in the house from miles away,and on Dawn of the Dead the 4 people were in the mall and the zombies that was already in the mall never knew they were there? The movie was still awesome,A great story,too bad the zombies was retarded.
6305229449|4.0|I'm an Asian-American adult male of Filipino-Chinese descent & I actually liked this movie!<br />First, it has a positive message for young girls.  Mulan is a strong-willed (but not arrogant or overly aggressive), intelligent young woman who defies unjust \\"traditions\\" in order to save her country from invading hordes of \\"Huns\\" (Tartars/Mongols?) while at the same time, being compassionate & caring.  Her strength comes from her basic (& sometimes flawed) humanity, not from aggression (or trying to be \\"perfect\\") & that's what I liked about the character.  (For those of you who haven't seen the movie yet, in the story, her elderly father is \\"drafted\\" into the Chinese army & in order to save him from conscription, she masquerades as a man to serve in her father's place.)<br />As far as Chinese history & culture is concerned, Disney gets the basic look of pre-Ching Dynasty China right.  (It's kind of hard to tell which Dynasty they're portraying, but it definately is before the Manchu conquest, since all of the men are sporting \\"top-knots\\", not pig-tails.)  The Chinese martial-arts (wushu or kung-fu not Japanese \\"karate\\") is also depicted accurately.  I also like the showing of the bamboo cannons, which the medieval Chinese armies did use.  (That's right.  Martial-arts movie fans often get the mistaken idea that the Chinese only used kung-fu & didn't use guns.  The fact is, the Chinese developed gunpowder & created the first guns ever!)<br />Some Asian-americans have complained about the \\"inaccuracies\\" prevalent in Mulan.  To be sure, there are some modern references in Eddie Murphy's monologues, but remember, this is an animated comedy!  Also, if you were to watch any of the old Shaw Brothers kung-fu films depicting the same time periods, they are rife with historical inaccuracies!  (Nobody complains about those movies, because those films are made by Asians!)  And at least, Mulan makes an attempt at getting it reasonably \\"right\\" (much more than the old \\"Kung-Fu\\" tv series, which is way off!)  Mulan does depict Asians with dignity & nobility (while also showing real human flaws.)  It does not favor negative stereo-types & any negative press from the Asian-American community is un-deserved!  (Lighten up, guys!  It's a cartoon!)<br />Lastly, the singing.  My own personal bias made me cringe at the songs!  (Sorry.  I'm not saying they're bad, it's just my own personal taste, that's all!)  In my opinion (and I know a lot of people won't agree with me), I think this animated movie would have been much better without the singing!  (But, as a marketing ploy, the singing & sales of the soundtrack make sense & I'm sure little kids liked the songs.)<br />I definately recommend this movie.  I hope one day, this movie would be remade as a live action drama.  (Maybe with Zhang Zi-Yi from Crouching Tiger/Hidden Dragon in the title role?  If not, how about Lea Salonga, who sings in this movie, in the title role.  She'll need some kung-fu/wushu training first, but I think she'd be great!)<br />Buy it!
B000002H6C|5.0|From \\"Blackened\\" to \\"Dyers Eve,\\" this album kicks ... There is not a single track in which you will simply skip past. It has it's fast tracks and it's slower ones... besides, it's got \\"One,\\" one of the absolute best Metallica songs ever (my personal favorite). The last great album by Metallica before they headed into bucket of donkey ... \\"Enter Sandman\\"-era Metallica. A great buy, you will NOT be disappointed. I'll have to buy a new one soon because I'm wearing mine out.
B00005A46T|1.0|Where do I start? Slipknot has many things that stick out in my mind about this awful album. The fact that they make simple music. They need 3 drummers/percussionists to do the work of one. This band has no talent..! Anyone who listens to this doesn't know what metal is. Bands in the \\"Nu-metal\\" scene are as good as the Ebola Virus is to humans.
B000002TQB|5.0|This ranks among the essential alternative art-pop CDs of the nineties.  Pop is really not a fair term altogether, because many of the songs on \\"Parklife\\" are not very accessible.  One could go on about the hooks, and the song-writing, and the diversity, blah blah blah.  The bottem line is that you can never really define what makes great music, yet you know it when you hear it.  Blur just has it; it's in the touch and the sound.  And even in their slower tunes their exists a drive that is lacking in so many other bands who just don't get it.  Blur's respect for the great artists of Britian truly enhances their already unique sound.  Quoting the hooks of Bowie, early Pink Floyd, and the Kinks will never hurt your sound.  What is so amazing about this band is that if they had never changed their approach after this, they still would have been great.  But after \\"Great Escape\\" they begin a revamped phase that combines the best of British alternative with  American indie rock.  \\"Girls and Boys,\\" End of a Century,\\" \\"Parklife,\\" \\"This is a Low,\\" and most every other track are fantastic.  It's interesting that young americans truly adore Radiohead(and deservedly so)but have not to the same degree caught on to Blur,who ranks every bit as important among the top of the British bands.  Perhaps one of Amazon's reviwers put it best when they said that Blur is better than 90% of what's out there.  With this in mind, you really can't go wrong with any of their CDs.
0553573403|5.0|As I write this, there are already over five hundred reviews of this book in ahead of me, so there would not seem to be much I can write about it that hasn't already been written. Given these circumstances, I'll cut right to the chase. This is a terrific book, and it is apparently just the first of six that will make up the entire \\"Fire And Ice\\" series.<br />Tolkien is the standard by which I measure adult fantasy and, while my experience in this genre is limited, \\"A Game Of Thrones\\" is the most compelling and well-conceived tale I've found since Tolkien (and I liked Kay's \\"Tigana\\" and Brooks' Shannara books very much). It lacks Tolkien's deft touch of humor, but the plotting is intricate and multi-faceted and the characters have real depth, with elements of both good and bad in their personalities. Some are at once likeable but on the wrong side, and vice versa. Further, the \\"good guys\\" in this story are just as much at risk as the \\"bad guys\\". Death can strike down anyone, and it sometimes does so with stunning suddenness.<br />The plotting is truly fascinating. Most immediately, the political and personal intrigue within the seven kingdoms is fast-moving and treacherous. But, beyond that, there is the Princess Daenerys, the last suviving member of the previous ruling house of the Seven Kingdoms, who dreams of returning from exile and reclaiming the throne for herself. Lurking beyond even that, however, is the ominous threat that \\"winter is coming\\". The great northern ice wall separates the Seven Kingdoms from a vague danger that is, as yet, only hinted at but which seems to be perhaps the greatest danger of all.<br />This is great storytelling. A real page-turner. There's never a dull moment and, as a reader, I was always anxious to see what was going to happen next. I have the next book (#2), but book #3 doesn't come out in paperback for a couple of months and the remaining books in the series are farther down the line. I'm resisting the urge to plunge right into #2 for this reason, but I guarantee that I won't wait very long. Read this book. You'll be looking forward to more, too.#2 for this reason, but I guarantee that I won't wait very long. Read this book. You'll be looking forward to more, too.
B00005UEAR|5.0|...that make me think that Amazon needs to upgrade its ratings system. I'm listening to the song \\"Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence\\" right now, on Part VII, and this album has blown me away. I read an interview with James LaBrie a couple of weeks ago in which he said that he thought that this album was their best, and I find myself agreeing. This has surpassed my expectations in every way.<BR>The shortest song on this album is 6:46, called \\"Disappear\\", and so far it is one of my favorites. It's an absolutely beautiful song. But that doesn't take away from any of the other songs at all. There is not one song on here that is even close to weak, and this is the first album that I've bought where I haven't skipped through the tracks on first listen, to see which ones I liked the most. All I can do is just let this play out, because it's really that good.<BR>It may be premature for me to be reviewing it this soon, being that I'm still on my first listen, but I couldn't help it. Everyone needs to get this. James LaBrie's vocals are in top form on this album, even better than \\"Metropolis Part 2: Scenes from a Memory\\", in my opinion. But I think the whole album is, even though \\"Scenes\\" was great.<BR>The music on this album is complex and technical, yes, but it is also extremely heartfelt. When listening to it, there are moments where I feel like I could shed tears. Then the music will change and bring you up high, above the clouds and mountains, and it'll be so joyous, then the music will change again, and you'll be falling, plummeting to the earth. It takes you on a ride of pure emotion, and it's wonderful.<BR>I think that this may be Dream Theater's saddest album, too.<BR>I'm nearing the end of the epic \\"Six Degrees...\\", a song which has not once dragged. It starts out with a beautiful orchestral score, both blissful and despairing, and ends on an uplifting note. Wow. But then again, that's all I can say about this whole album.
1573226521|3.0|This book was recommended to me. I found it to be a disappointment. It was a great concept and ok story but it lacked the suspense that other authors can give. It is certainly an over-rated book.
B000002GBJ|4.0|Yes, (including Rick Wakeman) and Emerson, Lake and Palmer killed progressive rock in the late seventies with overblown and pompous excesses. The success of progressive/art rock went to their heads and the began producing self indulgent, pretentious arty rock. The backlash was immediate and progressive rock died almost over night. Tastes moved to corporate rock (Eagles, Foriegner, Van Halen) and Disco, until Punk, New Wave and Electronica moved in to inject new life into rock. The progressive groups either fell apart or tried to go main stream with horrible results.<br />This album came out when Yes was at it's peak in popularity and musically. Each of the members of Yes put out solo albums with various degrees of success. (Chris Squire's was the best by far). Since Yes was so popular, each of the solo efforts sold well and got radio play.<br />I didn't listen to this album for a long time, because I equated with the later, more pretentious works by both Yes and Rick Wakeman. Wakeman reaally got out of hand with Journey to the Center of the Earth and the Myths and Legends of King Aurthur (\\"Those were the days of the knights\\"). <br />So, when my daughter had to do a report on Henry VIII, I pulled out the album and gave it a listen. I was expecting to hate it. Especially after remembering the excerpts played on Yessongs (which don't do this album justice). But I was really surprised. There is a lot of interesting and energetic music on this album. It is highly keyboard oriented but just isn't synthesizer exercises. There are a lot of great piano parts and some nice interplay between piano and synthesizer. There are some great backing musician parts, especially on drums and guitars. <br />This album is only 36 minutes, which is short by CD standards. But, it is one of the reasons the album is so good. It is not stretched out with a lot of boring interludes.<br />Two Dick Wakeman stories (I read them, but I don't know if they are true).  He said that the reason he quitYes the first time was because the rest of the group was vegetarians and he could never eat what he wanted and he never felt full (as opposed to being full of it).  Also, one time, Yes was playing on a triple bill.  Procol Harem's instruments didn't arrive.  Gentle Giant was going to lend Procol Harem their instruments.  Wakeman would allow it because he said it was bad kharma.
000649840X|3.0|Whilst this is a well written poignant story there is nothing new in it or particulary alluring to keep you reading. In fact the story is rather dismal and depressing. If you are feeling down and want to prove that others have had troubles worse than yours pick up this book and have a good read. If you are after entertainment you won't want to read this book.
B00005UEAR|5.0|What can i say about Dream Theaters' latest musical endeavor?<BR>AMAZING !!!<BR>I know everyone was saying that they could never top \\"Scenes From A Memory\\" but they were SOOOO wrong.<BR>this double album just proves again why DT is considered the best in their field.<BR>The music varies from hard hitting, riff chopin' metal to electronic melancholy.<BR>Plus, there's a beautiful 40 minute piece of music on the second CD entitled \\"Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence\\".<BR>If you don't own this album already - GO GET IT !!!<BR>you won't reget it !
0451167716|5.0|A great world of mafia and mafia created suspense. This is sure to give you love, family and passionate violence. You will want to curl up somewhere and read this from beginning to end and still want more.
0446608955|5.0|A Walk to Remember is one of those books that I couldn't put down.  I'm not much of a reader, so this book is a fit for anyone.  It was easily read and goes straight to your heart.  The usage gets a tad redundant at times, but at the same time the message shines through.  After you read this book, you will examine your life a little closer and wonder if you touch peoples lives, just like Jamie always did.  It was heartwrenchng and sentamental, a must read.
B000059H9E|5.0|De Almodovar hemos aprendido mucho en lo que a cine latinoamericano se refiere dentro de los ultimos 20 aos, ha sido escandaloso,anti-moralista, a veces complicado.. siempre he notado dos facetas muy marcadas dentro de su obra, La pasion y la muerte siempre abrazadas, siempre juntas... es brillante escritor de historias, director muy vivo y yo diria que un poco influenciado por Kubrick en cuanto a detalles en la escenografia se refiere, y a Hicthcock en el tema misterioso.<BR>Esta sin lugar a dudas es para mi su mejor pelicula, reconoci de inmediato su idea de adaptarse a filosfias mas contemporaneas, a cambiar su cine con los tiempos modernos. Es una sufrida y dificil historia de amor pero que da en el punto de la realidad y marca huella en el publico.
B00005QDW5|5.0|Pink Floyd being my favorite band I was a little skeptical of yet another Pink Floyd compilation. I used to own every Pink Floyd album but unfortunately a few months ago all my CDs were stolen and I've been short of money. So the first CD I bought was of course Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd's masterpiece. After whetting my appetite I was longing for more, unfortunately Floyd CDs cost about $21.00 apiece and that was about all the money I had. Most of the times I hate compilations since I feel it cheapens the music and integrity of the band but I was desperate. I went to the record store and picked up the CD. When I saw the cover art I was impressed I felt it captured the feeling of Pink Floyd former cover art and paid proper homage to it. Then I turned the CD around and read the Track listening. I was not disappointed. Anything you could ever want for a quick Floyd fix was there. I was surprised when I saw that some of the longer songs \\"Echoes,\\" \\"Dogs,\\" \\"Shine on you Crazy Diamond,\\" and \\"Sheep.\\" I was very happy to see \\"When the Tigers Broke Free\\" which has never before been on an album. I was also happy to see the Syd Barret compositions weren't forgotten. Now although I am singing the praises of this compilation I think it should be clear to everyone that although this is a great assessment of Pink Floyd's career there is nothing that compares to the exhilaration of putting the needle on the first groove of Dark Side of the Moon and waiting while the heartbeat takes over your head and you wait in anticipation for the music to kick in God like the commercial I believe says \\"pure sonic intoxication\\" likewise there's nothing like listening to \\"The Wall\\" and at the beginning hearing \\"where we came in?\\" and the last lines of the album \\"isn't this...\\" and putting it altogether. Anyway what I'm getting at is that this is a great introduction to The Pink Floyd Sound but should not be thought of as the definitive Pink Floyd. One other thing I found intrusting is that although the songs are not in chronological order they do flow really nicely into one another. well thank you for your time.
B000005DQR|5.0|\\"This album reflects a lifetime of vinyl culture.\\" It is an excrescence to add more than this word written in booklet to DJ Shadow's 'Endtroducing'. <BR> Josh Davis (aka DJ Shadow) made ultramodern sampling music but declared its history and roots are in 12ich LP's and vinyl.
0345448898|5.0|To express what I feel about this book series cannot be typed into words.  His Dark Materials Trilogy appeared to me while browsing in my middle school's library for something romantic to read.  I found The Subtle Knife, and my librarian suggested The Golden Compass to me, saying I should read it first.  I did, and I found it to be the best book ever written.  I cried at the end because it was so good.  Then I read The Subtle Knife, and loved it, but had to wait for EIGHT MONTHS to read The Amber Spyglass!  I just recently read it, and I cried so hard at the end that my cheeks literally stung.  I absolutely INHALED the last book!  You will never find any trilogy so full of lush characters, plot lines and deep-lying meanings to life.  It is a fantasy realism, so real almost, my friends and I talk about daemons as if they were sitting on our shoulder or flying overhead.  I never stop talking about His Dark Materials, and reccomend it to anyone who wants to read something finally that actually has meaning.  I think that if anyone can cram that much amazing, rich storyline into only three books, he must have talent beyond imagination.  The Harry Potter books are a wonderful series for the younger reader, and I read them in sixth grade absolutely obsessed with them, but His Dark Materials passes those books by a million times because of the depth and richness they possess all on their own without all of the publicity.  It is a different kind of magic but guaranteed to please young adult and adult reader forever!  And as Philip Pullman said, and my own writing mantra: \\"Read like a butterfly, write like a bee.\\"
0425152251|4.0|I read Sophies World in a time of my life where I was just getting interested in Philosophy. Academically it is a brilliant book to get you started and give a brief overview of what many different famous phliosophers have written over the course of history. It does not include material of the philosophers in question but provokes a strong interest to be followed up on later. As for a good read, this takes concentration, although the storyline that runs throughout the book is a good aide to help you keep your mind on the right track. Feeling as if I was almost the Sophie in question I learnt all I needed to if I wanted a basic education in Philosophy and it served as a good foundation to bounce off into this fathomless subject. Disappointing as the ending to the book was I do believe Sophie was only a guideline for the reader, hence the four stars and not five. Nevertheless this book proved its worth academically and socially by the many books sold and the fruit of the seed sown in each readers mind!
B000002U8G|5.0|Mind you, I love Pink Floyd's early works; 'A Saucerful Of Secrets', 'Ummagumma' and 'Atom Heart Mother' are all favorites of mine. But I also acknowledge the fact that those albums aren't for everyone. What charactarizes the post-Syd Barrett, pre-Meddle Pink Floyd is constant transition, exploration and seeking of a new direction. That exploration by itself gave birth to some wonderful music, but 'Meddle' where it all came together. It's more coherent than any Pink Floyd album since 'The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn', and for the first time since Syd's departure the Floyds sound a hundred percent certain of what they're doing. I consider it the first of four absolutely perfect Pink Floyd albums , the others being the better known masterpieces 'Dark Side Of The Moon', 'Wish You Were Here' and 'The Wall'.<br />'Meddle' was not a sudden change; it's a transition by itself, as it has a lot in common with early Floyd; most notably, the album's structure, which is closest to that of 'Atom Heart Mother':one side is a long, complex piece, while the other is shorter songs. That is, the album functions as two seperate halves rather than one complete creation like 'Dark Side' or 'Wish You Were Here'. On the other hand, it's very much a precedent to those albums: for example, the idea of a 'Cycle' album, used on 'Dark Side Of The Moon', 'Wish You Were Here', 'Animals', 'The Wall' and possibly 'The Final Cut', is explored here for the first time, with the sound of wind that opens and closes the album; and the football chant on 'Fearless' is the beginning of another important Pink Floyd feature, the use of 'real' sounds, human and animal sounds on the recordings. Also, while one very long track per album was an important trait of the Floyds from the very start, 'Echoes' is much more structured than any of the previous ones, less hesitant and more composed than, say, 'A Saucerful Of Secrets' or 'Careful With That Axe, Eugene', and to me has a lot more in common with 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond' from 'Wish You Were Here' (which was also originally intended as a single twenty-minute track; it was Roger Waters's idea to split it down the middle.)<br />For good or for bad, 'Meddle' is much more user-friendly than any album Pink Floyd recorded before it, especially the first half. Except for 'One Of these Days', a wonderful, tense, psychedelic, spacey instrumental which is something of a more focused 'Careful With That Axe, Eugene' (with drummer Nick Mason in his only lead vocal appearence), the songs on that half are relatively simple and easy to handle, though excellent with no exception. The dominant creative team on the album is Roger Waters (lyrics) and David Gilmour (music); Waters has not yet forgotten the meaning of the word 'team', while Gilmour reaches his peak here, achieving perfection in his writing, playing and singing. The soft, beautiful ballad 'A Pillow Of Winds' is delivered by his own powerful voice, as is the more upbeat 'Fearless', a masterpiece by itself and one of Floyd's most beautiful songs. The other two songs are not as powerful but certainly make their point, and are just the right length for not being boring. 'San Tropez' is all Waters, a direct follow-up to 'Grantchester Meadows' and 'If', and a step towards 'Brain Damage', very light, slightly jazzy, performed by Roger himself (his voice had always sounded wonderfuly quirky on studio recordings, though it's too weak to sound good in live perfomances) and with a lovely piano solo by Richards Wright. 'Seamus' is a short bluesy track sang by Gilmour.<br />'Echoes' is an entirely different story. It's a song that had always been overlooked, and only recently received the recognition it deserved: it was not only included in the new Pink Floyd compilation, it even gave it its title - though the track itself was viciously edited and mutilated. More challenging and altogether more 'Floydish' than the first half. A classic masterpiece of progressive-rock which is perhaps influenced by King Crimson's first albums. It's quite amazing that this piece was played by only the four members of the band, and it's much more focused and finished than the splendid 'Atom Heart Mother Suite', for which an entire orchestra was used. Most of the credit should go to Gilmour and Wright, who both shared the lead vocals and supplied most of the instrumental power of the piece. David Gilmour said on the album and on 'Echoes', &quot;We did loads of bits of demos which we then pieced together, and for the first time it worked. This album was a clear forerunner for Dark Side Of The Moon, the point where we first got our focus.&quot;<br />It usually takes a Pink Floyd completist to buy 'Meddle', which is a shame. I hope that now, that 'Echoes' got this new recognition, 'Meddle' will become popular once more. It's a fantastic album, one of the best albums by one of the best bands, as good as 'Wish You Were Here' and at times better, and should not be dismissed as a 'transition album' or a 'curiosity'. Recommended in every possible way.
0140283587|4.0|Very funny and witty from the start. Personally, as someone who has travelled her fair share, this book made me laugh endlessly as it picks on the pretentious attitude of some travellers. The 'I'm travelling to find myself' spiel that they spout on about when you find yourself sharing a hostel room with one of them. I thought this book was to the point and should be shoved in the face of anyone who thinks they can just mosey on down to India and gorp at the locals! Good story, good laugh, well worth the read!
B00005UEAR|5.0|i just came a few days ago from the dream theater tour in europe.<BR>i saw their gig in london and it was amazing. actully no word can descirbe the excitment and pleasure i had exprienced.<BR>they played old stuff and new stuff from this album which i bought 20 hours after the gig. <BR>what can i say, dream theater has done it again.. this time a bit old schoolish style more or less a bit heavier beats and guitar riffs. i am sure i've gotta listen to it a few more times but in a few words, you gotta have it!.
0553277472|1.0|I was forced to read this junk as an English assignment in college.  The experience was pure torture.  It's amazing how much drible can come out of someones mind that means absolutely nothing and isn't the least bit entertaining.  This book will take you in all kinds of crazy directions and you will feel like you are lost.  Then, all of a sudden, something positive will crop up, only to be lead down a different path to obscurity.  I can remember my Professor ranting about this book and I could not understand why...I think the guy was slightly off and he was definetly on some kind of intellectual trip.
B00005R87Q|4.0|All I can say is, I'm sooo glad this movie doesn't pretend to be anything that it isn't. Who cares about the storyline? Racing and stories don't mix, that's not what this movie is trying to do. It's about linking a load of fast-paced shots of burning rubber, violent machinery, noise and loud music and it does one hell of a job at it!
B00005R87Q|1.0|There are some flashy scenes with the Japanese cars, but that's not enough to hold this turkey up. The chase scenes in Bullitt and the French Connection are still unchallenged. <BR>This is an teenage fantasy movie. That's the only way you can explain the glaring implausabilities. This doesn't explain the bad story, weak script, and boring chase scenes.<BR>I was hoping for better brain candy, but came up snake eyes.
B00005RHGK|4.0|Jeepers creepers is a horror movie that is taken from the old-school horror formula. The main characters are Darry, who is at least 18, and his older sister Trish, who i guess is about 20 or 21 years old. while coming home from school, they run into the creeper who is thought to be human, but turns out not be. terror and chaos ensues. The ending says \\"we're going to make a sequel\\" all over it!
0140186395|5.0|This is probably the best Steinbeck novel I have read so far. I personally love the way he describes the setting. He makes you feel like you are there with the characters. This is an excellent story and provides deeper understanding of the story of Cain and Abel. It has somewhat of an elusive climax but that's alright because it is good throughout the entire novel. It is the longest book I have read but I certainly don't regret reading it and will probably read it again.
B00005N5S5|3.0|This is defintely a Sci-Fi classic. My review is gonna be a comparision to the previous DVD release and not about the movie since probably half the planet has seen it.  Picture quality is the same as before with extras footages among other 'extras' to make it a 'Special Edition' This was a nice addition.  Sound quality on the other hand was VERY DISSAPOINTING since it's suppose to be Dolby Digital 5.1 EX encoded.  Compared to the Star Wars EP 1's DD 5.1 EX, this DVD should have been just left with the original surround sound instead. Even in 'Enhanced 6.1,' other DSP formats, it's still kinda flat with what you would expect of this DVD compared to other movies. Bottom line: picture quality, movie and extras were great.  Sound quality was lacking though.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|Clandestino is still my favorite CD from Manu Chao, but this one is really good too.  So if you liked Clandestino you have to get this one too.  Some songs have the same music as some songs from Clandestino, but different words, which is still pretty cool.  I guess the only criticism would be that there are more songs in English on this one, but I prefer Spanish or French.
B00005QG9J|5.0|incubus is the best...  they are unbelievable good live and i couldn't live without them...  they're guinesses!
B00003CXTF|1.0|This movie stinks! All I kept seeing was Titanic wannabe scenes! This is what you call POP movies which means people just went to go see it just because it was popular. This is not really about Pearl Harbor here this about another cheesy romance in which between two people and everyone else in this film is left out and kind of looked over. I was so bored! When is Hollywood going to wake up and finally say \\"Hey are movies really stink! no wonder Hollywood can not make up a great hit lately. Hollywood needs to get rid of all of the cheesy special effects with lame headache explosions of bombs in this movie and plainly just make up a story with good scripts. People often wonder why movies were more successful in the 80's and more successful in the early 90's because movies actually had more of story line than special effects. Lately its go to the theater and get your eyes and ears blown out! Get real that is not what the public wants! We want good movies with story to them just Pure ENTERTAINMENT!  This Pearl Harbor flop goes right up there with Armageddon, Independence Day, and some of Titanic. Please Hollywood start making better movies soon because it seems that any new movie that comes out it really stinks!
0345413377|3.0|The Golden Compass absolutely enthralled and captivated me, and the Subtle Knife was also quite beguiling.  But this third book was a letdown.  There were some thrilling moments: three kids running down a path, suddenly being confronted by three guards, as an armored bear is rushing in to help them, an angel intercedes and two miniature spies swoop in on their golden dragonflies!  But fearsome characters introduced in the beginning (the assassin, for example) meet their ends without having been of any real threat to their targets, monstrous creatures of the Dead world suddenly become cohorts with Lyra and Will.  The final battle was horrifically confusing:  it was hard to follow what and who were fighting, and I couldn't figure out how big this battle was supposed to be.  And what was the thing about the scientist acting as \\"the serpent\\"?  All the big, portentious elements put in place early in the book and in the trilogy seem to come to nought.
B000002H6C|1.0|This has to be one of the most disappointing CDs I've ever bought. I'm a Metallica fan from back in the early days of Kill 'Em All and Ride The Lightning. I also really like Master Of Puppets. This release, however, adopts a grunge approach that Metallica would see on through with the remainder of their releases, with some exceptions in the S/T release. The songs on this release are uninspired, dragging, and hard to follow pieces of pure agony to the ears. Metallica has abandoned what made them famous for the up and coming modern sound and they fail, miserably. I originally bought this release when it came out, gave it the benefit of several listens, and promptly threw it out. I again got it in 2001 to give it another shot. Bad mistake. I hate it now more than then. If you're a fan of older Metallica, this is NOT for you!
B000001FA4|5.0|With \\"U2 Live: Under A Blood Red Sky\\" (1983) the early U2 had reached the end of the road. Their crusade had taken them to the Holy Land, which in their case was Red Rocks. As Bono turned into a cheerleader and the band became drunk on their own power and the delirium of the crowd, U2 desperately needed a new direction to maintain their cutting edge creativity. <br />They found it in the Unforgettable Fire. U2 proved their depth of character by swopping producers (Eno and Daniel Lanois for Steve Lillywhite), dropping much of the bombast and recovering the rapt, personal quality that gives their best work its integrity. The Unforgettable Fire (1984) sounds like the band made it themselves. The hit Pride (In The Name Of Love) kept the breastbeating element of their audience happy and ensured that the global reputation continued to swell, but the album is distinguished by the warm, ambient textures of the production and a hard won lyricism that turn A Sort of Homecoming and the title track into gradually building dramas whose impact is all the richer for not being signposted by one of those trademark swelling choruses. <br />Titles like 4th Of July and Elvis Presley And America were evidence that U2 were finding new subjects during their constant US tours but the album's high spot, Bad, focused on the plight of friends and Dublin ..addiction. Bono's singing was charismatic throughout and he seemed to have finally controlled his Joan of Arc complex.
B000002JS6|5.0|There's a reason that Rolling Stone voted this one of the 100 best of the '80s.  This album flat out rocks.  Angus Young is one the finest hard blues riffers in the Biz.  As the band was rehearsing these tracks with Bon Scott, I've always wondered what this album would have sounded like with him in a fully produced version.
B000001FS6|5.0|With &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; U2 had won their place in the rock pantheon. This meant that they were now hanging out more and more time with rock legends like Bruce Springsteen and Bob Dylan. They had started out as a band that almost boasted of their rootlessness, with Rattle and Hum (1988) they went in search of the past they'd missed. <br />This album accompanied the film of the same name and combined a towering live version of I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (complete with backing from the New Voices Of Freedom Choir) with new material that teamed U2 with Dylan and B.B. King. In their breathless way, U2 announced that they'd fallen in love with rock history and there was more than a hint of Sun Records and Bo Diddley in Desire, their Number 1 single. <br />A sprawling celebration of the live U2 and their latest obsessions, Rattle And Hum showed they had lost none of their inquisitive drive, even if they occasionally seemed somewhat swamped and starstruck by their dawning awareness of the American past.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater have to be the most unpredictable band in the universe!  This album is incredibly deep.  The heavy songs are awesome, then out of nowhere, a soft melodic song takes you on a journey.  The musicianship is on a level that only Dream Theater can attain.  Since every Dream Theater album is excellent, I will venture to say that this is DT's most adventurous and inspiring undertaking so far.  This album will never get old!!  It will give you chills!
B000001FRY|5.0|U2 have dominated the rock landscape for over two decade now: it's grown harder to recall how original Boy sounded when it appeared in 1980. Punk had grown sour, Joy Division's angst and the Bunnymen's metaphysical speculations were beginning to create a post-punk rock. But the boy's innocent face on the sleeve and the first guitar rush of I Will Follow sounded otherworldly, almost alien. <br />U2's sound seemed to have come out of nowhere. As Bono admitted at the time, U2 were a lousy covers band so they'd been obliged to create their own sound. \\"There's not much music I do like, and I realise that our biggest influences are each other,\\" he admitted. <br />With hindsight, Larry Mullen's crashing drums, some of Edge's more obviously glam riffs and the choruses of songs like Stories For Boys are distant cousins of punk's football terrace cliches. Boy's drive and exuberance belongs to punk but the band's emotional palette seemed wholly fresh. The doubt of Shadows And Tall Trees, the dread of Twilight and the spiritual devotion of Into The Heart displayed a direct spiritual drive as mysterious as it was urgent. <br />Rock had grown up on a bedrock of the blues and teenage sexual yearnings. Here was a music thriving on teenage spiritual awakenings with a musical approach that owed next to nothing to tradition.
B00005UEAR|4.0|I've been a Dream Theater fan for many years and own every one of their albums, but lately I've been growing tired of cheesy metal and &quot;already been done&quot; albums coming from bands such as Dream Theater. This album, AT FIST LISTEN, was no different. The first disc is very weak. It has amazing moments such as the Radioheadesque intro to &quot;Blind Faith&quot; and most of &quot;Misunderstood&quot; but songs like &quot;The Glass Prison&quot; seem like they belong on an old Metallica album or even being mocked by Tenacious D! If you're wonderng why I gave this review four stars, it's entirely because of disc 2, which is worth the money it costs for both discs just to have. Leading off with an overture that can be described as little other than just classical music, it bursts into one of the most amazingbits of modern music I've heard in a long time. At 40+ minute, this &quot;6th Degree&quot; has me wondering why they didn't just release this as their album and move on. It has got power, softer parts, classic rock, prog rock, prog metal, and that extra flair that Dream Theater can claim as their own, without wandering so much into that realm of music that you kinda hve to listen to on your own if you don't wanna get made fun of (i.e. Scenes From A Memory, their previous studio album). Flavors of anything from Spock's Beard to Guster end up on this disc and i hope that everyone else can get past that first disc to see the beauty of the second.
B000001F3C|5.0|By 1983's War, Bono's charisma and the hectic touring schedule had begun to turn U2 into a crusade. The spiritual turmoil remained but now the boy on the cover looked older, wiser, and bloodied. The band was looking outward at the mess of the world and this was the sound of a band that was as 'mad as Hell and wasn't going to take it anymore.'<br />New Year's Day gave U2 their first real hit and Sunday Bloody Sunday gave them an anthem and a white flag that they proceeded to wave round the world. Bono was undoubtedly emerging as a singer of emotive power, the rhythm section were turning basic skills into an art form and The Edge was already the most original guitarist of the '80s.
B00005U15M|5.0|I knew I was in for a suprise when I went to this show in Portland Oregon in June of 2000 BUT MAN!!! Words escape me. Whenever I think of this concert my mind races from how truely amazing not only Waters himself is but also his choice of musicians to back him up. Doyle Bramhall is one of the most uniquely talented left handed guitarists of our time...and I wonder if anyone else notices. The entire ensembles ability to blend with Roger Waters mysticism leaves any Floyd lover without words. I was lucky enough to be at a recorded show and I can definitely say, this is well worth the buy! If this is the recording of the Oregon concert, the poker scene may not seem funny to you unless you saw them live...but still the best show I have been to in ages.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree (1987) turned U2 into global superstars as they finally learnt to combine their multi-textured sound with the kind of melodies that fans could sing as well as sway along to. Bono talked about how he and U2 had discovered the song, and the single success of I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For, With Or Without You, and Where The Streets Have No Name - all American Number 1s - proved him right. <br />U2 still sounded explosive on Trip Through Your Wires or Bullet The Blue Sky, but there was a new, meditative maturity, coupled with an ever growing sense of social responsibility that blossomed in Mothers Of The Disappeared. Above all, U2 had rediscovered the vulnerable, questing spirit of their beginnings and allied it to their hardwon maturity.
B00005RYKV|5.0|Hands down the greatest movie of 2001.WOW!what a gangster perfect mafia pic.TAKESHI \\"BEAT\\" KITANO IS THE MAN!He directed and stars in this great action mobster YakuZA flick evryone would love.It is well thought out and concept is great.A blen of SCARFACE and RESERVOIR DOGS but very different and unique .After you see this movie you will rush to the video store and buy it i assure you! WOW *****\\"s.Check out also \\"FIREWORKS\\" with Beat Tkeshi also directed and \\"SONATINE\\".BROTHER IS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!BUY OR RENT AT ALL COSTS_---\\"TWO THUMBS UP, WAY UP!\\"______EMAIL ME about what you think or info ...ENJOY!!!!!!!!!!
B00005UEAR|5.0|Being a HUGE Dream Theater fan, this review will automatically be biased in their favor.  However, I still gave this 2-CD album a careful listen, and I LOVE every minute of it.  The songs on the first CD are very experimental and are not representative of the normal Dream Theater music I have grown to love, but they still blow my mind.  The music is great, the lyrics are great, and I honestly don't see any room for improvement.  Disc 2 is more along the normal Dream Theater lines, but at over 40 minutes, it is an album into itself.  Six-Degrees is definately Dream Theater at the current heighth of their musical careers, and I look forward to giving this disc many more listens.
B000002UAU|4.0|Hi.  Earlier I wrote a review that I didn't think was offensive or anything.  And for whatever reason Amalgamated decided not to publish it.  I guess it wasn't good for album sales.  Any-hoo.  Let's disect Amalgamated's accepted review of this album:<br />Before Sgt. Pepper, no one seriously thought of rock music as actual art.  (really?  I do believe the top &quot;rock&quot; song-writers of the time (including Misters Lennon and McCartney considered their own idols (Berry, Holly, etc.) artists and considered the music they played art.) <br />That all changed in 1967, though, when John, Paul, George and Ringo (with &quot;A Little Help&quot; from their friend, producer George Martin) created an undeniable work of art which remains, after 30-plus years, one of the most influential albums of all time. <BR>(who exactly has it influenced directly?  XTC?  Who else?  Hmmmm.)<br />From Lennon's evocative word/sound pictures (the trippy &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds,&quot; the carnival-like &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot;) and McCartney's music hall-styled &quot;When I'm 64,&quot; to Harrison's Eastern-leaning &quot;Within You Without You,&quot; and the avant-garde mini-suite, &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; Sgt. Pepper was a milestone for both '60s music and popular culture.  (well, ain't that a gas!)<br />Here's the truth of the matter.  1967 was the year of corporate rock psychedlia.  But you know what 1967 was just one year, and everything that came out in 1968 sure didn't sound like 1967.  The truth of the matter boys and girls is this:  Pound for pound this album doesn't add up to a classic album and song for song doesn't match up to the Beatles' best LP's.  The first four songs, and four of the last five songs are classic pop/rock songs.  The middle tracks are weak and/or dated material.  If they had stuck strawberry fields and penny lane in the middle in place of fixing a hole and benefit of mr. kite, THEN it would be one of the greatst LP's ever.
B000002JEV|5.0|The BBC sessions presented in this two CD set are great to see how in a few years Led Zeppelin evolved as a band. The first CD offers you the band ant the begining when its first two records were released. The performance are raw and powerful. Also, you have the opportunity to hear the band in various broadcast and this gives you the songs in alternate versions. The second CD is a more sophisticated band. Their sound is more elaborate but still powerfull and covers material from their third and fourth albums. <br />Listener must be aware that this is not a concert album but a collection of live BBC broadcasts. This means that you have repeated songs in the same CD. Nevertheless, Live at the BBC is as good as Led Zeppelin could deliver and promises not to dissapoint rock fans
B000000I3O|5.0|This is possibly my favorite album, right next to Beastie Boys \\"Paul's Boutique\\" (yeah, pretty different). I can't fathom anyone not liking this album to some extent. Take away the deranged imagery and punk leanings and one's left with a collection of infectious pop songs that harkens back to the 50's/60's. On top of that, Glen Danzig has some of the best male vocals ever, reminiscent of both Elvis and Jim Morrison.<br />That aside, the Misfits definitely aren't for everybody. If you like The Ramones' style of punk, then there's a chance you'll dig the Misfits. But even then, most people can't stomach the pervasive horror imagery. I've known several that have gotten into this album only to eventually discover that the lyrics are way too sick and twisted for their tastes. But anyone that enjoys Halloween and B-grade horror movies will likely be able to find amusement in the lyrics rather than out and out revulsion. I mean, it's essentially camp! With the right state of mind this is fun, fun stuff.<br />This collection is the best place to start if you're new to the Misfits. \\"Bullet\\" is absolutely essential. That one song can single handedly horrify any JFK-loving baby-boomer. A graphic and macabre re-imagining of the former president's assassination, \\"Bullet\\" is possibly the most irreverent song ever recorded. \\"Teenagers From Mars\\" is another essential Misfits track. Just TRY not to sing along as the pubescent Martians invade and subjugate the human race. (An alternate version can be found on the formidable \\"Static Age\\" LP but this one's the version to kill for.) \\"Where Eagles Dare\\" is instantly likeable and was my first favorite Misfits song, along with \\"Die, Die My Darling\\". \\"Mommy, Can I Go Out and Kill Tonight?\\", a song about a psycho killer that brings back body parts as souvenirs for his mother, rivals the flock for most demented lyrics. It's also the most hardcore song you'll ever want to hear (the live version on the \\"Walk Among Us\\" LP is riot-inducing).<br />The last five songs on this collection are from the \\"Earth A.D.\\" LP, the final Misfits album that marks the point when Danzig starts taking himself and the band a little too seriously. As such these songs are not as fun as the ones that come before and nowhere near as melodic, but they aren't bad if you like hardcore punk.
0804106304|2.0|...it makes up stories about Asian culture.  For instance, Tan describes how a women's worth is measured by the &quot;loudness of her husband's belch.&quot;  Where in Chinese history or Chinese literature or Chinese culture do you have Chinese men measuring the worth of women by how well they feed them?  Speaking of food, Tan describes a story about a duck that wants to be a swan [this is obviously the Ugly Duckling influence (a Western influence)].  Chinese people eat ducks.  If you go around San Fran Chinatown and look through some of the restaurants, you'll notice cooked ducks on display for food.  Swans signify romantic love because the Chinese admire how they mate for life.  Sure, the novel is good (structurally) and it does help feminist causes and such, but why do it in spite of my culture?  To me, it's not fair.
B00005U122|5.0|This is another Must-Have dvd to be one of the Floydians and a fan of Roger Waters. Otherwise, don't count yourself as one. Roger Waters and the band have created an amazing performance with wonderful audience. The sound and the picture quality is splendid. If you love PINK FLOYD and ROGER WATERS,and a ROCK-MUSIC lover, this s an INDISPENSIBLE concert dvd to be watched over and over again. You can't realize how fast time passes with Jacky on the rocks beside you. STANLEY KUBRICK's contribution to 'Perfect Sense' has made the song awesome. Hall's begging mercy to Dave on the background sound has put the bricks on the wall finally. 'What God Wants' could've added more flavors in the concert. I'm sure we all Roger Lovers will meet in the Garden one day. Fly high...
0060916540|5.0|This is, quite simply, the greatest mountaineering book ever written.
B00005IC2H|5.0|This album is one of the most beautiful ever.  It is uplifting, brooding, and generally undefinable.  Sigur Ros is their own genre.  They create aural landscapes and emotion, no matter what language &quot;Hopelandic&quot; translates to.  The guitar, played with a violin bow, sweeps over organ, heavy beats, and plaintive vocals. <BR><BR>Having seen them play live twice I can say the spectacle is even better than the record.  These guys deserve all the recognition they are finally getting.
B000002O1Q|4.0|Take nothing away from \\"Nowhere Fast\\", but the real and true reason to pick up this CD is for the 2 songs by The Blasters.  \\"One Bad Stud\\" is one of my favorite songs and while I don't know too much about the band what I have found out is that it appears that this might be the only way to get this song. I might not know everything about The Blasters but I know I love that song.  Damn fine song!!!
0671042858|5.0|Ahhh, such primal fears, such real madness... such a sweet girl and such a sweet story.<br />This is the best kind of writing there is.  Not once during this book did I think &quot;nice try, steve&quot; or &quot;that image ALMOST worked...&quot;<br />He's just perfect.  Great, great book.  And quick too.  Highly recommended.
0066620996|5.0|Jim Collins, author of the seminal classic Built to Last, addresses a dilemma many entrepreneurs face.  Can a good (read: average) company evolve into a great one, effectively re-jiggering the culture and direction of a company once set?  In a well-researched tome that is both easy to read (I finished it in three days) and clearly/compellingly articulated, Collins concludes that average companies can indeed morph into great ones.  Providing excellent guidance for decision-making on new and existing ventures, he bucket-izes the structure of his conclusions under the aegis of disciplined people, disciplined thought, and disciplined action.  Among the conclusions about Good to Great companies:<BR> <br />1. Their leaders are less differentiated by charisma or brilliant vision and more by humility and unrelenting will. <BR> <BR>2. Their focus is first on WHO (i.e., getting the right people through the door and in the right position, and the wrong people out door), then WHAT (i.e., figuring out and building the strategy)-- not the other way around.<BR> <BR>3. They confront the brutal facts and deal with them directly and decisively by \\"shining a light\\" on the key issues impacting the business and taking a \\"need to know\\" perspective at all times to reality as it really exists.  At the same time, this pragmatism is counterbalanced by an unrelenting guttural belief that they will prevail in the end (called the Stockdale Paradox). <BR> <BR>4. They build their strategy around three core circles (target markets they realistically believe they can dominate, ones with compelling economics, and ones they can be truly passionate about), and then come up with a crystallizing concept (called the Hedgehog) that flows from a deep understanding of the dynamics of the three circles. <BR> <BR>5. The hedgehog concept's power is less a function of one big transformation and more a product of many incremental improvements, culminating in the breakout success (debunking the myth of the overnight success).  Ironically, to those inside the company the magnitude of the transformation is often unclear at the time. <BR> <BR>6. They depend on building a culture of self-disciplined team members around the three circles (disciplined people, practicing disciplined thought and translating that into disciplined action) to the point of avoiding any \\"once in a lifetime opportunities\\" that fall outside the hedgehog concept.  Also, as a result, they are able to avoid bureaucratic corporate structures. <BR> <BR>7. They embrace new technologies solely as accelerators of the three circles and not creators of them, and avoid investments that don't specifically feed the three circles. <br />8. There are no inconsistencies with reconciling short-term financial performance pressures and maintaining long-term adherence to working the flywheel of the hedgehog concept to create a virtuous cycle of growth and sustenance. In short, these companies embrace the paradox that managing for both short-term and long-term success simultaneously is challenging but part of the \\"problem\\" being solved by the business.<br />Good to Great is a must read for people committed to building and/or investing in great businesses, as well as those personally driven to become great at what they do professionally.
B00005QDW1|5.0|they've kept bits of their &quot;ska&quot; type style by embracing the beauty of reggae. going to jamaica for inspiration and working with great people like nellee hooper definitely boosted no doubt's quality of work. <br />this album has a well-rounded yet consistent mix of music with only one song that i'm not absolutely crazy about. go check this one out - it is worth your time!
B00005U1YO|5.0|after the incrediblely underrated &quot;Surrender&quot;, the Chems come back once again to show why electronic music is as fresh and exciting as it eva waz. the title track &quot;come with us&quot; is sicker than sick and will knock you out if you're not ready for it. &quot;star guitar&quot; makes you wish you were on acid and even if you're not it'll still blow you away. &quot;galaxy bounce&quot; is tight and groovy with a sweet vocal hook. the last song, &quot;the test&quot; is a nice closer, with richard ashcroft (of the Verve) throwin down the sweet vocal addition to see you off on any other psychedelic adventures you may partake.speakin of psychedelic, that's a good description of the overall vibe you'll get from this album. so put on UR dancin shoes, surrender to Tom and Ed and get under their influence. you won't regret it.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|Requiem For A Dream, based on a book by Hubert Shelby jr. of the same title, is the best film ever made. This is also a tribute to the power of film making as a art. The brilliant perfromances played out by Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connely, and Marlon Wayans bring the terrifying and shocking book. <br />Requiem For A Dream is about four people in Connely Island, New York who dream about better lives but fail miserably as shown in the most shocking 30 minutes ever filmed. Ellen Burstyn gives the performance that actors, directors, and writers dream about. Ellen Burstyn's character recieves a phone call saying that she will be on a self help show. Unsatisfied with her apperance, she goes on weight loss drugs that give her speed-like side effects. But, she goes on a free fall into the requiem along with her son, her son's girfriend, and her son's best friend. Jared Leto plays a man who wants to make it big by selling heroin. Marlon Wayans' character and Jennifer Connely's character tries to help him help, but go into the requiem along with him.<br />Requiem For A Dream's breakout point is the score, film editing, and sound editing. The score is amazing and plays out beautifully through out the whole film. The film editing is absoultly stunning, especially during the drug taking and Requiem sequinces. The sound editing brings out their world into your world. It is almost better to have a Dolby Digital sound system to get the full sound.<br />In short, Requiem For A Dream is the greatest film ever made. The stars give absoultly amazing performances. The score, film editing, and sound editing is great. Darren Aronsosfky is a genius. I personally can not wait for Batman: Year One which is directed by Aronosofsky. Requiem For A Dream is brilliant film, but not for the squeamish.<br />Recomendations:<BR>Pi<BR>The Exorcist<BR>Trainspotting<BR>A Clockwork Orange<BR>Liquid Sky<BR>Fight Club<BR>Dark City
B00003CXRM|4.0|Each recent Coen Brothers film mirrors the one before it.  \\"Fargo\\" was a dark comic tale with one million dollars at its center.  \\"The Big Lebowski\\" was a comic tale with one million dollars at its center (in both cases that center included Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare).  \\"O Brother, Where Art Thou?\\", however, is different.  It begins with a search for one-point-TWO million dollars.<br />\\"The Odyssey\\" meets \\"The Three Stooges\\" meets Delta-blues-and-bluegrass meets Robert Altman's \\"Thieves Like Us\\", the latest Coen offerent almost defies conventional description.  Like \\"Big Lebowski\\", it's best viewed as a collection of anecdotes, and it doesn't really ends, so much as cuts to the closing credits at a logical breaking-off point.<br />Three escaped convicts bumble around parched Mississip in 1937.  Their lead is played surprisingly well by George Clooney, who's covered in dirt, stubble, and Dapper Dan pomade from beginning to end.  John Turturro is rather muted, dropping out of the middle section entirely.  Tim Blake Nelson, playing the \\"dumb\\" one (similar to Steve Buscemi's role in \\"Lebowski\\"), was previously unknown to me but stole nearly every scene he was in.  The movie's signature line belongs to him:  \\"Oh, George, not the livestock!\\"<br />The supporting roles are all Coen Brothers returnees: John Goodman, Holly Hunter, Charles Durning, and of course they steal all their scenes as well.  You'll never want for great acting in a Coen Brothers movie and this is one of their stronger casts.<br />The DVD contains a couple of interesting features, and I say this without having watched the multi-angle storyboards.  The cinematography featurette is an eye-opener, pointing out details in the film's color scheme I would not have noticed on my own.  It's also so earnest that you'll be forgiven for thinking it's another Coen Brothers DVD-extra hoax a la the \\"Blood Simple\\" disc.  The making-of featurette contains an interview with the Coens themselves, most intriguing ofall.  I am grateful for their appearance -- unlike their next film, this time they are not the Men Who Weren't There.
B000021XS0|5.0|Just step back and listen to this album... that is what I say to all of those \\"music school students\\" that have reveiwed this album in the past.  Come on, you guys are talking like you have million dollar record deals in your hands. Get off it! This album is great! I can say this, not being formally educated in the arts of riffs and proper vocal ranges, but I am glad that I am not.  Because this album does so much for me that I wish I had an English degree to properly illustrate what this album does for me.<BR>These guys are poetic.  This album is the album that all others should be judged by. I feel passion through James LaBrie's vocals and I can't see where no one else does.<BR>This opus, \\"concept album\\" , takes me on a journey that is nothing less that an \\"emotional joyride\\". The musical compositions are priceless, and James' vocal prowless is nothing less than legendary. \\"The Spirit Carries On\\" is the high point for me on this album. It is like the climax ... , everything is perfect up until this song, but when this song hits....UGHHHH! A legendary closer.<BR>Buy this album, and listen to it, you will not be disappointed. This album was crafted on intelligence, not like the \\"TRL\\" soupy sugar bands that you hear too much today. Pure thought and passion, thats what I want in my music and Dream Theater dealivers on this album.
B00005QIPH|4.0|Whether The Strokes are the next big thing or not, one thing is true: they get people talking. Take a look at all the reviews on amazon.com alone: people either love 'em or hate 'em; think they sound like VU, Television, Iggy, Blondie, etc., or think that they sound nothing like them; think they're the saviors of rock or \\"the flavor of the month\\"; and either find them delightfully entertaining or wholly obnoxious. All this discussion proves they've hit a chord with music listeners everywhere, and doesn't that account for anything? So, why don't we just let the people who like them like them, and those that don't don't. The comparisons are irrelevant anyway, no they don't really sound like any one of the bands they're so often compared too, but they sure do remind us of them. And what's wrong with that? Going back to my earlier review, I think The Strokes have simply offered a glimmer of hope to disenchanted music lovers like myself. This simple band has broken through and given us ALL something fun, catchy, raw, and energetic to enjoy. It's really nothing more than that.
B000050XEI|1.0|In other words, Enya takes a multi-layered, intense musical style and removes all the charm and substance.  I've eaten Hot Pockets that were more organic and interesting than Enya.
B00005R87Q|4.0|A fast paced, non-stop action thrill ride from start to finish!! I loved the story, it's such a great concept for a movie i think.  The acting was pretty good, though who's paying any attention to the stars; the cars are what got my attention.  Vin's da man!!  I can't wait till the sequel!!  YEP!!  *wink*<br />(out of five stars)<BR>sound - ****<BR>story - *****<BR>acting - ***<br />-i recommend this movie
B000002LBH|5.0|You will never in your life buy a better album(oops, CD!...I'm dating myself!), so get this now if you're second guessing yourself.  I bought this on album when it came out, and again on CD when I converted to that medium.  I now have to re- buy this because my husband has &quot;discovered&quot; the Smiths, and was less than gentle with my copy.  I knew that I couldn't do the recording justice by trying to fix the scratches, so I am buying it again. I need this CD to live, for life simply is not complete without it. This time, though, I will hide it from my husband! He can buy his own!
B00005RHGL|5.0|With the Exception of Henry Fonda's Earp...Kurt Russell is Wyatt Earp. And Val what can be said? He is so Doc Holiday that I think he must have really died in that sick bed.
B00005QZ7U|3.0|From an honest audience point of view :<br />I can't believe how rough the story line is and that it still got away from the critics. I wouldn't classify this as a musical, it is simply a film with a few great old songs thrown between the scenes. Nicole looks great and posseses a passable singing voice. The same can be said about Ewan who is well chosen for his part, but his high note became a bit irritating after awhile. But inspite of all this negative criticism, I found the film is visually exciting. I will definitely see it again and again.
B00005RHGK|2.0|I was really anticipating seeing this movie. However the show had practically no plot. There is a demon out killing people. The cops never get into his cellar and explore anything there where he ate people. They never tell why the demon is after the main character. I mean he wants the main character because otherwise there wouldn't be a movie at all but in the story they said the main character, Darry (Justin Long) had something the demon needed. Everytime I thought the movie was just about to get good, I was let down again. People show up in this movie for a short period of time that seem to know everything about this demon but the movie never explains their connection and how they know the stuff they know. Basically, if the story would have been more solid, the movie wasn't acted out bad, and it just might have been a pretty good flick.
B00005N83M|1.0|When Jennifer Lopez first released &quot;J.Lo&quot;, I ran out and bought it, enjoying every single track.  Now she rereleased it with the &quot;I'm Real&quot; Murda Remix.  Since the single is not available for sale in the US, the only way to get it is through the internet or by combing the import bins.  I will honestly say that I spent time combing the import bins rather than to buy the same album because it would've been a waste of money to spend money on the same album +1 song.  That money was well spent on the import cd single that had the remix w/ Ja Rule, the radio edit, and 3 unreleased dance mixes.  I'm really disappointed that JLo would do something like this to raise her album's status on the Billboard charts - especially since it began to slip before the rerelease.  Any respect I had for JLo as an artist all but disappeared.  This is all I got to say to JLo: &quot;Great way of milking more money out of your devoted fans.  And you said that love don't cost a thing.  Was that a lie?&quot;
B00000119Z|5.0|This is a sophisticated collection of well-written and well-performed songs.  The variations in mood and tonality are very effective, from the pounding, sitar-driven &quot;My white bicycle&quot; and psychedelically-drenched sound of &quot;Revolution&quot;, to the relaxed and benign &quot;Auntie Mary's Dress Shop&quot; and the bizarre but engaging silliness of &quot;Three Jolly litle Dwarfs&quot;.  This variety is complemented by frequent changes of key and tempo within the songs themselves, and the band's harmonies are uncomplicated but effective.  The only let down is their rather lazy version of &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, a cover that adds nothing to the album.<BR>Still a unjustly neglected classic [there are sadly many in this genre, such as &quot;moby grape&quot;, &quot;odyssey and oracle&quot; etc], where shifting moods, fine songwriting and adept performance combine to ensure listening pleasure.
0345451325|4.0|I loved this book to the highest exent and i recommend it to anyone who enjoys sci-fi/military books.
B00005QDW1|5.0|A lot are quick to judge this cd, but I bought this on a whim (plus being a fan of No Doubt helped out) and I can honestly say I am not at all disapointed. ROCK STEADY is a breath of fresh air. The band is evolving and trying new things, and this CD is a result of the good mood they were in during the RETURN OF SATURN tour. They wanted us to dance, well I'm dancing so they succeeded. My favorite song would either be the Prince produced &quot;Waiting Room&quot;, which to put it mildly, is hot. I also like &quot;Running&quot; quite a bit, which in my opinion is Gwen's most vocally endearing song to date. &quot;Hey Baby&quot;, &quot;Making It Out&quot; and &quot;Underneath it All&quot; are also great songs. The CD is a mixture of punk and ska, with electonic beats with the help of producers by the likes of William Orbit, Prince, Nellee Hooper, and more. Overall its a worthwhile buy. Give this one a listen!
1577311523|5.0|The most amazing book i have read! It changed my life!
0553275976|4.0|The Bonfire of the Vanities, is an overwhelming insane story, but yet it has such a devout social commentary correctness to it, that to ignore it would be unjust.  <br />Wolfe creates an amazing story line, which throughout the whole book is very consistent, but yet at the same time drifting.  Every character in the book is given their own personality, problems, and mini-story line, in essence their own book.  As the story moves along everyone is pulled together in the overriding story line but yet again they stay consistent to their own stories.  You end up watching every individual character play their own role and you ge tot know them more than it seems necessary, although in the end you realize why you needed so much detail.   <br />Not only does Wolfe provide lavishly entertaining characters, but also a strong commentary by the master himself.  Every word printed in the book is a reflection on how Wolfe views the world, and the types of people we really are.  Although never having visited New York myself, Wolfe creates more than realistic picture of how he and the rest of the world view New York.  The rich vs. the poor or the black vs. the white.  Everyone is placed in one group or the other whether they like it or even fit into it... <br />Wolfe's commentary and vivid use of racist terms at times becomes hard to bare and understand.  Although with out it, it would be just a simple book, never a bestseller.  It is exactly this type of language that makes the book more than an interesting read, but also an insightful and provocative journey through the mind of Tom Wolfe and the world he sees.
6303972810|5.0|I have been trying to buy this video for years!  It was no where!  Now that it's been rereleased some of the older copies seem to be available now!  And I swooped in immediately and got a copy for myself!  I have watched it at least 3 times since I bought it at the end of November.  Still not tired of it.  I keep thinking that I have seen it so I can sew or something while it's on.  But no - I find myself just sitting there and marveling at the acting and the storyline and the music!  I must say that this film could have been really bad - but instead (and I've watched it really close!) it's wonderful!
B000000WJZ|5.0|This album was made when the pumpkins were in their prime, and when lead singer Corgan was at his most depressed.  For me this is easily the best Pumpkins album.  They have many a song which is good among their other albums, but nothing as consistently and cohensively brilliant as Siamese Dream.  Pumpkins fans are often pictured as depressed, but this is not depressing goth music in the style of heavy metal, but music so infused with a deep sadness and longing that it can be wonderfully painfull to listen to at times.  Heavy distortion on most tracks masks corgans incredably emotive guitar playing and lyrical prowess something which takes time to appreciate.Especially good tracks are Mayonaise, Today, Cherub Rock, Soma, Rocket and Geek USA, but it would not be untrue to say I liked every song, each has it's reasons.  If you appreciate fine rock music dont be put of by the somewhat weaker recent releases, buy Siamese Dream as soon as you can.
B000002UAI|5.0|I have the old Capitol record, Beatles 65, which is the same album basically and every song is brilliant.  I'm a Loser is a pure classic, and Eight Days a Week is even more terrific.  To that user who said the song was boring, is that why it was number 1 for so many weeks?  Every Little Thing is a great song.  Nothing bad to say about this album.
B00005U1YO|4.0|It's been two years since the last c.d. from The Chemical Brothers and since I got the c.d. last week I've been playing it nearly ad-nauseam since.First impressions are that it's a good c.d.,but unfortunately not as good as some of their previous releases.There are plenty of very good tracks on the c.d. and it's quite pleasant to listen to-but it is missing the one or two blow your mind 'stand-out' tracks that you got on their other albums.<br /> The overall sound of this c.d. sees the duo returning to a greater concentration of dance tracks-rather then the dance/rock bridge into mainstream that was most evident on their last release &quot;Surrender&quot;.In fact the first 6 tracks are just total dance tracks.They seem to encompass various styles of dance,from pure techno to hard-house.The first track is exceelent as the duo beseech the listener to &quot;Come With Us&quot; in a swirl of synths-that have a vintage arcade video game sound,plenty of phat beats and a funly bass sound.As dance numbers go this is an excellent opener.&quot;It Began In Afrika&quot; was a huge club hit in Ibiza last summer and was the first single off the album.It's strictly a techno track and the thing is it's one of those tracks that's amazing in a club,yet just doesn't sound at all as good when you listen to it on your stereo at home.It's got a typical techno sound as well as some African effects of wild animal sounds and pulsating drums.This leads straight into track 3 which is another strictly techno track which has that unmistakable Chemical Brothers sounds of bassy synth sounds,lots of breakbeats and the odd sound affect of Dalek's courtesy of the Doctor Who sci-fi series.The new single &quot;Star Guitar&quot; is the standout dance track of the opening sequence-it's also their latest single.With a dance sound that seems to be taking a step back in time,it's almost quite like the Daft Punk sound of their last c.d.This pulsating track goes on for 6 minutes of head-bobbing pleasure and the female vocalist lyrics seem to be bringing us back to those 'happy' acid-house days.<br /> The next track &quot;Hoops&quot; is another long one.It's a change in dance styles and at times has quite a Japanese sound that reminds me of Yellow Magic Orchestra.There's a glorious couple of guitar breaks that work up and down the scales before it reverts to pure techno of constant very up-tempo beats backed by minimalist synth sounds.It's also an excellent dance track.If this c.d. fails to do well in the general market,there are enough tracks here for it to become a favourite in clubs.The next track also has a certain exotic feel to it.&quot;Elastic Eye&quot; seems to be infused with Oriental influences as well as Middle-Eastern vocal effects.The rhythm is a mass of break-beats and and pleasant synth effects mixed in with their harsher bass meets rock sounds.<BR> There are two vocal contributions on this c.d.The first one comes from Beth Orton who sounds suitably disaffected on the track &quot;The State We're In&quot;.It's a slow track which has similarities with Air.To be honest this track only gets good when the vocals cease and the whole thing really speeds up and leads us brilliantly into the next track.The other vocals are done by Richard Ashcroft on the closing track.It's a much better track and Ashcroft's layered harmonies see him in great form.This one is quite atmospheric and builds up nicely after an eerie start.The best of the other instrumental dance tracks would have to be &quot;Denmark&quot;-which moves along at a very brisk speed.It features sounds of bells,whistles and marvellous slap-bass and more pulsating rhythm's.<br /> This isn't quite the classic c.d. I was hoping for.Maybe I expected too much from this duo.There is nothing particularly new on this c.d.I don't know whether it's a case that the duo have temporarily run out of ideas or that they think that they've taken this particular genre as far as they can.I sincerely hope it's not the latter!
B00003CXWV|3.0|This is a review of the DVD, not the film itself--which has its own set of problems in this fascinating true story delivered in a very inconsistent, flawed fashion. But I digress...on to the DVD. \\"A\\" for concept, \\"D\\" for execution. It's hard to believe that anyone actually reviewed and checked the results before this went into production.<br />Both Video and audio are quite good--a very clean, impressive job that truly makes watching this film enjoyable and worthwhile. <br />It's on the Infinifilm extras where this DVD comes up extremely weak. Though a few are terrific additions--the interview/comments with the real George Jung, for example--others appear to be slap-dash efforts at filling up the disk and giving the impression that there's real quality within. A good example is the so-called \\"Fact Track,\\" which is designed to play as subtitles in the Infinifilm version of the movie. \\"Fact Track?\\" Hah! Loads of typos/spelling errors (heroine instead of heroin in one passage, for example), factual errors (Woodstock Festival--\\"Three Days of Peace and Music\\" as it occurred in 1969--has an extra fourth day added here by the creators of the \\"Fact Track\\"), random \\"Facts\\" that come in places that often demonstrate little rhyme or reason for their location in the film and hop all over the map without any real sense of organization, bio subtitles about some of the cast but not others, a blatantly unbalanced anti War on Drugs message which is rendered so via tons of stats on (what I agree is) the huge waste of federal monies and effort in this regard WITHOUT ANY mention or statistics on the still ongoing devastation wreaked upon our country by cocaine and, by his involvement, George Jung.<br />The Documentary on the effects of cocaine on Colombia is pretty good and important given the lack of mention in the film itself, but at times the people speaking (in Spanish with English subtitles) talk so rapidly that in some spots it's nearly impossible to both follow the dialogue andthe picture without watching again. (Maybe that's the trick! \\"You'll watch it over and over again!\\")<br />The Production Diary--short video excerpts on various random days of the 63-day shoot--includes an excerpt from one day which consists entirely of an audio track that is normal like the rest but accompanied by video which consists entirely of the camera pointed down at the pavement. Intriguing.<br />Last but not least, the Infinifilm feature itself--think VH1's \\"Pop-up Videos\\"--is fabulous in concept but a failure too often in execution to really be worthwhile. Some extras (most deleted or alternate scenes, for example) appear exactly where logical, such as the alternate Intro. Others pop up in places that seem to be entirely random (Ted Demme's filmography, which pops up not with the opening credits, but instead somewhere deep within the film.) Some just don't fit where they are at all in a fashion that leaves one believing that the creators weren't even paying attention (or perhaps had just done some BLOW) when they inserted them (a jump to a spot about Otisville FCI pops up early in the film when George is sent to Danbury FCI instead of at the end when we see him in the Upstate New York slammer.)<br />The most useful and enjoyable part of Infinfilm (an overall concept which has the potential to be phenomenal!) is the ability to see alternate versions of scenes in direct A/B comparison to the ones that made the final cut.<br />Look, I don't HATE this DVD package and did enjoy the film and exploring the disk, but its features are WAY OVER-HYPED and fall short of the sell-job done on them. Unabashed fans of the film will probably love them all regardless of the \\"Facts.\\" Do other Infinifilms have similar problems? This is the first Infifinifilm I've seen.<br />One note about the film and its screenplay. Both contain an error early in the film (in the mid 1960's) when George, Tuna, and his other bud from Mass. are discussing the colleges back in Mass. where they can sell their weed. One school that they mention is Hampshire College, which didn't enroll its first class until 1970. FACT CHECKING, FACT CHECKING. Can't believe no one in production caught that, given the comparatively large number of Hampshire grads who work in the film industry. OK, OK, I'm done....
0790733226|5.0|This is one of the few films that absolutely HAS IT ALL!  Jodie Foster, one of our finest actresses, is at her best here.  She captures all the subtleties of a highly complex and engaging character.  The emotions she expreses are staggeringly on target and moving.  John Hurt is perfectly delightful and effective in an unusual role - completely believable.  Matthew McConaughey portrays another quite subtle character and he also never misses a note as \\"a man of the cloth\\" who transcends the usual limits of such a character.  To fully appreciate the direction and photography, be sure to watch the extra commentaries included in the DVD.  Robert Zemeckis convinces us of his genius (without trying).  Finally, the subject matter is on a level of ambition that compares very well with predecessors like \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" and \\"2010.\\"  If one unfortunately fails to grasp the philosophical-spiritual significance of the film, it would then be easy to be dismissive (see the June 1968 Playboy review of \\"2001\\" for a perfect example of this type of sad review). This film will absolutely be on the \\"short list\\" for many, many people.
B00003CXZ4|4.0|What a brilliant film, leaving you slightly stunned, but dying to watch it again, brilliantly mastered, intellgently shot, a true masterpiece. Leonard Shelby creates emotions in us all, whether it be pity, fear or hatred, a character you can't help but want to know.
B00004RD54|5.0|IMO, this is one the best live albums. The extra tracks on this edition aren't good, but that does not matter as the originals are amazing.<br />Especially, Steve Hunters guitar is superb.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I've now had the chance to listen to this album quite a few times so now feel qualified to give an early informed opinion for the benefit of you DT fans out there.<br />DISC 1 - Opens up with 'The Glass Prison' which is the fastest and darkest DT song to date.  Imagine combining parts from 'The Mirror'and 'Home' and playing them over 'Acid Rain', then throw in a bit of Megadeth and you're somewhere in the vicinity. <BR>'Blind Faith' is a little reminiscent of 'Trial of Tears' with an LTE type feel to it as well, and one of those reoccuring wah-wah phrases that Petrucci is so good at.<BR>'Misunderstood' is a little more laid back and reminds me a little of Mullmuzzler, with Annihilator style pick noises at the end of the song! Vintage LaBrie on this one.<BR>'The Great Debate' is back to the heavier and dark feel of the first track, before closing with the ballad 'Disappear'.<BR>10/10 for the disc - Very fresh sounding and a little different from what you would expect, but ultimately everything you'd hope for.<br />DISC 2 - It took me a long time to get into 'Change..' and 'Scenes..' so i don't expect to appreciate a 42 min epic after a week of listening.  The song covers all the ground you'd expect from these guys but doesn't give me quite the same buzz as Disc 1, BUT if you like long epic songs of 15 minute plus then this is as good as any I've ever heard. <BR>9/10 - Because I prefer shorter more accessible songs (but taken individually parts 3-7 are all perfect DT songs).<br />CONCLUSION - Essential listening that won't disappoint existing fans, but I doubt will win them any new fans due to its ambitious nature.  At the end of the days this album is every bit as good as both 'Images' and 'Scenes' and should become a classic. Truly a great CD from a most innovative band. RESPECT DUE!<br />As a footnote I would like to add that I saw DT play the other night in London (fantastic 2.5 hr show), and it was great to see them playing 'Under A Glass Moon' after all this time, and I can't remember ever seeing an audience cheer so much after the guitar solo! And as final point the new song 'Glass Prison' is an absolute stormer of an opener!!
6300182282|4.0|Ellen Burstyn and Alda Alda have collaborated in highly thought-provoking and touching performances.  We follow the characters from their mid-twenties into their fifties(at five-year intervals) and are privy to the changes that have occurred at each step.  So many things change for most of us over five years.  The challenge here is to seamlessly weave the new expository information into each of the fairly short scenes -- and the attempt has been quite successful.  Burstyn is completely convincing at each step along the way; she easily passes for both a twenty-something and a fifty-something -- and Alda is just about as good. If you have ever shed a tear during a movie, be prepared....It is satisfying to realize that such a wonderful production can be achieved on what must have been an extremely low budget (there were only two or three sets, all fairly simple -- and there were no other actors worth mentioning other than the two stars.)  I would have liked to have had the option of rating this film 4 and 1/2 stars! I suggest buying it and passing it on!
B00005B36H|5.0|First off, when any song on a cd could possibly be your favorite at any given time, you know you've found something special.  Likewise with a cd in which you hear something different everytime you listen to it.  I have found that with any Tool album, you can listen to different parts of songs and find tiny details you didn't realize were there.  The musicianship on this album raises the bar for any rock band in the past 10 years.  That combined with lyrics that are deeper than you might realize, and emotion by the truckloads and you have yourself a buy that cannot be missed.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This movie was quite a joyride, and one must really 'doff one's hat' to<br />  the Coen brothers, the producer-director duo who make 'different' movies.<br />  The movie is a take-off of sorts on 'The three stooges' and 'Ullyses',<br />  but you may not notice that without looking at the 'production feauterette'<br />  - one of the many 'DVD extras' included.<br />  The story goes like this : Clooney plays a smooth-talking convict who<br />  tells the other two prisoners chained to him at the prison farm that<br />  he'd buried a treasure before getting busted, and they escape, setting<br />  out in search of the treasure.<br />  They run into a blind old man, who prophesises that they'll have a long<br />  journey, a the end of which they'll find a great treasure, though not<br />  the one they seek. He also predicts that they'll have a great many<br />  adventures along the way.<br />  And so begins a roller-coaster ride, which takes you along the tide of<br />  emotions, with many a laugh all along, and a generous dose of great<br />  folk music (the movie is set in the depression era of 1930s).<br />  The acting is great - Clooney's outstanding, and is ably supported by<br />  John Torturro &amp; Tim Blake-Nelson, Holly Hunter &amp; a plethora of actors<br />  with interesting cameos who keep coming all the time.<br />  The direction's even better, as the narrative flows smoothly - you<br />  don't realize where the time goes, and there lots of 'little touches'<br />  here &amp; there which underscore the expert direction.<br />  But the real highlight is the great music, which is really infectious<br />  - in particular 'Man of constant sorrow', which is the showpiece song.<br />  I can't help humming it all the time, ever since i heard it !!<br />  Coming to the DVD, it's been put together very well - the 'production<br />  featurette' gives you an insight into how the Coen brothers work and<br />  little tidbits about the movie &amp; the actors, and there are 'sneak peeks'<br />  and a video of 'A man of constant sorrow', apart from the trailor.<br />  But the part that i liked best was 'Painting with pixels', in which you<br />  get to know how Computers were used to give the scenes a unique feel.<br />  They show you he scenes as taken originally by the camera, and then<br />  after 'treatment' on the Computers. The 'before-after' difference is<br />  amazing ........<br />  All in all, a movie &amp; DVD i heartily recommend - two thumbs up :-) !!d there are 'sneak peeks'<BR>   and a video of 'A man of constant sorrow', apart from the trailor.<BR>   But the part that i liked best was 'Painting with pixels', in which you<BR>   get to know how Computers were used to give the scenes a unique feel.<BR>   They show you he scenes as taken originally by the camera, and then<BR>   after 'treatment' on the Computers. The 'before-after' difference is<BR>   amazing ........<br />   All in all, a movie &amp; DVD i heartily recommend - two thumbs up :-) !!
068483605X|5.0|I read this book because I remembered being shown the movie as a child and not really understanding the movie, but finding it scary and sad. At 24 years-old, I figured I could probably grasp the plot by now, and I was curious what it was all about.<br />I was not disappointed. This is one of the best books I've read in a while. As far as I'm concerned, the fact that the characters are all animals makes it more interesting, not less (was Animal Farm boring for lack of humans?). Animals are often used in literature to represent human archetypes and it can be quite a useful tool. Here it's no different: you have Hazel, the leader coming into his own, Fiver, the seer, Bigwig, the warrior, etc. The rabbits experience adventures worthy of the Odyssey throughout the story, and I found there was never a dull moment.<br />The basic plotline is that a small band of rabbits escapes from their warren (rabbit community) after a rabbit with some sort of sixth sense (Fiver) predicts its destruction. The rest of the story chronicles the rabbits' journey through the English countryside to try to establish a new warren elsewhere and acquire does so that the warren will flourish. There's lots of dangers for wild rabbits from all sorts of expected and unexpected sources, and their adventures are the meat of the story.<br />I decided the story still is scary; at times it was all I could do to force myself to actually read the words rather than skip ahead to discover if one of the characters survives the close fight, or epic (for rabbits) three-mile journey, or hopeless mission. But it's not sad. It's an inspiring story of courage, ambition, loyalty, and friendship, with plenty of adventure along the way - all the ingredients for a great story.<br />Regarding the disappointed reviewer who read this in an English class - a poorly taught English class can ruin any great book. This book has important, if not altogether original, insights into human relationships, government, society, oppression, liberation, fear, death, etc. I think this is a very valuable book and one of the best I've ever read. I'm glad I gave it another chance.sion, liberation, fear, death, etc. I think this is a very valuable book and one of the best I've ever read. I'm glad I gave it another chance.
B00003CXSM|2.0|\\"The Wedding Planner\\" has all the originality, credibility and wit of a bad TV sitcom.  The film boasts a storyline so hoary and wheezy that one could probably trace its antecedents all the way back to that marvelous 1934 classic \\"It Happened One Night\\" - if not indeed even further back than that.  It's the oldie about the bride-or-groom-to-be who discovers just at that crucial last moment, when all the guests have gathered for the wedding, that he or she is actually marrying the wrong person and that his or her real, honest-to-God genuine true love is just out there waiting in the wings ready for the taking.  \\"The Wedding Planner\\" doubles our pleasure by having TWO such disastrous weddings happening at the same time.<br />Like far too many lazy romantic comedies, \\"The Wedding Planner\\" is based on a premise so reeking of incredibility, coincidence and contrivance that any attempt to connect it to the real world vanishes at the outset (and before you accuse me of being an unromantic and of not understanding that suspension of disbelief is an essential ingredient in any film in the romantic comedy genre, I will just point to the brilliant 1967 film \\"Two For the Road\\" as evidence that this does not have to be the case).  Jennifer Lopez plays Mary Fiore, a hotshot wedding planner so absorbed in the minutiae of her work that she just can't seem to find the time or the inclination to look for Mr. Right herself.  One day she is \\"rescued\\" from near-death - in a scene of stultifying stupidity - by a handsome pediatrics doctor named Steve, played by Matthew McConaughey.  A feeling of mutual attraction develops between them, which leads to heady complications when, to Mary's utter amazement (but to no one else's in the audience), Dr. Steve turns out to be the fianc&eacute;e of the very woman whose wedding Mary has been planning.  As always, the well-intentioned characters struggle with the complexities of the situation, momentarily consider the feelings of their future spouses, then immediately run off and do what's best for themselves anyway.  And why is it that, in situations such as this one, those rejected suitors always turn out to be either so self-absorbed and hateful that we don't care a bit if they're hurt by the wedding day turnabout, or so completely self-negating and understanding that they end up happily wishing the newly formed couple bon voyage with the rest of their friends and family?  Either way the audience is let off the hook and we are free to root for our two main characters with a clear conscience.  Some genres just have hopeless conventions I guess.<br />One could conceivably overlook the mountain of clich&eacute;s under which the story lies buried had the film at least managed to bring even a touch of freshness, style and wit to its execution.  Instead, we are subjected to an assortment of silly, lowbrow antics such as Mary finding herself on an out-of-control horse so that Steve can ride along and rescue her, or Steve breaking off the genitals of a statue and having to hold the newly glued piece on while talking to a policeman.  The dialogue doesn't help to raise the sophistication level of the film much either.<br />Where \\"The Wedding Planner\\" really falls down, however, is in the performance department.  Jennifer Lopez appears to be a reasonably likable and attractive young woman, but she seems hopelessly puerile and amateurish both in her line readings and in her body language.  McConaughey is his usual blank self, and virtually every supporting player is forced to indulge in the broadest sort of comic overacting in a desperate attempt to wring at least SOME laughs out of this tired material.<br />The way I look at it is this:  if you have seen \\"Runaway Bride\\" - yet another bad romantic comedy - you've already seen \\"The Wedding Planner.\\"  So skip it and rent \\"Two For the Road\\" and see what great romantic comedy is really all about!immediately run off and do what's best for themselves anyway.  And why is it that, in situations such as this one, those rejected suitors always turn out to be either so self-absorbed and hateful that we don't care a bit if they're hurt by the wedding day turnabout, or so completely self-negating and understanding that they end up happily wishing the newly formed couple bon voyage with the rest of their friends and family?  Either way the audience is let off the hook and we are free to root for our two main characters with a clear conscience.  Some genres just have hopeless conventions I guess.<br />One could conceivably overlook the mountain of clichs under which the story lies buried had the film at least managed to bring even a touch of freshness, style and wit to its execution.  Instead, we are subjected to an assortment of silly, lowbrow antics such as Mary finding herself on an out-of-control horse so that Steve can ride along and rescue her, or Steve breaking off the genitals of a statue and having to hold the newly glued piece on while talking to a policeman.  The dialogue doesn't help to raise the sophistication level of the film much either.<br />Where \\"The Wedding Planner\\" really falls down, however, is in the performance department.  Jennifer Lopez appears to be a reasonably likable and attractive young woman, but she seems hopelessly puerile and amateurish both in her line readings and in her body language.  McConaughey is his usual blank self, and virtually every supporting player is forced to indulge in the broadest sort of comic overacting in a desperate attempt to wring at least SOME laughs out of this tired material.  <br />The way I look at it is this:  if you have seen \\"Runaway Bride\\" - yet another bad romantic comedy - you've already seen \\"The Wedding Planner.\\"  So skip it and rent \\"Two For the Road\\" and see what great romantic comedy is really all about!
B00003CY0U|4.0|Some unrealistic scenes, for example, breaking into the government website in 60 seconds. The screen was just showing directory listings of the files on a unix system. This will get you nowhere. Also, some far fetched action scenes, but not as bad as Mission Impossible 2 where the road bikes magically turn into dirt bikes!<br />However, I gave it 4 stars for good action scenes, an inventive plot and a good twist to the ending. I will watch it again. <br />PS: What kind of car is Travolta driving? Beautiful! Halle Berry is impressive too!
0783113943|4.0|The movie was good but I could have done without the guys. I thought it could be one of those movies you watched with your husband to tease him a little. All and all it is as good as true stories go.
B00000JY1X|5.0|This set is definitive evidence that Stephin Merritt is the best songwriter working in music today. It's lucky for us that he's also one of the most prolific, as \\"69 Love Songs\\" clearly proves.<br />While the Magnetic Fields have always been a good band and Merritt has always been an intriguing songwriter, nothing that they have recorded before has even hinted at this sort of ambition.<br />How ambitious? Try 69 songs over three CDs (23 a piece!)and three hours, which run the gamut in style from showtunes (\\"The Luckiest Guy on the Lower East Side\\"), jazz (\\"Love is Like Jazz\\"), Irving Berlin (\\"A Pretty Girl is Like...\\") and Johnny Cash (\\"Papa Was a Rodeo\\") to new wave (\\"Promises of Eternity\\"), country (\\"Sweet-Lovin' Man\\"; \\"Kiss Me Like You Mean it\\"), Gilbert and Sullivan (\\"For We Are the King of the Boudoir\\") and novelty (\\"Punk Love\\"). <br />This is not to mistake 69 Love Songs as a mere novelty record; these songs are smart, witty, and relentlessly listenable. Lesser artists would kill for just one of Merritt's songs, of which \\"Acoustic Guitar\\", \\"As Parades Go By\\", \\"I Don't Believe in the Sun\\", \\"The Book of Love\\", \\"Busby Berkeley Dreams\\", \\"The Way You Say Goodnight\\", \\"All My Little Words\\" and \\"Papa Was a Rodeo\\" are the standouts.  <br />Those who have said in their reviews that this set is a stylistic mess have missed the point entirely; Merritt wrote these songs inspired by Stephen Sondheim and envisioned them being performed as cabaret. Are some of them campy? Sure, but that's part of what makes this collection so great -- Merritt doesn't take himself, or it, too seriously. <br />Greater than the sum of its parts, \\"69 Love Songs\\" is the best release of 1999 and maybe even the 90s.
B00005TT77|1.0|None of these songs compare favorably to the Beatles' originals.  I always ask, &quot;why bother covering a song if you're not going to add something new or interpret it in an unusual way?&quot;  This soundtrack has me asking that again and again.  I am especially irked that the film contained all sorts of Beatles trivia, quotes, and general underlying theme, yet contained not one note of original Beatles recording.  Everyone looks to the Beatles as a crucial stage in the evolution of pop music -- buy their albums instead of this.
0393317552|4.0|This book would have benefitted greatly from slash and burn editing. It started with such promise. The chapter on Pizarro's conquest of the Incas was fascinating. It was pretty easy reading. The summary of the beginnings of agriculture and animal domestication, with references to landscape and climate, were also interesting. I felt like a lot of the rest of the book was beating us over the head with repeats of the same information. How many times do we need to be told that the Chinese invented the wheelbarrow or that Mesoamerica had the wheel but didn't use it for transportation? I feel the pain of professors who assign a page limit on papers and have to wade through filler students use to pad them out to the required page limit. My faith in the granters of the Pulitzer prize was shaken.
B000002J09|2.0|Okay, you've seen the two stars and are thinking &quot;Whaaaat! He's crazy! Either that or he'a  teenybopper!&quot; Firstly I want to point out that I enjoy classic hard rock as much as anyone. I love Black Sabbath, Queen, Aerosmith, Rush, Deep Purple and bands of that kind. But I've never understood what is meant to be so special about Led Zeppelin. Page's guitar playing has never been anything particularly outstanding, and Robert Plant can annoy like few others. Sure, Bonham is a great drummer, but one great drummer doesn't mean that the whole band is great.<br />Anyway this album is nothing to get excited about, and songs like Battle Of Evermore, Misty Mountain Hop and Four sticks are just plain bad. Have you heard the bit in Evermore where they sing &quot;I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon , waiting for the eastern glow&quot;? It's completely out of harmony. How you can't cringe when you hear that , I don't know. But of course it's by the mighty Zep so it has to be good, right? Wrong.It's awful. Misty Mountian Hop is similarly afflicted by the same problem. And in general I don't think that any songs on this album are particularly good. So I really can't recommend this album to anyone who enjoys good music. Try to move away from the misguided &quot;Zeppelin ARE rock&quot; attitude, and sample what other bands have to offer.
630242335X|3.0|Star Trek VI is the last of the motion picture series featuring the cast of the original Star Trek. In this one, Kirk once again goes head to head with his old enemies, the Klingons in a new and unexpected setting. Before the usual change of fortunes that brings Kirk to the top, he is apprehended and put on trial by the Klingons, during the course of which a very interesting observation is made about Kirk that we will return to shortly. The cast quoting some memorable lines from Shakespeare and more recent poets enhances the storyline. Also entertaining is the usual Star Trek wit and humor. <br />As a die-hard fan of the original TV series that watched Star Trek movies 1 thru 6, I felt it proper to include a tribute to the Star Trek movies. The TV series was one of my most favorite shows and I have watched every episode several times. When it was announced that Star Trek motion pictures would be produced, I awaited the release with much anticipation. Now that I have seen every movie as well, I feel that without examining the relationship between the TV series and the movies, I cannot adequately write a tribute.<br />Star Trek movies marked a notable departure from the series, which from this point on I will refer to as Star Trek. In Star Trek, Kirk and Spock were portrayed as dedicated, disciplined, principled and intelligent officers who were worthy examples to follow. In addition, Spock became an icon by personifying a being, who unhindered by emotion, could surpass humans in physical and mental feats. As a Vulcan, he was incapable of lying. Their mission, also that of the Enterprise, the rest of her crew and the Star Fleet was to \\"seek out new life and new civilizations\\" and successfully interact with them. This interaction was not always a success, as in the case of the Romulans and Klingons. However, at the end they came out on top because of their discipline.<br />During the course of Star Trek movies, Kirk is transformed into \\"an undisciplined officer who ignores the chain of command whenever it suits him\\" as described during his Klingon trial mentioned earlier. Some examples include Star Trek II, (failing to raise shields in time resulting in devastating damage to the Enterprise by Khan), Star Trek III (commandeering a Star Fleet vessel and traveling to a planet against orders) and Star Trek VI (hurtling the Enterprise out of the space dock at speeds exceeding those set forth by regulations.)<br />Spock's transformation is more profound. The Vulcan who \\"cannot lie\\" begins lying in Star Trek II, (estimated repair time) which he calls \\"exaggeration.\\" This trend continues until in Star Trek VI, every misrepresentation of facts is seen not as lie but \\"omission\\", \\"difficulty\\" and \\"choice.\\" Following Spock's example, his Vulcan protg also lies freely.<br />Changes in Kirk and Spock affect the crew as well, transforming them from loyal and disciplined shipmates into space pirates, as they abandon the very principles that had made them a great crew.<br />In the interest of fairness, I give this movie three stars wishing that I could give it more. To the original TV Series, I give five stars, also wishing that I could give it more.<br />Farewell Star Trek, and thanks for all the memories.
B00005UEAR|5.0|2 CDs, 5 songs! What more could a DT fan ? I was wondering how they would top Metropolis Pt2and they did so with this new release. Listening to Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence has proven that this band gets better and better with age. If you buy 1 (or 2 in the case of this release) you NEED to own this one.
B00005UV96|5.0|Once again the Chemical Brothers have taken music to a new level.  After hearing &quot;It Began In Afrika&quot; and the excellent &quot;Star Guitar&quot;, I knew that the new album would not be a disappointment. Each song on COME WITH US takes your mind on a funky, trippy journey that breaks through the soul with ease. I would name the best songs, but they are all wonderful in their own way. Simply mindblowing.
0684833395|5.0|I read this book 25 years ago....and still remember the names of all the main characters....still remember the lines, the insanity of it all.  This book taught me that it is possible to make money selling eggs for less than what you paid for them.  Yossarian, Major Major.., the whore, the definition of Catch-22, the books ability to project that term into our culture....what can I say....except that I wish I was good enough to write something like this....
B00005Q66T|3.0|GHV2 is fine for the &quot;fan&quot; who doesn't already have these tunes, but let's be candid, most of us Real Fans have this stuff and much more.  We DON'T especially need an album of single and radio edits (not even the whole song) that we've heard thousands of times already.  <br />What Madonna and Maverick need to do is release &quot;GHV2 REMIXED - THE BEST OF 1991-2001&quot; which was distributed gratis to radio stations and other industry types who are now &quot;loyally&quot; selling their copies on eBay for over a hundred bucks.  Many of us already own a substantial number of her CD single remixes but there are a couple here that aren't found anywhere else.  As described on eBay:<br />&quot;...USA promo-only 2-CD set (Catalog number PRO-CD-100781)...A total of 12 remixes on two picture CD discs. What It Feels Like For A Girl (That Kid Chris Mix) is totally exclusive to this set. CD1: 1. What It Feels Like For A Girl (That Kid Chris Caligula 2001 Mix) (previously unreleased) 9:51 2. Don't Tell Me (Timo Maas Mix) 6:55 3. Drowned World/Substitute For Love (BT &amp; Sasha Bucklodge Ashram Mix) 9:27 4. Human Nature (Bottom Heavy Dub) 7:56 5. Frozen (Calderone Extended Club Mix) 11:17 6. Erotica (Masters At Work Dub) 4:54  CD2: 1. Deeper And Deeper (David's Klub Mix) 7:39 2. Ray Of Light (Calderone Club Mix) 9:30 3. Beautiful Stranger (Calderone Club Mix) 10:12 4. Bedtime Story (Luscious Dub Mix) 7:40 (never before available on CD) 5. Secret (Junior's Sound Factory Dub) 7:58 6. Music (HQ2 Club Mix) 8:50.&quot;<br />Now THAT'S WHAT I CALL MUSIC...please give us something fresh, Madge!  Everybody e-mail Maverick at their Web site!
0855328355|5.0|This book will give you every bit of information you'll need to get started in silk ribbon embroidery.  The step-by-step instructions and pictures are nearly as good as having a personal instructor!  I was amazed by the amount of information packed into this thin book.  You'll be able to make dozens of different types of stitches with the information you find here.  This book is well planned and (surprisingly) covers even such details as painting in a background for your work!  Worth every penny you pay for this book!
B00005Q45W|5.0|This is a very very good CD.  It relaxes you like none other.  This is the best Leonard Cohen ever.  I have sent it to many friends.  The more you listen the more you want to listen.
B00005U2LM|2.0|alot of Promise at first but after a while&some decent songs&Side Projects but on a whole nothing to match the Hype.The Production&Beats are mainly by the Numbers to Me.the FLow has some moments but they are past there Creative Peak as far as I'm Concearned.they have had better days&alot of that is showing.it's never easy for a Group or Artist to Maintain a Level especially when you are on the Pulse&they were on that Pulse but only now they are a Logo at best.Ghostface,Meithoid Man,RZA,ODB&the Rest Of The Crew to Me seem like they have all but Broken up by the feel of this Disc.
B00005QIPH|2.0|While I don't find this album to be terrible, I do find it terribly unremarkable.  All hype aside, this band is O.K.  I've been told to just to listen to it and take it in.  Whatever happened to freewill or having and opinion?  I don't have to accept it if I don't want to.<br />Being that their single sounds like a ripoff of Tom Petty's \\"American Girl\\" ..., I am even more disappointed in the uneven sound of the record.  They do sound \\"homegrown\\" and it has been a while since NYC had a band to boast about.  And yes, many bands sound like the Velvet Underground and Tom Petty ripped his sound off of the Byrds. But, at my jaded age, it's hard to get past the contrived look and sound here.  This is nothing new and not very interesting.  No, this is NOT it, at least for me.
0446608955|5.0|This is a great book it is a wonderful story about first love and falling in love. The story can be predictable but who cares, it is a story that make me cry. Not many books have done that. If you are considering reading this book do it, you will love it. I however did see the movie, and it is what they say &quot;based on the book&quot;. If you saw the movie and you loved it then you will love this book. If you have not seen the movie, you will love this book. I certainly did.
0671027344|5.0|I read this book the first time around the middle of my first year in college.  I had nothing else to read, and my roommate suggested it.  I devoured the book in less than two hours.  Since then (it's been about a year) I've read it 3 more times, forced my best friends to read it, and gave it to my sister for a school assignment.  I highlighted passages, and wrote in the margins.  I never write in books; I have a certain respect for them and try not to defile them except for writing my name inside the cover.  But \\"Wallflower\\" spoke to me in a way that other books never have.  I felt I had to add in my agreement.  This is one of the first books that ever made me want to cry.  Chbosky got it all right, down to the Rocky Horror Picture Show (which I love).  This book is perfect for anyone who was ever a teenager, anyone who wondered why the world is the way it is, and anyone who needs to read something real.  This book was worth every cent I paid and, as a college student, $10 is worth a lot.
B00005QIPH|3.0|I recently bought this record as a package deal with the new &quot;CONVOY&quot; record &quot;BLACK LICORICE&quot; And have to admit that the convoy record has occupied my cd player much more frequently than &quot;is this it&quot; Don't get me wrong I love the new strokes record too,<br />but it gets a little tireing and the production of every song seems almost the same. ie: distorted vocals etc..<br />I am very curious to see how the strokes will mature into their next record until then i'll be listening to more convoy.
B00003CY0V|2.0|This movie is an action packed load of garbage that tries to use the ruthlessness of American patriotism to give a cool and powerful image to the American government.<BR>This idea that there are these people in America who eliminate any terrorist threat with more brutality than the terrorists themselves is nothing more than an insecure fairytale concocted by Hollywood to make everyone feel safer in a sort of \\"they don't wanna fu#@ with us\\" kind of way.<BR>I don't think there will be a sequel to this movie now that sep 11 has happened.
0451167716|5.0|What can I say?  All of my words will not be able to tell the story of this wonderful gangster book.  This book sealed my still-living interest in the mafia.  I have always loved the mafia and how it worked.  This book explained it to a T.  Puzo's complex plot weaved with sinister bargaining make this a must read.  I am still at a loss of words.  Definitely one the the top ten books I have ever read.
B00005UV96|3.0|The Limited Edition Package version of the Chemical Brother's album &quot;Come with Us&quot; is exactly that, a limited edition package.<br />It contains no extra tracks.  It is simply a cardboard tri-foldout sleeve with the same CD that comes in the standard plastic jewel case version (plus some paper dust).  The panels of the tri-foldout contains a psychedlic painting in the new style of the artwork portrayed in the new CD singles (&quot;It Began in Afrika&quot; and &quot;Star Guitar&quot;), and a photo of a two people walking inside what appears to be a tunnel of water.<br />The Limited Edition Package version of &quot;Come With Us&quot; is a waste of money.  Instead, use that money to buy the standard version of &quot;Come With Us&quot; and either of the currently available CD singles from this album instead.<br />Regarding the contents of the album itself, &quot;It Began in Afrika&quot; is the strongest track.  The last third of the album I found dissapointing.  The rest of the album of is definately worthy of at least one listen.  However, &quot;Dig Your Own Hole&quot; is still the Chemical Brother's apex.
0553278223|4.0|This is not quite my favorite collection by Ray Bradbury, but it would have to be pretty darn close.  Bradbury has a way of writing to keep the reader interested.  His plots are simple, yet intriguing; uncontroversial, yet explosive; quiet, yet powerful.  He puts into this book what should go into every book.  He wrote the book as if the events had actually happened and that is why I respect this collection so much.  Even the short stories are powerful when read along witht the other stories.  Long live the master!
B000002HPT|4.0|I guess most people were expecting another \\"Awake\\" but DT really surprised me with this cd.  At first I didn't care for it too much, and I still think Kevin Shirley stripped the balls out of JP's guitar tone, but after some years the disc has found a place nicely outside the typical DT box and I appreciate it for that.  It continues to grow on me.  Listen to \\"Hell's Kitchen\\", a marvelous instrumental.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I am a classically trained musician who used to be an avid devotee of rock music. However, after being exposed to piles upon piles of the cookie-cutter [stuff]that has often been heard on the Top 40 stations in the recent past, I have given up entirely on popular music and turned all my attentions to forms such as opera, orchestral, and contemporary \\"classical\\" music. However, Upon the release of Radiohead's landmark \\"OK Computer\\" album, I started to pay some more attention to what was coming through the chute on the other end of the spectrum. Occasionally, I would come across innovative and quite possibly very talented bands such as Cake, Eels, and most prominently, Radiohead.<br />After devoting so much time to much more complex forms of music, I have learned to appreciate certain rock bands a lot more. Radiohead has not ceased to amaze me since the release of \\"OK Computer\\" and although \\"Amnesiac\\" is not quite as good (in my opinion) as \\"OK Computer\\" (which is hard to top), it is still worth every penny. <br />Radiohead, unlike many other bands, does not stick to conventions, or what the listener \\"wants\\" to hear. Their slightly disturbing lyrics and melodies are enough to put off a lot of listeners, but their unmistakable style is enough to gain a rabid following of devotees. On \\"Amnesiac\\" there is no shortage of good ideas and overall good music to support them. Take \\"Pyramid Song\\", for example. This song is marked with untraditional chord progressions and ostinatos that are unheard of in a lot of rock music. This is the stuff that makes lasting music. <br />Even if a lot of listeners don't care for the style that Radiohead is pioneering, they ought to [think about it] because a redundant art is a dead art. In 50 years, few people will remember the music (if not the appearance) of Britney Spears, but Radiohead will likely go down in history.
B000000W9Z|5.0|This album was a stunner.  Dave takes off the kid gloves and unleashes this masterpiece of a concept album.  Listening to this disc often makes me think of the film &quot;Blade Runner&quot;, very mysterious, dark, haunting stuff.  Most critics missed the boat on this one.  Just trust me.  Why do you think he toured with NIN?  In fact, this disc shows how dull Trent and his gang really are...essential.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Labyrinth is a great movie and one of the best things that Jim Henson produced with his puppets and great special effects. Bowie is great as ever. This is a great film for one and all and if you pay attention your likley to see more than you bargined for in this perfect film.
B000002JKA|5.0|No filler, nothing weak, no time to catch your breath. This is probably my favorite cd of the last decade. Amazing stuff. Listen to \\"Scarred\\" and tell me it doesn't speak to you powerfully. I hold Images & Words in the same regard as this disc, but this would probably be the one I would recommend if you only get one DT album. <br />The lyrics here are just as good as Images & Words.  The band also maintains their frenetic instrumental portions of songs and turns everything up a notch volume-wise.  The tone of John Petrucci's guitar during 'Space-Dye Vest' is among the most amazing sounds I've ever heard.  The sheer power of 'Voices' is undeniable.  Lighter tracks like 'Silent Man' and 'Lifting Shadows...' help break up the crushing sounds of the majority of the disc.  DT brought progressive rock back to the mainstream and this is one of their crowning achievements. <br />Absolutely essential.
B00005N7Z1|5.0|If I had to pick a favorite movie, one that stands out above the rest, this would be that film.  There is so much to like about this movie, corporate greed, Villians you despise yet in a way have some sympathy for, and a super hero who kicks ...  There is no doubt about it this movie is awsome.<br />Peter Weller stars as Murphey, a cop who on the first day on the job on his new assignment on the east side of detroit is gunned down while in the line of duty.  Meanwhile the Corporation OCP is having trouble with their prototype law enforcer ED209, one of the suits springs this new idea to the boss about the Robocop program, and murphey who is slain is the subject to this test.  The end result is a part man, part machine, all cop character that is without a doubt one of the best around.  In the end the movie is full of action, and an all out great story.<br />There is one problem with this DVD, THERE ARE NO ... SPECIAL FEATURES!!<br />Sorry, like I said they really went cheap on this movie when it comes to special features, we only get the theatrical trailor for this movie (which is equally awsome even if they don't use the Robocop theme music) and the trailors for Carrie and the Terminator.<br />Other than that buy this for the movie itself.
B000002G0P|5.0|I HATED Extreme before I heard this record, and I did not care too much for the album after it.  Over the last ten years I have realized how extraordinary this cd is.  It is absolutely solid-no filler.  The cassette version contains one song excised from the disc because of time constraints.  That song \\"Don't Leave Me Alone\\" is really good too.  There is a lot of powerful music on this disc-from hard rock like Peacemaker Die to orchestral work such as Who Cares?  Never gets old.  Essential.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I bought this cd on a whim and do not regret it one bit!
B000002JPA|5.0|I'll never forget hearing this disc for the first time as a college student.  It was an epiphany.  Gorgeous, bizarre arrangements, heartfelt vocals, and instrumental chops like I had never heard before.  It's all been said before, but this is DT's best disc IMO.  Only Awake and Metropolis 2 come close.  Essential.
B000001YOW|5.0|Porcupine Tree's first album as a rock band (rather than a guy with a guitar sitting at synth and drum machines with occasional guest instrumentalists) is also an attempt to shake off the progressive rock and Pink Floyd imitation label people had been tagging onto Steve Wilson's work since the success of his album \\"The Sky Moves Sideways.\\" It succeeds - but this doesn't mean the album is any less experimental and weird than his previous music. Filled with soothing but sometimes creepy ambient passages, dynamic instrumental performances and some very depressing lyrics, this album points ahead to Porcupine Tree's eventually even more streamlined style. Their latest two albums (Stupid Dream and Lightbulb Sun) are better, but you should get this one if you liked those two. High points: Signify, The Sleep of No Dreaming, Every Home is Wired (pointing ahead to PT's great vocal harmonies), Dark Matter (still one of my favorite PT songs).
B000000WCX|4.0|I saw DB on this tour and it was awesome.  What a show!  The disc is great-better the louder you play it.  Still not quite his best 90's material as the last song is a stinker, but extremely catchy, fun stuff.  Highly recommended.
B00005UEAR|5.0|With each passing album, Dream Theater seems to get more and more ambitious.  Scenes from a Memory, their last effort, was a masterpiece of a concept album, showing a real evolution in their style and songwriting skills while showcasing their ever amazing instrumental skills.  With Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, Dream Theater delivers a double whammy - a disc that is a 54 minute, five track &quot;traditional&quot; album (in that the tracks are unrelated) and a second disc that is another concept album all in itself, a forty-two minute suite consisting of eight related tracks.  &quot;Six Degrees,&quot; the album, is masterfully excessive; what other band can deliver an album consisting of 96 minutes of music that seems far too short?  <br />The opener &quot;The Glass Prison&quot; is a speed metal epic (14 minutes) that affirms the rumors that this album is definitely more guitar-driven than their previous efforts (DT is famously keyboard heavy, but keyboards take a definite backseat to Petrucci's crunchy distortion this time around).  Blind Faith is another long track that seems short, and is a bit more radio-friendly sounding than the other songs on the album.  Misunderstood is a textbook lesson in mood progression (and it's a great song, as well); it starts out serenely beautiful and ends up frenetically dissonant - it follows the excellent lyrics perfectly.  They get political in The Great Debate, which gets a bit preachy at times but is worth it for the frantic apocalyptic metalfest that ensues.  Disappear is a softer, brooding closer to the first half of the album and also the shortest song, clocking in at only (!) 6:46.<br />Then comes the disc every DT fan has been waiting for - Dream Theater's first &quot;epic&quot; suite since A Change of Seasons, and one that's almost twice as long, too.  How does it compare?  Well, that's a mixed bag - this suite is much less coherently one song than eight songs with related themes strung together with transitions.  It'sbased on a familiar concept album concept (insanity) that has already been explored by another famous concept album (Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon), but the music is a ride - it passes through countless moods, frames of mind, time signature changes, tempo changes and virtuosity that fans have come to expect from an extended song by this band.  Homages are paid to many older bands in this piece, as influences from bands such as Pink Floyd, Yes and Rush are more apparent in this song than in any other DT song I can think of, but it all comes together to form a great magnum opus and a great addition to the Dream Theater set.<br />If you're a fan of progressive music, metal (less so) or any of Dream Theater's influences, you'll probably like this album.  It is a required addition to the Dream Theater fan's collection, as it is almost like buying two albums; each disc can function as a separate piece of work and each is superb in its own right.  Dream Theater will have a tough time living up to expectations next time around...
B000002HK4|4.0|The title track is all that really matters here anyway, I can take or leave the covers (which are all done well BTW).  The title track is a landmark piece of american music IMO, amazing in all of its different facets.  Recommended.
0440234743|4.0|The testament, a contemporary fiction novel by John Grisham, begins in the office of the world's 10th richest man, Troy Phelan.  Troy is an extremely wealthy entrepenuer neering the end of his life.  Troy is being pressed by his greedy heirs, including three wives and six children, to give all of the inheritence to the heirs.  Thinking that this was exactly what was going to happen, all the children and wives gather in a room with cameras and lawyers to evaluate Troy and allow him to sign his last will that would split all of Troy's 11 billion dollars evenly among each of the heirs.  As Troy undergoes a scrutinous evaluation by three lawyers, no one can keep their attention on anything but the 80 page will that sits beside Troy's arm.  The evaluation is over in less than an hour and everyone in the room watches as troy signs his last will.  Everything seems perfect for the children and wives.  Each of them would become instant millionares... only as soon as Troy was gone.  When everone in the room leaves besides Troy's faithful but greedy butler, and two of Troy's trusted lawyers, the unexpected happens.  From his pocket Troy pulls two pieces of folded yellow paper.  Staring into the camera, Troy reads his REAL final last will.  After he completes this, Troy walks to the nearest window and plunges fourteen stories to his death.  The heirs see Troy's lifeless body laying on the ground as they walk out.  Shock hits them immediately, but is comforted by the fact that they are now millionares and Troy's death only sped up the process.  Unbeknownst to the heirs, Troy's most trusted lawyer Stafford is still upstairs, and though shocked by Troy's death, is even more shocked by what his last will and testament read.  <BR>\\"To Miss Rachel Lane I give all of my estate, she is a missionary somewhere in the Pantanal in Brazil.  And to my wives and granchildren - nothing.  They have already been adequatly provided for.\\"<BR>The book goes on as Stafford appoints a fellow lawyer colleuge to find Rachel Lane and inform her that she is now the 10th richest woman in the world.  Through trials and conflifts of all sort, the lawyer finds Rachel Lane, only to learn that she is not interested in the money.  The heirs all contest the will and angrily attempt to regain whatever they can of Troy's money that should have been theirs. With nothing to stand on but an insanity accusation that would render Troy's will invalid, the heirs battle for Rachel's money. Ultimately they only gain a small portion of his inheritance, less than they ever thought they'd be given.
B00001OH7U|5.0|I love this disc-especially the killer title track.  Essential.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|This album is a beautiful reflection of Dylan's many albums.<BR>It  is wonderful.
0446677450|5.0|Many truly groundbreaking books will always solicit major arguments on one side or the other, since the books introduce a new way of thinking. Many people will be unhappy with the concepts, since they cause them to move away from their accepted view of the world.<br />Such is this book. Many of the reviews you might read ...will suggest this book is mere real estate quackery, but it is anything but that: it is a way for most of us to gain a basic understanding of the techniques that have been successfully used by the wealthy to accumulate wealth.<br />There will, of course, be those people who think that if you accumulate wealth that it's somehow evil...that only poor people are to be trusted. That, of course, is insanity. Look at all the immense good that has been done by the wealthy engaged in great causes. Any book such as this one that helps people get over the hump into looking at life as more than just \\"paycheck to paycheck\\" has to be considered useful. This one is a book that you want to sit down and read with a highlighter in your hand, to mark the material you wish to refer back to later.
B00003CY0V|4.0|You have to able to take a movie like this for what it's worth.  Do not prepare to see this by shutting off the ringer, and closing the blinds, etc...  DO however invite a bunch of friends over, get some popcorn, yell at each other to stop talking (but not actually do it), and just have a blast.<BR>Swordfish has actors, scenes, effects, and situations that are simply \\"cool\\"!  There are scenes that soley exist to have something blow up.  There are scenes that were written just to see Halle Berry topless. There are no awards to give out.  No pretentious artsy refrences.  Just a kick-butt, popcorn, heart accelerating 'flick'!  Take it for that and everyone will have a great time!~
014118213X|5.0|Howards End is a realistic picture of Edwardian England, blemishes and all. Forster successfully depicted the environment of his society few authors could. Forster raises moral questions about what the upper class' social and economic responsibilities are to the lower classes. The method of showing opposing viewpoints (help the less fortunate vs. leave them be) between the Schlegel and the Wilcox families works well. He also questions the double standard at that time in England for infidelity. The upper class males were faultless in affairs, while the lower class females were scarred negatively for life. For the males, the affair was the satisfaction of desires and meant parting of some money. For females, the affairs were a way of life, nothing more, and they couldn't even improve their station in society. They were marked as prostitutes, while Mr. Wilcox actually suffered no real personal damage, other than a deservedly begrudging wife for the short term. <br />I can't help but ask how much has society really changed? The book is still relevant today, not only that, it's a good read. The dialogue is even realistic and touching. Forster's prose flows smoothly, and the reader immediately starts to appreciate it after a few pages. Human nature, snobbery, the struggle of the classes, and family affairs really haven't changed that much since 1910. Forster clearly didn't know what to do about these problems anymore than we do today. Asking his country to face their problems, rather than ignore them, which was what was being done, was a start.
0395193958|5.0|The best work since Homer bar none.
6305232660|3.0|When I realized the plot of Deep Impact, another movie that came to my mind was Armageddon.The plots of these two movies are so alike that I would have thought one copied the other...However, I prefer Deep Impact; Armageddon has the authorities sending up a team of last-minute-trained oil-drillers as astronauts, to drill a hole deep into the asteroid and plant a nuclear bomb inside. I found that so unconvincing and unlikely. In Deep Impact, a proper team of astronauts was sent up, in a spaceship appropriately named \\"Messiah\\" to save the world from a comet heading for earth.<br />Then there was the selection of people who can take refuge in the \\"Ark\\" caves in Missouri for 2 years while the rest of humanity is left to face the destruction by the comet. The selection process may be a necessary one as not all people can go into the caves, but that is a scary reminder of how people decide who deserves to be saved or left to die in the event of a crisis where not all can live...<br />I have enjoyed watching both, in spite of some flaws highlighted by reviewers.
B00005R87Q|4.0|At first I was a bit hesitant to watch this movie. I tought it would be the exactly like GONE IN 60 SECONDS. Well, I was wrong. Yes, THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS does revolve around fast cars and racing but there's also plot. The basic storyline is: Brian (played by Paul Walker) is a race car driver (with a secret) and he gets involved with the wrong people. He ends up becoming really good friends with one of the &quot;race car guys&quot; while getting involved with his sister. Anyway a lot is revealed as the movie progresses. THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS is an action packed adrenalin rush. The way they filmed the races were awesome. The acting was well done. The underlining story shows a man caught in middle... choosing what he thinks is right. THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS is worth the ride.
6304666799|4.0|this is a great production of Swan Lake! the reason that attracts your attention is the fact that the story line has been changed (from the classic myth of the swan and the prince), and the fact that the swans are male swans instead of the ladies in tutus' we've been used to! the second act (where the swans dance) is a unique choreography! i honestly must say that i'm facinated! the dancers move as gently as you would expect swans to move, yet rretaining their masculinity.. Adam Cooper, in th role of the male swan, is fantastic! the only problem is the story line, and maybe acts 1,3,4 aren't as good as act 2... but still it's more than worth it to own this tape! the second act is something no one should miss!
B00005U11Z|5.0|Journey 2001 &amp; beyond...Journey as a band and as a musical entity have a lot of life left, all you need to do is watch the first few moments of this DVD and you will feel the raw energy and power that only comes with a great rock band live! What are you waiting for?? Buy this DVD, it is the next best thing to being at a live Journey show and it just happens to be one of the best live performances I have seen.
B000002TYK|5.0|Considering this was the foo fighters first album, there were a lot of expectations. THe band pulls of its first album really well and tried to do what they wanted to do seeming not to care much about other's people expectations. This is just a really good rock album anyway you look at it.
630438551X|4.0|This movie may not be the best film in the world but most of you are totally missing the point.  Like the character Mercutio was NOT a drag Queen or Tranvestite!!  He dressed as a woman for a joke! And I think it fitted the mercutio character he was funny and the best character in the play, in zeferilli's and this movie as well.  I also thought the lines were delivered very well, except Claire Danes, she made some mistakes and you can tell she was having problems.  Leo wouldn't have been my pick as Romeo but he did alright, stop being so traditional and watch with an open mind.
B00005JKQX|4.0|I'm not going to say that A Beautiful Mind is one of the best movies I have ever seen - because it's not. My tastes run toward quirky films by Joel and Ethan Coen (see my other reviews). But if you're considering seeing this movie, I'm here to tell you that it's not a waste of a movie ticket. Even at evening prices.<br />A Beautiful Mind is a very well-done (and mostly true) biopic of John Nash, a brilliant mathematician with a penchant for cracking complicated codes. An economic theory he developed while in graduate school earned him a large amount of notoriety - and a job teaching at MIT. Unfortunately, as his high-prestige job progresses, John spirals into a vicious case of schizophrenia with delusions, making it hard for his wife (Jennifer Connelly) and son to live with him.<br />Russell Crowe, who up until this point I'd written off as a pretty boy, does some really fine acting in this movie. Character actress Jennifer Connelly, who hasn't had a lead role in a major motion picture for some years, also does well as John's long-suffering former student and wife. Ed Harris, who's good in just about anything he does, also has a secondary role. The movie moves a little slow at first, outlining John's early days as a slightly odd pure mathematics student, but gets exciting soon after that. Don't give up on it!<br />The scenes where John's mental illness sends him out of control were a little difficult for me to watch (insulin shock therapy, being chained to the bed, etc.). However, they are an essential part of the movie and I'm glad they were left in.  <br />The movie is fairly suitable for family viewing, with light to moderate cursing and a few risque situations thrown in (Crowe's character tends to be very blunt about his desires for Connelly, simply because he doesn't know how to be any other way). Overall, one of the best big-budget movies this year. Don't miss it.
0553801481|5.0|Robin Hobb (Megan Lindholm) is one of my favorite authors. I love reading the details in Hobb's works, but have gotten frustrated at some endings, or lack thereof. Previous mid-trilogy books were often cliffhangers, obliging me to wait 18 months for what was the next day in the story. <br />While I am eager to read the next book, apparently done (Hobb is already at work on the third), I am not left wondering if Fitz will live to see tomorrow. The groundwork has been laid for possible threads of future conflict, but the focal plot/action point of this volume, a search and rescue mission, has been concluded. A year could pass between books without [disrupting]the timeline.<br />We revisit Fitz, the youthful protagonist of the Farseer series, as a 30-something man, now a father-figure and mentor himself. He watches the younger generation make all the same mistakes he made, but without the passionate regret of a 20 year old looking back on his teens. He plays many of the roles he so resented in his youth, and appreciates that the world is shades of gray, not the black and white view of his charges. <br />Avid Hobb fans will quickly pick up that this new trilogy continues both previous trilogies, although the references continue to be oblique and could still just be coincidence. <br />Familiarity with the Liveship series is unnecessary to enjoying this volume of the new trilogy, although it does add a richness to the details of the story.
B00003CXRM|5.0|If you're as big a Coen fan as I am, then you will definitely not want to miss this movie. Joel and Ethan have really outdone themselves this time. Loosely based on Homer's Odyssey, O Brother, Where Art Thou? retains most of the Coens' signature quirkiness, while introducing a few fresh faces to their ragtag bunch (George Clooney and Tim Blake Nelson). But fear not, lifelong fans - the film also contains our much-loved actors John Goodman, John Turturro, Holly Hunter and Charles Durning (who we last saw confined to a wheelchair in The Big Lebowski).<br />Set in 1930s rural Mississippi, the movie opens with Clooney, Nelson and Turturro escaping from a chain gang to seek their fortune. The action (and laughs) begin right away, with the boys trying to hop a freight train while still chained together - and it only gets funnier from there. From sirens to sheriffs, the boys go through heaven and hell...but they sure have a great time doing it.<br />As I said before, anyone who is a Coen fan needs to see this movie. However, those whose movie tastes run toward big-budget blockbusters in the tradition of Titanic will probably not enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou? as much. Still, no matter who you are, the movie is a pretty entertaining way to spend a couple of hours. Do yourself a favor and go rent this movie. Odds are, you'll be back here buying it before too long.
B00003CX5P|1.0|When seeing the film in a theatre, I guess I was overwhelmed by the hype and brouhaha. Possibly, the thundering sound system and pretty lights on the big screen dazzled med. Walking out of the theatre, I felt numb, and somewhat dissapointed. But still, I accepted &quot;Episode One&quot; as a reasonably bad sequel.<br />But watching it again on DVD made me reconcider. This is a horrible film, barely watchable, and the anti-thesis of all that is good filmmaking.<br />The poor actors stumble across their flat bluescreens, fighting imaginary monsters while things blow up. The feeiling of fakeness is pervasive. Everything is flat, digital and aimed to please a 9-year old audience. Star Wars is entertaining for about two hours, after that, it leaves you feeling hollow. There is nothing to digest here. Seeing it more than once is almost impossible - I had to take breaks from this sloppy mush!<br />And those extra 6 hours of special features don't really help.<br />The worst thing about Episode 1 is propably that it forces us, the grown fans of the original films, to realise that the original trilogi wasn't really all that good, either...
B00003CXQX|5.0|This short but funny Disney film slipped through the cracks in 2000, but anyone who's a fan of Tex Avery or Chuck Jones must see this work.  For the first (and possibly last?) time, Disney leaves behind its gentle style of humor and its cloying musicals for a trip to a zany world where the hero is not all that nice, where the villain's henchman steals the show by being just plain goofy, and where slapstick rules the day.  Great voice work all around, from the usually dim David Spade to the always funny Patrick Warburton, make this film that much better.  And dig the theme, written by Sting and sung by Tom Jones.
6305003882|5.0|Based on a true story on the life of the early gritty world of Poet and Author:Jim Carroll (Leonardo DiCaprio), a Catholic-School basketball players, who draws himself on the World of Drug Addiction, it`s becomes Nightmarish until he finds Redemption.<br />Directed by Scott Kalvert (Deuces Wild) made a strong believable film with Terrific Performances from the Cast, Including-Lorraine Bracco, Mark Wahlberg, Ernie Hudson, Bruno Kirby, Patrick McGaw and James Madio. This film was a Box Office Flop but it gained a Cult Success on Video. Grade:A.
B000002MFN|5.0|its by far the best of all the maddonas album after like a virgin.<BR>it has the best songs invcluding my favourite deeper and deeper and bad girl and the chart topper erotica.<BR>it is one of maddonnas famous albums not to mention this version is a bit rare (explicit)<BR>hope the review helped :)
B00000J2KR|4.0|An Eighteenth-Century Rogue named Barry Lyndon (Ryan O`Neal in a fine role) tries his best between fighting in the Battlefields of War and Parlors in Eupore going though Seduction, Gambling, Dueling and having a family of his own, in the life and times of Lyndon.<br />Directed by Stanley Kubrick (The Shining, Full Metal Jacket, Eyes Wide Shut) is a well made film but it`s a Flawed (at times too long) Masterpiece. The Film is Winner of Four Adacemy Awards-Including:Best Art Direction-Set Direction, Best Cineamtography, Best Costume Design and Best Score. The Film was also Nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director and Best Picture all by Stanley Kybrick. The Best Thing about this Film is the exquisitely lush cinematography by John Alcott (Terror Train). Based on the Novel by William Makepeace Thackeray. DVD`s has an clean non-anamorphic Widescreen (1.66:1) transfer and an OK Dolby Digital 1.0 Mono Sound. Die-Hard fans of Kubrick will love this one. Grade:B+.
B00005OCMR|4.0|As soon as the ads appeared on TV, I wanted to get this DVD, since I saw the movie in a theater and on TV a few times. The DVD is standard issue, but there's no information booklet, just a single page index. Other DVDs I have are more detalled in the booklet information. Watching the movie was a \\"blast in the past\\", and I really enjoyed it. I decided to watch for details, such as the Data General Eclipse and the Cray computers that the main characters pass by on the way to the laser lab. <br />I did find one visual surprise. About 45 minutes into the movie, watch Sark's display panel on the upper right. It has a \\"Pac-Man\\" figure! The second visual surprise that there is some classical Disney animation in the movie, too. About one hour and 14 minutes, watch as the camera swings down from Sark's carrier over the plain to the ground. The animation is short, but I can only describe it as a bunch of green computer insects, and it lasts about 15 seconds. <br />I also discovered that the character known as Crom (Compound Interest Program), Flynn's first adversary in the games and the first to \\"die\\", is played by Peter Jurasik, who later acted (as Londo Mollinari) with Bruce Boxleitner in the Babylon 5 series.<br />The Supplementary Material Disc is well made with a lot of \\"stuff\\". I spend over two hours (more than the movie itself) looking thru it all. My favorite was the deleted love scenes which were wonderfull, but the director was correct in not adding it to the movie, because it seems better that Flynn brings love to the computer arena as a human, instead of the programs making it out off-camera. My only complaints were that some of the picture galleries (Storyboarding, Design, Publicity) gave me trouble when I tried to exit to the menu.<br />Due to the lack of a booklet, and the menu exit problems, I only give it four stars, but the DVD is really worth the price.
B00004STUL|4.0|Two Miami Detectives (Martin Lawrence & Will Smith) are to investigate missing large quantity of Drugs from a Police-Evidence Room, stolen by a European Thief (Tchery Karyo). When the Thief killed a Call Girl, which one of the Detectives knows her, when a Key Witness (Tea Leoni) saw her friend died, the Two Cops have to protect her.<br />Directed by first time:Micheal Bay (The Rock, Armaggeddon, Pearl Harbor) made a sytlish action-comedy thriller. Lawrence and Smith are Well-Matched together in this. A Box Office Hit in 1995. A Comeback for Producers:Don Simpson (who died after Producing The Rock) and Jerry Bruckheimer. Familiar but it`s great fun filled with Comedy and Exciting Action Moments. Grade:B+.
B000059ZLH|4.0|I have watched this DVD a number of times now, and I like it better each time.  The concert footage is amazing (both the audio and the video).  The audio commentary by the band provides some really cool insight into what the band, the tour, and that show were all about.  The behind the scenes stuff was interesting, but unnecessary, in my opinion.  That's not why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5--I'm giving it four stars because I don't understand why they left off almost an hour worth of material.  Queensryche did the same thing on Live Evolution, and I just don't understand why in light of the fact that a DVD can easily hold that much material.
B00002E23V|3.0|When the final credits role on some movies, you become a different person. Other films may not change you, but they at least make you think. Most movies are neither of the above, are made for pure entertainment, and are garbage. However, some pure entertainment flicks aren't all that bad.  These are the mind candy films. DEEP BLUE SEA is such a film.<br />Like most suspense films, there is a lot of gore, some foul language, and a few useless scenes. Nevertheless, the plot is more believable than most suspense/action adventure films. However, none of that is important. There are three reasons to see DEEP BLUE SEA.<br />First, the sharks. JAWS is a far superior film. However, the sharks in that first blockbuster aren't all that real looking. In DEEP BLUE SEA, the sharks are more real and are anatomically correct.<br />Second, Samuel L. Jackson. His talent and prescence can make even the most worthless film somewhat watchable.<br />Finally, this is the first film of its type I have seen where the religious guy (Preacher) survives. Sure, Preacher has flaws; we all do. But his faith is real. Usually Hollywood kills off the religious person ASAP or makes them into a cowardly fool or unlikeable character that the audience wants to see killed. Not so in this film. It was nice to see something a little more positive for a change in this area.<br />Overall, not a bad film. It's a satisfying piece of mind candy.
B00003CY0V|3.0|Many people have viciously torn at Swordfish as if it was a poor flick, but if a person takes it as it was intended - a solid semi-psychological sexually-violent thriller, it works well.  For those of us who are both bright and like cool equipment and an ensnaring plot, however superficial in some ways, this film is both entertaining and impressive.<BR>Travolta is very believable as a man necessarily convincedthat he's bigger and better than anyone else simply because he believes.  Jackman again unloads a credible performance, and Berry is lovely as ever.  <BR>Overall credible, perhaps the largest hole in it is in one car chase:  racing like hell down a back alley they come out onto a busy street only seconds later at only 20 mph.  No no, either show them slowing down or hammer it through the traffic...<BR>So for the special effect thriller junkies out there, this one is both worth watching and owning, because in a few months you will want to see it again:  if you are into quality period pieces (Elizabeth, Amadeus), solid war documentaries (Blunders of WW2) or movies (Saving Private Ryan, Enemy at the Gate, Black Hawk Down), morality tales (Talented Mr. Ripley, Finding Forrester) or relationship stories (You Can Count on Me), for lighter fare that racks 'em up, check this one out...
B00005Q45W|5.0|I have never really heard a Leonard Cohen album before.  The closest I've gotten is a tribute album called &quot;Tower of Song,&quot; with covers by other admiring songwriters, such as Don Henley, Suzanne Vega, etc.  After listening to this album, I can assure you I'll be seeking out other albums by Cohen.  His lyrics cut to the bone, the music is moody, cool, and hypnotic.  This album, from the end of his career, is probably a strange way to access a carreer, but I'll be making a backwards trip through the rest of Cohen's music very soon, I can assure you.  This is one of the best albums of the year.
B00005QY5Y|3.0|Not quite as good as Heartbreaker, but then again, its difficult to follow up on such a great CD.  I've had this 2CD set since it first came out, and just got around to listening to the 2nd 5 track CD, now I wish I had done so earlier.  There's a great bluegrass style song a-la O'Brother Where Art Thou, love it!<br />As the Amazon review says, there are a few gems on the first CD, but you have to wade through some lackluster songs to get there.<br />On a totally different note, there are some strange things going on with this CD that I can't explain - first, the upside-down American flag on the cover, isn't this supposed to be an insult?  And on track 2 (Firecracker), there's some rather untimely lyrics given that this CD came out shortly after 9/11 - <br />So when does the plane go down<BR>'Cause I'm ride it till it hits the ground<BR>Then go out with a fight<br />Made even more strange by the fact this song appears right after \\"New York, New York\\"<br />Send this one to the X-Files.<BR>He also thanks Alanis Morisette 5 times in the liner notes, kind of a strange pair huh?<br />Anyway, the CD's worth getting, there's so much ... being sold these days, this deserves a listen
0792839730|4.0|If you're looking for one of those rare war movies that really emphasizes historical accuracy without sacrificing great action, this is it.  The movie is based on Cornelius Ryan's bestselling book by the same name, and recounts the ill-fated Allied efforts to capture the Arnhem bridge.  The phrase \\"all star cast\\" is a gross understatement.  Tons of great actors and acting in this flick.<br /><br />I personally enjoyed the account of the river assault at Nijmegen bridge led by Major Julian Cook (played by Robert Redford).  This and other scenes were riveting in their intensity and very satisfying to the historian in me for their attempt to portray the action as it occurred.<br /><br />I guess my only criticisms would be the length of the movie (which can't really be avoided if this story is to be told properly), and Gene Hackman's god-awful fake Polish accent (he played Sosabowski).  Overall, though, it's a very good movie and I recommend it highly for anyone who is historically interested in this battle, or who simply wants a few hours of solid entertainment.
B00005QDW1|4.0|No Doubt is one of the greatest groups in music today.  They are a creative band with a unique sound and it really shows on their new album.  My favorite tracks consist of...<br />Hella Good-Track # 2-This track has a really cool dance beat that is heavy and prominate.  The lyrics fit really well with the sound and it's a song that everyone could get up and dance to.  <br />Platinum Blonde Life-Track # 11-This song was really one of the only songs that didn't try something new.  You could tell that this song helped No Doubt stay true to their roots because guitar and bass and prominent in this song.  It doesn't sound dance or techno and it is probably my favorite songs on the whole cd.  <br />Waiting Room-Track #12-This track was very unique and very different.  It's a fresh new track that was helped produced by Prince.  It has dance beats, areas of rock influence, and is all-in-all a very good song to listen to.<br />This album demonstrated just how much No Doubt has grown over the few years since their last album, Return of Saturn.  The album is more mellow but just as good.  I recommend this cd to anyone who wants to chill with some great music in their cd player.  Don'tpick up this album with anticipation of it sounding like their previous works, but I can tell you one thing--I think you'll be pleasently surprised by what you hear...
B00005UW7V|5.0|This movie is just FANTASTIC. I love it.<BR>Since I watched it, I can't stop thinking about this wonderful movie. This is just great. you should watch this movie. NOW!!!
B00005TT77|3.0|I received an e-mail regarding Eddie Vedder's rendition of &quot;You've got to hide your love away&quot; and I was hooked, what a fantastic job he did. So, I ran right out and purchased this album. There are many songs on this album that are my favorite. Sarah McClachlan does a phenominal rendition of &quot;Blackbird&quot; and well, Eddie Vedder is fantastic!<BR>Sterophonics didn't do too bad with their version of &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; but the last 4 songs on the album....please, they totally ruined these songs. &quot;Revolution&quot; is suppose to make you hyper NOT put you to sleep. Where is the emotion in &quot;Let it Be&quot;? I have never heard a monotone song until now. I don't recall John Lennon being nasally on &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;. &quot;Help&quot; desperately needed help. If you can't sing the songs the way they were meant to be sang, don't try. Pick a country song.<br />I grew up listening to the Beatles and love them very much. If I had to do it again, I would have listened to all of it before I purchased it.
0385505833|4.0|This book is not what you would expect from Grisham, but it's still pretty good, lite reading. I enjoyed it very much, and found myself laughing out loud. It's great that Grisham can explore with the different genres and still be this entertaining. I recommend this book as easy reading while you are on vacation, or before bed time reading.
B00005UEAR|5.0|The did it again!<br />I bougth it on saturday, I was not the only one with the new DT in hand in the store. That night I listened to disc one and it amazed me. Great songs, superb production, and what else can I say about the musicanship of the great five.<br />Yesterday I listened to disc two. That was what knocked me out. I love progressive rock more than heavy metal (PG Genesis, Jethro Tull, Floyd, Gentle Giant, Spock's Beard, Flower Kings...) and this is what disc two is: a masterpiece of XXI century progressive rock. I'm not very good whith my english, so I'm just going to say that, if you like metal, buy this album; if you like progreesive rock, buy this album. If you like Bach, buy this album. If you like MUSIC, buy this album.<br />And I love to be the first person to review this album. This is the good thing about waking up in Spain!
B000003CMC|4.0|If you own the two-disc Fillmore East set, much of this album will be redundant for you. It borrows liberally from Fillmore: ``One Way Out&quot;, ``Trouble No More&quot;, and the interminable ``Mountain Jam&quot;. The remaining tracks on ``Eat A Peach&quot; are almost uniformly classics: ``Ain't Wastin' Time No More&quot;, ``Melissa&quot;, ``Stand Back&quot;, ``Blue Sky&quot; and ``Little Martha&quot;. For those tracks alone, this disc is worth buying.
B00003CXXJ|4.0|This movie is funny and clever.  It is highly entertaining for children and adults.  Some parents may find this movie inappropriate for very young children, as there is some bad language.  But that is an individual matter. <br />The dvd has extra features.  The most entertaining of these are the technical goofs-errors in the cgi process-and the Srek's Swamp Karaoke scene.  The latter is a collection of the characters singing different songs.  All in all, this is a good dvd.
0375701427|4.0|_American Pastoral_ is the story of a man named Swede Levov, and how his life has mirrored the torments that ruptured his nation in the Sixties: the war, the assassinations, and his nation's ``loss of innocence.\\" Before the war, he was a town hero; afterwards, he is a rotted-out husk of a man. Along the way, his daughter has bombed a local post office and killed a citizen of their small town, and afterwards she's converted to Jainism and renounced harm against all living things. Swede tries valiantly to keep his life together, but we get the feeling that he hasn't done it so well by the time he dies (toward the beginning of the book).<br />_American Pastoral_'s narrator, Nathan Zuckerman, revered Levov as they were growing up. Swede was an athletic superstar who in some way embodied the progressive spirit of the times. More importantly (in the context of the book), he embodied that sort of spirit for Zuckerman. The years pass. Zuckerman becomes a writer while Levov takes over his father's glove-manufacturing business. Both are successful in their own ways. Some 40 years after graduating from high school, Levov calls Zuckerman out of the blue and takes him out to lunch. They converse briefly. Levov seems heartbroken, and all Zuckerman's voyeuristic interviewing doesn't reveal why. They leave lunch, and some months later Levov dies.<br />Zuckerman first suspects the usual suspects to explain Levov's torment - that Levov's brother is gay, for instance. None turn out to be right, and Zuckerman finally learns about Levov's daughter's crimes. He spends the rest of the book trying to explain Levov's life: How has he spent the last 40 years of his seemingly idyllic life? How has he descended from hometown hero to the man we see before us?<br />As far as I can tell, the latter 3/4 of the book is fictional, even within the world of the book. Zuckerman is trying to reconstruct what the world must have been like for Levov, because he has no clue what actually happened within it. That Zuckerman's description of Levov's life *must*, in fact, be told fictionally, is revealed by this passage early in the book:<br />``You get [people] wrong before you meet them, while you're anticipating meeting them; you get them wrong while you're with them; and then you go home to tell somebody else about the meeting and you get them wrong all over again. Since the same generally goes for them with you, the whole thing is really a dazzling illusion empty of all perception, an astonishing farce of misperception. And yet what are we to do about this terribly significant business of *other people*, which gets bled of the significance we think it has and takes on instead a significance that is ludicrous, so ill-equipped are we all to envision one another's interior workings and invisible aims?\\"<br />Yet Zuckerman tries to describe Levov. In so doing, he's really describing himself. This is a book about one man's worship of another man, and what the latter man's demise has to do with the American condition generally. What happens when our heroes disappear? What does it mean that we construct gods out of men, and how does it affect us when they fall?. That Zuckerman's description of Levov's life *must*, in fact, be told fictionally, is revealed by this passage early in the book:<br />``You get [people] wrong before you meet them, while you're anticipating meeting them; you get them wrong while you're with them; and then you go home to tell somebody else about the meeting and you get them wrong all over again. Since the same generally goes for them with you, the whole thing is really a dazzling illusion empty of all perception, an astonishing farce of misperception. And yet what are we to do about this terribly significant business of *other people*, which gets bled of the significance we think it has and takes on instead a significance that is ludicrous, so ill-equipped are we all to envision one another's interior workings and invisible aims?\\"<br />Yet Zuckerman tries to describe Levov. In so doing, he's really describing himself. This is a book about one man's worship of another man, and what the latter man's demise has to do with the American condition generally. What happens when our heroes disappear? What does it mean that we construct gods out of men, and how does it affect us when they fall?
B00000JMOF|5.0|Universal Studios made its indelible mark in Hollywood due to its famous mastering of the Horror movie.  In 1931 Universals &quot;Frankenstein&quot; changed the film world forever.  Even today it remains a very basic classic horror movie.  The American Film Institute (AFI) voted it into the top 100 films in the first 100 years of film (1998).<br />Universal gathered the movie genius' and embarked on adapting Mary Shelly's novel to the screen.  James Whale was chosen as the director and the make-up master Jack Pierce to create the giant Frankenstein Monster (played by Boris Karloff). <br />NOTE: The movie actually had a opening caution film introduction because of its 1931 unspeakable subject matter.  People were genuinely scared, horrified but curious to see this film.<br />Summary: The mad Dr. Frankenstein (Colin Clive) &amp; his hunchback Assistant Fritz (Dwight Frye) are robbing graves for bodys to construct a man to bring back to life.  The Dr. still needs a brain to fullfill his inventory.  Fritz steals a brain from the local medical school.  Unfortunately the only one available is an abnormal one.  The Dr. creates his monster being with the abnormal brain unknowingly.  Through lightning storms, electrical shocks and unbelievable special effects brings the Monster to life!  Now the horror is unleashed.  <br />This is the first in Universal Studio's &quot;Classic Monster Collection&quot; DVD Series.  This collection is the very best of their horror movies completely digitally remastered and uncensored.  With lots of special features, photos and narratives.  A must have DVD collection of classic Hollywood horror films.
0393316041|5.0|The funny thing about this book was that I bought my very first copy on a trip to China when I was about eleven.  I don't know how many times I've restarted the book since then, but I never finished it until now.<br />This book is a semi-autobiography of a very famous physicist by the name of Richard P. Feynman (RPF).  I say it's a semi-autobiography because Ralph Leighton compiled and chronologically ordered several stories told to him by RPF.  And I say he's famous because he was a Nobel laureate and named one of Time Magazine's Most Influential People of the last century.<br />Anyway, RPF is as interesting a character as you'll ever hear about in the scientific community.  He looked to science to explain things around him even from a very young age (you'll learn more about his father's influence on him in the second book).  His father always taught him to question things that don't make logical sense.  He was an analytical person.  <br />Yet behind his intellectual prowess lies his desire to live life and have fun.  In this book, he recounts his fear of being called a sissy when he was young, his attempts at hitting on girls, cracking safes, doing magic tricks, learning how to draw and paint, playing in a samba band, etc.  Throughout the book, he talks about his motivation in doing such things.  He's not out to impress or tell a tall tale that's impossible.  In fact, he's quite down to earth and very frank.  He speaks what's on his mind.<br />Richard P. Feynman has led a very colorful life.<br />If ever there were a non-fiction book that's fun to read and even humorous at times, this would have to be it!<br />(* NB: There is a follow up book called \\"What Do You Care What Other People Think\\".  Also a collection of short anecdotes told by RPF to Ralph Leighton.  This \\"sequel\\" is a looser set of stories that don't chronologically fit together (oh, and there are also some pictures in the middle of this book).
B000002AGN|5.0|\\"Time Out\\" is by far my favorite jazz album of all time.  I never get tired of hearing it.  It would definitely make my list of desert island discs.  I also dig the painting which serves as the album cover.  The superb pianist Dave Brubeck is the nominal leader of the group, frantically kicking off the opening classic track \\"Blue Rondo A La Turk.\\"  Drummer Joe Morello amazingly keeps perfect time during all of the tempo shifts.  He particularly shines on the appropriately named tune \\"Pick Up Sticks.\\"  Saxophonist Paul Desmond takes center stage on the most famous track of all, \\"Take Five.\\"  This song has rightfully taken its place among the greatest instrumentals of all time.  Rounding out the quartet, Eugene Wright's bass deftly anchors the beat on the melodic \\"Kathy's Waltz.\\"  The song \\"Everybody's Jumpin'\\" would be right at home on an album of sophisticated swing music.  I'm no jazz expert who can expound on exotic time signatures, but I know what I like.  I love \\"Time Out\\" by the Dave Brubeck Quartet!
B00005TT77|4.0|This is one of the best albums of Beatle cover versions I have ever heard, but several of the songs on the album are also the worst I've ever heard. The gems make up for the failures, however. I have never heard a better version of 'Across the Universe', outside of the Beatles original, than the version by the very-talented Rufus Wainwright. Eddie Vedder sings a soulful and unforgettable version of 'You've Got to Hide Your Love Away'. Ben Harper's cover of 'Strawberry Fields Forever' is absolutely beautiful. The husband and wife team of Aimee Mann and Michael Penn bring a fresh charm to 'Two of Us'. Ben Folds' 'Golden Slumbers' is memorable, and Sarah McLachlan is a fine choice for 'Blackbird'.<br />The first three quarters of this album are fantastic, but there are three versions I find downright unlistenable. Chocolate Genius completely destroys the soul and spirit of 'Julia'. And, although John Lennon originally wanted 'Revolution' to be a slow song, the version by Grandaddy completely misses the point. Nick Cave's version of Let It Be, which finishes off the album, completely spoils the song.<br />Every other song on the album is either very good or pretty close to a gem. I choose to skip the three songs I couldn't bear to listen to, and enjoy the album for its good points.
B00005UKKF|3.0|I had fantastic seats to see this LIVE performance and that's what I expected, an actual performance.  EVERY SINGLE song was lip-synched. Britney did not sing one single song herself during the entire concert!!!  I'll go out on a limb and say we may have another Milli Vanilli going on here!  I've seen Britney on a couple of award shows and MTV and yet again she didn't sing any of the songs herself.  You're honestly going to try and tell me that she can't sing a song where she is sitting at a piano the entire time, or standing on a platform with no dancing?  (You can even see the piano player count 1,2,3 so Britney knows when the audio will kick in.)<br /><br />If Madonna can dance around the stage and be thrown up in the air and still manage to sing most of her songs then Britney can do the same thing.  Only excuse is that her vocals stink without the help of a studio.<br /><br />The DVD will be just as disappointing as the actual concert if you except a real live performance.  If you've already got her CD's then you can turn off the volume while watching the DVD and pump up your stereo.
B00005IC2H|5.0|God bless television and motion picture soundtracks for introducing many of us to music we might not have otherwise listened to. I was unaware of Sigur Ros until two weeks ago, and now I cannot believe I lived this long without hearing their music. The Icelandic group sings in a universal language, with a sound that is a mixture of classical, metal and new age. Every track is a different style, the voices and instruments change. It is music to transport you to another world, and I can't listen to it enough.
0684865130|5.0|I first read Catch-22 in high school, and it has left a lasting impression on me. My take on the book was that the circle of insanity was the very thing that was holding the characters together to make it through their lives, keeping them sane.  Life is often a contradiction.  Like the good ol' military term:  Hurry up, and wait.<BR>When I watched the movie of this same title I was literally ill by the way the characters were portrayed.  Read the book, it's a whole other story.  You never once get a sense of the pain that the characters are suffering through in the movie, as you do in the book.
B00005OWIU|5.0|Like virtually every John Williams score, one need not have seen the movie it was written to support to appreciate and marvel at the rich music presented on the &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone&quot; CD. Once again, Williams has created a work that stands perfectly well on its own.<br />From the appropriately border-line sinister main motif (heard most clearly in &quot;Prologue&quot; and &quot;Hedwig's Theme&quot;) to the rousing strains of &quot;Quiddich Match,&quot; Williams has produced music so vibrant that it almost rises to the level of his carreer high-mark of the &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; soundtrack.<br />&quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcer's Stone&quot; is one part &quot;Hook,&quot; one part &quot;Witches of Eastwick&quot; and one part &quot;The Fury.&quot; There isn't a track on the disc that isn't worty of your full attention, but &quot;Prologue,&quot; &quot;Harry's Wondrous World,&quot; &quot;The Arrival of Baby Harry,&quot; &quot;Mr. Longbottom Flies,&quot; &quot;The Face of Voldemort&quot; and &quot;Hedwig's Theme&quot; are particularly impressive and bound to thrill any fan of Williams' work.
B00002E224|4.0|I already wrote a Before Sunrise review over a year ago, so I will not repeat myself. I still think it is a brilliant piece of work and the most honest love story I've seen. For those of you wondering if these two lovers (Hawke &amp; Delpy) see each other again, Richard Linklater's latest film &quot;Waking Life&quot; has a dream sequence with Ethan Hawke &amp; Julie Delpy together in bed talking. They do not address each other by name, but Julie Delpy refers to the conversation they had in Venice about reincarnation. And Hawke makes a reference to their previous discussions also. And they act EXACTLY like Jesse &amp; Celine would. Only now they are living together (we assume). This is a dream sequence, but Linklater slips the 5 minute scene in as special bonus for Before Sunrise fans! It's great that he felt the need to &quot;check in&quot; on these two, even if it may not be how things really turned out. So if you want to see Jesse &amp; Celine together again, hunt down &quot;Waking Life&quot; at the theater or on DVD! Later...
630281474X|5.0|First, like pretty much any \\"adaptation\\" of Bram Stoker's novel to the screen, this film has little to do with Stoker's \\"Dracula\\" novel. It DOES have more in common with it than either the famous Bela Lugosi version or the abomniable, offensively titled \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\" with Gary Oldman.<br />Others have already mentioned that this film is a piece of cinematic history... and 45 years after its release, it remains an exciting item to pop in the VCR when you're looking for a chlling, adventuresome diversion.<br />\\"The Horror of Dracula\\" starts out looking like a straight adaptation, but ten minutes in, it takes a hard left when its revealed that Jonathan Harker has come to Castle Dracula not as a hapless victim but as an agent of vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing and that Harker is fully aware of Dracula's true nature. But it all works, because when Van Helsing appears on screen (played by the late, great Peter Cushing), we get a different interperation of him than offered in Stoker's novel, and a different spin on vampirism as well. The film then proceeds to present Dracula claiming Mina and Lucy as victims, like in the novel, but for a different reason--revenge for Harker and Van Helsing being pains in the rear. In the end, the Count is brought low by his own schemes AND a rather neat little bit of action by Cushing/Van Helsing.<br />What is particularly  remarkable about this film is that, although it strays far from Stoker's story, Christopher Lee's portrayal of Dracula (as well as the way he is handled in the script) is far truer to Stoker and the overall tone of the novel than any other version. He's not the incongriously eveningwear-sporting-but-decaying-castle-dwelling Lugosi, nor is he the pathetic whiner from Oldman's version... no, the Lee Dracula is a blood-thirsty monster who preys on the life and emotions of the living. He is a strange and alien fearsome outsider, just as Stoker portrayed.
B00005OB0A|5.0|My god! I wasn't aware of Kylie Minogue existence until a few months ago. I frequently visit music sites and around mid september she was number 1 on the UK Charts. I downloaded the song from the net and I was astonished!<BR>Not only she can do great non stop dance tracks, this cd only have this kind of music(which I love by the way), but she can do great ballads ans stuff. Her previous works &quot;Light Years&quot; and &quot;Impossible Princess&quot; can prove you I'm right. The first single from &quot;Fever&quot;,&quot;Can't get you out of my head&quot; was recently release in the U.S and I bet soon will be on the number 1 spot as well as the UK. Her second single in the UK and Australia is the amazing &quot;In your eyes&quot;, both of them are worth the price of this cd. So just buy it, you won't regret for sure! And you will also pray for her to lead the charts instead of these terrible singles currently on the charts!
6305508550|5.0|I think everyone should watch this movie.  I own it and have watched it too many times to count.  If you're looking for a movie with a killer plot, keep on looking, but if you want to laugh for a good hour or two pick up this movie.  I love it because Michael(the main character) gets to say everything that I want to say to my boss but can't.
B00005TT77|4.0|. . . loves this album! For the most part, the musicians stick close to the Beatles' original versions, which is part relief and part disappointment: relief because the songs weren't gussied up and the singers echo the essence of the Beatles' intentions (no vibrato, singing close to talking voice); disappointment because they're so good, I'm curious to know what what these artists would have done with the songs if they'd had more time to work with them.<br />Minor complaints: `Revolution' struck me as manic, jumping from one mood to another; `I'm Only Sleeping' and `Lucy in the Sky' were a tad too energetic.<br />`Julia' and `Help!' deviate most from the originals. After a first listen, I didn't think much of Julia -- too much drums and backing harmony.  After a few times, though, I came to like it on its own terms. The atmosphere is very effective. `Help!' strays quite a bit from the Beatles' version, yet it's quite expressive in its unique way.<br />The acoustic numbers were just lovely.
B00005JKT8|4.0|I did not expect much , but I like Meg Ryan. I was pleasantly surprised to find a science fiction romance involving Ms Ryan.<br />The theory was a novel time rift that allowed one to travel thru time, with the ability to change time and history. The movie was a fun- filled, relationship challenging time with a race to see wether true love would win out in the end. The Duke from the past was excellant in his adaptation to the \\"new\\" world.<br />I enjoyed it.<br />ralphmax@i-55.com
B000002I2G|3.0|In my opinion, this is the original band's weakest album, which was partly because the experiments with brass and orchestration were not completely successful, lacking focus. They may have been running out of steam in late 1968 when the album was recorded, because it was their fourth album in two years, and they had depleted their initial backlog of songs. Two of the hits on the album were Touch Me(#3), and Runnin' Blue(#64). Both were written by Kreiger. The former was possibly the most successful of the orchestral and brass experimentation, being a strong performance by the band, and featuring a burning Curtis Amy sax solo. The latter was arguably hindered by Krieger's Dylan-like vocals in the chorus, and a countryish style that was unconvincingly played by studio musicians, although the words showed that Krieger had an unknown talent for writing lyrics. The obscure short songs were tracks 1,4,5,6,8. Morrison's Wild Child was a highlight featuring some mean blues licks played by Krieger, and unique stop-start rhythm from the musicians. Krieger's ballad Wishful Sinful was also another highlight reaching #44 on the pop charts, with emotional Morrison vocals, and a strong orchestral accompaniment. Tell All the People was entertaining, though pretentious, featuring lyrics depicting the singer as a Christ figure, (it reached #57 on the singles chart.) Do It and Easy Ride were not particularly well-structured songs, and seemed to be on the spot jams, although the latter featured some enigmatic Morrison lyrics. This leaves two cuts. Shaman's Blues was quite effective, with a melancholy feeling, and The Soft Parade was a creative multi-part song, although some of the lyrics seemed random and were ambiguous. The song began with Morrison's comments about \\"petitioning the Lord with prayer,\\" which were quite humorous because of the intensity in his delivery. In conclusion, although this is a weaker album in the Doors catalog, collectors interested in the other \\"five\\" should buy this for sure because there are plenty of strong cuts. Over the years, the general high quality of the Doors albums have made The Soft Parade look far worse than it really ever was...
6303014100|5.0|Being the Civil War reenactor I am, I decided to watch this movie.  Even though you can call it a &quot;guy movie&quot;, it's still good enough to watch, if you don't mind all gory things and stuff like that.  My group (8th KS, it's in the credits...look!) is in it, as well as many other reenacting groups; they protray accurately what the men did 139 years ago.  This movie also takes an inside look at what generals and other military leaders were discussing behind the lines.  Even though there are some mistakes (mostly errors and not factual) it's still great.  The prequel to this movie (which is a book by  Michael Shaara, or his father) called &quot;Gods and Generals&quot; will be released later in 2002.  A couple of my friends (including one relative) are in this movie as extras.  I would say that if you liked &quot;Gettysburg&quot;, read &quot;Gods and Generals&quot; and see the movie.  I don't which group of people to recommend this to, but history buffs and who ever likes war.  I'm expecting &quot;Gods and Generals&quot; to be as good as &quot;Gettysburg&quot;, but if it isn't then...oh well!  To wrap it up, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is a good Civil War movie.
B00005A1PR|5.0|When I was young I use to listen to Soul on the radio and have always love the lovely saxy, bassy sounds of a truly great soul artist, but have never actually bought any tape or CD of that sort not knowing what I should buy.  I am now older and can buy any music I want.  India Arie's Acoustic Soul was up for almost every major Grammy nomination &amp; so I listened to some samples and bought the CD: in a nutshell one of the best CD's I've every owned. EVERY song is gorgeously song and played.  Arie's voice is amazing.  She can do the vocal gymnastics of Christina Aguilera, change notes in a single hum like only classic singer and Karen Carpenter can. Her voice can do every note of the guitar and it can do the sounds of cello, bass, sax, flute, and more: one amazing soul singer.  She plays the guitar backgrounds beautifully and the other instrumentals a very well done. The lyrics some she co-wrote and some she wrote are great.  As one critic said buy this on for your kids.  She teaches self worth, love, and real life: truly poetic well written lyrics that reach the soul.  Sample of lyrics include: a mom has a child, she abandon's her dreams to nourish his but a promise is a promise and for that you should love her forever.  Out of 5 stars she easily deserves a 5+ and I thank the Grammy academy for turning me onto this CD and bringing me another gift to nourish the soul.
069451960X|1.0|Hello Customer Service,<br />I am sorry to say this but I have the wrong product. I wanted the book not the tape.  I haven't opend the package till now.  Just now, when I got the time to read book, I found out it is a tape. Could you please send me the book and I will return the tape.  Or tell me what is the procedure is.  Thank.
B00005QIPH|4.0|OK. Maybe Julian Casablancas does sound like Lou Reed on \\"The Modern Age\\", but other than that there's really no reason to compare these guys to the Velvet Underground. There's also no reason to expect these guys to be the next innovative geniuses of rock and roll ala Radiohead just because there was a lot of hype surrounding them--innovation is not what they're about. The Strokes are about rock at its very essence; loud, distorted, and exciting as Hell. Julian Casablancas shifts his voice from a lazy kind of drawl to an energetic yell so seamlessly it makes me want to stand up and pump my fist everytime I hear it. This isn't music you're supposed to sit in a chair and appreciate for its \\"post-modern ironic psychedelic anti-pop\\" qualities while sipping Chardonnay; it's meant to get your feet tapping, your head banging, your heart pounding, and your passion for good old-fashioned rock and roll ignited (By the way, I LOVE Radiohead, so don't think I'm bashing Kid A or anything--just trying to point out that this is a different sort of listen). ... Fans of real, back-to-the-basics rock and roll--buy this CD.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Just when I thought DT could not get much better musically, they write \\"Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence\\".  I've studied Dream Theater with their melodic chorus' to their tight metal riffs, and have found this new album to have it all.  I recommend this cd to absolutely anyone.  I have purchased tickets for their Denver and Phoenix concerts, traveling thousands of miles, because I know they will be playing music from this album.  BUY IT!!!  You won't regret.  DT RULES!!!!!!!<BR>Tyler
0696204800|3.0|As a beginning quilter I love seeing all the different blocks with the names.  It's a great reference guide.  However, I don't like the fact that the blocks are so small and the patterns don't give you cutting instuctions or seam allowances.  The color photos of the finished blocks are really nice to have, but the sewing in the photos is not very good quality and it gives the impression that the blocks may be difficult to make.
B0000033IR|5.0|some albums would require a lot of words to get its virtues across...not this one. just sum it up in two words: &quot;lady soul&quot;.
B00005LMBK|4.0|I first heard/saw the Clint Eastwood video on the internet, and after a few weeks, I was just dying to buy the CD.  So I brought it home, popped it in, and my god, I've never heard anything like this.  The songs are nothing like Clint Eastwood, but they have a lot of very weird attributes.  For those who like rock and roll, this CD is not for you. It never gets up that rock and roll \\"beat\\".  <BR> Its so weird, this CD almost makes me cry for two reasons:  one, the songs are very haunting and atmospheric, very other worldy.  Two, the bad part is it always seems to want to evolve to something beyond the Hip-Hop beats I think its restrained to. <br />I don't know what to make of this CD, its so depressing in some parts, then it becomes Hip-Hop, and I wake up from that coma I was in from all of that sleepy, very surreal music.  I swear this stuff is more potent than any hallucinating drug.  Listening to it has left me speechless.  I can't decide whether I like it or not, but I can say one thing:<br />Oh My God
0553573403|5.0|I knew from the moment I read the introduction that I was going to love this book.  The first few pages after that were a little slow, but still kept my interest enough to continue to read.  The characters are very interesting and intriguing, and one of the most interesting things about this book is that all characters are game.  In other words, you have no idea who will live and who will die.  There are no immortal, god-like characters who you know will survive.  The fact that it is so unpredictable is probably my favorite aspect of this book.  I can't wait to read the other books, and find out what happens to all my favorite characters.  All fantasy lovers HAVE to read this book.  I can't stress this enough.
0684801558|3.0|The Beautiful and Damned is a Naturalist novel that recounts the slow dissolution of Anthony Patch, heir to a large fortune, and his charmingly immature, hedonistic, and impulsive wife Gloria.<br />There's something a little &quot;off&quot; in this novel--even saying the title out loud requires an odd caesura. The plot has a feeling of artificial inevitability. Early on, it's easy to sympathize with Patch, even to root for him, but at times his thought processes and actions are so maudlin that one wants him to just *fall* already. Gloria is a fine and interesting character, but by and large the peripheral characters are closer to caricatures.<br />The book's strength is its prose, natural and authoritative, never self-consciously clever to an annoying extent. Fitzgerald's pacing is steady; occasional meandering narrative passages are fished quickly out of the water with dialog and plot events.<br />All in all it's a fairly good book, worth a read if you're NOT looking for the near-great Gatsby.
B00005QIPH|4.0|The beauty about this record is its pure energy and refusal to compromise its energy by carrying songs beyond their potential.  They play each song to its full potential, and like that, they stop.  They are everything that rock 'n roll was and probably never will be again because pop music has strangled all creative thinking from the teenagers in the world.  Sure, these guys could save rock 'n roll, if the people that mattered could notice over MTV pushing watered down pop songs.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|Spectacular, Spectacular!! The two words that describe this movie. Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor are wonderful. The music is lovely and the dancing is great. The best way to watch this movie is if you have a DVD player. The extra features are amazing. This my new favorite movie and is on my list as one of the best movies of all time!!!!
6303477259|5.0|The first thing I did after watching this video was rewind it and watch it again.  It was one heck of a performance.  The whole Dark Side of the Moon was performed as well as many other great Floyd songs such as Comfortably Numb, Wish You Were Here, and Run Like Hell.  David Gilmour was truly magnificent.  As far as concert videos go, this is as good as it gets.  If you are a Floyd fan why don't already have this beauty?  If you are not a fan I still recommend that you purchase it because the Dark Side of the Moon is a true classic, and to actually see it performed is something special.
B00004TJWE|2.0|The Pretty Things were always a second tier outfit, and this dated, overhyped dud shows why.  Yes, it was an early  rock \\"opera\\" and no doubt influential as a result, but looked at dispassionately as a piece of music, it's crap.  The songwriting is silly and instantly forgettable, and the gritty, tough sound of earlier Pretty Things that generally mitigated their songwriting limitations is absent from this dull museum piece of 60s pretension.  Save your pennies for remastered editions of The Who Sell Out and the great Kinks triumvirate of Face to Face, Something Else and Village Green Preservation Society.  The Pretty Things are for barrel scrapers.
6305232660|4.0|Here is a good and moving film, based on a significant amount of legitimate science, about the implications of an Earth impact of a large meteor or asteroid. Its best performances include those of Morgan Freeman as US President and Robert Duvall as leader of a crew of astronauts trying to destroy the giant meteor. The rest of his crew includes some impressive members as well. Minor detractions include something of an overdosing on the strong-headedness of a news reporter played by Tea Leoni. That overdosing gets grating at times, though her performance is not without its bright and moving moments as well. Her mother is palyed by Vanessa Redgrave, who seems to be a jinxed actress in recent years. For all her imressive array of worthy past performances, she's hasn't seemed able to land a worthy role for some time. It would have been nice if this movie could have broken that jinx for her, but it doesn't. Her character's ex-husband and father of the reporter is played by Maxmillian Schell, about the most bland of major characters, neither highly memorable nor particularly distracting. But the younger members of the cast are perhaps the biggest surprise. Elijah wood plays a young amateur astronomer who discovered the menacing meteor. He's as major a character as any others, and proves altogether up to task of playing a crucial role. His girlfriend is played by Leelee Sobieski (oh, that all her performances could be this grand). She's not even listed in most short enumerations of the cast, but her radiant performance is a show-stealing one.
B00005KARJ|5.0|I had the pleasure of seeing DUMBO again (after more years than I can remember!) with my nephew, and it was a wonderful experience.  It's a beautifully animated film, with a message that speaks to us all--just because some folks may consider you &quot;different&quot; doesn't mean that you are worthless.<br />Baby elephant Dumbo's big ears, along with his ruining a circus act, relegate him to the lowest rung of the totem pole--he's now a clown, and the other elephants won't even consider Dumbo one of &quot;them.&quot;  When Dumbo's mother tries to stick up for her baby, she is labled &quot;wild,&quot; and chained up, isolated from everyone.<br />Dumbo makes one friend, Timothy the Mouse, who helps Dumbo realize that he can make a contribution--those big ears, the cause of so much scorn and derision, allow Dumbo to fly.  None of the other elephants can do that, and in the end, Dumbo triumphs, showing everyone that he really isn't &quot;different&quot; after all.  He is reunited with his mother, and is the star of the show.<br />It's an important message--one worth showing to your kids, and it's a great film to watch with your children.
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is to Sgt. Pepper what De Niro's 'Raging Bull' is to Marlon Brando's 'On The WaterFront'
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Wild, Wild West purposely and definitely does not have the spirit of the original television series but it is flashier, bigger, and more expensive.  Unfortunately, that doesn't mean much.  The original TV series would never have pitted James West against Artemus Gordon as rivals.  The original show had them as true friends and partners. There is no chemistry whatsoever between Will Smith and Kevin Kline (Robert Conrad and Ross Martin had very good chemistry in the original tv show) as they try to stop Kenneth Branagh as Dr. Arliss Loveless from taking over the wild west and the world with new 20th century technology. Selma Hayek is wasted once more as a useless love interest or an object of competition between the two leads.  Will Smith as James West is okay, but he seems out of his element.  Kevin Kline is again versatile and likable. Kevin Branaugh probably took on this project just to have some fun and make some quick cash. Overall, wasted talent all around and one of those movies to have as background noise while doing household chores. Also, there was no rap music back in the 1800's.
0345404475|4.0|This is the first novel by Phillip K. Dick that I have ever read (up to this point it's all been short fiction) and it's great sci-fi.  There's a reason that Dick (like Heinlein) is considered a legend in the science fiction genre because he was light years ahead of its time.<br />Blade Runner is all about duality and the contrast of living and artificial beings.  It's a great book to read and then discuss with other people because it easily lends itself to open-ended themes and symbolism.<br />The nice thing about the book Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep is that it tells a similar and yet different story than the sci-fi classic movie Blade Runner.  You can enjoy both in their own medium and rest easy knowing that you're reading and watching a classic tale.
B00005LW7R|5.0|Abbado, an Italian former La Scala conductor, has Verdi in his blood and he gives an blood trans to the Berliner Philharmoniker here on this fantastic recording of Falstaff.This is easy listening but it is the most difficult opera Verdi ever made for an conductor and orchestra to manner and if this not works the singers going in too serious troubles too. This is not the case here because Abbado, like the rest of the Italian opera loving people (and it is a lot of them) know Verdi very well. <br />Abbado is, by the way, an overall very good conductor meaning he is great with modern composers, post romantic and romantic composers too but for me he and Verdi is the most perfect match.  <br />This was Verdis last opera, a comic one with a happy end in typical Shakespeare manner, meaning Shakespears comedys of course because this is a counterpart to Verdis (and Shakespears) tragedy Otello, that Verdi did a cople of years before Falstaff. <br />Falstaff is a GREAT opera from the maestro of the operas himself -Verdi. By the way... if you are looking for chorus &quot;hits&quot; like &quot;Va, pensiero, sullali dorate&quot; (from Nabucco) this is not for you because this story has only a few minor chorus in it but if you are in need for great conducting, a great story and great opera voices this Falstaff is one of the best opera records out there. <br />Terfel is the perfect Falstaff in my opinion but ALL do a great job, from the conductor, rest of the singers, orchestra, choir members too sound engineers (yes sound is great too) and the libretto package is one of the nicest and most informative I have ever seen. Its a pleasure reading it. <br />Sum up: you cant go -in my opinion- wrong grabbing this one. Falstaff by this team makes ME feel happy.
B00003CY0V|2.0|I guess the worst thing a summer popcorn flick can be is slow, but Swordfish actually manages this trick.  After a neat special effects shot at the beginning of the movie (in which Travolta gives a speech reminiscent of the beginning of Reservior Dogs), the story is told in flashback.  Hugh Jackman (who really has tremendous charisma and is the glue of the movie) is a hacker who is out of jail and is not permitted to touch a computer.  In Dominic Seda style, everything is told over the top and is gratuitous.  For example, its not enough that Jackman has a gun to his head and is forced to hack into the defense department's computer system in 60 seconds (when the best hackers need 60 minutes, so says Travolta), but Seda has a woman perform, well, a sexual act on Jackman at the same time.  And the famous Halle Berry nude shot is actually pretty lame and seems just placed in the movie without any sexual tension built up to it.  <br />All of movie's tension seems contrived and silly.  The scene with the bus (where it is carried off the ground by a helicopter) is cool visually but makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.  Let me get this straight, a Travolta highjacks hostages and puts then on a bus then has the bus carried to the top of a building so he can get to another helicopter and escape.  Usually I can ignore story holes big enough to drive a bus or truck through, but in Swordfish, it becomes way too much to handle.  Plus, am I the only person getting tired of Travolta's same old routine in every picture he makes?<br />As a DVD, this one is kind of a dud.  The menus are bland (no animation at all) and the special features are only so so.  There are two alternate endings (actually, only one of the two is a truly an alternate version of what occured at the end).  The commentary is good, as Seda is entertaining even where the film is not.
B00005UV96|5.0|I bought this CD at midnight and have listened to it 6 times already today.  The Chems have put out what is by far their most danceable album yet.  If you haven't heard the first 2 singles &quot;Star Guitar&quot; and &quot;It Began In Afrika&quot; then you haven't been clubbing lately, have you?  If you're wondering if the entire album lives up to the hype the answer is yes!  There are ten tracks, other notables are &quot;Come with us&quot; which is very dance friendly big beat song, with many weird noises and effects and sci-fi sounding samples.  The down-tempo &quot;The state we're in&quot;  is beuatiful and flows very smoothly, reminds me of good trip-hop of the song &quot;asleep from the day&quot; off of the last Chems CD.  A must have for most electronic music fans collection.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Affirmation is absolutely, spontaneously fantastic.  It has the perfect blend of love songs and fun songs.<br />&quot;Affirmation,&quot; the title track, is a wonderful self-affirming song.  It's also kind of funny, too.  It basically states, this is what I believe and you can't really change that.<br />Then, there's &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; which is such a touching love song.  I swear, that song has got to be about total soulmates who know before they meet that they're destined to be together.<br />&quot;Crash and Burn&quot; shows that even if you are having a hard time, there is always someone who cares.  It kind of makes me think of how you can just crash on your friend's bed and spill out all of your problems and he or she will listen and help you out.<br />Affirmation is incredible!
0140367357|3.0|I doubt I would have liked \\"Five Children and It\\" even as a child: an ordinary child's troubles are so much more troublesome than the challenges these kids face, it's almost (but not quite) funny. Cyril, Robert, Anthea, and Jane live in a countryside mansion replete with servants, they take trips to toy stores where they can buy whatever their hearts desire (the author informs us that this is the way children ought to be brought up), and inside a gravel-pit they have found a prehistoric sand-fairy that grants them wishes, one each day, but all their wishes have been turning out rotten so far. Well, boo hoo.<br />It isn't the concept that bothers me; it is the execution. Baum's and Carroll's heroines face comparable situations, but neither authors' books evoked such negative reactions from me. The reasons why the children's wishes fail I found especially abominable: when peerless beauty is wished for, the maid won't let them in since they look like \\"eyetalian monkeys\\"; when wealth is asked for and antique guineas appear by the bushel, the kids are arrested for thieves; when stolen jewellery magically reappears, it is Beale, the gameskeeper, who is immediately and incontrovertibly the chief suspect; when the four wish (accidentally) for the baby to grow up, the Lamb (Or Devereuz, or Hilary, or St Maur, as he should be rightly called) becomes a snappish fop. Nesbit draws miscellaneous moralistic lessons from her tale (\\"I cannot pretend that stealing is right\\"), but what use are these lessons when you are arrested whether or not you tell the truth? I would much rather Nesbit turn a cynical eye on the people she is describing, instead of using her keen powers of observations to weave an antithetical yarn.<br />At least her prose is reasonable enough. Nesbit's language is lucid, and while her sentence structure is rather sophisticated, it is not unduly so. Sadly, the same cannot be said of her characters. The four children who are the novel's protagonists are essentiallythe only developed characters, and while they are developed rather well, with plausibility and realism, they are bland. They are honest, noble, polite, friendly, sociable, and well-off; they treat the servants and people of lower station as functionaries, tools, ways of getting from A to B, and so does the author. Thus, there is little desire on the reader's part to come to know them better. They allow little conflict, little empathy. I'm probably the first to levy the charge that they have little wit and, if not for the fact that the wishes disappear at sundown, they would have great difficulty dealing with ther wishes.<br />But more about those wishes: it is quite surprising how many of them are accidental. In fact, there is little premeditated wishing going on past chapter six: otherwise, Nesbit would have been hard-pressed to find a reason for the children to wish for marauding Indians. What lesson are we, as readers, to draw from this? \\"Word your wishes carefully?\\" I'm reminded of the movie \\"Big,\\" in where a twelve-year-old wishes to be grown-up to impress an older girl, and instead becomes Tom Hanks and scares the heck out of everybody. Just once I'd like a book where the characters get their hearts' true desires and have to come to terms with THAT.
B00005JKYS|5.0|I HAVE READ THE BOOK IS WAS BASED ON. AND IF THEY STAY ANYWHERE NEAR WHAT WAS WRITTEN ON BY LT. COL MOORE AND JOE GALLOWAY,THEN THIS WILL HAVE PEOPLE EMOTIONALLY CONNECTED TO EVERY CHARACTER.THAT IS IN THIS MOVIE.I ENJOYED THE BOOK SO MUCH I READ IT TWICE.LOST ALOT OF GOOD MEN IN NOV OF 1965.HOPE THIS WILL MEASURE UP TO THEIR SCARFICE THAT THE MADE.
B00005U1YO|4.0|This is easily their tightest album in years. The ubiquitous \\"It Began in Afrika\\" is only a teaser. Subsequent tracks like \\"Star Guitar\\" and \\"Hoops\\" pay a playful homage to the New Order sound, with just a touch of trance lacing over its beats - perfect pop concoctions. \\"Denmark\\" has that hard house sound, with killer bass. But the real treats are \\"The State We're In\\" with Beth Orton and \\"The Test\\" with Richard Ashcroft from the now defunct Verve.   I usually tend to stay away from the vocal laden electronica, but these are genuinely moving collaborations. Beth Orton's voice wafts over the ethereal track, and \\"The Test\\" is more poignant and touching than any of the songs on Richard Ashcroft's solo album that came out last year. (or was it 2 yrs ago?) Although this latest effort from the Chemical Bros. doesn't break any new grounds (hence the 4 stars), that wasn't in their intention, either. All you get is a tightly cohesive album with some bomb tracks with blood-curdling bass, and a little whimsy thrown in for a good measure. I'll be listening to this one for a while to come.
B00003Q43A|4.0|but if you haven't it's good. I'd advise renting it instead of buying it, but whatever you like
B000002GDJ|5.0|I bought this album because my greatest hits cd got crushed so I figured that I would start fresh and buy all their albums.  I'm really glad that CD got crushed because now I can appreciate this band more fully.  This album has great songs on it beyond the singles Message in a bottle and Walking on the moon.  But unless you own this album you probably haven't heard songs like &quot;Bring On The Night&quot; or &quot;Contact&quot; or &quot;The Bed's Too Big Without You.&quot;  Which are just as good if not better than the &quot;hits&quot;.  The last tune is just one example of the simple but clever lyrics on this album and every time Sting sings &quot;make love to my pillow but it did'nt feel right&quot; I have to chuckle a little bit.  Then there is the punk flavored &quot;On any other day&quot; which makes no sense as a title until you listen carefully to the very ending of the song.  In general all the lyrics are sombre and negative.  It's not a very positive album but the music is just wonderful.  The drums are powerful and they drive the music.  The guitars are melodic and punk/reggae flavored, Sting's bass as ever is creative and melodic.  Compared to Ghost in the machine the lyrics on this album are not as deep and serious but the guitars, bass, and drums and other instrumental aspects of the songs are much better on this album.  On Ghost in the Machine there are not very many bridges.  This album has all kinds of breaks and creative riffs and pauses which makes it worth purchasing by anyone who wants to know more about the police besides the singles they have heard on the radio.
B00005R87Q|5.0|OH MY GOD, if you're a guy you HAVE to have this movie. If you're a girl, and you like attractive guys, or sexy cars you gotta get it. It's pure sexy adrenalin from opening credits to close credits. The DVD has SO much in extra footage, and they're actually worth watching. QUIT READING AND CLICK THE BUY BUTTON!!!
B00003CY3W|5.0|I went to see this film with this one thought \\"This Should be Interesting at the Least.\\" I was right this was the most interesting TEEN comedy that differentiated the qualities of female teenagers and the realisation of the characters own self.  This is miles ahead of other TEEN comededies of the American Pie movies and the Scary Movies. This film has quirky humour (instead of the gross kind) and at the same time realises thruth in both the characterisation and in the way the characters are viewed and the relationship between that and the way the two female leads view everything else. Enid and Rebbecca the leads are realised characters and are viewed as confident yet patrenising (in terms of the way they treat the world) twosomes. The quirky humour is balanced between the naturalastic feel to whole settings of each scene. Overall the film boasts fantastic performances and rewards a great viewing for all ages with a mental age above 15. <br />After the viewing of this beautiful masterpiece. The Graphic Novel, which the film is based on is also a great read. Daniel Clowes and Terry Zwigoff have done a rewarding adaptation of the comic which started it all. <br />Ghost World + Human 15+ = A Rewarding Experience
0789723107|4.0|This book is deffinantly worth having, but don't take it as the bible. It's humor is fun, and it doesn't take a huge time investment to read.
6301620208|5.0|It was late Oct 1983 when I saw this movie, I was 4 years old then! Thats how much this movie impacted me. I knew what I saw was \\"bad\\", but didt know what it was. Fiveteen years later, I saw a copy for sale at a local video store. I bought it and rewatched it. Still after 15yrs, it still scares the crap out of me! You get to know an avrage group of people from the Kansas City in eary 1983. You see what happens what they go though when WW3 screws there life.  Its a horrifing movie but it was well acted out.  Its worth watching. Please if someone has the English move \\"Threads\\", I would like to buy it. I cant find it anywhere! my email mrvolvonut@cs.com
B00005QZ7U|2.0|Although it is evident that the filmmakers were making a valiant attempt to resurrect an extinct animal; film musical comedy, they have failed miserably.  Perhaps it is an impossible task.  Moulin Rouge is an indulgent mess, with a few wonderful sequences and performances (most notably by Ewan McGregor and Jim Broadbent, both of whom are quite good) Personally I am mystified by the film's appeal.  Kidman and Leguizamo are both way over the top, the story is much too simplistic and the dance sequences are unfocused and dull.  I would very much like Luhrmann to take a look at an earlier film of his \\"Strictly Ballroom\\" and take a lesson from it.  Maybe going back to his roots (as they say) might help him create something worthwhile.<br />Although not as dreadful as his Romeo and Juliet, Moulin Rouge is still a failure.  I can not recommend it to any but the least discriminating viewer.
0792156684|2.0|Nice set, but otherwise, total cheese ball love story.I Hate it!
B00005U1YO|4.0|\\"Come With Us\\" is the Chemical Brothers doing what they do best. If you own any of their past efforts then this is pretty much the same sort of thing. So considering that each release has been excellent, then you shouldn't be dissapointed with this. The only observation I can make is that this has a more uptempo, techno feel - but there are still heaps of familiar sounds, samples and song structures here. I guess when you are on a good thing you should stick with it - particularly when it sounds this good.
B00005UEAR|5.0|This disc has a little something for everyone. Hard stuff, mellow stuff, slow stuff, fast stuff. It's all here. Personally it's the title track that does it for me. It's a marathon 42min track that takes you inside the minds of six different people. Each with their own unique problems. Dream Theater tries several different sounds on this disc and the results are incredible. This is probably my favorite album in a long line of favorites from Dream Theater. Right up there with &quot;Images &amp; Words&quot; and &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot;. These guys just keep getting better!
B00005UEAR|5.0|This an amazing production, Dream Theater has done it again, and deliverd a two cd studio album. I've had the oportunity to listen to this album for a week, since I live in Norway and it was relased the 21. I must say, I did not really think that this album would live up to expectations (after listening to their consept album: Metropolis pt.2; scenes from a memory, I really did not see any way that this could match it).<br />But it absolutley lived up to expectations. Starting out with the _heavy_ glass prison (it did not sound like dream theater at all), although heavy, it's great. The next few tracks are a little above average dreamtheater tunes, but when i comes to cd 2 It's the 42 minute song Six degrees of inner turbulence, i won't say anymore than, go out, get the album and experience it for yourselves.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|Crowe hits all the right chords in this movie.  And why not, it's all about him.  Yet his life as a young (very young) Rolling Stone reporter is impossible to turn away from for even a moment.<br />From the viewer's perspective, you'll walk away from this movie with that wonderful longing that makes you wish for more, and yet you don't want to spoil the magic that the uncut movie gives you.<br />This movie is all the more enjoyable if you know the music of the era, and get the extensive, but obscure, references that Crowe works into the movie.<br />Finally, Crowe's director commentary is quite interesting, and his mom is quite funny as well.  It's interesting to hear that many of the props are actual relics from his days on the road with the bands.<br />Simply put, this DVD belongs in your collection.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater has always effectively employed a number of musical methods seemingly designed to alienate the casual listener.  Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is no exception.  In spite of this DT has also consistently been able to get at least one \\"radio single\\" from each of their offerings.  As I'm writing this only the second day after its release, I've not yet heard any of this double CD on the radio.  But after listening to just the first 2 minutes of the first track, The Glass Prison, I challenge even diehard Korn and Limp Bizkit fans not to be drawn in to the point they'll feel \\"ripped off\\" if they don't listen further.<br />Another selection, About To Crash (Reprise,) a 4 minute section from their epic 42 minute song Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence (the entire second CD) also has plenty to offer both the Dream Theater fan and the casual listener alike.  Starting out with the growling, solo guitar work of John Petrucci and building up to a blistering crescendo this song has a feel reminiscent of 70's arena rockers Boston as well as several upbeat offerings from guitar legend Joe Satriani.<br />DT fans will recognize the signature extended jams, flawless technique and musical sparring between band members.  DT's musical influences are more evident on this 2 CD set perhaps than any previous offering.  Music styles from Pink Floyd's trippy, reverb saturated pieces to Metallica's in-your-face, crunching guitar to off-beat time signatures, odd rhythms and musical interludes reminiscent of Yes or Rush are perfectly blended into a style that is all Dream Theater.<br />If the 2000's prove to be a musical void (especially for rock guitar lovers) similar to what the previous decade offered, Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence includes enough talent, technique and sonic tapestries to last this decade.
B000002H70|5.0|...and I love it.  Listening to it once, will sink me into a deep dark depressing funk for days or weeks.  I won't comment on individual songs because this album really needs to be listened to in it's entirety...anything less would be an insult...like cutting up the Sistine Chapel and presenting Adam's hand as an excellent example of a well painted index finger.  Truly a must have gothic masterpiece.
6304806442|5.0|I thought Trainspoting was excelent! A little odd at times but in the end is was great. The actors in this movie played their role great, excpecially Ewan McGregor who played Mark. He was great at the way he portrayed his role. Trainspotting is great, comedy, but some parts were too rough. Overall it was excelent!
B00005UEAR|2.0|OK, enough already.  These guys are jaw-dropping instrumentalists.  They've established that for 15 years now; they even wrote some tasty, kick-'butt', thoughtful, literate music and lyrics back in the day.  Now, however, the chops-for-chops' sake trap/disease has completely taken over.  Even when there is a good riff or bit, it is almost never developed or explored in an interesting way, and it's gone before you know it, in favor of the usual \\"Oh, by the way - don't forget how fast I can play\\" arpeggio/neo-classical fest.  The vocal melodies are an afterthought, sticking to the root with almost laughable regularity.  Lyrics?  Well, suffice it to say that amateruish is an understatement, and you can't cram awkward, unsingable words into a basically undeveloped melody and expect EVERYBODY to let it slide!  Yes, we are all very impressed at how long and hard you've practiced all your lives.  Now, can you induldge us poor, unappreciative neophytes and write anything even resembling a quality SONG?!?!  Other progressive bands have - even ones who's members can play really fast too!  What's your excuse, DT?  Can't be bothered?  Or perhaps that's even harder than playing a million hemidemisemiquavers a second?  Hmmm...
0780619951|1.0|I use this movie as the bottom end of my personal  rating scale for movies that I've seen. Whenever I see a really lousy movie, I can always find solace by saying to myself, \\"At least it wasn't as bad as 'Dr. Moreau'!\\" <br />See this one at your own risk. It's the only movie that I have ever almost walked out of. I like freaky, bizzarro movies too; this one was just insipid without intending to be.
B00003CXFG|1.0|Where do I begin with this absolutely HORRIBLE movie?  It is beyond my comprehension how movies like this get made.  The plot is: a passenger/freight ship must make an emergency landing on an unknown planet that...(wait for it) has an oxygen balanced atmosphere (except everyone carries a portable hookah for reasons we never find out).  Upon landing, the passengers find out that 1: there is a crazy pro wrestler type prisoner on board who is now freely roaming the crash site (he bought himself some night vision eye surgery in prison for a pack of smokes... WHAT?!)  2: there are lizards below the ground that eat people, and finally 3: that the speechless lizards prove better at acting than the crew.  The writing is awful at best, and the cheese-wagon characters are so cliche' you'll feel like they came straight out of an action figure box. *snotty science guy, *strong pilot chick, *hunky guy with an attitude, *muslim man with turban(complete with disposable sons for thrilling death scenes) and of course, *that lovable, wacky stowaway.  But by far the worst part of this movie is the credits where you have to admit to yourself that you actually watched the whole thing.  Save your money and time for a winner like The Thing or Alien.  Your intellect will thank you for it.
0553277472|4.0|This book taught me to &quot;pay attention when life goes awry.&quot; In some ways, this is a mysterious book because it is not so much fiction as it is the author's life. Not your average sort of book - it's wise, honest and solid. I also highly recommend &quot;Open Your Mind, Open Your Life: A Book of Eastern Wisdom&quot; by Taro Gold. Excellent.
B000053VAF|5.0|Few films have upset the religious community as much as Dogma, and probably none have so little to cause such a reaction. Obviously crafted by someone who knows a lot about Catholic tradition (and dogma, as it were), Dogma has far more in support of God and religion than anything else.<br />As a DVD, the Dogma SE is quite well done, with menus that reflect the cheesy marketing as evidenced by the \\"Buddy Christ\\" in the film. Also of note is the \\"religious fanatic\\" who says something when a menu is selected. The commentary is quite funny (esp. the blatant and shameless attempts by Smith to promote Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash), although the video portions are pretty dull, except for revealing that Jason Mewes was completely intoxicated when recording it. The cut sections, however, are where the DVD truly shines. Framed by explanations from Smith, these scenes truly enhance the experience, provided you really liked the movie (which, of course, is the only reason you should buy deluxe editions like this). My only complaint is that the \\"Hosties\\" animatics promised throughout the various commentaries is not at all present. Otherwise, it's the perfect DVD for fans of this movie, or Kevin Smith's \\"View Askewiverse\\".
0140067477|4.0|A nice introduction to eastern philosophy and a good read for those seeking wisdom. In a modern society filled with superficial standards, noise polution and electronic everythings, this book is a welcome break that may just affect the ways you think and react. I also love and highly recommend the 'Open Your Mind, Open Your Life' book of wisdom by Taro Gold which, like the Tao of Pooh, teaches that life is not about what happens to us, it's how we perceive what happens. Wonderful!
B00005OCMR|3.0|If Tron has a problem, it's more than likely rooted in that which makes the film so memorable: the attempt by the movie to humanize the inner workings of the computers that, when the film was made, were just beginning to become a huge part of our lives. The main effect embraced by the film was to make everything appear as colorless as possible in the computer world, which unfortunately can be extremely painful on the eyes after a while, especially since there is no attempt to show the &quot;real world&quot; in between the extended &quot;computer world&quot; sequences. Also, the virtual characters (which are all represented by the image of their &quot;user&quot;), are quite stiff at times (for lack of a better word), which is accurate, but not always the most exciting stylistic choice.<br />Regardless of this quibble, Tron is very much ahead of its time. The importance of computers hinted at in this film has come to pass, with all but the artificial intelligence system of the Master Computer in use today. So much so, in fact, that one can see an image of a sea of cubicles at the software company, and shake one's head at the prophetic nature of the image. And this goes without mentioning the computer animation, which is now standard for all TV shows and movies being made.<br />What this DVD does is prove to be an incredible source of information on the film. While I have not viewed the documentary or the commentary as of yet, I still very much give the features for this set my fullest appreciation. In addition to the previously stated features, there is just about every trailer connected to the film and an extensive gallery of production stills and merchandise. Also included is a segment from a PBS program on computers, where one of Tron's staff predicts that computer animation will be the norm in Hollywood. Twenty years later, this is true, and we are now able to study Tron as the pioneering marvel that it is.
1878424319|3.0|This book was less than I expected. There is good practical advice - like cultivating distance from your own thoughts and other people's words and replacing old ideas with new beliefs. However, there's really nothing new here, it's more of a common-sense book, and I see little, if anything, that hasn't been taught many times over by other popular authors and most major religions. I prefer the book of wisdom by Taro Gold called &quot;Open Your Mind, Open Your Life.&quot;
6304884419|5.0|This is a classic.<BR>Robert DeNiro's directorial debut is<BR>highly successful.  This is one of<BR>the best DVD's that i ever bought<BR>because of the excellent plot,<BR>clear picture, and price. A great<BR>value and strongly recommended for<BR>purchase.
0345413377|5.0|Philip Pullman has really done a masterful job with this third book in his trilogy. The book lends itself to repeated re-readings as readers grow with the book.   I was very impressed with how  Pullman drew everything together in this final book.  It's a neat trick he pulls off in beginning this trilogy in such a focused way - with Lyra the central protagonist who knows only the world of her Oxford - and then expanding it by this third book to embrace a profoundly HUGE, everything-AND-the-kitchen-sink concept of the universe, but still giving us indivduals to care about and keeping the strong emotional center of Lyra (and Will).
B00005QZ7U|5.0|This movie absolutely blew me away!  I was stunned to tears with just the opening song, \\"Nature Boy\\".  The music was beautiful and cleverly picked out to follow the story line.  The costumes were dazzling and the whole movie made my eyes tingle with delight(and with some tears).  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good love story and musicals.  This is not one of those \\"lame\\" Disney-fied musicals.  Don't be suprised if you clap at the end...  I did.
B000002MY3|4.0|This album is a great initial effort by Morissette, but her work has declined from here.  Her music has completely lost its intensity and, in doing, its honesty.  While Jagged Little Pill is a good album, I am not a fan of anything that has come after.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I loved this movie.  It was very cute.  It wasn't sooo cute that it was childish or boring for me as an adult.  There is humor in this movie for all ages!  This movie is visually appealing.  I enjoyed watching it for not only its humorous story, but also for its music, and I am a big fan of Mike Myers!<BR>Children will love this movie trust me.  I watched it 3 times in a row because they love it so much.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater has been one of my favorite bands for quite some time now, and of course I bought this two cd set the day it came out before hearing any of it.  I was just blown away. From the first track it just picks up with a fury. The music is hard and as always, very well structured. The production of this album is fantastic and i was quite impressed with Labrie (the singer). In past albums, he normally sounded a bit &quot;fruity&quot;, but in this album his voice is less of an annoyance and more of an addition to the music. Portnoy is awesome throughout the disc (especially in &quot;Glass Prison&quot; - My personal fav right now. The whole double album is just a masterpiece of progressive rock and it doesnt really let up, all songs clocking in at well over 6 minutes (most are over 10!) Buy and you wont be dis-appointed, one of the best albums i have heard.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks is THE best actor.  He holds the screen for the whole time he is by himself.  I doubt any other actor could do that.  Helen Hunt is one of my favorite actors too and she really does a great job in this movie.   Very great special effects, especially the crash scene.  (I was so scared during the crash scene that I think my knuckles turned white.)  I recommend this to all Tom Hanks fans and to people who enjoy love stories and triumphs-of-the-human-spirit stories, and so on.<BR>At least rent this.  It really is great.
B000002MY3|5.0|I'm gonna rate the released songs only:<BR>On a scale of 1-10<BR>1)You oughta know-10 stars Let's you feel better after you break up.<BR>2)Hand in my pocket-8 stars Good when depressed helps remind you that in the end everything will be fine.<BR>3)Head over heels-9 stars very good if you still have a b/f g/f a great song about how ironic love can be.<BR>4)Ironic-11 stars!Great every1 can relate to something the song say about how life can justr blow up everything in your face and turn around the last minite.<BR>5)You learn-10 stars Talks about the things in life you go through and You learn  from.
6305524866|3.0|It is worth it to watch this for the wonderful, warm portrayals of Gareth and Matthew, the zingy Scarlett, the brittle but brilliant Fiona.  <br />But what an odd storyline. We're supposed to believe that Charles truly loves Carrie.  Er, what for? The character Fiona has a one-word dismissal of Carrie that should have stopped the action right there. <br />Interestingly, Fiona, for all her bad luck in her love life, is the best judge of character, with the most insight, in the film.  She alone of the main characters knows that Matthew and Gareth are in a couple and is comfortable commenting on it, she alone has the courage to criticize the woman (who turns out to be a jerk)that Charles initially plans to marry.  When the writers went to so much work to show us that Fiona knows people and then expects us to suspend that knowledge it is difficult to root for Carrie and Charles as a couple.<br />Reviewer after reviewer blames Andie for making Carrie bland and  uninspiring.  I think it is the fault of the writers.  We don't know what Carrie does for a living, what  her family is like (except for a brief speech she makes at her own wedding--no interaction, just the actress talking--again), anything about her except that she is a pretty tease (to be polite about it).  In contrast, we know that Charles is devoted to his brother, that he has remorse about past relationships, that he can live with a woman without sleeping with her but wants a real relationship.  &quot;Carrie&quot; never had a chance, no matter who played her.<br />So, three stars for the subplots, none for the silly main plot, leaving us with an enjoyable but not great movie.
B00000AFDW|3.0|For Kiss fans, there's sure to be something you'll like on this disc. The title track sounds like a deliberate update of &quot;Deuce&quot; and &quot;Love Gun&quot;. Peter reunites with the guy that co-wrote &quot;Beth&quot; but &quot;I Finally Found My Way&quot; isn't exactly hit material. Paul's songs aren't his best but he does have his moment with &quot;I Pledge Allegiance,&quot; being his best offering. Gene's songs are clearly the best and make this one worth buying. &quot;We Are One&quot; and &quot;Within&quot; are both solid songs even if they don't really sound like the old Kiss. &quot;Within&quot; was supposedly recorded during the Carnival of Souls sessions so it would have fit nicely on that album which remains my favorite Kiss release by far. &quot;Journey of 1000 years&quot; (by Gene) is a nice surprise too and sort of a reprise to &quot;Within&quot;. And then there's Ace. Poor Ace. He tries his best and he played some cool licks in the 70's but he just isn't a songwriter. His lyrics have always been the worst in the group, even worse than such Spinal Tap-ish tunes as &quot;Calling Dr. Love&quot; and &quot;Ladies Room&quot;. But in all honesty &quot;Into the Void&quot; is a good track and probably the only good song he's ever recorded with Kiss with the exception of the far superior &quot;Shock Me&quot;. I've noticed a lot of fans calling this their &quot;worst&quot; album. I disagree and would like to remind them to pop in &quot;The Elder&quot; again.
B000002U9W|5.0|I bought this album with mixed thoughts. I thought it would be some insane album like Ummagumma's studio album. I put the CD in the car and me and my mom listened to the first tune, Atom Heart Mother. I thought it was pretty cool they were blending in with an orchestra. My mom thought it was really weird and we changed it to the next song. The other songs are great. I went back and listened to the first song all through and I thought it represented Gilmour and Wright at their creative best. If you are just starting to get into Pink Floyd, wait until you get deeper into their music until you purchase this one. I got it after i had purchased stuff besides Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here. This is an album that takes some getting used to, but i thought it rocked! Ummagumma is one of those Pink Floyd albums that sounds messed if you thats the first floyd Cd you get, but if you appreciate the fact that they were experimenting, you would like it better.
0060934913|4.0|I was a front-of-the-house girl and I have to say that reading Bourdain's book brought back fond memories of walk-in trysts and being called four letter names by the same guys we drank with at the end of the night.  &quot;No hard feelin's girlie.&quot;  If you worked in the business, if you know what a monkey dish is, if you have ever touched a chef's knife, if you wax nostalgic for the &quot;good old days&quot; now that you are &quot;out of the life&quot;... you will love it.<br />If you are and always have been &quot;a customer who appreciates food&quot; you don't want to know what is between these covers!
B00005B4GU|5.0|It is widely known that Amnesiac and Kid A are products of the same recording sessions, and that they may have been considered material for a double album.  However, Amnesiac is a distinct and interesting album, and is not a remake of Kid A.  The basic effect on Kid A is one of confusion, isolation, and dispair, whereas the crisp Amnesiac feels more like an exercise in self-awareness, a witness to one's complicated, yet integral position in the universe.  Kid A is a newborn, or a fetus, locked in an oblivious alternate world.  Amnesiac is a toddler, running around and dreaming about the future.  (Kid A = Kid Amnesiac?  Could it be a prototype for the real thing?) It is much more comfortable with the concept of reality than Kid A.  <br />When does Thom's voice finally appear in Kid A?  It is compromised in both &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; and &quot;Kid A.&quot;  It is wet with effects in &quot;The National Anthem.&quot;  It seems to show itself in &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot;  but it is struggling with its position in the spotlight.  It then &quot;disappears completely&quot; in &quot;Treefingers,&quot; and then finally begins to make its mark in &quot;Optimistic.&quot;  In Amnesiac, it comes through with bravado in &quot;Pyramid Song,&quot; and is much more forceful in general throughout the album.  This demonstrates a higher level of courage than in Kid A, as well as a certain tolerance for one's own humanity.  The music in general is more humanified than in Kid A, with more live instruments and a bit less electronics.  <br />Structurally, I don't like Amnesiac as much as Kid A or OK Computer.  There are great songs on this album, but they don't tie together quite as well as on previous efforts.  I think OK Computer and Kid A are so strong thematically that there is an aesthetic consistency that binds it all together.  There is certainly some of that on Amnesiac, but it is not as prevelant.  <br />Amnesiac is probably the least revolutionary of the last four albums, in the world of Radiohead.  Certainly it would be considered iconoclastic in the music world at large, but the change from Kid A to Amnesiac is the slightest since at least the Bends. (This probably has something to do with why people have criticized Amnesiac for being too much like Kid A.)  Still, it is a valiant effort, and an album that belongs in every intellegent listener's collection.  The next album, if it ever happens, is going to arrive amid great anticipation.  Will it live up to the hype?  Can they reinvent music yet again?
0783226063|2.0|I thought this version was OK, but would prefer if they'd release the full uncut version on DVD (3+ hours). That's the one they sometimes show on the sci-fi channel...The prologue is a lot more informative, and there are a lot more explanations about what is supposed to be going on. I think just like &quot;Blade Runner&quot; is better w/the Director's Cut, &quot;Dune&quot; would be vastly improved.
B000002J1C|5.0|Unequivocally the defining progressive rock album of 1971, \\"The Yes Album\\" was the collected batch of music that brought Yes from promising up comers to International superstars. Most of the songs here 30 years later are still the main stay of their live show.<br /> \\"Yes\\" were one of the bands who helped create the genre known as progressive rock, where more emphasis was put on the musicianship and songwriting ability of the band members than whether they could leap about in pretty clothes on Top of the Pops. \\"Yes\\" and their fans took themselves very seriously which had already led to dissention in the ranks as original lead guitarist Peter Banks had been fired for the horrendous sin of drinking alcohol, and enjoying himself both on and off the stage, this did of course not deter all future Yes guitarists to copy Bank's style right up to the present day. Enjoying oneself was also the reason for the loss of drummer Bill Bruford the following year.<br /> Despite this rather sterile work method, it would take a braver scribe than I to be anything other than full of praise for this great album. There is a crucial blend of musical styles, superb musicianship, adventurous songwriting, the desire to stretch their collective musical ability to the outmost limits, plenty of chances taken, and no fear of diversity, shown by the first two tracks \\"Yours Is No Disgrace\\" a fully fledged rock work out clocking in at nine minutes forty one seconds, with it's extended solos, soaring harmony vocals, and a storming infectious main riff, stolen from the \\"Bonanza\\" T.V. theme, this is immediately followed by \\"The Clap\\" a Steve Howe acoustic guitar work out recorded live that year at the Lyceum London.<br /> \\"Yes\\" were everything a progressive rock band should be. Soaring keyboards provided by the rock orientated Tony Kay (this was his last album with the band as he was soon to be supplanted by the ultimate progressive rock keyboard wizard Rick Wakeman but then again that's a whole other story) Steve Howe providing concise, driving, intricate, and sometimes subtle guitar, a solid bottom end rhythm section holding down all the songs. The majesty of \\"Pomp and Circumstance\\" next to the interwoven delicacies of acoustic piano and classical guitar, this album is an absolute must for those who like their music refined but with plenty of strength down the backbone.<br /> By the time the band reach the closing song \\"Perpetual Change\\" the pedal has definitely been pushed to the metal, and the song is built up to a magnificent rampaging conclusion, the perfect ending to a fine album. (Although Peter Banks probably surpassed them with his own version of Perpetual Change which he released on his own band Flash's Debut album changing the song title to \\"Dreams of Heaven\\"). Never the less \\"The Yes Album\\" is a fine work. Later with umpteen lines up changes only bass player Chris Squires has been with the band permanently, Yes were to release some appalling dross, but this catches a fine band at their zenith.<br />Mott the Dog.Steve Howe providing concise, driving, intricate, and sometimes subtle guitar, a solid bottom end rhythm section holding down all the songs. The majesty of \\"Pomp and Circumstance\\" next to the interwoven delicacies of acoustic piano and classical guitar, this album is an absolute must for those who like their music refined but with plenty of strength down the backbone.<BR> By the time the band reach the closing song \\"Perpetual Change\\" the pedal has definitely been pushed to the metal, and the song is built up to a magnificent rampaging conclusion, the perfect ending to a fine album. (Although Peter Banks probably surpassed them with his own version of Perpetual Change which he released on his own band Flash's Debut album changing the song title to \\"Dreams of Heaven\\"). Never the less \\"The Yes Album\\" is a fine work. Later with umpteen lines up changes only bass player Chris Squires has been with the band permanently, Yes were to release some appalling dross, but this catches a fine band at their zenith.<BR>Mott the Dog.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I haven't enjoyed a movie as much as I enjoyed this one in a very long time! Just when I had lost faith in Hollywood, Baz Luhrmann puts out this masterpiece that epitomizes creativity and talent.  I avoided seeing this movie until recently, and I regret that I never saw it at the theater.  Ewan McGregor's performance will leave you breathless and Nicole Kidman will make even the harshest critic rethink old perceptions.  The soundtrack is amazing, second only to the choreography!  This movie has quickly become one of my favorites, as it combines comedy with drama so seamlessly.  Watch this movie with an open mind and you will be dazzled by a soon to be classic love story!
0767019954|4.0|Very Fine adaptation of Thackeray's work.   Natasha<BR>Little is a skilled actress who will be a force to be<BR>reckoned with in years to come... Be prepared for the<BR>dark undertones that are also present in the novel...<BR>The only adaptation that tops it (by a slim margin)<BR>is a mid 1980s miniseries produced by the CBC that was<BR>shown here in the U S on PBS and/or A&amp;E.  British<BR>Actress Eve Matheson accomplished the same flawless<BR>performance that Little gave with her own take on<BR>Becky Sharp....The opportunity to compare the two<BR>may not be realized for many, as the Vanity Fair<BR>film featuring Matheson is out of print and extremely<BR>difficult to find...
B0000033RY|4.0|Cactus was formed in 1970 by ex-Vanilla Fudge members Tim Bogert on bass and Carmine Appice on drums. Their original idea was to form a supergroup in the vein of Cream or Led Zeppelin. The group was supposed to be rounded out by Jeff Beck on guitar and Rod Stewart on vocals. The idea was put on ice after Beck was sidelined indefinitely as the result of a wreck and Rod Stewart elected to join the Faces with fellow Beck Group band mate Ronnie Wood. Instead Bogert and Appice tabbed Jim McCarty ex-Detroit Wheel and Buddy Miles Express guitarist to handle the frets. Another musician with Detroit ties Rusty Day ex-Ted Nugent's Amboy Dukes handled vocals and harmonica. This line up remained intact until their 4th album, the part studio part live \\"'Ot 'N' Sweaty\\". This release featured Werner Fritzchings who replaced McCarty on guitar, Peter French ex-Atomic Rooster who replaced Day on vocals and Duane Hitchings who joined the band on keyboards. The band broke up after this release when Bogart and Appice finally hooked up with Jeff Beck for the \\"Beck Bogert and Appice.\\" album (not represented here). The bands trademark sound was a devastating form of power boogie. Tim Bogert's bass playing remains the highlight of this group. His playing eventually became so complex it was like another lead instrument hastening Jim McCarty's departure. The remastered anthology contains two rarities, the unissued studio track \\"Rumblin' Man\\" and an unissued live version of their best known track, a cover of Mose Allison's \\"Parchman Farm\\" (also included here in its studio version). Other notable tracks include a sledgehammer covers of Howlin' Wolf's \\"Evil\\" and Willie Dixon's \\"You Can't Judge A Book By The Cover\\", and their own tunes like \\"One Way Or Another\\" and \\"Restrictions\\". I would actually rate this 4.5 due to the rarities but I was disappointed that two songs in particular were not included. The first track \\"Mean Night In Cleveland\\" is an autobiographical song about their pot smoking exploits on a plane to Cleveland (they were subsequently arrested when the plane landed). The other track is the live cut \\"Bedroom Mazurka\\" from the rare \\"Mar Y Sol\\" album which contained live tracks from that festival by the various artists who appeared there. The band at its peak reportedly were able to blow Ten Years After off the stage. If you like seventies era rock this is a rare treasure as all four of their original albums are out of print domestically. The liner notes like in most Rhino releases are also very informative. Power boogie indeed!
0792156684|2.0|After having enjoyed this film in the theater, I couldn't wait for the home video to hit the market. After continuing to enjoy the film on VHS, I finally bought a DVD player and began to update my movie collection by purchasing DVD's of my favorites. <BR>Titanic was one I couldn't wait to have on DVD. I must say I was never so disappointed in a single DVD purchase as I was with Titanic. <BR>The single DVD contains one trailer and the movie...that's it!! No bonus material at all! But my biggest complaint was the video transfer. For a DVD, it is no better than the VHS tapes, in both video and sound quality. And if you put any zoom on it at all, it goes grainy even with a minimum amount. One would think that for the exorbant price of this DVD it would have been of top-shelf quality. Nothing could be further from the truth! This has to be the worst buy of any DVD in my collection, and I am really disgusted with it because it was one of my all-time favorite films.
0525946284|5.0|This book is great.  I've enjoyed many of Mr. Follett's books. Emailed the author to tell him it would make a great movie, if handled properly.  I also enjoy books by Jack Higgins, Nelson Demille, and David Baldacci, among others.  Check it out.  Cheers! Peace!  MDC
014028009X|5.0|This book is great! I couldn't put it down. There were so many times i thought \\" That is so me! \\".  Every woman should read this book!!!!!
B00000JHAU|5.0|Belle & Sebastian didn't have a major lable to announce them to public, their music did not used on movies or Tv's. But some manias and music magazine paid attention to this group producing tasty vocal, harmonic melodies with poetic and adolescent sensibility. <BR> Their music is beased on folk tradition. And especially Chamber Pop Movement charaterizing themselves sensitive and pastoral melody based on variegated composition and arrangement. <BR> Their music is something like... I can compare this feeling with 'flaming sun in a rainy day'. Sad but cheerful, timid but confidential... their music is so conflicting. I feel this is not a music in a land... and always admire their ability of composition.
630522577X|5.0|Who can resist Audrey Hepburn as Eliza Doolittle? I mean, puh-leez! Her presence is electric, and to see her match wits (or attempt to) with Rex Harrison's Professor Higgins, is pure joy.<br />The songs are funny and catchy, the production values are first rate, and it harkens back to a time when moviemaking was churning out some quality musicals.<br />This film has a special place in my heart as one that I watch time and time again. It never gets old for me.
B00000JHAU|5.0|Belle & Sebastian didn't have a major lable to announce them to public, their music did not used on movies or Tv's. But some manias and music magazine paid attention to this group producing tasty vocal, harmonic melodies with poetic and adolescent sensibility. <BR> Their music is beased on folk tradition. And especially Chamber Pop Movement charaterizing themselves sensitive and pastoral melody based on variegated composition and arrangement. <BR> Their music is something like... I can compare this feeling with 'flaming sun in a rainy day'. Sad but cheerful, timid but confidential... their music is so conflicting. I feel this is not a music in a land... and always admire their ability of composition.
6305132984|5.0|&quot;West Side Story&quot; is obviously a modernized update (for 1961) of &quot;Romeo and Juliet,&quot; but some younger people today snicker at the dancing and singing in the film because it seems so dated to them. Since they have not grown up in an era where film musicals were normal, they do not understand it when they see men dancing and singing. For them, it's silly, questionably entertaining, and maybe even laughable. And to suggest any problems with masculinity by watching this film is outrageous.<br />Let's set the record straight: These people wouldn't know quality filmmaking if it ran them over like a TANK.<br />This film has awesome cinematography, very complex dance numbers, a beautiful score, and a story that intelligent viewers can not only enjoy, but relate to as well.<br />It is a basic story of love that exists despite some serious restrictions. It follows the &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; theme, but it takes some of its own paths.<br />Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer are great as &quot;Maria&quot; and &quot;Tony.&quot; They had a wholesome quality that made the film so popular with kids at the time of it's release.<br />If there is ANYTHING I would recommend to those of you who might scoff at musicals like &quot;West Side Story,&quot; I say this: Try to watch it as if you were living in 1961 yourself. Try to understand what it was like to be a teenager in the city at that time. There wasn't any rap music then. The gangs in the film represented TOTAL COOL to a young audience back then. The actors were peers. They touched a chord with young audiences back then because the struggles of immigrants, and the discontent of others, were real issues.<br />Give the film a break and see it for what it is; A well-crafted film set in a different time, but with issues that still matter to a 21st Century audience. Don't be so quick to dismiss it. You just might enjoy yourself.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a science fiction book about a little genius boy named Ender Wiggins, and the world of military training and 'games' that he finds himself thrown into. This was recommended to me by a friend, and though I was hesitant at first, once i started it I couldn't put it down. Orson Scott Card's style of writing captivates the reader, and you feel yourself being drawn to Ender, and experiencing events the way he does. The ending is terrific - I won't give it away - but it dosen't ruin the book when you're reading it for the 2nd or 3rd time. I highly recommend Ender's Game, and i'm not normally a person who's a fan of science fiction or fantasy.
B000002B1M|5.0|i listen to swollen, beatnuts, wutang, everyone. but this is one of the, if not the best, cds ive ever heard. u can't call your self a hip hopper if u dont have this cd.
B000050XEI|4.0|The music is really good but not as inspired as her previous work. Enya sticks to the same good formula for most of her songs except for some good exceptions : &quot;Lazy Days&quot; and &quot;One by One&quot;. Tempus Vernum is quite an unexpected surprise : a dark celtic<BR>goth-like song (coming from Enya, it feels like a slap in the face from a trusted friend). Among my favorite songs on this<BR>album are &quot;Pilgrim&quot;, &quot;Wild Child&quot;, &quot;Lazy Days&quot;, &quot;Only Time&quot; and &quot;One By One&quot;<br />I like the CD, it is quite relaxing but somehow it doesn't lift me up as Shepherd Moon did.
B000000993|5.0|This is a hands down classic album.  Although not as experimental as nima or Lateralus, it showcases TOOL's truly original sound.  Wonderful musicians with much creativity to them.  Danny is one of the greatest drummers to ever pick up sticks,, no doubt about it, and him and Justin work together really well as a rhythm section (check out Lateralus for those two at their tightest and most unique yet!)  Bottom line, it's a creepy album with depth and each song is able to pull something out of you.  SEE THEM LIVE!!!  UNBE-F***IN-LIEVABLE!
0783219598|5.0|Funny, lyrical, visually sumptuous, compellingly written and, above all, wise, &quot;Babe&quot; must be hailed as a film classic.  A coming of age film set in a barnyard, a magical, gifted pig steals our hearts and easily makes us believers!  You will fall in love with the movie, both its humans and animals, and be knocked out by its innovative filmmaking.  This is animation at its best, a realistic 3-dimensional fully realized vision that transports and entertains us every step of the way.  <br />This original is light, airy and breezy, though not without its insightful moments and life lessons.  It's also markedly different from its follow-up - the commercially disappointing, but equally eloquent triumph &quot;Babe - Pig in the City&quot;.  &quot;Pig&quot; is moodier and darker - an edgy unexpectedly surreal vision (and still BRILLIANT AS WELL!)  This is the underdog (in th is case the under-pig) movie of all time - equal parts magic and tonic.  I say - PIG OUT!
0380796090|4.0|The book is great fun.  The characters are vivid, the humor wicked and the pace of the book is frenetic.  If some of the plot elements are a bit predictable--and they are--no one will care as the vitality of the story and the writing overwhelm whatever minor flaws the book suffers from.<br />This strikes me as the ultimate &quot;chick&quot; book similar to Nick Hornby's High Fidelity being the ultimate &quot;guy&quot; book.  Both are exceedingly funny and can be read by &quot;the other side&quot; and still be apprciated and enjoyed immensely.<br />A fast, easy enjoyable read.  Take it with you on a plane trip--this book will relieve the unending tedium that travel now entails. Or better yet--give it to your significant other as a gift at Valentine's Day or a birthday.  You can't go wrong.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|For the reviewer below who mentions they'd &quot;rather eat needles&quot; than experience Moulin Rouge, I say ... send your ideas to Baz for his next flick.  This is a sensational, one-of-a-kind period piece that actually requires attention, some appreciation of pop culture, and a willingness on the audience's part to go along for what is admittedly, a wild heck-of-a-ride.  Anyone who doesn't like it would be well advised to stay away from anything remotely related to Bob Fosse, not to mention incoherent-but-brilliant classics like Apocalypse Now, anything Python, or 2001: A SPace Odessey.  Landmark films rarely generate unanimous praise AND audience acceptance - instead, divide the audience into camps, conquering its proponents and infuriating its detractors.  If nothing else, it makes great dinner conversation and can be contemplated on so many levels, no two perceptions will ever be alike.<br />Come to think of it, eating needles doesn't seem like a bad idea...I wonder whether Baz thought of it?
B000003489|5.0|I first heard the music of John Coltrane in the Long Beach St. media library, where, as a student, I would go in and spin the albums of Coltrane, Parker, Davis, and Monk. I became enthralled with Coltrane's &quot;Live at Birdland&quot; recording, and I was deeply affected by the passion he put into playing the saxophone. Soon after I bought the only Coltrane album I could find in the record store, namely &quot;Giant Steps&quot; (also the first jazz album I ever bought), hoping to hear that same drive and passion. Although at the time I knew very little about jazz, I knew I had a special album on my hands. Coltrane's solos just blew me away, in that they seemed so spontaneous and intricate, but at the same time mathematical, as if each note represented the solution to a musical problem. Moreover, the beauty of the melodies made it obvious that he benefitted greatly from playing with Miles Davis and Thelonious Monk for a number of years before making this be it his first recording with Coltrane originals. All in all it seemed like very unique and powerful stuff for a guy like me who was raised on pop music all his life, but was reaching out for something more creative and honest. Fourteen years later I cannot say that this recording makes it to my cd player more frequently than other Coltrane classics, such as &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; or &quot;Blue Trane, but I still enjoy hearing it, and even have a better appreciation for the one ballad &quot;Naima&quot; which often brings me to tears. In addition to the sideman work he did with the Miles Davis Quintet, Giant Steps represents a good place to begin enjoying John Coltrane's music.
B00005QIPH|1.0|These guys are hyped as &quot;springing from the NY club scene.&quot; Well, I live in NY. Almost all my friends are, if not in bands themselves, then avid followers of the local punk, garage, psychobilly and related music scenes. The first anyone I know heard of The Strokes is that they were signed to a major and they were being pushed as the next Big Thing. They have nothing to do with the scene here. They're basically just young kids whose parents have good connections in the record industry. There are dozens of unsigned, unheralded bands in NY who blow these kids away. Seek out those bands. Ignore this pale imitation of rock.
6305609705|1.0|By the year 1979, cinema had evolved much. We no longer had shameful racial stereotypes (Breakfast at Tiffany's) and we no longer had unnecessary animal cruelty/killing (all those old westerns where the horses are tripped, often breaking their backs).    Enter Francis Ford Coppola. He issues a horroble step backward in cinematic--and I daresay HUMAN--evolution by returning to the ages of animal cruelty and killing for entertainment. In GODFATHER, he had a real live horse decapitated. In APOCALYPSE NOW he had a real live water buffalo decapitated. What is it with this man and animal decapitations?    People invariably respond in one of two ways. Either they are horribly put off (as I am), or they say \\"well, we eat cows, so what's wrong with hacking up a buffalo for our entertainment?\\"    The difference is this: one is for survival. The other is for fun.    And that's all I'll say. Those of you who agree with me, please stand up for your beliefs. Don't pad Coppola's pockets with your $14.95. Steal the movie, pirate it, or just don't bother. Send a clear message to arrogant directors that there are such things as special effects, animatronics and props that will acheive the same degree of realism without loss of life. Don't subsidize this kind of trash any longer.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Not going to get verbose on this.  Disc one is dark, musically and lyrically.  as a friend of mine put it, &quot;they have finally done away with the niceties&quot; on this one.  Disc two is excellent as well. If anything, LaBrie's voice is best on this effort because he isn't dwelling in the high end of his register.  Looking forward to catching these cats in March in New York.<br />Go get the disc(s)!
B00005U1YO|5.0|This album is one of the best chem bros one since dig your own hole . When you start listen to it , you feel yourself diving in a new world . You can see the chem bros have changed , and for better. <br />For those who love chem bros , you wont be disapointed . <BR>For those who dont know them , its the perfect time to tune in .<BR>And for those who think their sound is too commercial , try this one... you would be surprised.<br />LG
B00005UEAR|4.0|This album is classic Dream theater. Once again the band is able to take their progressive rock style and cover such relevant topics as mental illness and stem cell research. Through words, metal, and melody they are able to deliver their message. Dream Theater has once again put out a high quality album. This may not be their best work, but it's far from their worst. If you like what you've heard from DT so far, then &quot;Six Degrees...&quot; is definitely worth purchasing.
B00003CXXR|4.0|This third entry in the Michael Crichton-inspired dinosaur series is the first of these not directed by Steven Spielberg (he having gone on to do the more ambitious A.I.: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE). Instead, Spielberg left it in the hands of director Joe Johnston (JUMANJI, OCTOBER SKY) and served only as executive producer. Though the suspense that was very prominent in the first two JURASSIC films is less palpable here, the dinosaurs are every bit as spectacular and frightening as ever.<br />The film involves Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) once again having to come face to face with genetically engineered dinosaurs, only this time at the behest of an estranged couple (William H. Macy, Tea Leoni) whose son has disappeared on Isla Sorna, a.k.a. Site 'B', some 200 miles west of Costa Rica. There, they and a few others must find the couple's son (Trevor Howard) and stay alive long enough to get off the island. In-between, they encounter every kind of dinosaur they can and cannot imagine, including a Spinosaurus.<br />Johnston, who also served as aerial design director on Spielberg's unjustly maligned 1989 film ALWAYS, directs JURASSIC PARK III efficiently enough; nothing is taken away by pointing out that he isn't Spielberg. John Williams' famailiar JURASSIC PARK themes make an appearance on the soundtrack, which otherwise features a wholly original score by Don Davis. Featuring a cameo by Laura Dern, repeating her role as Ellie Sattler, and enough hair-raising moments to satisfy, JURASSIC PARK III is not quite at the level of its two predecessors, but it also isn't a terrible film by any means.
6302038308|5.0|Little do people know that this movie is the sequal.  Most think it's a redo of the first.  But if you notice it takes place on the second night and not the first and might have a similar begining but the real story begins on the second night.  This movie is amazing creative and filled with fun and scary plus comedy on a very dark level.  This should be on everyon'e top ten list
0385505833|4.0|Well, I guess all the John Grisham fans might find this story so totally outside his usual genre, that they won't like it, but I really enjoyed it. It's a cute, funny story that left me laughing, feeling good and even plotting how to pull it off, successfully!<br /><br />Skipping Christmas, when considered immediately after the Holiday, is a very attractive concept! And, of course I can see all the mistakes Luther and Nora Krank made. Maybe, just maybe, it can be done.<br /><br />The story starts a little slow and seems a bit repetetive for the first half of the book, but come Christmas Eve, the action (and the laughs) pick up considerably. It all sounds so simple at first. Luther's and Nora's daughter is off to the far lands for Christmas and for the first time, they will have the Holiday to themselves. Under the emotional stress of this big change, Luther, an accountant, can't sleep and decides to total up the costs of last Christmas. $6100!  What a waste! The genius latches onto the notion that the whole thing can be done without and Nora gets taken in by the idea. Unfortunately, neighbors, Boy Scouts, merchants, and miscellaneous other charities, business associates and friends, see this as more of a personal insult than a great idea! The pressure builds. Every day brings some new test to the Kranks' resolve. But Luther is determined to get on that cruise boat, if it costs him every relationship he has. The deeper he digs in his heels the funnier it gets.<br /><br />Skipping Christmas is clever, witty and the way it both appeals and repels is really interesting. It was a good read!
B00003CXA2|1.0|Shamelessly manipulative pap.
0061020710|1.0|Pratchett's Discworld is supposedly so humorous he has written 26 novels thus far, but the only thing truly funny about The Colour of Magic is how anybody has enjoyed it.  The story has absolutely no direction and comes across as a blatant attempt at irrelevant humor of a Monty Python kind, succeeding pathetically.  One of the worst books I've ever read.
B00005RFQ5|4.0|he would be proud of Prince , because if I did not know Prince , my first thought about this recording is that it came from Zappa's vaults . Anyway , Prince has been Zappaish on and off since Sign of D Times . My only inconvenience is the Lowwwwwwww voice , I could do without it , othewise a perfectly wise comeback for Prince .
B000050FEN|5.0|Top-notch thriller that falls neatly into the mold of &quot;The Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman star as two cops who couldn't be bothered with each other, but they team up to find a warped serial killer.  On the surface, &quot;Seven&quot; looks like a typical buddy-cop flick with a high body count, but it offers much more.  Director David Fincher builds the suspense to an incredible climax that must be seen to be believed.  The picture is as crisp as it gets and the 5.1 surround sound also stands out.  Of all the extra features that are found on disc two, the deleted scenes are the real treat.  Pay attention to the scene that involves the sin &quot;Pride;&quot; it is far gorier and more graphic than the version we saw in theatres.  If you can stomach the violence and you have an appetite for a great thriller, then you can't go wrong with this one.  Turn off the lights, and hold onto something.
B00005QATY|1.0|I am totally shocked now that your telling me that the same guys who did Raising Arizona did this film? This film has really no mission like another reviewer pointed out what is that strange cult like group moving through the forest? I got so lost while viewing this film it was slow, boring, stupit, and worst of all the movie was like a stale pretzel! Not only that the acting was terrible in it and not to mention very annoying. Please enough of this O Brother stuff I have seen the movie it stunk! I have heard the soundtrack that was worse than feeling sick which to this day I will never know why the hype on that was so amazing on that boring music. CMT has devoted a week to honoring this movie and this kind of old stiff music. I really do not think a soundtrack or a really bad movie could get any more annoying!  It is always the worst movies and worst soundtracks that get the coverage Why? O Brother Where art thou is stiff, Boring, Uncool, Unhip, and only thing it has going for it is George Clooney!
6303477259|4.0|I had the pleasure of attending one of the Earls Court shows and this video is as close as you're going to get to seeing them in the flesh (excuse the pun). <br />Almost everything here is spot on with special nods going to Sorrow, Keep Talking and Another Brick Part 2 Which are the BEST performances of said songs you will ever hear (Tim Renwick's solo on Another brick is awesome!). The ONLY real downers are Brain Damage/Eclipse which Dave just can't do right. Only Roger can do a decent version of thoes two. But it's a small blemish on an otherwise perfect landscape. <br />Visually you couldn't ask for more eye candy. The lasers are on par with the likes of Jean Michelle Jarre. And as for the liquid slide projections....WOW!. The only visual treat the video CAN'T do justice to is the giant mirrorball used in Comfortably Numb's final solo. You really have to see this in real life to truly appreciate it. But it still looks pretty impressive on here.<br />Keep in mind you're getting a live rendition of the WHOLE of Dark Side Of The Moon. And add to that the excellent version of one Of These Days which is absent from the CD version. Considering what gilmour and Co have said about the possibility of future tours no Floydian has any real excuse NOT to have this one in their collection.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|Too wild and scenes too busy. Can't keep my head from spinning. It is definitely different but can't say I enjoyed it. Just could not keep laughing at each other and thinking &quot;Why are we watching this?&quot;
1878424319|5.0|My thoughts continue to evolve about an axis of two books I have read recently. For those of you who read books (a vanishing breed it seems to me) they are, _The Four Agreements_ and _Getting Real_. In some ways I think these books compliment each other perfectly. In Getting Real we have a practical way of living life after you accept The Four Agreements (TFA). I don't know if the authors know each other but that is how I view their books.<br />In any case, TFA is an interesting take on the concepts I have long held regarding the Universe but it expands on them and as such was really an amazing book to read. The things I already knew about life and my place in it were not very helpful in making me a happy person but Ruiz has put together a suggested framework where one CAN be happy when you know what \\"we\\" know. For myself I see Getting Real as one way of implementing parts of the Four Agreements. Let me try to explain briefly...as if that is possible.<br />In the TFA, Ruiz is essentially making the case that life, as we know it, is a dream. Further, he makes the powerful assertion that the current world we live in is embroiled in a dream of hell (for reasons related to the four agreements). He suggests we need not die to go to hell because we are already there. I tend to agree. Through his Four Agreements a method wherein we can walk through this hell and be unaffected is put forward. In some ways I think his way of looking at this is dangerous because it _can_ create truly self-centered monsters who believe they are God of the universe. That may not even be a false assertion but how many people are evolved enough to handle that kind of power and not make the rest of us miserable in the process? I think he underestimates, somewhat, the role other people play in our dream of the world. To say we can live a life utterly unaffected by others...well I don't quite like it or buy it.  Perhaps it is too \\"Ivory Tower\\" for my sensabilities.<br />That, I believe, is where Getting Real comes in. In this book the author, whose name escapes me, suggests a method for getting closer to the people in your life by being authentic with others regarding your feelings, thoughts, emotions. I have actually used some of the techniques in the book and they have worked beyond my expectations so I know it is a useful text but it is the kind of book you have to read for yourself. It is not easy reading and has several exercises to help one Get Real.<br />In any case, I think if you combine the two books what you get is a framework for accepting the truths Ruiz puts forward (that I tend to agree with) with a practical method for living with your fellow humans that does not downgrade them to the level of mere bit players in an external dream of hell. I'd recommend reading Illusions Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, then The Four Agreements and then Getting Real. Getting Real is last because it is the toughest book to get through (at least it was for me). Illusions is an interesting and fun book and will be a painless introduction to the concepts underlying TFA.<br />...I am torn.  On the one hand I can understand how this book is \\"incomplete\\" and I think Ruiz acknowledges that by writing a companion book.  But at the same time, for a person already thinking about these truths Ruiz speaks of, it is a great extension/angle of looking at them.  If you were already asking \\"What is the matrix?\\" then this is a great addition to your library.  If you disliked the book maybe this is all too new to you and I'd strongly suggest you read the books I suggested in the order I suggested.  If you have lots of time you can even start with the writings of St. Thomas Aquinas.ting Real comes in. In this book the author, whose name escapes me, suggests a method for getting closer to the people in your life by being authentic with others regarding your feelings, thoughts, emotions. I have actually used some of the techniques in the book and they have worked beyond my expectations so I know it is a useful text but it is the kind of book you have to read for yourself. It is not easy reading and has several exercises to help one Get Real.<br />In any case, I think if you combine the two books what you get is a framework for accepting the truths Ruiz puts forward (that I tend to agree with) with a practical method for living with your fellow humans that does not downgrade them to the level of mere bit players in an external dream of hell. I'd recommend reading Illusions Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, then The Four Agreements and then Getting Real. Getting Real is last because it is the toughest book to get through (at least it was for me). Illusions is an interesting and fun book and will be a painless introduction to the concepts underlying TFA.<br />...I am torn.  On the one hand I can understand how this book is \\"incomplete\\" and I think Ruiz acknowledges that by writing a companion book.  But at the same time, for a person already thinking about these truths Ruiz speaks of, it is a great extension/angle of looking at them.  If you were already asking \\"What is the matrix?\\" then this is a great addition to your library.  If you disliked the book maybe this is all too new to you and I'd strongly suggest you read the books I suggested in the order I suggested.  If you have lots of time you can even start with the writings of St. Thomas Aquinas.
B00005U1YO|5.0|Magnfico lbum de los Chemical, con un gran gusto para el uso nuevos sonidos mezclados con sonidos tradicionales, este disco es para todos los pblicos, tanto amantes del acid jazz como del funk, el pop o el rock. Si te gusta la msica electrnica este es tu lbum.
B000002GB6|5.0|There are very few CDs I've listened to where every song on the album has been amazing.  (Pearl Jam-TEN, Lenny Kravitz-MAMA SAID, U2-THE JOSHUA TREE, Dave Matthews-CRASH, etc.)  This is definitely one of those CDs.  If you don't have it yet, please do yourself a favor and get it.  Regardless of what type of music you listen to, I absolutely guarantee you will love this album.  The more you listen to it, the more you'll love each song.  I played the original vinyl album to death and I just bought the CD.
B00005OAIE|5.0|This CD is Spectacular.  For fans of Dave Matthews Band, Oar, Dispatch, Guster etc, this guy is the next big thing.  I mean his music and lyrics and just amazing.  BUY THIS CD-NO MORE ARGUMENT-GET IT NOW!
630027120X|5.0|This movie is one of the best ever made. It has everything: a superb cast, superb cinematography, superb music, and a superb story. The story, while perhaps not as historically accurate as some might like, is a sublime allegory of the multiple conflicts arising from man's (fallen or sinful) condition and how various sorts of men deal with them individually and institutionally. The theological dilemmas and implications (again, on both the individual and institutional levels) are, for the Christian, exquisite. But even the non-Christian cynic, existentialist, or humanist must find this film incredibly provocative - if not downright profound - as well.
B00004YKUY|1.0|As stated in my earlier review.. This band was great in the early to mid 70's w/o Steve Perry and w/ him. But after Frontiers they have done nothing worth noting. If there are those who would disagree and there are those. Just check out how fast this album sank after it's release and how fast they have put yet another Greatest Hits cd out.  Steve Augeri is a very talented vocalist. But this band no longer has it. And I had said that they are playing to much smaller crowds then ever before. They may sell out some places here and there, but a vast majortiy of the venues are half full which has caused them to put up a curtain to make it seem like the crowd is bigger than it was. Hence the Syracuse carrier dome which they had sold out before, but barely got it half full after 2 thousand seats were given away... I will always love this band. But for the sake of the great memories, just go your seperate ways....
B00003CWL6|4.0|I appreciate this new style movie.<br />All the people in this film are perverse. And many Americans in the real world share the perversion. It's the reason why this satire became so popular.<br />What makes me uncomfortable is the popularity. I hope it should have been recognized as an artistic work or a cult movie.
B0000584V3|5.0|I shall not repeat what has been already written elsewhere but reading how many people have bought this and then gone on to buy Opeth's entire back catalogue gives you some idea just how good this band and their music are. How many other bands have YOU done that for? There is no hint of sensationalism or hype when I tell you that this is up there with other classics of the genre such as 'Master of Puppets', 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath', 'Into the Pandemonium' and 'Songs of Faith and Devotion'. I can only begin to imagine what their next LP will be like !!
6302969352|5.0|The Seven Samurai, is one of the most well known and best-loved films of the critically acclaimed director Akira Kurosawa. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, two British Academy Awards, and won the Venice film festival's Silver Lion. Kurosawa is arguably one of the most influential figures in cinema, inspiring Star Wars, The Dirty Dozen, A Fistful of Dollars, and innumerable Westerns. The Seven Samurai is one of Kurosawa's most accomplished films, and is also contains one of Toshiro Mifune's best screen performances.<br />But these are reasons to write a film studies paper about The Seven Samurai.<br />You should watch The Seven Samurai because it is one of the best action films of all time, while simultaneously an accomplishment of many other aspects of other modern film genres.<br />The Seven Samurai is the original action movie, the original modern war movie, the original buddy film, the original martial arts movie. It's a coming of age story, a romance, and a comedy. It's the precursor of Saving Private Ryan and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. It's Toshiro Mifune with a giant katana, hamming it up. While you could watch The Seven Samurai because its beautifully photographed, superbly paced, and engagingly written, you should come because its cool, moving, serious, and funny, all at the same time. <br />And it has Toshiro Mifune with a giant katana.
B00003CXCT|5.0|To misappropriate an old quote: a person who doesn't like Star Wars doesn't like life.<br />What is there not to love? Star Wars is perfection in celluloid form, a gourmet blend of comic books, pulp sci-fi novels, soap operas, westerns, swashbucklers, sword and sorcery, the Wizard of Oz, and the best of our own cultural mythologies. As a result, it's one of the few \\"space\\" movies where being a science fiction nut is not a prerequisite to enjoying the film.<br />To call Star Wars \\"technically innovative\\" is an understatement for the effect it had on audiences in 1977. No one had ever seen anything like Star Wars before: when I saw it for the first time that year as a 10-year-old, my mouth dropped open within the first five seconds of the movie and didn't shut until well after the final credits. It must have been the same feeling for audiences the first time a \\"talkie\\" replaced a silent film -- sheer, unadulterated joy at seeing something that had never been seen before. <br />I saw Star Wars in the theatre a good 25 times on its initial run, and it never lost one iota of its power and fascination for me, or for the rest of the audience, who applauded after each showing, even after it had been playing for well over a year. <br />In fact, Star Wars just seemed to get better -- and more real -- with each viewing. Although everyone knew that it was \\"only a movie\\", what kid didn't want to live on Tatooine, and join the Rebel Alliance to go after the evil Empire? To this day, there is an entire \\"Star Wars generation\\" who can't pick a stick up off the ground without thinking of the sound a lightsaber makes.<br />And that's part of the fun of watching Star Wars today. Not only does the film have the power to transport you to that galaxy far, far away, it's become so ingrained in our cultural consiousness, it's impossible not to also be transported back to childhood and the first time you were ever mesmerized by that giant Imperial Star Destroyer as it swooped down from the top of the screen.<br />Star Wars' story is deceptively simple. The good guys fight the bad guys for control of the galaxy and get in and out of scrapes along the way. Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill are the prince charmings, Princess Leia is the damsel in distress (with attitude), Ben \\"Obi-Wan\\" Kenobi is the father figure, and R2-D2 and C-3P0 are the comic relief. <br />The film's grandeur, however, is mostly in the details. Starting the series at \\"Episode IV\\" was a great way to build buzz for Episodes I to III a good 20 years before they'd even be a glimmer in Lucas' eye, but it was also something more. It gave the film an instant \\"history\\" -- that we were unaware of that history made the \\"mystery\\" of Episodes I to III that much more compelling.<br />The worn-out look of the spacecraft and vehicles only added to that mysterious sense of history. The X-Wing fighters looked like they'd been kit-bashed from nine or 10 different spacecraft and Luke's landspeeder reminds me of the 1977 Chevy Nova I drove in high school: pretty in its day, but well past its prime by the time I got my hands on it. <br />Nowhere is the scope of George Lucas' vision more vividly presented than in Star Wars' famous cantina scene, which features aliens of all shapes and sizes, some drinking, some fighting, some falling in love, and some just hanging around -- one look, and you know the possibilities in the Star Wars universe are as big as the universe itself. <br />Star Wars is one of the few films ever made that's at once artistic and entertaining, ground-breaking and familiar, critically acclaimed and popular. With apologies to Cats: Star Wars is now and forever.
B0000584V3|4.0|This is my first Opeth CD, and boy howdy.  When Norweigian metal can play with soft and heavy music and keep itself credible is a mean feat.  Jazzy, hard, emotional.  There is nothing I can say about this album to make it clear that if you like metal, you must own this CD whenever possible. <br />Standout tracks: &quot;Bleak&quot;, &quot;Drapery Falls&quot;, &quot;Dirge For November&quot;.
B00004WG2X|1.0|I found this adaptation lacking.  I failed to see any real emotion portrayed by any of the characters, and especially that of Mr. Darcy.  What a stone face!<br />I enjoyed the A&amp;E version of P&amp;P so much that I watched it 3 times the first weekend I saw it.  I have since considered it the most excellent movie of my acquaintance!
B00004T8RK|4.0|... Let's go through the songs...<BR>1. Breakerfall...This song is completely amazing, and probably underrated on this album. It flies by you so fast when listening to it, as it clockls in at a mere 2:30 minutes. The song is a powerhouse of energy though, and can bring any live show back to life.<BR>2. God's Dice...This song follows the hail, hail tradition of many chord changes very quickly. This, too, works better live, and is usually used at the beginning of the set to pump things up, which it does wonderfully. Listen to it again.<BR>3. Evacuation...alkl i can say, here it at the tampa 2000 show.<BR>4. Light Years...This song, at first, was a little remenicent of In Hiding from yield (their new anthem rock sound...a little more subdued and musical). This is the most radio friendly of the tracks, and in a way, is a little dissapointing because of the powerful lyrics with boring music. The verses are essentially D chord after D chord.<BR>5. Nothing as it seems...the song is also a little troublsome. It's a real downer, actually, and though it stands well on its own, is not a great song to match any other song. At shows, they usually plop it somewhere in the middle of the first set, as there is no other place for it. But listen for great Mccready work, as well as great production (kudos to Tchad Blake)<BR>6. Thin Air....One of the few love songs written by Pealr jam. Nice and simple, also somewhat radio friendly. A little sappy, but still a mood lifter, and in an especially wierd place after NAIS. It's like the light coming out from the darkness.<BR>7. Insignificance...One of the two Vedder Rockers (as i like to call  them) on this cd, as it seems he wrote them. it is the better of the two, especially when played right at the concerts. All in all powerful and dramatic, as Vedder usually is, with a good bridge with note jumping by gossard.<BR>8. Of the girl...somewhat lost between Insignif. and Grievance, but nonetheless a great track. Really cathy fiffs as well as ascorchingly moody song. Ed Vedders vpcals really shine on this one. Saw it live at the Bridge School Benefit and it was great. Listen hard, and you can hear a coin dropping sound effect in the background.<BR>9. Grievance...the saecond of the Vedder rockers...shorter than the other one and not so powerful. Good live thougjh, and like god's dice, it is usually used at the beginning of sets to pump things up, which it does.<BR>10. rival...can't help dancing to this one. It's a wonderfully catchy and almost circus-like tune, withakind of a dark hidden message including Columbine. Ed's vocals are great on this one too, as well as the piano arrangements. <BR>11. Sleight of hand...by far the best on the album. The song reaches such emotional and melodic crechendos it almost feels like a burst of emotion just exploding. Wonderful everything...especially production. <BR>12. Soon forget...ed's ukelele song on the album. Good lyrics, a little forgettable (ironic, eh?)<BR>13. Parting Ways...like sleight of hand,a slo an emotional powerhouse with great string arangements (including matt cameron's, the god given drummer's, wife ont eh cello). A good album closer, and when played live is that much better. The band adds all kinds of cool feedback and noises with their guitars. <BR>       So, all in all this is a great a lbum, and i highly recommend it to music lovers and pearl jam fans alike. If you're looking for the old days, forget it, you lef tthe pealr jam train after no code. I just can't wait for the next studio album.
B00000JTB2|5.0|What can any blues fanatic say about these two? Put them in<BR>the same room and look out. Vaughan and King .... it just doesn't<BR>come at better than this. BEWARE ... when you spin up this CD<BR>you had better be wearing a seatbelt 'cause these two will blow<BR>you right out of that chair. If you don't get the chills and<BR>golf sized goosebumps all over your body when listening to this<BR>CD then it would be wise to check your pulse.<br /> Buy it - play it - and listen to two of the best do their thing.
B00005U1YO|3.0|The Chemicals new album is a total departure for them.  Gone are those awesome sampled breakbeats, in place are cookie cutter dance beats a la Daft Punk.  Also gone are those rock and funk samples replaced with warped out electronic sounds.  For the most part if the cd wasn't labeled, I don't think I'd be able to guess it was the Chemicals!  Now, with all this change it doesn't necessarily make this a bad album, quite opposite actually.  It's quite good, just a huge departure from their old sound.  I'd say if you enjoyed Galaxy Bounce from the Tomb Raider Soundtrack then for the most part you will like this album.  Beth Orton makes a come back and brit pop boy Ashcroft from the defunct The Verve.
B00005UEAR|4.0|I have been a Dream Theater fan for nearly two years now, and have every album in their collection.  I got this preordered, and have listened to this album three times now.  Honestly, this album is not an improvement on their previous masterpiece.  However, it is a must for anyone who enjoys heavy music that throws you for a loop every now and again.<br />&quot;Glass Prison&quot;: Heavier than their usual want, reminding me a lot of Black Sabbath.<br />&quot;Blind Faith&quot;: Placeholder track to showcase solos. Most people won't listen to this track for lyrical content or vocal melody.<br />&quot;Misunderstood&quot;: Hit and miss. Starts out soft and pretty, but rock kicks in as everything else does and ends in an annoying wah-pedal climax.<br />&quot;Great Debate&quot;: Standout track, much like &quot;Voices&quot; was for Awake.<br />&quot;Disappear&quot;: A welcome soft departure to close out the first disc, again reminiscent of Awake's &quot;Space Dye Vest&quot;.<br />Six Degrees of Seperation Suite: Skip Overture.  This is the worst instrumental they've ever done.  It makes you wonder if Emerson of ELP wrote it.  Listen to the rest for good clean rock-out fun.<br />Again, if you're a DT fan, I recommend getting this disc ASAP.  If you're not familiar with them, get Metropolis Pt. II or Images And Words.
B00004X01U|5.0|My infatuation with Madonna first began in the summer of 1985, at the mature age of 10. I am an avid listener to all genres of music but very few musicians in my oppinion posses Madonna's sheer talent. Music is possibly Madonna's Best album to date (Ray of Light...rings in stiff competition) from start to breathtaking finish this album will enthrall you. Music the opening track pulsates, and rushes its beauty derived from its chaos. Impressive instant the 2nd track on the album is a masterpiece, it embodies the sheer force and vision of the entire album. Other stand outs include the ProGay/ProFemale ballad What it feels like for a girl, and the country jitterbug jamboree Don't tell me. <BR>This album is essential for the headphone listener it will get you high. If You already Enjoy this album May Sugest the following Madonna- Ray of Light, Cyndi Lauper- Sisters of Avalon, Prodigy- Fat of the Land, Moby- play and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans- Night Songs
6300267997|1.0|Or  A Star Is Boring.Being a fan of the three previous versions (Before the Gaynor version ,there was a film called &quot;What Price Hollywood&quot; that contained many  of the elements that we think of as A Star Is Born), as well as a fan of Striesand's I went to the film's premire in NYC back in 76 hoping to be blown away .Instead was just appalled at how uninvolving this turkey was.On the other hand I've enjoyed the soundtrack album over the years, so I tried to watch the film again recently.Lowered expectations didn't help.Now it's not only boring but dated as well.If they really wanted to update the story for the 70's Barbra should have played the Norman Maine role.I think this film ties with Dino DeLaurentis' big monkey movie as the worst remake ever.Even the musical remake of Lost Horizon looks good by comparison
B00000JTB2|5.0|What can any blues fanatic say about these two? Put them in<BR>the same room and look out. Vaughan and King .... it just doesn't<BR>come at better than this. BEWARE ... when you spin up this CD<BR>you had better be wearing a seatbelt 'cause these two will blow<BR>you right out of that chair. If you don't get the chills and<BR>golf sized goosebumps all over your body when listening to this<BR>CD then it would be wise to check your pulse.<br /> Buy it - play it - and listen to two of the best do their thing.
B00005AQGH|5.0|This is by far the greatest CD in rap nevermind made by 2pac this beats any CD I've ever purchased.  There is so much emotion put into this CD by 2pac on songs like Bomb First, Against All Odds he lashes out against his enemies.  Songs like White Manz World and Hold ya head he shows his compassion.  On Toss it up he shows his partying side.  Hail Mary and Blasphemy show his all around great skills as a rapper which has helped secured his spot as The Greatest Rapper of All time for the past 6-7 years even after his death.
B00005U1YO|5.0|Tension and Release, tension and release, repeat.  The Chemical Brothers once again have left me amazed.  Incredible crescendos that are so tense your toes curl only to be followed by a giant crash after which everything makes sense again.
0823003035|5.0|I found this book to be extremely useful in describing how to get proper proportions and shading.  This information can be applied to any type of drawing, not just figures.  For proportion, you draw a box-type outline around the complete item and then a contour drawing is done.  Shading takes care of the inside of the item.  Shading has a light side that has shades from light to light-dark, a terminator which is the darkest portion inbetween the light side and the shadow side and then the shadow side which is lighter than the terminator because of reflected light.  Beautiful figure drawings are included.
B000002UE1|5.0|The Grand Funk Railroad was a band that constantly reinvented themselves, almost with each album. At the beginning there were considered a Heavy Metal band (White Noise) of course even that part of there career has been reclassified as classic hard rock because of what Metal music has advanced too but it cannot be said that GFR is at least not a grandfather of Heavy Metal. GFR's first two albums On Time and Grand Funk (what we GFR Fanatics call The Red Album) were extremely heavy and somewhat simplistic (also GREAT). So when Closer To Home Came out it singled a change. Now this \\"heavy Metal Band\\" is showing the ability to change and showing versatility and more sophisticated lyrics. Closer to home is more of a blues based album there GFRs pervious efforts and It also contains GFR magus Opus (Best song) in my opinion I'm Your Captain Closer To Home. Its wonderful song and singer Songwriter Mark Farner said it came to him in a dream and that he believe God gave him this song to be meaningful to people. It has been meaningful to me for over 30 years now and to millions of others as well. The song is just a beautiful blend of melodic Guitar chords (Mark Farner) a great lead bass line (Mel Schacher) and wonderful drumming along (Don Brewer) with great lead vocals by Mark and wonderful Harmonies between Mark and Don, take all that and include a great orchestra blended and you have an all time rock classic. Closer to Home is worth the price just for I'm Your Captain Closer To Home alone, but that is not all. This album is great from start to finish. Sin's a Good Man's Brother is a hard rocker with an infectious groove. Aimless Lady a cool Bluesy rocker. Nothing is the same showed more sophistication in lyric writing for the young band and it rocks as well. Mean Mistreater and is slow down for the band a bluesy song crying out for lost love. Get it together is a fun (mostly) instrumental a nice grove provided by the rhythm section and some nice guitar chops at the end. Hooked On Love has that Gospel feel that influences much rock n roll from the 60s and early 70s, a typical we got to have Love song and a very good one. And Finally I'm Your Captian/Closer to home which is GFRs magus opus as I said previously. IYC/CTH is one of rock n rolls classic songs and its simply a beautiful songs. Coming form GFR such a heavy band at the time it was a big surprise. This album shows GFR still with gritty power but also shows striking maturity for the three young man, Mel, Don and Mark. This is one of Rock N Roll's classic hard rock album by one of Classic Rock's best bands. I would recommend this album to any hard rock/rock fan and any metal fan who wants to see the beginnings of modern hard rock and metal.ed On Love has that Gospel feel that influences much rock n roll from the 60s and early 70s, a typical we got to have Love song and a very good one. And Finally I'm Your Captian/Closer to home which is GFRs magus opus as I said previously. IYC/CTH is one of rock n rolls classic songs and its simply a beautiful songs. Coming form GFR such a heavy band at the time it was a big surprise. This album shows GFR still with gritty power but also shows striking maturity for the three young man, Mel, Don and Mark. This is one of Rock N Roll's classic hard rock album by one of Classic Rock's best bands. I would recommend this album to any hard rock/rock fan and any metal fan who wants to see the beginnings of modern hard rock and metal.
B0000020C4|5.0|If you love Les Miserables then you will love this recording. With Colm Wilkinson giving brilliant renditions of who am I? and bring him home and also the amazing vocals of Lea Salonga singing on my own and A little fall of rain, you will finish listening to this in tears. Truly the producer and directors of this show picked the best cast ever to perform Les Miserables. The ultimate DREAM cast!!!!!
0767802489|1.0|I was on a waiting list for the original version of this film, my favorite.  Suddenly, I'm sent a new copy of The Director's Cut, which I already have?
B00005LOUS|5.0|My two year old daughter loved this movie.  I had her sit down and watch it one time with me and from then on that is all she wanted to watch.  We are still watching it at least 3 times a week!!  I recommend this to all families with young children it helps them understand a movie that you'll lovbe to sit and watch too!  My daughter loves it so much she can even sing along with them!  It's a great stress reliever in our house from the terrible twos!
B0000214FS|1.0|Wil Smith lost an incredible amount of his Hollywood clout by starring in this stinker, loosely based on the highly entertaining television series of the same name.  Kevin Kline is absolutely wasted in this schlock of a story as West's sidekick, Artemus Gordon.  What the hell was Kenneth Branagh thinking by signing aboard to play the villain?  And, lastly, the lovely Salma Hayek is virtually nonexistent in this thundering tale that makes less sense than any big budget spectacle to come out of Hollywood in the last twenty years.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I just read FIFTY bad reviews of this thing and I am left wondering if I saw the same movie! <br />My wife dragged me to it... I was laughing my head off within the first 10 minutes. THEN they started it with all the musical anachronisms and I nearly had a heart attack! How cool!<br />What a love story! <br />Ewan is totally underrated as an actor and he sings even better. Nicole's good too--have you heard her Robbie Williams duet?<br />Baz has an amazing artistic visual style. Loved Romeo &amp; Juliet. <br />Can't wait to see Strictly Ballroom.<br />Ignore all the trolls and naysayers. Watch with no expectations. Have a little sense of humor and an open mind and you'll have a good time with this gem.
0060955775|2.0|Plenty of writers have examined clinical psychology and the people who practice it, challenging the standards of sanity, the therapies, and the operation of mental institutions.  And most of their books are a lot better than Veronika Decides to Die.  Paulo Coelho doesn't really add anything to what's already been said on the subject.<br />Granted, this is the only work of Coelho's that I've read, and I'm reading it in translation, so I may not be getting the full effect.  But so far as I can tell, this book is a series of serious missteps interspersed with only minor displays of skill.<br />I'm ceding it two stars because it's brief and simple, but that's the best thing I can think of to say about it.
B00005UEAR|5.0|This album is very interesting.  I listen to alot of Dream Theater, and this is VERY Different from their other albums.  It is very good song styles, but anyone who liked their last album, &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot;, will love this one.  The first album in this two disc set is sory of a dark music. Almost like MegaDeth and Metallica at parts.  My favorites are &quot;The Glass Prision,&quot; and &quot;Misunderstood.&quot;   The second album reminds me of Liquid Tension alot, because they have Jordan Rudess (keyboardist) playing alot of solos...which is nice.  &quot;About to Crash&quot; (second song on second disc) starts off alot like &quot;Biaxident&quot; (Liquid Tension).  The second album is totally opposite the first, not dark sounding and happy most of the time.  <br />This Album is a great buy, even though its written differently from other albums, but they took ideas from previous albums that were coold, and made them AWESOME! I encourage everyone to buy it.
0812550706|5.0|I'm not a huge science fiction fan, but I was hooked by Ender's Game right away.  Card managed to suspend any disbelief on my part that kids Ender's age could carry out such courageous and calculated acts by reminding us that Ender really was human, and a child at that.  Ender just wanted friends, people he could trust, rely on, and love.  Instead, his personal well-being (and sanity!) was sacrificed for the military objectives of human kind.  It's a tragedy that a big-hearted kid like Ender is turned into a killing machine, but it's a joy to read his triumphs and finally his ability to start a somewhat normal life in the end.<br />Kids saving the human race, kids ruling the planet ... as fantastic as it may seem, and is, it made for a compelling story.  Five out of five stars.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I just read FIFTY bad reviews of this thing and I am left wondering if I saw the same movie! <br />My wife dragged me to it... I was laughing my head off within the first 10 minutes. THEN they started it with all the musical anachronisms and I nearly had a heart attack! How cool!<br />What a love story! <br />Ewan is totally underrated as an actor and he sings even better. Nicole's good too--have you heard her Robbie Williams duet?<br />Baz has an amazing artistic visual style. Loved Romeo &amp; Juliet. <br />Can't wait to see Strictly Ballroom.<br />Ignore all the trolls and naysayers. Watch with no expectations. Have a little sense of humor and an open mind and you'll have a good time with this gem.
B000000OPU|5.0|While the mainstream probably thinks of &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, &quot;In Your Eyes&quot;, and &quot;Big Time&quot; when they think of Peter Gabriel, _So_ contains a lot of other interesting styles of music as well.  The aforementioned hits are here, but so are the dark and atmospheric &quot;This is the Picture&quot; and &quot;We Do What We're Told&quot;, the hopeful and spiritual &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; and &quot;Mercy Street&quot;, and arguably one of Gabriel's most passionate compositions - &quot;Red Rain&quot;.  This is a great place to start if you're just getting into Peter Gabriel.  It's certainly not as adventurous and avant garde as some of his earlier work, but it offers more than what a casual fan might think a Peter Gabriel album has to offer.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I've been a Dream Theater fan now for about 2 1/2 years.  I own all of their releases, and it seems to me that with every new album, they just keep on progressing musically & lyrically.  In my opinion, \\"SDOIT\\" continues this trend in fine fashion.  The music is very mature, combining all of the great talents of each band member and molding them into something completely new. While I think they were able to accomplish this on their other albums, they really hit the jackpot here.  Basically, the music absolutley ROCKS!!!!  While I think every song is great, my favorites are \\"The Glass Prison\\" (a thrash-metal like song, basically it's Rush meets Metallica), \\"The Great Debate\\" (very cool song about Stem-Cell research), \\"Disapear\\" and \\"Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence\\" (like SFAM, but with more of a broadway feel to it).  John Petrucci continues to impress me as one of the great guitarist of all time.  John Myung does some amazing things on this album.  I'm glad his bass is included more in the mix then it has been on past albums.  Mike Portney, what can I say that hasn't been said about him.  He's just great.  Even with the talents of the others, the music would not be the same without him.  James LeBrie, whom I thought really came into his own on \\"SFAM\\", suprised me with what I consider to be his best vocal performance.  Also, it was nice to hear Mike Portney as a more prominent back-up vocalist on many of the songs.  His work on the Transatlantic albums was great and made me hope he would continue to participate in that respect. <br />One more thing...DO NOT LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM ON A CRAPPY STEREO!  Get a good pair of earphones, sit back and enjoy the ride.  There are so many little details that one can miss, it really takes 2 or 3 listens to really appreciate what's going on.  Overall, this album is an absolute masterpiece and proof that Dream Theater is here to stay.  I hope that you all give it the chance I think it deserves.  I'm sure you won't be dissapointed withthe results!
B00005UV96|1.0|There is no reason to purchase the limited edition- the disc is the same, and the only thing you get for the extra money is a non-jewel case package. No extras at all. The album's great! But this edition is not worth it.
B00005U1YO|4.0|For those eagerly awaiting this, the new chem bros cd, you will not be disappointed.  'Come with us' is very much a chemical brothers record, with high-octane songs for starters, more rhythmic songs in the middle, the usual 'coming down/female vocal' songs towards the end, and finally, the epic song to end the cd.  Overall, I would say this is an improvement on 'surrender', though in many ways the beats and effects are reminiscent of 'exit planet dust'. <br />What are the songs like? you ask...<br />Well...<br />'Come with us': Starting with strings and a booming voice, and following with drawn-out, spacey effects (along with the next song, these are as close to the high-frequency/kettle-whistling/acid effects that filled 'dig your own hole' as you'll get on this album), this song acts as a steadily building welcome to the rest of the album.<br />'It began in afrika-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka...': When the single was released it was admittedly annoying.  However, look past the repetitive vocals and you'll find the chemicals reverting back to old methods with a song that would fit in neatly on any of their previous albums.<br />'Galaxy bounce' differs slightly to the version that appears on the tomb raider soundtrack.  Preceded by turntables scractching in the vein of 'in dust we trust', this song shows the chems cutting up samples, backed a rolling bassline.  Though this song is fine on its own, it seems somewhat out of place on this album.<br />'Star Guitar' is an exercise in sequencing beats (as indicated by the film clip).  This dreamy song is the flagship of the album, showing the chems production qualities at their finest.<br />'Hoops' will no doubt stay in your head long after you've listened to the album.  Though the song begins to speed up 'out of control' style, it doesn't go overboard, with more emphasis on drums, guitars, and a bassline familiar to that on blur's 'music is my radar'.<br />'My elastic eye' has Instant Hit written all over it.  This song capturesattention immediately with its deep bassline, quick drum snares and 'yayaya' vocals.  At a constant crescendo, this song will no doubt be a personal favourite to many.<br />'The state we're in' is this albums come-down song, after the previous three tracks have taken you on a high.  Beth Orton thankfully returns, though this song never quite hits the spot emotionally as well as 'Alive alone', and doesn't progress to anywhere in particular (unlike the industrial noises that concluded 'where do i begin'.  More effective than Hope Sandoval at least, and the track segues nicely into...<br />...'Denmark', which is as generically 'dance' music as the chems get.  The opening snare/high-hat routine seems a bit cheesy to me, but is redeemed by a funky bassline and melody.  Slightly disappointed by this song, though should sound good when played live (the dance template wasn't altered too much to make this one).<br />'Pioneer skies' starts of low key, despite the jackhammer effects, but eventually builds into a heavy track.  Frequency changes are not unlike previous chems songs, though the track fails to 'enlighten', as much as songs like 'orange wedge' which are of a similar pace and feel.  Essentially a preparation for the final, long track.<br />'The test' features Richard Ashcroft.  It's not a folk song like 'dream on', but rather the emotionally charged Ashcroft vocal backed by 'competent' beats.  They are neither slow-and-dreamy nor hard-and-fast.  Ashcroft is a good person to sing 'epic' songs (see Unkle), but he only barely 'passes the test' here.  The chems seem somewhat indecisive as to how use Ashcrofts vocals effectively, and eventually the vocals take command over the song and its beats.  Nevertheless a good song (judging by the fact that the 7 mins seem to go by quickly), that will have you singing all the way.<br />Well, that's an outline of the album, and if you're considering buying it, then I would say go for it.  If you're already a chem bros fan, 'Come with us' will only increase your admiration of their work.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Before I saw this, the Matrix was my favourite movie.  Though the Matrix is still one of my top five favourites, Moulin Rouge is at the top for movie and soundtrack.  <BR>I truely enjoy the sound of Ewan McGregor's voice, there's no other way to explain it.  I feel like dancing to some of the songs, others I just close my eyes and remember the scene from the movie.  <BR>My rating is a five, though the soundtrack wasn't PERFECT it was better than a four, so let's say 4.5!<BR>....<BR>The songs:<BR>01. Nature Boy- I love David Bowie's voice, this song is beautiful, takes me back to Labyrinth. Four Stars<BR>02. Lady Marmalade- It's a good song, nice for dancing.  My friends and I used it in our talent show, and it was a smashing hit. Three Stars<BR>03. Because We Can- I rarely listen to this song, because I'm busy listening to the rest...  I like the song, but I prefer the love medleys. Two Stars<BR>04. Sparkling Diamonds- Great song, entertaining, fun to sing.  Three Stars.<BR>05. Rhythm of the Night- This is fun to listen to, jumpy, and a change from the norm.  I give it four stars.<BR>06. Your Song- Wonderful song, I could just drown in Ewan McGregor's voice, it's amazing, incredible. Five stars!<BR>07. Children of The Revolution- I don't know why I like it, but it's a great song.  It's a change from the others, and so it's fun to listen to.  Four stars.<BR>08. One Day I'll Fly Away- Nicole has a pretty good voice, though I think Ewan stole the show.  I like listening to this song, it's very pretty, and I always get clips in my head, remembering the scene. Four Stars<BR>09. Diamond Dogs- Like it. It's a cool song.  Three stars.<BR>10. Elephant Love Medley- The third best song on the album.  It's funny at the beginning, and I love singing along. (My range is actually closer to Ewan's than Nicole's.) Five Stars.<BR>11. Come What May- Second best song on the album.  It's absolutely beautiful, and I enjoy singing along!  Five Stars!<BR>12. El Tango De Roxanne- The Best Song on the Album.  It's incredible, and Ewan and Jose can really sing!  I love listening to it, fact is I am right now.  I named my cat Baby El Tango De Roxanne, (Baby Roxy for short) and oh.. how can I explain it?  IT'S BEAUTIFUL, MARVELOUS! I LOVE IT! SIX STARS. :-)<BR>13. Complainte De La Butte- It's a good song, though it's in what I think is French, so I can't understand a word. (smile) It's an okay song though.  Two stars.<BR>14. Hindi Sad Diamonds- I only speak the truth when I say it's weird but quite enjoyable to listen to! Four stars.<BR>15. Nature Boy- This song is so cool, though I like the first one the same.  I enjoy listening to it, and so, four stars.<br />In Conclusion: If you have seen the movie, the soundtrack is a must-buy.  I enjoy every minute of it, and it's the first CD I've ever owned in which I don't have to skip a song due to dislike or something.  I love it, and when my brother borrows it, I go insane, because I listen to it EVERY DAY!  I recommend it!<BR>A.A.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I put on my headphones last night and was prepared to be inpressed. I wasn't let down. DT has released another great album full of rich music and intense lyrics. <br />It begins as &quot;Metropolis Pt:2&quot; ends; with static. This cd actually sounds a lot heavier and &quot;thicker&quot; than their earlier efforts. a must buy for any DT fan and a great place to start off with for a newbie to DT.
B000002BYA|5.0|If you are a SRV fan and you don't have this, I ask why?! This is a must for anyone who is truly a SRV fan. Music quality is outstanding and so is the recording. Buy it, you will not be dissappointed.
B00005U1YO|4.0|For those eagerly waiting on this, the new chem bros cd, you will not be disappointed.  'Come with us' is very much a chemical brothers record, with high-octane songs for starters, more rhythmic songs in the middle, the usual 'coming down/female vocal' songs towards the end, and finally, the epic song to end the cd.  Overall, I would say this is an improvement on 'surrender', though in many ways the beats and effects are reminiscent of 'exit planet dust'. <br />What are the songs like? you ask...<br />Well...<br />'Come with us': Starting with strings and a booming voice, and following with drawn-out, spacey effects (along with the next song, these are as close to the high-frequency/kettle-whistling/acid effects that filled 'dig your own hole' as you'll get on this album), this song acts as a steadily building welcome to the rest of the album.<br />'It began in afrika-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka...': When the single was released it was admittedly annoying.  However, look past the repetitive vocals and you'll find the chemicals reverting back to old methods with a song that would fit in neatly on any of their previous albums.<br />'Galaxy bounce' differs slightly to the version that appears on the tomb raider soundtrack.  Preceded by turntables scractching in the vein of 'in dust we trust', this song shows the chems cutting up samples, backed a rolling bassline.  Though this song is fine on its own, it seems somewhat out of place on this album.<br />'Star Guitar' is an exercise in sequencing beats (as indicated by the film clip).  This dreamy song is the flagship of the album, showing the chems production qualities at their finest.<br />'Hoops' will no doubt stay in your head long after you've listened to the album.  Though the song begins to speed up 'out of control' style, it doesn't go overboard, with more emphasis on drums, guitars, and a bassline familiar to that on blur's 'music is my radar'.<br />'My elastic eye' has Instant Hit written all over it.  This song captures attention immediately with its deep bassline, quick drum snares and 'yayaya' vocals.  At a constant crescendo, this song will no doubt be a personal favourite to many.<br />'The state we're in' is this albums come-down song, after the previous three tracks have taken you on a high.  Beth Orton thankfully returns, though this song never quite hits the spot emotionally as well as 'Alive alone', and doesn't progress to anywhere in particular (unlike the industrial noises that concluded 'where do i begin'.  More effective than Hope Sandoval at least, and the track segues nicely into...<br />...'Denmark', which is as generically 'dance' music as the chems get.  The opening snare/high-hat routine seems a bit cheesy to me, but is redeemed by a funky bassline and melody.  Slightly disappointed by this song, though should sound good when played live (the dance template wasn't altered too much to make this one).<br />'Pioneer skies' starts of low key, despite the jackhammer effects, but eventually builds into a heavy track.  Frequency changes are not unlike previous chems songs, though the track fails to 'enlighten', as much as songs like 'orange wedge' which are of a similar pace and feel.  Essentially a preparation for the final, long track.<br />'The test' features Richard Ashcroft.  It's not a folk song like 'dream on', but rather the emotionally charged Ashcroft vocal backed by 'competent' beats.  They are neither slow-and-dreamy nor hard-and-fast.  Ashcroft is a good person to sing 'epic' songs (see Unkle), but he only barely 'passes the test' on this song.  The chems seem somewhat indecisive as to how use Ashcrofts vocals effectively, and eventually the vocals take command over the song and its beats.  Nevertheless a good song (judging by the fact that the 7 mins seem to go by quickly), that will have you singing all the way.<br />Well, that's an outline of the album, and if you're considering buying it, then I would say go for it.  If you're already a chem bros fan, 'Come with us' will only increase your admiration of their work.
1881273156|5.0|A book on communication, the author discusses the five basic ways in which different people express their affections for each other and the confusion that results when we are not speaking the same \\"language\\".  So, while sending your partner a nice card to cheer them up might mean love to you, you can't understand why it just elicits a brief \\"Thanks\\".  On the other hand, he calls during the day and says he'll be home early this evening and just gets an \\"Okay, take the hamburger out of the fridge when you get home then\\" response from you.  Since you express love by sending the card and he did by coming home early to see you, you both feel that the other does not express affection for you.  If he understood and sent you a card once in a while he would be speaking your language and you would understand that he is trying to tell you that he loves you.  That is what this book is about, understanding how each of you expresses your love for the other and learning to express affection in the other person's language.  Filled with examples and sections that help you and your partner learn about each other's preferred method of communicating affection, it is a highly recommended read for everyone who is in any kind of relationship.
0062515675|5.0|An amazing book! I would recommend it to all of my friends (knowing, with no doubt, it will bring change in their life). What I found so beautiful about this book is some very logic and practical exercising tools that can help you to achieve some very deep changes in your life.I tried some of the technics offered in his books and I can reassure you that it works amaizingly!
B00005Y1UX|5.0|What amuses me the most is that the men reviewing this film seem to be so severely outraged at the main content -- a wealthy man proposing to buy another man's wife for a single night.  Looks like the old morality hangs on of the wife being the man's exclusive property.  On the other hand, if it were Cindy Crawford, say, offering to buy the husband for a night?  Well, the film is about a billionaire who is played very elegantly and sympathetically by Robert Redford, who quite frankly is many a woman's secret fantasy lover after he shot to fame in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.  Granted, if in real life he made this offer (even without the money), many women think that they would take him up on it.  In the film, his character John Gage is far too attractive -- good sense of humor, personable, didn't swear (Woody Harrelson did enough of that), and gently teased Demi Moore even while he seduced her, not by money but by temptations that her husband David, played by Harrelson, couldn't offer.  Things like emotional maturity.  The film, because Harrelson was miscast in what should have been another sympathetic role, was uneven.  In scenes of the marriage, we find that there is a lot of abuse going on -- playful abuse, but even play-threatening someone with a knife is not cute.  Supposedly David and Diana, the two marrieds, are achingly devoted and yet there is never any real warmth.  It seems they are only clinging to each other, and after Gage makes his monetary offer, the two spend a night tossing and turning in bed until they finally discuss it.  We hear then that the two lovers were not so devoted before they married.  Other playmates abound, and so the devotedness pales.  What we start to see is a very sexy but also conservative woman who is trapped in a marriage with a man who could be easily classed as a childish jackass.  Enter Gage, and the story begins when his and Diana's eyes meet, long before she gets the scent of money.  There are really too few romantic scenes between these two.  Their tale is told too briefly, since we have to see many scenes of David suffering after he cheerfully agreed to sell his wife for the night.  Sadly, though, the ending has Diana returning to David, probably to spend the rest of her life threatening him with a knife.  And our last view of Gage, a wealthy but lonely man, is as he is standing on the beach in the sunset, a man so noble that he gave up a woman simply because he thought she did not look at him in the right way, that she looked at another man in that way.  Of course, in a few months she'd have forgotten David and looked at Gage as he wanted, but that idea didn't suit the storyline.  Far better to have David claim that Diana was only with Gage not because he was the better man but because he had more money.  That wasn't true.  The John Gage character, even without Redford's expertise at fleshing out the man or at being romantic, would still have been a better person than was David, who spent lots of time being crude, lazy, whining, getting drunk and swearing, being sober and swearing . . . Well, anyhow, this film has some inane elements, but overall Redford pulled it off for everyone.  His strong character contributed to the romantic tension and kept your interest.  Moore played too repressed and timid a woman.  She was actually no romantic match for Redford, although the scenes where they kiss are about the most romantic kisses I've seen in film.  Her character, though, didn't talk back enough to either Gage or David -- she was passive, accepting male dominance rather than establishing her own control over her life.  Of course, strong women in Hollywood films don't get the man, or in this case both men, but end up alone and that wasn't what this film was about.
B00005A46T|5.0|It's just an amazing album. Corey's vocals are great, Joey's drum solos are just...wicked!Anyone who says they're sellouts just don't get it. I really enjoyed. I would name my favorites, but they're all so GREAT!!
6301972139|4.0|AS a painter myself there are many moments in the film I could relate to,like not being appreciated or understood by your peers and family. Jose ferrer gives a delicate and beautiful performance to resurrect Lautrecs aura and we have to thank him for that.
B00003CWNR|1.0|Tobey Maguire is utterly annoying in this film, almost as annoying as he is in *Wonder Boys,* his performance is as morose and clueless here as it was there.  <br />And to add insult to this heap o' injury, the exploration of the pros and cons of abortion in this film is nave and juvenile at best (all the depth and understanding of college freshman debating the issue); and Tobey's treatment of the pregnant woman at the end was too pat.  (Come to think of it, what wasn't too pat in this movie?)<br />This was a very poorly crafted story (it is, however, a film with lots of cinematic eye-candy), based on an over-rated book.  <br />That said, this film is HIGHLY recommended --- super-duper, incredibly, stratospherically recommended --- to fans of Magnolia, The Green Mile, Wonder Boys and Shawshank Redemption.  If you liked those movies, boy o boy are you in for a treat with this one.  I guar-on-tee that you are gonna love this film (to be read as if spoken/written by Justin Wilson).  <br />And if you weren't particularly taken in and duped by those modern day cinematic marvels (!), then PASS on this one.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|This is one of the noisiest most obnoxious movies I have ever seen.
B00004SU5J|5.0|The chord progressions just scream soul fury.  And when you're not expecting it, he drops another smooth groove and you're off in house dreams.
B00005QHPQ|5.0|I really liked Enrique, I haven't really heard much of his Spanish stuff yet, although I have intentions of buying a couple of them to compare to what he has released now, but I think Escape takes from his first album and builds. The song Escape has a great beat and you can't help but move to it. Don't Turn out the Lights has such a sensuous, passionate undertone to it that it really adds something that I personally haven't heard in any album before. The rest of the songs on the album are all very solid as well. It's just a fun album with so many different styles that if you are a fan of pop/latin music at all, you're bound to find something on it that you like. I get tired of all the pop music that is out there, but this carries the Latin undertones, yet is fun and just an enjoyable well done album.
B00003CXTG|2.0|Shame on Randall Wallace for crafting such a horrible love story.  After the near-flawless \\"Braveheart\\" and much-above average \\"Man in the Iron Mask,\\" Wallace manages to create one of the lamest, most annoying, most insipid romances ever to hit the big screen (think of \\"Titanic\\" wand B movie dialogue crossed with \\"Saved by the Bell\\" and a wetted-down melted hunk of Velvetta).<br />That having been said, the story doesn't really improve much if you leave out the romance.  Too many clichs; too much dialogue that is DOA (dead on arrival).  And, oh no, not more Christ-symbolism at the ending.  It was hard enough to swallow at the end of Braveheart (Christ with a sword; er, OK), but here, it's shameless.<br />The battle scenes, however, are good.  Not excellent.  Just good.  Which is also a shame.  But films like \\"Platoon\\" and \\"Three Kings,\\" and especially \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" and \\"Black Hawk Down\\" as well, have seriously raised the bar concerning the realism and accuracy of combat footage.  The scenes with the torpedoes zipping through the water beneath the sailor's limbs is a very effective scene, very memorable.  But the dog fights were marred by the silly dialogue.  (Ben Affleck can act --- he was very good in \\"Good Will Hunting\\" and \\"Chasing Amy\\" for example; but here he is not able to rise above the ineptness of the script.  --- Perhaps they should've let him cuss more?? -- maybe that would've helped.)<br />There was also too little emphasis on the aftermath of the attack --- especially the stories of human struggle and loss.  (To this end, the History Channel documentary on the second disc does a fairly nice job of addressing this aspect).<br />Gladiator, Saving Private Ryan, The Patriot, Heat, Braveheat -- to name a few -- are all worthy epic action pic alternatives to this one.<br />Why two stars?  Because I just can't bring myself to completely pan something that portrays such a painful part of our and human history, one where so many lives were lost.<br />There's a much better film to be made on this subject than this one.
B00000G3PA|4.0|Jerry Bruckheimer crams American flags into every scene possible in this 'save the earth' flick that was the top money earner in the year it was released. The better of 2 killer asteroid movies that came out the same time (yeah, yeah... I know the other one was a 'comet'. So sue me.)<BR>Good date movie - action/explosions for the guys and love-story/tear-jerker ending for the gals.<br />Actually, I think we all cried. Go ahead, it's ok to admit it.
B000002MIY|4.0|Of course it's not The Nightfly. How could it be? Fagen has proved over and over again with Steely Dan that doing the same album over and over is not his thing. No two Steely Dan albums are the same just as this album and The Nightfly from eleven years earlier are not. <br />With this album we have a more modern, early 90's-ish sound with a lot of built-in techno. This is no more apparent than on the opening &quot;Trans-Island Skyway&quot; which, in my opinion is not one of the stronger tracks on the album. Having said that, it still isn't a bad song and along with the final track, &quot;Teahouse on the Tracks&quot; (also one of the weaker tracks), both serve as bookends for the stronger material including &quot;Countermoon&quot; (just try to not groove to this one, I dare you), the up tempo &quot;Springtime&quot; and the slowed down, more relaxed &quot;Snowbound&quot;. <br />There's also &quot;Tomorrow's Girls&quot; which could have easily ended up on the last Steely Dan album, Two Against Nature. &quot;Florida Room&quot; and &quot;On the Dunes&quot; are also good and when it's all said and done, one gets a very satisfying feeling after finishing the entire album. Fagen was looking to make a fresh album with this one and he definitely did just that.
B00004STUL|4.0|But I really enjoyed the catty and sarcastic back and forth of Will Smith's and Martin Lawrence's characters.  For some, this may be a detractor and get annoying quickly.  But for me, I was very amused by it. <br />This is perhaps director Michael Bay's best film.  (Armageddon and Pearl Harbor were both wretched.) <br />An enjoyable film.  Better than &quot;Con-Air.&quot;  On par with &quot;The Rock.&quot;  Good action.  Funny banter and repartee.  Although a lot of killing - what would you expect from a Simpson/Bruckheimer production though?<br />I know --- I've panned American Beauty, Magnolia, The Green Mile, Unbreakable, Wonder Boys, Cider house Rules (what am I forgetting? -- and now I'm lauding this movie?  Go figure.  It made me laugh.  A lot.  LMAO is good :)<br />If you enjoyed &quot;Midnight Run&quot; and or &quot;Planes, Trains &amp; Automobiles,&quot; then give this one a try.  Or if you like Bad Boys, you may want to look into PlanesTrains&amp;Automobile and Midnight Run.  All have a lot of enjoyable banter.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I would first say that if your a member of the &quot;Britney&quot; fan club, you might want to pass this one up, unless you want to broaden your music horizons! Simply the most awesome musical work of the 21st century! Dream Theater once again raises the bar in music composition, and for the rest of the music community they can only listen in disbelief and amazement! This double CD package brilliantly slams the influences of Rush, Yes, Kansas, Pink Floyd, and Metallica together to form a perfect union of sound. Like most DT CD performances, the musicianship is impressive &amp; flawless, the writing spirtual &amp; moving while in parts slamming your frontal lobe through the back of your head! Few musical works today can be classified as a Masterpiece, but to label this one as such would be an understatement!
B00005R87Q|5.0|a high octane master piece a must for any modified car lover
B00005UEAR|5.0|This Earth recording sounds like the stars dying a spectacular death, like light exploding into slivers and racing through the corridors of time like the souls of those lost between the eternities. Its pulses emit like a quasar. Its promise is that like the Space Lord, Uronous Drax of the Blacketon Empire, who swears to lift light into those dark places that race from the careening galaxies.  Alas, I weep crytsal tears and shall now bury the fool.
0451527712|1.0|if you want to read this book, you will need knowledge of five words; reverence, countenence; ardour; odious; benevolence.  sure, there are good points to be made in this book.  Like, nature being all theraputic and how man can alienate himself from man.  The abscure way that mary shelley brings these points across to the reader, is repetitive and inane.  This book could easily be 50 pages long, it would be a great read on the crapper, but since it is not 50 pages, just read the cliffs notes, otherwise youre wasting your time.  This book is totally sketch.
B00005U11Z|5.0|I bought this DVD on a lark. I've always loved Journey but had a tough time thinking they could go on without Steve Perry. I was wrong. This is an amazing DVD. Steve Augeri is an amazing vocalist, a perfect replacement for one of the best voices ever.
0451163532|5.0|This book is about a true events that actually took place and it shows the committment that some companies have for their employees. Not many companies will spend millions of dollars of their own money to rescue their own people from the confines of a country that is about to drop into a civil war.<br />I enjoyed this book a great deal and it gave me a great insight into Ross Perot and his relationship with his employees.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I must have seen this movie a thousand times.  It's absolutely wonderful!  The acting is spectacular, the music is stunning,  the battle scenes will keep you on the edge of your seat and the costumes are accurately correct and original.  It's no wonder why it won &quot;Best Picture&quot; but why didn't it win &quot;Best Director&quot;??  I thought for sure it was going to.  I still can't get over that-it boggles the mind.  But this is a great movie and definitly worth buying the DVD.  It has TONS of special features including millions of deleted scenes.  Wonderful DVD!  Wonderful movie! Wonderful cast!  This movie has it all!<br />     If you are crazy over this movie as I am, I reccommend buying the movie guide.  It has everything you ever wanted to know about this movie.  Including how they made the movie, costumes, story, some history, about the cast, and MUCH more.  ~Did you know all the armor was made out of foam covered with leather?  Find out much more by purchasing the book.
B00005QCYC|5.0|This trilogy is a great value because it contains all three of the movies, along with an extra behind-the-scenes disc that cannot be purchased anywhere else. I have been a fan of Jurassic Park ever since reading the book by Michael Crichton. I waited until the trilogy came out so I could get all three of the movies at once. I have to say that the first movie was the best of all three. If you are looking for a good value, and are a Jurassic Park fan, I encourage you to buy this DVD set.
B000002L9J|5.0|I love this CD, to me it's a classic... it brings back memories from high school...some of the melancholy lyrics (like, 'I Know It's Over') can make you feel bad, that it feels good..LOL
B00005U1YO|5.0|After taking a couple years off, presumably for touring gigs, they've returned in full effect.<br />Dig Your Own Hole was a darn good album and is arguably one of the albums that pushed electronica into the mainstream. After stumbling a bit with 1999's \\"Surrender\\" the duo known as the Chemical Brothers decided to return to their roots with straight up high-energy dance floor tracks... and the results are nothing short of stunning!<br />I was expecting more commercial big-beat stuff, but was shocked to hear tracks that stand on their own. It appears that the Bros decided changes were in order to avoid being cast as \\"sell outs\\" or \\"too commercial.\\" I'm proud to say that they've succeded admirably and have cranked out what will probably be one of 2002's best dance records.<br />This could very well be their best work to date. The whole album is solid from start to finish. The opening track \\"Come With Us\\" is a solid opener and sets the tone for the album quite well. I won't go on rambling about every track since they're all great. Tracks 7 and 9 are a bit weak, but provide the lighter fare that provide a nice break from the up-tempo dance beats that permeate the set.<br />My faves: \\"Galaxy Bounce\\", \\"Star Guitar\\", \\"Hoops\\", and The Verve's Richard Ashcroft on \\"The Test\\"<br />Highly recommended!
B000002HPV|4.0|Okei , this may not be as good as Debut and post but its totally diffrent wich is much better . Many musicians keep on doing the same stuff as long as it sells im glad Bjrk does not .<BR>--------------------------------------------------------------<BR>..............................................................<BR>My favurtes where Hunter , Bacholerette and Pluto .<BR>I did not like all is full of love in this version - its much better in the video version . <BR>(tnlistin hennar Bjarkar er besta tnlist slands )
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This DVD is worth the price just for the movie alone, which is one of the funniest things I have watched in a long time. The humor is sometimes subtle, sometimes obvious and very nearly continuous. Chances are good that just about anyone in the Western world will find something funny here. And maybe even beyond.<br />As if that weren't enough, however, the DVD is packed with extra features; sadly, many of these extras have limited replay value, although they are all laced with the same tongue-in-cheek attitude of the movie itself and are certainly worth going through at least once, if for nothing else but the info on how the movie was made and other details.<br />Also, unlike another movie, the outtakes are genuine technical goofs, rather than contrived screw-ups; many of them are funny in their own right, although some of them are just wierd.<br />In short, get it for the movie but be sure to watch the extras at least once.
6305364648|5.0|Both of 'em.... Tom Arnold keeps up the comic sidekick with a subtle flair (despite being thrown around a little too much)<br />Enjoyable.....good action with just the right touch of self deprecation to keep the pretensions down to a manageable level...
B00005UEAR|5.0|Ok, I have been a fan of dream theater since Images and Words, I was lucky enough to meet them on the awake tour and I own everyone of their albums... This cd is a masterpiece! From LaBrie Sounding his best, all the way to Portnoys killer fills time signature changes and petrucci's Guitar lines which are his all time personal best! Not to mention Myung and Rudess who have never sounded better! The first cd is amazing but the real eye opener is Disc 2. A 42 minute epic about mental illness. It is completely unbelieveable and a masterpiece... This album is a must have for musiciains, critics and all prog rock fans! Nice Work.. Honestly, If i could have rated it higher, I would have!!!
B00003CXXJ|3.0|I have a 2 1/2 year old that enjoys this movie.....and for once (despite REPEATED viewings) ....I still enjoy a number of moments throughout the movie...<br />I had an infrequent night to myself last week, and it was an internal debate between Shrek and the Matrix for my own viewing...LOL..<br />That should at least say something about the enduring qualities of this film without going into well worn detail eh?
0780622553|5.0|This is a visionary SCI FI movie that will be a cult classic in years to come.  Rufus Sewell (a young Ian McShane clone) shows - as he has in the past in such productions as Cold Comfort Farm and the BBC Middle March - that he is not just a pretty face, but has raw talent just waiting to be tapped. And this movie showcases that talent well!!!  With a good supporting performance by Kiefer Sutherland in an understated, bumbly doctor role that is far from the mad scientists of the past, the movie takes you on a journey that shifts, twists and reshapes itself - literally - and never lets you down.  The effects are marvelous!  From the moment Sewell wakes up in a seedy hotel and has no idea who he is, you follow on a trek that is a maze within a maze within a maze.<br />Filmed in Australia, this one is no SCI FI should miss!!  A film that requires watching again and again.
0446677450|2.0|Even with the wealth MINDSET, there are only so many limited shares or dollars or shops to open or parcels of land to compete for, so it's HARD WORK, awareness, EDUCATION, knowledge, understanding, and cold hard application. Don't kid yourself. Ask any wealthy, successful person who works very hard and puts in long hours. NO EASY WAY. A RICH KID resists until this $15 SEMINAR-BAIT is used at $1 or $2 then sells for $3 or $4 for 100% profit. The wealth SCIENCE is all but missing here, NOT APPRECIATED... HOW to think and do, WHAT to think and do, WHERE to find resources, except for a few examples like McDonald's Ray Kroc, so the RICH KID goes to the Kyosaki seminar or listens to tapes and then gets a full money-back guarantee REFUND. Now that's the wealth creation MINDSET!! This book is vacuous except for the wealth MINDSET awareness, DUH !!! So what's new?? What's different about his book from gobbs of others like Carleton Sheets, Wade Cook, Ken Roberts, ad nauseum?? NOTHING. A quality must read book I BOUGHT and KEPT for my library is former GE CEO Jack Welsh's autobiography, \\"Jack- Straight from the Gut\\", in which his mother says, \\"Without an education, you'll be nothing. Don't kid yourself.\\"
B000001DTM|5.0|At the end of the 1980's, Bono of U2 stated that it was time for the band to \\"go away and dream it all up again.\\"  Well, it was a good thing they did.  On 1991's \\"Achtung Baby\\", U2 moves away from what worked so well in the late 80's on their first classic, \\"The Joshua Tree\\".  Bono and U2 knew that the 90's would be a different time than the decade of excess, and ultimately the music would change.  On \\"Achtung Baby\\", the band explores funky dance rhythms, drum loops, and industrial electronic distortion, and it works so well.  The opening track, \\"Zoo Station\\", signifies that U2 has done a 180-turn in it's approach to rock music.  This track and the second, \\"Even Better Than The Real Thing\\" provide the listener with excellent Bono lyrics as well as danceable beats.  The third track, \\"One\\", is possibly U2's finest song ever, both lyrically and musically.  Bono's voice is top-notch in this epic tune.  Next up is \\"Until the End of the World\\" which tells the story of Judas betraying Jesus in the Garden of Gesthemane.  The Edge displays some excellent solo work in the middle of this song, and it has a great guitar riff.  At number 5, \\"Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses\\" is my favorite song off this album.  The lyrics are just magnificent and it has a memorable sing-along chorus \\"...who's gonna ride your wild horses, who's gonna drown in your blue sea?\\"  \\"So Cruel\\" has possibly Bono's best vocal on the disc.  \\"The Fly\\" is another new rhythm song, while \\"Mysterious Ways\\" provides a great Edge guitar riff, along with some excellent drum beats from Mr. Larry Mullen, Jr.  \\"Tryin' To Throw Your Arms Around the World\\" and \\"Ultra Violet\\" are two excellent songs that don't disappoint near the end.  All in all, in my opinion this album and 2000's \\"All That You Can't Leave Behind\\" are U2's best albums to date, even though most say \\"The Joshua Tree\\" is (which is a great LP).  On \\"Achtung Baby\\", U2 proved to the world that it could adapt to the new musical style of the 1990's, while attracting many more fans but not losing their fans from the 80's.  U2 4 EVR!!!
B00003CXRP|1.0|Maybe it is just me, but this movie bored the hell out of me.  And this is a movie fan who has seen Gone With the Wind, The Magnificent Ambersons, and countless other movies a lot of people consider long and boring, more times than I can count.  It was a good concept that did not follow through in my opinion.  He is stuck on a deserted island and nothing else happens.  No fights for his life with native wildlife, nothing.  Maybe that sounds shallow but I guess a movie with someone just doing nothing is not my cup of tea.  I sat through it to say that I did, and regret the lost hours of my life.  I supose long time fans of Tom Hanks may like it, but his superstar attitude after Forrest Gump made me sick so I am not really a fan of his.<BR>I did not care for the acting, the writing, or anything about this movie but the initial premise.  I never even got any feel that he was actually this person.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen!  I do not recommend that you get the one dubbed in English.  Hearing the Italian with the sub-titles only adds to the charm of the movie!  This is the type of movie that you can watch over and over and still notice things that you haven't seen before.  It is a very clever movie.  After about 5 minutes you forget all about the sub-titles.
6305358613|5.0|I cannot say enough about this movie.  As a history buff, I thought the movie very entertaining and the portrayal of Elizabeth quite fresh.  The acting was terrific, the suspense wonderful.  The costuming and scenery and music were also worthy of mention.  Cate Blanchett is wonderful and very believable in the title role.  You feel for her in every hard decision she has to make.  A wonderful choice to play Elizabeth.  I own this movie, and would say that any fan of history or of historical costuming should own it as well.  Very worthy of watching again and again.
0136879721|5.0|I will not try to preach to anyone who has'nt read this book<BR>that the words within this book will change you for the better.<BR>It is my realization that it is not the words rather the way in which you chose to recieve them that will give rise to an  effect. Like any effect or reaction there has to be a cause or action, so if you read this formula of faith and desire<BR>and truly believe that your desires will come true using your faith, then and only then will this book change your life for the better. It is my hope that you will join the many new thinkers of the world today and weed out the destructive negative<BR>thoughts which keep you a prisoner in your own reality, and to explore the many possible alternatives to living a life of harmony and happiness. All i ask personally is that you question all your previous thoughts on everything that you take for granted and believe, you will soon see that the world you once knew is crumbling around you so that we can finally realize the power within our own subconscious minds.<BR>The time has truly come for a new way of thinking.
B00005N919|5.0|i know i'm not supposed to, but i love this movie.<br />the real reason is sharon stone, who does seem to have a habit of selecting movies in which she is the only interesting actor.  this is somewhat true of basic instinct; it is definitely her \\"star vehicle,\\" and the whole movie is built around her very convincing show of sexual power.  (you can see it even in her screen tests - examples of which are included on the dvd - although she had yet to nail the essential condescending cruelty of the character at this early stage.)  the plot is completely unreasonable, as verhoeven himself admits: catherine trammel is literally clairvoyant to plan out her crimes with such impossible foresight.  but stone convinces you to \\"suspend your disbelief.\\"  and even though you know she's guilty of a slew of heinous and inhuman killings, you want her to get away with it.  crazy huh.<br />but the other actors are all up to par here; michael douglas is always convincing as a raving lunatic, jeanne tripplehorn pulls off her vaguely repressed-bisexual yet fundamentally well-intentioned psychiatrist, leilani sarelle serves up a male fantasy version of a homicidal butch/lipstick lesbian, and dorothy malone even drops in for a turn as an impulse-murderess grandma.  <br />yes, basic instinct is derivative; the san francisco setting, the score, and catherine's interrogation-scene getup are straight out of vertigo, as has been belabored to death.  but this girl is more diabolical in her sleep than kim novak on her worst day.  the movie is beautifully shot throughout...you can think of it as a vertigo remix with soft-core porn, slasher violence and drugs thrown in for kicks.  <br />the accompanying icepick-shaped pen writes in blood-red ink.  tasteless.
0446678430|3.0|I haven't yet read the other books in the &quot;series&quot;; but I can say that reading anything for the supposition that it may someday have relevance is not a bad thing.  For all those crying poor-mouth about not finding work, get over yourselves and work at all the malls or fast-food joints that I see signs on.  Better yet, work 2 jobs like I do and keep in mind that it's not forever. It's possible to retire young, you just have to WORK first.
B00005QDW1|5.0|I loved the awesome beat on Rock Steady. A nice change from Return of Saturn (too dreary). Here are my ratings for the songs.<BR>Intro: **<BR>Hella Good: ****<BR>Hey Baby: ****<BR>Making Out: ***<BR>Underneath it All: ***<BR>Detective: *****<BR>Don't Let Me Down: ****<BR>Start the Fire: ***<BR>Running: ****<BR>In My Head: *****<BR>Platinum Blonde Life: *****<BR>Waiting Room: ****<BR>Rock Steady: ***<br />My favorite is Detective. I love the \\"hey girl..save the liar...\\" part on it. It is really powerful.<BR>The guitar and bass is really sounding good. I love the inrto to Hella Good. It stuck in my head and I am tapping it on my keyboard right now.<BR>Gwen's vocals are sounding better than ever. I like the way the booklet is arranged. Gwen sets an example for me as I am the lead singer/guitarist in my band, Soapbox.<BR>Keep it rocking steady, No Doubt. It really pays off.
0446520950|1.0|What kind of a world do these people live in?  The lack of communication, the distrust, the sheer maniacal destruction of lives.  For what?  To have more money?  I don't like this world and don't want to read about it anymore.
B000003CMB|5.0|Go into a studio and mix up guitars, bass, drums, vocal and ecetera and you will get fabricated music.  This CD is not fabricated, I repeat, NOT fabricated.  It's hard to believe that such perfection exists!  My discriminating ears have FAILED to find any fault with this CD.  To the newbie:  Don't start off with their first album nor their second!  Buy this CD FIRST, second, buy EAT A PEACH.  By then you'll be wired to buy EVERYTHING by this group.  Ohhh, what I would have given to be there!!  This is the BEST live album.  PERIOD.  NO BUTS!
0688172377|5.0|Waris Dirie's story is the second book I've read about FGM in Africa.  Unlike Fauziya Kassindja (author of Do They Hear You When You Cry), Dirie actually did submit to the horrifying surgery at age five.  She lived to tell about it, and she does so in a mesmerizing way.  With vivid attention to detail Dirie provides an insider's view of the plight of African women, millions of whom are forced to be \\"circumsised\\" in order to be appealing to a prospective husband.  Although she escaped to a life of prestige and privledge, Dirie is no stranger to hard work and hard times.  Not even her supermodel status assuages the emotional and mental distress caused by her circumsision.    She reiterates countless times that she is one of the lucky few--most of her fellow African women will never experience life without pain.  Their story is the one worth reading within this book, and Dirie tells it beautifully.
6305090564|5.0|This is a good movie...entertaining and scary.  <BR>Its Night and raining...<BR>1.  The ocean liner (ARGONAUTICA) created for the pleasurable pursuits, primarily gambling is the target of a South China Sea heist.  <BR>2.  The \\"hero\\" Treat Williams (John Finnegan) charters his boat (an old WWII PT boat) and crew of two (his sidekick mechanic Kevin J. O'Connor as Joey and his sidekick's co-pilot girlfriend Leila), to a group of mercenaries with \\"no questions asked\\".<BR>3.  The Ocean liner is attacked (losing a small speed boat with the impact) by something that has forcibly stopped and penetrated the vessel.  \\"It\\" remains unseen as it wreaks havoc and panic...and blood.<BR>4.  The charter plan (to rob the ocean liner) is revealed to Treat and his crew as the Mercs bring the PT boat up to war specs with the installation of new torpedo tubes secretly brought aboard in crates.<BR>5.  Confrontation between Treat and the Mercs in defense of his crew reveals the cool comic hero status of Treat and his sidekick mechanic.  <BR>6.  State-of-the-art weaponry (newly designed Chinese-made high-powered mini-gatling guns with 100 round magazines) is distributed among the mercs.  (Oh boy! This is gonna be good).<BR>7.  Treat's crew is disarmed and intimidated into complicity.<BR>8.  The PT Boat runs over the speed boat that fell off the ocean liner and is damaged.  Repair is mandated as the adrift ocean liner is spotted.<BR>9.  Treat's mechanic can repair the damaged parts of his boat in the ocean liner's machine shop, hence their reason to board the ship with the mercs (unarmed of course!).<BR>10. Hands-up, this is a robbery...hey, where is everyone?  What happened here?<BR>11. Let the body count begin...<BR>12. Is anyone here?  Are you behind...this hatch!...or this hatch!...or this...arrrggghhh...slurp!  Slurp again.  <br />This DVD is a must have.  Picture quality is phenomenal.  This is surely a candidate for the superbit treatment.  You need every \\"bit\\" to view the slimy, bloody \\"it\\", which is scary and creepy as hell.  Those who read this as \\"B\\" horror movie should remember that \\"B\\" movies are a genre and not a rating.  This DVD is an \\"A\\".<br />The character Treat Williams plays (John Finnegan) is colorful, cool and badass enough as to make any plot secondary (just bring on the action and tongue-in-cheek remarks).  His mechanic sidekick Kevin J. O'Connor (Joey) plays-off his sardonic remarks with an almost psychotic but sensitive and fearful whine (read - same as his character in The Mummy).  Famke Janssen (Trillian)  could...well...just stand there, roll her eyes and suck in those dimples and be effective at just about anything.  The characters are what remain at the end of the story, a funtioning team that can survive the unsurvivable with controlled fear, coolness and humor. And, before end-credits, they are obviously stranded on a large unchartered island in the midst of another horrific story-arc, so where's the sequel???...\\"Oh hell, what now!\\"
B00004WGBE|5.0|This dark morality tale of Anne Bronte's is my favorite of all the Bronte novels. It is the only one whose main character (Helen Graham) grew up a light-hearted girl with every advantage in life. Such a person would usually be seen as selfish and weak-willed in other Bronte novels, but as she deals with the new realities of married life, her intellect and spiritual power prove to be formidable. The advantages she was raised with seem to serve her with a deep inner knowledge that the customary place of a wife in Britain at that time is not for her. She does not hide nor apologize for her innocent love and devotion and does not make being a victim cheat her out of her living her own life. Although this rendition of the story is more pessimistic than I felt when reading the novel, I enjoyed it thoroughly and have enjoyed watching it several times. Tara Fitzgerald et al. are superbly cast and the sets and costumes are magnificent.
B00004U8H4|4.0|I'd never cared for Ellis' books before, and I never read the novel this movie is based on, but I found myself watching this in a hotel room and got drawn in.  This is a seriously warped movie, much more disturbing than any teenybopper slasher flick. Nothing is more intentionally perverse than the scenes in which the protagonist soliloquizes about his favorite music-- horrible, commercial stuff like Whitney Houston, Robert Palmer, and Huey Lewis-- I guess as a comment on the shallowness of the 80's commercial culture Ellis was satirizing.  That scene where he calls &quot;The greatest love of all&quot; one of the most beautiful songs ever written completely without irony...well, there's more to this movie that will turn your stomach.  Not for the squeamish.  I don't care for gore much myself, but this is a good movie that effectively explores all manners of disturbing behavior and thought.  Only complaint:  the ending of the movie makes less sense than Fight Club's ending did.  See it if you wanna get creeped out.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|I became interested in Rufus Wainwright after hearing his cover of Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" which I found when I was looking for Jeff Buckley's version.  Rufus has an amazing voice which sounds both jaded and half-innocent. Those who may find it unpleasant at first may change their minds after hearing this CD.  <BR>I went out and bought Poses right away and it didn't leave my CD-player for at least 2 weeks. It's more advanced musically than his first album and his voice is richer and more mature. Having listened to Poses many times I have found that each track is layered with great instrumentals and harmonies (Martha Wainwright's harmonies offset Rufus' baritone perfectly). <BR>Rufus Wainwright carves his own niche in the music world with his \\"popera\\", a type of pop influenced by the likes of Edith Piaf and other classic melodists as well as the romance and emotion of opera, with Rufus' own distinct brand of self-deprecating humour.<BR>A great and varied album that you can listen to from beginning to end (many times). If you don't have it yet, go out and buy it RIGHT NOW. The re-release also includes Rufus' rendition of a Beatles' tune, \\"Across the Universe\\" (also on the \\"I am Sam\\" soundtrack, in which Rufus is as good as he's ever been.<BR>Also, don't miss Rufus live, if you have an opportunity to see him.  It is my opinion that his charisma and humour make his live performances even better than his studio-produced tracks.
B00005U8EM|5.0|I laughed so hard when I saw this movie. It works in every aspect: the jokes, the story, the romantic twist, the ending, it is a really perfect comedy. And it is even touching.<BR>  By the way, Bill Murray is GREAT here, he was born to do this role.
B00005O5JV|3.0|But I liked it.  This might be seen as a continuation of Election (1999) as a slightly dingier Reese Witherspoon graduates from \\"CULA\\" (sic) and goes on to Harvard Law School.  There's a kind of irony here--the real Reese Witherspoon with her drive and intelligence could actually do it.  Her character in the movie: I don't think so.  In fact, just about everything in the movie requires the maximum use of the suspension of disbelief option on the part of the audience because virtually nothing in the movie is real.<br />Well, the dogs are real, but I think they were drugged, they seem so passive.  Witherspoon, of course, is real, but her performance was a little weary in parts, as though she is tired of playing ditzy blonde airheads and would like something more serious.  This script understandably was very difficult to turn down since it practically amounts to a vehicle for her, and her character triumphs over every obstacle and ends up with a choice of two attractive men and a fast track career.<br />Selma Blair, whom I recall from Cruel Intentions (1999), provides fine support as the other girl.  Robert Luketic's direction while undistinguished is crisp and even witty at times and gets a lot out of a mediocre script.  However those who enjoyed Election might find the pandering to a mass audience in this one annoying.  Certainly there is no comparing the scripts.  However there are some funny bits and if you're a little, shall we say, relaxed, this might wash over you like a pleasant massage.
B000002A3T|5.0|This is a great album and I havnt found anyone who dislikes it (other then those who are still bitter about Rogers depart). Every Floyd album is differant from the one before, saying this isnt Floyd just doesnt make sense. Was The Wall and The Final Cut Floyd? They were both great albums but also very differant from anything they did up to that point.<BR>Gilmour pulls off some of his best solo's on this work (my opinion). This album is very clean sounding and anyone who says Gilmour cant write should be proved wrong. This album is very emotional which is why I think it strikes a nerve in alot of us. It appears Pink Floyd took a rather mellow approach to this record, and why not, there in there 50's. This is a mature, honest, and all inspiring release.
0553213105|1.0|This book would be perfect for a coffee table.  No one would ever with to talk about it.  When I read it in high school I thought it to be the most boring book I ever read.  I didn't care about all the people trying to be married, etc.  I just found this book to be an upper class soap opera.  Anyone who likes upper class, sappy, drawn out scenes of lovers trying to get each others attention can read this book and be enthralled.  For the rest of us, I would recommend you read a modern romance novel.  ALL modern romance novels would be better than this, even if written by William Shatner.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I was enchanted by this movie.  The star-crossed lovers, fabulous dance scenes, beautiful sets (yes, they are campy, but fit the movie) were a visual feast.  The anachronistic music selections were startling at first but charmingly juxtaposed in one of the most original and entertaining movies I've seen.
0679809015|5.0|I bought this book and \\"Lift a Rock, Find a Bug\\" for my 15-month-old grandson.  He much prefers them over the more elaborate books with multiple flaps on each page.  They are easy to hold in his little hands and very sturdy.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I was enchanted by this movie.  The star-crossed lovers, fabulous dance scenes, beautiful sets (yes, they are campy, but fit the movie) were a visual feast.  The anachronistic music selections were startling at first but charmingly juxtaposed in one of the most original and entertaining movies I've seen.
B00004T1NA|5.0|Regardless, it can be better after you buy this album.  Marginally inferior to Stupid Dream, this latest effort from Porcupine Tree is even more rock driven than that previous album.  It is also the group's first album to have no purely instrumental songs - a definite statement in their evolution of sound.  Good thing it's a welcome evolution.  This album has more lush vocals, great (but often cynical or depressing) lyrics and on average shorter songs than on any of their other albums, but it still manages to be progressive in the true sense of the word (if you're only into traditional prog bands such as Yes, Genesis, ELP and the like, you probably won't like this, though).  Tight songwriting and focus in lyrical themes abound, and there are also some great instrumental passages - look to the superb Hatesong or the brooding Russia on Ice for those.  Some of the songs even sound like they might be radio friendly (the good kind of radio friendly, for you prog lovers out there), if only PT had more promotion.  Maybe their new record deal with Atlantic will give them the recognition they deserve.  High points on Lightbulb Sun: the title track (PT does Led Zeppelin), Last Chance to Evacuate Planet Earth Before It Is Recycled, Hatesong or any song with the beautiful string quartet lines (The Rest Will Flow, Russia On Ice).
B00005U2LM|5.0|No album since 36 chambers has the Wu  come out with such a grimy raw album.  Wu has definately reclaimed there spot on the top of the rap game where they belong. WU TANG FOREVER
B000021XS0|5.0|Why are you reading this many reviews of this album?  What can I say other than to instruct you to buy this CD now.  Dream Theater's best album by far (except possibly for their newest release, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, which is comes very, very close if it doesn't equal this album), it delves right into the ambitious realm of concept albums (more accurately rock opera), with great success.  Though the story is dangerously reminiscent of Kenneth Branagh's movie Dead Again, it is masterfully told with a much different outcome, and you get a real sense of the different characters involved - James LaBrie does a good job changing his vocal style to fit each character.  Great instrumentals, gripping story, memorable songs - what more could one ask for?  High points: Overture 1928, Fatal Tragedy, Home (sounds like Tool after years of guitar lessons), The Dance of Eternity (some of the craziest stuff you'll ever hear).
B00005QZ7U|5.0|&quot;This is a story about truth, beauty, freedom, and above all love,&quot; so says the self proclaimed purpose of the movie.  In truth, it is a movie about all those things and in addition it is a movie about art and redemption.<br />Simply put, Moulin Rouge is the story of a young writer who through a strange turn of events lands the job of writing the play &quot;Spectacular, Spectacular&quot; for the Moulin Rouge.  Along the way, he falls in love with the star and although she is forbidden to love him, the relationship develops and transforms both of their lives.  As a plotline, the story is simplistic and trite, but the movie as a whole is a stunning masterpiece.<br />Part of what makes it so amazing is that it is completely a postmodern movie - a text that comments on itself.  It is a movie that is aware that it is a movie and so in a very serious way does not take itself seriously.  But within this movie they create a play that is more true to reality that reality itself appears.  The multiple layers and subtle commentary on the nature of art turn a cliched story into an engaging and moving wonder.<br />It does not take long as one watches to realize that this is a very different movie.  That fact begins to sink in when during the first scene an unconscious Argentinian falls through the roof, Ewan McGregor breaks in the opening lines of &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; (in 1900 Paris), and the Green Fairy jumps off the Absinthe bottle.  For the first half hour one is bombarded with an almost dizzying overload of sight and sound. (you have to get the dvd to truly appreciate all that went into making those scenes) The use of popular song lyrics (Beatles, Madonna) as part of the regular dialogue is brillant.  The characters seem to be having meaningful and tender conversations, but we the audience are forced to filter that through the fact that we have heard the words that they are saying numerous times before on the radio.  It makes one really question if anything one ever says it truly origenal or undetermined by culture. (Plus one realizes that Ewan McGregor's version of &quot;Your Song&quot; is better than Elton John's).<br />But beyond the art, this movie tells a beautiful story of redemption.  Satine (Nicole Kidman) is a prostitute who is wrapped up in a life of loveless relationships and who cares only about fame and money.  During the course of the movie, she is redeemed through true love, forgiveness, and mercy by Ewan McGregor's character Christian (yes, that's his name, quite fitting isn't it?).  So it becomes under all of its layers a story of true love and caring about what is really important in life.<br />This is a great movie, but it is not for everyone.  It is not entertainment, it is art. The unintellectual and those who dislike musicals should stay away, but if you love art and enjoy a profound story get this movie.<br />p.s. get the dvd and find all the hidden tracks (like Nicole and Ewan goofing off Kareoke style to a song)hing one ever says it truly origenal or undetermined by culture. (Plus one realizes that Ewan McGregor's version of &quot;Your Song&quot; is better than Elton John's).<br />But beyond the art, this movie tells a beautiful story of redemption.  Satine (Nicole Kidman) is a prostitute who is wrapped up in a life of loveless relationships and who cares only about fame and money.  During the course of the movie, she is redeemed through true love, forgiveness, and mercy by Ewan McGregor's character Christian (yes, that's his name, quite fitting isn't it?).  So it becomes under all of its layers a story of true love and caring about what is really important in life.<br />This is a great movie, but it is not for everyone.  It is not entertainment, it is art. The unintellectual and those who dislike musicals should stay away, but if you love art and enjoy a profound story get this movie. <br />p.s. get the dvd and find all the hidden tracks (like Nicole and Ewan goofing off Kareoke style to a song)
B00005QJDG|5.0|They may be Caught In a New Millenium, but Dream Theater has definitely aged well since their breakthrough, Images and Words.  This live release from them is their best, far superior in sound and song choice (and sheer amount of music) than their other live CD, Once in a Livetime.  On this value-priced 3 disc set, you get a full live performance of their masterpiece concept album, Scenes From a Memory, plus one and a half discs of earlier material, making for over three hours of uncut and unedited concert.  And what a concert it is, showcasing Dream Theater's renowned instrumental ability and dynamic live style - they often add elements to studio songs to make them slightly different, often to good effect.  This is top notch stuff; if you like more traditional prog rock with a hard rock flair, this album will floor you.  Great instrumental performances all around, but James LaBrie seems to falter slightly on the third disc (I don't blame him, considering the length of the concert).  Still, the third disc is in my opinion the best of the set.  High points: Disc I vocal solo, Metropolis Pt. I (THE definitive version of this song), A Mind Beside Itself (simply sublime), A Change of Seasons.
B000022TSY|5.0|My dad rented this movie because we somehow stumbled upon talking about this movie when discussing war, well that's only logical I guess. Anyways, I love this movie. It has truely sad moments, but it has ALOT of power, whether it looks dated or not, you can't deny the fact that this movie just kicks butt!!! Well unless you hate the 60's or something. But I don't, this was the first movie EVER to have rock music in it, like as the soundtrack. A landmark, it has major killer tunes from The Byrds, Steppen Wolf, Jimmy Hendrix, and more!!! All I know is that if you are looking to learn a little more about the way the 60's were for hippies look no further then here, it couldn't be further from the truth...My dad talks so much, I know!!! Even if I didn't live the 60's. Its definetely worth one watch at least. Not for kids for sure, had nudity, quite a bit(we are talking about a hippy movie here),drug use, and violence. A great independent film. Just check it out, forget if if it looks old WHO CARES?<br />God Bless ~Amy
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run would have to be one of my all time favourite movies. It is one of the most innovative, and original movies I have ever come across. I could never really tolerate euro-techno until I rented this DVD. The music was composed by talented director/writer Tom Tywker and performed by his leading lady (on- and off screen) Franka Potente, who is brilliant and charismatic as Lola. The story is simple: Lola has 20 minutes to<BR>make up for the loot lost by his hapless boyfriend Manni or Manni will be killed. There are three alternatives to the story, each detailing how one's actions could have consequences on others who cross their path. Many have compared this to other what-if flicks such as &quot;Sliding Doors&quot;. But this film benefits from not having a terribly self-conscious Gwyneth Paltrow having another bad attempt at a British accent.<BR>The movie is fast, euroccentric, and you wouldn't believe that you'd been staring at the screen for 90-minutes. More exciting than a soccer match.
B000021XS0|4.0|This is easily one of the best cd's of the 90's and the best DT work since &quot;Awake&quot; in 94'.  I'm impressed with Kevin Shirley's mix-everything sounds great and Jordan Rudess does a great job on keyboards.  I like Kevin Moore the best, but Rudess is a close second.  The songwriting here is all tight and the story is very interesting.  Concept albums are a tricky thing, some work, others don't.  In this case it works.  The DVD from last year helps to flesh out the story a bit and also helps to explain it.  It's a bit hard to discern everything just from the liner notes.  This disc rekindled my interest in the band.  Don't care for one song-otherwise five stars (4 &amp; 1/2 stars).  Highly recommended.
B000002I4S|4.0|This is a brilliant and classic record of course, but I'm deducting a star for the &quot;bonus tracks&quot;. How about we stop MESSING with brilliant and classic records? <br />Re: &quot;Golly. All my friends rant and rave about John Coltrane and how good he is. He just knows how to play really fast. His solos sound like he is making them up as he goes along. This guy needs to take some lessons from some real sax masters like Kenny G.&quot;<br />This is probably a joke, but just in case: Yeah, there is a word for &quot;making up [solos] as [you go] along&quot;, and that word is J-A-Z-Z. This is a word Kenny G. needs desparately to discover the meaning of. (But first he needs to get a last name.)
B000005H7D|5.0|Blue Train is probably Coltrane's most celebrated disc.  It is one of my favorites along with \\"My Favorite Things\\", \\"Crescent\\", \\"Coltrane's Sound\\", \\"Giant Steps\\", and \\"John Coltrane & Johnny Hartman\\"  The horn sound here is incredible thanks to knob-turner extraordinaire Rudy Van Gelder.  A shining moment for a number of Trane's sideman like Freddie Hubbard and Curtis Fuller.  Every track is great and this disc also contains some multimedia that is very nice.  A must have.
B00005NTJM|1.0|This WAS a classic work. (Things change, don't they?) The &quot;bonus tracks&quot; (three of which are cuts from &quot;Living in the Past&quot;) have ruined it. If the persons responsible really wish to atone for the great disparity between the cost of making CD's and their price, they should merely lower the price, and quit messing with classic records. Of course they don't; the &quot;bonus tracks&quot; and &quot;remastering&quot; are a sales gimmick, and that is all. Read my lips: the operative term here is M-O-N-E-Y.
B000003N7K|5.0|EASILY one of the most beautiful albums EVER recorded.  Coltrane sounds great. Hartman sounds great. Trane's sax playing is smooth as butter and Tyner's piano is warm and embracing.  Turn the lights down, grab your loved one and enjoy. Absolutely essential.
B00005JKQX|5.0|This was a most enjoyable movie.  It not only endorsed a deep love and long and faithful marriage in spite of enormous difficulties, but gave you a small understanding of the suffering that Scitzophrenics go through.  It was a love story on the same scale as \\"Titanic\\".<br />I enjoyed the portrayals of the characters.  They were very believable.  It kept my attention to the end.  The twists and turns had you wondering what was real and what was not.  It was as hard for the audience as the patient.  the added pleasure was that it didn't have explosions, car chases, and bad language.  I don't usually watch a movie a second time, but this one I would add to that short list.  I learned something.  I learned a new tollerence and a new view of this desease.  I felt that it made me a better person just for the watching.  It was an added bonus that the story was true.<br />I could have taken my mother-in-law to this movie.  It told an excellent story without all the gimicks to attract the public.  Well done.  I expect the Oscars to recognize this film.
B000003N7G|5.0|Coltrane's most famous work and deservedly so. Picture yourself on 125th in New York City on a hot, hot summer day or outside of Birdland at night when the steam rises from the sewer grates; the pavement is glistening while the subway roars by. People are hanging out of apartment windows while kids play ball in the street. Listening to \\"A Love Supreme\\" makes me think so much of these things.<br />This is a great recording that highlites Coltrane's growing integration of music and his own spirituality. No, actually, this is one the THE greatest recordings in the history of sound. <br />Coltrane's spiritual quest began in the late 1950's and he credited it/him/God with helping him kick heroin. When he returned to playing music (with Miles Davis) he was a changed man. Until his death in 1967, he continually tried to marry his admiration for 'God' or some universal force, with his music. \\"A Love Supreme\\" is the high-watermark of his efforts. The liner notes are great in this impulse! reissue-they include John's original 'prayer' upon which the music is based. Trane, Tyner, Jones, & Garrison meld together in beautiful symbiosis. <br />Absolutely essential.
B00000K44W|5.0|Definetely one of the best Jethro Tull's albums. Melodies, lyrics, Mr. Ian Anderson is a master!!!!!
B000003489|5.0|...make it this one.  This is a killer set from 59' that revolutionized jazz.  Trane and bassist Paul Chambers often sound like they are in a race.  As a bass player, listening to this cd is like attending a masterclass!  The title track is a watershed moment for tenor sax and the beautiful ballad &quot;Naima&quot; should have silenced Trane's critics who complained about his 'sheets of sound' style of playing in the late 50's.  A masterwork-essential.
6305358613|4.0|Few historical movies have been good enough to overlook the historical fact and just plain applaud the performances and the visual work. &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is one of those movies. The performance by Cate Blanchett is just simply amazing, and she should have won more than a Golden Globe for it. Shekhar Kapur's direction is great, and Geoffrey Rush's experience is evident as the quiet but deadly advisor. The movie moves quickly, and Blanchett is breataking. Joseph Fiennes is annoying, and Vincent Cassel is hilarious. &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is well written, well directed, and well acted. A definate success.
B000003N8R|5.0|I don't know why, but this cd, much like \\"Coltrane's Sound\\" seems to be less acknowledged than his most famous sessions. Yet, this is a remarkably powerful and beautiful album, especially the first two tracks and the song \\"Lonnie's Lament\\", a 12 minute late-night low-light song. The title track is a classic as is \\"Wise One\\", which was supposedly written by John for his wife-much like \\"Naima\\" from Giant Steps.  I guess the word that describes this whole album is sublime-every jazz fan should own this. Essential.
B00005QZWJ|5.0|It's amazing how Howard Shore can turn from very soft and charming tunes (like Gandalf's arrival to The Shire), to extremely dark and powerful (Moria). His capacity to show us music that is really as magical as the film and the book is shown through the wonderful and diverse themes, even including some music that is supposed to have been written by elves (it's in elvish, too).<br />The Enhanced CD link is good, with many clips in Quicktime and exclusive e-cards.<br />Great Buy!!!
B00005NNT1|5.0|If you love good stories and good animations, then you will like this video.
0451527046|4.0|The book \\"Treasure Island\\" is one of the greatest books ever made! The author of the book, Robert Louis Stevenson, is a literaly genius. His book had all the necessary parts to make the reader read for hours. It is a story of a young boy and a mean pirate, known as Long John Silver, and his terrible band of pirates. It is a story that has a perfect mix of good and evil, which leaves the reader wanting to know what is going to happen next.<br /> It all begins when Captain Billy Bones stays at the Admiral BenBow Inn where Jim Hawkins and his mother live. Jim shows the captain to his room and then tells him where the dining room is. When Jim asks for his name, he tells him to call him Captain. A few days later, a man comes to the Inn to visit Bill. Jim tells him there is no one there by the name of Bill, but there that there is someone called Captain. Just then the Captain opens the door and says \\"Black Dog\\". Then Bill asks Jim to leave them alone for a while. A few minutes later, Jim hears a loud smash and runs out to find out what is happening with both of them. Black Dog decides to leave the place after the fight. The next day the Captain faints and Dr. Livsey informs that the Captain has suffered a stroke and is not allowed to drink rum anymore. The next day a blind man comes to the Inn and asks to talk to Bill. Jim tells him that Bill is sick and isn't able to see anyone. The blind man grabs his arm and says he will break it if he doesn't tell him where the captain is. Jim gets very scared and leads him to Bill's room. The blind man gives Bill a piece of paper with a dot on it and on the back it says: \\"You have six hours until we return\\". Bill tells Jim the pirates were coming to the Inn in six hours and, if he didn't live long enough that he should take the key and open up his treasure chest and take the map. Jim doesn't understand what Bill is talking about and, when he turns around, Bill drops dead on the floor with a bottle of rum in his hand. <br />This is just a small part of the excellent book. As you can see, this book is an amazing novel of adventure. It is much better than other books I have read, because it contains good plots, moral lessons and exciting action scenes.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Fresh....says it all!  I absolutely love this CD. Each song is so unique and such a joy to listen to....just kick back, relax and let India Arie do the rest.  I have to say this was one of the BEST CDs of 2001.  A must have....you won't regret it!
B00005QZWI|1.0|I really enjoyed the music in Lord of the Rings and wanted to be able to have a soundtrack of it.  Unfortunately, what is sold as a soundtrack isn't.  In order to add some completely worthless \\"enhanced content\\" (i.e. a single picture that matches the one on the cover and a link to their web site), they turned the whole CD into a computer disk rather than an audio disk.  I want to be able to listen to music in my living room from my stereo, not be stuck with something that can only play from my computer.  If your computer happens to be where you want to listen to music anyway, then the music on here is great.  Otherwise, like me, you're out of luck.  Apparently there isn't going to be any audio release of this music.  :-(
B000001FS3|5.0|Joshua tree is still as good now as it was when U2 released the album in 1987. From start to finish, the band delivers great songs after great song. This album definetely helped to make U2 one of the biggest bands in the world. Joshua Tree helps to show why they deserve to be one of the biggest bands in the world.
6304602979|3.0|I can't believe no one mentions the film that this one almost directly copies...all the way down to Elvis and a grotesque killer-for-the-joy-of-it.  Yeah, &quot;True Romance&quot; is good, especially the fringe characters played by Gary Oldham, Michael Rapaport, Bronson Pinchot, and especially Christopher Walken and Dennis Hopper (their scene together is truly brilliant).  But three years earlier, David Lynch made the same twisted movie and called it &quot;Wild at Heart&quot;.  Nicholas Cage and Laura Dern are far more compelling than the rather plastic Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette (who must have studied Dern's performance, she's so much like her).  And style?  Tarantino and Tony Scott are no match for David Lynch, and if you like outrageous, over-the-top performances, Willem Dafoe's Bobby Peru is even more memorable (and terrifying) than Oldham's Drexel.  In addition, &quot;True Romance&quot; lacks a truly dark center, which WAH had in spades with Diane Ladd (who received an Oscar nomination for her vicious work).  Enjoy and appreciate &quot;True Romance&quot; if you like -- and I DO enjoy it.  But don't call it brilliant (I can't) until you've seen &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; -- and after that you won't want to.
B000001FS6|4.0|Having never seen U2 live, rattle and hum is a good substitute because they live songs like helter skelter, and bullet in the blue sky are excellent. When love comes to town with BB King is one of the best songs of U2's career.
B00005RHGK|5.0|The First time i watched this movie it was daylight and I was hooked. But trust me this movie is even more scrier in the dark at midnight all alone. I made that mistake the second time i watched it, my friend ended up falling asleep and I was so f***** scared out of my mind, even more than the first time.<BR>I had to buy this movie and DVD. The only thing about the movie I didnt like was the ending It wasnt bad, It's just that I can't believe that they let the movie end with that happening. But I cant give it away. The plot of this movie is great these writers should win awards in the beginning we meet Darry(Justin long) and Trish(Gina Phillips) two siblings on Spring Break, Everything is fine until they discover something about a driver with the licsense plate BEATINGU, think about it. )nce they discover this creatures terrible secret their break is a nightmare. I dont want to ruin it too much for you but once you see this movie you'll have to buy it.And you'll see who hears Jeepers Creepers in the dark.<br />If you own a DVD player buy the dvd because you get tons of extras. Deleted scenes, they shouldn't delete scenes,an alternatve ending is just as creepy as the one they did use. Interviews, Photo galleries and much more trust me Jeepers Creepers is one movie you dont want to miss!
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater has been creating great progressive rock under the radar of MTV and top 40 radio for years now.  Their music is a combination of creative passion and technical virtuosity that expertly melds wide-ranging genres.  This album lives up to the high standard that the band's previous releases have set.  Although this is a double CD set, the mood and delivery of the two disks is so starkly different that they could have easily been released as two separate CD's.<BR> <BR> Moody dark introspection permeates the first disk, which begins with tightly coiled aggression in The Glass Prison, which is the band's heaviest song to date.  All of the songs on the disk are excellent, with Misunderstood, a song about self-doubt and realization that begins slowly and then builds to a brooding creshindo, being the standout track. <BR> <BR>The second disk is musically more light and airy despite the occasional crunch of a guitar riff. The forty-two minute title track is a collection of stories that depict various forms of mental illness while remaining upbeat and positive about the worth of the individuals.  The tracks themselves are solid, but as a whole lack connection and sense of purpose, which waters down a journey into emotionally volatile subject matter.  <br />The immense strength of disc one more than makes up for the minor flaws in disc two.  I am overall impressed with the CD set both musically and lyrically.  Dream Theater once again succeeded in creating an album that personifies modern progressive rock.
B00005RFAI|4.0|This CD was very good. It mostlikely would hae recieved 5 stars but there was this one song that i just can't stand. I thought the CD was very outgoing and is a good follow up for 'can't take me home'. <br />Get this party started was my favorite song. I thought it was sweet how she add 'My Vietnam' to the album (she and her father used to sing it when she was little). The songs sort of had the same vibe, but not the always so recognizeble vibe but THE vibe thats the perfect fit.
B00003CXXI|5.0|This movie is so much fun; it appeals to all ages.  My kids have watched it more times than I can tell you!  It was well worth the money I paid for it, if they don't wear it out.
B00005QDW1|5.0|This CD is mo much fun to listen to in the morning :)
B00005UEAR|5.0|This album is totally insane! It's totally new and totally different from anything Dream Theater has ever released, but a must have for any fan.  The first cd is made up of five tracks and sounds some what like Awake and Liquid Tension Experiment put together, but with a whole new attitude.  The second cd is made up of the title track, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, and is totally amazing.  It tells an epic story of someone going insane and being put in an institution.  Once again, Dream Theater does not disappoint!  This is a must have!
B00005U1YO|5.0|WOW! This album blew me away! I didn't think that it could top SURRENDER [in my opinion, the best Chemical Brothers album to date] when I went and bought it.  How wrong I was.  This album is insane - it's just so good! It's just one huge freaking sonic hip-hop dance party.  It flat-out rocks. <BR>&quot;Come With Us,&quot; the mindblowing opener, complete with strings and dance grooves ... then &quot;Star Guitar,&quot; a breezy, light jam unlike anything I've heard in a while ... then segue ourselves into &quot;The Beth Orton Collaboration,&quot; - &quot;The State We're In.&quot; While it isn't as good as &quot;Where Do I Begin,&quot; [what is?] it still is a pulisng, trip-hopping psychedelic masterpiece.  But wait, you've got to wait for the best (thanks to Mr. Cocker for that one!) <BR>&quot;The Test,&quot; starring one Mr. Richard Ashcroft, is, in my panicked state of Chemical-frenzy, the best Brothers song EVER . It's a four-on-the-floor, ode to partying masterpiece - it's got the signature amazing Brothers drumming in back, the signature swirl of beats ... but it just works this time like never before.  Truly awe-inspiring - just like this entire album.  <BR>Now, come December, when I look at the Blur, Beck, Blues Explosion, DJ Shadow and Badly Drawn Boy albums I bought in 2002, I'm sure they will all be great.  But none will reach the dizzying dance-floor heights that this masterpiece does.  It is just so good.  Please buy COME WITH US; you won't regret it one bit.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I thought this movie was memorizing.  The music and acting was superb.   Baz Luhrmann is a movie genius.  Who know that Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman had such incredible singing voices?  I did not see this movie in the theatre, I wish now I would have.  I enjoyed this movie so much that I went out and purchased the DVD as well as the sound track.
0671042858|5.0|I will admit that with the thickness, or lack there of, of this book... even as an avid King reader... I was truly hesitant to pick it up.  I am sorry I waited for those few months!<br />  Trisha, the heroin, showed remarkable bravery when she gets lost in the woods... all she wanted to do was teach a little lesson to her Mother and brother.  Armed with her imagination ( sometimes the worst weapon and defense of all) and her walkman, Trisha kept trying to find a way out, only to get in deeper and deeper.<br />This is one of the very few times that I actually hoped for the bad things NOT to happen...I wanted nothing but sunshine and butterflies for Trisha (trust me, I can't explain it either, lol)<br />but nevertheless I was very satisfied at ALL the occurances, details, and depth of this book...<br />I can say only one thing more... don't shy away because it's not a thick book... you'll be very pleased with your purchase!
B00005UEAR|5.0|Being a fan of the group since before &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; broke through, it is sometimes hard to be objective about artists that you have admired for quite some time.  But after listening to this latest release from our modern day protagonists of music theory, I can't imagine any DT fan being disappointed in this.<br />Without getting bogged down in a track by track analysis, Six Degrees contains everything that fans of this band are looking for......and there's lots of it!  Disc one contains 5 tracks, most around the 10 minute mark.  Disc two is home to the behemoth title track which is 42 minutes in length and is presented in 8 parts that flow together in an incredibly musical fashion.<br />As previously mentioned, the staples of any Dream Theater recording are here:  instrumental performances of the highest caliber, the expressive vocals of James LaBrie, and a production job by Portnoy &amp; Petrucci that is immaculate.  The thing that amazes me about these guys after all these years, is how they continue to push the envelope musically as a band.  They are always looking to incorporate new influences and ideas into their work.  For example, on &quot;The Great Debate&quot;, you will notice one section of the song that has almost a TOOL type of feel to it, vocals included.  On the more subtle side, &quot;Goodnight Kiss&quot; has a very atmospheric, almost Floydian soundscape within which the band weaves some incredible textures.<br />Even if you're not a fan of this type of self-indulgent song writing, you have to respect the fact that these guys love to play music that not only challenges them, but their listeners as well.  Buy it, and prepare to be impressed.
B00003W8NM|4.0|For a movie that seems to be a violent from the title or on the first viewing, a second viewing picking up the points  gives a chance to understand a the true esseance of the underlying message. A movie looking violent seems rather philosophical when you see it with an open mind.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|A true feast for the eyes and ears.  Great use of popular music,costume, and plot.  We need more of these fun, colorful musicals.  Nicole Kidman did a wonderful job.  I really thought I would hate it, but I watched and listened and loved it.
B00003CXCQ|4.0|Thinking of the efforts to creat a cartoon movie in the days when there were no computers is just amazing.The movie is more like an gem from the past for its beauty, the colours, the music.
B00003CXXJ|4.0|Eddie Murphy is hilarious in this movie. The animation is a little wooden compared to some later movies, but it's still a fun ride. There. Now, stop bothering me to write a review.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|This is the best DVD I have seen. It was put together by the Director himself. A first for a DVD. The additional features are great. The music superb. With this movie, you either love it or hate, there's no in-between. Hopefully, you'll love it as I did. It is now my favorite movie, ever!<br />The DVD would make a great Valentine's Day gift.
B00005U1YO|5.0|If I was wearing headphones I could be committed, cuz this stuff is insane.  Silky like the last album, but more challenging.  Danceable?  Oh yeah.  Bombastic?  Neighboring.  The density and texture of sounds on this album seems an increase from previous ventures.  It just makes the music all the more comsuming.  Do you want to buy it?  Yes.
B0000025JT|5.0|When &quot;Guilty&quot; appeared the advanced word was Streisand had topped herself and done the best album of her career.  It swept me away and I wondered what I'd think of it 10 or 20 years.  Now I know. It still is an absolutely brilliant piece of work in every facet and at every level.  It certainly proved what has been proven over and over.  Streisand is unpredictable, takes chances, ventures forth and isn't afraid to fall flat on her face, though she hasn't so far God knows!  Every far-out idea of hers somehow finds its public (well, for one, think of doing a Christmas album that really isn't a Christmas album!).  Barbra proves the much-abused public taste really IS good taste.  But look at the goodies she GIVES us to taste!
6304411448|4.0|BENNY AND JOON stars Mary Stuart Masterson as the mentally unbalanced pyro, Joon; Aidan Quinn as her caretaking brother, Benny; and Johnny Depp as the illiterate vagabond, Sam. Benny has been taking care of Joon since their parents died in a car crash. However, he has reached a breaking point. Then Joon wins Sam after losing a poker bet. Kind of weird, huh? Anyway, Joon and Sam fall in love and that leads to complications for Benny. Enough plot summary.<br /><br />This is not a fascinating film on mental illness. Other than the unusual lives of the characters, this movie boils down to a basic romantic comedy, cliches and all. However, the tribute to the classic physical comedy of Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin along with the movies' meaningful, memorable music, make this film a cut above the average and worth watching.
6305470464|5.0|This is a great movie, except for one thing:  Jon Stewart is not naked enough.  And his major bed scenes are with a dog.
B0000013G9|5.0|\\"CrazySexyCool\\" was monumental in the modern pop world.  TLC dominated the charts in the mid-90's with their incorporations of Pop and Hip-Hop. Tons of the songs on the albums are hits (Those include \\"Creep\\", \\"Diggin' On You\\", \\"Red Light Special\\" and of course the summer hit and overplayed \\"Waterfalls.\\"), but my favorites didn't even get released on the radio!  In order of the album my favorite songs go as follows: \\"Case of the Fake People\\", \\"Let's Do It Again\\", \\"If I was Your Girlfriend\\", \\"Switch\\" and \\"Sumthin' Wicked This Way Comes (Feat. Outkast).\\"  That pretty much covers every song on the album! This CD is one of the few that I can listen to all the way through.  That is why I give it five stars.  This is what Pop music is all about.  There is no profain language (Well, maybe in the one interlude *Phonecall* but it's halarious!) and they include a wide range audience, ranging from the hip-hop crowd to the teeny boppers.  If you're thinking of purchasing a TLC album, I reccomend this one out of all of them.  It doesn't include much Hip-Hop (Which can be heard in the \\"FanMail\\" album) and it's not a first album which usually shows a lack of Maturity (\\"Ooooooohhh-On the Tlc Tip\\").  If you heard the songs on the radio and have been contemplating on purchasing \\"CrazySexyCool\\" go ahead.  Listen to all of the other tracks as well.  You won't be dissapointed.
B00003CWL6|4.0|Let me start off by saying this is a truly great movie and in my opinion was the best movie of 1999, but I am grading the entire DVD.<br />This DVD could have been more and had the potential to do so. The writer and director's commentary was very informative but was just not enough. The making of the movie, etc was a nice feature, but I wanted to see more, including the alternate beginning and ending that was much talked about in the commentary.<br />I was happy to see that they included information from the photographer as the lighting was wonderfully done.<br />The picture and sound quality was very nicely done and comes across well even on a smaller television.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Seriously people, if you want Greenday to do yet another version of Dookie then why don't you just go listen to that?  Warning is very mellow compared to the faster pop punk the band used to be known for.  Sure Minority sounds like the Green Day of old but the rest of the album is more of a modern rock album than punk.  <br />The patient listener will fall in love with songs like Blood, Sex, and Booze, Fashion Victim, and the odd Misery.  Billy's lyric content is pretty much the same, dealing with the usual punk messages.  Really though people, if this is selling out, why can't more bands sell out?
B00005UEAR|5.0|This is the best album Dream Theater has ever done.This is what &quot;Progressive&quot; music is all about.This is such an incredibly talented band.The musicianship and songwriting is flawless.These guys really care about creating great music that comes from the soul,and I respect them greatly for continuing to be better with each album.
B000002JKA|5.0|First of all, i cant understand why most... bash Dream Theater for they're attempts to showcase talent and musicanship. As with any \\"musician\\"... the goal of Dream Theater's direction is to captivate they're audiences with MUSIC. Now, when... musicians decide to pick at every aspect of dream theater's compositions, then judging them ultimately for a demeanor that was bias from the very beginning...<BR>As for Awake, and all the rest of dream Theaters albums...I really cant put it more plainly as to say this IS REAL music. Dream Theater envokes mood swings, joyfulness, and adrenelene throught every cd they produce. Listening to the cd, i derive these emotions simply by LISTENING to the cd as a person...and not as an analytical and miserable little musican. Also, I suppose Bach didnt have the SOUL to play like steve ray, or eric clapton, so he must be masterbatory.(maybe its that pentatonic scale...)
B00005R2IS|5.0|I and saw this movie the first day it opened, on the big screen.   In later years, I purchased it on VHS, LaserDisc, DVD(US dubbed) and now Special Edition DVD.   This latest offering is by far the best, and the film is presented the way the director intended.   This film is non stop action, and makes the move to DVD very well.   Picture and sound 100%.   BUT for a US audience, it may be a bit hard to follow, from the perspective of different accent and Australian slang that are common in the movie.   The provision of subtitles does assist the US viewer.   The Trivia track certainly does not, it is rather an insult to the intelligence of any viewer, I'm at a loss to know why it was included.   For example: a conversation between Max and Goose - Goose - \\"Hey Max, he looks.....\\" indicating a man running away, ('he looks'..... like he is in trouble etc. etc.)   The trivia track helpfully states that Goose is saying \\"SEELOOKS\\" i.e. Australian \\"slang\\" for a 'look see'.   Being an Australian, and having never heard of this ANYWHERE, EVER, I wondered what fool made this up and INCLUDED it on the trivia track!!!   Especially as the english subtitles show Goose as saying the correct line (as verified from original script) line \\"Hey Max, he looks....\\". Another example was the Trivia track nominates the location of Max's beach house as \\"Fairhaven, West Australia\\" WRONG, Its' Fairhaven , Victoria.   (If you are not familiar with Australian geography - they didn't miss by much, just the OTHER SIDE  of the continent.   Similar to New York/California).   On and on it goes.   I found the trivia track foolish and stupid, and puts us Australians in a bad light.   US buyers - buy the DVD, its the best yet!!!! (Just don't even bother with the trivia.)<br />Mark, Melbourne. Jan 02.<BR>USA we're with you Sept 11 2001.
B000002C1W|1.0|Now, I was born on Floyd. Literally. Me mum and dad listened to them when I was still in her tummy. I first watched the Wall when I was 10, I think. And I have most of the albums (I don't have Pulse or Distant Sound of Thunder... Go figure, heh).<br />So, I'm what you would call from the Waters school of thought: I absolutely cannot stand Momentary Lapse of Reason. The only good \\"Floyd\\" song on it is Yet Another Movie (and Round and Around). Most of the songs are either too flat (lacking the Waters Bass touch), or too high (the horrible Learning to Fly) to be good Floyd.<br />I hear people all the time bashing Final Cut, which I absolutely cannot fathom. FC is infinitely better than MLR, as the moodiness of it fits the drug theme pervalent throughout most of the bands music.<br />Much of MLRs music almost does seem to be imitative of older Floyd: \\"The Dogs of War\\" == \\"Dogs\\"? Or \\"A New Machine\\" == \\"Welcome to the Machine\\"? The first time I listened to the album, I figured, \\"hey! I liked The Division Bell, and that didn't have Waters!\\"<br />It seems to me that for the short instant after winning Floyd to himself, Gilmour was on a power trip, and tried to steer the band along lines of music more hip at the time. MLR just doesn't feel like old Floyd. It doesn't have the length and ambiguity of Animals. It doesn't have the surrealistic acid trip feel of Saucerful of Secrets. Nor the wonderful instrumentals of Ummagumma. Nor long pieces like Echoes or Atom Heart Mother.<br />I star, my fellow Floydians, is too high a mark for this disappointment.
B000002B1M|5.0|nothing needs to be said about this album.  just listen and you'll find out for yourself
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater have done it again, this time with redirecting focus into more of an experimental element. Dream Theater, the virtual Kings of Progresive Rock music, have always been defined by their knack for not being pigeonholed into a particular musical genre. The band has always been known for their true virtuosity in musicianship and Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is no exception. With elements ranging from Classical to Fusion to Heavy Metal, Six degrees of Inner Turbulence is a fresh, vibrant, creative and well produced piece of musical art, that broadens the musical horizons in ways the listener at first cannot comprehend. The album deals conceptually with more darker and controversial issues without preaching, and defines Dream Theater as clearly the finest professional musicians alive today. The only advice one can give the listener is to sit back relax,close your eyes,and be prepared to take off into a musical journey that will blow your mind. Put this album in your musical collection!
B00005UOKM|5.0|This is one of those albums that will remind you why you started listening to Jazz inthe first place. Hutcherson's first album as leader is exceptional, with first-rate solo playing by all concerned. Compositions both atonal and beautiful at the same time. If you are not afraid to take a chance musically, buy this album.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater have done it again, this time with redirecting focus into more of an experimental element. Dream Theater, the virtual Kings of Progresive Rock music, have always been defined by their knack for not being pigeonholed into a particular musical genre. The band has always been known for their true virtuosity in musicianship and Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is no exception. With elements ranging from Classical to Fusion to Heavy Metal, Six degrees of Inner Turbulence is a fresh, vibrant, creative and well produced piece of musical art, that broadens the musical horizons in ways the listener at first cannot comprehend. The album deals conceptually with more darker and controversial issues without preaching, and defines Dream Theater as clearly the finest professional musicians alive today. The only advice one can give the listener is to sit back relax,close your eyes,and be prepared to take off into a musical journey that will blow your mind. Put this album in your musical collection!
B000059MEK|5.0|The first time I heard this album, something inside me wanted to hate it. It wasn't the Daft Punk I had known from before. I wanted the raw-beats of Homework... This was so much more, hmm, pop. I tucked the cd away, ashamed. Then I started listening to it again. Slowly I realised the beauty of Daft completely selling out. They made a truly beautiful pop album. Once I got over the fact that it was pop, i truly enjoyed it. So, if you liked Homework, you might have some trouble adjusting to this recording. But, trust me, it is worth it.
B00003CXA6|4.0|As a woman, it's hard to be enthusiastic about a war movie, yet with Gettysburg I am just that.  The book was enthralling - the movie true to the book.  To watch the personal struggles each general faces when ordering his men into battle and sure death is captured very well.  Berenger, in a wonderful performance as General Longstreet, truly captures Longstreet's agony when ordering his men to march across a one mile open stretch into blazing guns.  Daniels, as Chamberlain, gives a moving performance as he tries to rally his men to fight for the cause.  Probably Jeff Daniels best role to date.  Richard Jordan's performance as General Armistead, is the most moving of all as he discusses with Longstreet, his personal dilema with raising his hand against his best friend.  Truly a struggle between brothers, friend against friend. Well done!  A must see.  A must read, as well!!
B00004YW6I|5.0|This album somewhat reminds me of U2's latest: neither record explores any new ground and seems far less ambitious compared to the previous work, but that doesn't matter one bit because the songs are simply excellent, full of unmistakeable character, and are no less emotionally charged. In a way \\"Stories...\\" goes back to PJ's early work like \\"Dry\\" and \\"Rid Of Me\\", but thankfully without that god-awful ugly production that was apparently supposed to sound \\"raw\\" and \\"real\\", but instead ruined quite a few brilliant songs on both albums. PJ's singing is vivid, powerful, haunting and sexy, and the songs alternate between fast exhilarating rockers like \\"This Is Love\\" and gorgeous slow ballads like \\"Beautiful Feeling\\". Can't wait to see what she does next.
B000002MUW|5.0|It's not easy for an artist to bounce back from hard whippings from critics after an album that is to be considered bad. Madonna, however, found no problem in recording this awesome album after being harshly criticized for the previous, very sexual, dirty 1992 album Erotica. Bedtime Stories, a concept album, in which Madonna tried R&B, is definitely my most favorite of Madonna's albums. Why?<br />Bedtime Stories was everything that Madonna had never done before. Whereas the Queen of Pop was known for her 80s dance music (like Into The Groove), ballads (like Crazy For You), and pop/rock (like Like A Prayer), Bedtime Stories is a brilliant masterpiece of urban music. The album kicks off with Survival, a brilliant mid to up-tempo track that should have been released as the first single. It moves on to Secret, another brilliant, but more acoustic semi-ballad that was the first hit single. The next two songs, I'd Rather Be Your Lover and Don't Stop, are both urban mid-tempo tracks, but are not the album's finest. Inside Of Me, in my opinion, is the greatest ballad on this album. Human Nature was a good stab back at the critics who went harsh on her and it included a great urban sound. Forbidden Love is a mid-tempo song with R&B written all over it. Love Tried To Welcome Me is, hmmm, too slow and slushy for my taste. Tracks 9 and 10, Sanctuary and Bedtime Story, were both the twist of the album. Sanctuary is a blend of spiritual electronica with an R&B bassline and it flows into Bedtime Story, a purely electronica dreamy, toy-with-your-subconscious track. Last but not least is Take A Bow, the overrated oriental flavored R&B hit. I think it's a good track (not as good as what it's hyped up to be), but I think the greatest part of it is its position on the album- last ballad track on an album that flowed with bright urban, then twisted to dark electronica, and finally, la piece de resistance- Take A Bow.<br />For any Madonna or just urban music fans out there, I HIGHLY recommend this album. Pick it up if you want to listen to some truly great music from a legendary artist.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Have Dream Theater done it again, or what?<br />I had to shop at four different stores before finally finding it.  It was worth all my efforts.<br />This has to be Dream Theater's most creative album to date.  The first disc is definitely different.  All you fans out there will agree that tracks such as &quot;Disappear&quot; and &quot;Misunderstood&quot; are not your usual DT, but nonetheless the more you listen to them, the more they grow on you.<br />I am listening to Disc 2 right now.  Wow.  How do they do it?  These are the best tracks ever from DT.  I am speechless.<br />Dream Theater, music as it should be.
B00005JKCF|5.0|I'm a Fan of Spidey Since I Was 7. I think this movie is what most of us waiting in terms of quality, fx, crew, and story. I've already buy the copy of the #1 magazine at amazon and I will close my business at may 3rd. to see te movie.<br />Thanks!!
B00005UEAR|4.0|Dream Theater is one of my all time favorite bands so I picked this up the day it was released.  I have given it several listens(a neccessity for a DT album) and it showcases the trademark chops and tight playing the band is famous for and has a little something for everybody.<BR>This two-disc set features 5 stand alone songs on disc 1 and disc 2 is a mini-concept album.  The songs on disc 1 are awesome, my favorite being &quot;Blind Faith&quot;.  There just isn't a better collection of musicians gathered in one band anywhere.  Disc 2's concept revolves around sanity and often has a circus or carnival-like atmosphere.  The music isn't as dark as the material would suggest.  It also is not as good as their masterpiece &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; but that was a full concept album and not a mini.<BR>Still, as a whole, this is a excellent album that's much better than most of what is out there that all just sounds the same.<BR>Good job guys, there are few bands in the world today that please their audience like Dream Theater!
6303029027|5.0|The Bronx Tale is undoubtedly one of the best movies that brings back old memories of growing-up Italian in the 50's and 60's. We all knew who the wiseguys were, we knew what they did, and we knew how to skillfully observe their actions but at the same time avoid their indiscretions. Robert De Niro tries everything to keep his only child away from the bad guys; unfortunately, it takes death and destruction to teach the young man a valuable lesson. One of my favorite scenes was the confrontation between the vegetable peddler and the children who loved to harrass him. I can remember having the same \\"fun\\" with the \\"rag-man\\" forty years ago. The nicknames of the gangsters and their customers are all too familiar to an Italian kid from the inner city. I received a valuable education from the streets and one from formal education just like C did. A great movie to enjoy, especially if you are Italian, if not just relax and have some fun.
0140177396|5.0|Steinbeck is the master of targeting the deepest emotions that we can experience each and every day.  In Grapes of Wrath it was poverty.  In Of Mice and Men it is the depth of friendship.  How far are you willing to go to honor the bond that you have forged with your best friend?  This classic is short, three or four hours worth of powerful dialouge that will leave you breathless.  Skip the Sunday matinee' this weekend and read a true winner.
0385486804|5.0|As a high school classmate of John McCandless I was compelled to read this book as a matter of personal interest. I was completely surprised at how well Jon Krakauer crafted the story of Chris' journey. It's a book that not only appeals to wanderers and travellers and recluses, but to those of us who have journeyed into our own souls, questioned society and our place in it. Chris took this journey to an extreme and unfortunately met his demise before he could reconcile himself with society. I admire Krakauer's depth of understanding of Chris. The author respected the young man despite his many shortcomings. If Krakauer hadn't take on this difficult subject - this complicated person - Chris may have become just another one of those reckless losses of life in Alaska's wild. Instead, Krakauer gave Chris' life meaning in the end. That's all that Chris wanted. How ironic.
B00005LMBK|3.0|I was impressed with the fusion of styles on this record. The collaboration of artists works well and keeps you interested throughout. It would be a mistake to only hear &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; and assume the whole album is in the same vein. Damon Albarn and Co. pull each song in a different dirrection and provide a substantial and exploratory album that kept my foot tapping.
B000000993|5.0|Undertow is, overall, a good album. Although I'm probably in the minority on this one, I think \\"Bottom\\" and \\"4\\" stand out on this album, followed up by \\"Sober\\" and \\"Prison Sex\\". \\"Bottom\\" and \\"4\\" were the songs that most indicated the direction the band was going, and though they don't have memorable choruses or riffs like \\"Sober\\" and \\"Prison Sex\\" do, they are still more memorable songs overall.<br />So yeah, buy this CD if you're a fan of good music, but if you're on a limited budget, buy \\"nima\\" first, then System Of A Down's self-titled CD, then Radiohead's \\"Kid A\\", and then Undertow.
6305358567|4.0|The big-screen movie adaptation of the early years of Elizabeth I starts with the arresting image of a group of preachers being burnt at the stake in the reign of Mary I.  After her death the 25 year-old Elizabeth succeeds her and the movie basically chronicles the queen's loss of innocence as she learns the pressure and pain of being the monarch.<br />As a history student, this is hardly what you might call historically accurate.  Indeed, the subtext with Robert Dudley is spiced up here.  However, most of this comes to cramming such a monumentous event as a queen's reign into the running time.  This is definitely a historical epic for the 21st century in that it is vibrant and full of intrigue, blood and sex.  This is only too apparent in several memorable scenes, especially the ending, which sees the execution of Northumberland and Elizabeth's hair being shorn off due to her brush with smallpox.  In many ways this is a kind of feminist theatre, with Elizabeth attempting to prove herself to her council, scared of subordination if she marries.  The idea of a woman on the throne was of particular significance at the time, with three queens in Europe - Elizabeth, Mary Queen of Scots and Catherine deMedici effectively ruling France.  If there's one scene which lingers long in the mind though, it's the pillar of strength that Elizabeth is forced to become when the film ends and we see her proclaim that she is married to her people.<br />Cate Blanchett's performance is extraordinary as her wide-eyed innocence gradually becomes the stern face of resilience.  She turns Elizabeth into a person rather than merely a historial figure.  Fiennes, as her love interest is interesting, with the audience never really knowing whether they can trust him or not.  What's also impressive is the well-realised relationship between Elizabeth and Cecil, later Lord Burghley.  The supporting cast is top-notch, and there's even Eric Cantona thrown in there.<br />The recent trend in historical epics has been a joy to watch, although there's rarely a central female performance of such power than Cate Blanchett's here.
B00004U30D|3.0|It truly amazes me how so many people gave this five stars - these people are easily impressed.  The film IS good, downright hilarious at points, almost in the vein of Pulp Fiction.  Kevin Spacey is very good, outside the unnecessary opening shower scene.  The film does have some very thinly veiled anti-American themes.  Some examples include the depiction of nuclear families as groups of dysfunctional freaks and those with \\"alternative lifestyles\\" as \\"with it\\" and \\"happening\\".  Further, hatred for the United States Marine Corp and those who exercise 2nd Amendment rights reveals more about the agenda of the film's makers than an even remotely accurate portrayal of American suburban life.  I would have less problems with these P.C. messages, which I've come to expect from Hollywood, had the entire film been a comedy (which it truly should have been) or if it was being faithful to a book, but I can find no evidence of the film being based upon a novel.  Therefore, only 3 stars instead of 4.
B00003CY0V|2.0|I bought the DVD after seeing Swordfish in the theater, mostly because I was impressed with the effects. While truly blockbuster in effects, even the talent (and body) of the fine Halle Berry can't support the lurching, smarmy dischord of the Point-Break-rehash script or Travolta's tired, played-out badguy act. It was terrible enough back in Broken Arrow.<br />Save a few bucks and get the only part of Swordfish worth repeating, Paul Oakenfold's wicked cool soundtrack.
0446678430|1.0|This book should be free since it offers little more than Robert Kiyosaki selling his other books and games.  If you want to retire young and retire rich, own a little real estate and write a lot of lousy books.  That is the message I received.
B00005QDW1|1.0|I don't know how this happened, but the No Doubt I've known and loved for years has somehow been replaced by not-so-delicious Folgers Crystals! How they could put their name on this sleazy thrust at top-40 playlists is incomprehensible to me. After all the hullabaloo over the band's image when the first Tragic Kingdom videos were shot, this kowtow to mediocrity just serves as confirmation that these talented and intelligent folks have completely sold out.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I've just heard this cd and I think it's the best album recorded ever. Amazing performances by the members of the band.
B00003CXZ3|5.0|Has its flaws, but am giving it top rating for originality and balls. The script should win an Oscar. I have to give kudos to Guy Pearce because I didn't think I'd seen him before, and thought, \\"He's the new Steve McQueen.\\" Only after I saw the movie did I realize I HAD seen him before...in L.A. CONFIDENTIAL..where he played a nerdy (but heroic) character! He went from nerd to noir-cool with no problem!
6305657947|5.0|This is an outstanding film and a worthy addition to anyone's collection. I think it bests the earlier (1968) McQueen version by a mile. The photography is fabulous and the locations are spectacular.  <br />  You won't get bored watching this one.  It will keep you glued to the screen during its entire length.  Pierce Brosnan does a great job, and his proficiency at acting is very evident here. He seems more natural, more at ease than in his Bond films(though he does a good job in them). He was born to play Thomas Crown.  He really shines as the super-rich playboy, and is very believeable in the part.<BR> <BR> Rene Russo is also extremely well cast in this gem of a film.  She and Brosnan display a great chemistry, and their relationship is very believable, unlike some pairings which do not display any spark or fire. <br />Buy this film with confidence, it represents tremendous entertainment value. A definite 5-star effort.
0393316041|4.0|This autobiography is a joy to read.<br />Usually books from physicists suffer in their attempt to make the language of mathematics understandable to the public by means of analogies that confuse the issues even more. <br />This book will not confuse the layman. But it'll befuddle anyone lacking in a sense of humor. <br />Perhaps the most important question it poses is what constitutes genius? Or a man of genius? How does a brilliant mathematician go around taking wild leaps in logic and landing on his feet?<br />Apparently having a soul, a sense for the absurd, and a taste for babes really helps. <br />That's an interesting counter to all the 'self evident' sermonizing about genius being 99% hard work , the capacity for taking infinite pains, etc, etc.<br />Of course, one could argue that learning to pick up and score with women in one night by means of letting THEM buy YOU drinks or hanging out with the Nick the Greek in Las Vegas to fathom how he made a fortune in spite of the house odds IS very hard and painstaking work.<br /> What can one say? Feynman had a blast. So will the reader.
0385505833|5.0|I loved the story, but having read some of the negative comments I can't help but wonder what has happened to our sense of humor?<br />True, this little book is not written in the typical Grisham style but nonetheless, it's a refreshing change and a short but sweet read. Exaggerated comical satire, with shades of the late whimsical Erma Bombeck, prevail throughout the story as a former yuppie couple are suddenly faced with the cold hard facts of 'empty nest syndrome'. The husband conjures a brainstorm scheme to skip Christmas the year their daughter leaves the nest to embark on a new adventure to Peru with the Peace Corps. He convinces his wife that in lieu of spending the usual astronomical sum for Christmas commercialization in the way of expensive gifts, elaborate outdoor lighting, lavish dinners and parties to instead indulge themselves in a luxury cruise to the Caribbean. However, the neighbors in this tight knit community are diehards in their Christmas traditions and spirit.  When they find out, they rebel and subtley do everything possible to make their life miserable. Despite my many outbursts of hearty laughter as the story unfolds, the unpredictable ending actually left me with misty eyes and a warm fuzzy feeling inside.
B00005RDRO|5.0|I have waited for a very long time for \\"Murder by Death\\" to appear on DVD since I've almost worn out my tape.  It's one of those movies you can watch over and over again and keep discovering something new.  The cast is impecible, the direction sharp and the writing fast and funny.  There are also quite a few extras on the disc that make it worthwhile if you already have the tape.<br />The basic plotline is fairly simple - the worlds greatest detectives have been invited to the house of Lionel Twain for dinner and a murder.  Several of literature's most beloved detectives are gently skewered for our enjoyment (like Miss Jessica Marbles and Mr. Perrier).  During the course of the night almost every plot hole that has ever existed in a dime novel thriller or bad 1940's moviei exploited hilariously.  And at the break of dawn the next morning you're left scratching your head as to what actually happened, but instead of being frustrated your laughing yourself silly.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I was apprehensive about buying this album. Why? Because Scenes From a Memory was a masterpiece! There was no way the group could pull it off again---but they did. They have evolved into a slightly more \\"jam-like\\" group.<br />The second CD with Six Degrees is the real tresure. It reminds me of Scenes, but is more sophisticated. The intro and first movement were pieces of art! I would pay $200 easy to attend a Dreat Theater concert that includes an actual orchestra. They use a synthesized one for the album, but it WORKS.<br />If you like Dream Theater, or Prog Metal/Rock in general, check out this new expansion of that universe!
B000002MFN|4.0|Madonna's two singles, Justify My Love and Rescue Me, from the 1990 greatest hits album Immaculate Collection, were definite forecasts of a sexual storm arising from Madonna. Two years later, we saw the sexual rebellion come along with Madonna's triple play of surprises- the Sex Book, the movie Body of Evidence, but most of all, the album Erotica.<br />Musically, there was a unique turnover of style, which was shown with Justify My Love and Rescue Me along with change of sexual attitude. Madonna turned over her eighties dance/pop songs for a more mature collection of house/disco hybrids. The songs on Erotica were brilliantly produced works of house beats mixed with splash of dance.<br />The album kicks off with Erotica, which is a very sexual S&M style song, but has a certain darkness to it that enhances its attitude completely. It moves on to Fever, a house song suited more for the dancefloors. Bye Bye Baby is a fun urban style house song that takes the third track position. Deeper And Deeper, is a deeper (no pun intended) form of dance music Madonna released on this album. Where Life Begins is a very naughtily written house ballad, perhaps even dirtier than Erotica. Bad Girl is a mid tempo house styled song which is nothing but mediocre. Waiting, the best song on this album in my opinion, is the epitomy of house, exactly the sound Madonna was reaching for on this album. Thief Of Hearts, another house song mixes in with dance, to form an okay song. Words brings in a slight asian sound to mix in with the house. Finally there is a non-house song on this album, Rain, a great ballad. Why's It So Hard, is once again, house, and is just mediocre compared to the rest of the songs on the album. In This Life is the second ballad on this album, though not as slow or beautiful as Rain and is much darker. Did You Do It (only featured on the explicit version) is a special version of Waiting, in which two guys rap to the beats, while Madonna sings the chorus to the song just ason track 7. Secret Garden, the final track, ends with, once again, house, and blends in a theatrical sound at first, but just emerges to end the album with the same sound it stood for the whole way through.<br />I would have liked to have given this album a five-star rating, however, I felt it wouldn't have been right because the sounds are too repetitive. House is enjoyable only is small doses, and an album that is mostly house, with little or no hits, can become very tiring as Erotica has for me. However, the entire attitude and written work on this album is brilliant and deserves four stars.
0671024256|5.0|This is really not so much a book about writing as it is a conversation.  Whenever Stephen King writes in his own voice, whether it is the foreword or afterward to one of his novels, an essay, or whatever, there is always a strong conversational element, and that is what exactly what you find when you read \\"On Writing.\\"  It is also a book about reading as well and there are also autobiographical elements that take on a life of their own and make you forget they are intended as pivotal episodes in King's realization that he was born to write (as far as I am concerned, he can never talk enough about Tabby).  This latter part takes up the first part of the book and then King turns to the specifics of his craft, detailing the necessary items a writer needs to have in their \\"Toolbox\\" and then talking about the lessons he has learned that he wants to pass along.<br />...he traces back over the superhighway of his own career.  If you are looking for a step-by-step process that will lead to fame and fortune, then you need to look elsewhere.  There are suggestions, helpful hints and even one actual to go assignment (that you can take or leave), but \\"On Writing\\" is still a pleasant conversation with one of the most successful novelists in the history of the written word and not an instructional manual dolling out detailed information that will be covered on a comprehensive final exam.<br />In the end, I think you will discover that King achieves the two most important goals of anyone attempting to \\"teach\\" writer.  First, he will convince you that you WANT to write and that all those impulses knocking through your brain are pretty much the same collection of euphoric thoughts and dastardly doubts with which King is all too familiar.  Second, he will convince you that you CAN write, that there are simple truths that writers can take as being self-evident.  One thing that is also clear by the time you finishing reading this book is that King wrote it as much for his own benefit as he did for those of his reader.  The reason for that, for those of you too involved in reading and/or writing to catch the news from a few years back, is explained in the book's postscript.<br />The final thing I learned from this book was that if you ever hit somebody with your car, it had better not be a writer.  Even if you hit somebody who can go get a good lawyer who will take from you everything you own in court all they can do is rail against you so long and so hard that it will dawn on the jury that while you might be a wretched human being you are probably not one step removed from Hitler.  But a writer can strip you naked before the world with a few choice sentences.  William Wallace fared better when put to death by Edward Longhshanks than does the man who ran down Stephen King.t as he did for those of his reader.  The reason for that, for those of you too involved in reading and/or writing to catch the news from a few years back, is explained in the book's postscript.<br />The final thing I learned from this book was that if you ever hit somebody with your car, it had better not be a writer.  Even if you hit somebody who can go get a good lawyer who will take from you everything you own in court all they can do is rail against you so long and so hard that it will dawn on the jury that while you might be a wretched human being you are probably not one step removed from Hitler.  But a writer can strip you naked before the world with a few choice sentences.  William Wallace fared better when put to death by Edward Longhshanks than does the man who ran down Stephen King.
B00004X01U|5.0|Music is definitely filled with innovation, not only by Madonna herself, but by her co-producers, William Orbit and Mirwais Ahmadzai as well. Music is like nothing that Madonna has ever done before. Ray Of Light was a mere basis for the new turnover to electronica, but the entire image of the album Music is brand new. Ray Of Light was all about spiritualism through the music, redemption of oneself, but overall, it was an introspective masterpiece. Music, on the other hand, is more laid back and brings out Madonna's new cowgirl style along with an electronic sound to it. Overall, the album has got a great western California sound to it because it blends the great western sounds with techno.<br />The album kicks off with Music, the hit single, which combines dance with a trip hop beat and bassline. Impressive Instant was the perfect follow up track, expressing a superb modern euro-electronic sound (thanks to the brilliant half-French Mirwais). Runaway Lover adds the perfect touch to the first trio of electronica tracks on this album; with its fast paced dance sound, it definitely gives off the action effect that is to be felt with its \\"runaway\\" title. The album slows down on track 4 with I Deserve It, a brilliant acoustic western guitar-laden ballad about Madonna's husband Guy Ritchie. The pace speeds up again with Amazing, a fast song that combines electronica with sixties style pop/rock. Nobody's Perfect is the most mediocre of the tracks on the album, it brings out slow electronica with an R&B bassline. Don't Tell Me, is probably the best song on this album because it's the perfect fusion of Madonna's prime elements of Music- western with electronica. What It Feels Like For A Girl is a slow western style song with bits of electronica here and there. Paradise (Not For Me), is the most introspective of songs on this album, blending Mirwais' pure electronica with a japanese-styled backbeat with synth and bassline, which fused for an absolutely perfect track. Gone is the perfect close to the album- slow and mellow just like I Deserve It, with the awesome western-inspired guitar and scattered electronica.<br />This album deserved five stars even though it housed a mere ten tracks because it's quality, not quantity that counts and Madonna has proven herself once again with this masterpiece.
B00005UEAR|5.0|This album is loaded with all of the Dream Theater goodness we have all come to love and respect.  The first disc is jam packed with long songs full of guitar and keyboard solos. I'm just disappointed that Dream Theater isn't touring here in Florida.  I'm extremely jealous of all you people up north who will get to see them in concert.  Buy this CD Dream Theater fans, and revel in it's sweet sweet harmony.
0380973650|4.0|Shadow is released after three years in prison, only to find that his wife has died in a car accident. On his way to the funeral, he meets a man who calls himself Wednesday and offers him employment. Shadow, his life shattered, accepts.<br />This brings him into an ever more mysterious world, for Wednesday turns out to be one of the old gods in the New World. There is a battle coming between them and the new gods, the gods of the Internet and the television, and Wednesday is endeavoring to rally his side for this armageddon, with Shadow's help. Caught up in this conflict and being played as a pawn by both sides, Shadow tries to figure out right and wrong, and what his role should be-as contrasted with what Wednesday and the others want it to be.<br />Saying much more would be giving too much away (and I may have gone too far already). Gaiman evokes this world with superb craftsmanship and skill, creating images that are sometimes horrific and sometimes hauntingly beautiful.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I HAD HUGE EXPECTATIONS FOR THIS, AND I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. TO BE HONEST I JUST BOUGHT IT TODAY AND HAVE NOT YET ISTENED TO DISC 1, BUT DISC 2 IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE. IT IS VERY WELL COMPOSED, AND IMPECIBLY PERFORMED. I EXPECT SUBSEQUENT REVIEWS TO DUB IT THE GREATEST CD THEY'VE DONE AND I DOUBT I WILL DISAGREE AFTER I LISTEN TO THE FIRST HALF. MR. PORTNOY IS A MONSTER AND MR PETRUCCI A GENIUS. JORDAN RUDES PLAYS A HUGE ROLE IN THIS CD AND IS GREAT! PLAY IT LOUD. VERY LOUD!!
0345448898|5.0|In a magical world similar to our own, it begins when a young girl sneaks into a college study and hears things she oughtn't. It ends when a young woman vows to build the Republic of Heaven in her own world.<br />Between is a surpassingly marvelous adventure, switching among universes with kaleidoscopic abandon and filled with such wonders as armored bears, a knife so sharp it can cut passageways between universes, and a mysterious golden dust that permeates all the universes. But with the wonders come horrors: eerie scavengers that can eat your very soul, a brutal regime that performs unspeakable experiments on children, a passage through the land of the dead, guarded by harpies.<br />Pullman is both a master storyteller and a master stylist. These books read clearly and easily, and no matter how extraordinary what he's depicting is, it's clear. He begins simply enough, in an Oxford similar to our own, though everyone has a daemon - a sort of familiar - and there is magic in the air. The first concern is that children are mysteriously disappearing, though this leads to a trip to cold northern lands (where the children have been taken) and eventually to our own world. The stakes and scope continue to build until the conflict is between the forces of Heaven, who want to control the worlds, and those who would wish to go their own way. Pullman develops a unique, \\"magic humanist\\" (as contrasted with secular humanist) viewpoint, telling a gripping tale while making a statement for human reason and individuality versus authority.<br />A classic trilogy.
6305807086|2.0|Yes the beginning was really fine, especially the office scenes on the 7 and a half floor, with the receptionist, the dark haired girl (Keener character), and all the jibes that our hero (Cuzak, not Malkovich, at least not yet) gets from everyone. The \\"history of the building\\" film was cute.  The marionette scenes are nice too, and I even felt some sympathy for this frustrated puppeteer. I'm so out of it, I was not even sure who the Diaz character was, till I read it here. I've read she's supposed to be a real looker, but you'd never guess here! It was amusing seeing the world thru John's eyes for a while too. The movie has a claustophobic feel, and I felt relief at the outdoor shots, Park Avenue and even the Jersey Turnpike scenes after the tunnel trips thru John's mind. Despite a few laughs here and there, especially where John visits his mind and there he is all over the resturant, the rest mostly fell flat.  None of the characters were attractive in the least except perhaps the older doctor,the owner of the filing business. The rest of this film seemed dragged out, and whereas in the beginning the characters had some redeeming value, this greatly dissipates into transexual empty suit roles,and unfunny sexual hijinx and manipulation. It becomes almost a bad cartoon slowly but surely. Maybe another viewing would made the whole thing better and more understandable, but I doubt I'll bother.
B00005U122|4.0|As with the CD of the same name, this gives you a complete overview of Roger Waters carreer from Pink Floyd to his last studio Album Amused to Death.<br />As expected, Roger Waters band is made up of some of the best musicians in the business (like Andy Fareweather-Low now a regular with Eric Clapton). This gives you a great performance of all the songs. I have only seen the video once but I agree with those who have comment on the good video and sound quality. <br />Its hard to listen to the Pink Floyd tracks without comparing them to the original recordings or the most recent live recordings like Pulse. In this case, Water versions have a different light as he makes more emphasis on the vocals and less on copying the original feel or music note by note. Also, the band is made up of three guitarist that take turns in the solos and add their own personal feel to them.<br />Overall you get the complete \\"In the Flesh\\" concert as it was presented live and recorded on the CD. As Roger Waters was a key figure in the Pink Floyd concept you are getting both an antology of Floyd material through his interpretations of songs like Dogs, Set the controls for the heart of the sun, Eclipse, Brain Damage and many other obscure tracks. The special features are based on backstage and soundcheck footage. They are not really essencial but interesting to fans.
B00005JKO3|4.0|A lengthy, but outstanding epic about the wars during the middle ages between the Spaniards and the Moors. Charlton Heston and Sophia Loren deliver good performances. Good scenery and decent acting. A lot of action including jousts and sword fights. Many good supporting actors. A good plot. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys history and movies in the style of Braveheart and Gladiator.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I've been listening to John Mayer now for about 2 years. I have his independent release &quot;Inside Wants Out&quot; and both versions of this album. Simply put this man has got the goods, thoughtful songwriting and great melodies along with a great voice. I dismiss the notion that he is a Dave Matthews wanna-be his music is differnt more laid back and not as experimental. He writes more in the vein of Sting and his singing is deep and controlled more akin to James Taylor. Excellent music it never leaves my car. Highly recommend for anyone who likes great acoustic rock/pop it won't dissapoint.
B000001E21|5.0|I truly feel that this album would've been a lot more successful if Def Leppard had simply not promoted the fact that it consisted of mostly b-sides. Most bands WISH they could write and record songs as good as Def Leppard's b-sides! In fact, despite being a leftovers collection, this album blows away their previous meticulously-assembled studio album \\"Adrenalize\\", which was a virtual song-by-song remake of \\"Hysteria\\". The disc is remarkably cohesive, with an enticing mix of ballads, hard rockers, mood pieces (a Def Leppard signature), and just plain fun tunes. I wouldn't call a single one of these 14 tracks filler. The weakest tune is probably \\"From The Inside\\", and even that's interesting because it's fairly experimental (recorded with wind and acoustic instruments courtesy of the Irish roots-music group Hothouse Flowers) and because it explores the topic of heroin abuse. The Zeppelinesque \\"Desert Song\\" and the pulsating \\"Fractured Love\\" (awesome intro) could've easily been big hits had they not come out at the height of grunge and the early 90's hair-metal backlash. Elsewhere you find the catchy \\"She's Too Tough\\" (recorded by Canadian cheese-metal band Helix in the 80's), the fun \\"Only After Dark\\", a great remake of Sweet's \\"Action\\", and two versions of the big hit \\"Two Steps Behind\\" and three versions of the shoulda-been-a-hit \\"Miss You In A Heartbeat\\" (okay, so maybe there's a LITTLE filler here). Also of great interest is the hard-rocking (as post-\\"Pyromania\\" Def Leppard goes, anyway) \\"Ride Into The Sun\\", a remake of the first song they ever recorded together as a band back in the late 70's. It's what good hard rock should be - simple, repetivite, great riffs, fun tune.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I can sum up this album with one word; WOW!!!  This is the Dream Theater album to own if you have to own just one (although that is basically impossible to own just one).  The album starts off with the explosive little number (almost 14 minutes) \\"The Glass House.\\"  This is definitely a good kicker and head rocker for those who like those heavier Dream Theater songs.  The first disc is full of wonderful little numbers, (all ranging from 7 minutes to 14 minutes, never any dull moments).  \\"The Great Debate\\" is about the ongoing struggle of right and wrong with the Stem Cell Research Issue which is written with good point from John Petrucci.  This disc concludes with the haunting \\"Disappear\\" beautifully written by James Labrie.  The real gem of this 2-disc set is definitely the title track, which is a whopping 42:04 in lenght (although it's divided into 8 different tracks).  This is a song that definitely should establish Dream Theater as one of the all-time heavies in rock music, setting their name in stone if it alreay hasn't (which would be a shame if it hasn't).  Altogether, this album is the epitomy of GREAT music, highly technical and NOT for the average listener who can only understand little 3 minute pop songs.  A DEFINITE for Dream Theater fans and an excellent pick for those who haven't been exposed to the wonderful talents of the five men of Dream Theater.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I definitely went blown away, this album is sooo good!!. <BR>I must confess that it was a little hard for me to get at first-listen the taste of the first cd, that is great!. But... I put the second and I got shocked!!! the 42 min. (aprox) song is one of my favourites DT songs ever!! it's so emotive, with good lyrics and great arrangements, beatiful!. I love this cd entirely.<br />Well... without a doubt for me there are very good songs on the first cd, all great except one... \\"Dissapear\\", that maybe should've been dissapeared from the album because for my taste is very lame and boring sounding like Radio Head. The highlights on the first cd are the progressive techinique of the band and the very well done lyrics related to philosophy, psychology and nowadays social problems.<br />I really recommend this double album. <BR>Technically I think that this is DT's best, and for me the song \\"Six Degrees...\\" is absolutely amazing and maybe the best one!!. \\"A Change of seasons??\\"... you should hear this stuff...
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I love this movie, I bought it on dvd, and watched it four nites in a row! It's got everything you want in a movie. I HIGHLY recommend it! (And Ewan McGregor is soooo cute and i love him!) They are faboulous actors and everyone in it is great.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream THeater has been a favorite band of mine for years and their new offerings leaves me with no disappoint.  The first couple of times you listen to the cds, you are not certain if you like it but you find yourself singing parts throughout the day and urning to listen to it again and aga9in. My favorite tracks on the cd include Glass Prison, Misunderstood, Great Debate and Test that stumped them all.  A very solid picce of work that combines influences from Tool, Pink Floyd, Queensryche, and heavy influences or sounds from the previous studio cd.  Jordan is, by far, the best keyboardist, DT has had.
B000001E77|5.0|This album is indeed, as a previous reviewer wrote, a slightly mixed bag. But the GREAT tracks outweigh and outnumber the weaker ones by far. \\"Coldblooded\\" (\\"gotta be hipper than hip!\\"), the title track (\\"OW - OW - OW - OW- OW - OW - OW- OW - It's HELL!\\" - one of the coolest grooves I've ever heard), \\"I Can't Stand It '76\\" (his third & best version of this track, IMO), \\"Sayin' And Doin' It\\", and \\"Don't Tell A Lie About Me & I Won't Tell The Truth On You\\" (great title!) are only five of the first-rate cuts on this album that have rarely, if ever, been anthologized (not forgetting the 14-minute \\"Papa Don't Take No Mess\\"). There are a few sentimental ballads too. \\"These Foolish Things\\" may be a bit on the sappy side, but \\"A Man Has To Go Back...\\" and \\"Sometime\\" are soulful & excellent. The lesser tracks: \\"When The Saints Go Marching In\\", the latin-style 'Please Please Please' and maybe \\"Stormy Monday\\". Only 3 tracks out of 14, and none of them are that bad really, so they won't keep me from giving 'Hell' 5 stars.
0446608955|4.0|This book was so good! Everything flowed together so nicely, I couldn't put it down. I think that if you are wondering weather ot not to purchase this book, I think that you should. I understand that this book might not be for everyone, but it tells the story of a fist love, that most of us can relate to, but this love is special, and as soon as you finish the book, you will realize how important she was to him.
B00005U122|5.0|If you Love PINK FLOYD, you must buy this DVD, If you love R.Waters; you must buy this DVD.<br />Wonderfull production, song list is great, surround coding is great, visions are wonderful.<br />R.Waters is a kind of \\"Maestro\\" on the stage !<br />3 hour non-stop wonderful music.<br />This DVD is the best one in my 110 Music DVD archive.<br />Thanks Roger.<br />( Hey Roger ! we miss you and we are waiting you in Istanbul. 18 April 2002, dont be late ..! )<br />Thanks from Istanbul, 45 yrs.old PINK FLOYD fan.<br />BORA CETIN
B00005A46T|4.0|great cd, it really is.  but it does lack some of the innovation that was on their first cd.  what i think basically happened is that they took comparisons to korn a little too seriously.  that's why iowa is an almost all-out attempt by them to be as heavy as they think they can be.  iowa is has some cool riffs and some awesome songs but i hope on their next cd, they'll include some of that cool atmospheric sounds found on the first album
B00005RFAI|4.0|Great CD.  There's music you can dance to, music you can relate to.
B00005UEAR|5.0|First of all, I love the studio work by DT as much as most reviewers here. This release has plenty to love -- at 96 minutes, it should. But with that much recording comes weakness. For one thing, how much are John Myung and James Labrie really allowed to contribute to these songs? It doesn't sound like much, even if they get some songwriting credit, and that's a shame because they both have tremendous talent. I don't hear a lot of originality from Petrucci here, either, but then after seeing them on the M2 tour, I think John needs more time off to recharge. (Remember, I really enjoy their work -- but this release feels too reiterative to me.)<br />I know, stick to the facts. For me, that would be:<br />* I love the 2nd disc, the 42-minute suite of terrific work. The opening of that suite, the orchestral arrangement, was so catchy I was humming it after the first listen. How often does that happen for ANY prog-metal recording? Thanks to Mr Rudess for that gift. And the beginning of track 7 in that suite has a guitar part that sounds like Steve Vai, which is always a good thing to my ears. The entire flow of this disc is so strong that I really am surprised to hear the final fade of the Grand Finale because it seems like I just started the disc a few minutes ago!<br />* I enjoyed tracks 1 and 3 of the 1st disc a lot.<br />* Track 4 (disc 1) is too close to Kevin Moore's style of studio editing-writing for me to appreciate, and the controversial subject sounds to me like preaching -- I could be wrong, because I can't tell yet whether DT is taking a position here, but I really hate when bands mix personal, political views with their writing. Thus, this track bothers me on at least 2 levels.<br />* Track 5 is fine. That's it -- not incredible, certainly not awful, just &quot;fine&quot;.<br />I would rate the first disc with 4 stars, mostly because overall I enjoy it and it is, as always, so much better than what the recording industry keeps foisting on us. But it's more experimental than I hoped, like the fusion-esque songs from the 2 Liquid Tension Experiment CD's, so it's not as ear-friendly. The second disc is a no-brainer 5 stars, especially with the lyrics and the great keyboard parts from Jordan. DT is certainly dominated by Portnoy and Petrucci -- not in talent, but in musical direction -- but Rudess *clearly* is helping the band, adding wonderful material to the entire release. I hope he stays with this band.<br />I doubt my review will change anyone's mind, but I hope that for anyone who's not sure whether to take the plunge, you walk away with this summary: Disc 1 is good, especially compared to what's on the radio, but it's a change of style for DT and a little hard to appreciate for the non-diehard fan. Disc 2 is like an album unto itself, and a great great release on its own, so it should be the disc you play a few times first before jumping into disc 1.<br />Now, take the plunge. And happy listening.ntal than I hoped, like the fusion-esque songs from the 2 Liquid Tension Experiment CD's, so it's not as ear-friendly. The second disc is a no-brainer 5 stars, especially with the lyrics and the great keyboard parts from Jordan. DT is certainly dominated by Portnoy and Petrucci -- not in talent, but in musical direction -- but Rudess *clearly* is helping the band, adding wonderful material to the entire release. I hope he stays with this band.<br />I doubt my review will change anyone's mind, but I hope that for anyone who's not sure whether to take the plunge, you walk away with this summary: Disc 1 is good, especially compared to what's on the radio, but it's a change of style for DT and a little hard to appreciate for the non-diehard fan. Disc 2 is like an album unto itself, and a great great release on its own, so it should be the disc you play a few times first before jumping into disc 1.<br />Now, take the plunge. And happy listening.
6305897786|1.0|This movie has some great plot twists but it has a hard time reaching a peak.  Johnny Depp gives a wonderful perfomance of somebody whom the viewer hates in the beginning and is rooting for in the end.  Frank Langella also lends an outstanding role as a behind-the-shadows badguy for most of the movie.  This movie is worth seeing but it should not be on the top of anybody's list of must sees.
0784011176|5.0|What a complete masterpiece of film art!  I just saw this for the first time in a film class I'm taking.  While I wish I saw it in a high-end theater, the letterboxed DVD and high-end projection system presented it very beautifully.  I'm also glad I did not see it at a younger age in '93 as this would have been more difficult for me to artistically absorb.  I feel sorry for anyone who sees it for the first time on a little TV with the sides of the picture cut off.  The cinematography is truly wonderful. The set design, make-up, costumes and casting were exquisite, as well.  The [...love] scenes look like a live recreation of an actual Michelangelo painting.  The story, acting, and...Well everything is just lovely.  High art.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|This is a great movie!  Uses film in a creative way to tell a story.  Well acted, tightly drawn mystery, told in a spellbinding way.
6300216543|5.0|Serpico...I still remember the original movie billboards with that name in 1973, and it's a classic piece of filmmaking.<br />Sidney Lumet directed Pacino as the real life hero cop who took on police based evil in the New York Police Department.  Pacino gets completely into the role...he becomes Serpico, an honest open-minded hippy cop in the '60s pitted against his corrupt disgusting colleagues and the higher ups who not only allow the corruption, but (as the film hints at) conspire to crush those who try to expose it.<br />  You must see this film uncut, as many of us saw it only on TV with much of the intensity cut out.  Of course the film adds some extra drama to it not in the actual Peter Maas biography, just as Alan Parker did in Midnight Express.<br />  Some tidbits:  They actually had a year long TV series Serpico in 1975.  And watch for the newly finished World Trade Center in the background (during the actual events it wasn't yet finished...not nitpicking...just something of interest).<br />  Finally this is Al Pacino's definitive performance, in my opinion a superior role and film to The Godfather.  Especially since he's the good guy in this one.
B00005UEAR|4.0|Just like \\"Scenes\\" before it, \\"6DOIT\\" is miles above anything else Dream Theater has ever done.  From listening to it, you wouldn't know this was the same psuedo-hair-metal band that produced \\"Images and Words\\" - an album with vocals that would've been more at home in Poison than a prog-metal act.<br />Fortunately, LaBrie's voice has improved ten-fold since then, and \\"6DOIT\\" is one of the best prog albums to come out since The Flower Kings' \\"Flower Power\\".  The first cut \\"The Glass Prison\\" makes Pantera sound like the Vienna Boys Choir with its unrelented hardcore attack.  The rest of the first disc is merely OK, with \\"The Great Debate\\" (a song about the human cloning debate) being the low point on the disc with its almost-embarrasing use of news clips punctuating its Tool-clone sound.<br />However, the second disc - which consists of a 42-minute suite - is just about perfect.  More melodic than anything the band has done before, the piece runs the gamut from Mr. Bungle-ish bizarreness with \\"The Test That Stumped Them All\\" to the goose-bump inducing beauty of \\"Goodnight Kiss\\".  It's bookended by an Overture and a Finale that recapitulate themes from the other movements, and it all fits together wonderfully.<br />LaBrie's voice is fantastic throughout - he's seemingly competely left behind that annoying warble he had on DT's first few releases.  Petrucci is the real star here though, proving that he can not only shred but that he can also play some beautiful melodic guitar lines as well.  Of course, Rudess, Portnoy, and Myung fill out the rest of the band more than adequately.<br />If you're a fan of Dream Theater, I'd say get ready for a bit of a shift away from non-stop thrash metal (although there's plenty of it there).  If you're one of those prog-elitist who snub their nose at DT, I'd suggest you give them another chance and pick up \\"6DOIT\\".  It's an excellent addition to any music-lover's collection.
B00005RHGK|1.0|As most of the other reviewers have noted in some form or fashion, I was eagerly anticipating this Victor Salva film that was supposedly \\"the best horror film in decades.\\" Personally, I'd have to wonder [...] who viewed this piece of garbage and declared it \\"good.\\" At no time was I scared or even on-edge during this horribly boring film. At times, I laughed at the genuinely (and intentional) comic portions, but other than some bodies and some blood, there were no disturbing themes in this film. <br />The main characters in horror films, the \\"heroes,\\" are generally likable in some form or fashion. Not so, here. I wanted this pair of siblings to die so horribly, especially the sister, who was not likable in the least. The characterization is weak enough on the main characters, so when they start introducing auxiliary characters... they are so weak and one-dimensional that I didn't even want them on the screen.<br />As for the creature... all I have to say is: Stephen King's \\"It.\\"<br />Last, but certainly not least... ahh, the use of the song \\"Jeepers Creepers.\\" I keep hearing how this song is used to \\"chilling\\" and \\"horrifying\\" effect. Honestly, if anything, it is used to a darkly comedic effect.<br />I hear there's a sequel in production. I would suggest you avoid it and its predecessor. For scares, see \\"The Others,\\" or even \\"Seven.\\" Just, please... avoid Jeepers [...creepers].
B00004Z459|4.0|I don't mind some of the alternate music out there, but have never been a great fan of rap. But this album is very interesting. The blending of the two styles compliment each other perfectly.<BR>   In an industry where so many clones and bands start to sound the same it is refreshing to find a group that is doing their own thing.<BR>   If you want something different then buy this cd and play it LOUD!
B000001FS3|5.0|Of my entire CD/cassette/album collection of hundreds of titles, this is by far the best.  In fact, I would go as far as to say that this album, along with seeing U2 live, changed my life and perspective on music in 1987.<br />U2 achieves what is almost impossible - combining raw emotion, political activism, and excellent rock music, without coming across as preachy or overly sentimental.<br />This album is musically innovative.  The songs lead the listener through a whole range of emotions through both the lyrics, the melodies, and the rhythms.  I would recommend this album for any rock music fan.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theater won't disappoint, six degrees delivered!<br />Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is Dream Theater's follow up album to their masterpiece Scenes From A Memory . To ask any band to write an album after one of such grander as Scenes is an  extremely daunting task. Dream Theater approached the problem the way they have in the past, which is with stunning musical brilliance!<br />The first CD in the dual disk set starts off with the high energy song, &quot;The Glass Prison&quot;. A song about fighting the struggles within the soul of alcoholism.  Adjectives that I would pick to describe this song: dark, mysterious, cunning, baffling , powerful and the musical equivalent to beating wood to a pulp! Metallica and Pantera influences are prevalent.<br />Blind Faith changes the mood from fast and furious to majestic and down right creepy. This song starts off slow and and goes into a the catchy chorus-me singing along, \\"blind faith we have in you\\". As the name suggest this song deals with the struggle we have believing in a supreme being and an afterlife.<br />The 3rd degree takes awhile to get going but contains some of the most deliberate music Dream Theater has ever written. Subtle, simply, soft-deliberate, this song is fun to sing along too!<br />The Great Debate is the most controversial track on either of the two disks, in fact the most controversial of any DT song, if you know what I mean. This song debates the highly controversial and potentially life changing medical research done on human stem cells. As with any issue there is a negative side, both sides are presented in this song.<br />The concluding song on the first CD is unpleasantly emotional and may bring a tear to the eye to those who are feeling down. Disappear is poetically explicit in describing what it's like dealing with lost-love depression. This song is very Radiohead-ish and overall the most moving song that concludes 5 degrees of inter turbulence. Shall we move on to the 6th degree?<br />Yes, the title track, 6 Degrees of Inner Turbulence. This 42-Minute epic is horrible, trust me you wouldn't want to waste your hard earned cash on this album, go buy some Blink 182, now that would be money well spent.
0783113943|5.0|This movie introduced me to Jolie. If you are interested in history, this is a semi true story about one of the first women to contract and die from AIDS. It's really a heart wrenching story. Wonderfully produced and acted. Jolie's best preformance ever. You WILL love it!
0385302320|5.0|The third novel by Diana Gabaldon about Claire and Jamie Fraser links the two lovers back again.  On the bout of thinking each other dead, both move on with life, though they still love each other.  Claire believed Jamie to be dead at Battle of Culloden until a friend of hers proved otherwise.  With new knowledge that Jamie might have survived the battle, Claire must choose between her present life and her life with Jamie...<br />Voyager again captures all emotions felt in Dragonfly in Amber and Outlander and Claire and Jamie's love for each other is more real than ever.  Gabaldon also interweaves adventure, history, suspense, even humor into this wonderful tale.  Voyager was a great read!
B000050FEN|5.0|Seven is one hell of a movie.  There's not much more you can say, other than wow, or maybe oh my.  If you've never seen it, just go rent it now.  It pulls you through a journey of darkness, the human soul, and life.<br />if you have seen it, this DVD version is great!  The special features (along with an alternative ending) are wonderful.  Like most DVD's, the special features aren't as &quot;special&quot; as the producers would like you to believe.  A number of still photographs and storyboards are coupled with commentary.  Still, you can read the notebook, imagine what the alternative ending would look like, and listen to the actors and director discuss the making of the film.
B000002LFU|5.0|It's no accident that &quot;Green&quot; is sandwiched in time between R.E.M.'s most demanding album (&quot;Document&quot;) and their most accessible (&quot;Out of Time&quot;). In every sense it is a transitional product, marking the band's movement from parochial to global perspectives and from rock to pop.<br />The last word of the preceding paragraph may enrage some of the band's fans. But before you hit the &quot;No&quot; button, please let me clarify. I'm not comparing R.E.M. with the here-today-and-thankfully-gone-tomorrow pop that fills the singles charts, but rather with the thankfully-here-for-ever classic pop of the Beatles and Phil Spector (in other words the universal riverbed of pop, of which rock is only a sub-set). R.E.M. were actually stretching the unyielding envelope of rock from 'Radio Free Europe' onwards, but by the time of &quot;Green&quot; such narrow genre boundaries were no more than a plaything in their inquisitive hands.<br />The transition is appropriately marked by several traits that are now considered to the quintessential hallmarks of R.E.M.'s career, but which really made their first substantive appearance on &quot;Green&quot;. All of these traits have their roots in a new found artistic self-confidence that expresses itself as a quantum leap in both vision and technique:<br />1) Experimentation with new sonic textures.<BR>2) Willingness to risk alienating the established fan-base.<BR>3) A typically post-modern playfulness with musical genres that simultaneously honours and subverts the band's own influences.<br />Some commentators of course claim to see these traits in the band's earlier work, but very few of these could offer conclusive evidence that they were interpreting the earlier stuff that way at the time it first appeared. It is an easy and excusable mistake to read back into an artist's earlier work insights that emerged at a later date, and I believe that to be the case here. In other words, however good the early albums were (and for me, they include some of the band's best work), they have been largely reinterpreted by critics and established fans in the light of more recent statements.<br />This leaves &quot;Green&quot;, in historical terms, in a rather similar position to &quot;Murmur&quot;: A ground-breaking album, not universally appreciated but with a massive cult following, that acted as the springboard for an entire phase in the band's history. Indeed, the last two albums (&quot;Up&quot; and &quot;Reveal&quot;) have successfully opened up to deeper exploration several musical motifs that had their genesis in the &quot;Green&quot; sessions.<br />Of course that sort of historical significance doesn't necessarily make an entire album rewarding to listen to on its own terms, and when I first got my copy home I wondered if I'd made a mistake buying it. However it grew on me by leaps and bounds, and of all R.E.M.'s classic cuts it is now the one I return to most often.
B00005QDW1|1.0|All of these songs just repeat the same lyric over and over again. It would be kind of funny if it didn't cost $15. Seriously, make sure you hear this before you spend any money on it. What an embarrassment for a group that displayed a good deal of talent once upon a time...
0060975768|5.0|I have read several hundred books on the subject of the Vietnam war and to me this one is the best relating to the ground war. The account of the heroics and stupidity that combined to make the Ia Drang battle one of the most significant of the war is well documented. Very readable history. As a helo pilot in Vietnam I took part in many insertion operations and the author captured the heart in the throat feeling of being there. For those who fought in Vietnam this book will bring it all back. For those reading about a far away place and a distant time, this is real history, not the hollywood version.
0385505833|1.0|This book would never have been published had it not been written by John Grisham.  The characters in this book were one dimensional and lacked appeal. The story was predictable &amp; boring. I couldn't wait for it to end.
B000059QY2|3.0|Compr con mucha ilusin esta pera pensando que la podra ver y oir grabada en vivo. El desfase entre el sonido y el movimiento de la boca es casi imperceptible. Pero es inequvoco que un doblaje carece de la expresin instantnea de los cantantes y del pblico que, para m, es parte de la msica en cada funcin. La fonommica quita la magia que el teatro le da a la pera. No es ni cine ni pera. Inclusive debo subir demasiado el volumen para sentir a gusto lo que estoy disfrutando con el odo. Ernesto Gonzlez Roberto
0451160916|5.0|Thank God I read the book first and then saw the films.Both of them. The book is a classic,a masterpiece a lovecraftian cry of horror in the unexpected places . The characters are not caricatures as in many horror books,but every-day real-life people . King is playing our chords of fear like a virtuose . He knows where to strike,and knows the impact.If you consider yourself a fan of this kind of literature and havent read this book,then you must have been somewhere in Alpha Centaury the past 3 decades..A recommendation : read the book first!!then go see the films.
B00005UW7V|5.0|For all of you whiners who worship films that have a plot the size of a Wyoming suburb, QUIT COMPLAINING! This Steven Speilberg film is for the light-hearted and/or intellectual ONLY! It surprises me people were so dissapointed in this movie. Whats to not like in this film? You have a talking teddy bear, a robot gigolo, a great look at New York a million years from now, a sick bratty kid, and his mean mommy. Where now, we look at a movie like Pearl Harbor, where all of the characters are not exotic or complex. Lets face it, most of the good films that came out last year were mostly adaptations of novels. Not this one, however. I mean sure, it was a vision of Stanley Kubricks, but the idea is completly original. I can not wait till it comes out on DVD. So my advice to you haters out there, is start scraping the dust off of your Book of Urantia and get educated, and most importantly watch this film!
B00005UEAR|4.0|That's a pretty crappy title for a review, huh?  Well, I think in this case, it fits and is apt.  I have been a huge Dream Theater fan for many years now, and I'm trying to avoid the trap of automatic worship that many reviewers fall into.<br />Let me first clear up any confusion.  I like this album, I don't regret buying it, and I think it's a fairly worthy addition to the DT catalog.  However, it's not at all what I expected, hence my trepidation.  I can safely say there is a lot of good music on here.  Tracks 1, 2, parts of 4, and maybe two pieces out of 6 are what I call \\"good car listenin' music.\\"<br />Good music, though, isn't all about pleasing my car stereo.  The other tracks on disc one are good in the sense that they're less vulnerable to \\"copycat\\" criticisms (for example: \\"Faith\\" sounds like Falling Into Infinity DT, \\"Debate\\" sounds like Tool, etc.)  I think it will take you several listens of these songs and track 6 to determine what you really think of the album.<br />Track 6 left me the most confused.  Over-orchestrated? Vocals with split personalities?  Maybe all of this is true, but my opinion of disc 2 is a microcosm of my feelings regarding the whole album.  Again, there's lots of interesting stuff here, but what the listener must then decide is: is it interesting in a good way?  I think it could be.  I'd recommend this album, although I don't think I'm qualified to glow about it just yet.
B00005QDW1|1.0|This album is very weak for No Doubt. What happened???? I can't even listen to any of the songs all the way through! I am VERY disappointed in Gwen, I know she could have done better. They should have taken more time to make the music and put it all together like they did with The Return of Saturn. This album was totally rushed and it shows! I would not even waste my time downloading it, let-alone buying it! Sorry to say it, but this album is NOT good.
0553277472|5.0|This book has fundamentally changed the way I think.  Since reading it (2001) I have quit my law degree (undergraduate) and re-applied for various philosophy courses, in order to pursue Pirsig's 'metaphysics of Quality'.  I'm not suggesting that the book will have the same effect on anyone who reads it, but it will nevertheless challenge your preconceptions and I think that my experience should give rise to at least a little curiosity.....
B00003CXSP|5.0|This is a great movie.  It's full of suspense, action, drama, everything you might ever want in a movie.<br />Buy it today!  It's a classic!
B0000067L2|5.0|Nearly a year after the supergroup's blues rock debut, \\"Fresh Cream\\", Cream's second album \\"Disraeli Gears\\" came out in November of 1967.  The album was quite a departure from the hard driving riff rocking blues on the band's debut, however the recording secured Cream's trademark sound.  Eric Clapton's wah wah guitar playing, Ginger Baker's killer drumming and Jack Bruce's awesome bass grooves made Disraeli Gears a huge hit topping the charts and selling well over five million copies.<br />Disraeli Gears is far more commercial than Fresh Cream and that is probably why they are fairly different.  Instead of doing hard driving blues rock tunes as well as a whole bunch of blues covers as the group did on their debut.  Disraeli Gears consists of a more psychadelic hard rock with blues lurking beneath it.  Tunes like STRANGE BREW,<BR>BLUE CONDITION, TAKE IT BACK and OUTSIDE WOMAN BLUES proved the band had not abandoned blues completely but tunes like SUNSHINE OF YOUR LOVE, TALES OF BRAVE ULYSSES, SWALBR and WE'RE GOING WRONG bring out the commercial side of the supergroup.<br />Disraeli Gears contains one thing that Fresh Cream did not have: variety.  Whether it be the power rock of SUNSHINE OF YOUR LOVE one of the groups biggest hits, The hard rock of SWABLR, The psychadelic jam of TALES OF BRAVE ULYSSES, STRANGE BREW and WE'RE GOING WRONG, The blues rock of TAKE IT BACK, BLUE CONDITION and OUTSIDE WOMAN BLUES, The Byrds-like folk rock of DANCE THE NIGHT AWAY, the unique flavour of WORLD OF PAIN and MOTHER'S LAMENT(which should never had been recorded on this masterpiece)  <br />In conclusion Disraeli Gears is one of Cream's finest albums.  Every song is essential except MOTHER'S LAMENT which is unlistenable but put that track behind you and you have an awesome psychadelic blues rock album.  Easily one of the best albums of 1967!  Highly recommended!
B00005U18E|2.0|If you want Fielding's original style, which is often a hysterical and spot-on depiction of singledom, just read Fielding's book.  The movie makes all the classic Hollywood mistakes, including casting a beautiful actress in the role of a NORMAL PERSON.  It's a cute big-budget Hollywood movie, and like those usually are, it's very forgettable.  The best lines in it are straight from the book, so just get it from the source -- your local library -- and save the [money].
B000006OS2|3.0|A great movie put on dvd badly. They even clipped a small section where they kid Mrs McLintock about the color of her hair. Someday they will make a dvd with evtras but for now settle for this because it is a great movie!!!
B00005BCOL|5.0|I second all previous laudatory claims for this fabulous<BR>movie.   <br />But, even it was a stinker, it is worth the price of the <BR>video just for the wardrobe.   Thanks to earlier reviewer who <BR>identifies the gowns as Adrian.  <br />Mary's maribou peignoir will blow your doors off.<br />It is a marvel of a movie.  Watch it with your mom if you are over fifty.  She'll clue you in on all the &quot;gals.&quot;
B00005MP58|5.0|Jennifer Ehle is beautiful, intelligent, and talented. Colin Firth is phenomenal (the advantage of DVD is that in the scene when he's watching Elizabeth play piano, you can freeze it and the frame doesn't waver). The set, the costumes, and the supporting cast are wonderful, and the directing takes P+P light years beyond the stereotypical British minimal camera movement and long takes. A period piece with editing and close-ups!<BR>The Austen faithful will see few deviations from the book (yes, Darcy becomes more of a sex object, no, it's not something to complain about!). It's hard to convey in film form the ironic commentary of Austen's narration that's a trademark of her books, but the miniseries manages to compensate. The dance scene, where Elizabeth and Darcy engage in debate whenever the choreography brings them close enough to talk, always makes me laugh, and you'll especially love the supporting cast. Jane, Bingley, Miss Bingley, and Lady Catherine are among my favorites. There's a definite acting challenge but a certain appeal to love story set in a more conservative time- the cast does a wonderful job creating characters you want to hug, cheer on, slap, or just marry yourself!  <BR>The DVD extras aren't anything extraordinary, but the size, price, and picture/sound quality in contrast to six tapes makes it worthwhile. You can skip around to your favorite scenes much more efficiently without constantly changing tapes, and if you're like me, it's a vast relief not to have to worry about wearing out your favorite spots. <BR>If you like Jane Austen. If you like romance. If you like good acting, snappy and intelligent dialogue, and a story you can sink your teeth into, watch this miniseries. If you've never seen it before, watch it NOW. Get the girls together for a P+P fest, picking your favorite dresses, estates, and shots of Colin Firth. I guarantee you won't regret it.
B00005B36H|1.0|waiting for the new tool album for like 5 years you can imagine the complete bitter dissapointment when I heard schism the first single and absolute crap song that needs to be half as long sure long songs worked out on aenima because it was an amazing album but this album is listless trash. Probably one of the biggest let downs in the last five years in music. Tool became pretty much nothing more than sellouts. By the time you hear tracks like ticks and leaches or lateralus you'll plead for the horrid music to stop, tool's creativity has run it's course, every music video is the same claymation etc... If tool would've left it with just aenima and undertow they could've went down as one of the best bands of the 90's as well as respectable, but now with lateralus they've destroyed any credibility they had as musicians, even mer de noms was a better album.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Lawrence of Arabia is about the life of the Brisish legend T.E. Lawrence, author of the book The Seven Pillars of Wisdom. Lawrence was one of those movies that was a huge risk, the thing everyone said could not be done, and if somehow it was, it would be a box office failure. Well, Lawrence of Arabia defied the odds, and became the best movie I have ever seen. Shot mostly on location in the deserts of the Mid East, this film features fantastic artistry, breathtaking performances by greats such as Peter O'Toole (Lawrence) and Ben Hurr (Prince Feisal), and a brilliant script that not only explores Lawrence's life, but the human psyche. A must-see. Yes, it is long, but it is well worth it. You won't want it to end when it does.
B000000OUE|5.0|Astro creep 2000 defines white zombies sound. The first zombie song i ever heard was \\"more human than Human\\" and personally was blown away, this song has one of the best guitar parts of all time with j. using a slide. Not to mention this album has the same great b-movie sound clips \\"yeah i remember her saying i'm all ready dead.....'<BR>sure la sexorcista is good but only half the album this is. LIsten to the adrenaline pumping \\"electric Head pt.1 the agony\\" the song that starts the album, from that your hooked. besides songs like \\"super charger heaven\\" and \\"more human than Human\\" are the type of songs that define a generation to me it's youthful and angry which everyone can relate to. this is definitly one of the best albums of the nineties if not of all time.
B00005TT77|5.0|I haven't seen the movie yet, but on it's own, the soundtrack ranks as probably the best tribute album I have ever heard. (And I have roughly 75 tribute albums in my collection). I'm sure the pure strength of the Beatles songbook has a lot to do with it, but there's more to it than that. The artists selected fit very well together, and the versions tend to be much more faithful to the originals than is typically the case with tributes. Although it was all put together in only a few weeks, the songs are very well recorded. The songs that work best are generally the ones that don't stray too far from the source. My favorite is the Stereophonics' \\"Don't Let Me Down\\". Ben Harper's \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" is a revelation, the Wallflowers do a great version of \\"I'm Looking Through You\\", and Aimee Mann & Michael Penn's \\"Two Of Us\\" is simply lovely. I'm not crazy about The Black Crowes' take on \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds\\", and a few others really add nothing of interest, but even the worst tracks are OK, and at least 75% of the songs are strong. Any Beatles fan who is not totally closed off to \\"modern rock\\" will enjoy this.
B000002LQR|5.0|I give this 5 stars because of three songs that alone make this a great album, they are \\"under the bridge\\", \\" i cloud've lied\\", and \\" breaking the girl\\" those are all beautiful songs and are so much more deeply written than the rest. It showcases john fruisciante's amazing talent as a guitarist but often shows a darker side of r.h.c.p's music. It forshadows the later californication's ballads. there are a few crap songs like sir physco sexy which uses sexuality like an 18 year old immature child who's just horny.
B000003CMC|4.0|I heard the LP when I was 18 I guess, and now, some 20 years later, I listen to it again on CD, actually after I switched from Led Zeppelin to Bach. But still; this is a great record. I usually hate long jams, but Maintain Jam is exquisite, not a minute too long, and overall the playing of each member is superb. Listen to Greg's bass on Les Brers, and to the great drumming overall, and of course excellent guitars. This is not the Grateful Dead of the south, but much, much more.
B00005U1YO|5.0|Buy this album.  Yes, I know you can download it for free.  So what... buy this album.  Let's keep the Chemical Brothers in business for a long, long time, y'all...
0792842731|5.0|In my opinion, this is possibly the best addition to the Bond series to date. In fact, I can really only find one thing in the entire film that I *don't* like, which is when Admiral Roebuck criticizes M's capabilities with a quip that had already been used in *Goldeneye.*<br />Otherwise, the film is filled with exotic locations, high-tech gadgets, and well-developed characters that all make a Bond movie worth watching. Michelle Yeoh is superb as Bond's unlikely, but equally--if not superiorly--capable ally, Chinese Colonel Wai-Lin. Jonathan Pryce is, I think, my favorite Bond villain in his role as Elliot Carver. Perhaps that's because I can relate to his field of expertise, but I think his particular aspirations of world-wide domination and his motivations for them seem easy to accept, unlike so many other villains in Bond films. Gotz Otto, Carver's German henchman, is excellent in his role as super-sexy, blond, muscular and utterly evil sidekick.<br />Teri Hatcher also does a lovely job as Paris Carver, Elliot Carver's wife and Bond's former lover. The love scene between the two in Bond's hotel room is really quite beautiful. Although her attitude might be a bit too smug, she makes a lovely addition to a long line of Bond villainesses, as she proves herself to be *not* entirely allied to the villain like so many of her predecessors.<br />Judi Dench and Samantha Bond reprise their roles as \\"M\\" and Moneypenny, respectively, and do excellent jobs as both. As begun in *Goldeneye,* Samantha Bond's Moneypenny really turns the tables on Bond tradition, showing herself to be just as sarcastic as 007 himself. In fact, where Bond traditionally doubles his estimations of time to return to headquarters, Moneypenny now halves them for him. Dench is delightful as the strong-willed \\"M\\" and her scenes with Moneypenny, although they never lessen her authority, give the two characters a wonderfully subtle kinship that was never seen with a male \\"M.\\"<br />There are some great chaseand fight scenes to be seen here, although perhaps not quite as good as those in the later *The World is Not Enough.* The bike chase, the airplane fight in the opening sequence, the fight in the bike shop, and the superb car chase in the parking garage are all quite good, with wonderful music by David Arnold to help them along. Gadgets by \\"Q\\" are awesome--the fully-loaded BMW of the parking garage scene in particular.<br />What does it take to make a great Bond film? Who knows? But I think that this film definitely comes close to having it all.
B00003CXCQ|4.0|As wonderful as &quot;Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs&quot; still is - decades after its theatrical release, younger audiences may find its animation flat and uninspired.  Blame DISNEY itself for that, since in the past 20 years, the studio has released equally timeless tales that far exceed this film's technical qualities.  Nowhere here will you find the depth and 3-dimensional elements of &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; or the sheer grandeur of &quot;The Lion King.&quot;  And, SNow White's operatic vocal inflections can be grating at times, I admit.  Still - this is pure Disney magic, sure to be enjoyed for decades to come!
B000059XXZ|5.0|Science fiction, fantasy, and action adventure usually have no place in the upper echelon of great motion pictures but I think the world should make an exception. This film, in my opinion, the greatest movie ever made. In my 20 years of living, I've seen films with more action (Blade, Speed, Eraser, etc.) better special effects (Stars Wars series Terminator 2 Lord of the Rings) and a better dramatic plotline (Time to Kill, Shawshank Redemption, Arlington Road) but this film is perfection and I believe this film should have gotten more credit than what it did.  The original is the masterpiece and I really would like to see this franchise rejuvenated maybe with M. Night Shymalgan as the director and the screen writers for the recent film From Hell and the action choreographers from Crouching Tiger but there is no way that I'm gonna have my way so if you've never seen this masterpiece, buy it today and add it your collection.
B00005Q4CS|4.0|Bizarre, singularly unique and startling in unexpected ways, \\"Requiem for a Dream\\" is a rare achievement - a movie that is so innovative in its dialogue and characterizations, it can either drive you crazy or make you leap for joy!  There is little joy in the story itself, as it deals with very adult themes of drug addiction, victimization and unpleasant characters.  However, if you give it a chance, it will blow you away with its sheer velocity and transformative power.  A nightmare one moment, a walk on the beach the next, its hypnotic and never dull.  Plus - it has one of the most remarkable performances by a female actor in the past 20 years in Ellen Burstyn's fierce portrayal of an addicted mother.  Nominated for an Academy Award, Burstyn lost to the ever-popular Julia Roberts last year, but deserves to be hailed as a landmark role...perhaps even a signature role (for sheer drama, this beats her Oscar winning \\"Alice Doesn;t Live Here Anymore\\" as well as her up-until-now greatest accomplishment as Regan's mother in \\"The Exorcist.\\"  Put the kids to bed and get ready for a dazzling cinematic experience - and when its over, be sure to hug your spouse tight and embrace your own life, whatever its challenges.  This one's destined to be hailed decades from now as a truly groundbreaking achievement!
B000002UAU|5.0|It's been fashionable over the years to put down Sgt Pepper, to call it overrated, to say it hasn't aged well. But the fact remains that it's the most captivating listening experience that has ever come out of the rock world. The album is an exhilarating mlange of beautiful melodies and arrangements, catchy tunes, punchy rock numbers, intriguing lyrics, and interesting sound effects. I would probably agree that Revolver is a better album if you rate each song on the two albums and add up the totals. Moreover, Revolver presents a better balance and alternation between Lennon, McCartney, and Harrison songs - on side one of Pepper there are three songs in a row by McCartney. And yet, while Revolver is a superb collection of songs, Sgt Pepper is more of an integrated whole, a true pop symphony.  <br />As for Sgt. Pepper's songs, the final track \\"A Day in the Life\\" is the most brilliant thing the Beatles ever recorded. Lennon's singing is exquisite; McCartney's interlude is a perfect counterpoint to the two Lennon sections. The other highlights for me are McCartney's \\"Fixing a Hole\\", a hauntingly beautiful song, one of the Beatles' finest, ranking right up there with \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" and \\"Penny Lane\\"; \\"With a Little Help from My Friends\\", a wonderful, catchy number with Ringo Starr's best-ever singing and that delectable &quot;do you need anybody?&quot; chorus; and Lennon's \\"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\\" with its fabulous imagery and music to match that transports you into a dream world. Harrison's Indian-influenced \\"Within You Without You\\" has been denigrated by some as being pretentious and preachy, but it's a stately piece, beautifully sung, with thoughtful lyrics. The remaining songs on Pepper are all quite nice, quite enjoyable, each in its own way.<br />What's the best Beatles album? I would say it's a tie between Revolver and Sgt. Pepper. But all the other original Beatle albums are great too. No other group has produced so much consistently excellent pop and rock music.
B00005QZ7U|4.0|This is a different movie with very much colour music and romantizm.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Today my Star Wars DVD broken at midlle just when i put my DVD back on case<br />the material used in the the middle of the box it's too Hard.<BR>i have very caution with my DVD's almost 100<BR>and i never had a trouble like this before.<BR>if you wanna buy it go ahead, but don't forget to change the box
B00003CY5J|3.0|Not too good not too bad.The first half is litle bit slow.Last part with lot of action.I can say its average action movie
6302636779|5.0|The underlying themes of this film, most unfortunately, can be missed today, when the young cannot remember anything like the sort of nuns depicted (though, admittedly, presented here in a style melodramatic for any age), and the \\"life against nature\\" could be taken as having elements that would not have been considered when it was produced. As well, and as any Amazon list mania visitor can see, Audrey Hepburn is \\"favourite actress\\" of so many that the viewer can become too wrapped up in it's being a film featuring her that the overall messages become blurred.<br />The main character, Sister Luke, is brilliantly portrayed by Audrey Hepburn, who captures, in expression particularly, the intense struggle of one whose dedication is enormous, but (to borrow the words of Dr Fortunati) cannot \\"fit the mould.\\" In an era when nuns were not to admit, even to themselves, that professional achievement played any part in their choice of convent life, yet where (it is apparent) one who was not a nun had no chance for such positions as nursing supervisor in the Congo, the conflict depicted is absorbingly intense. Sister Luke is a brilliant and extremely devoted nurse, yet, while her faith is clear, she obviously is one who is accepting the (for her, extraordinary) burdens of vowed life for the sake of the nursing opportunities.<br />From the beginning, the young nun who expresses her personal motto as \\"all or nothing\\" is in conflict with the obedience demanded by her Order's Rule, and specific practise of which, as some of the conversations, particularly those with the Abbess, bring forth, seem much at odds with the demands of the apostolic work (for example, having to observe silence when one is working a night shift in a hospital.) The viewer can see the sense of Sister Luke's position, and Audrey Hepburn's depiction of Sister Luke as gradually deteriorating with the inner conflict is superb. It is notable that Sister Luke, despite having achieved her desired goal of the Congo assignment, and being in a far less rigid atmosphere than elsewhere, feels the struggle most keenly after facing that there is no point where, as she'd hoped, obedience becomes natural.<br />The depiction of convent life may not be far from the practise of some Orders in that era, but the action does cross the border into sheer melodrama. Where the same scenes exist in the book (which was based on a true story), some of them make less sense in the film version because details the reader would have known are eliminated. For example, in the original, Sister Luke is assigned to the mental sanitorium because she is the only Sister in transit with a diploma in psychiatric nursing, where the film, with its dramatic music as she receives word of the transfer, makes it appear that she is sent there as punishment for disobeying the ludicrous suggestion that she \\"fail her exams to shows humility.\\" As well, with no reference to the experience in psychiatric nursing, the film's Sister Luke seems a naive young nurse left all alone in the ward with the dangerous patients, and whose opening the \\"Archangel's\\" padded cell was an act of misguided ignorance. Her castigating herself for her pride and disobedience seems cruel in the film, where, in the book, the dangerous \\"heroism\\" is indeed proud and reckless, since she had the background to know the possible consequences.<br />The scenery, in both the Belgian and Congo sequences, is splendidly captured and has a powerful impact. One unexpectedly poignant feature is in seeing the depiction of the last years of the Belgian Congo, when both church and state were apparently strong. When Sister Luke's professor of tropical medicines speaks of how the Congo she would see in 1930 was far different from what he found 20 years earlier, one is reminded of how the security the colonials imagined they had then would be destroyed within a few decades.<br />Overall, the outstanding cast and powerful cinematography (an example of the latter being the actions of Gabrielle's removing her jewellery on her entrance days, then leaving her ring and crucifix before she exits the convent), and a musical score which can occasionally be obtrusive but is generally effective, combine to give an excellent depiction of conflict - and of how, on any level, cherished ideals can be shattered, whether for an individual, a church congregation, or a nation.he actions of Gabrielle's removing her jewellery on her entrance days, then leaving her ring and crucifix before she exits the convent), and a musical score which can occasionally be obtrusive but is generally effective, combine to give an excellent depiction of conflict - and of how, on any level, cherished ideals can be shattered, whether for an individual, a church congregation, or a nation.
B000001EL7|5.0|As you know this was the last KISS album with the original line up until 1998's Psycho Circus. Most people say that \\"Destroyer\\" is the best KISS album. Well as far as my opinion goes \\"Destroyer\\" is the third best KISS album. This album is what makes number 1 for me (with Rock and Roll Over at #2). Ace Frehley does aweosme lead vocals in \\"Shock Me\\" and that is one of my favorite songs on the album. Of course you have the classic title cut \\"Love Gun\\" which is my favorite KISS song ever. The album Love Gun is good fun rock n roll from beginning to end. even the cover to 1960's classic \\"Then He Kissed Me\\" renamed \\"Then She Kissed Me\\" by KISS was a very good cover although many disagree. You don't have to be a huge KISS fan to like this album, you just have to be a fan of rock n roll in general. If you are a KISS fan then this album is mandatory. My three fav's on the album are \\"I Stole Your Love\\", \\"Shock Me\\", and \\"Love Gun\\". In my opinion there isn't one bad song on the album. This album is definetly worth the buy.
B000001ELF|1.0|Ace has a cool voice. No doubt about that. He also played some cool licks in the 70's and I'm as big a Kiss fan as anyone else. But Ace isn't a songwriter. It's amazing how many fans praise this one, and to an extent I'm glad so many enjoy it. He started off a poor kid from the street who became an idol to kids all over the world. But that's just it people. This music was aimed at KIDS. Ace has a rare gift though. By rare, I mean that it's rare that he writes anything worthwhile. Every ten years he does release one good song. In the 70's there was &quot;Shock Me&quot; which remains his best. In the 80's it was &quot;Trouble Walkin&quot;. In the 90's it would be &quot;Into the Void&quot;. Three songs total. He'll have enough good tracks for a REAL album if he lives to be 150. Maybe if he hadn't ruined his brain he could've improved since Jimmy Carter was president. Perhaps he should write a song called &quot;Trouble Writing&quot;. The kids have grown up Ace. I hope someday that you will too.
0060922583|3.0|I would still like to see an inteligent skeptics view of this work.<BR>It was exciting yet.... didn't seem to question itself much though.
0385040253|4.0|I gave this book a 4 for just one reason, a lack of detailed drawings.  Although it is the most extensive book of knots known to man. A must for any extreme mariner or avid boatswain mate.
B00005QZ7U|2.0|This was just an awful experience.  The dialogue was puerile, the music ordinary and the acting over done.  You either love this or hate it.  It's nice from a technical standpoint but, for someone who likes a fresh story line, this is not interesting.  The actors did what they could, frenetically, but the techniques are bigger than they are; in any movie other than Star Wars, that's bad news!
B00005R87Q|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I went to see it in the theater when it came out with my friend who is really into cars. I'm not a big fan of cars, or action movies for that matter, so I assumed I wouldn't like it all too much. But...I was wrong. It is full of action and anything else a male age 13-25 would probably like. It does have some flaws, and its critics. Many people criticize this movie, because of it &quot;unrealistic&quot; aspects. I don't doubt that there are many unrealistic things in this movie, but since I'm not a car-nut that doesn't bother me. If you are buying the DVD version, you're also in store for some nice features. There are several music videos and mini-documentaries about the special effects, stunts, editing, and the overall making of this film. Keep in mind; I am a 16 year old male. If you are female, or not very close to my age, you may despise this movie. I genuinely enjoyed it, and bought it just days after it's release to own. If anything, it's fun to watch.
B000002J1O|5.0|My appreciation of the band started with Peter Gabriel long gone from the band.  I still think they were much better with him in the band.  The drama and musicianship was far more important than hit songs and world tours.  Genesis, with this cd, are the better parts of King Crimson (In the Court of the Crimson King) and Jethro Tull (Aqualung) in one band.  It's too bad that both Genesis and Peter Gabriel were no longer as great artistically after they parted company.  Cinema, Firth of Fifth, and Dancing with the Moonlit Knight are incredibly striking pieces of musical drama.
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd brought Grunge and the Seattle New Wave Sound into the mainstream, by knocking Michael Jackson out of the #1 Album spot. This is no doubt Nirvana's most popular album, with their most popular songs. The awesome, but sadly overplayed, Smells Like Teen Spirit starts the disc, which harbors no bad songs. My personal favorites are Lithium, On a Plain, and Something in the Way. Any true rock fan should be able to listen to this cd from start to finish, without even getting the slightest urge to skip a track, or stop it. The only bad thing about this cd is that it seems a bit over produced, at least for a Nirvana cd(Most Nirvana albums have a grainy underground sound to them). Kurt Cobain himself was even unhappy with this. However, this wouldn't bother most people including me, therefore I did not deduct a star. I'll admit that this may not be Nirvana's greatest album but it deserves every star I gave it. If you're a true Nirvana fan, don't delay in checking out some of their other releases: In Utero, Incesticide, and Live from the Muddy Banks of the Wishka
B00005U1YO|4.0|They're baaaaack! The duo known as the Chemical Brothers are serving up yet another dish of big beats and funky breaks for the dance floor masses. Since their gold record breakthrough \\"Dig Your Own Hole\\", which reached #14 on the charts, these boys have proven that a formula that is part rock, funky beats and booty shakin electronic grooves can go beyond the dance floor and reach wider audiences. The Chemical Brothers haven't strayed far from their winning formula on this their fourth release. Beginning with the title track, with it's cheesy taunting voice beckoning to \\"Come Wih Us\\" the duo begins a groove that compels and dispels any doubt of their staying power on the musical scene. \\"Star Guitar \\" is one of the outstanding tracks that reverberates and resonates a listnener friendly groove that soothes yet exhilirates. \\"Hoops\\" begins with a dreamy like effect, a sort of audio drug induced trance that reflects the mood set by the mad mixers before they lay down their typical big beats. The songs seem to flow in groups of two or three as oppposed to one continous groove. For example, the first two tracks could quite easily have been meshed together as they have similar qualities. \\"My Elastic Eye\\" is a catchy tune that leads into the atmospheric \\"State We're In\\" and is very nice but the guest vocals sound a bit out of place, the result is a packaged sound without any unexpected turns, almost like a bland pop song. IMO this is the dud of the disc. \\"Pioneer Skies\\" has a \\"Lucy in The Sky with Diamonds\\" like intro that rolls along with  droning, wailing effect that eventually slips into a spacy groove. \\"Test\\", the closing track, is an interesting song that also has a commercial sound. The song is on the edge between electronica and rock. The result is like a rock song caught in the twilight zone, you be the judge if it works. All in all the Chemical Brothers are walking the tightrope steadily, not leaning in any direction or taking any chances of falling off their comercial path. A solid effort deserving of their loyal legion of fans recognition, just don't look for something different from their winning formula.al path. A solid effort deserving of their loyal legion of fans recognition, just don't look for something different from their winning formula.
B000002NHN|3.0|I've listened to Loreena McKennitt for years now and enjoyed her work immensely.  However, with the exception of the final track on this album, this is a fairly weak effort.  McKennitt is never awful, so I give her three stars, but this album makes me concerned that she's lost her edge.<br />The problem, I think, is that everything is too pat.  Her melodies and rhythms have grown four-square, and she's beginning to rely too much on repetition where previous albums would feature sudden flights of fancy to prevent monotony.  Much of what we find here echoes &quot;The Mask and the Mirror&quot; and &quot;The Visit&quot; rather than reaching ahead to new territory.  <br />The final track &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; echoes earlier material as well, but there's a sense of sincerity and wistfulness here that is missing across the rest of the album.  Could it be that Ms. McKennitt has gone commercial?  I hope not, but some of this is bordering on new-age background music. <br />Perhaps it's time for Ms. McKennitt to explore other folk traditions and give the Irish/North African sounds a rest. After delving into other sounds--I'd love to hear her take on gamelan--she might reture to her roots with a fresh perspective.  Otherwise, I fear she may wind her way into mediocrity (which will no doubt result in great commercial success!!)<br />So, come on, Loreena, you can do better.  Just look around a little!!
B0000025T6|5.0|I will not try to repeat all the fine reviews already entered on this album. I'll just approach it another way.  I was 29 years old when this album came out. I am now 48. The other day I heard a college station play &quot;Atlantic City&quot;. It had probably been at least 15 years since I had listened to &quot;Nebraska&quot;. I pulled it out (yes, the original vinyl album) and gave it another listen.  I had never forgotten about this album, it was just filed away as one that was just too powerful for casual listening. I was going through a difficult time in my life when this album was released, and listening to it was just too depressing for me. A brilliant piece of work, but not something that is going to make you feel &quot;up&quot;. After taking another listen after hearing the haunting &quot;Atlantic City&quot; on the radio, I can say that the album has lost NONE of it's power and relevance. The passing of 20 years affects this album not at all. It is a true classic, in the sense of a beautiful, but sad, painting.  If you listen to this album, do not plan on listening to anything else for some time,...because the emotion is so intense, that nearly anything else pales in comparison.
B000002UAF|5.0|I agree with almost everybody else, this is the Beatles' best early album. It starts with A Hard Day's Night, which has a great rhythm and melody (listen to Ringo tapping his drumsticks together in the &quot;When I'm Home&quot; bit). I Should Have Known Better has excellent tune and instrumentals, It's one of my personal favorites. If I Fell is nice, not a favorite, but still quite good. George performs admirably in Just to Dance with you, a quick, upbeat song with a great beat. It's another favorite. And I Love Her is soft and sweet, with a great guitar part. I usually skip Tell Me Why, I just don't think it's good. Can't Buy Me Love is a classic. (seriously, how could it not be?) Anything At All is just all-around great. I'll Cry Instead is not one of their best, but still worth listening to. Things We Said Today is cool, ineresting bass part. When I Get Home... same as Tell Me Why. You Can't Do That is just a great song, one of my favorites, and is quite funny if you look at it the right way. I'll Be Back is a nice ballad, sweet and simple.<br />Buy this album, you won't regret it!
B00005UEAR|5.0|I had burned the second cd a few weeks before the cd was realesed in stores. I thought the second cd was actually a 42 min song with 8 parts. So I burned the eight parts separtly. At first I was dissipointed. It sounded way to happy and the songs were mostly singing with little rocking improv's. Well After I heard the first cd I totally changed my mind. This Is an Incredible cd, here is a rating of each song, with a 1-5 star rating.<BR>1st cd- &quot;The Glass Prison&quot;-5 stars- More Gutiar Work,&quot;Blind Faith&quot;-5 Stars,&quot;Misunderstood&quot;-5 Stars,&quot;The Great Debate&quot;-&quot;4 1/2 stars&quot;,&quot;Dissapear&quot;- 4 stars, 2nd cd- &quot;Overture&quot;- 4 stars, &quot;About To Crash&quot;- 5 stars, &quot;War Inside my Head&quot;- 3 1/2 stars, &quot;The Test That Stumped Them All&quot;- 3 Stars, &quot;GoodNight Kiss&quot;- 4 1/2 stars, &quot;Solitary Shell&quot;- 5 stars, &quot;About To Crash Reprise&quot;- 5 Stars, Grand Finale- 4 stars
044022425X|5.0|Highly recommended for fans of historical fiction.  Memorable well defined characters.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I'm not going to say very much, if you're not a DT fan, you should be. This CD proves it. Dream Theater is great and this is a great album. I can't go into too much detail about it, I haven't listened to it enough to get into specifics. It has been evident from the first time I listened to it, however, that the instrumentation is great and James's voice has never been better. Get this double-disc darling and listen to good music once again.
B00005RHGK|2.0|This movie had an incredible amount of potential and the first half makes for one of the scariest movies of the past ten years, brilliantly executed, incredibly creepy - then we get to see the monster and he looks like the dude out of Leprechaun, only taller!  Why did we even need to see him in close up at all?!? The scene where he's on the roof of the cop car in the distance framed in the rear window of the kids car was inspired!  Then we got to see him in close up and the thrill was gone.  DeSalvo has also pinched plenty of set pieces from other movies.  There are allusions to Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Birds, Duel, Terminator and the final scene is striaght out of The Silence of the Lambs.  This film was incredibly disappointing simply because the first half was so damn good then it copped out.
0345440803|1.0|This book really made my skin crawl.It is so far from the idea of attachment parenting. It focused on the parents needs more then the baby's. They are only little for such a short time. Why not love them , hold them and cuddle as much as they want? what is more important, sleep or having your child feel safe and loved? After I read the book I gave it to my 9 month old baby and let him do what babies do to books. A much better use then keeping it in my library.
B000001ESJ|3.0|The 3 1/2 star rating is mainly due to three songs: the title song, &quot;Xanadu&quot;, and &quot;Cinderella Man&quot;. The first has a nice little acoustic piece to open the album before the heavier stuff kicks in.  &quot;Xanadu&quot; is far and away the best song and the album and could definitely stand up to nearly anything the band has to offer. To me, that's saying a lot since they've released two tons of albums and have a huge arsenal of material. The song does very well at reflecting different moods and there are a few time changes. I think the band is still performing it live and it is a great song to see performed. &quot;Cinderella Man&quot; is the other great song, but aside from those the album is bare bones. Not that &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; is bad, except that I've heard it 10,000 times on the radio that it's become hard to listen to.  &quot;Madrigal&quot; seems to be nothing special and &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot; just never really hits the mark. It only serves to remind me that Rush have done songs of equal length, but better. As I mentioned, this is a thumbs-up review but I wouldn't start here for new fans.
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd brought Grunge and the Seattle New Wave Sound into the mainstream, by knocking Michael Jackson out of the #1 Album spot. This is no doubt Nirvana's most popular album, with their most popular songs. The awesome, but sadly overplayed, Smells Like Teen Spirit starts the disc, which harbors no bad songs. Some of the best in my opinion are Lithium, On a Plain, and Something in the Way. Most true rock fans should be able to listen to this cd from start to finish, without even getting the slightest urge to skip a track, or stop it. The only bad thing about this cd is that it seems a bit over produced, at least for a Nirvana cd(Most Nirvana albums have a grainy underground sound to them). Kurt Cobain himself was even unhappy with this. However, this wouldn't bother most people including me, therefore I did not deduct a star. I'll admit that this may not be Nirvana's greatest album but it deserves every star I gave it. If you're a true Nirvana fan, don't delay in checking out some of their other releases: In Utero, Incesticide, and Live from the Muddy Banks of the Wiskah.
B000001ES9|1.0|Note to fans who have not yet heard this masterpiece:  do not waste your time.  It is frighteningly awful.  One by one, just when you think the songs can't POSSIBLY get any more loud, abrasive, or embarassing (and sometimes all three at once!), the next song comes along and shatters your illusions.<br />Consider this stellar lineup--What You're Doing, Need Some Love, and Take a Friend (possibly one of the WORST songs ever in the history of recorded music.)  And I haven't even mentioned In the Mood (Yikes!!!).<br />So, come on, all you people giving this album 4 and 5 stars...either you have no respect for what Rush did later in their careers, or you are a severe masochist...possibly a sadist as well, since by giving the album 5 stars your obvious intent is to get others to listen to this as well.<br />Kids, do yourself a favor:  if you love your ears, avoid this album like the plague.  Pick up \\"Moving Pictures\\" instead.
B00004XONN|5.0|Before I heard this album: I was a big fan of Radiohead's \\"OK Computer\\", but never fully heard \\"The Bends.\\" When I heard they were making a new album, it was immediately one of my top most anticipated albums, although I knew it would be extremely hard to top OK Computer, and if it did it would be close to a miracle. When this album came out I have heard reviews saying both this is a work of genius and terrible. I was low on money at the time and I was barely buying anything, so I didn't rush out to buy Kid A. But I made a stop at a CD store where you can listen to albums before you bought them, and went there mainly to listen to Kid A.<br />First Listen: When I first heard the synth in the opening song, \\"Everything In It's Right Place,\\" I was taken. I felt a tingling in my stomach. I wasn't in the store anymore, I was in the song. This is what music is supposed to do to you. Music isn't strictly made for dancing, or for partying, or to rock out to - which is all good - but music, good music, communicates. When the climax in the song came in I felt like crying, something that music almost never does to me. I can truly say \\"Everything In It's Right Place\\" is one of the greatest songs ever made, at least to my ears. But after that song, the next one, \\"Kid A\\", took me to a completely different place again. Then after that, \\"The National Anthem\\", the big controversial song, with the out of place instruments and weird sounding horn arrangements, came on. I don't know why people don't like it, because it's a song I absolutely adore. After I heard it I immediately took the CD off the shelf and payed for it with whatever few dollars and change I had.<br />It was all I was listening to for about 3 weeks afterwards. I like it even more than OK Computer.<br />The biggest reason why I love this album: It's different. It shows that you don't have to be like everything else to be good. Popular music of today is terrible, lets face it. The criticisms I have been hearing for this album are mostly \\"there's no guitars or anything!\\" or \\"it's really weird!\\" The thing people don't realize is there's no written rule of how to make music. The thing about this album is it's striving NOT to be a popular album, Radiohead would be doing the same thing even if they weren't big rock stars. This album reminds a lot of Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\", as in they are trying to take you on a journey. Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\" doesn't have a trace of disco music, or whatever else was popular at around that time, at all. And that's how Kid A is. This album goes beyond genre, just like The Wall did. If I had to file this under a certain genre at a music store I would put copies in every genre, because it touches everything. Jazz, Blues, Rock, Hip Hop, Techno, even some fans of classical would like this album.<br />The second reason why I like this album: The melodies created in this album are amazing. But they aren't melodies you would sing to yourself somewhere, it doesn't work like that. I've tried singing the melody from \\"Everything In It's Right Place\\" or \\"In Limbo\\" before, and it doesn't work. They only sound good on this album, and that's the genius of it.<br />The reason why people don't like it: The same reason why I love it. People aren't open minded in today's music. But that's how it is in popular music, it all sounds the same, that's why it's popular. If a group like N'Sync did an album like this, they wouldn't be popular anymore. But they would never do an album like this because doing an album like this isn't popular. You see what I mean?<br />Today's pop music is set around rules, which basically are 1) you have to be able to dance to the music (if it isn't a love song, of course), 2) All music has to be in 4/4 time, 3) It must not make you think, 4) it must have some kind of a drum beat, and 5) It cannot be experimental in ANY WAY. People who say they don't like Kid A are either stuck in some (if not all) of those pop music rules, really do like it and arelying to us and themselves (for some reason), or didn't even listen to it in the first place (and are lying).<br />I read a review here that said if an unknown band released this album then people wouldn't like it. That's not true at all. If an unknown band released an album like this I would want to know about it, and I'm sure many other people would want to know about it, too. Infact, people would probably like it MORE if an unknown band released it. And I'm sure it would be a big seller, too. The same person also said the only reason people say they like this album is because it's like being part of a secret \\"club\\" of alternatives that no one understands, but you can easily say the same thing about people who don't like the album. You can even say OUR club is better than YOUR club. People don't say they like certain music because they just like saying it, they really have to like it.<br />And another thing, so what if there's more synthesizers than real instruments on this album? Was there any written rule that says you have to make music a certain way or else it isn't music? The only thing it does is show how great of a band Radiohead is. I myself am more of a hip hop fan than anything, although I do like older jazz, rock, and funk/soul. I have no interest in synth made music, because most of it, like techno, sounds the same. But every once in a while I'll hear something that I like that I wouldn't normally like. It's all about making something that communicates. The only thing an artist like Britney Spears communicates in her music is either \\"I'm Sad\\" or \\"I'm Happy.\\" An album like Kid A goes everywhere in between those two emotions and beyond, and the genius of it is that you get those emotions not from the singing, but the actual melodies of the music.<br />You should buy this album if you are a fan of music. I cannot tell you whether you will like it or not, you will have to listen to it yourself. I am not going to say \\"keep an open mind\\" or anything like that. Because if you like it, then you like it. If you don't, then you don't. I will say one thing though - If you \\"aren't sure\\" about it after listening, then you probably don't like it. If you truly like this album, then you will know.
0446525537|5.0|I thought the movie was wonderful, I saw it twice in a row, and cried each time.Now I can't wait to read the book! I bought Riding in Cars With Boys right after I saw the movie and thought it was better than the movie. I hope this book is even better!! I hope it is just like the movie but that it has a little more detail. It will be hard to read it and not picture Shane West and Mandy Moore, But when I bought Pearl Harbor the book, Rafe, Danny and Evelyn all looked like the Ben, Josh, and Kate, Same with In Cars with Boys. But if someone is afraid to read a book because thats what might happen, read it anyway because as you progress into the book you tend to picture the characters differently, especially if the book tells you more about them then the movie does.It's amazing how many movies are being made off of books all of a sudden, I think its wonderful because it causing more people to pick up a book and read because they want to learn more about their favorite characters. I think this book will defenitly be worth reading.
6305278016|3.0|fairly straight forward cop drama about two american cops sent to japan to deliver a gangster arrested on american soil.  Michael douglas and andy garcia are sent on an ill-fated journey to japan to return a japanese thug to his home turff.  predictable at times but still entertaining.  at the heart of the story is douglas's character who is allowed to redem himself for his crimes in america as well as japan.  Garcia adds much needed flair to the story.  Ridley Scott's direction could be more fine tuned but you get the feeling he was walking through this on his way to other things. The cinematography is excellent as well as the musical score. The only real let down is the lack of development for all of the characters except for douglas.  but if the televison is no good on a saturday afternoon there are worse movies to rent
B00003CXXJ|1.0|I'll admit first of all that I did not see this movie in theaters (I'm very happy I didn't waste the money), but had heard it was worth a view and was getting all the best of reviews from the major critics.  I wish I had never seen it.  I almost believe that my blind faith in its \\"horridness\\" prior to my seeing it should have been left as it was.  After viewing the movie on DVD once (and not wanting the movie to ever touch the tray on my DVD player ever again), I wondered suddenly to myself, \\"what was it about this movie that every critic (and person for that matter) found so compelling?\\"  I could personally not see past the numerous fart jokes and bathroom humour clouding up the picture.  The premise of the entire movie was sentenced to death past the 45 minute point, the uphill struggle had begun at that point.  The tiring Donkey character (a far cry from anything even remotely entertaining that Disney has ever done) really got on my nerves.  Along with that, Shrek, as horribly unlikeable as he is, had become such a moronic character at that point that I simply wanted snap the disc in half and never speak of it again.  <br />In order to leave this review short, let me suggest that all who decide to watch or listen to this movie must please consider a blindfold and some earplugs.  <br />Beware the post-credit sequence, it's voice acting at its very worst (well, that kind of describes the entire movie).
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I think that Moulin Rouge is the best movie I have Ever seen! I was so pleased to hear that Nicole Kidman won best actress! And it was so cool that it won the Best picture(because it was the Best Picture). Moulin Rouge is a wonderful movie..1.because the music is spectacular! The color in this movie is exquisit, and the whole love story is so sweet! Moulin Rouge was a well directed movie! It was the best of 2001! Thank you Bazluhrman, Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor!
B00003CXTG|3.0|this movie had practically no action. it was just the love story. that's all i have to say sorry.
0446525537|5.0|I thought the movie was wonderful, I saw it twice in a row, and cried each time.Now I can't wait to read the book! I bought Riding in Cars With Boys right after I saw the movie and thought it was better than the movie. I hope this book is even better!! I hope it is just like the movie but that it has a little more detail. It will be hard to read it and not picture Shane West and Mandy Moore, But when I bought Pearl Harbor the book, Rafe, Danny and Evelyn all looked like the Ben, Josh, and Kate, Same with In Cars with Boys. But if someone is afraid to read a book because thats what might happen, read it anyway because as you progress into the book you tend to picture the characters differently, especially if the book tells you more about them then the movie does.It's amazing how many movies are being made off of books all of a sudden, I think its wonderful because it causing more people to pick up a book and read because they want to learn more about their favorite characters. I think this book will defenitly be worth reading.
B00005UEAR|5.0|I have no words to explain this phenomenon!! I thought that \\"Scenes from a memory\\" was the \\"greatest\\" album from this band. How WRONG I was!! Dream Theater has done what others bands could not do. That is, deliver a great album after ANOTHER great album. This album has everything a paerson could ask. It has a mixture of progressive and hardness that goes very well. This is the kind of cd that you have to sit and listen because it is very complex musically speaking. To this date, I haven't heard the 2 cd. But I swear it is as good as the first one. <br />So, buy it..enjoy it, then cry.  <br />  A GREAT CD!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is definitely the best Radiohead's album not taking into account Amnesiac.  It is full of real emotions and unexplainable sadness.  The more you know, the more grief you experience.  Their music is evolving all the time.  You cannot sit and hope that a next album will be similar to a previous one.  In my opinion that is the case with most people who are disappointed with Kid A.  But at the same time, this is what differs Radiohead from others and makes them one of the best groups I've ever heard and the only one that STILL creates music.
1565847032|2.0|There is no question of Chomsky's academic credentials in the field of linguistics. But I doubt he would be as highly regarded if he argued in as sloppy a manner as he does in places in this book. I should point out that I came to this book because he is a highly regarded and widely quoted thinker, with supposedly a rigorous contrarian view of things that I thought might be worth considering. I have little prior experience with his writings. <br />With an academic, details are important, but some of his arguments don't bear scrutiny. A case in point is his discussion of the media in Canada, wherein he describes going on Morningside with Peter Gzowsky. He uses this experience to describe how the Canadian media is just as unwilling to hear contrary points of view about Canada as the American media is to hear contrary points of view about the US. While this might be true (despite all the airtime for his lectures and interviews that he recalls being given, unlike the 'States), his argument is sloppy. He notes that in the interview with Gzowski he accused Lester Pearson of being a \\"war criminal\\", and that he started running through Pearson's \\"involvement in criminal activity - he was a major criminal, really extreme\\", though he does not related the details here. Gzowski apparently got upset. Chomsky thereupon derides Growski as being like all the rest, despite the fact that Chomsky opened his commentary by with a statement designed to create confrontation, calling the Lester B. Pearson airport the \\"War Criminal Airport\\".<br />Chomsky then goes on to note that the switchboard lit up ... with people angry with Growski for the way he was treating his guest (the late Peter Gzowski was much-loved figure on Canadian radio, it should be noted). Pearson is a highly regarded Canadian Prime Minister and Nobel Peace Prize winner. Chomsky seems perplexed by this reaction, which should have told him, a seasoned intellectual, that he didn't understand it. <br />What the incident should have told him was something about the standards Canadians expect from their broadcasters, and that in fact they won't put up with their media behaving in that fashion. Gzowski's behaviour was uncharacteristic of the media in Canada in general and himself in particular, which was why it elicited thousands of calls chastising Gzowski from all over the country. Therefore Chomsky's contention that the Canadian media is like the US media is exactly wrong, based on that example.<br />I'm also unimpressed by him repeating such a serious contention about Pearson in this book without evidence noted in the book so that the claims can be evaluated. He doesn't try to explain what those alleged criminal activities are, or how Pearson was a \\"major criminal, really extreme\\". What, like Hitler? Charles Manson? What do you mean, and where's the proof, Professor Chomsky? The vague footnotes on associated website say that \\"Pearson's allowing Canada to use its status as an allegedly \\"impartial\\" international mediator to assist the U.S. in its Indochina policies before and during the Vietnam War\\". How is an biased mediator (allegedly) a major, extreme criminal? (Assuming that's what you were referring to). What law was broken by Pearson personally? Chomsky also conveniently forgets to mention how Pearson blocked UN Security council support for the US regarding Vietnam, creating a huge rift between the US and Canada. In fact, Pearson and Johnson hated each other, but this is not mentioned, either. Thus Chomsky's account is a distortion.<br />Instead of receiving a substantial - and substantiated - argument I expected, I had the feeling of listening to someone spoutting off with commentary in a pub, and it's worth exactly as much to me.  I'll look at the rest of the book, but these two issues - Chomsky's misinterpretation and serious, slanderous allegations - already cast a long shadow over what he has to say.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkun Park are my favoritte nu-metal band.  I wuz walking arownd at schewl wun day and this ten year old kid said why don't you listen to Linkun Park.  I said they blew chunx and he and hiz friends beat me up.  Now I luv Linkun Park.  Frum what I have been told they are jeanussez and three of them have alreedy pazzed gramar schewl.  I luv these guyz.  They swear a lot and I even picked up on a feew sublimenal messajez whiyle listining two the cD backwurdz.  They mayke me think all sorts of wierd thowts and I luv them 4 that.  The talent is unbeleevibel and the lyrix R asstonisshing.  I hav not herd a band with suchh talent sinse the Bakstreet Boyz.  My brother tellz me no, listen to Steel Prophet, Danzig, Metallica, Iron Maiden, Queensryche or Sodom but I say no becuz they creep me out andd hav no talent.  They don't evun hold thierr guitarz write.  Beleev me when I tel you Linkun Park is wun of a kind and know wun haz made muzic thiss uhrijinel sinse Britnny Speerz.  Linkun Park does not wayst the time or space with useless guitarr soloz becuz soloz recwire no talent.  Thank you Linkun Park I love you!  They are so cuyt and adorrabel and chix love them two.  Nu-metal is butiffell becuz it showz that yu don't need two no how two spel to play grayte and uhrijinell muzic!!!  Linkun Park alreddey haz a biggR fan folowwing than AC/DC does!  Say know two no tallent sik weerdow groups like Iron Maiden and BY HYBRED THERRY NOWW!
B000002ADT|5.0|Being a life long fan of rap (I'm only 18)the only exposure of Jazz I had was when rap groups like Digable Planets & A Tribe Called Quest would sample Jazz songs in their music. At that time Jazz to me was only Louis Armstrong & Duke elligton, but that all change when I saw the Ken Burns series on Jazz last year. That Series introduce me to Dizzy,Bird, Coltrane, Billie & The Duke but the artist that struck m the most was Miles. I don't know if it was just his look or that a man with so much intensity could play some of the sweetest music I ever heard Miles just got to me. In the series they shown & play some of Miles recordings like \\"Birth Of The Cool\\", \\"Sketches Of Spain\\", \\"Miles Ahead\\" & ETC. The pieces of music that they played were great but the one song that sent chill down my spine was from \\"Kind Of Blue\\" later I would find out that name of the song was called \\"All Blues\\". How can anyone not fall in love with Bill Evans solo on that track don't get me wrong everyone played perfectly but to me Bill evans stole the how on that track. \\"Blue In Green\\" is another song that captures the chemistry that Miles & Bill shared. Miles once said in Blue In Green \\"You can tell where it starts but u can't tell where it stops...I love the suspense. Not only does it sound good- it's unpredictable\\". To me this is the song (on the album) to put on in the middle of the night & just fall asleep to. \\"So What\\" is the first tune in the album and the opening in my opnion could be one of the greatest opening in music (right there with The Doors \\"Light My Fire\\")That song opens with Paul Chambers (Bass player) starting the melody with Bll Evans at the piano behind him, but to me the moment that display the power of that song is when Miles comes in & starts his solo & Jimmy Cobb (Drums)crash on the down beat which creates a splash effect that is can be seen as a unofficial signal for Miles to delivers one of his most unforgettable solos. The other tunes \\"Freddie Freeloader & Flamenco Sketches\\" are just as good as the ones (if not better) that I mention it just the 3 that I spoke about had the biggest impact on me. I'm not gonna say \\"Kind Of Blue\\" is the greatest Jazz album ever since I've only been a fan of jazz for only year (But I do own over 20 jazz album & most of the are the landmark ones like \\"A love supreme & Saxaphone Colossus\\" but if a Jazz album made 24 years before my birth was able to have a impact on my life & make me listen to music in a whole new way I'm postive it will do the same for you.
B00005OAIE|4.0|This is a really nice, relaxing and enjoyable album.  John's voice is smooth and sweet.  I do not purport to be a music officianodo, nor to I claim to have the talent to rate one musician against another.  However, I do know what I like to listen to and what I don't.  I enjoyed this CD for it's own uniquness and fresh sound and appeal.  &quot;No Such Thing&quot; is a very fun and light tune and was the tune that prompted me to buy the CD.  The rest of the tracks I considered a bonus.  Buy this CD.  You can't go wrong.  In fact, my 17 year old daughter even liked it.  So, from this 42 year old woman who knows what sounds good, enjoy!  Don't let the Rickey Wright's steer you wrong!!
B0000047CX|5.0|This album is great for anybody who is just starting to explore jazz or for someone who has just bought a new hi-fi stereo (in my case both!). Gilberto's vocals are haunting. Play this album on the right equipment and she becomes a wonderful unexpected house guest.
B000002KBU|5.0|There is nothing like &quot;Blue&quot; to feel centered, grounded and empowered as a woman...all at the same time. Not empowered in the &quot;feminist&quot; sense of the word, but in touch with your power as a woman in a man's world, and feeling okay where you are at the moment. I don't know what it is about the powerful, mellow tones that Mitchell evokes, but it grounds me like nothing else. This is an old album, and a cherished one. I just bought the CD because I sold my well beloved casette and wanted a more updated format so that I wouldn't have to flip it over to hear all the songs. What an enchanting moment in time it is to push the &quot;play&quot; button and feel joined by a kindred spirit, a little less alone in the world, and a lot more at peace with it.
B000002AH7|5.0|I was first introduce to this album while watching the ken burns series on &quot;Jazz&quot; last year. I fell in love with the first 30 second of &quot;Concierto De Aranjuez&quot; if that was the only song on the album it would still be consider a classic to me. I can't imagine anyone playing that song &amp; not you change your whole mood or have you picturing a bull fighter in action, it just that beautiful. The song is over 12 min. but to me it still wasn't enough as I type I'm listening to it at the moment &amp; it's really difficult to type when such a beautiful song in my ear. &quot;Will O' The Wisp&quot; is the second song while it doesn't contain the beauty (In my opnion) of &quot;Concierto De Aranjuez&quot; it still a great song to wake up too and go to school or work. &quot;The Pan Piper&quot; has a nice mystery feel to it u could just imagine being in spain in a full moon night with that song playing. &quot;Saeta&quot; start with a nice drums pattern but then comes to a wonderful solo by Miles then returns &amp; end with that wonderful drums patern. &quot;Solea&quot; is my 2nd favorite track it begins with a miles solo that but slowly the other instruments come &quot;alive' and the tempo start pick up. This is truy a great track &amp; also one of my fav. miles performances.<BR>&quot;Song of our country&quot; is a great closer &amp; it the most &quot;Jazzy&quot; tune on the album I don'think the song wouldhave work if it wasn't a closer. Out of all the Miles &amp; Gil Evans album thisis my fav. If u looking for a album that can not only set a mood in your home but is perfect to just lay back &amp; chill Sketches of spain is th album should have in mind.
B000001GPX|5.0|Let's be frank.  There are many fine versions of both of these pieces.  I have several recordings of each, including outstanding discs by von Karajan and Berlin, as well as Haitink and the Concertgebouw.  The Kleiber recording, nevertheless, is very special and DG is to be commended for including both on a single disc.  <br />The performances are riveting - strong and full of energy - and the sound quality is outstanding.  This is the kind of Beethoven that turns people ON to Beethoven.
B0000047CX|5.0|This album is great for anybody who is just starting to explore jazz or for someone who has just bought a new hi-fi stereo (in my case both!). Gilberto's vocals are haunting. Play this album on the right equipment and she becomes a wonderful unexpected house guest.
B0000507R2|1.0|This such a great CD but who ever mixed it for DVD-Audio needs to be looking for a new career.  It was mixed as it it was an old prologic movie, almost like a live performance.  The DVD does not use the potential of the the 5.1 sound.   It was very disappointing.  If they can remix an old record like the Eagle's Hotel California in way that knocks your socks off why the heck is this so poorly done?  Yahama's 6 Channel Stereo feature on the PCM stereo track sounds much better than the actual surround sound.  Natalie's fans deserve better than this for their 22 bucks.
0671027344|5.0|I read and enjoyed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.  At 33, I am probably a little older than it's target audience, but I still found it to be an honest, heartfelt work...I am not surprised to see that this novel has resonated so deeply with so many people.  I have also read the plea's of many teenagers, desperate to know about more books like this.<br />To those of you wanting to read more books like \\"Wallflower\\", I would first suggest reading all of the books Charlie's teacher recommended to him.  All are excellent, and all contain the spirit of \\"Wallflower\\".  Certainly \\"Catcher In The Rye\\" and \\"A Separate Peace\\" are the closest in terms of story arc.<br />Other than that, I would also recommend \\"Rule of the Bone\\" by Russel Banks.  Like \\"Wallflower\\", \\"Rule of the Bone\\" is often compared to \\"Catcher in the Rye\\".  While Chappie from \\"Bone\\" and Charlie each face different challenges, each could be soulmates in that each is an honest, lonely soul, just looking for his place in the world.  Check it out, you won't be able to put it down.  It will move you in much the same way \\"Wallflower\\" did.  In fact, I liked it a little better than \\"Wallflower\\".<br />I'd also recommend \\"About A Boy\\" by Nick Hornby.  It is more humorous and lighthearted than \\"Wallflower\\", but it also contains an lonely, outsider young adult who finds a friend in an older, popular classmate who sees him for the unique, special guy that he is.<br />Let's see, what else... have you read \\"A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius\\" yet?  No?  Go read that one too!!!<br />Finally, I loved that Charlie listened to The Smiths.  If you are in highschool now, or if you did not grow up listening to the Smiths... and, if you feel a spiritual kinship with Charlie... then The Smiths should be the soundtrack for your life.  \\"Asleep\\" is just one of many wonderful songs by Morrisey and Marr.  Also check out \\"Unloveable\\", \\"Please Please Please Let Me Get What I Want\\", \\"How Soon Is Now\\", and \\"That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore\\", and literally, anything else by The Smiths.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Although the idea of the movie is pretty corny, the acting and special effects more than make up for it. If you've never seen the movie, this is basically it: Memphis Raines(Cage) takes a boost consisting of stealing 50 cars in 3 days to save his brothers' life(Ribisi). While at the same time, a detective(Lindo),who has had a bad past with Raines, is trying to catch him in the act so he can 'put him away' for good. Sounds corny huh? Well, on paper, yes, but the actual movie is great, especially the scene on the shipyard. Watch it, you'll understand. Plus, it has all those cars, including a (drool) '67 Shelby GT 500. Overall, if you like action movies, cars, and action movies with cars, you'll definitely like this movie.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India.Arie's smooth as silk voice, mesmerizing lyrics, and mellow acoustics make this CD a &quot;Must-Have&quot; for any lover of Soul music, or any music lover in general!
0553573403|5.0|There are a lot of fantasy authors nowadays, but none compare to George R.R.Martin and his Song of Ice and Fire. In comparison their stories and plots are much easier to predict. Here when you think a soution to a problem is finally at hand, there will be another turn and you`re back in the scheemes and plots of the charachters, their triumphs and falls, may it be the young lord/king Robb and his mother Catelyn, the very clever Tyrion and his sister queen/regent Cersei or the exiled young queen Daenerys and her unusual destiny. There are many charachters in this book, and all are very well defined. It is a book you wish to read in a night, but can`t because you just have to pay attention to the many details.<br />It is not a classic \\"good fights evil\\" story, but a story of different interests and many sides that oppose eachother, alliances, family, friends and enemies, trust and betrayal, new found friends and values all mixed up in fabulous novel. Nothing in it is predictable. Good guys don`t always win, and bad guys don`t allways loose. They can even turn into a good guy somewhere in the story.<br />It is not a book you take lightly. You follow several charachters trough their trials, plots and subplots.<br />I have read authors like Tolkien and Ursula LeGuin, or even Terry Goodkind, Robert Jordan, Rymond E. Feist, Terry Brooks and others, and I find the epic Song of Ice and Fire far above these last and side by side with Tolkien`s Lord of the rings, wich has been my absolute favourite for the last 5 years. It is ofcourse very different and much closer to reality, well it is as real as it can be, but it is a masterpiece.
0895292211|4.0|I found this book very informative and enlightening but too technical at times which made the learning process a little less enjoyable for me.
B00004Z459|5.0|This cd is great!!  I think that all most every song on this cd needs to be a hit.  If you like a mix of rock and rap, then you need to get Hybrid Theory!!!
B000006MS3|5.0|Not an album for the faint-hearted and timid, Kate Bush's weird, wonderful, dark, delightful, bizarre and beautiful The Dreaming from 1982 forever changed the musical landscape and blazed the trail for such commercially successful mainstream names such as Tori Amos and Sarah McLachlan. Kate herself has dubbed this her \\"mad album,\\" with good reason. Here she destroys all musical boundaries while producing--inventing--musical works that remain fully compelling and listenable twenty years after their creation. Kate employed piano, bass, guitars, a Fairlight synthesizer, plumbed the depths and soared the heights of her soul, mind and imagination and came up with a unique set of tracks that show influences from every musical genre modern and not-so-modern, and she sounds like no one else on the planet. Not even those genius Sgt Pepper lads.<br /><br />For the novice listener, the cuts that will first attract will most likely be the bouncy \\"Suspended in Gaffa\\" and the quasi-two-reeler \\"There Goes a Tenner\\" (about a bank heist gone wrong). There's lots more available here, though, that will suit a tremendous variety of moods and moments. For a deeply moving experience, \\"All the Love,\\" \\"Houdini\\" and \\"Night of the Swallow\\" are tops. For an adrenaline-driven rhythm, \\"Sat in Your Lap\\" fits the bill. Want more daring to nightmarish sounds? Try the terrifying \\"Get Out of My House\\" and the oddly recorded \\"Leave It Open.\\" For a more philosophical take on war on a human scale, \\"Pull Out the Pin\\" does the job. Want a veiled criticism of the behavior of the English in Australia vis-a-vis the aborigines? \\"The Dreaming\\" will satisfy.<br /><br />Don't be scared off by the puzzling sounds that will greet you on your first listen (which is likely to happen). This is an album that requires multiple listenings and demands your full attention for its complex, multilayered beauty to be truly appreciated. When you do, you'll wonder why you didn't get it (in more ways than one) much, much earlier. An album you CANNOT, should NOT pass up, if you want to witness the work of a genius. Or a madwoman. Or both--Kate skillfully cris-crosses that fine line countless times on this endlessly fascinating landmark album. Five stars.
B00004Z459|1.0|why do people call this metal.  this is no where near metal.<BR>you can't mosh to any of the songs, no double bass, and no solos.<BR>When I first heard One Step Closer, I thought it was sn ok song and I thought the other songs on the album would be much harder because one step closer had a cool riff and the dude started screaming at the end, but what I got was a mixture of pop and rap.  Its like N' Sync started rapping and playing guitars.  But if you are a fan of N'Sync and Rap Music then this album will most likely appeal to you.  but please calling this band metal is like calling Slayer a rap group
B00005QIPH|5.0|It's a shame...seeing so many people jaded from all the publicity and hype, and forming their opinions of The Strokes by it.  I doubt any of these detractors have even heard the record, or at most, the single \\"Last Nite\\".  Being in Hong Kong, perhaps luckily I've been shielded by all the press, but I got turned onto them a year ago through word-of-mouth and loved them ever since.  Yes, I downloaded their live bootlegs and that's how I started getting into them, but that's exactly the point.  It's the music and nothing else that convinced me that they're a great band.  Not their pictures, their ridiculously fabulous names, nor any of the reviews, articles or interviews, but the music itself.<br />Now moving onto the album, this record just kicks...It's been said before, but I'll say it again: in one of the most depressing and bleak times for music (and more specifically, rock 'n roll), The Strokes have come out of nowhere to deliver the freshest, loveliest album for years.  But besides the timing, I would have loved this album whether it came out in 1955, 1964, 1976 or 1984.  It's purely just a great record, destined to be a classic.  Yes, Julian's voices sounds like Lou Reed, but it also sounds like Jim Morrison - the point?  Who cares, it's a great voice and it goes well with the songs.  Now who can dispute Lou Reed and Jim Morrison had great voices, anyway?<br />The tunes are utterly refreshing and hummable.  This is melody rock, laced with atitude and romaticism and subtle humour and irony.  I feel like I'm in New York when I listen to it.  Now having their bootlegs as well as the early EP, I can say The Strokes probably sound exactly the same on record as they do live, which is...great in this age of Smashing Pumpkins/Limp Bizkit-type overproducedness.  I didn't think I would ever get to hear another raw record that wasn't indie ever again, with this age of computers and DJs, sampling and poseur rappers.  Whatever you might think of The Strokes 'cause of the hype, give yourself a chance and listen to this record.  If you love it, welcome to the club.  If you hate it, that's fine too, but at least it's based on the merits of the music and not anything else.
B000002JPA|5.0|This CD is simply one of the best ever created. Their music flows together perfectly and it has a great atmosphere. The CD is incredibly uplifting and just makes you feel really good. Every single member of the band is pro at their instruments. <br />James Labrie (vocals) has an incredible voice although it may take some getting used to. John Petrucci is a guitar GOD. The man is incredible, everything from his solo's to his rythyms are perfect. He is my guitar idol and my main influence. Mike Portnoy is and incredibly technical drummer and is also one of the most elite i have heard. If you ever see his drum set, its massive. The keyboards and bass are also top notch and flow perfectly with the rest of the band.<br />I'm not sure how a band like this came together. There is no weak link. My favorite track is Take The Time. Its very uplifting and near the end of the song the guitar solo and keyboard together sound amazing.<br />This is a cd you should most definetely get. Im not really sure who to compare Dream Theater to as a reference, I suppose they slightly remind my of Opeth because of the harmony in their songs.<br />Easily one of the best Progressive Rock albums in existence and one of the best Metal albums of all time.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I found this movie to be enjoyable from the beginning to the end. Who would have known that Princess Fiona becomes an ogre at sundown?<BR>The best feature of the DVD is the karaoke dance party. I played the DVD for some kids and they started dancing!
0446678430|2.0|Although this book covered some very interesting and some what complicated concepts (such as Context vs. Content; different types of leverage), I find this book contains way too many fillers and self promotions. Not only did the fillers wasted a lot of the readers' time, it also hurt Mr. Kiyosaki credibility as an financial educator.  We all know that Mr. Kiyosaki is getting rich by selling books like this one. I feel he is milking his ideas too much. I know one thing, he just lost me as a returning customer.
B0000203YT|5.0|'Shakespeare in love' is one the most romantic movies i have ever seen... it brings shakespeare back to life for me. Altough i have always been a fan of Shakespeare, this movie hit home for me and made me appritiate him more... it is classified as a comedy and yes there are some funny parts but i think it is so much more than a comedy... i can not even begin counting the number of times i have watched it and it seems to get better each time!! Geoffrey Rush and Gwyneth Paltrow are truly awsome together!
B00005R87Q|2.0|I rented this DVD with my ex. Of course, it was more of his kind of mobie than mine because it's a \\"guy movie\\". Anyway, I thought that there'd be more action and more cars. However, I was disappointed. The plot (but then again, who cared about the plot?) was flat and the characters (except Letty) were pretty weak and fake. Overall, I fell asleep towards the end of the movie.
B000002PCS|5.0|The music created by John Barry is just beautiful, it not only captures the very essence of the film, but it can still be appreciated if you've never seen it. It's haunting and romantic, filled with emotion and feelings; the kind of rare music that can bring you up in goosebumps when you listen to it. Being a fan of classical music and movie soundtracks, I can't recommend a soundtrack more than I recommend this one. Exquisite.
B00005U1YO|5.0|People like to point out the fact that the Brothers repeat their formula, but how many acts' formula is unwavering brilliance? With Come With Us, the duo has established themselves as one of those rare groups/artists that can seemingly do no wrong. Going into my first listen I had little doubt the record would be great- it's just a matter of how they go about it this time. The LP retains the sweeping emotional feel of Surrender, but spikes it with more outright funk and contains no drops in quality (re: Hey Boy... on Surrender). The mood is set with the leadoff title track, which is an amazing mindwarping breakbeat workout-and continues with the hit It Began In Afrika, the head-nod joint Galaxy Bounce, the warm and emotional Star Guitar, and the psychedelic electro workout of Hoops. That's the first half, and it contains more memorable moments than most artists produce in a career. It never gets dull, and I hope the Brothers never resort to the kind of laziness that plagues electronic and hip-hop producers after they see some success. There's certainly no sign of it here.
B000035Z3K|5.0|Universal Studios began their Hollywood Monster Movie dominance with Bram Stokers screen adaptation of \\"Dracula\\".  Purchasing the film rights, they brought the Broadway Hit & its star Bela Lugosi to the Universal backlot to film this gothic horror movie.<br />\\"Dracula was Universal's first of a series of Classic Horror Pictures brought out in the 1930's & 40's.  Now Universal Studios has restored / remastered these Hollywood Classics and released them on DVD's titled \\"Classic Monster Collection\\".  These movies are all the best of and have many extra features and commentary's for us to enjoy.<br />This \\"Dracula\\" DVD provides us with 3 versions to watch & enjoy.  Plenty of comparisons to watch!  Version 1) provides us with the Original film having only music at the opening credits. (Background music & Musical soundtracks were a few years away due to the primitive sound systems and the expensive equipment).  Still very errie and provides a very intense movie.  Version 2) is the Original Film with a new musical score by Philip Glass performed by the Kronos String Quartet.  This livens and increases the drama immensely.  Although traditionalists may find this a little overwelming.  Version 3) is the Spanish version filmed simultaneously at night with the Original Version using the same sets.  Some consider this a better cinemagraphic production but Bela Lugosi's performance in the English version proves he is the one & only \\"Dracula\\"!!!!!<br />Summary: Count Dracula (Bela Lugosi)is relocating to England where new & unaware victims are plentiful.  A real estate agent Mr. Renfield (brilliantly played by Dwight Frye) becomes Draculas mortal servant for the undeads Master & wives journey aboard a doomed crews vessel.  Upon Dracula's arrival in England the story reaches a hunter and hunted scenario.  This Dracula still gives the viewer chills and the fear he brings with him.<br />The DVD is Full-Screen, Black & White, with outstanding transfer picture & sound quality.  A definite addition to your Classic Hollywood horror DVD movie library.  Enjoy
B00005B36H|5.0|This the latest album from the mighty tool (understatment) is the best album since...well their last. It's everythin' you expected, not in terms of the way it sounds, but for the fact it's another ground breaking album from this band. This album sounds nothing like aenima, it's got a kind of \\"tribal\\" sound goin' on through out (see maynard's tribal chants and weird drum pattern's on opener \\"the grudge\\"). What it does have in common with aenima is most of the songs are 6 minutes+ and a few of the trademark intro's has seperate tracks (the latter in my opinion being the only critical thing of this band, but that's hardly a crime). The biggest surprise for me was the track \\"schism\\" which has to be one of the most original songs i have ever heard, even for this bands standards with beautiful harmonies from maynard on the later half of this song. Other highlights include tool's heaviest track \\"ticks & leeches\\", \\"parabol/parabola\\", \\"the grudge\\" the 11-minutes of \\"reflection\\" (which would have fitted nicely on the soundtrack to the mummy) and the albums best song \\"lateralus\\" with the best base playing i have ever heard in my life. In a world of nu-metal ... this album from a very special band was vital. If your new to tool i think you should check out aenima first then buy this album next, and if you can, get a copy of salival, do so because there's a song called \\"merkaba\\" with the best vocals i've heard from maynard, you really need to hear that song...Oh and be sure to check out a perfect circle, not as genius-like as tool but ... over most other bands. At the end of the day the longer this band goes on the more legendary they become. Some bands nowadays only have one or two members who are really talented, tool have four and come together musically like flea and frusciante from the chilli peppers, adding the best frontman in rock with the best vocals since chris cornell and Danny Carey who rivals Dave Grohl and Matt Cameron for the 90's best drummer
014028009X|5.0|This is the watershed book.  It's the book that started the British-girl-30ish-singleton craze.  I loved every page.  I (along with millions of others) totally related to the character.  It is one of my top ten favorites of all time.
0767802659|3.0|This was initially a successful science fiction novel written by a veteran of the Pacific Campaign during the second world war. It was part an action adventure with parallels to the  Guadacanal Campaign and also a political tract. The political ideas in the book were something which upset leftist commentators. Effectively they involved absolute unquestioning obedience by military personnel and a notion that government should only be run by people who had served in the armed forces. Ironically these values of course brought Japan to the brink of oblivion. <br />The film is rather unusual in a number of ways. The book was largely concerned with portraying a future society so that most of the narrative involved was the main characters training and his conflict with his parents. The war itself was very high tech and the enemy a race of insects also shared the sort of technology used by humans. <br />The film is sort of satirical in a strange way. It approaches the values of the future society in a sceptical way. The heroes wear Nazi uniforms and the experiments carried out on the aliens are inhuman. News reports are used to convey information and they resemble those of a totalitarian government. Critics have cottoned on and some of them have suggested that the film raises the question about who are the baddies as if it was some massive insight. <br />The other strange thing is that the alien enemy is shown to have no technology at all. Their troops do not have weapons and they move about the starts by flinging eggs to distant planets. All this makes no sense at all. One of the scenes in the film recounts how a large city on the earth was destroyed by the aliens pushing a meteor into a collision path with earth. However if there was no technology how would they know where earth was let alone push large boulders in that direction. The reality is probably that it would have been difficult to animate the aliens so that they could carry weapons so that the plot of the book was altered accordingly.<br />Despite the plot holes, the improbabilities and the question marks about whether you are barracking for the new Reich, the film is in its own way entertaining.
0385335482|4.0|This sweet and totally adorable story follows the woman we all fear we shall become - the Shopaholic.  She purchases not just a few things on a whim - but EVERYTHING!  So well written is the book, though, that the reader can really relate.  The main character is looking for a better job, a new man (well, a rich man anyway), trying to balance her huge overdraft...and all the while it's hilarious.
6301978587|5.0|I only wish I had taken the time to see it in the theater. Streisand had been trying to make this movie for years and she finally did it, her way. Yentl is the story of a young, jewish girl who longs only to have a full education.  Back then, such a thing was unheard of for a young woman.  The steps she is forced to take and the people she meet on her journey draw us in and allow us to care about this young girl. Streisand as Yentl is<BR>engaging. The supporting cast shine but the real star of the show is the music. I've played this tape over and over again, I will never tire of the story and Yentl will remain one of my favorite movies-never to be sold
B00005QB42|5.0|Deva Premal is blessed with a rare vocal gift which, in its purity, would be most enjoyable even without musical accompaniment. Immediately her voice sent chills up and down my spine. I felt wrapped in the arms of the divine, drawn blissfully  to tears and began to sway in rhythm to the music. True vocal treasure that will heal your soul. Namaste, Devi Namaha!
B000001F76|5.0|I first heard this collection on vinyl in the late 70's when it was originally released, and I didn't understand what the fuss was about.  Almost 25 years later I finally get it.  Hank Williams was a young genius who was able to compress a much older sensibility into two minute pieces of perfect songwriting.  It's no wonder he's had such an influence on folk, country, and alt. country for all these years.  Lyrical wit and wisdom, and mostly impeccable musical decisions keep this collection as current as anything being written today.  The few selections that sound an awfully lot alike don't mar the impact because even they are a lesson in how a songwriter makes choices.  Listen to this cd, and then enjoy a fresh listen to whoever your contemporary favorites may be, and you'll hear where they're coming from.  I dare say anyone who picks and grins owes a huge debt to the senior Mr. Williams.
B00005QB42|5.0|Deva Premal is blessed with a rare vocal gift which, in its purity, would be most enjoyable even without musical accompaniment. Immediately her voice sent chills up and down my spine. I felt wrapped in the arms of the divine, drawn blissfully  to tears and began to sway in rhythm to the music. True vocal treasure that will heal your soul. Namaste, Devi Namaha!
B00005UEAR|5.0|This record, nothing less than simply phenominal, is further proof, after Metropolis pt.2, that Jordan Rudess is exactly what DT needed to become likely the best progressive metal/rock band ever. There isn't a sour note on the entire expanse of both discs. All the songs are incredible, the highlights being the sprawling 14 minute epic, &quot;The Glass Prison,&quot; and the amazing 42 minute title track. Thats not to say that the rest of the songs are anything less than marvelous themselves, as they all are amazing. The musicianship, as always is great, but there have certainly been improvements. I like to think of this as Dream Theater today expanding on the direction they were headed in before Awake. It reminds me quite a bit of Images and Words, yet with much more technicality and simply a much better sound, which really is amazing, because Images and Words is up there among my favorites. This is definitely thinking man's music, thats the only way to describe it. The only complaint I could muster up is a very very small one, and that is that James LaBrie sometimes sings too high, and by that I mean he pushes his voice beyond what sounds natural and good, but honestly, this problem is so minute, especially considering how great everything else is. If you are a musician in any way at all you will appreciate this record. It is well worth any price you pay for it. I think Jordan Rudess' performance is the highlight on this album. I was lucky enough to see Dream Theater live on the tour following Metropolis pt.2 and was immensely impressed by Rudess' solos and overall performance, in both Dream Theater and in the Dixie Dregs. Petrucci, Portnoy and Myung are all also amazing. Buy this now.
B00005RYLE|5.0|This is the most creative DVD I've seen and I can't wait to discover what eggs are hidden on this dvd - you know there has to be! It is also the only dvd with the actual footage of the short film that Ted Raimi, Sam Raimi, Bruce Campbell, and Rob Tapert made that was the very first idea of the Evil Dead. Altogether, this is the coolest DVD I've ever seen. Now if only Dead Alive would be made into a better DVD, then I'll be happy!
B000002KO3|5.0|Mesmerizing.  That one word can be used to perfectly describe this CD.  It is an excellent adaptation of tribal rhythms.  The grooves on this CD are so tight that each of the tracks feels like it could go on endlessly.  Yet, at the same time, it is extremely deep and spiritual.  David Byrne has transformed himself into an urban witch doctor of sorts.  At times, such as on tracks one and three, his chants are frantic and passionate (and he is joined by the tribal chorus) and at other times, like on tracks 6 and 8, he sounds almost like a zombie.  The atmospheres created on these tracks are primal, but in a very modern way.  They seem to capture the timeless, deliberate quality of nature and demonstrate that man's world, with all of its artificial trappings, is still a part of nature.  This is accomplished through the juxtaposition of technological effects with primitive instruments, like the clash of the electric guitar and the bongos in &quot;The Great Curve&quot; or the sophisticated keyboard effects and the pulsating drum beat in &quot;Seen and Not Seen.&quot;  This album's statement is that man, despite his predilection to view himself as some kind of elite being, is still very much in tune with the earth he came from.  This theme is expressed perhaps more artfully than that of any other album.  Eno and the Talking Heads have no interest in boring us with pretentious lyrics and are content to let the music do the talking.  Too bad other pop artists, and even the Talking Heads themselves, didn't use this CD as a model for future albums.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Being a lifelong Godfather fan, it was only a matter of time before I got this.  No need to review the movies themselves. Godfather I is great, Godfather II is outstanding (my personal favorite) and Godfather III, although not on the same level (what is) was very well done and it grew on me.<br />The packaging of the DVD set itself is stunning. The movies of course are very clear and the music is flawless.  Although not overwhelming in features like 5 trailors of each movie, what makes the set in my opinion is the audio commentary that is available by Coppola.<br />Coppola does audio commentary for all 3 films and it was so interesting that I couldn't turn it off.  Every scene he tells you something.  The actors and how the scene went, who was drunk, what mistake he made, who's in the background, directing tips, everything! I have seen Part I and Part II at least (no kidding) 30-40 times each and Part III 5 times in my life.  Some sick Godfather fans out there can probably match or top that.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Just watch this movie.<BR>There are NO good guys and bad guys. They're for Disney movies.<BR>In this movie, there are just different parties and their goals. There's true Yin and Yang in everyone. For example, Claire Danes' character, San, is protecting the forest, but she's bloodthirsty. Minnie Driver's character, Lady Eboshi, wants to destroy the forest, but she took in the freakish outcasts known as Lepers whom no one else would accept. This movie will have your mouth open with one disturbing scene, but 20 minutes later you'll might even be near tears wit the sheer beauty of things.<BR>Just watch it. Bring your faimily too. Kids under 9 shouldn't watch this though.
B00005U1YO|5.0|This is not like the other albums, it goes a step farther than surrender, moving from a big-beat style, to...well, whatever this is.  Similar to the change of daft punk, from homework to discovery.<BR>Right from the first track of this disc, the opening strings, it grabs  you and fires up your emotions, wherever you are, whatever you are doing, you are escaping from something.  Every track on this disc seems to envoke emotion.  <BR>My favorite tracks are #4, star guitar, with a great light cosmic feel, #8, Denmark, which has one of the greatest build up/climax sections ive heard since crystal method's &quot;trip like i do&quot;  and #1 come with us, which would be great for a car chase.<BR>Being a DJ, i plan to use this record a lot. <BR>Previous chemical brothers albums (i have them all) were great, and really got you to dance, but this one makes your mind dance.
0380729407|5.0|This book was an interoggative inquisition of the brain.  Everytime you thought something, Bradbury made it into the last think your mind would allow you to think.  My brain twisted and turned. Honestly I had to read a lot of it over to fully understand the signifigance of what he was saying.
B000002KNI|3.0|I bought this CD because I like live albums and I wanted another Simon and Garfunkel album.   This was somewhat of a disappointment.  I guess I didn't realize when I bought it that most of the songs are just Paul Simon.  If you're really looking for a good Simon and Garfunkel album, go for The Best of Simon and Garfunkel.
0446604844|5.0|A great story.  I could not put this down.
B00005UEAR|5.0|First of all I'd like to say that I listened to this album for the first time with an open mind and not expecting anything from it.  I've been a big Dream Theater fan since Falling Into Infinity, i'm a fellow musician and i play bass and guitar.  I listened to the first cd and it totally blew my mind, if you're looking for endless riffs and heavy chops you wont be totally satisfied, but if you're looking for well composed music and awesome talent you'll be more than happy with the album.  My personal favorite &quot;degrees&quot; after the title track are The Glass Prison and Misunderstood.  Each song clearly shows Dream Theater's influences and what inspire them to make such jaw-dropping songs.  As for the title track it can be compared to the classic A Change of Seasons not for its length but for its geniousity and musicianship.  It has eight parts and seven of those parts consist of a different mentally unstable person, it shows their majestic imagination when writting lyrics and establishes 6DoIT as another masterpiece by one of the best bands in the world
B000001Y42|5.0|This CD is limps best by far.  It's before thier sell out album \\"significant other\\" or wutever, so its really good and it gives you a hint of wut limp was like before they let the lime let blind them.  Sam's bass playing and Wes' guitar playing are superior, and Fred can actually sing.  I love this cd and i say screw all the new limp fans cause without wes they suck!
B000002MUW|5.0|This CD is truly amazing.  Some might think of the 80s as a \\"bad decade\\" for music, but this CD is a real jewel.  Madonna makes such a statement with this album: that she's going to be sexy, and she doesn't care what the world thinks.  Tracks like \\"Human Nature\\" and \\"Survival\\" emphasize that she regrets nothing in her musical career.  This bold disregard for public opinion is what intrigued me and made me such a huge fan.  Kudos to Madonna for combining intelligence, elegance, and sensuality into a five-star album.
B00005N83M|5.0|This is by far one of the best CDs that is out there!! Jennifer Lopez's music is easy to sing and dance too. Songs like I'm Real, and Ain't it Funny, make the CD worth each cent. I highly recommend this CD to anyone that likes good dance tunes.
B0000025ZF|5.0|Roger Waters first &quot;true&quot; solo album (other than the easily forgettable &quot;Music from the Body&quot;) proves who the creative genius behind Pink Floyd really was.  &quot;The Pros and Cons&quot; is a brilliant concept album in which Waters uses a series of strange dreams as a storyline to vent on a number of personal issues, most importantly love and fidelity.  As is true with pretty much all Pink Floyd and Roger Waters albums, this album needs to be heard from start to finish to truly understand, but it is more than worth it as Roger's incredible ability to convey his emotions is so good it is overwhelming.  Roger is truly a master of using dynamic shifts within the music to give his lyrics that much more meaning.  If you were emotionally effected by the lyrical themes covered in &quot;The Wall&quot;, then I STRONGLY suggest picking up both this album and &quot;The Final Cut&quot;, as these are both albums that dig deeper into the personal turmoil that were the reasons that &quot;Pink&quot; (and that means Roger himself as well as the character in the movie) built the emotional &quot;Wall&quot;.  <br />Enough about the lyrical theme though, this is also a strong album musically.  Clapton is at his best, as is Sax player David Sanborn, while Michael Kamen's string arrangements are incredibly powerful.  If you have the patience to REALLY LISTEN to an album, start to finish, then &quot;The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking&quot; is definitely for you.
0792164903|4.0|I gave this four stars because it's not perfect, but is enjoyable.  I've seen this movie many times and it's kind of loosing it's charm but my sister doesn't seem to grow tired of it so I decided to give it four stars.  The atmospere sure is murky,which is expected with Tim Burton as the director, but fits in with the whole headless horesman thing.  This movie can be creepy for younger audiences.  For example, numerous times you will see heads being severed and then roll across the screen or Johnny Depp hacking at a tree with blood and decaying heads hidden within.  But give it a look.  If you like it I reccommend purchasing the DVD for the special features which include: 2 theatrical trailers, exclusive cast and crew interviews, exclusive &quot;Behind the Legend&quot; featurette, Commentary with director Tim Burton, selected cast biographies, and photo gallery.  Overall this is an enjoyable and mysterious movie with an eerie atmosphere to add flavor!
0871137380|5.0|I saw the movie prior to reading the book, and I am certain that made me appreciate the book all the more<br />So much was happening simoulaneously in the Mog on October 3rd, 1993 and the book really clarified the sequence of events.<br />The book was infomative, riveting, illuminating, disturbing and fast paced.<br />Mark Bowden wrote with a deep passion and what seems like a true appreciation of what those men went thru. He puts the reader right into the action.<br />You can feel the anguish, terror, grief and feeling of camarderie these men experienced.<br />It is deeply moving book.
1878424319|5.0|Quick and easy, yet it can change your life!
0375507507|5.0|I grew up in Kenya and reading Alexandra Fuller's book took me right back home to my wonderful and unusual childhood. Her writing is searingly clear and unapologetic. She has brilliantly captured the child's perspective of growing up white in Africa  - our accepting &amp; adaptive way of dealing with extreme and unusual situations, being tough and strong, and sometimes bewildered and stunned, taking on great responsibilities, and never being coddled but just getting on with it! Everyone in her book was so familiar and perfectly described. I'm recommending it to all my friends! Her book reminded me why I'll never get Africa out of my blood, the intense seeping heat, the bright colors, the terrible and beautiful things we saw, the sounds, smells and feelings and that wonderful sky - I'll never get over it!
0345451325|5.0|Ok, there is nothing much to say. This book was great. It is kind of slow in some parts but adventure packed most of the time. If you like the game you will love the book. It gives you a better picture about Halo.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream Theaters latest work proves once again that they are the kings of progression rock. This cd flows so well, and the tracks have great pace to them. Portnoy, Rudess, Petrucci, La Brie, and John Myung are the masters of their craft and this album shines as one of their best. Get it as fast as you can.
0201485672|5.0|Refactoring definitely embodies the phrase &quot;don't judge a book by its cover&quot;.  Unfortunately I did this and missed out on a great book for too long.  Franky, this thing looks like a text book... not something that would be an easy, enjoyable ready.  However, this is exactly what it is.<br />Fowler's conversational style keeps the book moving and very enjoyable.  He opens with a refactoring walkthrough that introduces you to the general concepts.  After this the book catalogs all of the refactoring methods and really becomes more of a reference.  In about 30 minutes you can read the first few chapters and come away with a good appreciation for the book.<br />If you've been programming for a while you'll probably find that you were already performing many of the refactorings.  This book takes what you've been doing intuitively and formalizes it, much like Design Patterns.<br />Those that are new to programming might find the book a bit confusing since many of the refactoring methods are opposites of each other.  Experience really drives the decision of which refactoring to use.  That said, Fowler does a good job of stating the intentions behind each and providing good examples (all in Java, but simple enough to be understandable even if you aren't familiar with the language).
B000000OU0|5.0|Could it be 8 years ago this album was released? One of the best live albums I've heard - at least most of it is live. Other than the usual hits which are done if fine style, I especially liked 'The Girl From Yesterday'. The boys were at their best on this tour. Any chance of another one???
B00005OCMR|4.0|Years ago, the only way to see TRON was on video, a terrible pan and scan experience considering the care with which Lisberger &amp; Co. designed and filmed TRON. Now the DVD version has been reissued with a second disc absolutely BURSTING with bonuses.<br />Disc 2 is one of those well-designed DVDs with production art, outtakes, alternate music cues, all accessible via the arrow keys. Best of all are the well-known outtakes, Tron and Yori's &quot;love scene&quot; and &quot;morning after&quot; scene, alternate end titles (with Wendy Carlos' music, not the Journey song), dozens of sketches and production art by Syd Mead and Moebius. Possibly best of all is a new, 88 minute (!) documentary on the film: great interviews, production photos, reminisces from cast and crew, and more embarrassing hairdos and fashions from the late 70s, early 80s, than anyone'd care to admit to.<br />What makes TRON an enduring classic is that it bridged two eras of old-fashioned filmmaking and animation, with a new realm of digital, computer-generated (CG) imagery, still in its infancy. The story line itself bridged two eras of corporate computing resources and \\"popular computing,\\" as it came to be known. TRON prophesied the revolution in &quot;online&quot; culture and politics, e.g. corporate control versus free access, information security versus open source, and even took a swipe at intellectual property rights. Children of the 21st Century info age need to see this film, if only to realize that &quot;mom and dad&quot; came from an era of 8-bit video games, teletype computer monitors, and ... the &quot;personal computer&quot; was still a revolutionary idea. TRON is a bit of history, but the bonus is that it's still a fun, entertaining movie. I sure hope that Lisberger can come up with a second film.
B000000XBE|4.0|It's hard to believe how good this album sounds when it was recorded so long ago. A lot of the tracks are monaural. CCR was a very simple band with no big band sound yet they could rock it with guitars bass and a scattered sax solo. These were simpler time and the music reflects it. Three cheers for this great group who gave us so much enjoyment.
B00005NWM3|4.0|my bro got this cd for his bday he wouldnt let me listen to it so i took it and was able to hear the cd and from 1st sight i lovde it from the great lyrics to the cool guitar riffs this is alternative rock aqt its best
B00005UOXN|4.0|I went to a wedding and the DJ played 'Mony Mony' several times and I was hooked. Much better than the origional version. This whole album rocks and you'll enjoy listening to this album in surround sound. It's eerie and thoroughly enjoyable.
0440180295|4.0|Somehow I missed the point of why this book is catalogued as anti-war, yes it indicated that the bombing of Dresden lacked any military logic. Although hate for the enemy is not exactly an absurd feeling and it can not be denied that in 1945 the German civilians were not considered an innocent party in the confrontation.<br />Furthermore, it can also be argued that the end everything that we do lacks a real sense of purpose, basically because the reasons we believe are ours have been acquired from someone else (our culture) and that includes giving up our life in a war, choosing a profession, or electing the next weekend movie.<br />For me this book superficially remind us that we spend our life sleeping while simultaneously being awake, but that if at some point we take the time to look at our thoughts we might be able to get unstuck from the situation in which we are living and really be an independent person.<br /><br />On the other hand this books makes you smile once in a while but is not hilarious.
B00000DCHI|5.0|I had the origional version of this 2 disc set and always found it somewhat flat in quality. Then I picked up the re-mastered set and was pleasantly surprised with what Columbia did to improve the sound. Some of the selections on the remastered version are different takes than the origional but are all for the better as far as I was concerned.  A must album for Billy Joel fans as is Greatest Hits Vol. 3.
B000002KIE|5.0|When I finally got around to buying the tape in 1986, I was struck in awe with how the sum of what, at the time, seemed to be aweful parts could produce such a greater \\"whole\\".  The musicianship is poor, at best, the singing is not at all pretty and the production is bad.  It just doesn't matter.  After listening to it for about 200 times over the course of the next year, I realized something.  That is what Punk was about.  They weren't polished, but the music was still powerful and moving.  The lyrics were biting and clever - very sarcastic and cutting.  Johnny Rotten definitely got my attention.<br />Listneing to it 15 years later, it is totally obvious.  This record was, and still is, pure genius.  The music has lost nothing of its original punch.  It seems not to age, the way much music does - even great music, as time passes.  It is almost a shame that it all ended too soon.  Looking closely, though, I wonder what would have happened to the music if they became part of the \\"norm\\" society they seemed bent on criticizing.  Would they have been a predecessor to Rage Against the Machie?  - They put a landmark out there with their first album, since then the message seemingly hasn't grown much, and their music has suffered for it.  I guess it is good that they sort of self-destructed, keeping them in a more mythical state than if they had perservered.<br />I still listen to this every once in a while, though I no longer practice drumming to it.  I left that level of playing long ago, but I will never forget the music or why I played along to it in the first place.  Never Mind the Bullocks just kicks ass.
B000002B30|1.0|When I bought this album, I thought I'd enjoy it. I was wrong. the quality of the older recordings sound as if they were done in the thirties. The whole album should have been remastered. The selections are so-so. Guess I'm not much of a Springsteen fan.
0871137380|2.0|The author did an excellent jobs of providing the unit details, but I feel he did a very poor job of explaining the overall picture of Somolia.  <br />History Channel's presentation did an excellent job of setting the table, describing the overall mission.  I had read the book beofre seeing the Hisroy Channel presentation and regretted not having this big picture.  It would have only taken the author a few pages to do.<br />I loved how he shared the Somoli citizens point of view.
B000002GOZ|4.0|I'm not a big fan of live recordings with a few exceptions nobably Paris by Supertramp, Hell Freezes Over by the Eagles and this one by Bryan Adams.<BR>I've always felt he was overproduced in his studio albums with his voice somewhere back there trying to override the studio musicians. On this album, however, he's up front and centre and solely in charge. A great album and highly recommended for both it's quality and selections.
6305657947|5.0|Fabulous movie... I'm an art history major and not only did this movie strike a cord for me in that aspect, but the characters are sexy, modern, chic and set in my favorite city. This is a truly classy movie (with the exception of one scandelous sex scene which you can skip on the DVD if you don't want to scare your parents) and I can't reccomend it enough... It's the perfect movie for a growing collection... Can't say enough good things...
B000002U8I|5.0|This was the album that turned it all around for Tina. I saw her live on her Private Dancer tour and yes her legs are as long as they look and she's got talent to match. Steel Claw is the only dub on this otherwise excellent album. She followed up with more of the same great stuff. She's not getting older, she's getting better.
1881273156|5.0|This book teaches that there are five different ways that people experience and express love.  The author shows us how many relationships fall apart because a partner expresses love differently than their partner receives it.  Once the disconnect is defined and explained the solution is so simple and obvious.  If your spouse needs physical affection/sexual contact but you express love through words of spoken affection and vis versa, then obviously both partners will feel more love if some adjustments can be made. This is also true where the needs are gifts/tokens, acts of service and/or quality time.  Of course, the obvious corollary is that we generally express love in the way we would like to experience it, so it is easy to figure out what your spouse's needs are, as well as what you really need.  These are simple concepts that are so powerful in application.  This author has really found a great but simple way to save relationships.  This book should be required reading for newlyweds.
B000002NBY|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this. Flawlessly recorded. Great selections. And if you want to give your stereo a good work-out, turn the volume up and listen to 'You Can Call Me Al'. The trumpets alone on this song are worth the price of the disc.<BR>Paul Simon was in top form for this album.
B00005UEAR|5.0|but the second disc is a masterpiece of incredible quality. May be the best album of the year, and we still have 11 months to go!
0553266306|5.0|This book was brilliant to me.  I could get into the killers head as he tried to avoid the authorities.  I understood that Forsyth knew exactly what he was talking about when he wrote about the assassin.  The story was breathtaking.  I was tugged between wanting the assassin to kill the De Gaulle, and yet at the same time I wanted him to be caught.  Now that is a story!
0451197968|4.0|Well the story it self was great, fast, and enjoyable.  Overall the book is well worth the ten bucks it costs, and more.  HOWEVER, if you have not read this book yet, do not read the forward until you have.  The foreward gives away the ending, and the ending is amazing IF you haven't read the foreward.  So, ya, read the book, but read the foreward as if it were an afterward.<br />OVERALL:  Great read!!!
0743420373|5.0|THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR IS DYNAMITE!!!<br />   But THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR is not a how to book!!!  It's the best research book ever written about the wealthy--backed up by lots of interviews, profiles, and statistics!  <br />   And it proves something we've always suspected, that the rich are different from the rest of us, and they probably have more fun, too!<br />   THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR IS DYNAMITE!!!<br />                                            Chari Krishnan<BR>                                            RESEARCHKING
0064407667|5.0|This book is a great beginning for a series of unfortunate events because i thought the characters were great and it was filled with mystery, misery, and humor.<BR>At first the baudelaire orphans get told that there parents get killed in a house fire and then they have to go live with there evil relative named count olaf.  then everything is dreadful from three children sleeping in 1 room with only 1 bed to having a play that count olaf can take their money from. well, if u want to find out what happens, read the book! i did and i am already on the 5th book! i recommend it to everyone!
B00000J8EK|5.0|I love this album with a passion!  this is their best, second to none!  great album!  Feel the music and dance all night!  I will never get sick of this album...Got Glint?  is my favorite song of all time!
B00005UEAR|2.0|Dream Theater could fart on an album and their fans would give it five stars.  I LOVE Dream Theater, but this is their worst album since WDaDU.  I wanted to love this album so badly.  Heck, I wanted to LIKE this album.  But it just didn't 'make' it.  The songs are poorly structured.  No one doubts their musical abilities and those abilities are showcased yet again.  But DT needs to go back and listen to some albums that got it 'right', like Leftoverture from Kansas or even their own Images and Words.  Dream Theater has forgotten how to combine prog riffs AND 'hooks'.  I've listened to this album 10 times and I still can't remember anything off it and I'm already dreading having to listen to it again to see if it will even 'grow' on me.  I am WAY disappointed in this album.  Go back and listen to Images and Words or even Awake and then come back to this one.  I think fans will see what I'm talking about.  Don't get me wrong, I don't think DT needs to repeat themselves over and over.  But at least give us something to sink our teeth into and not just riff for the sake of riffing.  I'd like to SING along as well as riff along to some of these songs, but sadly I will have to go back to I&amp;W, Awake, or SFaM to do that.  DT is losing their way and I think it may have to do with elements of their solo projects creeping into the DT sound.  I don't know.  I just don't care for this album...
B00005QZWI|5.0|At just over an hour in length, this marvelous soundtrack can't begin to embrace the scope and majesty of Howard Shore's total score for &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring.&quot; The music that's here is wonderful and evocative of the scenes in the film, and I especially like the fact that each track's title comes from a chapter in the book; however, there's not enough of it. As others who've written reviews here, I do hope there are plans to release a second disc, such as was done with James Horner's soundtrack to &quot;Titanic.&quot; Perhaps if Shore wins the Academy Award for Best Soundtrack....
B00003CY5I|4.0|&quot;The Score&quot; is not the action adventure thriller it was made out to be that you expected from viewing TV or at the movies. Instead, it's a character driven crime drama about two men, both of different ages determined to make one very big payoff. It's engrossing to see DeNiro, Brando, and Norton all share the screen with each other as the three best actors of their generation.  They're etched in their characters so well that they manage to hold the plot down as entertaining. Frank Oz, doing a complete 180 from any lightweight summer comedy he's directed, handles the material with finesse, with beautiful cinematography and a nice jazz score. Very much an entertaining film that is a character driven heist flick, and not an action movie.
B00003CXXP|1.0|I saw this with my 18 year old son.  I was so excited to see it due to all the hype.  I was disappointed and wish I had just left before it finished. I have never done that before but we both agreed it was a waste of our time.  It was long and not what I expected from the beginning.  I took my son to see Tomb Raider and we both enjoyed it.  I like the director just not this film.
B00003CXZ4|4.0|Memento is a great movie.  By reading other reviews, you can get the idea of the plot.  I watched this expecting unique storytelling and a great climax.<br />Memento begins with a murder and then works its way back through the eyes of Lenny who has know short term memory.  Each scene begins with us not knowing how Lenny got there.  This is appropriate (not a gimmick) since Lenny has no idea either.<br />I paid attention to each scene trying not to miss any details that would confuse the ending.  But there really aren't any details to miss.  The ending covers all the bases and explains everything, yet there are many unresoved questions, and I think the director Nolan wanted it that way.<br />While Memento was unique, it was also quite humorous.  Guy Pierce did an excellent job of portraying Lenny.  Lenny seemed so trusting of everyone and since he had no memory of them, he assumed they were always being honest with him.<br />So while this movie is dark at its core, it portrays an innocence and lightheartedness that makes it fun to watch.<br />If you watch this movie and are somewhat confused then check out the movie's website.  It gives a lot of good information that may shed light on Lenny's condition.
B00003CWTH|2.0|There's no shortage of superb actors in fascinating situations and all in the hands of director-genius anderson...so why did this movie leave me so bored? Because it feels like melodramatic junkfood -- lots of emotion with little real heart or understanding. We don't really get to know any of the characters or care about them. The viewer is simply transported rocket-speed from one crisis to another, each of which is presented with feverish emotion. There's no silence or insight to enable the viewer to better appreciate the chaos onscreen. At least the tom cruise character is so over-the-top that he's fun to watch. Way too self indulgent for anyone out of high-school. give pt anderson credit for going for a grand slam here (and many feel he got it), but in my opinion he struck out.
6302914213|5.0|This image of the Red Room, this world of Twin peaks is horrifying!! I must admit I cried for hours after the ending of this show. I was extremely depressed, I still get depressed about and the first time I watched it was in January 2000. I really love this tape. I love TWIN PEAKS. It needs more to it. I want Lynch to direct another TWIN PEAKS movie!! I want MORE!!! PEAKS IN MY MIND HASN'T DIED. FRANKLY, I see Peaks still around, in a spooky world!!!!
B00004X0ER|4.0|Just when you're wondering what ever happened to punk in the US, what with all the bands in the vein of Blink 182, Sum 41, etc., the Hives from Sweden are ready to give the music world the kick in the ... that it needs.  Their songs are loud, raw, and explosive, with buzzing guitars and Pelle's snarling vocals.  They are absolutely amazing live.  \\"We like to think that by the time we play the third song, we have the audience in the palm of our hand,\\" said the frontman at their concert in Seattle.  And they sure did!  They were hilarious and charismatic and played one of the most furious, awesome sets I've seen.  That same attitude shows up on the record.  The Hives are definitely one of the better punk bands out there.  \\"We are the Hives, we are from Sweden, and we are your new favourite band!\\"
B00005JKJA|5.0|AHAHA!! MULHOLLAND DRIVE, YET ANOTHER GREAT MOVIE FROM DAVID LYNCH. LEFT ME MESMERIZED IN THE THEATRE, MAYBE I WASN'T PAYING ENOUGH ATTENTION OR MAYBE THIS FILM IS LIKE ERASERHEAD... MINDBENING!! MULHOLLAND SORT OF REMINDS ME OF A CONTINUUM TO LOST HIGHWAY OR SOMETHING... SUBTLE AND SPOOKY. SEXY. SEDUCTIVE... MULHOLLAND DRIVE...
B00005U11Z|5.0|In a word(or 2) Steve Who? This new guy (also named Steve) kicks butt. And if you saw \\"Behind the Music\\" all I can say is \\"Now that Steve Perry is gone- I am a new fan. Now Journey can record and tour like a real Rock n Roll band.
B00003CY0V|3.0|This is simply another one of those Hollywood excuses to make another action film, featuring big time stars (Travolta and Jackman). This film is not very memorable, there are no orginal action scenes worth noting. In fact, the story appears a bit lame too. <br />Anyone who has seen any of the Lethal Weapon films will have seen this stuff before.<br />I have to wonder why Travolta, man of his ability and reputation, couldn't pick something more challenging for him. Oh well, the sweet smell of commercial success struck again.
0345404475|4.0|This book was a bit of a surprise for me.  When I started reading it, I had no idea that it was the book Blade Runner was based upon.  Of course, I haven't seen the movie either, so this wasn't really an issue.<br />About the book though, it was highly interesting.  It was nothing particularly new in idea, though at its time it may have been.  It is about androids and their intelligence, basically.  The main character is a bounty hunter, paid to kill these androids posing as humans.  The one discretion I had about this was that Phillip K. Dick decided to give these androids a sense of life.  These androids wanted to live, but knew when it was time to end it.  It seems that artificial intelligence should remain just that...artificial.  How can you program a machine to feel emotions?  I know this is a fantasy book and that anything should be possible, such as their hover cars, but this struck me as a little far fetched.  <br />The book was very well written, smooth to read.  The vocabulary usage was just enough to emphasize complicity but simple enough to be easy to read.  I would recommend this to people who are interested in artificial intelligence, human reactions/emotions, or science fiction.<br />One more thing.  The ending.  Though I will not ruin it by telling everyone what it was about, I will say that I liked it.  Phillip K. Dick could have made it a lot worse or a lot better, I don't know.  This middle ground ending was good though, somehow not quite fitting yet still working for this plot.  <br />For the 200 some-odd pages that this book is, it goes pretty quickly.  I am looking forward to reading other titles of his.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Crowe does a great job here combining a coming of age story of kid wanna be rock music reporter with great classic 60's and 70's songs, travelling with up and coming band. Here he creates a compelling story, and his choice of music just reinforces the feelings and emotions of the movie. It's like you're really there, backstage with the band, hanging out with the groupies, riding the band bus/plane, etc. Crowe puts everything together, pieces it with great classic songs/music that reinforces the power of the moment.<br />It's just a great movie, letting you hang out with the band, and most of all, taking in all the great music from that era. Highly recommended!!
B00003CXE7|4.0|Maximus (Russell Crowe in a Oscar Winning Role) is the Most Powerful Roman General, loved by the People-He`s Protects them and the Dying Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), when he doesn`t want his Mean-Spirtied Son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix in a Oscar Nominated Role) to become King of his Temple by taking Maximus to be His Heir, Instend of his Son. Commodus murders his Father, then he framed Maximus for Murder. Meanwhile, Maximus escape from the Romans and he`s running to his home. His family are Killed by the Roman Soldiers. Maximus unable to Save his Family then He becomes a Slave by Becoming a Gladiator, his Owner Proximo (Oliver Reed in his Last Role) trained Him and the Other Slaves to Fight at the Roman Emperor, and then Maximus has become a Hero to the Roman Public, while he wants to have his Revenge with Commodus.<br />Directed by Ridley Scott (G.I. Jane, Hannibal, Black Hawk Down)  made a Outstanding Film, filled with Great Visuals, A fine Cast and Music Score by Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard (Also they were Oscar Nominated from thier Score). The film Supporting Cast including:Connie Nielsen, Djimon Hounsou, Derek Jacobi, Ralph Moeller and Spencer Treat Clark. Oscar Winner also for Best Picture, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound and Best Costume Design. Oscar Nominated for Best Art-Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Director, Best Editing and Best Original Screenplay. DVD`s has an good-looking anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1) transfer and an sharp DTS 6.1 Expanded Surround Sound (Also in Dolby Digital 5.1 Expanded Surround Sound and Dolby Surround 2.0 Sound). DVD Extras are an running Commentary Track by Director:Scott, Editor:Pietro Scalia and Cinematography:John Mathieson. Behind the Scenes Featurette, Deleted Scenes With/Without Commentary and More. This is a Stunning Film. Super 35. Grade:A-.
B000002GZ1|5.0|There are about a dozen or so albums that changed my life. This first effort by Paul Butterfield is definitely one of them. I was just in the early stages of learning the harmonica when I stopped into my local record store and asked the clerk if he had any suggestions. He immediately went and got me this album. I took it home played it and it forever changed the way I looked at the harmonica.<br />From the first cut, \\"Born In Chicago\\", through to the end the album is one classic cut after another. Arguably one of the best Blues bands ever assembled, Butterfield included friends Elvin Bishop and Mike Bloomfield as well as Howlin' Wolf veterans Sam Lay and Jerome Arnold to put together the first integrated band in Chicago Blues. The cross pollination of Urban Blues with white-kid Rock gave us a new sound that is as compelling as you can get.<br />Butterfield studied the master Chicago players, but added his own personal sound to it. Not content to merely copy Little Walter, Butterfield actually adds his own \\"Improvements\\" to the classic Chicago Blues harp sound and gives us something to really chew on.<br />If I had to pick my dozen best or most influential albums, this would definitely make the list.<br />Buy it.
B00003CX95|5.0|William Wallace (Mel Gibson in a Strong Role, also the film`s director) is a Scottish Rebel, who returns home to fall in love with an young beautiful woman (Catherine McCormack) but when she was Killed by the English Officers. William, later kills them and then starting a war with Warriors, trying to Keep the Peace between His Land and against the British for Freedom. He`s up against the Cruel English Ruler named Edward the Longshanks (Patrick McGoohan), who wishes to have the Crown to become ruler of Scotland. When he was a young man, William`s Family has been killed by fighting the Wars to Free Scotland. But Troubles Start, when William falls in love with the Queen of England (Sophie Marceau) but William`s Quest will be long journey with the help of a man named Robert The Bruce (Angus MacFadyen) to fight and Free Scotland, forever.<br />Directed by Mel Gibson (The Man Without a Face) has made a Important film, Winner of Five Academy Awards including:Best Picture, Best Director, Best Sound Effects Editing, Best Make-Up and Best Cinematography:John Toll (Also Oscar Winner for the Underrated film:Legends of the Fall). Oscar Nominated for:Best Original Screenplay, Best Music Score, Best Sound, Best Editing and Best Costume Design. A Sharp well made film. DVD has an strong anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1) transfer and an terrific Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD Extras are:An running Commentary Track by Director:Mel Gibson and a 25 Minute Featurette. The only thing is Missing in this DVD are:The Deleted Scenes was Aired in National Broadcast Network (NBC) back in 1999. Mel Gibson outdid himself with this film. Panavision. Grade:A.
B0000025RI|5.0|Thriller is as thrilling now as it was originally.  Michael Jackson has grown as a singer, writer, dancer, etc. etc.  His new releases, including the brand new &quot;Invincible&quot; are incredible!  He can do things no other singer has been able to accomplish.  He has be far the greatest entertainer of the century, and I highly recommend this CD as well as his new &quot;Invincible&quot;.  Also, if you like dancing,Michael Jackson's &quot;Blood on the Dancefloor&quot; has got to be the best dance CD I have ever heard.  Thanks, Michael, you are very much loved by your fans worldwide!
079073804X|5.0|When a 12 year old little girl (Linda Blair in a Oscar Nominated Role) has been Possessed by a Demon, who is Control of her Body. When a Down on his Luck Pyschiatrist Priest (Jason Miller in a Strong Performance, who was also Oscar Nominated), who tries to help the Possessed Little Girl. The Psychiatrist Priest gets help from a Professional Exorcist Priest (Max Von Sydow) to Removie the Evil Spirit out of her.<br />Directed by Oscar-Winner:William Friedkin (To Live and Die in L.A., Rampage, The Guardian) brings an Strong, Realistic Horror Film was Based on a True Fact. Based on the Novel by William Peter Blatty, who win an Oscar for Best Adapated Screenplay from his Novel makes this Horror Film an True Classic. This film also Win an Oscar for Best Sound. The Film was Oscar Nominated for Best Director, Best Actress-Ellen Burstyn, Best Art Director(Set Decoration), Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best Picture. This film was Good Supporting Performance, including-Kitty Winn and Lee J. Cobb. <br />The First DVD has both Widescreen and Pan & Scan with Dolby Stereo 2.0 Surround Sound. The Special Edition DVD has Commentaries Tracks by the Director, the Novelist and the Original Sound Effects, a Documentary, Deleted Scenes and More. Well, the Newest Studio Cut by William Friedkin added 11 Minutes of Footage in the New Exorcist DVD with an New Digitally Widescreen Transfer and an New Remastered Soundtrack in Dolby Digital 5.1 Expended Surround Sound. DVD Extras are:The Original but Added Commentary Track by Director:Friedkin. Production Notes, Traliers and Radio Spots. Watch for William Peter Blatty in an Unbilled Cameo. This is a real horror classic. Grade:A.
9700512479|5.0|I recommend this book to anyone who would like to read something that is not only worth your time, but makes you feel good after reading it.
0790729652|4.0|When a Millionaire named Bruce Wayne (Underplayed by Micheal Keaton) turns himself into a Crime Fighter Caped Crusder known as Batman. When a Dangerous Man named Jack Napier (Two Time Oscar-Winner:Jack Nicholson) turns himself as The Joker, Who wants to take Control of the City of Gotham.<br />Directed by Tim Burton (Ed Wood, Mars Attacks, Planet of the Apes) made a Well Made Action Film. The Highest Grossing film of 1989. Nicholson steals the film here. Although it falls flat at the film last half hour but it's still entertaining. This film has a Fine Supporting Cast including:Oscar-Winner Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Micheal Gough, Pat Hingle, Oscar-Winner Jack Palance and Billy Dee Williams. Followed by Three Sequels. Grade:B+.
B000050FEN|5.0|This is and excellent movie and this DVD does it justice.  I have to say that this is one of the best DVD packages that's  been put together in recent history.<br />The transfer, both audio and visual, is superb. You will really get something out of this movie if you have a good sound system to listen to it on.<br />What really makes this DVD, though, is all of the extras.  You get a glimpse into the movie making process along with how detailed the Fincher insisted the props, such as Doe's diary, be created.  The director's track is interesting to listen to as you get to go into the mind of Fincher and what he was thinking when he directed and edited the movie.<br />This DVD truly makes you realize why you bought that DVD player in the first place.<br />Take the time and watch the extras, it's worth it.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|When a Rude, Spoiled young Prince (Voiced by Robby Benson), when a Old Witch wanted to give him a Gift, when he refused, She turns him into a Beast and his Loyal Servants into House Applicated, the Only Way, he could change back into a Human, if his heart could change for the Good, if he doesn`t change, he will remain a Beast Forever. Until a Beautiful Bright Young Woman named Belle (Voiced by Paige O`Hara) will change the Beast`s Heart for Always and While the Beast slowly fall in love with Her.<br />Produced by Walt Disney Pictures, Directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise. One of the Highest Grossing films of 1991. A winning animated film with Some Scenes use of Computer Generated Images (CGI). One of the Best Animated Films ever made and including one of the Best Disney`s Films in Animation. The only animated film to get an Oscar Nominated for Best Picture. Oscar Winner of Best Music Score and Best Song. Special Edtion Release in 2001 with a new added song with a Digitally Remastered Soundtrack. Grade:A.
B000003N7K|5.0|John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman is the greatest love story ever<BR>told musically. 1964,I was a student of the saxophone and just learning to play jazz, my father was a big Coltrane fan,where he had all of the Impulse Coltrane. I must've heard the whole album everyday just to learn to scat the tunes note for note.<br />Hartman's interpretations of these classic compositions are exquisite.Coltrane is obviously at his best on every song, but as a unit,this session is a once in a lifetime take. You just can't get it anymore perfect.the real sleeper on this CD is Autumn Serenade. From the the top of the tune with the intro to the vamping end,you get the picture of New York in Central Park early Fall as the leaves are turning.<BR>A young couple romping through the park carefree.The Producers of Love Story could have easily substituted the musicial score to include all or some of the tracks to this CD.<BR>A restrained McCoy Tyner's comping on these beautiful Love songs only bolsters Trane's Lyricism as one would a singer. <BR>Couple all of this with tremendous brush/stick work by Elvin Jones, this record should have received jazz record of the year, but we all all know what dominated jazz that year. There is no greater recording including,Kind of Blue. a Must for all new listeners to jazz vocals.
0790731002|4.0|Batman (Val Kilmer, Replacing Micheal Keaton) has to face a Dangerous Villian named Harvey Dent/Two-Face (Tommy Lee Jones, Replacing Billy Dee Williams). While a Psychiatrist (Nicole Kidman) has a Crush on Batman. When a Deranged Scientist (Jim Carrey) wants to take over the mind of T.V. Viewers by Builting a Unusual Decive that sucks the mind of a Person, make himself much Smarter and he becomes The Riddler. When Two-Face Killed a Family of Accrobates, when a young man named Dick Grayson (Chris O`Donnell) wants to take on Two-Face, because his family is Dead. Now Two-Face and The Riddler teamed Together. The Only way Batman could Stop Them by having a Partner with the help of Dick, who become Robin.<br />Directed by Joel Schumacher (Batman & Robin, 8mm, Tigerland) made a Striking Visual Film. The film Visual Effects and Production Designs are Great (If a Bit Over-Killed). The Over the Top Performances by Jones and Carrey might keeps your Attention Awake. This a Playful Sequel, the Plot is Quite Good, Written by Lee Batchler, Janet Scott Batchler and Akiva Goldsmen. This is very much like the Comic Book and also very Different then the First-Two Films. One of the Highest Grossing films of 1995. Ed Begley Jr. appears Unbilled. Grade:B+.
0066620996|5.0|This is one of the best books about leadership that I have read.  It gives clear, concise examples of successful situations where a company went from &quot;good&quot; to &quot;great&quot; and stayed there.  The lessons in this book can be applied to any company in any industry.  Don't miss this one.
B00000K19E|4.0|In the Near Future, when a Computer Hacker named Neo (Aka Thomas Anderson) Played by Keanu Reeves, has discover that the World, he lives in, is the just fictional Computer World, Created by Articial Intelligence. When Neo has been resurrected in the Real World thanks to a Rebel named Mopheus (Laurence Fishburne) and the Second lead in Command:Thinity (Carrie Ann Moss) and the Team (Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chang, Julia Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory & Anthony Rae Parker) have to fight to Survive for the Computer World, they live in. One of the Most Dangerous Man, Created by the Computer is Agent Smith (Hugo Weaving) wants to Kill the Team and to get himself to the Real World. Neo, Morpheus, Trinity and the Others, they have to find a way to Overthrow:The Martix.<br />Written & Directed by Andy & Larry Wachowski (Assassins, Bound, The Martix Reloaded, The Martix Revolations) made a terrific, unique, Sci-Fi, Action-Thriller. This film has Win 4 Academy Awards (Winner of all Nominations) including:Best Visual Effects, Best Editing, Best Sound and Best Sound Editing. This film has Some of the Best-Visual Effects ever to put on a Film. DVD has an strong anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1) transfer and an terrific Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD Extras are:An running Commentary Track by the Film Crew. Another Commentary by Composer:Don Davis. Behind the Scenes Featurette and DVD-ROM. This film has become a Modern Day-Sci-Fi/Action/Thriller Classic. This is One of the Highest Successful Box Office Films of 1999. Followed by Two Sequels. Panavision. Grade:A-.
6305181772|3.0|A fantastic action film, that actually comands the use of the brain whilst watchig.<BR>The only disappointment is that the disc contains litle or no bonus material, which is strange given the budget and nature of the film......perhaps a special edition is on the way, should we choose to accept it!
B00005UEAR|5.0|In the short time that I've had to listen to this disc, I'd have to say that this is by far their most ambitious effort to date. The best way that I can describe the music is dense. There are so many different things going on at the same time that I'm absolutely in awe. Everyone is in great form from the first chords of The Glass Prison. The addition of Jordan on the keys is the best move these guys have ever made.<br />If you're new to Dream Theater, this is an excellent place to start. If you're a long time fan, this album will likely not leave your player for some time to come.
1573222038|5.0|Fingersmith is, quite simply, one of the best books I have read in a long time. Sarah Waters is the newest British author to capture my attention. Fingersmith, her newest book, is set very evocatively in a den of pickpockets and thieves in Victorian London.<br />Reading Fingersmith is like taking a journey. In the same way that Dickens, Wilkie Collins or Charles Palliser could transform a reader, Waters is a magician. Her characters are believable and real; her setting is breathtaking (you can practically smell the stench of London); the plot is complex, but accessible. All and all, Fingersmith is virtually perfect.<br />The main character, Sue, is filled with a combination of wide-eyed wonder and worldliness. Her story is one of love, betrayal and struggle; but this is no historical romance. Sarah Waters writes in a very literary style and new readers are sure to recognize her talents.
6304500831|5.0|Still a great movie, after all these years!  I enjoy watching it just as much as my almost 4 yr old son.  I had forgotten just how nice this movie was.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|Let's face it -- some movies are just for entertainment, folks.  To approach Moulin Rouge in hopes of being intellectually drained or didactically lectured for two hours may leave some disappointed; these people can go and see other movies.  Moulin Rouge is for viewers who can leave their expectations behind and bask in the amazing colors and movements and sounds of a movie, rather than dissect its every nuance.<br />This is, simply put, an amazing movie -- and a welcome break from movies that are too afraid to remind us of the beautiful joy in life.
B000059XYM|5.0|I went to see this movie at the theater, and I've got to be honest I laughed so hard cryed. It was so funny, the only reason I went to see this movie was because marlon and shawn wayans are in it, I love the wayans brothers because their sense of humour is very much like mine.<br />If you have'nt seen this movie yet WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!! <br />you don't know what your missing, scream, I know what you did last summer, the blair witch project, the sixth sense, american pie, halloween, nothing is left out everything gets dissed in this movie.<br />The way I see it there is two draw backs in this movie: 1. the fact that damon wayans wasn't in it(he's my favourite wayans brother) and 2. was DOOFY I hate him so much(what a ... he was).<br />anyway, I love this movie and I hope you do too.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|not a chick flick like you would think
B00003CXBK|5.0|I've seen all of Miyazaki's movies with the exception of Porco Rosso &amp; his latest, Sen to Chihiro.<BR>    I have to say that he is one of the most creative &amp; inspired person I know of. I have never been disappointed with any of his movies. Remember Tenkuu no Shiro Rapyuta (Laputa - Castle in the Sky)? Do you remember how his blend of flying ships, amazing artistic style &amp; colorful characters made you feel? Do you remember how the ending in Kaze no Tani no Nausica made you feel? He can't do anything wrong. It's impossible. He's Miyazaki. His movies make you feel either really adventurous or sometimes disappointed in the entire race. <BR>    I know not of many other artists who can make you feel such different emotions, and yet he does it time &amp; time again. Unfortunately, he has retired now and we won't be able to see anything new from him. That's okay, though. Do you know why? Because his lifetime achievements are just that. Enough for a lifetime. I would be overwhelmed with all that greatness if he continued to make films.<BR>     I'm sort of relieved, I feel I don't deserve any more of his masterpieces. Wow, I've never even typed one sentence about this movie! What can I say? The animation is superb, fluid &amp; colorful. The story itself is enough to make you really think. It's so smart, so intelligent. It's just a really good story. I can't even put how I feel about the story to words. <BR>    How can studio Ghibli's animation skills keep getting better? It's truly remarkable! The film itself is very spiritual. When I first saw it, I left questioning a lot of things about myself. Maybe if you see it, you'll understand where I'm coming from. Needless to say, I cherish &amp; adore this movie. I hope you will, too.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is an extraordinary work of fiction, strongly weaving the old tail of Arthur with new and interesting people, times, ideas, and basically new worlds.  I recieved this book as a Christmas present, a couple months ago, and am almost finished.  Don't look at this book with skeptitism, nor it just being female based, for this is one of the best books of time, and shouldn't be kept out of your lives.  <br />Mists of Avalon starts at Tintagel, telling the story at Arthur's mother's (Igraine) point of view.  It progresses to where she is widowed from Gorlois, Duke of Cornwall, and marries Uther Pendragon.  Then, the story shifts over to Morgaine, Igraine's daughter, where she becomes a priestess on the Isle of Avalon, and is sent into the Beltane Fires, where she becomes in the likeness of the Goddess, and her brother, Arthur, as the Horned God.  <br />And so on.  I strongly advise you to read this book.  For new insights on life, along as a new understanding of the Athurian Legend.
B00004X0ER|4.0|This is punk, and it is swedish punk, but it's also excellent rock & roll. Minimalist and free-spirited, makes you want to jump around and tell everybody you don't give a...
B00005UEAR|5.0|Absolutely phenomenal!  The reviews below are right on the mark!  I've listened to the entire set three times since Tuesday and I remain stunned by the talent and the craftsmanship of these musicians.  Even the lyrical content of these songs are meaningful and thought-provoking.  Buy and Enjoy!
6303832563|5.0|If your on a quest for a soul and spiritual journey this film will simply stated assist you on your journey. The visuals and music will linger on your thoughts and mind, well after you have watched the spiritual images that unfold before you on your screen, Truly an exceptional film. Anyone on the journey who understands spiritual life as it truly is, will relate to it in a very moving special way! It has so much more depth and meaning for the times that are here and now. A truly visual film filled with eye candy. An exceptional avant-garde film. Without a doubt this should and needs to be on DVD and released once again for all mankind. Truly a visual Soul Journey. (10 stars) Very highly recommended. Ahead of its time. Heavy!! Get the VHS for now as its well worth the purchase. This one will be one of your favorites! Guaranteed!
B000002MY3|3.0|Alanis really paved the way for angst-ridden females to strut their stuff. Relying mainly on the angst she had, Alanis broke many platinum records and sold 25 million of her debut album no less.<br /><br />What's probably amazing is how well the album combined angst with rock and pop that's undeniably catchy. Alanis and Glen created a blend of songs that managed to make u think a little while jiving and singing along to. With such hits like You Oughta Know, Hand In My Pocket, Head Over Feet and You Learn, another rarely used gem is the harmonica that Alanis use to pretty good effect.<br /><br />The highlight on this album must be the song Ironic. Funny, poignant and starkingly honest all at once. Though slighly unpolished, the delivery here is almost impeccable.<br /><br />The disadvantage of selling so much for someone so new is the amount of venom spit by critics, but to all critics, listen to Junkie, it's much more mature and polished.......
B00005QZWI|5.0|Despite the fact that I'm a teenager (even one that listens to N'SYNC), I absolutely LOVE this CD.  I really enjoyed the movie (heck, I've seen it six times, going on seven), and until Lord of the Rings comes out on video, I'm glad that I can have a part of it in my home on a daily basis.  The second song is light-hearted and bouyant, the fifth (?) song has impending doom, and the seventeenth song is very sweet (after five minutes of score, there's a song called &quot;Dreams;&quot; it's VERY good).  I guess all I can say now is that if you were moved by the music when watching the movie, and/or you like the Dragon Heart Soundrack, you will love this soundtrack.  The composer did an exquisite job.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Alanis' second album has a longer title and is longer too, with 17 songs and many words in between. Clearly, Alanis breaks new ground with this album and it's not meant to be Jagged Little Pill Part 2.<br /><br />While Pill relies mainly on female angst that blows out of proportion, Junkie talks about reconciliation and acknowledgement. From the splendid Front Row to the appreciative Thank You, Alanis demonstrates a maturity that's more evident here. She and producer, Glen Ballard mix in some fast-tempo elements (I Was Hoping/So Pure) and the result is vastly different from Pill.<br /><br />Several songs are touchingly beautiful. Are Still You Mad asks if Alanis' ex was still mad with her for lashing out. That I'll Be Good is haunting. The best of all is Unsent, a series of letters that Alanis wrote but never sent to her ex-lovers.<br /><br />The words might be long and sometimes too relevant, but Alanis' strength lies in her delivery and her ear for great melodies. Though the album didnt sell like her debut, it certainly was her best yet then. There will still be cynical critics out there trying to hold her down but Junkie is a step to silencing them, but why does Alanis care anyway?
B000002GXJ|2.0|If you listen close you can hear the overdubs.  The only thing live about this album is the applause.  Workmanlike.  That's the only word to describe it.
067158037X|5.0|I picked up Angela's Ashes on tape from the library just on a whim, knowing nothing about the book and listened to it during my daily commute.<br />It is narrated by Frank McCourt, and that made it all the more powerful (and entertaining!)  He writes the book exactly how he would have spoken then, so I can imagine that for a well-read person, the contractions and punctuation and other bits of grammar (or lack thereof) might be a challenge at first.  Listening to him tell his life's story is something altogether magical.<br />Frank McCourt tells of his life as a child growing up in severe poverty.   Only a master storyteller could get you to laugh out loud at a boy who has suffered such severe hardships that I could hardly believe them.  I'm sure that some of the circumstances have been embellished for the sake of the story, but I have no doubt that people did and probably still do live in conditions such as Frank McCourt and his family.<br />The deplorable conditions and situations were sometimes difficult to listen to, and I wanted to crawl through the cassette deck on more than one occasion and kick some \\"arse\\" myself.  It made me realize how little a child really needs to be happy and healthy, and a little ashamed of our own children \\"deprived\\" and \\"falling down with the hunger\\" because they had to have toast with their eggs instead of a strawberry Pop Tart.<br />This book certainly helped me to appreciate my own life, and made me unbelievably proud and happy that little Frankie McCourt made it out of that hell and wrote to tell about it.  It will also make you quite hungry for fish and chips with plenty of vinegar and salt, which is where I'm headed right after quitting time!
B00005RFAI|3.0|I bought this CD because my nine-year-old daughter really likes \\"Get the Party Started.\\" Unfortunately, that's one of only a couple of songs I would be willing to have her listen to repetitively. Some of the song themes are quite dark, dealing with drug use, divorce, sexual abuse, etc. Also, the language is somewhat marginal (can't cite the language, Amazon edits it out, but some soft swear words)<br />In particular, \\"Respect\\" is a sisters-stand-up-for-your-dignity type of anthem. This is certainly admirable, but Pink is rather explicit about what actions her listener should avoid in order to gain respect (\\"no freebies in the limousine\\").<br />This CD would probably be fine for an older teen, unless you object to the language cited above. But it might be a bit too much for a pre-teen.
B00003CXXJ|2.0|I definately, think that this movie is funny, original and great, but despite that its not for the whole family. There are references and jokes in there that shouldn't be heard by younger children, this movie is best for older children, teens, and adults. This is not a young children's movie because it includes crude humour and mild profanities.
6305095442|4.0|This has to be the strangest film ever made. A horror film that is not the least bit scary, it somehow remains one of my favorites of all time. Fuse \\"the Three Stooges\\" with \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre\\" and you have \\"Evil Dead 2,\\" the cult classic from Sam \\"the Detroit Maverick\\" Raimi, which is nothing more than a blur of campy dialogue, blood-splatterings and whiplash steadicam shots that will have your head spinning. Don't be fooled by the title: this is not a sequel to the low-low budget \\"Evil Dead.\\" It is a higher-budget remake, with all pretense of horror abandoned in favor of outrageous campiness and the most ridiculoulsy funny violence ever filmed (a demon keeps threatening to \\"swallow your soul\\"....the hero chops its head off with an axe....the demon keeps threatening him....hero produces double-barreled shotgun, quips \\"Swallow this\\" and blows the talking head to bits). Essentially, \\"2\\" is about some witless kids who take up in a cabin deep in the remote forest, and unwittingly (get it?) unleash blood-thirsty, hyperkinetic demons when they read from a cursed spellbook. Sound familiar? Of course it does. You know, for instance, the demons are going to feast on the kids at will, whittling them away with cat-and-mouse games, until just one or two are left....however, it is at this point that Evil Dead departs from every other horror flick you've ever seen. Hero Ash (Bruce Campbell, B-movie God and durable victim of physical stunts aplenty) isn't content to just sit by and be terrified. Oh, no. Instead of playing the scream-and-run role so familiar in slasher movies, Ash goes loco on the demons arses, and with axe, shotgun and chainsaw proceeds to do to them what they so rashly tried to do to him. And boy, does he ever whoop some tail. Picture if one of the victims in the \\"Friday the 13th\\" series had flipped his lid, and instead of cowering under the bed, gotten up inflicted a New York Housing Authority ...whipping on Jason halfway through the movie, beating him like a red-headed stepchild and then plunging a sharp instrument through his guts. Now picture that for 85 minutes. That's \\"Evil Dead 2.\\" A classic.m like a red-headed stepchild and then plunging a sharp instrument through his guts. Now picture that for 85 minutes. That's \\"Evil Dead 2.\\" A classic.
B00003CXTG|3.0|This is a well-made movie and its worth seeing but be forewarned that this movie is not without its faults. First of all its a war movie and they kind of focus on the three love triangle too much. They should've just focused on the facts and not the love theme. <br />I think that it was overdramatic, it was way dramatic, more than usual and it shows. I think that the director did a poor job and frankly three love triangles are getting old. If they had to weave in a love story, they should have left out the love triangle. It was silly and pointless in a war movie. <br />Anyways I liked it overall and I even own the movie, however it has its faults. Hollywood had their chance to make something out of it, but instead they failed to tell the story of Pearl Harbor the way it happened. They didn't tell it as well as they could've.<br />Pearl Harbor was considered a flop at the box office because it didn't make as much money as the studio expected it would.
B00005QG9J|5.0|Not as good as Make Yourself.  But it is still good.  It has Brandons unforgettable voice.  It still has the Incubus sound.  But it is more mellow.  This ia true music though.  Dont get me wrong.  I just usually dig faster music.  But you wont be disappointed with this.  INCUBUS ARE MUSICAL GENIOUSES!  Nothing will change that.  Best songs: The &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot;  &quot;Mexico&quot;
B00003CXTF|5.0|...I loved it!  It must be one of those movies you either love or hate.  I, for one, loved it and have seen it half a dozen times lately.... and as long as this movie is, that should be saying a lot.  The hype that surrounded this film, will probably be what brings it down... like most movies that get such high publicity upon release.<br />This story is all about friendship, love, and war... and what happens when they all mix up.  When the two friends innocently fall for the same woman... you know the sparks will fly... but what happens when two friends fall for the same woman and war is occuring all around them?  Regardless of what is going around you... life will go on, and emotions will be high.<br />It's touching... and at the end you can't help but feel some sadness and some happiness at the same time.
B00005NW02|5.0|AMAZING!!  This is a great CD.  It is nice and hard but still keeps Melody.  Making it Catchy Metal.  NICE!!  Favorite Songs: &quot;Bounce,&quot; &quot;Chop Suey,&quot; &quot;Prison Song&quot;
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Even though I am quite open-minded to music, I can be a bit critcal..... I heard this guy on the radio...... It was intriguing.  I bought \\"Poses\\" on a whim; no expectations.  When I listened to it, however, I found in him a voice, such an amazing voice...... His words made me cry, which isn't a common occurance in this Age of Britney.  <br />As another reviewer stated, WOW.<br />Just when you think this generation has no insight, a guy like this comes around and slaps you across your face with genius.<br />Buy it, don't download it.... he's worth the money-- and, unlike Christina or Justin or any of those other [people], HE deserves the money.<br />:)
B000002KBH|3.0|I keep trying to listen to the Dead to figure out what all the buzz is about.  I bought this based on other customer reviews claiming it to be their best studio album.  Sorry Deadheads, I still don't get it.
0780622650|2.0|LOST IN SPACE is another failure to adapt a small screen classic to the big screen.  It looks very good, in which the special effects are excellent, but something is missing.  The cast is top notch, but there is no chemistry.  The press releases during the filming of this movie had circulated stories of &quot;heat&quot; being generated by costars Heather Graham and Matt LeBlanc on and off the set.  The final cut of the film shows none of that.  It was overhyped to sell the film.  William Hurt looks way out of his element...as do the rest of the cast.  Even Gary Oldman, who has always played memorable villians and characters thoughout his film career, could not bring life to his portrayal of one of tv history's most spineless characters...Dr. Smith! The plot is convoluted, we don't care about the people in this movie, and the ending is predictable.  A very forgettable movie. All involved in this &quot;piece of space debris&quot; should have NASA place the original print of this film in a rocket, launch it , and have it really lost in space.
B0000399WI|5.0|The DVD version of this movie has great picture and sound.
B00005UEAR|5.0|The first time I heard Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, I liked disc two better. The second time I listened to it, I liked disc one better. After three or four more listens, I think it's disc one that I enjoy most.<br />Disc one features five powerful, often melodic, sometimes moving songs, two of which are already very high up on my list of all-time favorites: \\"Blind Faith\\" and \\"The Great Debate.\\" This disc clocks in at nearly 53 minutes, which would have made for a fine, very solid and respectable album all by itself.<br />However, Dream Theater have given their fans an amazing bonus by adding a second disc to the album -- and not a disc of throwaway tunes, either.<br />Disc two contains the entire Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence magnum opus: technically one long song divided thematically, if not by actual track stops, into eight smaller songs. Each song seques immediately into the next, creating an unbroken musical experience that is mesmerizing, holding the listener's attention for its entire 42 minutes.<br />There is so much richness to Six Degrees! I don't even know where to begin. <br />But I think I'll start with Jordan Rudess because his fingerprint on this album is perhaps most noticable to me. The keyboard work is heavenly. A haunting piano break here (6:13 into \\"Blind Faith,\\" for example), a magical, lush synth ambience there (the keyboards on \\"Misunderstood\\" are astounding), and always with just the right balance. Rudess is the best keyboard player DT has ever had -- and I say that almost with regret because I thought Kevin Moore's playing helped put them on the map. Rudess' prowess is absolutely mind-blowing.<br />I must give full marks to vocalist James LaBrie, too. I haven't been kind to LaBrie in previous reviews, but this time around he manages to sing powerfully without screaming tunelessly (however, he does slip into that annoying breathy-ness during \\"Goodnight Kiss\\" from disc two). LaBrie contributed lyrically to a few key songs, and has finallyhit his stride vocally. His voice, like Rudess' keyboards, strikes the perfect balance on Six Degrees -- adding mightily to the music without detracting from it.<br />The reason I didn't like disc one as well as disc two at first blush is because \\"The Glass Prison,\\" the opening track of disc one, is almost mind-numbing in its sonic onslaught. It's brutally guitar-heavy. And features distorted vocals that add to the grittiness. So much so that I was having trouble finding a melody -- or beauty, for that matter. Disc two, on the other hand, begins with a lush, orchestral overture that I found extremely creative. In fact, all of disc two sounds more like prog *rock* than prog *metal.*<br />\\"Blind Faith\\" begins beautifully, with a slowly building guitar (or is it keyboard?) flourish that ends when John Myung's bass guitar enters, quickly followed by Mike Portnoy's drums -- always with Rudess adding texture in the background. I love the melody on the verse \\"Take your time and look around, is this utopia you've found\\"...as well as the interesting keyboard accents that come into the song at 1:39. After some ferocious soloing, John Petrucci's guitar riff that begins at 5:42 is very cool. Then Rudess comes in at 6:13 with an amazing piano break. This song is a masterpiece, containing every sound, riff, vocal style and time change I could ask for.<br />\\"Misunderstood\\" starts off with a Jimmy Page-like acoustic guitar melody that might have been right at home on Led Zeppelin 3 or mabye even Physical Graffiti. (Listen to Rudess' interesting keyboard work throughout -- oh so subtle, yet always integral to the song.) Nice bass guitar work, too. This begins as a slower song, but kicks into high gear at 3:36...and doesn't disappoint for the remainder of its 9:34.<br />\\"The Great Debate\\" is an amazing song that I am guessing is a pro-life statement by guitarist John Petrucci who wrote the lyrics. In this case, the \\"debate\\" is stem cell research and the song is filled with a pastiche of soundbites, conversations, news reports, both pro and con. At first listen, it could be taken to be a \\"neutral\\" song. However too many lyrics lead me to believe at least one musician in Dream Theater values the sanctity of life; for example: \\"Are you justified, are you justified, are you justified, justified in taking, life to save life, life to save life, taking life to save life\\"...and \\"Do we look to our unearthly guide, or to white coat heroes searching for a cure\\"...and \\"we're reaching, but have we gone too far\\"...and \\"harvesting existence, only to destory, carelessly together, we are sliding\\"...and, especially, the closing lyric \\"pay attention to the questions we have raised.\\" If you pay attention to the \\"questions\\" Petrucci raised in this song, you'd get the distinct impression that he's against stem cell research because it's playing God and violating the sanctity of life. If that's the case, I have discovered even more respect for this band. The song is absolutely captivating. (Notice, also, how the \\"left\\" and the \\"right\\" positions on the issue correspond to the left and right ear if you're listening with headphones on. Someone voicing an opinion from the liberal left is heard in your left ear. Someone stating an opinion from the pro-life right appears in your right ear. A clever mixing job.)<br />The last song on disc one (\\"Disappear\\") is the shortest of the five, but no less brilliant. Moody, atmospheric and haunting it is, with some really nice acoustic guitar and piano work by Petrucci and Rudess, respectively.<br />Most bands today would give their eye teeth to have the talent to create disc one. But DT is only setting the stage for yet another CD: Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence.<br />Welcome to disc two.<br />\\"Overture\\" is somewhat muddy sounding, especially in the recording of the drums and guitars. But it's an invigorating preview of things to come. It almost has a Broadway feel to it as it changes from theme to theme.<br />\\"About to Crash\\" begins with Rudess tinkling the ivories and creating a very nice melody -- that Petrucci interrupts with a crash :23 into the song. (This light-to-dark quality reminds me of something Savatage or Trans-Siberian Orchestra would have recorded.) Nice vocals from LaBrie.<br />\\"War Inside My Head\\" begins -- as the title suggests -- with heaviness, dissonance and relentless double-bass kicking from Portnoy. LaBrie's voice is suitably annoying. But, in this case, it's supposed to be.<br />\\"The Test That Stumped Them All\\" is DT at their most flamboyant. It's a tour-de-force track that showcases, especially, Petrucci's guitar skills. A Metallica-like riff ensues at 1:16 and even LaBrie's vocals are reminiscent of Hetfield's. It's a massive song that screams for relief...<br />...and finds it in the ambient, emotional \\"Goodnight Kiss,\\" that track that immediately follows. Gentle, flowing guitar, bird sounds, and a little child speaking set the stage for a track that would have been gorgeous if not for LaBrie's breathy delivery. Can't stand it. Sorry, Lord Chimp.<br />\\"Solitary Shell\\" is a lively track that begins with acoustic guitar, Portnoy's thumping bass drum, a Styx-like synth run, nice piano work and a great vocal by LaBrie. Great melody. Nice background vocals, too. \\"He's a Monday morning lunatic, disturbed from time to time, lost within himself, in his solitary shell...\\" Great vocal that rises above the music. My hat is off to LaBrie. I really like this track.<br />\\"About to Crash (Reprise)\\" starts off with a driving guitar riff, the likes of which aren't found too frequently in DT's bag of tricks. I love riffs. Powerful songs contain them. (Think of Montrose's debut album. Or VanHalen's.) A very upbeat tune that leads immediately into...<br />\\"Losing Time/Grand Finale\\" the last track. It's a majestic track that sounds similar to the first track on this disc. Heavy on the orchestration and themes. And also, strangely muddy at first, as if the first track and the last were recorded at the same time and only divided in the mastering. (Hey, did anyone else catch the never-ending chord that gradually closes \\"Grand Finale\\"? A nod to the Beatles' \\"Day in the Life,\\" maybe?)<br />It's a grand finale, indeed, to a two-disc set from Dream  Theater that's their most visionary, ambitious and accomplished to date. <br />Six Degrees is the work of a band that has finally discovered how to direct its massive talents into SONGS, rather than extended solos. Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is the work of mature musicians who have nothing more to prove. With the addition of Rudess, they're now the most talented band on the planet.<br />And Six Degrees is their crowning achievement. I can't wait to see these songs played live!
B00005N7Z1|5.0|As of the sci-fi year 2002, this movie is 15 years old.  Enough time has passed for the visions of this 'near future' movie to come to pass.  And they did!  Here they are:<br /><br />BIG IS BACK!<br /><br />Yes, in 1987, when this movie came out, cars were getting smaller, lighter, and more efficient.  \\"Robocop\\" blatantly offended this stupid trend by touting a hopeful future in which big, gas guzzling beasts would once again rule the world via advertisements for the '6000 SUX. - Because BIGGER is BETTER!'  And look what happened!  Bucking the stupid conservation trend, America re-adopted the BIG CAR.  Though we haven't quite gotten to the futuristic 8 MPG achieved by the ultra-modern 6000 SUX, many cars on the market today get 10-12 MPG.  We're almost there!<br /><br />OCP RUNS THE COPS!<br /><br />ROBOCOP's prophetic vision of corporate-owned civil police is slowly, but surely coming to pass.  Since ROBOCOP appeared, we have our first for-profit public schools, for-profit prisons, and for-profit health care.  Considering how great these former civilian-owned ventures have done under the hands of Corporations, I can't see why the cops aren't yet a division of McDonald-Douglas or AOL-Time Warner.<br /><br />STAR WARS PEACE PLATFORM<br /><br />Thank you, GW Bush Jr!  It's about time we got one o' these!  Soon we'll have a missile defense shield that will definitely protect our country from all those evil foreigners who want to shoot us with intercontinental ballistic missiles just because our country is so much BIGGER and BETTER than their backward, primitive, evil slimeholes they call home.<br /><br />THE ENFORCEMENT DROID, MODEL 209<br /><br />While we haven't been able to develop what will be the pinnacle of law enforcement, ED-209, he can't be far off.  But already, getting tough on criminals is showing good results.  With more people in prison than ever before, the US is projecting the end of crime in Old America within 30 days.<br /><br />I'LL BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!<br /><br />Since plots and storylines have been worn to pieces, we can always turn to big breasts and stupidity for TV-viewing enjoyment.  Girls on trampolines - I'll buy that for a dollar!<br /><br />This movie is better than the prophecies of Nostradamus!  Thank you, Paul Verhoeven, survivor of Nazi-occupied Denmark, for so accurately showing us what the future holds for America!<br /><br />-- JJ Timmins<BR>I'LL BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!<BR><br /><BR>Since plots and storylines have been worn to pieces, we can always turn to big breasts and stupidity for TV-viewing enjoyment.  Girls on trampolines - I'll buy that for a dollar!<BR><br /><BR>This movie is better than the prophecies of Nostradamus!  Thank you, Paul Verhoeven, survivor of Nazi-occupied Denmark, for so accurately showing us what the future holds for America!<BR><br /><BR>-- JJ Timmins
B00001ZULV|4.0|I guess they should of released one cd with Peter Grabriel in vocals to please the earlier fans and another one with Phil Collins on vocals. Those songs became more commercially sucessful but not musically superior. I wouldn't know that since the only Genesis songs I heard singing Peter Gabriel are the ones on this disc and those are among I like the least on this disc. Mama and Congo could of been replaced by better songs. I guess when the band selected which songs were going to be on the disc, too many of them were from We Can't Dance because that's last good album they released; about eight years before this disc, and Invinsible Touch twelve years before. [It's bad] having a short term memory.
B00005N5S5|5.0|I was born in 1974, so I'm now old enough to remember two entire decades - the 80s and 90s.  Compared to the somehow-hopeful, PC 1990s, it's amazing to see how dark, terrfying, and graphic many mainstream 1980s movies were.  The Terminator embodies many qualities of such dark movies, and serves as a historical social record for the paranoid, technophobic, cold-war 80s.<br /><br />It's also an awesome, balls-to-the-wall sci-fi film that pretty much set the standard for action movies.<br /><br />First off, this movie wouldn't have been half of what it was without Arnold Schwarzenegger.  Holy #$&8! this guy embodies the movie concept - an unstoppable killing machine, who, in the words of frail human protector Kyle Reese, \\"Can't be reasoned with, can't be bargained with, and absolutely will not stop, until you are dead!\\"<br /><br />Death, destiny or doom, love, and courage are all themes wrapped into this outstanding movie, which refuses to be dated or made obsolete even in the face of advanced computer CGI that flood movies made these days.  They used stop-action animation in this movie, but it still looks good even 18 years later.  And though you can tell it's animation, you don't care, which is powerful proof that story drives a movie, not FX.<br /><br />Five stars all around.  And the DVD Dolby soundtrack is outstanding, too.<br /><br />-- JJ Timmins
B00005UOKM|5.0|With much of Bobby Hutcherson's transient Blue Note catalog slowly becoming scarce the reissue of perhaps his best session as part of the Rudy Van Gelder series is most welcome.  The lineup features a virtual who's-who of 1960s Blue Note post bop sessionmen.  Freddie Hubbard (trumpet), Sam Rivers (tenor sax, various), Hutcherson (vibes & marimba), Andrew Hill (piano), Richard Davis (bass), Joe Chambers (drums) effortlessly transition from straightahead bop sound into very \\"free\\" territory. Some express concern that \\"Dialogue\\" is on the adventerous side, but I find most of it to be very palatable. I'm only more impressed by how seamlessly the session comes together even with its more adventerous passages. The compositions on the album are split between Hill and Chambers and are extraodinary. The sound is probably the biggest selling point for this disc. The entire RVG series is spoken of with awe for how closely the CD's sound to the original vinyl, and \\"Dialogue\\" continues that trend. The sound is warm with great physical spacing between the instruments. <br />\\"Dialogue\\" instantly becomes the point of entry for acquainting oneself with Bobby Hutcherson's  Blue Note work.  Many thanks to the label for making it available again.
B000002Q7Y|3.0|This album was basically a disappointment to me.  Admittedly, this album does a fine job of initiating Steve Morse, formerly of the Dixie Dregs, into the band.  Morse cleverly plays his chromatic scales and fits well into the band's context, so the guitar chores shared by him and the excellent Rich Williams never fail to rise the epinephrine levels.  An album that came out at almost the same time,  Stand Up, by the Steve Morse Band, further showcases Steve Morse's talent as a featured guitarist.  The bass player, Billy Greer, although almost pedestrian compared to his predecessor, Dave Hope, shows he is an estimable journeyman at his instrument.  The fluid and beautiful violinist Robbie Steinhart is nowhere to be found here.  The best musician Kansas ever had, Kerry Livgren, is also not present here.  The inevitable decline in the quality level leaves the appeal of the album on two focuses, first; the quality of Steve Walsh's vocals, and second; the songwriting of Walsh and Morse.  Walsh's voice used to be the crowning touch on all of Kansas's early work, and when he was writing with Livgren, Kansas never sounded better. But he is simply hoarse and tired on this album, and I'm sad to say that here his voice is basically shot.  But the songwriting has something to commend on this album.  Except for the last song, \\"Can't Cry Anymore,\\" which has the best vocal on the album, all the songs are written by Walsh and Morse.  So the pop flavoring on this album is the calling card.  Morse is a fine texturalist on such numbers as Silhouettes in Disguise and We're Not Alone Anymore, because although chopwise and solowise, he is clearly progressive in attitude, he is also very pop,especially for an art-rock band such as Kansas. <BR>     This album did not disappoint me as much as well as it might have, because without Livgren, I didn't expect much from the album.  I must admit the next album, In the Spirit of Things, was a far more musical experience than this album.  There aresome highlights, especially Silhouettes in Disguise and the deceptively low key Taking in the View.  So this album, although not among Kansas's best albums, is favorably palatable compared to the albums without Walsh, Vinyl Confessions and Drastic Measures.<BR>  Now what would Kansas sound like with three great guitarists?  (I mean Livgren, Williams and Morse.)  I really doubt that will ever happen, but Kansas could suprise us. That lineup, as well as liking Kansas is, would require an open mind.
078322799X|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO AWSOME. I USUALLY HATE HORROR MOVIES BUT I CAN WATCH THIS MOVIE WITHOUT BEING SCARD. I REMBER SETTING IN MY DEN WITH MY MOM AND DAD WHEN I WAS ABOUT 8 OR 9 AND SEEING THIS ONE PART IN THE MOVIE WHICH I THINK IS FUNNY: FRANK BANNESTER(FOX) IS IN THIS GRAVEYARD WITH A GHOST WHO IS AT HIS OWN FURNAL. I REMBER SEEING THE GHOST NAME:RAY LINSKY BEING BURRIED &quot;ALIVE&quot; WHEN HE IS DEAD IN HIS OWN GRAVE WHILE FRANK WATCHES. FINALLY FRANK GRABS HIM AND GETS HIM OUT. MY MOM CHANGED THE CHANNEL BECAUSE SHE THOUGHT I WOULD GET SCARD.<br />SO ABOUT 3 OR 4 YEARS AFTER I SAW THAT PART I SAW THE MOVIE ON TV AND WATCHED IT AND LOVED IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH. I HAD A SLEEP-OVER AND I RENTED THIS MOVIE ALL MY FRIENDS WERE AFRAIDE TO WATCH IT BUT THEY GOT INTO IT BUT ON SOME PARTS WE ALL SCREAMED. AT THE END OF THE MOVIE ALL THE GIRLS LOVED IT. NOW THEY KEEP TELLING ME IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE. AND IN THE MORNING WE ALL PUT NUMBERS ON OUR HEADS AND WENT RUNNING AROUND THE HOUSE. IF YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE A SLEEP-OVER RENT THIS MOVIE!
B00003CXZ1|1.0|I don't mind brainless action movies, but even the most accepting movie buff has to have some standards, and Tomb Raider can't even meet those.  Yes there are some cool scenes (like the fight against the stone monkeys and the bungie battle in the house, but they seem disjointed, contrived, and the result of a group of \\"writers\\" who tossed in ideas in an attempt to liven up a pretty dull film.  The story, ha ha, centers around two pieces of a triangle that when put together at the right time will give its weilder the power to go back in time.  Well, Laura has one of these pieces (its in her house).  I thought it would have been cooler for Laura to have found the first piece herself, but oh well, the army of writers who came up with this film thought otherwise.  At the point where Laura has one piece I thought to myself, why doesn't she just destroy it.  That would stop the bad guys.  But no!  She basically gives the bad guys the piece.  <BR>There are other rediculous logical gaps in the movie and I think it may be the result of horrible editting.  There seem to have been quite a lot of transitions that never made it from script to film or from film to final edit.  For instance, Laura's partners ask her how she expects to get from London to Cambodia in 15 hours to which she replies that she will have to call in a favor.  In the next scene, she is in Cambodia.  Ugh, how did she get there?  What favor did she call in?  Eh, whatever.  Lazy scriptwriters, bad editing.  <BR>Even the action scenes lack tension. In the first scene, she is fighting a robot.  But you learn that the robot is designed to help her train.  No tension there.  Then the movie tries to set up the story for about ten to fifteen mintues.  Yawn.  Then, Laura for some odd reason is relaxing in her home attached to bungie cords when her home is attacked by Illuminati thugs.  You can almost imagine the conference room when the writers came up with the idea to this scene:  \\"We'll have her bouncing around onbungie cords, it will be cool, who cares if it makes no sense.\\"  This is the only real action scene with any tension because there are actually bad guys trying to kill her.<BR>The stone monkey scene is ok at first, but then you realize that anyone, including my 85 year old grandmother, can beat these deadbeats by merely kicking them.  <BR>And am I the only person who felt that the ending of the movie was a rip of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?<BR>I guess we have ourselves to blame for Hollywood producing such poor action movies as Tomb Raider (this movie made over 100 million dollars in its theatrical run), but the least you can do is save yourselves: don't waste a second of your life watching this movie.
078322799X|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO AWSOME. I USUALLY HATE HORROR MOVIES BUT I CAN WATCH THIS MOVIE WITHOUT BEING SCARD. I REMBER SETTING IN MY DEN WITH MY MOM AND DAD WHEN I WAS ABOUT 8 OR 9 AND SEEING THIS ONE PART IN THE MOVIE WHICH I THINK IS FUNNY: FRANK BANNESTER(FOX) IS IN THIS GRAVEYARD WITH A GHOST WHO IS AT HIS OWN FURNAL. I REMBER SEEING THE GHOST NAME:RAY LINSKY BEING BURRIED \\"ALIVE\\" WHEN HE IS DEAD IN HIS OWN GRAVE WHILE FRANK WATCHES. FINALLY FRANK GRABS HIM AND GETS HIM OUT. MY MOM CHANGED THE CHANNEL BECAUSE SHE THOUGHT I WOULD GET SCARD.<br />SO ABOUT 3 OR 4 YEARS AFTER I SAW THAT PART I SAW THE MOVIE ON TV AND WATCHED IT AND LOVED IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH. I HAD A SLEEP-OVER AND I RENTED THIS MOVIE ALL MY FRIENDS WERE AFRAIDE TO WATCH IT BUT THEY GOT INTO IT BUT ON SOME PARTS WE ALL SCREAMED. AT THE END OF THE MOVIE ALL THE GIRLS LOVED IT. NOW THEY KEEP TELLING ME IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE. AND IN THE MORNING WE ALL PUT NUMBERS ON OUR HEADS AND WENT RUNNING AROUND THE HOUSE. IF YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE A SLEEP-OVER RENT THIS MOVIE!
0061040967|4.0|This is a departure from the usual packaging of the Discworld books, a copiously and colorfully illustrated hardback that tells the tale of Cohen the Barbarian and his geriatric horde attempting to return fire to the gods (read \\"blow them up\\"). Meanwhile, the Patrician has enlisted the wizards of the Unseen University and Leonard of Quirm to try to stop them. Hilarity ensues, of course.<br />The text is much briefer than usual, but moments remain, particularly around Leonard of Quirm, the brilliant but eccentric inventor who doesn't see the world quite the way anyone else does, and the much put-upon Rincewind, who is among the crew of the bizarre ship sent after the barbarians. Even my wife, who doesn't much like Rincewind, enjoyed his proposed motto, which can be translated from the Latin as \\"We who are about to die don't want to.\\" So it's an enjoyable if not first-rate outing, and the illustrations are delightful.
B00005N53P|3.0|This CD is good, but not as good as the media would lead you to believe. There is nothing new here, especially those familiar with the late 70's. In a time when manufacturered souless bands are all the rage this CD does stand out, but just isn't a classic.
0380789019|4.0|After the previous book, I was ready to try another one by Gaiman. My wife picked up this one because of the Beauty and the Beast (TV series)-like motif of a subculture living beneath the streets of a major world city. In this case, it's London, and it's a much darker and more dangerous world than BaTB. Richard Mayhew falls into it when he stops to help a young woman from that world and soon finds that he's all but disappeared from the aboveground world: no one remembers him, no one notices him unless he makes a major fuss, and even then they soon forget him when distracted. He ends up having to go underground to save himself.<br />The underground world is a magical one, but it's also dangerous: he loses one of his companions to the &quot;dark&quot; and is repeatedly hunted by a couple of nasty pieces of work who are particularly fond of eating small furry animals.<br />Gaiman does a delightful job of playing off of London place names: Knightsbridge turns into Night's Bridge, a dangerous crossing where Richard loses his helper. There are actual Black Friars. And there is a genuine Earl's Court, presided over by an Earl in an otherwise unused Underground car.<br />It's a more gripping and inventive book than the other one, filled with strange and whimsical characters. It's also a much darker and more frightening book, with genuine horror, killings, torturings, and worse - we don't even know what happens to some people, and we don't seem to want to.<br />All in all a gripping and fascinating read. I'll have to keep an eye on this guy.
B000002VTE|5.0|Although I'm a child of the 60's, stuck in the rut of rock &amp; blues I found this CD to be a refreshing change. The music is deep and intense. The sounds flow easily, and changes in style from track to track inspired. When the mood is right this CD will take you places you've never been before. Enjoy the trip.<BR>Buy this CD, you will not regret it.
0060934719|4.0|What I associate with Neil Gaiman: the rather strange book about the apocalypse he cowrote with Terry Pratchett and what I think is a rather dark comic book series. This book was not at all what I expected. Instead, it is a fairy tale for grownups.<br />Wall is a town on the edge of Faerie, with one gateway in. Only once every nine years, though, do people go in, for a fair. A young man does so, falls in love with one there, has sex with her, and leaves at the end of the fair. Then a baby in a basket appears at the gateway and is adopted by the young man, now married.<br />The son grows up and is ordinary enough except he falls in love with the most beautiful young woman in the town, who to get rid of him sends him into Faerie after a fallen star. His father escorts him to the gateway, beyond which he has a series of marvelous adventures, some of which Gaiman dismisses in a sentence since, I think, we've heard them before. This is intertwined with a battle for succession among three sons and the adventures of a fairly nasty witch. Of course, the virtuous succeed and the evil fail, and all those who should live happily ever do so.<br />All in all a magical story. I found it tough going at first. Gaiman goes very deeply into description, which I tend to skim, so I had to change my usual habits in order to get into the book. But once I got going I found it difficult to put down and ended up staying up until after midnight last night to finish it.
0743216458|5.0|Despite all the recent publicity surrounding accusations of plagiarism against Ambrose (none of which I even begin to believe), this is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I read it early in the fall in anticipation of Tom Hanks' HBO miniseries.  It details WWII through the eyes of a Parachute Infantry company, from their formation and training in the southeastern US, to their fighting from Normandy to Berchtesgaden.  How fitting that the Eagle's Nest should be occupied by the 101st Screaming Eagle Division.  Reading this book made me glad that I had decided to become a paratrooper.  As an added bonus, I found out after I had devoured it that General Eric Shinseki, the Army's Chief of Staff, has put this book on his list of must reads for just about every soldier in the Army.
B00005LC1H|5.0|I've watched the entire run of Fawlty Towers dozens of times and I laugh harder each time.<BR>Picture and sound quality are great, considering the age of the material.  I'm no expert on video, but I think some folks are being a little picky.  These programs were produced over 20 years ago for TV.  The exteriors were done on 16mm film and the interiors were done on video tape.  This was not a theatrical release.   It looks to me like some work has been done on the shows, as they look and sound better than any PBS broadcast that I've seen.<BR>The extras are great, with the exception of the first 6 commentaries by John Howard Davies.  It sounds as if Davies hasn't viewed these for years and remembered very little.  As a result, most of these commentaries consist of a lot of heavy breathing, sniffing, and slurping. He makes a comment about every 5 or 10 minutes on average. Still, Davies' noises can be amusing, especially at 3 in the morning! The last 6 commentaries by Bob Spiers are much better.  Spiers does far more talking and actually seems to have some memory of the shows he directed.   It would have been nice if the BBC had offered John Cleese a big pile of money to do commentaries for these shows.  Eric Idle was once quoted as saying that Cleese would do anything for money - He once offered him a pound to shut up &amp; Cleese took it!  Cleese probably would have done a commentary...for a price.<BR>The interviews on the discs are great.  Each disc contains a different interview with John Cleese, which are about 20 minutes each.  Disc 2 has an interview with Andrew Sachs who was Manuel. The interview is nearly a half hour and Sachs is very witty and entertaining.  Disc 3's interview with Prunella Scales (Sybil Fawlty) is good, but very short.<BR>There are also a couple of great documentaries: One about the Gleneagles Hotel &amp; Donald Sinclair who Fawlty Towers &amp; Basil Fawlty are based, as well as a brief featurette about the building that acted as the exteriorfor Fawlty Towers and the fire that destroyed the building in the 1990's.  There are also about 5 minutes or so of mildly amusing outtakes.<BR>So, sit back have a Kipper or a Waldorf Salad and enjoy some great comedy.  Just don't mention the war!
6305128952|5.0|I enjoyed this movie very much, and the length (almost 3 hrs) didn't phase me at all.  The story is very engrossing and keeps you riveted to the screen. All the actors give outstanding performances.  The movie is a tear-jerker.  If you dislike many of today's movies with all the violence and sex splashed across the screen, this movie is a welcomed departure.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys wholesome cinema.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This movie is absolutely a must have for any collector of movies.  This isn't your average kids movie, if you haven't seen this one yet, you haven't seen animation at its current best.  the humor is more for the adults than the kids, and the ingeniousnness of taking all of our favorite fairytales and twisting them, is just pure delight to watch over and over and over, i must admit to watching this at least 2x a week with my son (every Saturday is a must), it's just one of those movies that a healthy dose of Shrek will do ya just fine, just like watching the Simpsons episodes over and over. This is one movie that won't go dusty on your DVD shelf.
B00005NWM3|5.0|I first saw Nickelback three years ago when they were on tour with creed, and shortly after i bought their second album, State, and was really impressed. With Silver Side Up, However, the group has reached a new peak.  All the songs on this album, although some are similar, are deeply moving and, an unusual thing in music to day, honest.  A definite must have for any alt-rock fan!
B0000025JT|5.0|This is Barbra at her best. She doesn't sing songs like this anymore. It's too bad too. She'd have a lot more young fans (like she doesn't already have enough) if she sang more pop style music like on this album.
B00005QW5X|5.0|This movie blew my socks off.  It's compared to Rocky Horror, but I found this far superior to any rock musical I've watched.  The music was fantastic, the performances left me wishing I'd had the opportunity to see it live and the extras fed my need for more!
6302759110|4.0|'Dracula' has pretty much been done to death by the movie industry, yet this recent version (along with the version shown on TV's 'Buffy The Vampire Slayer') is truly one to savour.  Rather than placing 'Dracula' as a mere horror, it has amped up the sex from the book, which is basically about sexuality anyway.<br />The performances are all, bar Keanu, very good.  Gary Oldman again proves what a versatile actor he is, playing the haggard old Dracula just as well as he does the younger seductive one.  The make-up in these parts is also truly astonishing.  Winona Ryder as Dracula's lust object also has remarkable presence, again showing that given the right role that she can excel.  The supporting cast, including Anthony Hopkins as Van Helsing, Richard E. Grant as Dr. Seward and Sadie Frost as Lucy Westenra also leave their mark.  Even Keanu Reeves is well cast, with Jonathan being a wimpy wooden character in the book perfectly suiting his limited acting range.<br />The lush production design ensures that the viewer is as seduced by the spectacle before them as Mina Murray is with Dracula.  In particular, Jonathan's encounter with the three ladies is exceptionally original, with them appearing on all sides of him underneath a large red velvet sheet.  Imageries of blood are dotted everywhere, with sex and death being equated as much the same thing.  There's not one moment where you feel bored, with the finale being significantly better than the admitedly lacklustre one that the book offers up.  Indeed, the alterations made to the original novel only serve to make it better.  For instance, Dracula's bloodlust for Mina is made all the more passionate by the fact that she is the reincarnation of his wife that he died for several hundred years ago.<br />The movie even manages to be quite haunting, with an erotic sleepwalking experience/dream exchanged between Mina and Lucy followed up by a disturbing scene of Dracula's wolf calling for the young ladies.  This is a must foran fan of gothic cinema, updated for the 90's with style.
0743420373|4.0|As a fundraiser, i have to discriminate between potential donors to maximize the return on my time. This book helps identify those people who may not look or act like it but who have millions. <br />Like my gandfather said &quot;there's more money in overalls than in 3-piece suits&quot;.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|Watching this film I kept thinking about how the lines between music videos and film have been crossed. The camera work, editing and sappy use of POP tunes in a turn of the century movie all convey the feeling that the director thinks we are stupid.  IF the move had been shot with NEW songs, written for the film, it could have been a wonderful movie.  But the director seemed to think that we, the audience would become confused and possible bored by this.  What to do?  Use pop songs we ALL know!  Rather than take a risk, Baz took the easy road. Much like those TV ads that uses a pop song to sell soap, this movie uses pop songs to sell itself. Why try and be original when you can buy it?  Moulin Rouge falls into a new category of film, Ultra-culture!  Where words, time, music, colors and editing build a world all it's own.  The end result is a story we can see coming a mile away, music we all know and editing we have all seen before.  If this movie had taken more risks I would have liked it more.  As it stands now, it's a commercial for itself.  A movie totally lacking in any depth other than it's love for what it is, pretty.
6304082428|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time. It's a fascinating look into how oppressive life would have been in the early 1800s in England (as a woman). Austen's work is marvelously adapted on the screen by some  amazing acting. Colin Firth is superb, but you already knew that, right? Jennifer Ehle is rarely praised in these blurbs and I feel the need to acknowledge her skill as an actress. She is spunky and vivacious just as Miss Bennett  should be. This is one of the few movies worth owning on video/DVD, you WILL watch it again, and again, and dare I say again!
B00005OWEG|1.0|I'm amazed at how little there is here, and how Zoetrope chose to blow a great release opportunity. Does anyone else remember that there's a feature-length documentary on the making of this film? I'm not asking that anything be given away for free, and I realize Hearts of Darkness is not yet released on DVD, but why not include some material from the documentary? How about some photos and/or cast member profiles, even some text about the historical milieu? Coppola said this film &quot;isn't about Viet Nam, it IS Viet Nam.&quot; Martin Sheen had a heart attack, and Lawrence Fishburn was just a kid who went on to have a fairly healthy career in film. Surely these profiles deserve some extra treatment. &quot;What about 49 extra minutes of footage not included in the original edit?&quot; Please. The scenes are clumsy and rightfully deserve to have been left on the cutting room floor. The only thing &quot;DVD&quot; about this release is the ability to jump to specific scenes. I'm hoping this release will be reconsidered, possibly reproduced to include additional content, and/or packaged with Hearts of Darkness for a nominal price increase to cover both titles. Otherwise, this is a DVD release that does nothing to exploit the medium, and should be avoided or at least rented before purchase.
0812589041|4.0|Ender (Andrew Wiggin)is getting the shaft from just about everyone he knows.<br />His older brother (Peter) has about as much compassion as a rock. He is a  cold blooded killer, and his sister (Valentine) is a pacifist.<br />Ender gets the nickname because his sister could not pronounce the name Andrew, and it came out Ender.<br />Ender almost kills another boy at school, With his willingness to fight, and his genius like abilities; he is taken from his home and family to battle school. where he and other children are trained in tactics so when they are older they can join in the battle against the \\"buggers\\" (original huh?). Part of these tactics is a computer game (in Enders mind) in  mock battle against the buggers. What is really happening; is that his playing the game is directing real soldiers in real battle against the buggers, and Ender is unaware that he is indirectly responsible for the death of millions on both sides of the war.<br />After Ender learns what he has done, he starts a new philosophy or religion that he calls \\"Speaker for the dead\\".<br />As a speaker foe the dead; he is asked to come to a planet (which if he lands; he will have to spend the rest of his life there because of the Descolada virus that causes lifeforms to mutate into symbiotic lifeforms, and any person trying to leave the surface will be destroyed because the hegemony will not allow this contaigion to spread to other planets) to speak on behalf of two humans that were killed by the Pequienos (an indiginous sentient lifeform that looks like a mixture between pig and man. I like the second volume \\"Speaker for the dead\\" much better. A friend had both books in one volume called \\"Ender's War\\". I have no idea where he bought it, or if it is still available.<br />Wah doh Ogedoda (We give thanks Great Spirit)
B000002KHH|5.0|Although on their first album Black Sabbath brought the world the first heavy metal album, Paranoid took heavy metal and shoved it down the throat of evry person on earth. Paranoid got wider exposure, and attracted many more people to heavy metal. That said, Paranoid is one great album. While containing Sabbath classics like War Pigs, Paranoid, an Iron Man(which contains the best Tony Iommi riff EVER....adn that's saying alot), it also contains my personal favorite Sabbath song, Electric Funeral. THat song just sounds so irresistably weird and has some great lyrics. Although Planet Caravan requires soem getting used to it's still a pretty good track. Overall this album is heavy and has formed the basis for almost all metal music. so go out there and get it. and i mean NOW
B00004TJKI|5.0|A couple of years ago, there was a poll conducted among legal professionals (lawyers, judges, etc.) on what they felt was the best and most accurate courtroom picture ever made.  \\"Anatomy of a Murder\\" was the unanimous choice.  Those seeking to enter the legal profession will certainly enjoy this film, but so will those who have a love for classic Hollywood films.  Otto Preminger was one of the best directors working in the Hollywood when the studio system began to collapse, and this is probably his best film.<BR>Tightly constructed with a superb cast and crisp writing, this is mainstream entertainment of the highest order.<br />Never one to let censorship interfer with reality, Preminger often tackled controversial subjects without sanitizing it.  His groundbreaking films no longer seem controversial today, but because he never flinches from his subject matter, his films tend to date better than most of the period.<br />People have complained that this DVD is pan and scan.  While it is full frame, it's not actually pan and scan.  The film was originally photographed in a way that captured a full frame image, but was intended to be shown in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio with the aid of a matte.  As such, the film was composed for this aspect ratio.  What they did for this DVD is transfer the entire image, exposing parts of the frame that was never meant to be shown.  As a result, you have massive headroom in some shots, much more than originally intended, and the added open space ruins the tight compositions that were intended for each shot.<br />Of course, there are people out there who could care less and just want to fill their TV screens.  However, if you really want to see the film in an appropriate setting, seek out the import version of this DVD at amazon.co.uk, which has been matted to the appropriate 1.85:1 aspect ratio.
B000002UUX|5.0|I got this album about a month ago. I promptly popped it in my CD player and totally blown away by it. I already had Peace Sells but nothing on that record prepared me for this. Dave Mustaine and Co. deliver one massive dose of heavy metal at its finest. Although after this Megadeth began their decline Rust in Peace is up there as one of the best metal albums ever.
7119005901|5.0|This is one of the best books that I have read in all my life. It tells a very good translation of the events of the Three Kingdoms Era in China during 220-280 A.D. Fans of the various Koei games who are interested in the history of the Three Kingdoms will definately love the novel. Though it is quite long it is worth the time spent to read it. This book has been recognized in China for over a 1000 years and is a good read for anyone.<BR>NOTE:When I recieved my edition it DID have 4 volumes.
0792153189|3.0|This is one of the most bizzare films I have ever seen. At first, I could barely stay awake. The story and subplots are all over the map, but there is still an almost intoxicating feel to it all.<br />I never did see it in the theatre, so I really didn't know what to expect. It tries a little too hard, a la \\"Strange Days\\", but an incredible effort given the theme.<br />A warning though: some of the final scenes are almost too believable and hard to watch. If you are open minded and have a good constitution, this is a fun ride. But even a hard core horror fan like myself was a little sleepless that night.
4789004546|5.0|I reviewed the wrong book!! (I'll try to get rid of that other bad bad bad review of the wrong book when I can...)<br />This book is EXCELLENT...I have used it many times to figure out a confusing phrase or simply to learn what was meant by a particular word.<br />Just about everything a beginner could need is in this book.  I would certainly recommend it.
B0000024RQ|5.0|After his self-titled debut album, Dylan stunned 1963 listeners with his second disc, which opens with three Dylan classics in a row:  &quot;Blowin' in the Wind&quot; is a timeless classic which has been covered countless times by countless artists.  40 years later, its power to convey what's wrong with the world has not diminished one bit.  &quot;Girl From the North Country&quot; remains one of Dylan's classic love songs.  &quot;Masters of War&quot; is a song that will be topical as long as war is waged in any portion of the planet.  Two other tunes, &quot;Hard Rain&quot; and &quot;Don't Think Twice&quot; are among the best songs Dylan ever wrote.  Dylan still performs these tunes in concert nearly four decades later.  It's really quite amazing how well these songs hold up after all the years since their initial release.  Great songs will always be great.  <br />The Dylan of 1963 sought to tell us about the world and what was happening in it as he saw it, but he also wanted us to have a couple of laughs.  &quot;Talking World War III Blues&quot; and &quot;I Shall Be Free,&quot; though dated only by the characters named, are still great examples of Dylan's sharp wit (which, by the way, has not decreased at all in 2002).<br />'Freewheelin'' marks the first time Dylan wrote or co-wrote nearly all of the songs on the album.  (&quot;Corinna, Corinna&quot; is the lone exception.) The disc is finally being recognized as one of Dylan's best, alongside 'Blonde on Blonde' and 'Blood on the Tracks.'  It's about time.  <br />Disc Time - 50:06
B00000I1OY|5.0|It really is amazing how unknown this movie still is. If you are unfamiliar with it, you are in for a real experience.  It is based on a classic short story by John Cheever, and it works like an extended, lost episode of the old \\"Twilight Zone\\" television series.  A middle-aged suburban man (Burt Lancaster) decides to swim across his wealthy Connecticut county, through all the swimming pools of his neighbors back to his own home.  As he makes his journey you gradually become aware that he is not all that he seems.  Dark secrets keep getting revealed and it soon becomes apparent that we are witnessing a telescoping of the man's entire adult life into a few afternoon hours of an early autumn day.  The film becomes a powerful allegory about disillusionment and tragedy, without being the least heavy-handed about it.  Like Cheever's other great short story \\"The Enormous Radio\\", \\"The Swimmer\\" can be interpreted as a religious parable about the self-deception of fallen humanity.  The comeuppance Lancaster receives is almost too intense to watch.  This is a genuinely shattering movie that will stay with you.
B00005QIPH|2.0|It's ludicrus for anyone to compare The Strokes to Radiohead.  They're completely different sounds.  Radiohead is made up of major league musicians and Thom Yorke is a brilliant vocalist and writer, while The Strokes sound like every other wannabe Velvet Underground band I see every weekend in NYC.  I'd rather listen to Television's Marquee Moon, it's the same sound but with better guitarists.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Actually I started writing this review when i first got the album and was going to give it one or two stars and say all bad things about each song. I cannot possibly count how many times I've edited my review (before AND after posting it) It must have been like 50 times. I hated it so much I wanted to throw it in the garbage. But I said to myself, usually stuff on this grows on me. Well, It REALLY grew on me over time amd now i'm giving it 4 stars. (More like 4.5) It would be 5 stars if they included \\"Worrywort\\" and \\"Fog\\", Which were outstanding B-Sides, Instead of \\"Hungry Bears\\", 2 Minutes of boring repetitive guitar playing, and \\"Morning Bell\\" A Song that was on Kid A and was completey ruined on this album. You probably will think the same thing and hate this on your first few listens, but after a while you realize the beauty behind it.<br />Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box: 5/5 Very Interesting song. It is like a industrial-technoish kind of feel to it... can't really explain but it's a great song.<br />Pyramid Song: 5/5 I'm in love with this song, It's so addicting, so different from anything I've ever heard. Also I HATED it when i first heard it. That just says you have to give all songs a chance cause they might grow on you very rapidly... I know this one did. Incredible song. Interesting video to watch also.<br />Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors: 4/5 I've figured out that when you first listen to a song and say \\"What the hell is this??\\" then it grows on you after many listens and is good. That's exactly how this song works. I really enjoy listening to this it is very fun to listen to.<br />You and Whose Army: 5/5 Good song, the intro is very slow but progresses on to a beautiful song, Especially when it \\"explodes\\" at 2 minutes into the song, I love that part.<br />I Might Be Wrong: 5/5 Very Good song. Might seem repetitve at first but I have realized this song is amazing. Radiohead actually sounds more like a normal rock band here. (Not that NOT Sounding normal is bad) Very addicting song.<br />Knives Out: 5/5 This song is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, and was the only song i heard before I bought this. Best on the album. My second favourite Radiohead song behind \\"Paranoid Android\\". I simply can not explain why it's so good, you have to hear it for yourself. The atmospere and life of the song is just brilliant. Very good video too.<br />Morning Bell/Amnesiac: 1/5 This song has been completely ruined. The Kid A version is incredible.<br />Dollars & Cents: 5/5 Very interesting and haunting. Can't explain it in words any further.<br />Hunting Bears: 1/5 This isn't a song, more like someone accedently left equipment on recording someone fooling around with a guitar while drunk. ;/<br />Like Spinning Plates: 4/5: Pretty good song with an interesting sound i can't really describe. Takes a while to progress.<br />Life in a Glass House: 2/5: This song is really creepy and wierd, and doesn't sound right. I think the trumpets are annoying. But it's not horrible.<br />I HIGHLY Suggest downloading \\"Worrywort\\" and \\"Fog\\" They're very good B-Sides from this album. I really wish they would've just added those 2 songs to Amnesiac instead of Morning Bell and Hunting Bears. Especially Worrywort. If you've been a Radiohead fan of course get this album and if you're just getting into Radiohead I suggest OK Computer and Kid A first. But this is one album I just cannout put back on the shelf. It is extremely addicting. By that I mean after listening to a certain song, you just don't ever want it to end. And when it ends you're just forced to play it over again. I am SO glad that i decided to take a chance and buy it. I'll never regret it. It's not overrated. I think it is underrated because of all the people that are saying it is overrated. If you think this is overrated you just don't understand the maturity and absolute brilliance behind it.d) Very addicting song.<BR>Knives Out: 5/5 This song is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, and was the only song i heard before I bought this. Best on the album. My second favourite Radiohead song behind \\"Paranoid Android\\". I simply can not explain why it's so good, you have to hear it for yourself. The atmospere and life of the song is just brilliant. Very good video too.<BR>Morning Bell/Amnesiac: 1/5 This song has been completely ruined. The Kid A version is incredible.<BR>Dollars & Cents: 5/5 Very interesting and haunting. Can't explain it in words any further.<BR>Hunting Bears: 1/5 This isn't a song, more like someone accedently left equipment on recording someone fooling around with a guitar while drunk. ;/<BR>Like Spinning Plates: 4/5: Pretty good song with an interesting sound i can't really describe. Takes a while to progress.<BR>Life in a Glass House: 2/5: This song is really creepy and wierd, and doesn't sound right. I think the trumpets are annoying. But it's not horrible.<br />I HIGHLY Suggest downloading \\"Worrywort\\" and \\"Fog\\" They're very good B-Sides from this album. I really wish they would've just added those 2 songs to Amnesiac instead of Morning Bell and Hunting Bears. Especially Worrywort. If you've been a Radiohead fan of course get this album and if you're just getting into Radiohead I suggest OK Computer and Kid A first. But this is one album I just cannout put back on the shelf. It is extremely addicting. By that I mean after listening to a certain song, you just don't ever want it to end. And when it ends you're just forced to play it over again. I am SO glad that i decided to take a chance and buy it. I'll never regret it. It's not overrated. I think it is underrated because of all the people that are saying it is overrated. If you think this is overrated you just don't understand the maturity and absolute brilliance behind it.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin is more than a makeup artist, he's a magician. A true artiste, he takes both everyday people and celebrities we're all accustomed to seeing, and turns them into someone completely different. The pictures are amazing, and the step by step instructions are simple and clear. The one thing the book doesn't provide are specific names and colors of the makeup that is used, so it can be hard to emulate the looks. However, despite that, it's still amazing to look through!
B00004Z4WR|1.0|You should know going in: this movie is not packed with car chases. I'm not giving anything away to tell you that many, many cars are stolen in this movie. The problem is that most of them are driven away as quietly as possible--Cage & Crew are trying to steal (I think) 50 cars in one night without getting caught. So they take it slow and easy.<br />And that doesn't make much of a car-theft movie. <br />I expected a LOT more action than this flick delivered. Without action, a movie needs plot and characters, and this one doesn't have either.
B00005UEAR|5.0|Dream theater has gone through many changes since it's debut. But I think the way this album hit me shocked me the most. Just listen to the first track, Glass Prison. You'll understand what I mean. It flirts with thrash metal and really kicks the cd off in high gear. But once you get through this cd, that first track seems to make musical sense. <br />I have a good feeling that many people will really only like either the first or second disc. Mainly because first impressions are very strong. Glass prison makes you feel like that Dream Theater has really added some edge and thrash into their music. But if you listen to the begining of Six Degress of Inner Turbulence you'll get a nice dose of classical, symphonic progressive rock. <br />I feel that this is the most impressive album for Dream Theater musically. They abandoned most of their cliche's and covered a broad spectrum of their sound. This cd has extrememly catchy themes that seem almost &quot;pop&quot; and other tracks that seem like they'd scare children. So is it good? Yes it is. <br />I'd have to say that there isn't a single song that is bad in any respect on the album. Each song might not be a type of music that someone likes, but it doesn't matter if you don't like it, you have to respect the concept and originality of it. So DT fans need to keep an open mind. <br />The themes of the songs are the best part of this album. The band really put together some really good songs that capture your imagination. Also the lyrics are top notch as usual and very intelligent (Great Debate is about Stem-Cell research). I do wish Rudess was used a little more in the album, but I think he's used more for background at times (but he really shines on the second disc).<br />Of course this album will not be for those who do not long songs. But if you decide to get over it, you'll see that it's worth your time. This new album by dream theater will really get a lot of criticism from those who don't like one or two of the songs but listen to this cd no matter who says what. Just make sure you don't go in expecting a certain sound because you will experience many different aspects of musicianship from Dream Theater's Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence.
0345440757|3.0|This was the book I bought before we delivered my son (who is now 10 weeks old).  My husband and I were pretty naive about babies for various reasons, and thought that whatever Tracy Hogg said must be pretty correct since it sounded very sensible.  Looking back from the vantage point of 10 weeks of parenting, there were a few tips that were valuable: her suggestion to make sure that the baby stays awake after a feed for roughly a 2 hour stretch; the tip to wait briefly before picking up the baby when they cry to see if you can determine the need the baby is trying to get addressed;the section at the back to help address problems caused by 'Accidental Parenting', when people want to get their baby out of their bed at night, etc.  <br />What I did not find helpful was her assertion that you can determine the temperment of your baby using her little questionnaire within the first week or so. It's my feeling, after being involved with a mom's group from week 2, that babies have to acclimate for a few weeks before you have any idea what they're really like.  Many of her suggestions on care hinge on knowing your baby's temperment, but since we 'misdiagnosed', none of the techniques worked.  In fact, it turned out that our baby had a food sensitivity to wheat and was an angel baby, not a spirited baby at all.  He also had an ear infection, which is quite rare, but there was no mention in her book about the need for a check with a doctor if the baby is very fussy.<br />I also question her suggestion to express milk BEFORE feeding the baby and using this expressed milk for a bottle feed later in the day.  The milk expressed at the beginning would be foremilk. This store of milk, without the balancing effect of the later hind milk, would cause gas in poor, unsuspecting infants.<br />Overall, I think there are valuable tips in the Baby Whisperer, but they are mired in with misinformation and we allowed ourselves tobe mislead by her authoritative style.  Books that I have foundto be more useful have been the American Pediatric Assoc. books for providing concrete info, and the Contented Little Baby Book for scheduling help.  But there's no comparison for tuning into your baby and taking cues from them, one of the good points that Tracy Hogg can be applauded for.
B00004VW5A|5.0|If you agree that Elvis was at the top of his game during the 1950's, this five-disc set is heaven sent.  Personally, I love his early recordings like Mystery Train, That's All Right, Blue Moon of Kentucky, Good Rockin' Tonight, and especially Milkcow Blues Boogie (has to be one of my favorites for its name alone!).  Therefore, for me the first disc is the best, but they're all good.  The 5th disc with all the previously unreleased material is especially cool.  <br />Spend the extra money, get this 5 disc set...you'll never need another Elvis collection again.
B00000016K|5.0|Cream's third album proved to be equally as good as their 1967 smash hit Disraeli Gears. Released in August of 1968 \\"Wheels Of Fire\\" was in some ways was Cream final finest hour. After this album the band basically went their seperate ways and issued out the disappointing \\"Goodbye\\" as a swan song album.<br />None the less Wheels Of Fire is considered by many as Cream's final album and maybe their finest. Like the previous Cream albums it contains several smash hits including WHITE ROOM, THOSE WERE THE DAYS and POLITICIAN three of my favourite Cream tracks ever. As well as the blues rock brilliance of SITTING ON TOP OF THE WORLD and BORN UNDER A BAD SIGN. Apart from the hits the other tracks are awesome on their own, AS YOU SAID and DESERTED CITIES OF THE HEART are both essential Cream tracks. PASSING THE TIME is a beautiful song and PRESSED RAT AND WARTHOG is a fun novelty tune.<br />The band was also kind enough to add an extra disc to make this a awesome double record. As disc 2 is live at the Fillmore featuring some great live tracks. CROSSROADS is essential and the 16 minute version of SPOONFUL is amazing. As for the other two tracks TRAINTIME is okay and TOAD is way too long however it proves that Baker is a brilliant drummer.<br />In conclusion Wheels Of Fire is essential Cream. The studio album is great on it's own but the live teacks are a bit <BR>of a bonus. The album is one of their best and I'm sure you will agree! Highly recommended!
B00005JL0U|5.0|This is a must-have for fans, and a great present for kids. To watch Michael Jackson singing and dancing and acting is a pleasure. Michael Jackson is just inspiring, the greatest artist since he started performing.
B00005QDW1|3.0|This album, recorded very soon after RETURN OF SATURN is a complete departure from the previous CD. Gone is the guitar-oriented sound of the band. Apart from Gwen's recognizable voice, there is little on the album to suggest that this is even No Doubt. The songs, although highly repetitious are very catchy, but unfortunately not very original. One gets the feeling that he has heard it all before somewhere. It is clear that the band has gotten bored of their signature style and wants to brave new waters. But they should stick to what they do best. The unsettling thing is that most bands, once they depart from their original formula, rarely return. Too bad. It looks as if TRAGIC KINGDOM and RETURN OF SATURN will mark the high point of their career, at least artistically.
0312243022|5.0|So, you might begin reading The Hours and get into the book for a few chapters and think, \\"So what is the point?\\" There is no hard, driving plot, no lusty sex scenes, no simple writing that you can just skim over. Regardless, don't give up on this book!It is brilliant!<br />Cunningham takes the lives of three women, Virgina Woolf, author extraordinare, Laura Brown, trapped housewife, and Clara, a lonely New York City Lesbian, and weaves their lives together. <br />As Woolf lives out a day in her life, she mentally writes her famous novel Mrs. Dalloway. It is almost as if she is creating Clara and Laura as well. All women are simple perfectionists, leading ordinary and seemingly plain lives. <br />But in the end only one of the three women are truly successful in living. By enduring hours of plainess, sadness or lonliness that we all find in each day, one woman is smart enough to seize the micromoments of joy, and make life incredible enough to live. <br />Which one? You have to read to the end to find out.
B00005N9CV|1.0|Awful CD.  Ms. Krall's CD maybe the hottest selling jazz CD in the nation at the moment, but this listener found her to be downright boring.  She may as well have been singing the same song over and over as they all sound alike -- very monotone.  I don't mean to sound critical as I can't sing at all, but I wish more of the reviews had been so honest before I spent the money on this CD that I will never listen to.  Count mine as another that will go as a used one for sale.  If you are looking for a female jazz singer try Jane Monheit, much more pleasing to listen to.
0380002930|5.0|I know, it is a story about RABBITS!! They are regular rabbits though, not the \\"Peter Rabbit\\" type, and you forget about the rabbit part quickly, as they form a culture, norms and society all their own. As you read this book, the pace keeps the reader turning page after page, and for the intellectual out there, there are the ideas of religion, communism and democracy to explore. <br />This is not a cutesy novel, but well written, with developed characters, and the timeless themes of good vs. evil and loyalty.
B00003CWNR|4.0|Conservatives, Fundamentalist Christians, and Pro-Lifers will automatically dislike THE CIDER HOUSE RULES on principle. Although such individuals may couch their criticism in terms of script, actors, and production values, the cause for their dislike is the film's highly existentualistic tone re personal values, its pro-choice stance re abortion, and the fairly compelling argument it makes in favor of that position. Set during World War II, CIDER HOUSE is the story of a child named Homer(Tobey Maguire) raised in a Maine orphanage by stubborn but likeable Dr. Larch (Michael Caine), who trains Homer in medical arts. As Homer comes of age, however, he becomes increasingly unhappy with Dr. Larch's tight grip and extremely displeased with the fact that Dr. Larch also casually provides safe but highly illegal abortions to women who demand them. Consequently, Toby sets off to see the world--and finds himself working in an apple orchard, where he lives in \\"the cider house\\" with black seasonal farm workers.<br />There is a great deal to recommend this film. Although Tobey Maguire sometimes overplays the innocence of the character, his performance of the unworldly Homer is generally effective; the real stars of the film, however, are Michael Caine, who brings remarkable humanity to the difficult role of Dr. Larch, and Charlize Hallstrom, with whom Homer falls in love. The supporting cast--which includes Delroy Lindo, Jane Alexander, Kathy Baker, and Erykah Badu--is quite fine. The cinematography is remarkably beautiful, and although not necessarily memorable in terms of dialogue the script is quite effective.<br />Still, the film tends to rely more upon mood than upon actual substance, and as such becomes increasingly predictable as the action progresses, and most viewers will know how the story will end by the time they reach the film's midway point; it also has a very leisurely feel that some viewers will read as slow. Although it forms the crux of the conflict between Homer and Dr. Larch, the issue of abortion is never really fully explored and is presented in a rather one-sided (although very effective) manner. Those expecting an intense, fast-paced drama will be disappointed, and as previously noted pro-life viewers will despise the film from the word go; even so, and in spite of its occasional failings, most viewers will find it thought-provoking, extremely touching, and quite memorable.r and Dr. Larch, the issue of abortion is never really fully explored and is presented in a rather one-sided (although very effective) manner. Those expecting an intense, fast-paced drama will be disappointed, and as previously noted pro-life viewers will despise the film from the word go; even so, and in spite of its occasional failings, most viewers will find it thought-provoking, extremely touching, and quite memorable.
0140186409|5.0|I mostly read Stephen King, Dean Koontz and true crime but when I worked at Talking Book World I decided to listen to a classic.  Dylan Baker read this book on tape and I fell in love with it.  Baker took an excellent book that deserves it place on Classics shelf and brought it to life.  It is a wonderful book that will take you back to it's time and make you thankful for all that you have.  Read this book or even better, let Dylan Baker read it to you.
0789723107|5.0|This book is a must have for anyone who does web design/development.  A lot of technical developers often have problems figuring out why their target users get confused.  This book explains why people get confused, and how to avoid common mistakes.
0871137380|5.0|\\"Blackhawk Down\\" is an exhaustively researched, well-written book.  In his expert narrative on the botched 1993 U.S. intervention in Somalia, author Mark Bowden tells both sides of the story: the way the embattled Rangers and Delta Force saw the conflict, and the way the Somalis saw it.<br />Let this book be further testimony (if any is needed) to the harsh realities of war.  For the soldiers fighting the war, events never unfold as exactly planned.  Because they expected a foray that would only last an afternoon, many of the well-trained Rangers opted to forgo canteens and night-vision devices, a decision which they would soon come to regret.  There was also a high toll in Somali civilian lives, as there are high civilian tolls in most modern wars.  No one can condone the killing of noncombatants, but when innocent civilians get in the line of fire, they often pay for it with their lives.  Bowden demonstrates the truth of this maxim on several occasions.<br />Let this book also be testimony to the courageousness and superb spirit of America's fighting men, some of whom gave their lives in a little-known conflict in some dry, dusty African port; and some of whom felt snubbed by their own government.  It is further to be hoped that our anti-American readers realize that the U.S. has mostly good intentions in its conduct of foreign policy.  The reason the conflict occurred in the first place was that the American government wanted to make sure bellicose Somali warlords did not get in the way of the aid flowing to the needy.  Unfortunately for the U.S., when the fighting got bloody, its campaign based on good intentions mutated into a foreign policy fiasco, which the Pentagon and the government were all too eager to play down.  And of course we must lament the tragic deaths of the Somalis, who suffered a disproportionately high casualty rate.
044022425X|5.0|With Drums of Autumn, Gabaldon turns the story of Jamie and Claire more toward the future than the past.  A New World, new families, new challenges face the Fraser Clan and they meet the new day well.  Gabaldon skillfully answers many questions, yet lays new trails for her faithful readers to pick up on as well.<br />The reader would do well to read the Outlander series in order, as many of the references made are about situations, people and events that all intertwine and connect and the unaware reader may find this confusing.  Although not mandatory to the understanding of the current book, familarity with the characters and their previous adventures is helpful.<br />As in her previous novels, Diana Gabaldon has struck gold again.  The reader should appreciate the length to which she has gone to tell this wonderful story and will look forward to the next in the series with sincere appreciation.
0800177177|2.0|I really love this movie. It's a very good adaptation of the novel and a priceless piece of entertainment for a Dracula fan. When it first came out, there were a lot of documentaries and interviews on TV to promote the movie. I think that it would have been great to have a couple of these on the DVD edition. A commentary by the director &amp; the cast would have also been great, but the DVD is FEATURELESS... There's nothing (NADA) on it but the movie. I'm still waiting for a better edition to come out. Hope it does...
B000003TA4|5.0|I love this album.  This is the first album that I've ever found that I can listen to all the way through without skipping tracks.  It is a great place to start if you are just getting into Nirvana, the greatest band ever.
0385505833|5.0|I can't say enough about this book!  I laughed so hard in some spots I almost cried.  I totally related to the main character.  He is so pathetic, and yet so lovable at the same time.  This book is a MUST READ!
B000003TAB|5.0|This album is so cool.  Its raw and sounds like it was a bunch of demos thrown together, which it was I guess.  My favorites are Sliver, Molly's Lips, and Aneurysm.  New Wave Polly is also cool, even though the original and Unplugged is better, because the sound has been copied by so many bands today.
B00005U1YO|5.0|This album is gonna be massive!! It has everything; great sounds, great vocals, great beats!! Its BRILLIANT! Pure house at its best!! Some of the tracks on this album are definite number 1's!! Come with us the first track is wicked. funky sounds, catchy beat! but there all like that! a lot of effort and feeling have gone into making this album..something you dont get in modern music these days! you feel a lot of emotion and attitude with this album. makes me feel great everytime i listen to it! i havnt put it down since i got it! BUY THIS ALBUM. CHEMICAL BROTHERS RULE!!!
B000000WA4|3.0|Maybe it's just me, but I think that Billy Corgan had a lot of nerve to put out an album this long with his voice.  It gets so annoying after listening to 3 of his songs in a row.  There are some great songs on here, &quot;Tonight Tonight&quot; and &quot;Zero&quot; are my favorites, but most of his lyrics make him sound egotistical and paranoid, like the world is out to get him.  Sorry Billy, but we don't care that much about you.
B000002UAX|2.0|What is up with this album?  It sounds like they just threw whatever was lying around the studio onto the vinyl.  There is no refinement or any edting on this album.  It sounds like they just horsed around with a few songs, but never finshed them.<br />Like, Revoultion.  This version is slower and sounds like they put the entire tape on, instead of cutting it.  It is almost like a bloop[er real.  And Bungalo Bill--his name is Buffalo Bill.<br />With [stuff] like this, I'm glad they broke up.  Although Lennon's and Harrison's deaths were tragic, and a waste.
B0000035E7|5.0|When I first bought this album, I was kind of freaked out because it sounds so different from the In Utero and Nevermind Nirvana that I love.  But after a while its really neat because you can hear where Nirvana came from and you can see how they evolved.  My favorite songs are &quot;About a Girl&quot; &quot;Floyd the Barber&quot; &quot;Blew&quot; and &quot;Negative Creep&quot;
B0000062GE|5.0|Sure Darkest days is depressing, but that's what music's all about.   Helping you deal with your life, and this album has the musical texture to touch on any way you feel at the time, unless you feel happy. I've had the cd for awhile and it never gets old. The music fits the dark lyrics perfectly. I can't believe that s.w.'s been ignored by mainstream music, which really is probably for the better, because popularity destroys credibility. But Darkest Days is at least as good if not better than &quot;the downward spiral&quot; by n.i.n yet that album got all the credit, when stabbing westward was out there making one of the best albums of the 90's only to be ignored. So let's examine the tracks....the album starts off with the creepy song &quot;darkest Days&quot; the song will hook you in immediatly maybe even depress you a little. from then on the next tracks up to #9 are all the same quality. But at the song sometimes it turns to a more suicidal approach which makes the last like 7 tracks stronger than the earlier songs, the whole album is based on dealing with a relationship then it falling apart and the struggle to deal with life, and the lyrics are deeply written consistantly thought provoking. *warning may cause  manic deppression.
B000002IP1|5.0|Phil Collins took a lot of critical heat for making this album, 1989's &quot;But Seriously.&quot; Apparently, the critics just couldn't handle the idea of Phil Collins, of all singers, singing songs about the problems in Northern Ireland (&quot;That's Just The Way It Is&quot;), South Africa (&quot;Colours&quot;), the homeless (&quot;Another Day In Paradise&quot;), etc. I say too bad for them, and three cheers to Phil. He made a great album. Besides, not ALL of the songs here are political, for Heaven's sake. And as for the political ones, they're good songs! There's nothing wrong with a recording artist taking some risks every now and then, even if that artist's name is Phil Collins. Phil gets things up and roaring with the great brassy blast of &quot;Hang In Long Enough,&quot; and the great tunes keep on coming, such as the quiet beauty of &quot;That's Just The Way It Is&quot; &amp; &quot;Do You Remember,&quot; and the fun of &quot;Something Happened On The Way To Heaven.&quot; The most controversial song on the album, the South Africa-inspired &quot;Colours,&quot; is arguably the most adventurous track Phil has ever done, and, with some very strong shifts in mood throughout, as well as some very heartfelt lyrics, Phil pulls it off. The uplifting sing-along vibe of &quot;I Wish It Would Rain Down&quot; is next, followed by the brilliantly powerful, Grammy-winning classic &quot;Another Day In Paradise,&quot; one of Phil's most haunting tunes, which kicks off the second half of equally-great songs in fine fashion, including &quot;All Of My Life&quot; and &quot;Father To Son.&quot; Phil's singing, songwriting, playing &amp; arranging is first rate, and he gets excellent help from the likes of Eric Clapton, David Crosby, Steve Winwood &amp; Stephen Bishop, as well as the expert &quot;usual suspects&quot; on Phil's team, including guitarist Daryl Stuermer, bassist Leeland Sklar and the Earth, Wind &amp; Fire horn section.With the release of his previous album, 1985's mega-smash &quot;No Jacket Required,&quot; Phil got unfairly put into a box of some sort by the music media, labeled &quot;Top 40 Hits.&quot; With &quot;But Seriously,&quot; Phil climbed out of that box (at least to a certain extent) and got chastised for it. 13 years later, though, the album holds up. &quot;But Seriously&quot; shows not only the serious side to Phil, but also his gutsy side in tackling stronger subject matter than, say, &quot;Sussudio.&quot; Hey, I like a good pop song, but I also like it when a so-called &quot;Top 40&quot; artist branches out a little bit, which Phil Collins most certainly did with this fine disc.
B00005RZV4|5.0|Die hard NIN fans may be surprised that the ever-nonconformist Trent Reznor decided to play the standard rockstar game and release a live album. But you'll also be surprised how much this live document actually works. The 2000 Fragility Tour recorded here was justly praised by critics as an impressive performance, so that's a good reason for Trent to treat those of us who weren't there in person. Many \\"electronic\\" acts have proven that their music fails in a live setting, because it is too programmed and unemotional, and nobody wants to watch a computer geek just sitting there on the stage twiddling knobs. Of course, this is not the case with NIN, as Trent's music is dense enough and emotional enough to translate very well into a guitar/drums/keyboards performance (with a few exceptions, like \\"March of the Pigs\\" which is just a little too densely packed to work well with conventional instruments). Trent has assembled a great live band to deliver the NIN material with precision and real human emotion. Thus we get a plentiful helping of angry rockers sprinkled with slow tension builders, and the crowd is taken on a mental roller coaster ride just like listeners who play the original albums. On the heavy side, there are a few surprises like the extra frantic punishers from the *Broken* album, including \\"Wish\\" and \\"Gave Up.\\" On the creepy side, \\"The Great Below,\\" and \\"The Day the World Went Away\\" break the tension, but only a little. Another surprise is the band's transformation of the more standard electronic numbers from *Pretty Hate Machine* into the more industrial and angry style of NIN's subsequent albums.
B00000294R|5.0|One of the best debuts i've ever heard, along with Illmatic, Ready to Die, and 36 Chambers. <BR>The beats have an old school feel to them, even though some tracks are dark-sounding (Danger Zone, Street Struck)and others are funky (No Endz No Skinz, MVP), and the lyrics are just perfect; very simplistic, but at the same time extremely clever and most of all very ILL. L proves that you don't have to use big words and rap about the moon and the sun to be underground.<BR>I also noticed how he influenced some of today's rap starts, like Cam'Ron and Jay-Z. A young hova (literally) shows up on Da Graveyard, dropping a decent verse along with some other MC's. Just imagine what L's career would've been like if he was signed to Rocafella, it's just too bad this album didn't seel many copies and L was murdered before he dropped his second effort.<BR>Big L's carrer was cut short if you ask me, and the same happened with 3 other GREAT MC's, you know who they are. <BR>L lives on in the hearts of real hip-hop heads, go cop this album if you don't have it, it's a must.
0451527712|3.0|Mary Shelley's charactorization was... lacking.  None of the charactors had their own &quot;voice&quot;.  This actually made it confusing to follow at times, as the protaganist, his love, and his creation all have sections where they are telling the narative... and it is often difficult to tell who is talking!<br />While I'm glad I read the original, I probably will not re-read it.
0767819462|2.0|This is a movie about unfulfilled hopes of love, desperation of middle age, loneliness of dying, and destroyed childhoods. It's also a movie about responsibility and lack of such.  What a potential for a real drama. But no, they had to make everybody so sweet, so wonderful that I had to go eat an anchovy. <BR> So start with the father: <BR> <BR> An aging affluent lawer brings home to live with him and his two young children a girl almost half his age. She is neither a wife nor is there any talk about marriage at that time. The children are confused about her role in their father's life. The little boy asks his father why his dad and mom got divorced. Dad's answer is remarkable: \\"because daddy doesn't love mommy any longer\\". Then he changes it to a \\"better\\" answer: \\"daddy loves mommy, but not that way\\". How caring! <BR><BR> Dad is really great. He loves his girlfriend \\"that way\\". Passions are so great that the two lovers forget to close the door while they love each other \\"that way\\". Unfortunately (or fortunately) we were not privileged to see Ed Harris making love to Julia Roberts in the bathroom but his daughter was. But it's ok. the mother doesn't mind. To take the children from their irresponsible father would be too damaging. Really.... <BR><BR> There is no sex in this movie because of its rating, but the ideas are much more damaging for the young mind. <BR> <BR> At this point the makers of the movie decided that it was not fair to blame everything on poor Ed Harris. So they create a scene where the mother accuses the dad of leaving her, his response is interesting: \\" You were the one who threw me out of this house two years ago\\". Aha! It's all her falt! Interesting, what did he do in order to be thrown out of the house by the woman who had quit her career years ago in order to dedicate herself to her children and this man? <BR> <BR> Anyway... When the children's misery and hatred to their so called stepmom reaches its maximum the wise dad decides that it wouldbe an appropriate moment to propose to Julia Roberts. Julia Roberts, God bless her, can't wait to marry this older man with a bunch of hating children and alimony payments. It's ok that the dad is almost never there and the poor girlfriend has to take care of the brats almost full time (Can't they hire a babysitter?). Note that she is not a gold digger, she herself is a high-paid rising-star photographer. There is nothing in the movie that explains this girl's attraction to this man. Ed Harris, who has an ability as an actor to develop a complex, emotionally intense, charismatic character ( See \\"The Third Miracle\\" - a much better movie), did nothing for this role.<BR> <BR> Now, there is the mother. She is dying of cancer, but being a proud person she doesn't want her ex and children to know about it. Or may be this is the fear that as soon as the pack of wolves smells her weakness she will be stomped all over. And sure enough,  as soon as they accidentally find out about her illness, the children start treating their mother as if she is already dead. This is turning point for them to start looking to accepting Julia Roberts as their next mother. And at this point they find out that she is actually fun. She doesn't listen to \\"boring\\" classic music as their mother (a big plus), she is a little bit trashy (definitely a big plus), she is young and healthy (unlike their old and sick scary mother). Most importantly, they don't have to rise to the higher moral standard this family once had.  <BR><BR>  Ed Harris, give him credit, a \\"wonderful\\" man, promises the mother that \\"she won't go through this (chemotherapy, radiation, death) alone\\". From this moment, as was said in another review, Ed Harris mysteriously disappears. Except for one \\"act of kindness\\" when he bought a Christmas tree for his children that is. Susan Sarandon is devastated by the loss of first her husband, then her children and now she has only a few weeks to live. Apparently she doesn't have any other friends or family except somewhere in CA where she goes to smoke medicinal dope (is this a plug?). <BR>Before that she is mostly by herself in a huge house. The children are with the girlfriend. The ex is busy making money. Her suffering is intolerable. <BR><BR>  Remarkably, none of these \\"wonderful\\" people feels generous enough to come to her and give this pretty much discarded woman a big hug and say the words that have to be said. There is nothing to fight about anymore: the mother lost and the girlfriend achieved the status of top female in the pack. Ed Harris is missing until the movie's budget ran out and they had to make a final Christmas scene. He suddenly appears in the end and acts so we all hope that his mid-life crisis is over. Julia turns from an annoying moron into a relatively mature individual, the mother forgives everybody, and the children are happy, because though their mother is dying , there will finally be clarity about who is who, and no need to go from one house to another every couple of days. As I said, there is nothing to fight about. The mother will be dead in a few weeks. She lost and she knows this, so she tries to make her children remember her as a nice person. <BR> <BR> Julia won (how could she not?). By the way, the children hug their mother finally in the last scene. <BR><BR>Ed Harris is concerned who is going to take care of children when Julia is at work. Luckily Julia is happy to quit her high-paying glamorous job to raise Ed's children. <BR><BR>  I wonder if she can have her job back when Ed decides he doesn't love her \\"that way\\" any longer? <BR> Susan Sarandon and the boy show good acting, but material is so bad that this movie is a joke.
B000002OX5|5.0|If there is a perfect rock lp,this is it.
B00005OB0A|5.0|I absolutely adore \\"Light Years\\" and the singles that it produced, especially \\"Spinning Around\\", so of course I had to buy the new Kylie Minogue cd but not the domestic version that won't be released in the US until March. The first time I heard the song \\"Can't Get You Out of My Head\\", I thought \\"catchy beat but unspectacular vocals\\" but the more I heard the song the more I grew to love Kylie's vocals. Now I can't get enough of that song. What a stupdendous way to kick off the release of a superb follow up to the classic \\"Light Years\\". \\"More More More\\" and \\"Love At First Sight\\" didn't exactly set the room on fire when I first heard the songs but I'm sure I will grow to love them like I did with \\"Can't Get You Out of My Head\\". \\"Come Into My World\\" reminds me a bit of \\"On a Night Like This\\" (from \\"Light Years\\"). It just has that familiar beat I think but I dig it. \\"Fragile\\" is a funky little number that reminded me a bit of Daft Punk but with Kylie's high-pitched voice. While I do think \\"Light Years\\" is slightly better than \\"Fever\\", \\"Fever\\" is a worthy contender to be considered classic Kylie Minogue.
0385335482|3.0|I'm still a little undetermined about this book.  On the upside, I didn't NOT finish reading it, which I will do with books that simply don't catch my interest or are just simply boring.  However, I was tempted when, into the fourth chapter, there still wasn't much plot other than Becky's addiction to shopping and increasing debt.  I found this side of her highly annoying.  I mean, really, someone with this much trouble with shopping needs professional help.  She also thinks nothing of lying, which I also find disturbing.<br />The plot that was harked on the back cover didn't start until page 230... kind of far back when it's only a 245 page book or so.  Everything else was Becky finding neat things to buy and turning to shops every time something went remotely wrong (which was often).  Granted, the descriptions are fun and Becky is quirky and an oddly interesting character.  I don't think I'd like her in real life - too flighty and shallow.<br />Even with all this, I still enjoyed reading the book and give it three stars.  It's definitely not the best time I've spent with a book, but then again, it wasn't the worst.
B00005UKKF|5.0|Britney is so gorgous,sings like an angle, and as Bob Dole said in the add  easy boy.
