0060977493|4.0|No book had affected me as much as this one did, in a long time; the characters and their emotions are still fresh in my memory. As one who comes from a similar background, I could empathise (and sympathise) with almost every character and situation. But, I should admit that I did find a few situations highly fictional and hard to contend with (especially in Indian conditions). I will highly recommend this book; particularly if you have some ties with India.
B000009DUY|5.0|Titantic is said to be all the all best selling cd, but personally, i think the instrumental is weak and ripped off some of the instrumental from Apollo 13.  Saving Private Ryan, the instrumental is just inspiring and just touches you in a way I can't describe.  It truly expresses the drama and emotions of June 6, 1944.
006017322X|5.0|I was first assigned this book in high school and I really enjoyed it. I recently read it again, and listened to the unabridged book on tape. I laughed, cried, and thouroughly enjoyed every minute of this book. The way Ms. Lee tells the story, from Scout's point of view is amazing. Even though the story is told in retrospect Ms. Lee maintains Scout's innocence in the way she looks at things and understands them. This book should be required reading for every student, and you should read it at least twice to really gain a full appreciation of all it contains. Enjoy!
B0000024YL|4.0|I totally enjoyed this CD. For fans who don't want to spend a lot on the 3 CD collection this CD offers an inexpensive alternative. It would have been nice if the lyrics to the songs would have been included.
0821221841|5.0|The Camera, book 1 of 3 in the Ansel Adams Photography Series, is well written with many illustrations of the subjects in each chapter.  It also includes many of Ansel's own photo's as examples.   The chapters are written for the the novice as well as for the journeyman who want to refresh one's memory on the basics.  The latter chapters get more involved with technical information.  Book 2 and 3, &quot;The Negative&quot; and &quot; The Print&quot;  are eqully well written with an introduction to Ansel's own Zone system.  A must read for serious photographers or the novice interested in advanced techniques and/ or terminology.  Ansel will go down in history not only as a great photographer but teacher and writer as well.  I highly recommend this series to anyone interested in taking better pictures.
B000000WFU|5.0|I heard this music on an  airline commercial, and searched high and low for it until finally tracking it down.  Even though the words are made up, you can almost see yourself being lifted over some magical desert and sailing into a starlit sky.  If you want to chant, meditate, or dream, listen to this music.
B000002L99|5.0|Sammy Hagar moves to a whole new level when joining Van Halen.  I saw them live in 1992, you could see the fun they had the way they interacted with each other.  Eddie taught Sammy of few tricks while they were together too.  You should here Only One Way To Rock with Eddie's guitar mix.  Anyway,  this album continues the &quot;fun&quot; in Van Halen music with &quot;Summer Nights&quot; and just excellent sound with &quot;5150&quot; and &quot;Good Enough&quot; showing Sammy's  vocal growth.  The first in a series of multi platinum albums with Sammy Hagar as vocalist.  Unlike many others, I like David Lee Roth as well,  I felt the change with Sammy was welcome, gave them a fresh sound,  got the creative juices flowing.  David Lee was definately the showman and flaunted it, but I feel Sammy is a better musician.  You can't go wrong with any of the David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar lead albums if your truly a Van Halen fan!
630469654X|5.0|This movie is one of our favorites! Action, humor, romance - and the music is wonderful! Please try it!     END
B000001DYD|5.0|It seems that everything PJ does is some of the best of the genre.  Having original beats and solid lyrics (a rare pair in modern rock), PJ Harvey slits her stomach open, dumping her insides into a nice, shiny little CD.  The industry needs more tough rock women crashing in to trample the Lilith Fair.  But that's just my 2.
B000000WG4|5.0|I wore out the vynal version of this album I loved it so much,it is so powerful and haunting,I don't think anyone can compare to the talents of Mike Oldfield,I believe he is under rated as an artist,and he keeps getting better with each new album he puts out,Voyager is one of them..:)
B000000OPW|5.0|Siouxsie &amp; The Banshees' most &quot;listenably&quot; album, TINDERBOX is filled with uncharacteristically melodic tunes. From &quot;Candyman&quot; to &quot;Cities In Dust&quot; the group seems to be at it's musical peak, creating a variety of beautiful melodies most impressively with &quot;Cannons&quot; and &quot;Party's Fall.&quot; These tracks and the rest of the album has a sort of &quot;larger than life&quot; symphonic quality that had eluded them in the past.<br />Siouxsie Sioux's vocals are also at their all time best, and used to full effect.  It's wonderful to actually hear her soft side and in certain moments on &quot;Party's Fall&quot; one can hear shades of a marvellously rich falsetto that she has never used so expertly.<br />The most inquisitive thing about this album is that although the melodies are light and often hummable, the thematic choices are very much dark and ominous.  From the lava-burned victims of &quot;Cities in Dust&quot; to the terriyingly &quot;hot&quot; &quot;92 Degrees&quot;...the themes chosen by the band seem to disturb rather than uplift (but then again, this is a Gothic band, not The Go-Go's)and this contrast actually compliments, adding a depth to their work that was previously not there.<br />Most importantly, TINDERBOX has a clarity, precision and smoothness that had previously escaped the band and has ever since.  A later album,SUPERSTITION had good moments, but was overall an uneven effort pushed ahead by a succesful single (&quot;Kiss Them For Me&quot;), and an earlier album, HYAENA suffered greatly from a sort of manic-depression, one moment they were burning a house down, the next they were swimming with horses.<br />TINDERBOX lies inbetween, and seems to reflect a stable, strong band that has a definite edge, but still knows how to create an entire album without floundering.<br />Overall their best work to date.
044022165X|3.0|I started reading all Grisham's work with &quot;Client&quot;. This book held me spellbound and after that I became one of Grisham's numerous fans. But the &quot;RainMaker&quot; and &quot;Parter&quot; were somewhat disappointment to me.  The plot is too predictable and the characters are not fascinating as in &quot;Client&quot;.  Maybe, as other readers suspected, Grisham is considering screenplay too much.  If you think you'r passionate fan of Grisham, you'd better try other works.
0060926317|1.0|I read this book with great dismay and white-hot anger.  I am an anthropology graduate student (soon to have my phd) who has worked in Australia for 8 years.  This is about a white woman &quot;mining&quot; her own version of Aboriginal culture for financial gain.  It is an excellent study about the ways in which the West tries to understand it self through using an inaccurate, distored picture of a cultural &quot;other&quot;.  That practice denies Aboriginal people, Native Americans and others who are considered &quot;exotic&quot; and &quot;primitive&quot; by the mainstream, their full humanity.  If you gained something &quot;spiritual&quot; in this book, then you have participated in a system that continues to deny a full and complex humanity to non-Western peoples. The last Pintupi came out of the desert in 1986.  They were not lost. There is no &quot;secret&quot; kin group out in the desert.  To buy into Marlo's vision  is racism, it is colonialism whether it is unde! r oppressive government policies or under the cover of the new age movement.  For Shame!  Underneath it all we are not all the same.  Cultural understanding is difficult, it is hard-work.  Hard work she did not engage in.  Listen to the voices of REAL Aboriginal people.  They write their own books, poetry and make their own films.  You want to know about Aboriginal people?  Then make an effort and listen to their voices not the exploitative, inaccurate voice of Morgan.  Aboriginal people across Australia have organized against her.  Hear Them!  Listen to Them!  Ask Amazon to carry their works.  Do your homework!  Do not take the easy route.  And do not mine other cultures because you feel a &quot;spiritual void.&quot;  That is your problem.  Your uses of other's cultures impacts them.  Aboriginal people, for one, have plenty of struggles of their own (for  social justice, for cultural integrity, for land rights).  Do not make your problems with the modern world one more burden!  for them to solve.They do not owe you that.
B000006OBQ|5.0|It's hard to believe, but Sinatra sounds even better in this live performance than he does on his unbeatable recordings.  The selections on this album are all magnificant, but my favorite is &quot;Fly Me to the Moon.&quot;  Sinatra swings like nobody else, he is in total control of the room, and his voice sounds like aged Jack Daniels and honey.  PLEASE check this out, if you've ever wondered what this &quot;Chairman of the Board&quot; stuff is all about.  At one point, Sinatra joyfully announces that it's  time to wrap things up by exclaiming, &quot;It's boozin' time, baby!&quot; -- he'd like to keep singing, but he couldn't keep his bartender waiting. For all we baby boomers who will never see the man in concert, this CD makes you feel like you were there.
B000001FAK|5.0|I've been truckin' to &quot;...California..&quot; (on 8 track for god sakes) for over 20 years. To find it now on a decent format is a dream come true. Simply a 'moving' piece of music...
067942850X|5.0|I read &quot;Into The Wild&quot; last year while I was studying in Southern Spain.  The experiences I was having are nothing similar to the experiences that the young boy in this book had, nor do I have similar views in life as he.  Yet, the words he wrote to an old man about viewing the world as a continuously changing horizon, and to break away from the ordinary repetitive lifestyle, inspired me to think with a different mind.  Reading this book made me so enthusiastic about finding my own path in life that I read it twice!! I recommend it to anyone who is at the age when they are in search of who they really are and want to be!!!
B000000WCV|2.0|Okay, so I have to admit it.  I own this CD.  I do listen to it from time to time, but that is becoming rare.  The beats were fun and maybe it was just the crazy video for &quot;Around The World&quot; that got me interested.  But enough is enough.  In &quot;Da Funk&quot;, how many times can you hear that one riff before your head explodes or you just have to turn it off?  Give me a break.  They have some good reiffs going, now they just need to get the rest of the songs going.
0135560934|5.0|This book is a handbook for traders and trading enthusiasts.  You get different information from proven masters that help you make money.  Needs an audiotape so that I can listen over and over.
B000000WFU|5.0|If you're into New Age at all, this is the CD for you. Very uplifting and interesting , you won't be able to stop listening. If you liked the Pure Moods CD at all, you can't do without this one.
0345363132|5.0|Well,I cannot recommend this wonderful book enough.  This is one the best books I have ever read, and readers will feel like they are actually living in the world that Penman so vividly recreates.  I was so captivated by the story that I hardly stopped reading the book until I had finished it.  What I love so much about this book is the strong characterisation, some of the betrayals and scenes were so heartbreaking that I actually caught my breath as they were described.  Well, rather than blab on about how wonderful it was  (i'll be here forever), I recommend that all readers try this book for themselves and transport themselves back to Richard III's era!!
B000000WFF|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS A MUST GET THIS ONE AND SPICE.I'M TELLING YOU EVEN IF YOU DON'T LIKE SPICE GIRLS YOU'LL LOVE THIS ALBUM.I THINK THE SPICE GIRLS ARE THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD.THIS ALBUM AND SPICE ARE THE BEST CD'S YOU CAN GET.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is the coolest band! They should be recognized for the genius in all of their music.  nima is their best album by far and I suggest buying it now!!
B000002G1Y|5.0|This was the first John Hiatt album that I bought, and so far it's his best. A wonderful mix of music from the hard title track, the creepy &quot;The Wreck Of A Barbie Ferrari&quot;, and the understated &quot;blue telescope&quot;. This album is one of the best I have ever bought.
0465068359|4.0|As a child, I remember sad  stories from a Catholic none who had been a missionary in China.  For some reason the name Nanking stuck in my mind. This book by Iris Chang brings it all back. A true story which must be brought back to life in order to honor those who suffered attrocities committed by Japanese soldiers during World War II. This book is well written and packed with essential details, photographs and witness accounts. Reading this book finally provides the reader with a different perspective of the Japanese invasion of China.
0446364495|1.0|I just couldn't bring myself to feel sympathy for this woman who on a whim decided to cheat.  She wasn't abused, neglected, ignored or any of the other reasons a person might be expected to experience before looking for an affair.  She was just plain ole bored.  Nothing worth wasting sympathy on.  Can't believe these two people who only saw each other for a brief period could carry the torch the rest of their lives.  The children reading the story and thinking that it was just wonderful without feeling even a little sorry for their father doesn't ring true.  Sorry..can't recommend.
B000002GFU|5.0|To this day, Cat Stevens is still one of my favourite artists. I grew up listening to him and some things just never go out of style.  I own all his CD's, the Complete tab book to all his songs for guitar and Piano, as well as the movie &quot;Harold and Maude&quot; where the soundtrack is all great Cat Stevens songs (It's also a fantastic movie).  This album is one of my favourites.  Some of my favourites include &quot;Longer Boats&quot;, &quot;Into White&quot; and &quot;Sad Lisa&quot;.
0449227421|2.0|Have enjoyed some of Ken Follet's other work, i.e. Eye of the Needle, but this novel felt as though it had been intentionally written as a TV soap. It was thick and syrupy! It follows &quot;A Dangerous Fortune&quot; in it's story telling style. Ken - cut down on the F word, and use the skills you were given....
B000002ULS|5.0|This album reflects the changing tide of British music to a darker side of the lives of ordinary young people. Each song is like a mini novel bound in leather.  My personal favourite track is &quot;Get me away from here, I'm dying&quot; with a close second being &quot;Like Dylan in the movies&quot;. If you're wearing L-Plates as far as this kind of music is concerned then this is the one for you.  It's also one to check out if you're into damn fine music with a bit of a twist!
0671502336|5.0|I have read Catch-22 at least once each year for the past 20 years and every time I do, I find something else that pleases, amuses, and sometimes horrifies me. Someone wrote that the characters were flat and the language too grandiose. Nonsense!
B000002NJS|2.0|As much as i look forward to a day at the beach, I know that every good thing in life has a consequence.  Being a Madonna fan I felt obligated to check out the new release. <br />No matter how much I shifted and pulled I could not get comfortable with her hokey lyrics and stolen rhythms.  <br />don't waste your energy trying to get into it...it won't happen.
B000006O7C|4.0|What can you say about Jeff Buckley?  His amazing voice and uncanny musicianship was a near unmatchable talent.  He had the ability, as shown on this album as well as &quot;Grace&quot;, to write any style of music imaginable in the genre.  But like so many before him, he was gone too soon to be fully appreciated by so many.  <br />That he is gone and unknown to so many is unfortunate, too.  His songwriting held such emotion, but never lacked beauty.  No matter where you turn on the album, his voice haunts the listener and forces it's way into your heart.  A beautiful voice that could do so many things, including make &quot;Back in N.Y.C.&quot; sound great.<br />But the album makes me think about the unfortunate demise of Jeff Buckley whenever I hear &quot;Nightmares By The Sea,&quot; an absolutely wonderful song.  But the title and some of the lyrics almost seem to eerily alude to his passing.  <br />Regardless, a beauty of an album, a great step (although incomplete) from Grace! , and a realization of what the musical community lost when Jeff Buckley lost his life.
0140379851|5.0|I thought that this book was wonderful because it was really funny! I enjoyed whe Matilda played jokes on her parents.
B000002O7C|4.0|This CD is great except that it is way too short. It also excludes the end credits which is probably one of the best songs. Putin's Demise and Course Two-Five-Zero could be much longer also. Red Route I is a highlight of this score.
B000002LRX|4.0|What makes &quot;Angel Dust&quot; so great is that it jumps all over the place. One minute it's heavy metal, then it borders on industrial, goes to rock, then back to metal. This album should have been HUGE!
B000002J20|4.0|This is the album that became the &quot;whipping boy&quot; for critics to vent their hatred of progressive rock. The first two side-long pieces are outstanding and flow like a beautiful musical river. But sides 3 and 4 are where things start to come apart (although each side has its moments). Once the obnoxious tribal drum sections start kicking in on these sides, it's time to reach for the Tylenol. If Bill Bruford had remained in the band, there would have been none of that nonsense...
B000001E21|5.0|Retro-Active was is an excellent collection of covers and unreleased songs.  Although this album was origionally meant to be a collection for their fans, it had two hit singles, &quot;Two Steps Behind&quot; and &quot;Miss You In A Heart Beat&quot;.  What I like most of this album is that the band shows of their excellent technique and the ability to do a variety of music.  This album is also the only album that has both Steve Clark and Vivian Cambell.
B000003S0B|4.0|Following the ground-breaking first album, In The Court Of The Crimson King, this second album by King Crimson was more of the same, yet completely different. Retaining all but one of the original members, the album's first side is chock full of mellotrons, saxes, flutes and Robert Frippian guitar licks, sounding like it could have been Side 3 of the first album. The second side of Poseidon, however, is an altogether different animal. With its jazzy overtones and the &quot;let's see how far we can push the musical envelope&quot; philosophy of Devil's Triangle, side 2 is definitely a precursor of things to come on Lizard and Islands. And like those subsequent albums, Posiedon is an exciting, mysterious musical journey from start to finish...
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard was one of the most popular bands of the 80's.  They were one of the few metal/rock bands to sell tens of millions of records and were on top of the arena rock scene.  This album is a collection of their most popluar music and includes the extremely popluar version of &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot; that is not available on the Hysteria album as well as a new song &quot;When Love and Hate Collide&quot;.  Vault is a must have for all of their fans.
B0000062FL|3.0|&quot;Abraxas&quot; might be my all-time favorite album.  It was one of the first CDs I purchased, back in '85 or maybe '86, and I was horrified at the level of background hiss on the Columbia release!  I returned it and got a refund. Lo and behold, the folks at Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs released a much-improved mastering, withOUT the obtrusive background noise.  Spend an extra ten bucks and get the MFSL version, if you really like this album, as I do!  (It is the only MFSL CD in my collection; typically I refuse to spend that much.)
0394716787|5.0|This book is the best choice for people who spend hours reading about Mistery, and of course, if you like the way Edgar Allan Poe writes, it is your choice.
B000005ZFN|5.0|I might as well say this up front: when I first purchased A Passion Play, lo those many years ago, I loathed it. I'd already been listening to Tull for some time at that point, so it wasn't a matter of simple lack of exposure. Rather, the album was simply more complex, 'deeper' if you will, than my normal fare (even the majority of Tull!), and so I disliked it.<br />As someone once said of King Crimson's album Larks' Tongues in Aspic, &quot;I find myself often returning to this album that I hated the first three times I played it, and now merely dislike intensely. But I know I'll play it again tomorrow, if for no other reason than that I've found albums that are hard to enjoy in the beginning sometimes offer the most rewards and lasting pleasure in the long run.&quot; I could not summarize my feelings toward this album better. Though I would normally be reluctant to give five stars to something (&quot;star inflation&quot; is rife in these online review systems)! , A Passion Play deserves it, even if it takes one hundred plays to realise that fact.<br />It should be noted that one of the disks of Tull's Nightcap is strongly related; The Chateau D'isaster Tapes is basically a set of outtakes from the preliminary recording sessions of A Passion Play, and shares many thematic elements with its descendant. (It is also quite good.)
B0000025NU|5.0|If you want to hear his true gems - not the overworked and overplayed stuff on the Greatest Hits - it's all here. Every one of these songs shows what greats he has on his older albums, even better than &quot;Piano Man&quot; and &quot;New York State of Mind.&quot; The only downside is that &quot;Say Goodbye to Hollywood&quot; is right where &quot;Angry Young Man&quot; should be.
B0000024YL|5.0|An amazing collection of the greatest hits ever recorded by the duo.
0385484518|5.0|After both my parents were killed in a car accident last month, I found this book in my dad's room and began reading it cautiously, fearing it would be way too depressive. It's not.  Morrie's advise is about living, not dying. He speaks about loving and sharing and making life more worthwhile, despite everything.  It's a book about reaching out and about accepting help, and is actually helpful to me in the midst of my grief.
031286504X|4.0|The story flows well.  Not very scary.  The vampires are certainly not Anne Rice's, beautiful and intelligent immortals.  These vampires are diminished and painfully stupid.  However it is worth the buy and holds interest.  The last human on an earth overrun with vampires, it sucks you in . A great weekend read.
038097617X|5.0|Marian Keyes speaks to every women in a language all women know and understand. Her books were sent to me by a friend from a England that I met on holiday in Hawaii. I will be eternally grateful.    I have seldom known the sadness that I felt when I had finished her books and had to face the reality of life without Rachel, Claire and Lucy. There isn't a women alive that won't somehow  identify with Marian Keyes' so colorfully written characters. Love, honor, dysfunction, self hatred,self pity, drug abuse, alcohol abuse,self realization and fulfillment.Did I mention love, sex and lust? That's what is waiting for you!!!!!! All of her books are must reads!!!!!!!!!!! I am like all others who have read her books anxiously awaiting #4. All women owe themselves this read. Ladies we are not alone!!!!!!
B000003NA3|5.0|THE COMPLETE 1961 VILLAGE VANGUARD RECORDINGS is an outstanding album from Coltranes largest transitional period.  To think that just two years prior to that show, he was a straight bopper putting out such albums as GIANT STEPS.  Songs on the Vanguard disks such as Chasin' the Trane, Impressions and India were the clearest signal that Coltrane was an always will be one of the leading pioneers in the jazz field.  Also, featured on this recording is the avant-gard stylings of the late Eric Dolphy.  Dolphy is a sizzling soloist as wll as a seasoned sideman playing with acts such as Coltrane and Charles Mingus.  His bass clarinet and high alto sax provide an extra vehicle for Coltranes tunes to take full shape.  Overall, THE COMPLETE 1961 VILLAGE VANGUARD RECORDINGS is, in my opinion, on of the best collections of Tranes tunes and soul that you can find.  If you already have the single disk master takes that was originally released, you should still purchase this masterpeic! e, it is certainly worth the price.
B000002HPV|5.0|Ok, so she did write a song for Madonna, but I think it was the best Madonna song ever made.  She shows that she still has it.  This Cd has a lot less beat in it than &quot;Post&quot; or &quot;Telegram&quot;, but it is a good median between the two.  &quot;All Is Full Of Love&quot; is a tear-jerker if I ever heard one.  Has Bjork been hurt by someone lately?  &quot;Hunter&quot; &quot;Joga&quot; and &quot;Bachelorette&quot;.  I think I like this depressed side of Bjork as much as I do with Robert Smith.  Definitely a jewel for any Bjork fan.
B000002B30|5.0|This cd spans Bruce from his early days with the E street band to his stadium rocking days in the mid 80's. I really enjoyed the new songs too, &quot;Secret Garden&quot; and &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot; are very good. From the opening chords of &quot;born to run&quot;, this cd will have you hooked.
B000002HH2|5.0|Bjork shows that she's got the beat.  Articulate words from an original voice make this the first of one of the best hi energy CD's I've ever heard.  You don't want to mix the remixes either.
B000003H3M|5.0|Testament has consistently brought us stuff we like, each and every release was something slightly different but still didn't stray from  everyone favorites.  This album reminds me a lot like the best song that ever wrote, 'Disciples Of The Watch'.
B000003S0Z|5.0|Each one of these songs is special.  They make me feel forgotten memories from other lives and worlds.  Brian Eno is a genius.  It inspires me to create.
0060801263|5.0|I recieved A Tree Grows in Brooklyn as a gift for my eleventh birthday, from my dad. I knew it was  a classic, and wanted to read it, even if just to impress my dad. However, I didn't get around to it until I was about twelve and a half. It was one of those books where I would pick it up, read a few pages, then toss it aside, until reading and falling madly in love. I have read this book about  four times, and each time I read it, I feel so.... alive, I guess. Being a teenager (14 now) like Francie, when I read the book I feel as if my emotions have been validated. Once, after reading it on vacation, I had finished it and wandered around the empty cabin, sighing and crying. This is one extremely powerful, beautiful, and emotional book, and -this is a command- you MUST read it. It will send you on an emotional journey, and leave you changed forever.
B000002MZ9|5.0|This is truly a wonderful body of work.  It is every bit as important as the Crazy Horse collaborations of this decade (ie Ragged Glory, Broken Arrow).  The pounding &quot;Act of Love&quot; is reminiscent of &quot;F*!#ckin' Up&quot;.  &quot;Song X&quot;, &quot;Peace and Love&quot;, and &quot;Downtown&quot; are great songs that are played with freshness and vitality.   You can feel the synergism build throughout the entire CD and it reaches its apex during &quot;Throw Your Hatred Down&quot;.  This CD is very special.
0451191935|5.0|The four novellas in 'The Bachman Books' are nothing short of macabre, but in a way that isn't difficult for contemporary readers to envision.  From youth buckling under societal expectation to the sheer madness that money inspires, this collection is gloriously uncomfortable to read becuase it forces you to question your own motivations.<br />I skipped out of work to finish The Long Walk...not out of laziness (ha-ha), but because I was emotionally and physically drained upon completion of this mental marathon.  Kudos to King!  In one hundred years, he'll be hailed as a literary genius.
B000002KCC|5.0|This is Neil's most important body of work.  It reflects his personal losses and tells a haunting story of drugs and the road.  It is also his most cohesive body of work.  Including Whitten's &quot;Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown&quot; was a stroke of genius.  &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot; and &quot;Roll Another Number&quot; are classic rock and roll songs.  If an extraterrestrial came to Earth and wanted to learn about this thing called rock and roll, this album would be a fine choice.
0399143793|2.0|Mr. Child's first crime novel showed promise, though his protagonist conformed to the standard format for such types (and that's all they are): a 20th c. Beowulf  out to slay the dragon (evil force) by virtue of his inborn virtue, clever mind, and brute strength. This second in the series reminds me of all of those second rock albums that never should have been produced.  But the industry required a sequel, and Mr. Child has come up with the proper word count but not much more.  The entire plot premise used here is preposterous and utterly fails to engage the reader's willing suspension of disbelief.  This is shopworn, second-rate stuff.
0441172717|5.0|Between the power of this book and the your soul's quest, enlightenment is sure to come.   Frank Herbert successfully creates a whole new universe, complete with worlds, cultures, religions, and languages.  Following Muad'dib is a journey of the heart, body, and mind as one tastes new civilizations as ancient as time itself.  I would recommend this to anyone and everyone as it has become to be my favourite book of all time.
1573226521|2.0|The book starts out interestingly enough, but halfway through you realize it's all been a set up for nothing.  I realize the author was trying to make a statement about the values of western life, but instead has written a terrribly boring novel.  The plot is razor-thin, the characters are character-less and the supposed insight winds up not really saying anything at all.  A big disappointment.
0425152251|4.0|Reading Sophie's World means you will not be likely to let it go. In a easy way, the author leads us to a very exciting and worthy trip: the human thought. And we find out that anyone can be a thinker! Meantime, a parallel story is told and perhaps this is the coolest thing on the book. It's interesting the means by which Jostein Gaarder can proof that maybe our world is nothing but a dream, such as Sophie's own history. However, when the book reveals its secrets and another story is told, the author seems to lose the control of it, and the story gets a little poor and even childish. That's why it deserves 4 stars.
B000001ESP|5.0|This album changed my life. Enough said?
B000002I99|3.0|This was the first album I ever bought, and I loved it. Of course, I was a 14 year old boy at the time. It was fun to revel in the weirdness (&quot;Cold Ethyl&quot; -- &quot;She's cool in bed. There she ought to be, cause Ethyl's dead.&quot;) But ultimately Alice Cooper was safe, because you knew he didn't take this stuff seriously. Listen for the reference to Donnie Osmond on &quot;Department of Youth&quot; or the classic narration by Vincent Price on &quot;Black Widow.&quot; The biggest hit off this album was &quot;Only Women Bleed.&quot; The sentiment were probably more appropriate for the man-hating 90's than on this collection but it proved that even Alice Cooper could be politically correct. A few of the tunes were a waste of recording studio time (Steven, Some Folks)but if you have a teen age son whom you can't relate to, give him this CD and and listen to something from his Marilyn Manson collection ... maybe you'll find a connection.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is a great satire of World War II pilots who experience the trauma of the life of a bombadier.  This novel gives a unique look on the realities of war, combining humor and harsh reality.  This classic is a book that will delight all modern war heroes and scholars alike.  If you liked Saving Private Ryan -- try this book.
0446310786|5.0|This is quite possibly the best book I have ever read.  The story follows the coming-of-age of Scout and Jim, a sister and brother who are raised by their father in the south.  Their father, a lawyer, is given the task of defending a black man accused of raping a white girl.  Through this trial and their own adventures, the children learn about prejudice and misunderstanding.<br />Because the story is told from Scout's point-of-view, the reader can see the prejudice from a child's perspective.  This very effective tactic makes the prejudices seem more apparent and less logical.  Furthermore, Lee makes her point without being preachy.  The numerous lessons in this book should make it required reading for everyone.
B000002OZY|5.0|I am still a young boy, and I enjoy playing the silver ball.  I have listened to seveal different albums from the Who and I can say that I've enjoyed them all.  Once I heard Tommy I had to have it.  I think that it has to be one of the best complete albums ever.  I now look forward to buying Quadrophenia.
0670880728|5.0|I love British culture and humor and as a single, American 30-something, living in Washington, DC -- I related entirely!  From e-mail messages to diary entries -- Fielding's novel is a great read!  I laughed reading page after page.  I'm looking forward to a sequel -- &quot;Another Year in the Life of Bridget Jones.&quot;
0875428940|5.0|Ms. Wood brings the Tarot to brilliant life in this deck.  Her people are distinct individuals, not cookie-cutter copies with only a few faces.  I'm learning the cards from Robin Wood.  Since I got her deck, I've barely touched any others.
0670880728|2.0|After hearing so much about this book, I couldn't wait to read it.  However, I must say that I was disappointed.  The story is entertaining, albeit a bit far-fetched.  The style is not quite like a diary.  In fact, it's almost like a knock-off of the Adrian Mole Diaries (which are far superior).  The jacket said that is being made into a film by the people who made &quot;Four Weddings and a Funeral.&quot;  I think that the story might be better in that format.
1567405568|5.0|I have read quite a few fantasy novels. Everthing published by Terry Brooks (Shanarra series), Raymond Feist, David Eddings (Mallorian and Belgariad series), Robert Jordan (Wheel of Time series), Even the series about the guy with the white gold ring Don't remember author White Gold weilder (it was not very good) and others. Terry's books are awesome! I read strictly for the enjoyment and the wonder of being lost in a magical world. Terry's books do this wonderfully. For those that would claim that it is a copy of WOT series (Wheel of Time), both series have similarities but BOTH series are worth the money even in hard back. Terry has said that he doesn't read other fantasy stuff, so any similarities are coincidental. I have very disriminating taste, and Terry's series is one of the best I have read. My favorites are Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series, David Eddings series (Belgariad and Mallorian) and Terry's Sword of Truth series. For those of you reading this revie! w to decide whether or not to buy this series... Ignore the \\"Oh my God, you should burn those books,picket TOR publishing, write your congressman, go on a fast, shout to the top of your lungs curse words because it is too much like Robert Jordans books\\" ... Ignore them. It is a great series that I have RE-READ as much as Jordan's series.
0670880728|5.0|Even though I've still got a ways to go till I'm 30-something I thought it was a great book.  You do have to know a bit of British humor and slang, but if you don't it can make it more funny.  I thought it was great and I didn't want it to end.  I think the movie version woud be hilarious.
0684874350|5.0|For the 3 days i spent reading this heart-rending book, my heart was gripped by the family's rage and desperation.  i was no longer the objective reader, the impassive outsider, i was drawn in to feel like one of the family-- mind-numbingly poor victims of alcoholism, fleas, hunger, and cold.   Makes you wonder if hope is a fantasy or a drug in communities like Limerick where there are as many churches as pubs.   i marvel at the human spirit's ability to survive despite all adversity.
0425152251|5.0|I recently read Sophie's World for as a summer reading book for my 10th grade honors English class.  I couldn't put it down!  After having more or less learned of all those philosophers and their places in history in my freshman history class, I found very interesting to learn of each one in detail.  The novel intertwined with the non-fiction just adds to the marvelous book.  I highly recommend this one!
0553573403|5.0|Really an exciting and riveting book.  I love books by Raymond Feist, Robert Jordan, and the like.  This book was recommended to me at Kepler's Bookstore in Palo Alto, just a little note on the shelf, like at a wine store.  The heroes were believable, the villains were not hopeless fiends, well maybe one or two were over the top.  Very enjoyable and I look forward to April 1999 when the sequel is rumored to come out.
0767802519|5.0|This was the first film that I saw by Luc Besson. Despite the US title, it is and will always be Leon.<br />The opening scenes literally set the scene, with pace, timing, colour, viewpoint - everything a director should know Besson knows and gives to us here. I'm watching the DVD as I write.<br />Jean Reno is superb as Leon, the utilmate human killing machine. Death on two legs, he'll kill anything but women and children. And they're just what is missing in his life - women and children.<br />When Mathilda, played so abley by Nathalie Portman, is orphaned by Stansfield (Gary Oldman) and his men, Leon is drawn into an unlikely relationship. Whilst demanding revenge for her younger brother Mathilda becomes the woman and child that Leon's life has lacked.<br />Besson plays close to the edge with Leon and Mathilda, but he doesn't cross the line. This is not in the mold of Lolita, there's no paedophile subtext. It's a man discovering the family he never knew that he needed.<br />Visually s! uperb, and with a soundtrack by Eric Serra, this is one of my favourite films. I have it  in pan and scan VHS, wide screen VHS, and DVD. How much more endorsement can I give it.<br />Just watch it!     END
0553573403|5.0|At last, a different approach in Fantasy!!!!<br />Most fantasy is characterized by a main figure that meets friends, they split up and each has its own adventure. That is the way that fantasy is written in books of 500 or more pages. It seems to be a race of who writes the thickes volumes, no matter the content. Characters are flat, do not evolve, good guys are good, bad is bad. Eddings is a good example of creating such boaring characters. This story is something completely different. Its changing perspective is a refreshing way of showing how people experience the dawning of a new era. Its full of intrigues and it shows a feeling of how political interests are evaluated.<br />In the reviews I saw many comparisons with Robert Jordan. Although I appreciate Jordan's epic Wheel of Time, this book is of another level. This is absolutely the best I have read in years when it comes to fantasy. I'm looking forward to the next episode!!
0670880728|5.0|I enjoyed every page.  It is laugh out loud funny and touching at the same time.  Anyone that enjoys Jane Austin's take on love and manners will enjoy this 90's take on the same.  I look forward to more by this author.
0440224764|5.0|While other readers have commented about their disappointment in the ending of The Partner, I thought the ending was just right. ... I couldn't put this book down!
B0000020C4|5.0|This cd is probably la creme de la creme of the many recordings of Les Miserables. The only recordings that compare to it are the original French Concept recording and the Original Broadway Cast recording, featuring my favorite Tony Award Winners Michael Maguire and Frances Ruffelle. Many of the other recordings often have a few excellent singers, but every now and then you run into a singer who you're not particularly fond of on the recording. This cd features an all-star cast, each one perfect in their role. Les Miserables is an incredibly powerful musical, it has the power to grab you emotionally. Whether expressing the morn of a poor, beaten teenager who is experiencing unrequited love, or the anger and spirit of a young revolutionary, this music has the power to show feelings that each of us has felt at one time. The music is beautiful, and in my opinion, is the best musical in the world. You will not be disapointed if you buy this cd, I guarantee that you will ado! re on the first listening. I did.
B000001DU5|5.0|What can you say about these classics? Start with the fact that one-third of the tracks on this album were Top 3 singles. Those 4 classic singles, &quot;Everybody Wants to Rule the World&quot;, &quot;Shout&quot;, &quot;Head over Heels&quot;, and &quot;Sowing the Seeds of Love&quot;, are obviously meant to be the centerpiece of this CD, but every track is a gem. From their first album are 3 songs that hit the Top 10 all over Europe but didn't make it in the US and reveal the darker, more synthesizer-driven early years. Then there's the middle period &quot;Songs from the Big Chair&quot; album, which spawned 2 No. 1's, both of which appear here, and the terrific &quot;Mothers Talk&quot; and subtle but effective &quot;I Believe.&quot; The later years before the breakup are well documented as well, with the beautiful &quot;Woman in Chains&quot; and the jaunty and delightful &quot;Advice from the Young at Heart.&quot; Every track on here is great, whether it be a classic piec! e of the sound that helped define the 80's or an underappreciated album track.  Definitely a worthwhile buy.
0345347951|5.0|I read this book three months ago and am already re-reading it.  Problems first, praise later.  The Overlords, while cool, know so much about human culture. Even monitering our radio broadcasts, they'd make mistakes.  Also Clarke uses cheap religious symbolism.  Couldn't the Overlords form be more original? Also, when the Overlords come, the world gives up it's independance overnight. It's really engaging though, and I was just nitpicking.  If you enjoy science fiction, especially Arthur C. Clarke, read this book.  (I'm happy for the introduction though.  Otherwise, the ending might have made me believe Arthur C. Clarke believed that.)
B000001DYY|5.0|Still using the name Tears for Fears, Roland proves he can make it happen solo on &quot;Elemental.&quot; The hit single here is the incredibly catchy &quot;Break It Down Again&quot;, but that's only the beginning. The next best tracks are at the end:  &quot;Power&quot; is very well done, as is the Beach Boys homage &quot;Brian Wilson Said&quot; and &quot;Goodnight Song&quot;, a tribute to the joys of live performance. Also of note are the great title track, the melodic &quot;Cold&quot;, and the softer sound of &quot;Mr. Pessimist.&quot; Every track on this one is great, though, proving that even if he's not burning up the charts with every single, this guy can still make some great music.
0345349571|5.0|Never has the concept of history repeating itself come to life so strongly for me.  It's beauty is the completeness of it's content.  Those looking for a romantic trip through medieval castles may be disappointed by the dark, complex and chaotic reality detailed within.  Definitely not a beach book!
B000001G16|5.0|When hearing this CD I can't help to be taken away into another world.  Richie sambora has an awesome way of bringing together rock and blues in to a  sultry hot CD.  It is ashame that he only has one other solo project called &quot;Undiscovered&quot; and that too is a keeper. This CD &quot;Stranger In This Town&quot; is a must get for your collection.
B000006NPY|1.0|I've loved the &quot;Pumpkins&quot; since the beginning, But unfortunatly The Smashing Pumpkins &quot;Adore&quot; compared to The Smashing Pumpkins anything is anemic, bland, milquetoast muzac. Save your money and buy the CD single Ava Adore.  The Smashing Pumpkins have a lot of self-redemption to do before I buy another of their CD's.
B000002LFU|5.0|Released on election day 1988, &quot;Green&quot; is something of a portentous milestone in modern rock: here was a &quot;quirky&quot; band whose signing to a major label (Warner Bros.) from an &quot;indie&quot; label (IRS) was an indication of a mighty shift in popular music. Although some fans were insulted by the switch to a major label, no one heard their cries over the obnoxious peals of god-awful metal solos emanating from Mtv; the late eighties was The Age of Butt-Rock, and the political decisions of some little college-band-that-could simply had no impact on the rest of the free world. <br />Or so they thought. &quot;Green&quot;, with its biggest hit &quot;Stand&quot; hitting high on the charts, suggested that perhaps big hair and pyrotechnics weren't a necessary part of pop music, and the album now stands as a testament to REM's persistence and, ultimately, their impact on the direction modern rock took in the early 90's. The &quot;alternative&quot; revolution was ! little more than punk energy melding with college quirk, and these days your average pop music fan laughs --openly and freely-- at those fools with big hair and ripped jeans. &quot;Green&quot; was an omen of good things to come, fully three years before anyone else realized what those good things might be.<br />It's also an interesting album musically. There's a high quirk factor (lead singer Michael Stipe's lyrics are as abstract as ever), but also sweet chiming of acoustic guitars and mandolins. It's a gentle album, and not nearly as schizophrenic as &quot;Lifes Rick Pageant.&quot; It's a good listen, a great album for drives (I'd imagine especially in the southern US, although I don't have emperical evidence of this) or for hot, humid summer nights. It's a quiet album --one could almost call it &quot;innocent&quot;-- but its subtlety rocked the music industry to its foundations.
0425129586|5.0|This was and always will be my favourite book.  The way it unfolds, the setting, the characters...everything was perfect.  I began to read it after I bought it one evening so I would have something to read on my way to our family's summer vacation, and I read it in a night...a week before we left!  After that, I read the play, and I am telling you people...it's short, scary, and if you've never read a book in your life...read this!!
6302800897|5.0|Preminger's 'Anatomy of a Murder' has stood the test of time.  The black and white cinematography remains superb; Ellington's score a reminder of how film music has lost atmosphere and style, and the direction completely engaging and focusing.  James Stewart, stalwart as ever, convinces as the humane and vulnerable attorney, and Lee Remick shines as the teasing, taunting rape-victim-or-not -- a fabulous portrait of complexity and range.  George C Scott has the Mount-Rushmore grandeur of a figurehead of legal absolutness, and Eve Arden comments sagely in her secretarial capacity.  At 160 minutes, you might think it's a long haul.  In fact it's a centred journey into stylistic, haunting movie-making.  Very engaging.     END
0767802659|4.0|This movie is my new all time favorite &quot;no story but total action&quot; movie of all time.  From the very begining...and i mean the very begining, there is none stop action. There is sex, fighting, bugs, explotions...everything a good action movie needs and more!!! Well worth the buy. Its one of those rare movies you can watch more than once in a short span of time.     END
B000002NFM|5.0|For all those stupid critics out there, I say that if you don't like the album you'd be better off deaf because this album is the best &quot;The Prodigy&quot; have produced yet, and all the other Electronic bands should try and take this album as an example of how their music should be.
0790733226|3.0|The movie was very good. It was entertaining..err for the most part (there were a few dull moments). The characters seemed realistic, though the main character was too goody goody and nice. As for the story, it had somed great parts in it but was on average just good. One thing was that I was expecting a scifi-ish  movie. This was sorta more of a melodrama that  made comments about human nature. The story was somewhat fast near the end but the ending was totally disapointing!! They don't tell you anything what so ever. Don't get me wrong. I don't want everything explained to me..in fact i hate it sometimes, but this was just..lame. Personally, it was a good movie that got undeserved raves.     END
0201626632|3.0|There is some useful advice for a PhD or near-Phd wanting to enter a career in academia. However, at times this book is extremely condescending . For instance, he assumes that most current young PhD's have never written a grant proposal, and this is certainly FAR from the case in my field. He also seems to assume we dont know how to give a talk or conduct ourselves in a real interview.<br />On the whole, the book is great for the neophite, or very naive new PHD, but is somewhat lacking in practical advice for more sophisticated post-doctorals, looking for their first &quot;real&quot; job.
B000002B30|5.0|This CD has all the good songs, and then some.  You get &quot;Secret Garden&quot; without the Jerry McGuire dubbed-in voices, the Academy Award winning &quot;Streets of Philadelphia,&quot; and nearly half of the album &quot;Born in the USA.&quot;  If you are a diehard Springsteen fan, you need to own this.  If you like his music but don't know which albums to buy, get this one.  I promise you won't be disappointed.
B000000W5L|5.0|Almost every review you read of a newly released &quot;great&quot; album will include a comparison to Exile on Main Street, and this epic recording certainly deserves the praise. Not as consistent as the Beatles' best recordings (Abbey Road, Sgt. Pepper), but rougher, edgier, and generally more interesting. Buy it now- it's worth every penny.
0140186409|5.0|I've been rereading The Grapes of Wrath, still stunned by how great it is. After reading some of the reviews below, I get angry that people cannot grasp the effect the book has. YES, the depression  was depressing, YES, there was a lot of description, YES, it might not make you feel really great about that time in America, but God, isn't that's what great literature is supposed to do- take you to a place you would never know about and tell you what it was like? I don't want to sound condescending, but not every book is a romp in the park, and The Grapes of Wrath is one of them.
B000002C1Z|5.0|This album could almost be seem as commi! Attacking conservatism on all sides, Waters' anger can literally be heard on what, in my opinion, is a better album than Dark Side.. I suppose the downside is that Waters went on to believe that he was so much the dominant force..... Well, that's history. For you American fans, the reference &quot;Hey, you Whitehouse&quot; on Pigs three different ones, refers to Mary Whitehouse. She was the chairman (or chairperson) of a pressure group in the UK called the viewers and listeners association. They lobbied to enforce decency in the media. No-one has heard of her now, of course, but in the late 70s... Anyway, I think it ironic that when Pink Floyd produced this album the punks all slammed the group; and PF were were the ones crying out against the establishment. Sometimes you can't win.
079072961X|5.0|This movie rocks. It is the few movies out there that you can watch over and over and never get sick ot it.     END
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is the best book I have ever read.  I think that most who endure such poverty are either not well educated enough to write about it, or do not live to tell the story.  The honesty is apparent without being sensational.  I believe the book will eventually become required reading for school children.  How refreshing to read something so honest and so well written.
B000002C1X|5.0|I believe this is more than a collection of songs. I believe the group has taken you into the mind of someone on a &quot;downhill slide&quot;, so to speak. There are alot of people who are confused by the album ( even more by the movie ). I think it is a story, that just happens to be put to music. Without getting too &quot;deep&quot;, I believe it chronicles the spiral of depression. Get a book on depresion, read it, then watch the movie again or listen to the album. I truly believe it will give you a new view of the film. If you liked it before, you will be amazed when you compare the songs to what happens with depresion. Read about the third stage of depresion then listen to comfortably numb!!! We all have our own walls to some extent, I believe that is why this album has been so well recieved for close to 20 years now.Once again Floyd has managed to put emotions to music.
B000002J1M|5.0|For anyone that has listened to Nursery Cryme and liked it, this is an album that really must be heard. It's very similar in many ways. First, there's a mysterious fairy tale type imagery that prevails in the lyrics. Second, the longer tracks work best. In NC, the band is allowed through Musical Box to develop a track to a much greater depth that some of their shorter works. In Foxtrot, Supper's Ready gets Genesis to see this through to an even greater extent. True, the 25 minute piece can give the impression of a number of shorter works strung together. However, they fit together pretty seamlessly and contribute to what is undoubtedly one of the groups' greatest works. Side one, which nobody seems to comment on too much, is quite Nursery Crymeish. It has a couple of ballards, but Watcher of the Skies is pretty heavy, with lots of guitar riffs (mainly bass), again being one of their more notable songs. Oh, and finally even the artwork for the cover is very similar to Nu! rsery Cryme. All in all, certainly one of their best.
630460288X|4.0|This movie is funny as well as action packed. Stalone does a fairly decent acting job along with  Snipes. The plot is kinda stupid but the movie is a blast. Total entertainment. There is great figthing scenes... A good buy.     END
B0000028PL|4.0|there are some downright dirty and nasty guitar licks here(&quot;I'll never be satisfied&quot;), some serious riffage(track 6, I forget the song name), some humor(&quot;bi&quot;), and some ambience(&quot;nothingness&quot;). This is probably their best work. There is some experimentation with loops, and programming, but that doesn't take away from the hard edge. The last song, &quot;The Wall&quot; starts out a normal song, but then gets all chaotic. It's really crazy, but its good stuff.
B0000073BG|5.0|Why this album is listed as an import is a bit of a mystery to me. Several of Renaissance's albums are US releases, but not this one? Well, at least it's pretty decently priced. Anyway, this has got got to be one of the best albums of it's day, at least as far as progressive rock is concerned. Undoubtedly the high point of Renaissance's career, the album consists of 3 tracks that were originally on the first side with the title track that was on the other. The great point about this CD is that there are no weak songs. Scheharzade is the showpiece for the work; it's a group effort and although different members contribute to different parts it fits together really well. The Young Prince and Young Princess is a highlight of this section. The first part consists of strong songs; perhaps the best is Ocean Gypsy. I have introduced this song to various friends and relatives and it has always converted them to followers of the group. I would say that this album, with the possi! ble exception of Live At Carnigie Hall, is the perfect place to get to know the music of Renaissance.
1558908323|3.0|This movie was sorta wierd. First, the acting was good. Mira Survino and the others did a fine job. The story's mood is right for its plot. It usually dark and gloomy. There is alot of blood in some parts but if you know what this movie is about, you'd expect it. Its aa good horror/action movie. It kinda grossed me out though :-) Alot of bugs and slimy things everywhere. Over all...good movie.     END
B000002KIE|1.0|OK, it got people to challenge the &quot;established&quot; musicians at the time. Good; but like all revolutions did it replace the establishment with a better alternative. Perhaps; a lot of very talented groups and individuals sprung out of what the Sex Pistols did. But a good album? I don't think so. Characterised by very simple guitar chords and a singer with no vocal range but an ability to howl into a microphone in an aggressive manner, the Sex Pistols represented an anti progressive movement. And they did pretty kill off this movement, for better or worse. But whilst, say, Yes, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, etc., were the antichrists as far as the sex pistols went, musical ability was replaced by no musical ability. I listened to this album as little as five years after it came out. It sounded just as it was meant to; a bunch of talentless musicians with a raw sound.
6304765231|5.0|I love this movie. I have it and watch it almost every chance I get. First of all, if you like dark  movies, this is for you. Entire thing is at night with dark, realistic characters..(except for the coming back from dead thing). Brandon Lee is superb and his death and appsence from the sequel is probably what made it horrible. The soundtrack is one of the best and DVD does is justice.  The story line is very compeling. Its a rare drama/emotional/action movies. If you can by only one movie while your here....make it this one.     END
B000002UAU|5.0|I know how often this album has been described as I have described it above, but that doesn't make it any less true.<br />This album transports you into its own world like no other ever-you don't feel like you're listening to an album, but instead experiencing music like never before and the album really becomes a part of you.  It's absolutely incredible in every way.<br />One note, though-as incredible as it is in its original track order, I find it all the much better as it was originally intended; in this order: tracks 1, 2, 7, 5, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. Try it and you'll see what I mean.
6304490119|4.0|This is a very good movie. It mixes aspects of ancient earth mysteries (Eygpt) to the future and distant planets.  The characters are well done from Kurt Russels messed up commando routine to the rest.  The settings of the stories are well done. One might wonder how a desert terrain can be fun to look at, but the director did a superb job of including monuments and sites ...besides, the desert is sort of a character in the movie itself. Though the story is far fetched (ancient egyptians  taken to a distant planet to be slaves), the movie is a lot of fun top watch.  If you want a good movie with no brain teasing plots, this is for you.     END
B0000035E7|3.0|There are some good songs on here, such as &quot;Love Buzz,&quot; &quot;About a Girl,&quot; &quot;Negative Creep,&quot; and &quot;Downer.&quot;  However, Nevermind and In Utero are magnificent albums that make you want to listen to them again and again while Bleach is just something to round off your collection if you want every Nirvana album.
0784010188|4.0|This movie was very good. Though the story was a bit lame...the usual &quot;human kind is gonna die, someone needs to save it&quot;, the action was fast paced and very fullfilling. The main character, the terminator, needed no special acting skills other than one expresion (good thing for Arnold). Just one thing...its one of those paradox things...If they prevented the future from happening the way they did, then   how did the terminator come back in time if they never exsisting?  The DVD format did the movie justice. It brought out the color and effects the VHS version could not. The sounds and explotions were mush more well defined also.     END
B000003TA4|5.0|Best album of the '90s?  I don't know because that's always hard to say and the decade isn't even over yet.  However, it's certain that it'll be in the top five when people look back at the '90s.<br />The music influenced by this album has become such a part of the present music scene, it's easy to forget how innovative the songs off this album were at the time.  Nobody had ever really seen anything like the awesome songs on Nevermind.<br />And, unlike Bleach, Cobain showed on this album that he could do both hard and soft stuff, which I think is essential for any post-'60s group to have an enduring influence and popularity.<br />All in all, a must for anyone who listens to music.
0802713319|5.0|Simon Singh's Fermat's Enigma is a very elegant book that accomplishes several difficult tasks:  it acts as a brief history of number theory, explains the culture of the world of mathematicians, and acts as a window looking into the personal struggle of Andrew Wiles as he spends seven years attempting to solve a 350 year old riddle. This book is very accessible for non-mathematicians, and is the type of book that can inspire a young person who is mathematically inclined to become a mathematician -- similar to how Andrew Wiles himself became a mathematician. I particularly liked the portraits of the famous mathematicians who contributed to the proof over the period of time involved: Euler, Galois, Taniyama, Shimura, etc. The book is very nicely written; one never finds the book to be jarring or difficult to read.  In its small format it is over 300 pages long, but it reads very quickly (less than 5 hours for me).  The appendices contain some very elegant, simple explanat! ions of mathematical proofs.  The manner in which the subject is made accessible is a testimony to the author's literary as well as technical skill -- something this easy to read must have been exceptionally difficult to write.   Well worth reading, very high on my personal list.
B000002UB3|5.0|Even though I think Sgt. Pepper's is their best album (and the best album ever), this one is certainly not too far behind.  Every song is a masterpiece (even &quot;Her Majesty&quot;-great little commentary) and makes you want to listen to it again and again.<br />&quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer,&quot; &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy),&quot; and &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money,&quot; are favorites, but the songs from &quot;Because&quot; on crush the rest of the album.  When it comes to beautiful songs, nothing can match &quot;Because&quot; or &quot;Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End.&quot;  <br />The album is full of classics that will never sound dated.  Every Beatles fan and music lover should definitely get this CD.
0517548232|5.0|Excellent! For years this has been the one book I would recommend to anyone interested in Economics. Hazlitt states that \\"the art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.\\" He then goes on to apply his art to issue after issue. It is such a magnificent production that it is little wonder it has been in print for over 50 years. Hazlitt's book was a large part of the inspiration for my own book, The Concise Guide to Economics.
B000002UDB|5.0|Sure it isn't Sgt. Pepper's or Abbey Road, but I can't understand why people so look down upon this album.  I think it is very good, with the possible exception of &quot;Baby You're a Rich Man.&quot;  And one thing should be remembered, for any other band this would be by far their best album-it just isn't quite up to the masterpieces the band was putting out around this time.<br />I recommend it very highly.
630416923X|5.0|This is the best Beatles video reference made, because it's from the Beatles.  Very in-depth, and through     END
B000002HRE|1.0|This is the worst excuse for a metal album I have ever heard in my life.It is because of this album,and Load that Metallica is no longer my favorite band.If you haven't heard it yet,don't even listen to it because it will make you loose a lot of respect for Metallica.
1558216340|5.0|I first read this book in the 60's, when my father handed it to me saying, &quot;You should read this&quot;. He had never (and has never since) done this. It was long out of print, but since the 60's, I have reread the book several times - scouting out old copies in used bookstores. At one time I owned 2 copies - one for lending, one for myself. I am thrilled to see this monument to the resiliancy of the human spirit back in print.
B000002H33|5.0|Every song on it is well worth listening to.This album is the first Metallica album I ever bought as it also gave me alot of respect for the band.It is a need to have album for any metal head like me!
0060168366|1.0|It is difficullt to swallow a purported &quot;history&quot; of the American people that extols the virtues of Harding, Coolidge and Nixon as first rate presidents at the same time as it castigates Franklin Delano Roosevelt as a &quot;bad&quot; president.  It becomes more difficult when these and other outlandinsh revisonist concepts are offered in the context of a badly researched book.  For one who attempts to write a history of the American people to  confuse and combine the identities of Confederate Generals Albert Sidney Johnston and Joseph Johnston shows that the author just doesn't have a real grasp of his subject. This is one of several factual errors that are annoying to the knowledgeable reader, an annoyance that is compounded when the book moves into the 20th century and presents a point of view that just doesn't make sense.<br />This book is bad history.
B000000H5J|5.0|This album has an interesting sound that nobody could ever forget.It is smart,creative,and as I said before,unforgetable sound.
031218087X|2.0|It is disappointing to be so consistently disappointed in the glowing promises of &quot;lightning paced thrills&quot; awaiting me beyond the flyleaf. If real lightning were paced in accordance with the action in this book it would never reach earth. Becker's handy trails of coincidences were about as hard to follow as tracking an elephant through snow while grasping it's tail. And Susan was so predictable so as to be compared with the countless &quot;cookie cutter&quot; heroines so prevelant in recent fiction. The rest of the characters followed faithful suit. The only satisfaction I got was returning it to the library and in the fact that I hadn't bought it. My unsolicited advise to the author is, &quot;Don't give up your regular job.&quot;
B000002PCS|5.0|The film itself was beautiful, but the music was breathtaking. Somewhere in Time is an exquisite piece of music. Each note is filled with sadness and forgotten joy. The notes together paint a haunting and melancholy scene of love lost. This CD will bring tears to your eyes and remind you of beautiful, but long forgotten memories of love and the happiness that comes with it .
B000002GEV|5.0|If you love Supertramp, this album is a 'Must Have'.  I bought it in 1974 when it first came out and I am still playing it! This album sold over 2 millions copies here in Canada before the CD even came out at a time when the population was about 20 millions!  I think that says a lot.
0425163407|2.0|This New York Times Bestseller gets two stars because I enjoyed the first 66% of the book.  The last third was terrible.  The ending does not fit.  What happened to Ring?  She spent more time describing the military transport aircraft than Wingo's death.  I'm also getting tired of the use of two dimentional homophobe characters to validate Lucy's homosexuality.
B000002GD9|5.0|AFTER THE MASTERPIECE AND FOREVER CLASSIC ROCK ALBUM-&quot;CRIME OF THE CENTURY&quot;, SUPERTRAMP HAD A REAL TOUGH JOB TO ACOMPLISH-TO COME UP WITH THEIR NEXT ALBUM! THEY DID IT IN SUCH AN UNIQUE AND SUBTLE AY THAT ITS HARD TO FIND ANY WEAKNESS. PROBABLY THEIR BIGGEST MISTAKE WAS NOT TO THINK ON SUCCESS, WHICH LEAD THEM TO MAKE A RECORD FOR SOME INDIVIDUALS AND NOT FOR THE MASSES.
B000002UJQ|4.0|This album is definitely a great one.  It was on many critic's lists of best of the year.  It's on there for a good reason.  It's unique.  There's no others out there quite like it.  The songs are brilliant, and I don't give it 5 stars because I don't like all of the songs.  My favorite song is &quot;No Surprises.&quot;  I love that song.
B000001EAQ|4.0|this album is good overall, but not the best album of u2. for those who are nostalgic for u2's 80s this would be unwelcomed. it's not too disappointing though that they have shown an improvement compared to the previous low rated album 'zooropa'. the style of this album is basically similar to zooropa but including more trip hop flavor. i don't have a favorite in this album though songs like 'do you feel loved','mofo' generate incredibly amazing sounds.
B000002HIK|5.0|This CD is easily his best...or atleast in the top selection. His ambient sounds join with some interesting new sounds...this CD is a must for any Ambient-Techno fan!!!!!!!
0425129616|5.0|For those of you like me, a person who has read almost all of Christie's work and just now turning to the book that started it all, you will feel a sort of nostalgia.  Poirot is at his most delightful in this book, Hastings at his most cocky-turned-bumbling self, and the cast of characters the epitome of classic mystery.  <br />The Mysterious Affair also proves that Christie knew from the start what made a mystery shocking and complex.  The plot structure, one that has been used in at least one other book, is one of the more ingenious takes on mystery writing.  It is only second to that which was used in The Murder of Roger Ackroyd and Endless Night. <br />I can find nothing wrong with this book.  While not the best out of her work, this is certainly a very good example of Golden Age mystery--it virtually defines the term.  A perfect example for those searching for Golden Age and all Christie/mystery lovers.
B000002HGD|5.0|Moby's &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot; features a stunningly diverse mix of musical genres. Listeners seeking an example of the best sounds techno has to offer need look no further than the superb dance tracks on this album, particularly &quot;Feeling So Real&quot; and &quot;Every Time You Touch Me.&quot; The other songs on the album are also wonderful and bear all the hallmarks of a master at the top of his form. This disc is one of the unrecognized classics of the nineties.
006016848X|1.0|Though John Gray does offer a couple of interesting insights, I consider the majority of this book junk that is unfit for reading.  I found his writing style simplistic and insulting.  And his attempts NOT to stereotype the sexes is a failure.  I found this book very sexist, overly-simplistic, and perpetuating arguable oppresive gender roles.  Obviously, it is also very heterosex-centered.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
B0000024K1|5.0|This album is one of my alltime favs.  It's funky.  It's rockin'.  It's full-on P.E.  And it's got a REAL message.  Don't even try to compare this album to any other P.E. album.  If you haven't heard it (and you probably have heard parts because it has been sampled by dozens of other artists - probably more than any other single rap album!) you are without a doubt missing out.  Every song kicks a**!  If you are a music fan, do yourself a favor and check it out.
B000005HNQ|4.0|For folks who liked the previous disc, Mandylion, they will find this release a worthy succesor to that gem.  The first few tracks of the disc come across as more pensive and mellow.  Clearly, a major label would seldom allow a band to put the more energetic tracks in the middle.  Anneke, the vocalist, is in fine form throughout most of the album giving the listener an aesthetically palatable compliment to the fat, mid-paced riffs that show up in &quot;Third Chance&quot; and &quot;Kevin's Telescope&quot;. And yet the mellower tracks offer something more than the usual psychedelic noodling that plagues this genre.  Fans of more technical playing bands will probably snub this work but for the new wave of fans of ambient metal these songs are not to be missed!  I can't end this review without mentioning how good the percussion sounds in the midst of such a good caliber of ensemble players that make up this band.  Clearly a band of more inexperienced or egotistical players ! would have had a hard time pulling off a production like this.  I can't wait to hear this band in a live setting!
B000005EJL|4.0|Another impressive effort from Supertramp whose Logical Song would hold the key to many a listeners' hearts and would also underline the import of the songs in this album.
B000002UAR|5.0|As I've said in my other reviews, Sgt. Pepper and Abbey Road are my two favorite Beatles albums, but Revolver is certainly one of their best (and one of the best of all time).  From a great commentary (&quot;Taxman&quot;) to beautiful melodies (&quot;Here, There and Everywhere&quot; and &quot;For No One&quot;) to something a lot of us can relate to (&quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;) to a great Eastern-influenced song (&quot;Love You To&quot;) to wonderfully experimental (&quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;) to damn catchy tunes (&quot;Yellow Submarine,&quot; &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;), this album has it all.  Should be in any music lover's collection.
B000002GEY|5.0|A representative CD of the 60s and 70s.  'The Logical Song' and the title song are a must for any music collection.
B000002UUX|5.0|I am going to try to express what I think about this album, but, if my words fail me (as I'm sure they will), just disregard my gibberish and buy yourself a copy.   <br />  When I think about this album, and a few others that came out around the same time, I am almost tempted to believe that there was some celestial alignment, or perhaps something special in the water that somehow opened the tap and allowed the creative juices to flow freely from the source. This album is full of such wonder, that I am amazed each time I listen to it.  Yes, they can play their guitars really fast.  But if that were all there was to the album, it could be grouped with hundreds of others.  What sets this album apart is the creative spark that sets all great music apart.  I don't know how they did it (and, just for the record, I don't belive in that alignment of the planets stuff), and I don't know if they will ever do it again, but I am thankful that everything came together to make this alb! um.<br />  Alas, I have failed, so please, just buy it.
0679720200|4.0|I've taught this book on numerous occasions over the years. In the 60's and early seventies, Meursult had a lot of sympathizers. More recently, students have begun to trash him.  <br />I still am intrigued by this book, but have begun to wonder about the relevance of much commentary on it. For instance, we might ask whether a character like Meurault, who is apparently writing this version of his life after his arrest, isn't so crafting it to make a sort of defense of his actions. If he is, he's certainly inept at it.  Why doesn't he simply claim self defense?  Why,  doesn't he tell us everything that's going on at that trial?<br />Well, we might say, it really doesn't matter; what REALLY matters is that Meursault is condemned to die not for the murder of an Arab, but for being who he is imagined to be. How, finally, can anyone claim to know anything about another character when we see how ludicrous the court's image of M is? (Both prosecutor and defense attorney may!  have goofy images of M.  And how dare that priest plead that there is a transcendant reality that must be acknowledged, when these dunces can't even figure out this poor little guy whom they &quot;see&quot; right before their eyes?<br />Readers migfht be interested in reading Roger Shattuck's treatment of the book in FORBIDDEN KNOWLEDGE. It does force you to reevaluate it.<br />Camus' preface to the American edition, which appears in his Lyrical Essays, is also worth a read.
0451191153|3.0|The first half of the book (as far as the Stoddard Temple episde) I'd have given five stars. Three reasons:<br />Firstly you save yourself 300 pages of well below par material. It's unnecessary, rambles on and contradicts some aspects of the hero that were excellent in the first half. For example he goes from being completely innocent / naive / disinterested in what motivates others, to being somehow able to read people like a book.<br />Secondly the philosophy of Objectivism is largely absent in the first half except as it appears through the characters. If you want to read the philosophical bit in plain words skip right to the end where there are two speaches (part 4 ch. 14 &amp; part 4 ch.18) about it. I warn you that after reading them you probably won't want to bother reading the book. I would suggest reading the first half and then stopping. If you should feel the pressure to finish the book, skipping ahead to the speaches should cure you of it. Objectivism,  in my view! , and from only this book, is best appreciated when it is thought about least. Examining it in any detail you see it as absurd.<br />Thirdly - and this is difficult to say clearly without giving away the ending/s - the book has so much more &quot;integrity&quot; if you stop at the end of part 2. Integrity is what the hero is about, and the book is about the hero.
0553573403|5.0|A great read!! Some of the best reading I've done in a long time. Takes you in depth to the realm of political power behind the throne of a king and his noble subjects. I just can't put into words the brilliance of this work.
B000002L68|5.0|How do you even try to define the incredible? Do you get out your thesaurus? If you do, you'll come out lacking. This is quite simply one of the best!
B000002B38|5.0|well I've been twice on concert during 1994 tour and whole month after the second concert I wasn't able to think about anythink else but the concert. It is by far the BEST show on Earth. Other bands don't come even close. If I would have to imagine an alien space ship that would be Pink Floyd stage. It is really out of this world. This CD reminds me of those days. The quality of sound is unbeliveable, just not usuall for live stuff, but that is Pink Floyd. Always the BEST. Best band of Past and Present. I just hope there will be ONE MORE album &amp; tour. It has to be!!
0385482582|1.0|With so many good books out there on management and business there is no reason to read this boring book.  The only advantage in reading it is that it rounds out the picture you get of Andy Grove by reading his first book, High Output Management, and Tim Jackson's book, Inside Intel.  Grove is definately an interesting business figure, and unquestionably a top manager.  However, you do not get any insights into him or his management style by reading this book.  High Output Management is much better for this.  In addition, I have no clearer idea about how to recognize strategic inflection points now than I did before I read the book.  I don't think Grove does either, as proved by the way he handled the switch from manufacturing memory chip or the way he handled the floating point Pentium problem.  Intel's recent troubles in dealing with low cost computers further underscores their inability to recognize strategic inflection points.  What Grove and Intel are good at is ex! cellent organization and management, as well as being fierce and ruthless competitors.  Tim Jackson describes this much better than Grove.  If you want to read a good book on management, read Harold Geneen's classic &quot;Managing&quot;.  If you want to read a good book on someone who recogized strategic infection points, read Titan.  <br />P.S.  Grove's preoccupation with the comany's switch from making memory chips to microprocessors gets very old.
013216292X|5.0|I'm an undergraduate student and I used this book in order to design digital filters to operate on images. In my opinion it's the best text about one dimensional discrete time signal processing because it's good for basic learning.
0385472951|5.0|I quite enjoyed reading The Partner; 1) It involved revenge on a law firm for being corrupt, 2) Details were described in full rather than half fast, and 3) there are still question unaswered leaving the reader to use his/her imagination.  A definate 5+ and one I'm proud I bought and not have to return to the library!
B00000251N|5.0|The critics thrashed this album, but what do critics know?  This is a powerful, sincerely spiritual work that makes the heart soar like Jonathan's.  JLS is a modern parable that speaks of the soul's desire to reach higher, to become closer to God.  Though the film adaptation was somewhat an embarrassment compared to the book's wonderful prose, Neil's music stands on its own as one of the best soundtracks to any film, ever, and one of the very best albums Neil ever made.  There is nothing quite like it in his discography, with its sweeping orchestral movements and beautiful melodic themes, many of them repeated throughout the album.  Listen to this allegorical prayer, and you will be uplifted.
0399143904|4.0|Thought it was ok. My only problem is the length --800pgs. Certain parts drag and even come across predictable, ultimately seeming omitable upon completion of the book. But then again it's Clancy and still works. Nice to have Clark back in action. I definately see a movie out of this.
0684803356|5.0|In FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS Hemingway again reveals how war affects the lives of the average citizen. The ones who are called on to fight and die in the war. The people who have no power in declaring the war and above all who don't want the war at all. The ones who are for the most part forgotten when it is over. A lot has been made over his unconventional and individual style but it is really Hemingway's experience that make his books important. He gives us a window into a time and place none will ever again visit and it is in this that we can begin to appreciate what war actually did to a country and it's people and why freedom is a precious commodity. Incidently, to quibble over why a character in a book of this stature would cut her hair is not only to miss the point of the work, but to not even try to find it.  If you think you can do it better than Hemingway then write a couple of novels and we'll see if they become standards of American literature.
044022425X|4.0|Thank you Diana for this marvelous series.<br />After Outlander, Dragonfly, and Voyager, I wasn't sure how you were going to go.  I must say - I really loved Drums!  At times it was slow but all in all I was stuck.  Most of my questions were answered and the twists near the end!  <br />Please!!!  Give me more!!!
B000002LRX|5.0|...this would be one of 'em...but don't take my word for it. This CD is typical of the great music that came out of the bay area in the early 90's.  (Check out Act3 from Death Angel.  Very similar.)  Buy this CD - i have over 1,000 cd's in my collection at home...this one stays in my car becuase it is so great.
B000003S0P|4.0|Red is probably the strongest album from the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford axis - and sadly, it was their last. A stunning mixture of early Crimson (wafting mellotron, saxes and oboes) with the brain-damaging intensity of the later Crimson (killer Frippian guitar, booming Wetton bass, Bruford's percussives), Red turned the intensity up a notch, as symbolized by the pressure gauge on the back cover. Ian McDonald was ready to rejoin the group for real, but it wasn't meant to be. Guitarist Robert Fripp - keeper of the kingdom - disbanded Crimson after this album was recorded, and the band would lay dorment for over five years, until reincarnated into a completely different line-up.
1563523302|3.0|Interesting approach to achieving wealth, but seems to have an underlying implication of greed. Implications that those who do not gain wealth donate to charity (i.e. their community) did not need to be included.<br />The concepts on investing, purchasing, not spending lavishly to show status at the expense of wealth accumulation, gifts to children, etc., should be learned by every parent and child.
B000003S0F|3.0|Considered the weakest of the first four King Crimson albums, Islands really has to be heard in the right context. A mind-set of warm gulf breezes, palm trees, still-water bays, sea gulls and the solitude of the ocean sets the stage for this understated, yet affecting set of songs. The colorful dayglow island art on the U.S. album cover is far more in keeping with the &quot;ambience&quot; of the music than the inappropriate star nebula photo that adorned the British cover (and the CD). Don't confuse Islands with anything Jimmy Buffett might come up with - this is a very strange, gentle, mysterious and ultimately haunting cruise that only guitarist Robert Fripp could captain. The title cut is a near-classic, but it was the rollicking Ladies Of The Road that garnered the most airplay. Islands tends to grow on you slowly, like the tide...
0684874350|5.0|You do not have to be an Irish Catholic Male to see the beauty of this book.  The human spirit can be understood by everyone.  Mr. McCourt tells his story so that it is every persons story. Bravo!
B000002U6E|5.0|I just love all my Enigma cd's but this is my absolute favorite.  It's just stunnig, moving and fun to listen to when the lights are off, and I'm lieing on my back trying to get away from it all.
B000002BYD|4.0|my first pj c.d. though i have listened to their album ten. both are equally good. brain of j is most likely the best song on the album. wishlist, given to fly, mfc, and in hiding also superb. other songs range from good to moderate. just barely not enough to recieve 5 stars. this c.d. will add nicely to your set.
B0000069NM|5.0|This recording is a phenomenon.  I went to a MMW concert recently and there were a lot of young folks there.  One fellow struck up a conversation saying he had come down from Seattle for this.  He wondered how I knew of MMW and I told him that I'm an old Scofield fan.  He told me about how he was just discovering Scof etc.<br />This album is shaking up some worlds.  Last night I went to a Scofield concert and was delighted to find that the attendees were generally younger than I.  Most jazz shows in this town are attended by your nose-in-the-air, dried up, dusty, BORING jazz &quot;enthusiasts&quot;.  Jazz is something else to me than soft and easy listening milk-toast.<br />Now John Scofield, there's some jazz.  I have never heard an album from him I didn't like and this is no exception.  &quot;Scof&quot; means something's gonna touch you and make you feel it.<br />This recording has a lot of variety due to the eclectic nature of MMW.  They are so much fun, and so is John, that ! this music is just plain enjoyable.  It lifts my spirits to listen to it.  It's actually quite comedic in places.<br />I hope these guys get together for another one some time as this is an excellant combination.
0688002307|5.0|This is truly a life changing book.  What more needs to be said.  Everyone should read it. If you don't understand it put it on the shelf and wait until the time is right, then you will be ready. I first started reading the book a few years ago, but only made it halfway through.  I picked it up again about 6 months ago and finished it.  When the time is right, it will happen.
B000002KLP|5.0|Aunque es su tercer lbum, Dirty Mind es el principio de todo, es la referencia para lo que Prince va a ser capaz de ofrecernos. Pasados veinte aos es tan actual y fresco como entonces. Canciones como &quot;When You Were Mine&quot;, &quot;Dirty Mind&quot;, &quot;Uptown&quot; son imprescindibles para entender la evolucin de este artista. Si eres &quot;fan&quot; debes tener este CD.
B000002I77|4.0|Although this album is frequently praised as Cobham's best, I suspect that's because the majority of people haven't heard his later releases (not surprising, as the best of his 70s work for Atlantic seems to be permanently mired in back-catalogue hell). So while there are a lot of highlights to this disc, (the furious fusion -shuffle of &quot;Quadrant Four,&quot; with Tommy Bolin--who was never heard in better company-- and Jan Hammer trading hot, hot licks; the relaxed beauty of &quot;Les Lis,&quot; the catchy funk of &quot;Stratus&quot; and &quot;Red Baron&quot; and, of course, Cobham's transcendental soloing) seekers of Billy setting fire to the Muses might do well to scour the vinyl bins for &quot;Crosswinds,&quot; &quot;Total Eclipse&quot; or the live &quot;Shabazz,&quot; any of which have playing--especially from the Brecker Brothers, trombonist Glenn Ferris and the still criminally underrated Bulgarian keyboardist Milcho Leviev--which make &quot;Spectrum&quot; so! und like the raw though exciting effort it is. Also, to be frank, the album was mixed high and hot, and the early 90s CD transfer does nothing to diminish the beating your ears will take if you play it either too loud or through headphones. So my advice is either a) turn it down; b) put some tubes between your CD system and your ears; or c) besiege Atlantic/Rhino to rerelease ALL of Cobham's recordings, properly remastered and with maybe some new notes (HDCD wouldn't be a bad idea, as that format seems to be sucessful in taming this kind of music and making it sound good).
B000000FG8|5.0|In terms of bands who are still inspiring legions of kids to sound just like them a decade later, OpIvy is unparalleled. It's difficult to convey just how influential this album has been. To hear it for the first time is to hear what &quot;punk rock&quot; is at it's core: Fast, loud, opinionated and fun.  If you don't love this, you have no business calling yourself a punk.   30 years from now, this album will be counted with Sgt. Pepper as a milestone. Unconditionally Recommended.
0385486804|3.0|I would dare say that most of us who were active young men have dreamed of leaving formal society and living off the land at one point or another.  I know I did.  Krakauer did as well. At first, when reading this book, I thought that Krakauer was belaboring a simple story, stretching it out to fit a book.  But I soon saw where his Jack London quotes and parallels to other explorers, including his own life, led him.  Additionally, I found it fascinating the mystery that was posed by the exact mechanism of the death of &quot;Alex Supertramp.&quot;  Krakauer has a compelling style that he put to good use in &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;, which makes this book compelling as well.
B0000057C5|5.0|The boys from Germany hit you hard and loud!  This is an excellent album.  The german lyrics just leave more to the imagination. Great piece of work!!!!
B000002L9M|4.0|With &quot;Black Celebration&quot;, Depeche Mode marked a transformation from happy, bouncy, new-wave pop into the funereal halls of gothic depression.<br />With death and destruction as the major themes, &quot;Black Celebration&quot; will emotionally move you into another state of mind. It might be a good idea to keep some Prozac on hand when playing this album.<br />I highly recommend this one.
B000005GYI|5.0|This record presents the &quot;clube da esquina&quot; which means Corner's club, appearing Milton,Toninho Horta, one of the most important brasilian guitar player,the Maestro Wagner Tiso keyboard player,Robertinho Silva and many more. A lot at very beatifull soft songs,regarding the Nature and the happiness to play.Some songs are a mix between Beatles and brazilian music. You should try
0964385619|5.0|This is an excellent book on the subject of financial inteligence.  Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter tell the story of making money in a no-nonsense if not controversial manner.  What's controversial are the ideas contained within (and the authors admit that much).  Alas, the ideas will most likely be considered contoversial by the 95% that end up with nothing at the start of retirement.  However, the 5% (wealthy people) will look at these ideas and probably say that they agree!  It just good, common, financial sense!  I read this book in one setting, I just could not put it down.  Read it, then give it to your kids to read.  Join the 5%!<br />Mike O'Melia
0060920084|5.0|This book was given to me by a friend who knew that 1) I enjoy this style of sarcastic humor, and 2) I'm from Iowa. Bryson perfectly captures that strange mixture of fondness and boredom that I experience when I think of the Midwest and of those family vacations to someplace else. Forget all those comments that Bryson spent too much time in England; his perspective is uniquely American. My only regret about this book is that he didn't spend more time skewering my adopted state of California. I'm looking forward to reading Bryson's other books.
0684874350|5.0|This memoir is very moving.  I love biographies and I have to  say that this is the best one I've read so far.  The story being told through the voice of a young child really brings it to life!  I think  that this book should be read by everyone who has a spot in their heart for a child in need.  It has challenged me to make the life  of at least one child better so that they don't have to live like the McCourts did.
B000002BE9|5.0|I really enjoy listening to while I am at work.  The whole album seems to really flow together.  Fiona's voice and melodies are really soothing.
B000005S37|5.0|I love this album because it blows my mind everytime I listen to it. This album is so fascinating because of the un-heard of (at least in 75') tape manipulating techniques, strange drones and feedback. Listening to this is a step out of reality and into the mind of Lou Reed. Don't get me wrong though, this album ain't for everybody! I also doubt that teens ever grooved to this at any party, but hey, you've gotta hear it. I love this album because it was so far ahead of it's time. Today it almost seems like the first techno album ever. Then again, maybe Lou kicked over some microphones and recorded it. I think otherwise but, that's just me.
0670880728|4.0|I devoured &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; in one day. I started to read and i couldn't put it down. And it's not like I can identify with her : I'm fifteen years old. But, it made me laugh, and the story flowed very easily with each turn of the page. Bridget is a woman in her 30's who is single, witty, and slightly neurotic. She smokes too much, drinks too much and can't seem to find a decent man. Through the course of a year, you get to follow Bridget as she tries to live her sometimes hectic life. I think, that if are a women, and you suddenly have the time to just sit and read a good book....this is the one.                 - Jen
0393038912|3.0|This a an excellent book and clarifies much of the reason why Europe and the West prevailed in history, rather than say Africa or N America.  Basically Diamond argues eloquently that geography and luck of the draw food resources and animals explain much of the winners success in history. His is a well formed, well researched argument.   However, I believe that he turns a blind eye to the major effects ( good and bad ) that different religions and cultures have  had on the success of their people. His request for further study by Historians using more scientific means is welcomed .  Perhaps someone's PHD thesis could use historical information to compare transplanted religions and cultures into dominant and non  dominate societies  and analyze the results. My guess is that cultural bias and religions had as much to do with history as did geography and food supply.    All in all, a great book.. worthy of much thought, but as one reads it, do not forget to think.
0688052304|1.0|I read this for my book club - and if it weren't for this I would have given up after struggling through the first 100 pages.   Some people seem to really like this book.  I just didn't get it.  The meaning of &quot;quality&quot;?  Enough already!!  I feel like I just read a book about the meaning of &quot;the&quot;.   I'm the dummy though, for not following my instincts and putting it down after the first 100 pages.  Hey - for those of you that really liked this book - I know of a bridge here in Brooklyn for sale....
B000002MY3|5.0|This CD surpasses any music I have ever heard.  Any music fan, whenther you like classical or heavy metal, MUST own this CD!
B000002GYI|5.0|This was the first Kraftwerk album I ever heard. I   was over at a new acquaintance's aparment and looking over his LP collection, seeing rows and rows of albums by groups I'd never heard of: Kraftwerk, Tangerine Dream, Japan, Africa Bambaata, Gary Numan, Cabaret Voltaire, etc. What was all of this stuff?<br />I came across this bright green cover with a simple monochrome image of an old computer terminal displaying four digitzed heads. It looked like some unknown undergroud band's first album (the one where they do their own graphic design). My friend puts it on his nice hi-fi and the rest, they say, is history. I ended up listening to it twice, then went out the next day and found mint used copies of both the US and German pressings.   I am now a certified Kraftwerk junkie. <br />If you have not heard them before, I would suggest that you start with this album, as I consider it their best. Other top faves are &quot;Trans-Europe Express&quot; and &quot;Man Machine&quot; (and!  the German versions if you can find/afford them). For those who want a &quot;newer&quot; sound (ie. all digital), go with &quot;The Mix&quot;, but I believe that the individual albums are much stronger than the reworked hits package.
B000002UZ4|5.0|the only reason i can think not to by this album is the fact that it will get stolen and you will have to buy another.
B000002H5I|5.0|Tracy Chapman's first album &quot;Tracy Chapman&quot; shows depth &amp; bredth of an artist with at least 20 years more maturity and experience.  The lyrics to her songs are deceptively simple yet manage to touch deep social issues and provoke contemplations on your world-outlooks.  The songs &quot;Talkin' Bout A Revolution&quot; and &quot;Fast Car&quot; were her big breakout hits, but the entire album is stellar.  A special standout is her chilling acapella &quot; Behind The Wall&quot;--if that doesn't wound you to the core, then turn in your membership card to the human race!
B000003CMB|5.0|You've probably heard wonderful things about the Allman Brothers Band's epochal `AT FILLMORE EAST', but, believe me, they are understated; this is the finest live recording of the rock era. No other live album has come close. The Brothers really caught lightning in a bottle that weekend. I've been listening to this album weekly since July of `71 and I can honestly say that the music never becomes tiresome. If anything, the music is alive; it shifts and changes to suit the listener's moods. `AT FILLMORE EAST' is essential listening for anyone interested in the finest contemporary music. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
0380973634|5.0|I truly don't mean to offend anyone reading this, but if you didn't give Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere five stars, then guess what?  YOU MISSED OUT!  Some readers expect to be kept enthralled by unrealistic heroics of equally unrealistic characters.  Some say that Richard Mayhew is boring.  Why?  Probably because he doesn't automatically jump right into the world that is London Below and start acting like a professional hero.  Well gee, put yourself in this situation.  You help a stranger that is bleeding on the sidewalk.  Two strange men come looking for her at your door.  She disappears.  The next day, the entire world is literally ignoring you.  Then you find out that the only people who can see you live under the streets of London.  I'm so sure you're ready to go out and buy a sword and start swinging it.  Gaiman's character's are realistic to the point that they can fit into a fantasy world.  It's important to understand that.  Door is a girl who has just lost her entir! e family, but it dooesn't mean she's going to have a mental breakdown, become obsessed with destroying their killers, blah, blah, blah.  She knows good and well who killed them and is smart enough to stay out of their way, but try to stop them with help.  She doesn't want to involve Richard any further, but can't bring herself to just leave him alone in his frightening new reality.  DeCarabas is one of the most human characters I have come across in a while.  A con, a crook, an amoral jerk, a saint, and a protector.  All in how you look at him.  Vibrant with energy, always looking for what's in it for him, haughty( who wouldn't be if they were that good at surviving? ) , but still a being capable of feeling.  It's tough to be that alive without some emotion.  Certainly not a heart of gold though.  Those are rarer than the metal.  Hunter is mysterious, dangerous, and intent on her goals.  She is no ice princess though, and her giving in to the temptation of being able to slay t! he ultimate challengeas well as her guilt over her decisio! n show off her humanity.  Croup and Vandemar.  Evil incarnate?  Maybe.  But sadly, not so rare.  Their supernatural abilities make them a frightening nightmare, but their basic nature is not uncommon.  They hurt things because, as far as their concerned, it's fun.  Not at all uncommon.  Perhaps that's what makes them so frightening. Islington is perhaps, the true headcase in this story.  While gentle and caring on the outside, strip back the layers and find pure selfishness.  An obsessive focus on no other being's goals but its own.  Anyone in the way, well, sorry for them.  For the surreal places and bitingly real people in this book, I give my thanks to Neil Gaiman for this creation.  True gratitude all over the place Mr.Gaiman.
B000002U82|5.0|Although this album was released in 1973 it still has the same power and pulse of the pure talent the David Gilmour brings to his music. No other artist has had such an impact on the music world with his own unique style. Many bands have been imitated but this one is a class of its own. No collection of fine raw guitar and streaming melodies would be complete without this timeless classic.
B000000OSE|5.0|This album is a must-have for anyone.Doesnt matter if you're a pop fan or whatever.Just listen to songs like &quot;Dont Cry&quot; or &quot;November Rain&quot; or &quot;Double Talkin'Jive&quot; which is my favorite one.I listened to it for the first time when I was 8 years old and I've been a rock fan since.A masterwork from a band that produced some of the best rock and roll the world will ever hear.
0679721037|1.0|As Japanese troops surrounded the  city of Nanjing, hundreds of bombers flew overhead, dropping thousands of pounds of cases filled with anthrax, thyphus, or the bubonic plague. Invading soldiers took turns raping women, children, and the elderly. Nearly 200,000 of the city's two milldion residents died a few days after Japanese occupation. Many more were to follow. More than 20  (maybe even 30) million died in China and Japan from Japanese atrocities committed during World War II. In Japan, history books portray all sides as victims of an unfortunate &quot;incident&quot;. Indeed, Japan is cast as the victim nation, falling to the militarisim of the Americans. Japan's conservative government has only recently allowed for honest discussion of Japanese atrocities committed during WWII in school history books. Largely ignored in the West, and overshadowed by Hitler's extermination of Jews, slavs, etc, the forgotten holocaust is completely ignored in high school text books.!  Many times, there are sections devoted to the dropping of the nuclear bombs on Horishima and Nagasaki. Less than 200,000 Japanese lives were lost in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. An invasion of the Japanese home islands was estimated to cost at least 1,000,000 American lives and even more Japanese lives. And, Japanese forces were still strong in Manchuria and Korea, where they were systamatically destroying all evidence, including victims, of their holocaust. Speed was vital in ending the war. However, Japanese zealousy (as experienced by American troops in Okinawa and other islands, wasn't going to let that happen anytime soon. Indeed, the Japanese government was warned quite a few times before the attack. It seems to me that the Japanese government, and its supporters (many of them civilians) are to blame for tens of millions of deaths, including those in  Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
B000001ES9|5.0|Of all the Rush albums I come back to, this one I enjoy most often.  Besides obvious mega-hits like &quot;Working Man&quot;, songs like &quot;Finding my Way&quot; and &quot;What You're Doing&quot; are what I think to be some of the most powerful and raw songs Rush ever made.  Just listen to the guitar solo in &quot;What You're Doing&quot; and try to tell me it isn't one of the most intense solos of its time.  Brilliantly composed, this album is way underrated!  From here, Rush gets even better until &quot;Presto&quot; when things taper off a bit and get a little too directionless.  This album contains the long, upbeat, hard-rockin guitar solos and bass work that are what got Rush off the ground.  Not taking anything away from 'The Professor', Peart, who is an absolute master, I sometimes wonder whatever happened to John Rutsey and his outstanding percussion work on this album. For just three guys to play together like this I think is impressive enough without going into!  how talented they are.  In closing, I think only the cover artistry of this album could be better.
B000000OAN|5.0|It's a shame that many &quot;newer&quot; Queen fans date from the &quot;A Kind Of Magic&quot; era and might never discover A Night At The Opera and A Day At The Races. For albums produced in 1975 and 1976 respectively and still sound fresh a quarter of a century later, this is a tragedy.<br />There is the peculiar blend of Queen rock, innovation and arrogance. But you've just got to love it. &quot;I'm in love with my car&quot; merits listening to time after time after time (especially when driving a *bit* too fast...). &quot;39&quot; is Brian May in reflective best, and the stunning &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot; should really wear the mantle of glory that Bohemian Rhapsody wears.
0440111498|5.0|It  was my  first  experience  with Vonnegut. It was  great. Not so  hard and  not  so  easy. He basically  satires religion  and  science. Religion  is  nothing but  lies, and  science  is  truth. But  even  though science  is  based  on proof, so  it seems right to us,some  bad  sciencists don't  care about  the rest of  us. There  are  two type of  scientist--good  guys and  bad  guys. Good  scientists  are doing  their  work  for  human beings just like  the  way Castle does  his  jobs. Bad  scientists  have  no moral sense  what  they  are  doing. It  seems  to  me he  doesn't like  religion  and  science at  all.However, he  still  gives us  a  good  path  that  science  need to  follow -- Take  care of  people  rather  than  kill   them. Religion  is  nothing  but lies. But  we  need   religion because  we need to  lean on that whenever we  encounter  problems. He also  gives  us  an example  of that  when  papa  is dying  he does  boko-maru which is  bokononism ! ritual to  feel  comfortable.  Anyway, this  book  is  great and   make  think  a  lot about  two   basic  elements of our  life.<br />P.S.-His  background  would  help to  understand this  book. He  majored  chemisty  at  Cornell, and  later he  attended  U. of  chicago to  study antropology. So he  has  a  balanced  background  of  science and religion.
0425163407|3.0|I have read all of Patricia Cornwalls books and am finding that I did not enjoy this latest adventure of Dr.  Kays as much as her previous ones.  I did guess the gender of the villian, although a little more character development/ information on her would have made this hold together a bit more.   I am really getting tired of the good doctors tirelessness persuit of the bad guys.  Im sure she did not have a nights sleep throughout the entire book.  I did like the end, and was not dissappointed as many of the other reviewers were and hope that she will finally..... move on with her life.  Maybe a breakdown and good rest would be in order. You could write a book with Marino as the lead and Dr. Kay as a player.  What do you think?
0671646788|5.0|This book is a must for anyone who wants success. The first chapter alone is worth far more than the price. Buy it, read it, use it. You will not be disappointed. I wore out my first copy and I am now on my second. But whenever I go to an important meeting I take the first copy with me. This book was first copyrighted in 1959 and is still as useful as the first day it was written. Unless you have achieved everything you want, buy the book. Thanks, David
0684833395|5.0|This book has to be one of the funniest books which I have ever read.  It demonstrates the absurdity of war and bureaucracy in a very humorous manner.  What I find to be the most appealing part of the book is the way in which the &quot;catch 22&quot; is re-enforced throughout the novel and you realize the concept is applicable not only in the militarty but also in the govermnent, at work, and even at home.  You grow to know and love the characters and thier little quirks, and are sad to see them go.  I suggest anyone who enjoys seeing the silliness of interoffice politics and bureaucracies should get this book.
B000000OAN|5.0|This album is a milestone in the Rock history. It perfectly summarizes the musical philosophy of any great band: &quot;you have to be creative, evolutionary and try different kinds of music&quot;. The album contains the famous Bohemian Rhapsody, a single more popular than any other Beatles tune in Great Britain. Unfortunately it overshadows the other historical songs like Death on Two Legs, Prophet's Song, Love of My Life, and I am in Love with My Car. This is a must to buy if you are interested in good music and challenges all the so-called big bands of contemporary era.
0440180295|4.0|In buying this book I expected to read about the firebombing of Dresden, and instead got an alternative view of war and its impact on people.  The storytelling by Vonnegut was rather sporadic and unorthodox, and was not at all what I had expected to read.  But once I had started, I could not put the book down.  It is one of the better books which I have read, but not the best.
0451191153|5.0|I first read this novel when I was 16 and wassn't able to put it down.  I would try to read as a drove to school, during Physics class, and just about everywhere else.  Rand has the ability to tell a story in such stark beauty, persision, and deatil, that one wants to not only read but become one with the novel.  In the next four years I have read The Fountainhead numerous times.  It has not only chnaged the way that I view literature, but the way that I view life, writing, and society. This is a book that all of society should be required to read, that is if there is a society.....
B000001EXB|5.0|A fan of Elton &amp; Bernie for 30 years, it never ceases to amaze me how these 2 geniuses continue to outdo themselves. While both are powerful, Elton is the Mozart of the rock world. His composition, voice and singing style go unsurpassed.  This album is reflective and introspective. Just superb.Judy Chester
0312117337|5.0|I have been using these cards for 2 years.  The artwork is phenominal.  I have found peace and a better understanding of myself and the world around me.  I use them every morning and they are always correct.  I have read them for friends and they are amazed at the truthfulness found in the readings.  These cards have helped me deal with the death of my husband/soulmate.
044651506X|5.0|Nelson Demille has come through again with an eclectic mixture of the writing elements that make him so endearingly readable.  Likeable (and understandable) hero, ironic wordplay and plot twists, and a complicated enough story that will have you smacking your forehead while exclaiming &quot;Of Course&quot; at the end.  It is always a pleasure to go along with Demille as he untangles the web he weaves...This was a true page-turner.  This easily ranks up with some of his other excellent works, such as General's Daughter, Talbot Odyssey, Charm School, Word of Honor, and Cathedral.  I read all of his work and regularly recommend him to friends...This is ceratinly one I'll mention by name!
0451452739|5.0|2001: A Space Oddysey lives up to all of the hipe!  At first I thought that it was just some stupid classic Sci-Fi book based on a corny old movie, but after so many reccomendations from my friends I finally read it-boy was I surprised!  This is a very good book- if you haven't read it, you should!
0671721720|5.0|In this, the second book of the Honor Harrington series, Mr. Weber has shown us another side of Captain Harrington. The social conflict is even more intriguing than the white-knuckle naval engagements, as Honor comes up against a society that is fundamentally against who and what she is - a woman who is a tough, capable naval officer.
B000002J1F|5.0|A musical leap from the previous album (The Yes Album, itself an excellent LP), Fragile was the one that put Yes over the top. With guitarist Steve Howe coming into his own and the addition of Rick Wakeman on keyboards, the band's sound pallette increased by a vast array of musical colors. The classics here - Roundabout, South Side Of The Sky, Heart Of The Sunrise - are all timeless. The only thing marring the album is Yes' penchant for &quot;solo&quot; noodling (which would result in a whole batch of mostly lame solo albums several years later). This valuable album space could have been devoted to another group-composed masterpiece. Still, the entire package - music, artwork, booklet, etc. - makes Fragile a 5-star masterpiece.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool -- Aenima in specific -- is music in its best and most primal form: the pure conveyance of emotion.
B000002J1O|5.0|The Genesis album trilogy of Nursery Chryme/Foxtrot/Selling England is generally percieved as the band's peak artistic period - culminating in ascending order with their masterpiece, Selling England By The Pound. With its tight ensemble playing and Peter Gabriel's perceptive, tongue-in-cheek portrayal of the English Empire in decline, this LP put Genesis in the big leagues with the progressive rock giants who inspired them - Yes, King Crimson, etc. From the title cut to the epic Firth Of Fifth to the closing Cinema Show, this album brilliantly shines from start to finish - probably the closest any band has ever come to making the perfect album.
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy has proven, once again, why he is the foremost author of the military thriller.  A book that focuses on Clark is a nice change of pace from Clancy's last work (Executive Orders), focusing on political intrigue.  Clancy demonstrates that, despite his expertise in other fields, he still shines brightest when writing of espionage and counter-terrorism.
B000003S0I|4.0|With completely new personnel (aside from founding member Robert Fripp), a new lyricist and a new attitude, King Crimson returned with a vengeance on this, their fifth U.S. album. Adopting a heavier, more streamlined approach, the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford/Cross/Muir line-up sizzles like a volcano ready to explode. Gone are the gentle cellos and woodwinds of the previous LP, Islands - replaced with Cross' searing violin, Muir's eccentric purcussion and Fripp sounding heavier than ever on guitar. The mellotron is understated, while Wetton's bass thunders and Bruford manages the syncopated arrangements beautifully on drums. Highlights include the title cut (parts one and two), Exiles and the plaintive Book Of Saturdays. This album is considered the strongest post-In The Court Of The Crimson King album by the band (and really can't be compared to that album, as this is basically a completely different band - with similarities in name only).
B000002WYT|5.0|This was the first CD that I bought from DMB now I have them all, I felt in love with this band when I heard Crash, listen to that song. You never get bored listening to DMB every song is so different from the one before, they surelyknow how to play non-comercial music that is a gift to the ear.
B000001EYW|5.0|The Bee GEES have always been great, but this cd is one of the best they have ever done. The music feeds the soul.
1573226521|1.0|Remember when you were in school and required to read all those old tomes the adults called literature? But you opted, instead, for Cliff Notes and the like. You cheated, and now you must pay! Now, your 'just deserts' come in the form of books but not in their substance. And you get attempts like &quot;The Beach&quot;. Just what you deserve. Life is too short to waste your alloted reading time on such drivel. Don't read this book. Read the classics, finally, and biography to learn about yourself and the world. Then go out in the world with that knowledge to effect yourself. Don't just sit around and watch. This book is like a drug that dulls the senses instead of perfecting them. Don't spend your intellectual life in a literary stupor.
0786889284|4.0|This is the first book I've read by Ridley Pearson, and I am now purchasing three of his older ones.  I thought it was great!  Very likeable storyline; now I want to get to know the characters in depth through his previous books!
B000002B7M|5.0|It is a very good album. He showed alot of emotions in this album but in all of his other albums as well. It seems that in all his albums he  sang about his life. Like in &quot;Suicide Solution&quot; it  talks about drinking and how it will kill ya, but he had a close friend that died because he drank alot.
B000002BE9|5.0|I absolutely love Fiona Apple. She has a great voice! And she uses such strong lyrics. I listen to her when I'm mad at some one
B000001Y2U|5.0|This is what brought me into the world of music altogether. From the first time I listened to it, to now, I have never gotten tired of it. It is definitely worth the buy.
0060977493|4.0|The canvas of rural Kerala is so vividly captured its bewitching. The characters are described is exquisite detail. The narrative however skips back and forth and this takes a little getting used to. The end however was off putting and simply does not gel with the rest of the book
0440180295|5.0|This is my favorite Vonnegut novel, even after Breakfast of Champions and Galapagos, because it is the simplest way to sum up the whole of any person's life.  If one reads it for the fun and tragedy of the book, or if he reads it for the in depth struggle of a personal war, he reads it and enjoys.
B000002KOQ|5.0|Michelangelo left a legacy to mankind during those works created during &quot;the renaissance&quot;.<br />Fortunately for us, Joni Mitchell leaves one of mankinds greatest musical mastepieces, Ladies of the Canyon, created during &quot;the 60's&quot;.
0345298349|5.0|One of the best books I ve read. The character development is fantastic and has depth. The story is all the more amazing considering it was written during the Cold War era and focuses on a crime that has nothing to do with missiles or nukes. Magnificent description of Russia. The story packs a lot of punch and has an excellent ending.
0440111498|5.0|I haven't read any of Vonnegut's other books (yet), but I certainly will!  Thanks to this book, I have been opened up to a new author.  I can't say that I'd recommend this one over any of his others, since I haven't read them yet, but I definitely recommend it, period!
1853260444|5.0|I first read The Moonstone when I was out of college.  Since then, I have read it over and over.  It is brilliantly conceived and keeps you guessing to the very end.  Recommend it to your friends.
B000002NHN|5.0|When I first bought this album, I confess I expected to find the sort of nice, easy listening, simple and effective melodies and lyrics I'm used to get from artists like Enya. Now I'm glad I made that mistake, because I found not only the joy of discovering an incredibly rich and powerful music universe, but I also felt like I was unveiling a whole hidden world of forgotten legend and lore. The title of this album is pretty accurate: have you ever wondered what it would feel like to discover an extremely old book full of forsaken knowledge in a medieval library? Well, by hearing this record you'll get as close as you can probably ever be to that feeling...<br />Perhaps what I enjoyed the most about \\"Book of secrets\\" is the fact that it was able to give me the feeling I was hearing echoes of ancient times, coming not just from western Europe but also from eastern faraway civilizations, places that hold within themselves a vast mysticism and wonderful history. <br />Now, if you're looking for the kind of album you can just put on your CD player and press \\"play\\", and let the music flow while you're doing something else, stay away from this. But if you can accept the challenge of hearing something that cannot be easily labeled, and that goes far beyond today's simplistic concepts, you won't regret to buy Loreena's \\"Book of secrets\\".
0399143904|3.0|I am a BIG fan of Tom Clancy's books.  I have gone through 3 copies of Red Storms Rising and 2 copies of Clear and Present Danger and have read every book he has wrote.  Having said that, this book is a disappointment.<br />The premise of this book holds enormous promise. The mere thought of John Clark SEAL and Domingo Chavez forming an international multinational anti terrorist unit was enough for me to circle Aug. 3 on my calendar and clear my itinerary for that day.<br />The first few hundred pages didn't disappoint.  The resolution of the airline hijacking was superbly done, showing us not only what transpired but also the thought process of an experienced operative. The subsequent terrorist acts in the bank, private residence, and amusement park were absolutely riveting.  Unfortunately, that's where the good stuff stops.<br />The main background plot is simply absurd.  I will spare the details in the interests of time and those who want to read the book for themselves, but ! quite simply the plot has been done before in a James Bond film called Moonraker.  This meglomaniacal, psychopathic scheme is suitable for the light fantasy of Ian Flemming but not the realistic thrillers we have come to expect from Tom Clancy.<br />In addition, what made Clear and Present Danger and Red Storms Rising so good was not only the action but the superbly fleshed out characters, both protagonists and antagonists.  It was action at its best, Cortez vs. Ryan, Andreyev vs. Robinson.  Both sides were intelligent, rational, and played to win.  Rainbow Six's antagonists were so far out on the ideological scale that it is a wonder they weren't institutionalized.  I found myself not eager for our heroes to win the day but for something, ANYTHING to shut these lunatics up.  I read each page, hopeful that a meteor would fall from the sky and kill these imbeciles so that we could return to the masterful action of the preceding pages.<br />Unfortunately, that didn't happen.  The book! 's resolution is astonishingly unsatisfying.  Our heroes di! scover and stop the evil plan not due to ingenious detective work but because an antagonist got cold feet, luck saves the world.  The climactic battle is little more then a turkey shoot and the book gives about as much enjoyment.  So much promise, so little delivered.
0399143904|5.0|I personally like &quot;Patriot Games&quot; the best of all. But, this one ranks right up there. I love the way that Tom has developed Clark, and I would like to see him further develope Domingo Chaves' charachter. Again, he is a master spinster, equipped with tremendous political foresight, and an unreal technological mind. Go Tom!
0380002930|5.0|When I was very young I was reading a child series that I really enjoyed.  On the cover it said something about a book called watership Down.  I ordered the book from my school library. When my teacher flopped down a 400+ word book I was taken aback.  I decided to give it a try.  It was One of if not the best book I have ever read, the characters are well developed and deep, the plot is fast- paced and moving, and the storys are even pretty neat.  After finishing it in 3 days in fifth grade I read it again in eighth.  I found it awesome again and I understood more at a deeper level.  For those of you who give this book one or two stars you obviously don't know a good read when you see one.  This book has plenty of action and many levels. It has also won awards and is known as a classic. I recomend it to anyone who bothers reads this.
0553208845|5.0|Hey ... one of the earlier reviewer missed the boat on Siddhartha ... he is not merely a :contemporary: of Buddha .... HE IS BUDDHA !!!<br />The deep multi= multi= leveled layers of this book are awsome ..... read it 20 times and you'll discover a new angle each time .... after a 100, you'll still be amazed.<br />This little beauty is right up there with Genesis, Revelations, Catcher in the Rye .....<br />my oh my ......<br />I'm about to buy a fresh copy ... my old one is worn too thin!!!<br />Seventh Generation Collaboration forever ... Siddhartha is alive and walking!  Awake the worm, awake .... don;t forget Frank Herbert's Dune if you like Hesse .... also try Hesse's heavy book: &quot;The Glass Bead Game&quot;
0425163407|5.0|Patricia Cornwell's latest thriller is packed with excitement. From the shores of Tangier Island to Fort Detrick the author never misses a chance to turn up the heat! Kay Scarpetta shines!
B000000176|5.0|this is a must get CD!  it contains some of Morrisons best poetry (like the Celebration of the Lizard.)  it has great hits like: Hello,I love you The Unknown Soldier, Spanish Caravan,and two of my favorites, Five to One and Not to Touch the Earth. even if you take out there singles it would still be a great album, because of songs like: Love Street,Summers Almost Gone,We Could Be So Good Together,and Yes,the River Knows.  Waiting For The Sun is definitley one of the Doors best albums.  listen to My Wild Love every night before you go to bed.     <br />time you wait subtracts from joy, beheads the angels you destroy, angels fight,angels cry,angels dance,and angels die.(J.D.M.)<br />this will always be one of my favorite albums,Casey
0875428940|5.0|I tried to think of a good intorduction for these cards but ultimately I was left with, &quot;Simply the Best&quot;.  I have been reading with these cards for quite some time and just recently switched to &quot;Legend, The Arthurian Tarot&quot; (found at Amazon.com).  <br />As a Wiccan Pagan, the Robin Wood deck is studded with symbolism that is easy to understand.  The depictions on the cards are direct and to the point while still allowing for digressions according to placement.  <br />I recommend this deck to anyone seeking to read Tarot but ESPECIALLY to those who follow a Pagan path.  These cards speak loud and clear and are also very beautiful to work with.  A must try!
0441003257|5.0|Pratchett and Gaiman have come up with one of the funniest pieces of literature I've read to date.  The terrific thing about this novel is the cleverness that fills each page.  It makes you feel as if you've been let in on some vastly hilarious inside joke perpetuated by a pair of extremely intelligent eschatologists.  (What?)<br />From the first chapter, all the way into the last paragraph, Good Omens had me laughing out loud and thinking about things that I should have thought about long ago.  It's a book that is able to both question the basis of all established religion and theological foundations... and at the same time poke fun at Freddy Mercury.<br />Make Good Omens the next book you read.  Really.  I loved it.
0399143904|2.0|Clancy is a great technical writer, his prose flows pretty smoothly and he's great in the way he paints with words. It's just his premises are getting more and more flawed. The idea of the real villains all being addicted NPR and Dicovery Channel nature shows just made me shudder. His good guys seem more and more psychopathic as time goes on. In most of his previous books, you could relate to his characters in a positive way, The &quot;good guys&quot; in Rainbow are 2 dimensional murderous thugs who would give my id nightmares. So much of the plot gets strung together by happenstance because good police work is precluded by killing all the bad guys (even when it is not neccesary, even contrary to mission objectives, like in the park). <br />Of course the villains will come back in the sequel, look closely at the final chapter to find the hook.<br />Oh well, Tom's run had to end someday..&lt;sigh&gt;<br />Mike
0399143904|4.0|I'm not quite done with Rainbow Six.  As always,  Clancy's novels are page turners.  I can't wait to get home to get back to it.   However,  after the first 40 pages,  Clark has called himself an REMF 5 times.  Not being a Viet Nam Vet,  this was really annoying and forced me to go on line to search for the term.  And what is tempesting?  This is mentioned twice already without any explanation.  So far into the book,  it would have been better if there had been explanation of these esoteric terms.
B000001FDK|5.0|This CD is fun to listen to. It picks up your mood and reminds you of the scenes in the movie. I recommend this to anyone who liked the movie.
B000005S0I|3.0|This is an interesting look at the early days of The Cure.  This recording of an 18 year old Robert Smith may sound different to later Cure fans but it gives you an idea of how their music evolved from a garage band to a goth supergroup
B000002C25|5.0|I think all people from all around the world can hear how great this album is. The only think I can say to Noel is &quot;dont go away, cos its gettin better man&quot;. This girl in dirty shirt, I hope I think I know told me, that I should stand by her, even though I have my big mouth. Well, I know she will fade in out, but to me its important she is here now! This is gonna be classic in 20 years and I hope everyone has a copy.<br />DYou know what I mean?
B000002UBU|5.0|Short and to the point:  this album, and Carole King's &quot;Tapestry&quot; are the only two I've ever purchased in which I truly enjoy every song. It's wonderful, wonderful.
0446310786|3.0|Recommendations and praises about this book from other people were what made me pick up 'To Kill A Mockingbird' and start reading it.   Although it was quite difficult to get into the story on the first chapter the rest of the plot proceeded smoothly enough. The characters were likeable, and the storyline plausible. Harper Lee had put much care in the narrative to make it sound as if an actual child was speaking from her own thoughts and experience, adopting the simple, honest style of writing throughout the novel. All in all, this book is definitely not bad.  However, beware if you're seeking something more than a 'nice' piece of writing silently - and 'nicely' - reprimanding us about racial indiscrimination. This novel might be welcomed by those who come from the southern states and badly want a quiet, pleasant walk down the Memory Lane seeking their childhood again. But it is not, mind you, for others who expect it to be something more thrilling or 'unputdownable' li! ke I did. The book simply lacks a deep emotional or intellectual impact upon the mind. It is what it is - a nice, tastefully bland novel.
0440224764|5.0|Go and buy it now.  It will be the best book that you have ever read.  The twists dont stop coming.  I could not stop reading.  Well done Mr Grisham
1573226521|5.0|Just want to say that I'm in awe of Alex Garland for his first novel, The Beach.  A man in his mid-twenties, he relates to young, urban culture  while simultaneously spinning the type of intricate yarn that most storytellers never achieve in a lifetime.  Mad props to Alex, and looking forward to his next piece of work.
0684833395|5.0|I love this book.....and I'm not even finished  it yet. It's funny, thrilling, and historical.....really enjoyed it
0670880728|5.0|As a twenty-something &quot;Singleton&quot; this book really described all the funny twists of life in a medium level job and in a society where the marrieds think we're all missing something.  This book is perfect for anyone who has ever been in a realtionship or just considered taking the leap.  It's just great.
B000002LGA|5.0|This album rocks! Lou Reed at his best cynical angry self. And played loud they actually seem to  be in my living room.
B000006NPY|5.0|I was one of the first to get the Smashing Pumpkins fifth album, Adore, and while it is definently a break with their style of old, it is a good album made even better because of their change in style. The only reasons I didn't give it six stars or more was because, number 1, Amazon.com wouldn't let me, and two, it is even better when performed live. I saw them play both in Dallas, TX and at Radio City Music Hall in New York, where in my opinion they played better than they did on their Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness tour. The lighter ballads and accoustic songs are played by the Pumpkins almost completely plugged, and the revised versions of 1979, Tonight Tonight, Bullet With Butterfly Wings, and Thru The Eyes Of Ruby are, in my opinion, better than they were on MCIS. So, if you're a longtime SP fan, or a new one, I recommend that you buy this cd, listen to it, and then go see them perform live.
B0000062S0|3.0|Page and Plant still know how to strut their stuff. However some great moments on this cd are let down by the sound quality. Where in God's name are the drums? Their concert had drums and so did their last album. Steve Albini was the wrong choice.
B000002LIM|5.0|Can you think of a character more defined by a theme then Batman?  Danny Elfman is a genious when he and Tim Burton work together.  The film's setting is supported by the music just as much as the Dark Knight.  Without the music it's only a good movie but with the music it's great!
B000002LQD|5.0|This is Lou Reed the poet. Some of his strongest work arguably lies in this album.
0399143904|4.0|Tom Clancy is a fine writer and I enjoy his style and characters.  He crafts entertaining stories and keeps the reader on edge waiting for how the heroes will save the day.  However, I must temper this praise by saying Clancy is far from the best writer of the 20th Century.  For you Clancy buffs out there I strongly suggest you read Alistair MacLean's &quot;Ice Station Zebra&quot;, &quot;Force Ten From Navarone&quot;, or &quot;Puppet on a Chain&quot;.  MacLean writes with a style and flair which is thoroughly engrossing, technically exciting, and light years ahead of Clancy in artistic ability and the shear art of storytelling.  Clancy is Salieri to MacLean's Mozart.
0792151720|5.0|Hollywood doesn't make films like this anymore.  With the two-hundred million+ budget of &quot;Titanic&quot;, one can see why.  If moviemaking has reached the point where economics can restrain a vision, then we have a creative tragedy of near-Titanic proportions.  <br />In &quot;Titanic&quot;, James Cameron puts that two-hundred million on the screen.  Every costume, every set, and every prop were carefully designed to meet Cameron's exacting standards of historical representation.  The ship itself, whether sailing or sinking, is a testament to the power of the epic film that Cecil B. DeMille and David Lean would appreciate.  <br />The general public has always wanted the element of realism in their fantasy.  It didn't matter that Charleton Heston wasn't Jewish as long as the clothes were right, the buildings had columns and he rode a chariot in &quot;Ben Hur&quot;.  Likewise today, &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; has been hailed for its realism and has raised the bar for future war films.  People don't mind the story, as long as it seems real to them.<br />This illusion is an art, and James Cameron is one of its masters.  Cleverly starting the film in the present, he is able to build anticipation for the return to 1912 while seemlessly convincing us that Rose DeWitt Bukater and Jack Dawson were as real to the world as Molly Brown or J.J. Astor.  Perhaps most of all, Cameron accomplishes a great feat by making the audience painfully aware of the human tragedy while at the same time amazing them with the spectacle of the ship's demise.  <br />Although there are weaknesses in the script, the sheer magnitute of the film keeps the story captivating while the actors bring the passengers and crew to life.  Much has been spoken about Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio, but the true backbone of the film are the supporting characters  whose presence evokes the wide range of emotions needed for a viewer to invest in the plot.  Whether watching &quot;Titanic&quot; again or for the first time, take special note of Kathy Bates as Molly Brown, Francis Fisher as Rose's mother and especially Victor Garber as Thomas Andrews.  <br />Hollywood doesn't make them like this anymore, but they should.  &quot;Titanic&quot; is one film that should sail into your collection and stay there.
0440224764|5.0|I have read all of John Grisham's books to date and this has been one of his best novels.  I couldn't put it down - the ending was a surprise.
0385484518|5.0|This book gets you right from the start. It really makes you realize what truely is important in life. There are certain portions of this book that should be read outloud over and over again.This book is a real eye opener for those who think that they have it all!
0399143904|5.0|I have read all of Mr. Clancy's work, and this rates as one of his best. <br />Like other readers, I enjoyed Without Remorse. Having a book dedicated to John lays out a good framework for the future, since the next position for Jack Ryan is the Pope.<br />Excellent read, well worth adding to your library!!
6304082428|5.0|6 videos and 5 hours later you find yourself wishing there were more.  You can't want for a better movie review than that.  I had to appease myself by watching favorite parts over again. A great addition to any movie collection.  If only Jane Austen had written her own sequel so that we could learn more about the lives of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy the way she would have imagined it.  The actors have all done a marvelous job.  An A-plus movie for the whole family.     END
B000002NHN|5.0|When I heard &quot;The Mummers Dance&quot; I fell in love the loreena McKennit's music. It was enchanting and just plain peaceful. I love it and it deserves everyone of the five stars it gets and many people agree with me.
0060977493|4.0|This book is one of the best books I have read but it is a bit disappointing as the storyline is weak. As the first book of the author it is a very good but as a Booker winner it is below expectations. The authoress's description of rural Kerela is pictoral, a good point of the book. The supporting characters seem to have sad lives and there is no cheer. The 4 central characters have been portrayed in a manner which is very unique.Roy's style is refreshing and there seem to be millions of plots running but this is due to the weak storyline.
006109594X|5.0|This book was excellent. I don't care what all you other people say. I know Patrick and he is one of the smartest people I've ever met and I greatly enjoy all of his books! GO KETTLEERS!
0679735909|1.0|one should not have to work so hard to bring the characters and story to that special place in our imaginations where it's all brought to life.....dull, faux-characters.......poetry for the sake of filling pages with words.......tiresome...
B000002GF8|5.0|Synchronicity is The Police at their peak, weaving a complex tale of topics together that are not entirely related to each other.  Of course, the classic Every Breath You Take is on the CD, but the real high point of the CD comes later.  Wrapped Around Your Finger is perhaps the finest song ever written to get a lonely college student through his four years of shear torture.  Two songs from the CD, Synchronicity I and Synchronicity II are fun to listen to.  You'll wish Mother wasn't on this CD, but that's half the fun of it...if the CD were perfect, you might eventually tire of it.  Tea in the Sahara will make you want to run out and buy the book that it is based upon (The Sheltering Sky).   For many years, King of Pain was my all-time favorite song.  This is the CD that brought it all together for The Police, and surely their crowning achievement of their 5 albums. I have listened to it hundreds and hundreds of times, yet I learn something new about me or our species e! very time I listen to it.   An absolute must-have for every living, breathing human on this planet.
0812550706|5.0|i read this novel several years ago when it first appeared.  to this day, and it has been several years since the book's debut, it remains one of my favorite novels.  the beauty of the book is that it is a phenomenal read and does not attempt the philosophic gravitas found in card's later novels.  it is pure escapist fiction until the truth unveils itself which it does with a bang.  that i still remember it after all these years is testament to the fact that it is a crackling good read and it is therefore highly commended.
B000009CEM|5.0|This album by Fear Factory ranks up there among their best.  The drums are real on this album and also there is a lot more bass.  On Obsolete you can definitely hear a more pronounced bass than on  Demanufacture.  Comparing it to Demanufacture, this album is less intense but has more melody to it because of the organic drums and bass. Bell's singing on Obsolete is his best ever for Fear Factory. I would definitely recommend this album to all Fear Factory fans as a must buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt has combined celtic, middle eastern, and european musical themes with poetic lyrics.  This music relaxes me and makes me think.  It is breathtaking.  In a world where loud, angry, angst-ridden music populates the airwaves, it is refreshing to find music that is soothing, comforting, and sensuous.  When I first put on this CD, I was transported.  My eyes closed, I could see images of renaissance splendor, of lush countryside, quaint villages, country dancers, and by the end of the CD I was completely refreshed.  P.S.  My cat also loves this music.  I put it on and, wherever she is, she runs into the room, climbs onto my lap, and goes to sleep.
1573225517|4.0|Despite an occasional lag where Hornby gets a little too self-indulgently whiny towards the middle, this book reamins a delightful (and ridiculously intellegent) depiction of single male life.  It's like something Douglas Coupland would write if he were somewhat more talented, and a little less sensationalistic.  I absolutely adored this book!
0345315227|1.0|Being one of Arthur Clarke's biggest fans, I was amazingly disappointed with this novel... the story about Frank was simply uninteresting, and (at least to me) was far-fetched.  Nothing new was brought to the table here, in fact, the fact that Clarke relies on the MUCH CLICHE'D computer virus to defeat the amazing monolith was simply too incredible for me.  This, coupled with enough-too-many references to STAR TREK , made me nauseous.  I have never been as disappointed since reading his co-written CRADLE.
B000002BSG|5.0|Jamiroquai is one of the hottest bands (in my opinion) out on the market right now.  They have a very bright future!!
0060926317|2.0|I had hoped for much more from this book. It is, in fact, very new age, and very _very_ far from interesting outside of that context. Inside that context it is questionable at best. Just not a readable book.
B000009PNY|5.0|If you're expecting rehashes of classic Depeche Mode, be prepared.  These are refreshingly original interpretations of songs you may already know and love.  From the subdued &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot; by Smashing Pumpkins to the gravelly, butt-kicking Rammstein version of &quot;Stripped&quot; that closes out the CD (think Leonard Cohen backed by KMFDM), this is one collection that goes beyond expectations.
B000001YOW|5.0|This CD made my jaw drop. Stunning psychedelic/rock/dance. All last summer we would put the track Waiting on continuous loop whist watching the sunset over the ocean. Steve Wilson is one of the most talented writer/producers in the world right now. Can't wait for the next one.
0451191153|5.0|This book is a must for anyone who agrees or disagrees with tenants of capitalism. But this book goes much farther than that. This novel is an eye-opener today despite the fact that it was written decades ago.  This is a book for the spirited realists among us who are rare yet crucial to our society. Some will hate this novel, but that is part of the greatness of it. This novel does not compromise or sell its soul.
B000002H38|5.0|Despite the '87 release date, this album refuses to become dated.  Instead, you will find a smooth collection of emotive songs guaranteed to leave you begging for more.  Indeed, anyone in possession of Anita's other albums must still acknowledge the brilliance of her artistry in 'Rapture' by frequent revisits to the tastiest soul classics from the past decade.  It may be raining, cold, and miserable outside...you may be suffering from a major head cold and stuffy nose..whatever your problems, stick this in your hi-fi and soon you will be bathing in the pool of warm chocolate that is Anita's voice.  You'll be so mellow that the Apocalypse may happen right there and then..and you won't even care - or notice!  Believe me, for soul fans it doesn't come any better than this.
0792151712|5.0|The plot of this &quot;drama on the high seas&quot; is excelent. The only drawback is the dialogue. Often, it is simple and not very exciting. The dialogue of the character of Rose, for example, usually does not go more than 15 words without the utterance of her (in the eyes of her mother) unfit companion, Jack.  Many say &quot;if you want to see a great movie, walk into Titanic an hour late.&quot; I find this to be erroneous. Even though the dialogue is a bit slow sometimes, i still enjoyed Titanic, and will continue to enjoy it. As I said, Titanic is an excellent movie.  Best in a theatre, but probably very good at home also.     END
B000002HRE|5.0|Metallica, since their inception, never relied on media, or popular opinion to drive their career as musicians. Their success is due to their uncompromising attitude towards their music and the adoration of grass-roots fans, who don't particularly care what TIME or ROLLING STONE have to say about what is good music. Re-Load is a continuance of Metallica's experimentation with different sounds, textures, rythms...and it works very well. From the opening track &quot;Fuel&quot; the band revisits its earlier speed-metal influence in a quick and catchy four minutes. The tracks that follow take the listener over a number of different soundscapes. &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; is a haunting song with vocals contributed by Marianne Faithful. &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, more of a sequel than a remake of their 1991 song &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, takes the lyrical vision of the original song further...while changing the latter song around enough to make it more interesting. !  The most experimental song on this album has to be &quot;Fixxxer,&quot; with a Hendrixesque guitar wah-wah soaked opening, the song just rips into a guitar driven overload that builds and fades, while James Hetfield's vocals tell the story of a child subjected to unruly control.   All in all, this is Metallica's best artistic creation yet. And as any Metallica fan knows, it isn't necessarily a barometer of what direction they intend to go in next...but it is an indication that whatever style they play in, it will be good.
B000000WF9|5.0|For my money GATTACA should have won the Best Film  Oscar and certainly the Best Original Score Oscar, instead of making do with an Art Direction nomination.  This is a brilliantly conceived futuristic film that is unnervingly quiet - a thoughtful and mind-provoking look at a society that has become rigid and automized and an individual who dares to question it.  Jude Law's supporting performance should have also netted an Oscar.  The score is brilliant, eery and evocative,and ultimately quite moving.  A major addition to the original film score genre.
B000002J03|5.0|No more of that pansy wimpy fruity stuff, this album hits home with classic rock.  You have to be a wimp not to like it.
0452273331|5.0|few things in life have had as profound an impact on my life, personality and philosophy as this book.  after reading ten pages, i was so amazed by the sheer brilliance of rand that i continued to read for two straight days with a stupid grin on my face until the final page had been turned.  for anyone who has not read the book, words just don't help--you really need to experience it first hand.  it is not just a simple story of individual versus society, not just a theme of different versus the same--it is much more.  doors will open up to you, and even if you do not agree with all she says, your life will probably be fuller just by virtue of reading it.  i know mine is.
B000005JH5|5.0|I don't know why &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; became famous, while perfect songs like &quot;James&quot; and &quot;Moving&quot; are quite unknown. This album really is Moving, every song in it, from the Saxophone song to Them Heavy People - Perfect.
0399143904|5.0|I guess they won't have to go very far for action seeing as how the English are among the biggest eco-terrorists around.  The nuclear waste being dumped into the Irish Sea...
B000000FG8|5.0|This album is a classic mix of reggae-ska-punk-hard rock-etc.  A must-have for any happy day, or before a soccer game, or with friends pounding a few brewskies.  Sweet beats.
B000002JS6|5.0|AC-DC was in disarray when this album came out:  The  previous lead singer had died of alcohol poisoning.  Most said the band's best music had been played.  Nobody expected much.<br />This album was a monster.  Considering the tired and irritatingly &quot;artistic&quot; sound of the Who and Led Zeppelin, Back in Black kicked ass.  Listening to this album made you want to grab a stick and break something.<br />The opening riff of &quot;Shoot to Thrill&quot; can cause carpal tunnel syndrome trying to crank up the volume.<br />&quot;Given the Dog a Bone&quot; was a nightmare for English teachers and feminists, alike.  Arguably, if the act was completed, then the verb tense of the title was proper.    <br />Many complained that the title song was evil and anti-religious,  that it was a poster child for reincarnation, that Brian Johnson was really Bon Scott, rising from the dead.  Those people are now probably listening to Curt Cobain, and crying, while drinking cafe mocha.<br />Others com! plained that the music was just simple.  So damn what.   Ten songs, three chord guitar, screaming vocals.  No &quot;rock opera,&quot;  no social messages, just drink, smoke, and screw. <br />Isn't that the way it's supposed to be?
0345350499|5.0|Excellent novel. Recounts the Authurian legend from the female viewpoint. Sequel to Forest House and prequel to Lady of Avalon.
B000002J09|5.0|Three Words: &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;
B000002BHE|5.0|Hearing Celine Dion is like ecstacy itself.  I had Whitney Houston &quot;up there&quot; and now she has a partner in Celine.  What is interesting to note is hearing Celine, you sense genuiness to her songs, humbleness and pure pleasure.  I am one of her biggest fans.
0385484518|5.0|This book made me laugh out loud and weep openly during my NY subway commute.  It is a thought-provoking tribute to the aged that helps  the reader realize the human heroes we may encounter daily, and how important it is to appreciate them before they are taken from our lives.  It makes a wonderful gift.
0446364495|1.0|As a marketing professional, I envy Robert James Waller for having written this book, something so entirely calculated it could not fail to sell millions and make him and his publisher very, very rich.  (Doesn't he teach business in Oklahoma?) Unfortunately, for serious readers, this is the state of today's publishing world.  Their motto: &quot;Target your market and attack!  Appeal to the most common denominator.  This is a business!  We are not trying to change the world, we are trying to make a piece of change!&quot;  Can we blame their approach, with stockholders demanding the high returns?  Well, Waller delivers handsomely with this extended greeting card, zeroing in on the heartstrings of America's sexually/emotionally/familially frustrated hordes looking for anything to take their minds off of reality, if only for a few hours, which just so happens to be the maximum length of time it takes to read the book -- another calculation for the attention deficit disorder! ed masses.) The Bridges of Madison County is not about good literature.  It is not about dramatizing and bringing light to the social issues of our day.  It is about marketing sexual escape.  It is a romance novel of a different color, the old made new and respectable via a serious dust jacket.  (Something to share at church!)  Just look at the language used.  No one on this earth speaks as the main characters do.  A masculine hero who parts his wet hair down the middle and wears sandals?  Don't make me throw up.  (Even Clint Eastwood recognized this weakness in the &quot;plot&quot; and thus left it out of his script for the movie.)No serious person can say this is art, but that's not why books are published these days anyway.  They are selected on their money-making merit.  Witness the Bridges wannabe, The Note Book.  Another piece of crap that keeps selling, satisfying both the author and printer.  You'll have to excuse me now.  I'm off to my typewriter and my sappy love let! ter to the lonely women of  America.  Thank you, Mr. Waller!  for showing me the way.  Let's see, what will I buy first?
B0000039QA|5.0|The Greatest Hip-Hop album I have ever heard.The man had more lyrical talent than anyone in Rap history. I would pick a favorite song, but it would take up my review to list all the tracks.. R.I.P. Big Poppa(THE GREATEST RAPPER OF ALL TIME)
0399143904|1.0|Tom Clancy is not known for his ability to write prose but at least he usually writes an engaging techno thriller.(Hunt for Red October, Red Storm  Rising). This time his characters aren't substantial enough to qualify as cardboard. The plot is not  so original or well written to even be a cliche  and is about as exciting as a glass of cold spit. Half-way through the book you may start hoping the terrorists win. A world-wide plague couldn't possibly be more miserable than trying to finish this book   If you are a die-hard  Clancy Fan and MUST have anything he has written, at least wait a week for it to show up on the bargain table. Better, wait for the paper-back and buy it used.
0440178002|5.0|An intensive experience inside the life of the samurai, and life itself. A strategic political masterpiece in the struggle for power.
0786112581|1.0|The topic was interesting.  I knew very little about the China-Japan part of WWII.  That such  horrific occurance has gone under-reported is really a crime.  But this book is, sadly, kind of boring.  It is also very repetitive, as though the story could have been a short news artiicle or series of articles. (A magazine article).  Too bad this had to be expanded to make it appear book-size.  If you buy a hard-copy, the font of the print is large and the margins are wide.  May have made a passable graduate thesis.
B0000084J7|4.0|Take Debussy's Claire de Lune, add some feedback and silent bits, sprinkle in a touch of Martin Fetltham's awesome electric harmonica, an upright bass that could stress a hip-hop addict's car stereo, lyrics that are more intrumental than clear (they are quite poetic and are in the liner for the curious), and an excellent production/mixing and you will come close to this.  Much more mellow than prior releases...Robbie McIntosh and Martin Ditcham are back, but Tim Friese-Greene is gone.  :-(  Still, Mark has certainly stretched even -his- envelope with this one.  Much more disciplined, yet there is still evidence of creative freedom.  Well worth the extra currency.  Go for it.
B000007R1A|3.0|In the 60s, Eric Clapton was GOD, but after that he became addicted and than (only) human. His 461 Ocean Boulevard, recorded in Florida, was a shock to many old believers, but his laid back approach also brought him a new and broader audience. Its a fine album, with some strong emotional songs like Please be with me and Let it grow, and also some more straightforward stuff, pleasing, but not too special.
B000002J09|2.0|Sorry to knock out a line of five star reviews, but along with another fellow who gave this album two stars, i must agree that save for a couple of gems such as Stairway and Black Dog, the album wasnt particularly great.
0395860210|5.0|I have never read a book that handled the turmoil of the 1960s and 1970s with such sensitivity and intelligence.  Mr. Roth's character development and dignified portrayal of a diversity of types is astonishing.  He addresses subject matter that has been written about frequently, but manages to do so without being preachy, simplistic or trite.  Anyone who has ever been interested in generation gap issues from the 1970s should read this book, Mr. Roth nailed 'em!
B000001ESF|5.0|no other band could have brought the desperation of communism to your mind, and rocked you.  2112 is truely orwell and rand in tune, true to there dark nature.  a warning to us all. more than a work of art.
0880389052|5.0|From the second I pick up book 1 of the Dark Elf Trilogy, I was captivated by the intense way of writing.  This book has given me a profound new way of reading.  I just completed Homeland and can't wait to begin Book 2: Exile.  Salvatore is and absolute genius.  I would find myself up into the early morning reading of Drizzt's struggle in a world with no integrity that he could not appreciate.  It's amazing that an author can come up with a society such as the Drow.  This book has definately created a new interest in my reading, and I am definately going to read more like it.  Salvatore's stunning writing and play of words captivated me like no other book has.  From the moment of Drizzt's birth, to the stunning climax, and up until the moment Drizzt disappears and leave his only home, I found myself not wanting to miss a single word.  And the imagery of Guenhwyvar as being the only one who understands Drizzt is absolutely pure genius.
0897500482|5.0|If you wont a Bruce lee Book Get this one.Dont wast your money on the other one.this is the truly the best book out.I have Bruce Lee's Fighting Method Vol.1,2,and 3 but this one has more for a less price
B000000YBQ|5.0|Mellow-evening-at-a-jazz-club jazz.  Brilliant bass playing by Scott LaFaro on the pretty Waltz for Debby.
0399143904|5.0|I am only about 75 pages into this novel, but based on my past readings of Tom Clancy's works, this book is right up there among the best.  I can't wait to see what happens next!
0399143904|5.0|Rainbow Six is yet more proof that nobody writes about suspense, political intrigue or military operations with the skill of Tom Clancy. Jack Ryan is a great character, but John T. Clark has a bit more &quot;every man&quot; in him. He's a slightly flawed person who does what he thinks is right and I think most of us would agree with his conclusions. I was very excited to learn that Clancy was doing a another book with Clark as the primary character. When I heard that Ding Chavez was to be included as well, I was thrilled. Much to my reading pleasure, Clancy delivers yet again. Now I can't wait until he teams up Ryan, Clark, Chavez and Dan Murray again. I know he's started the next Ryan novel, I just hope I can make it till that release date.
0670880728|3.0|I had trouble getting involved with this book; specifically, I never liked the character . Bridget is a shallow, self-obsessed individual that spends the book trying to find personal happiness through sex, alcohol, and complaint sessions with her friends. We women may all do this to an extent, but who has the patience to sit though page after page of it? You may find it somewhat amusing, granted, but there's no deep thoughts anywhere here. No wonder she's unhappy.
B000002KP3|5.0|T.Rex did not enjoy as much success in america as they did in britain. Electric warrior stands as the one album that put their name on the US map. Songs like &quot;bang-a-gong&quot; and &quot;Jeepster&quot; were both US hits. The album contains much more than that, for example,  the rhythmic groove of &quot;mambo sun&quot; sho off Mickey Finns frantic bongo style. The album is a perfect mix of the elements that make T.rex one of the most influential Rock Bands of the 70's.
B000000WJZ|5.0|If you like alternative rock, you will love this CD.  It is the best Pumpkin's so far and maybe the best music ever.  Try it.
0964385619|5.0|This book is easy to read and follow, Very basic, valuable, honest usable information...  A must for any one interested in wealth...  From someone who has been there, this book is long overdue!!!
1563523302|5.0|The authors have done an excellent of tying together their massive amounts of data into a useful and easy to understand context.  The authors do not propose they know how to make you rich, like so many other books do.  Instead they offer examples of the methodologies of successful people.  Each of the millionaires made their money in their own way.  So this isn't about particular investing strategies, but instead lifestyle methodologies.<br />For those reviewers who write about the authors being wrong, and that 85% of people in Beverly Hills must be wealthy, I ask you this:  DID YOU READ THE BOOK?  This is the largest study of wealth ever done.  They offer proven statistics to back up their claim.  You offer nothing.  Ever hear of Invincible Ignorance?  Look it up.
B0000057C5|5.0|This CD is very difficult to explain. I did, at first, buy the CD for &quot;Du Hast&quot;. After listening to the CD, I have enjoyed all of the songs. I do have some background in German, and it made the CD a little more enjoyable, but if you need a tune in specific, try &quot;Klavier&quot;, a song about a ghost at the piano.
B000000H66|5.0|If you like melodic but powerful music, you have to buy this cd, this is excellent....
0140186395|5.0|A book that teach es us how to live. Discusses religion without bein religious. Shows us characters and their spirit without being pathetic. Trully one of the best ever. As I said in others, the only words to describe it are the words in it.
0670880728|5.0|Wow!  what an amazing book.   I hated it....when I turned to February and realized there were only 11 more months to go. (By the way, who let Helen Fielding into my head?)  <br />Life's about searching, and Bridget Jones certainly is searching--for Inner Poise, for a great job, for the perfect body, and of course, for that elusive perfect boyfriend.  This book won't tell you how to get any of those; instead, it helps you laugh at how serious we often take ourselves.  This is a little strange, but...it's changed my life.
B000002L9B|5.0|Minneapolis meets the South of France in a whirlwind of fun and attitude.  Don't miss ANOTHERLOVER, SOMETIMES IT SNOWS IN APRIL or VENUS DEMILO.  The French never had it this good.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This is a really great album.  I can listen to it again and again.  The vocals, the guitar, the bass and the drums all fit together in this intricitly wound choas.  It's pure, raw emotion.
0425152251|5.0|While I was in college, I never had time to read for pleasure. I forgot it could be fun.  Then, I was travelling around Europe and I had plenty of time to kill on trains and buses.  A girl I met gave me this book and I was hooked.  I couldn't stop reading, and going through Greece, France, and Germany meant so much more.    Once I fell into Sophie's World, I was interested in philosophy. The story threw me in for such a loop, I began to question my own existance. I'm not sure how accurate all the details are, but now I know which philosophies to read up on.
B0000062W7|5.0|Many would say that the Deftones sound like Korn. But not I.  While they do come from the same genre of music, whatever that might be, they are my no means the same.  The Deftones are unique in a way that cannot be explained.  Their driving guitar riffs are superub, and Chino's vocals are emotional and strait from the heart, all the while Abe Cunningham's drumming and Chi Cheng's bass lines keep all of it going, the end result is something like organized choas.
B000001Y79|4.0|Gwen Stefani has a very interesting voice. most of the time its good but sometimes she screeches. The songs are verygood. My favorites are &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and &quot;The Climb&quot;
0195067142|5.0|Perhaps the defintive Marine memoir of ground combat in the Pacific.  Shows us all the paradox of war; horror and savagery beyond belief and the love, dedication and espirit de corps that holds men together through the hell of it all.  It's simply a masterpiece; one of the most emotionally stirring WWII books one will ever read.
B000001Y79|5.0|This CD is soooo awesome!  I don't know of anyone that doesn't like it!  From the moment I got it I was in awe.  Not only is Gwen the best alternative singer I know of, but the rest of the band is also slammin'.  If you visit their website you can find out for yourself that they're not only teriffic musicians, but nice, down-to-earth people (and still manage to be cool)
0156711427|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book (even though it was a requirement for school!), but it left my mind a &quot;muddle.&quot;  I've searched the web for commentary and analysis, but haven't found much.  Along with the intricate themes and messages of the book, I was intrigued by the character of Mrs Moore.  Can she legitimately be called an individual on the verge of an existential crisis?  She starts out as such an understanding, loving, religious figure, but progresses toward an apathetic one.  The Caves obviously affect Mrs. Moore to the very depths of her soul and being.  She wonders if there is anything in life that really means anything at all.  She feels physically sick.  She is emotionally withdrawn from the rest of the characters in the novel. She believes Aziz to be innoncent but does not speak out or make her opinion known; as if she feels, &quot;what difference would it make?&quot;  So, although Mrs. Moore realizes that there is no inherent meaning to life itself! , she never gets the chance to create her own meaning after her existential crisis.  I'm not sure if this is a correct analysis, but it intrigues me.  Maybe other readers have been curious about the same thing.
0515123447|5.0|when I really enjoy a book, I keep coming back to the parts I mostly enjoyed and read again, and again. And I had to do this quite often in this case. It was a real page-turner from the beginning, it costed me one day and one night of my vacation to read it. Good storys develop their own momentum, an own language, the characters come alive and roam freely through our imagination which such a power that one has to know the ending as soon as possible. Eventhough I am a dedicated sci-fi fan, and some of the situations depicted were quite placative I can recommend this book to every man or woman. Looking forward to its sequel.
B000002IAS|5.0|more people, more instruments, more notes, more beauty than the vast majority of rock recordings. fun and fast, but some slow and melancholy, too. a christmas concert from croyden, england, that also had dave mason and traffic (not appearing on this cd, however). if anybody knows where the rest of the recordings of d &amp; b &amp; friends with clapton are please tell me (some tunes showed up on &quot;the best of eric clapton&quot;, a two-album collection from the early 70s).
0140131558|5.0|It is unnecessary to say something...I read all his books again and again, tasting every detail. While reading you feel yourself so inside of the story and so out of it at the same time. Everybody should read!!!!!
B000002GDJ|5.0|Imagine (if you can) what the Police's music would have sounded like with a conventional guitarist and drummer:  By itself, there's nothing special about &quot;Walking on the Moon&quot;'s bass line, but throw in Stewart's reggae drum beat and Andy's surreal guitar part, and you've got a song that sounds as good in 1998 as it did in 1978.  Timeless.  The same holds for &quot;Deathwish&quot;, &quot;Bring on the Night&quot;, and &quot;The Bed's too Big&quot;.  There's more groundbreaking material on Regatta de Blanc than on any other Police record, especially in terms of the band's playing fast-and-loose with the traditional rock music framework.  In fact, the balance of the band's career was spent trying to refine the sounds which were first experimented with on their 1978-9 US tour and later released on Regatta de Blanc.  Only Zenatta comes close to Regatta's freshness, uniqueness, and historical importance.  This record holds the seeds for the Police's ultimate greatnes! s.
156849114X|5.0|Like Michener, Rutherford brings life and history alive in this chronicle of one of England's most ancient cities.  I am so impressed with his ability to weave history and fiction into an exciting account that teaches as well as entertains.  This should be must reading for anyone who says they don't find history interesting.  To follow a &quot;family&quot; through several thousand years is an outstanding accomplishment.  His novel, LONDON, is just as engrossing.
B0000057C5|5.0|An incredible follow-up to &quot;Herzeleid&quot;, this album carries on the tradition of strong gutteral lyrix with heavy guitar.  The softer songs, such as &quot;Spiel mit Mir&quot; and &quot;Klavier&quot;, show a lighter side to Till's voice, reminiscent of &quot;Seemann&quot;.  The only change I would offer would be to ignore tracks 12 and 13, the Englisch versions of &quot;Engel&quot; and &quot;Du Hast&quot;.  Something is lost in the translation...the fire, the spirit, the rolling r's.  My advice: Go out and buy this album NOW!
B000000OAN|5.0|Not only is &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot; the greatest Queen song ever, but it is the best rock vocal ever recorded to date, and probably will be forever.  Brian May (guitarist), may have penned the tune, but Freddie Mercury breathed his life-giving breath into the song's nostrils and made the song and the rest of the album historical.
B000005K48|5.0|The Spice World Import CD has bonus track: Step To Me, which isn't available on their American version of Spice World. Its manufactured by Toshiba-Virgin LTD.
B000000993|5.0|Wow... the first time I heard this album I didn't think it compared to nima at all. I was wrong on that one! Undertow is not Tool's best album, in fact I'd rate it 2nd under nima, but it is one of the best albums ever to be produced. I purchased Undertow because of my burning desire to own another Tool album and discovered that it was a very wise purchase. The first time that I listened to the album I didn't enjoy it as much cause I didn't pay attention to the lyrics. Maynard is a lyrical genius who needs to be given every ounce of respect possible. His emotional voice brings every song on this album to life! Adam's use of artificial harmonics and feedback is brilliant. I have two more words about this album... BUY IT!
B000002BQK|5.0|I have this CD and I find that I can listen to it anytime.  Each song has a deaper meaning than what it says.  I find it very entertaining and thought-prevoking.
B000003TA4|2.0|I dont like Nirvana. The only reason this album was so well accepted during that time period was because it was different and there was nothing else going on. I gave it two stars for the songs that It taught me in my first week of guitar playing. The drummer wasnt too much to brag about either.
B000003RCY|5.0|This album kicks serious butt!!!  Varying from the techno-esque sound of &quot;Weisses Fleisch&quot; to the Gothic and ominous &quot;Heirate Mich&quot;, this album has everything for any serious fan of heavier musik. Also, the German language with the musik makes this band sound much darker and explosive...
B000001E7L|5.0|I have owned this album for over three years now and I still listen to it almost daily!  The song &quot;NO NEED TO ARGUE&quot; is especially enchanting.  The words express so much emotion and feeling that is hard for me not to cry when I listen to it!  This album has helped me through many hard times and I find very meaningful.  I hope that people buy this CD so they can appreciate 'The Cranberries' wonderful music!
B000002UKS|5.0|Well, they did it again putting out an  awesome CD, the Color and The Shape. And i was reading a review and someone said that My Hero was about his friend and how cool he was and stuff. Do you even read the lyrics? The song is &quot;Too hard now to talk about, take your pictures down...&quot; it's obviously about someone dead. Duh. Kurt. Cobain. Kurt Cobain.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis is soooo kewl!  She seems to let her emotions out when she sings.  Not many of the songs on this album are okay.  CUZ THEY'RE ALL GREAT!!!  It's no wonder why Alanis got so many Grammys.  Buy it as soon as possible!
B000001Y5X|5.0|Portrait of An American Family is an excellent album.  Marilyn Manson is truly talented and this album displays  the band's excellent musical and writing abilities.  Buy it - it'll rock your world.
B000001E7L|3.0|While some songs like &quot;Ode to my Family&quot; and &quot;Zombie&quot; are teriffic, others aren't so catchy.  Also, the lyrics all seem to be about the same subjects.  Anyway, what's with the couch?
0800196341|4.0|Hamlet: the film<br />There's an undeniable magnificence to Kenneth Branagh's sometimes perfect film version of Hamlet - lavish, epic, BIG and (in contrast to most other versions of Hamlet) colourful. But with all due respect to the brilliance of the film-maker and the outstanding qualities of the production, for my money it was OVER DIRECTED. Now, I'm someone who really enjoyed the Zeffirelli version with Mel Gibson - so you can decide right now if you want to continue reading this turkey's review. The cold, stony Elisinor of Zeffirelli's film seemed a far more apt location for a Hamlet than Branagh's sparkling Versailles-like palace. To illustrate, the famous &quot;To be or not to be&quot; soliloquy worked much better the Zeffirelli's crypt that in Branagh's Hall of Mirrors.<br />And here is were we have the major sticking point for me. Branagh made much of his use of the Hall of Mirrors in the text version , and a reading of this sequence shows what might have been a highl! y effective moment - but it was lost in the final editing! The sequence was supposed to look like Hamlet was reciting the soliloquy to Claudius (Hamlet screenplay by Kenneth Branagh, paperback version: p. 77 - \\"We cut between the two\\"), but in the final cut the camera lingers lingers lingers lingers on Hamlet. A great artistic cinematic moment has been consigned to oblivion!<br />And this leads to my final negative: the too busy camera work. Branagh, to my mind, stuffed up his Frankenstein with the overuse of the \\"circling steadicam\\"  (you know, where the actors are in the middle and the camera circles them, usually to connote a very tense moment between them) - and I'm afraid this dreaded device is back in Hamlet. Mate, Shakespeare's WORDS and the superb acting of your cast are enough, you don't need camera tricks! The best version of Hamlet I ever saw, and the one to which I must compare all Hamlets, starred Richard Roxburgh as Hamlet and Geoffrey Rush as Horatio. It was on sta! ge with virtually no set and, of course, no camera work. Th! e sheer power of the words in the mouths of such fine actors was more than enough to carry away the audience. Yes, cinema is different, but the camera work in Branagh's Hamlet too often TOOK AWAY from the text rather than enhancing it.<br />The positives: great acting from all, and SO WHAT about Jack Lemmon? Marcellus is hardly a pivotal role and it was interesting to see Felix Unger in something so different from his usual stuff. Richard Briers' Polonius was absolutely outstanding - a superb interpretation thanks both to Briers' acting and Branagh's writing of the part. Derek Jacobi was also terrific as Claudius, and I also really liked Charlton Heston's Player King very much. I'm just singling out a few, but almost everyone was in top form - and lots of the credit for that has to go to Branagh!<br />It's also a credit to Branagh that he did THE WHOLE PLAY! Good on him! It's so rarely done, even on stage. It must be an incredible challenge to sustain a vision for such a long shoot.!  <br />A great movie indeed, but not the greatest movie or even the greatest Shakespeare movie (just to limit it to Branagh, both Henry V and Much Ado About Nothing are more successful movies overall - again, TO ME). Nevertheless, when it comes to filming Shakespeare, no one beats Branagh (certainly not Baz Luhrman). I can't wait for his next one!!     END
B000006NPY|4.0|I originaly bought this CD for the song &quot;Ava Adore.&quot;  I still love that song, but the others are only so-so.  I'm not sure if it's the beat or the melody or what, but unless you listen carefully to the lyrics, the songs all sound the same.  I do admit that it seemed like some thought was put into the lyrics.
B000000Y27|5.0|If you know Wes Montgomery, then I'm sure you already have this album.  If not, well then, Wes was probably the most influential jazz guitarist ever, and this is his most influential record.  It belongs on the short list of the top jazz recordings of all time, and in every collection.  It's sublime.
0688158129|5.0|Ms Picoult's characters are so real, you feel as if you had made new friends and don't  want to loose them. One of those books that you can't wait to finish but then you really don't want it to end!
B000002UA0|5.0|Pink Floyd's debut album was a forebearer of the great things to come!  This is one great batch of songs.  Most are written by co-founder Syd Barrett.  The riff on Lucifer Sam is immortal, and the ride you will take on Interstellar Overdrive will be on that lasts for a lifetime.   Bike is a playful little tune while Chapter 24 is one of the most haunting and disturbing songs I've ever heard.  Roger's only solo lyrical contribution is in the form of Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk.  I like it and I think the beginning is neat.  Sadly, this was Barrett's only album with Floyd.  But before he left, he made some great music.  This is a must buy for all Floyd fans.  Its a real step away from Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall.  It'll be a strange first listen but, after that, you'll enjoy every note!
B0000024JN|5.0|This cd is hot, I fyou are just buying the album now you have missed listening to it for 12 years!
B000001FY9|5.0|If you haven't listened to much reggae or haven't bought a reggae cd, start with this one.  I can honestly say, there is not a bad song on this album.  Some are better, but all are good.  My personal favorite is No Woman, No Cry which was recorded live at the Lyceum in London.  Besides being a great song, the crowd is singing along which shows you how much brotherhood there is to be found in reggae.  Everyone's your brother or sister.  Of course, there's the hit I Shot The Sheriff. And the goodwill song of One Love. Buffalo Soldier is a great look into what African Americans came to during the days of slavery and  how they felt (and possibly do feel even now).  But really, you will not be sorry for buying this album.  It gives great insight into the beliefs of the Rastafari and Bob himself.  You'll either dance, sing along, cry, or think.  No wonder Bob was the First Third World Superstar!
0380729407|4.0|I can't believe I waited until age 28 to read this book - and I'm such a Bradbury fan!  I think it would have clicked more with me at a younger age, but it was still fun to read.  This is a classic example of Bradbury's &quot;indirect storytelling&quot;... he presents the framework or essential elements of a situation, and then it's left for your imagination to fill in the blanks and interpret it.  In other words, this book does not spoon-feed you every piece of underlying plot or meaning - that depends on you.  It is definitely a spooky book (though somewhat dated and long-winded), and I would recommend it to anyone.
0446605409|4.0|Overall a fine story with fast pace, interesting characters and lots of laughs along the way.  Which makes it one of my favorites.
B000000XB9|5.0|i have had the honor of seeing them play live  their music has a timeless energy unlike bands that come and go with their 1-hit wonders  i also enjoy fleetwood mac &amp; the cars  for me its the feeling in the music thats important &quot;how it affects you personally&quot; i thank God for creating music for us  and for making talented musician's :-)
B000002UVZ|5.0|When I was in college, a friend of my roommate's once visited us from out of town. We were all R.E.M. fans so he asked me which R.E.M. album was my favorite. When I answered Lifes Rich Pageant, my roommate's friend laughed and sneered \\"That's probably the WORST R.E.M. album!\\" That guy was a real idiot.    Lifes Rich Pageant is no longer my favorite R.E.M. album (that title now goes to Automatic For The People) but it's still in my Top 2 or 3 and it has a good many of my all-time favorite R.E.M. songs, including \\"Fall On Me,\\" \\"Begin The Begin,\\" \\"The Flowers of Guatemala,\\" \\"Just A Touch,\\" and \\"I Believe.\\" Pageant is bold and brash, political and punchy, daring and defiant. I just love it.    Coming off the intriguing but murky Fables of the Reconstruction and the exhaustive tour that followed that album, the band was looking for some renewed energy for their fourth album. In a surprising move, they turned to producer Don Gehman, best known for his work with mainstream rocker John Mellencamp. With Gehman's assistance, the band rediscovered the energy they had left on Reckoning, punched up their sound, and took a giant leap toward superstardom in the process. And they did all of this while remaining true to themselves -- the songs were still smart, enigmatic, and uniquely R.E.M..    There are so many highlights here including a slew of bright ferocious rockers like \\"These Days,\\" \\"Hyena,\\" \\"I Believe,\\" and \\"Just A Touch.\\" Then there's the beautiful and moving \\"The Flowers of Guatemala,\\" a lively cover of The Clique's \\"Superman\\" with Mike Mills singing lead, the Civil War ballad \\"Swan Swan H,\\" and \\"Underneath The Bunker,\\" which sounds like something you'd hear in a Greek restaurant. And who can forget the band's bold call-to-arms \\"Begin The Begin,\\" or the environmentally-themed \\"Cuyahoga\\" and \\"Fall On Me,\\" one of the absolute best songs in the entire R.E.M. catalog. Really, every song here is just fantastic.    Murmur started the college rock revolution, Fables became a dark classic, and Automatic For The People is the band's masterpiece, but Lifes Rich Pageant arguably best captures that signature R.E.M. sound. If you absolutely insist on only owning a handful of R.E.M. albums, Lifes Rich Pageant must be one of those albums.
B000002BBY|5.0|AS USUAL, OASIS ACCOMPLISHES IT ALL IN JUST 12 SONGS. THE DRUMMING IS NOT LIKE ANY I'VE EVER HEARD BEFORE, AND THE VOCALS ARE JUST TO INCREDIBLE TO DESCRIBE, AND THE GUITARS ARE SO ORIGINAL AND SO MUCH FUN TO LISTEN. WHO IS THE GENIUS BEHIND ALL THIS? WELL, WHOLE BAND, TECHNICALLY, BUT ACTUALLY, IT'S NOEL!!!!!!!! YOU MUST HAVE THIS CD!! AND IF YOU ALREADY DO, GO GET &quot;BE HERE NOW&quot;!!!!
B000002UW1|4.0|R.E.M. had taken a major step toward the mainstream with Lifes Rich Pageant, their first gold album. Document built upon that success, becoming the band's first platinum album and yielding one Top 10 hit in \\"The One I Love\\" and two minor chart hits in \\"Finest Worksong\\" and the Dylan-esque apocalyptic romp \\"It's The End of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine),\\" which has become a huge fan favorite. To their credit, the band managed to attract their new fans without alienating their old ones. R.E.M. had arrived.    There are some remarkable similarities between Document and Lifes Rich Pageant. \\"Finest Worksong\\" replaced \\"Begin The Begin\\" as the opening call-to-arms track. \\"Welcome To The Occupation,\\" addressing the country's policies toward Central America, is sort of a sequel to \\"The Flowers of Guatemala.\\" \\"Strange,\\" like \\"Superman\\" on Pageant, was Document's resident cover song. Above all, both albums are loud, upbeat, and listener friendly.    Document is far more political than Pageant, however, and is arguably the most scathing political album in the R.E.M. catalog. Keep in mind, this album did come out in 1987 at the tail end of the Reagan Iran-Contra era and R.E.M., like a lot of people, weren't happy about where the country was at that point in time. Hence, you get \\"Finest Worksong,\\" where the band tries to summon the masses to action, and the aforementioned \\"Welcome To The Occupation,\\" and \\"Exhuming McCarthy\\" which just blasts blind American patriotism and jingoism -- although it does it over a ridiculously catchy beat. Most of the songs here are catchy, actually, which kind of belies the album's darker themes.    Document roars to life from the very beginning and I think the first half of the album -- from \\"Finest Worksong\\" to \\"It's the End of the World...\\" is really great. But the album becomes a little more uneven after that. Sure, \\"The One I Love\\" was a Top 10 hit, but it also comes dangerously close to the realm of standard Classic Rock. \\"Fireplace\\"features a brilliant saxophone solo but is otherwise unremarkable. Same for \\"Lightnin' Hopkins\\" which is kind of fun and manic, but hardly among the band's best songs. And the album wraps up with the grim and ominous \\"Oddfellows Local 151,\\" which never really did much for me.    The one highlight, for me, on the second half of the album is \\"King of Birds,\\" which is one of those buried gems in the R.E.M. catalog. With its marching drums (kind of a throwback to Reckoning's \\"Time After Time\\"), psychedelic guitar touches, layered vocals, and Michael's brilliant lyrics, \\"King of Birds\\" is a real treat.    Document marked the end of the road with I.R.S. Records for R.E.M. as they would move on to Warner Brothers for their next album, Green. The move to a major label was inevitable, as the band had shown steady progress over their five albums with I.R.S.. They were, as Rolling Stone proclaimed, \\"America's Best Rock & Roll Band\\" and the next challenge ahead of them was to go global.
B000002LFU|4.0|Green isn't my favorite album in the R.E.M. discography, but it will always hold a special place in my heart because it was my introduction to my favorite band. In the spring of 1990, when I was 15 years old, I bought Green on a whim for $2 at a flea market and a whole new world opened up for me.    Green was a new beginning for R.E.M. as well -- their first major label release after a solid career at I.R.S. records that netted them one gold album (Lifes Rich Pageant), one platinum album (Document), one Top 10 hit (\\"The One I Love\\") and, courtesy of Rolling Stone, the title of \\"America's Best Rock and Roll Band.\\" Expectations were high for the band, and they met those expectations with Green and the massive world tour that followed. Warner Brothers, to their credit, let R.E.M. be R.E.M. and didn't place a lot of demands on the band for big chart-topping singles. Given that freedom, the band was able to produce a big diverse rock album that was both an artistic and a commercial success.    Green has a little bit of everything -- from the bubblegum pop of songs like \\"Stand,\\" \\"Get Up,\\" and \\"Pop Song 89\\" to bombastic rockers like \\"Orange Crush\\" and \\"Turn You Inside-Out\\" to moody, reflective songs like \\"You Are The Everything,\\" \\"World Leader Pretend,\\" \\"Hairshirt,\\" and \\"The Wrong Child.\\" It's a remarkable display of the band's talent. There simply aren't that many bands (if any) that could pull off something as diverse as Green.    Having said that, the album, as a whole, really doesn't grab me as much as some of their other albums do (like Automatic For The People) although several of my favorite R.E.M. songs are here, including the stunning and powerful \\"World Leader Pretend,\\" which may be my all-time favorite. I also love the swagger of \\"Turn You Inside-Out\\" and the emotion of \\"The Wrong Child,\\" which is told from the point of view of a handicapped child. The furious \\"Orange Crush\\" is an all out assault, with Peter Buck doing his best impression of The Edge. And few bands can write pop songs like R.E.M., when the mood hits them -- \\"Pop Song 89\\" is all bounce, \\"Stand\\" just makes me smile, and Bill Berry's idea to play music boxes in the middle of \\"Get Up\\" was just inspired.    R.E.M. really came through with their major label debut. Green is a great album. Still, the best was really yet to come with the commercial success of Out of Time and their masterpiece, Automatic For The People.
B000002LOE|4.0|After flirting with mainstream success for a few albums, R.E.M. finally became international megastars with the success of their seventh album Out of Time. It's always amazed me that this album was as successful as it was. Don't get me wrong, it's a great album although it's far from their best work. But think of the musical landscape when Out of Time came out -- people like Mariah Carey, Wilson Phillips and Michael Bolton were all over the radio at that time. Then this rock band from Athens, Georgia puts out a decidedly non-rock album and it soars to #1. And remember, this was right before Nirvana broke big and other alternative bands flooded the market. Amazing.    Or maybe it wasn't so amazing. After all, there was \\"Losing My Religion\\" -- still one of the most brilliant songs in the R.E.M. songbook. It's catchy, beautiful and enigmatic and it didn't hurt that the music video was just as beautiful and enigmatic and ran on MTV constantly. Just a perfect song. Oh, but then there was the album's other hit -- \\"Shiny Happy People\\" -- which must have been written as a slap in the face to all those people who thought \\"Stand\\" was the dumbest song ever. \\"Shiny Happy People\\" is exactly what it proclaims -- shiny and happy, for better or worse. It'll either bring a smile to your face or encourage you to jam a pencil into your eardrum.    In addition to \\"Losing My Religion,\\" the other highlight on this album for me is \\"Country Feedback,\\" which is just dripping in melancholy and emotion, and features a stunning guitar Peter Buck guitar solo as Michael Stipe pleads \\"I need this...\\" It's a gut wrenching performance that comes across even better live.    Other highlights include the enigmatic spoken word number \\"Belong,\\" the very pretty instrumental \\"Endgame,\\" and the bouncy \\"Me In Honey,\\" which Stipe said was his answer to the 10,000 Maniacs song \\"Eat For Two.\\" Mike Mills takes over the lead vocals on two songs -- the Beach Boys-esque \\"Near Wild Heaven\\" and the Moody Blues-esque\\"Texarkana.\\" Rapper KRS-One lends a hand (and a rap) on the funky \\"Radio Song\\" and B-52 Kate Pierson pops up on a few songs, most notably on \\"Shiny Happy People\\" and \\"Me In Honey.\\" Actually, it's interesting how much of a backseat Michael Stipe takes on this album. The first person you hear on the album is KRS-One and the last person you hear is Kate Pierson. Then there's the instrumental song and the two songs which feature Mike Mills instead . Stipe definitely has a presence on Out of Time but he's featured much less here on any other R.E.M. album.    All in all, it's a beautiful album with a few flaws -- I never personally cared much for \\"Low\\" or \\"Shiny Happy People,\\" and there are some songs that I thought were just okay, like \\"Radio Song\\" and \\"Texarkana.\\" But the album's highlights -- \\"Losing My Religion\\" and \\"Country Feedback\\" -- are so stunning and so perfect that they make the entire album a treasure.
0399128964|5.0|Its hard to imagine that this book was written in the 60s. Dune's technology, from the stillsuits which retain body moisture in the desert to the terraforming effort, was far ahead of its time. Dune is a blend of both science fiction and politics. It is a must read and not just for the sci-fi aficiando.
031218087X|5.0|You'll either love it or hate it! Crichton technology, DeMille humor, and plenty of surprises. Enjoyed the setting. Had never heard of the NSA!
0900652985|5.0|Though it is impossible to contain all the Roman coins in a single volume, this is the best single book on coins and their approximate values (given in British pounds).
B000002UW1|4.0|Before they really got big, R.E.M. produced one of their most vivid and diverse albums so far. Document is really a document, with outstanding tracks like The One I Love (their breakthrough in the States, I believe), the fabulous Its The End Of the World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine) and others like Exhuming McCarthy. They got bigger afterwards, but were they ever better?
0131099507|5.0|This is the most important book I ever read! It shows us that the programming is so easy and simple as the most of the greatest things. Don't miss this book even you are programming in the present or the feature.
0399143904|4.0|Having read all of Clancy's novels to date I must admit this is a great story. If you liked, &quot;Patriot Games,&quot; I think you will really enjoy &quot;Rainbow Six.&quot;  My big problem with this latest Clancy fancy isn't the story! It is the POOR proofreading. Alas, they have become complacent. Spelling errors abound, important story line foul-ups and yes, folks, grammatical errors. I am most aghast that Mr. Clancy would let this document go to press with his name on it!! The title should be &quot;Needed: Proofreader.&quot; Please advise your publisher to get on the ball and hire some English-capable people.
B000001OAA|5.0|All hail Garbage... a rocking album with a dark seductive edge... makes depression seem like a comfortable place to visit... after all, there's nothing quite so pleasurable as a lovely warm bit of pain... but this album comes bleedin' close.
B000002N2Z|4.0|The thing that struck me first about this CD is how lead singer Chino uses emotion and really gets worked up in the songs.  This is a must for any good metal band.  This cd, being superior to &quot;around the fur,&quot; is definatly a good addition to any collection.
0399143904|5.0|RAINBOW SIX is a nicely crafted work.  Tom Clancy has made, John Clark and his protoge (now son-in-law) Domingo Chavez, the central figures attempting to save society from the depredations of terrorists.  The terrorists are unleashed upon Europe as part of a greater plan by a group intending to save the planet from man, by exterminating him, except for selected members of &quot;The Project&quot;.<br />The story flows well from beginning to end, with the reader getting the feel of being in a an anti-terrorist group.  Most of the time any such unit is training or watching its target, striking quickly and leaving before the last echo fades.  The mindsets &quot;The Project&quot; are explored as well, with the reader being left with the clear message that those who play God may be judged by him sooner rather than later.<br />BRAVO ZULU, Tom!
B000002J6F|5.0|Stephen Stills fought a lot of wars, mostly within himself. His own Civil Wars brought him (back) to Manassas, the one station in his career you cant afford to miss. Originally released as a double-album, Manassas takes you in different directions, from bluegrass to country-rock, to Latin and rock n roll. With the likes of Chris Hillman (still around and kickin) and Al Perkins, Stills offers a great overview of American music no one should miss.
0440131480|5.0|Written on the occasion of his fiftieth birthday, Vonnegut chose this auspicious occasion to revisit the life of one of his characters who appeared in earlier novels--Kilgore Trout, an obscure science fiction writer, whom Vonnegut now allows to become rich and famous, despite Trout's total lack of interest in fame and fortune. (Bruce Willis got the part!) Vonnegut's beautiful phrases are few and far between. His ironic truths are delivered in short, straightforward sentences--a sometimes gentle, sometimes not so gentle confrontation. Vonnegut is in a class by himself. Unlike other satirists, he shows a genuine affection for his characters, reflecting what must be a great love for the human race--despite its foibles that he so expertly identifies. His black comedy is rendered with a sensitivity that elecits tender feelings and fondness for his characters, who are neither heroes nor villains, but people like ourselves who have stubbed their toes walking life's path. His c! omic irreverence always serves to let us know ourselves better, and he leaves no sacred cow unmilked. About the discovery of America in 1492, he says, &quot;Actually, millions of human beings were already living full and imaginative lives on the continent in 1492. That was simply the year in which sea pirates began to cheat and rob and kill them.&quot; BOC is among Vonnegut's finest writings, something of a summary of his first fifty years of experience as a human being.
B000002B30|4.0|Actually I wouldn't have bought Greatest Hits if it WEREN'T for the new tracks because I have every album anyway and can record my own mixes. But what about &quot;I'm On Fire&quot;, &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot;, &quot;Fire&quot;, ANYTHING but &quot;Murder Inc&quot; or &quot;Secret Garden&quot;. I was also fooled by the video Blood Brothers and thought we might get &quot;Without You&quot; (wasn't that a reminder of the other Bruce) or &quot;High Hopes.&quot; Thank God Bruce knows he can't please all the people all the time and does whatever he damn wants. I'd rather he feel ok with it than me feel ok with it.
B000000OAA|5.0|If you're a fan of Queen's flamboyant mixture of hard rock and exquisite melodic diversity, then this album is hard to surpass.  It rocks out from the very beginning, with Freddie's falsetto punctuations backed by Brian May's hyperactive ultra-heavy guitar stylings on &quot;Brighton Rock&quot; - a favourite when played live, always good as a showcase for May's extended improvisation.  Then you get the hit single &quot;Killer Queen&quot; and you know you're in for one helluva good record.  The medley that follows &quot;Tenement - Flick - Lily&quot; shows Queen at their best, merging one genre of music seemlessly into the next.  &quot;Now I'm Here&quot; brings us back to the good-old heavy rock they excelled at, and you can hear them during the outchoruses propelling themselves on, a la Stones ('go go go Little Queenie').  The album gets even more diverse as it goes along, ranging from melodramatic opera (In The Lap Of The Gods I) to outright heavy metal (Stone Cold Crazy! , incidentally covered by Metallica in 1991 as an homage to Queen), followed by an even more eclectic mix of styles - check out &quot;Bring Back That Leroy Brown&quot; for Queen's own nod to the Andrew Sisters and such.  The album continues with Brian's tender and emotionally stirring march &quot;She Makes Me&quot; (backed by the 'Stormtroopers In Stilletos'), and finishes off with Freddie's rousing singalong &quot;In The Lap Of The Gods... Revisited&quot;).  All in all, a fantastic effort from those glam-rock gods - a natural progression from the outstanding &quot;Queen II&quot;, and a logical precursor to the ever-popular &quot;A Night At The Opera&quot;. A true Queen gem: definitely for Queen fans, or for anyone who's out for a good musical box around the ears.
0517122707|1.0|Like another John Kennedy (JFK), Toole has been immortalized for nothing more than dying young. Abusing one's widowed mother, eating everything in site, undermining one's employer just for kicks, yelling at strangers, threatening one's teachers, and dismissing blacks and homosexuals as manipulable minorities;  are all not funny. If Toole had written a true farce, I could see the praise for this little book's little humor; but as it stands- with it's awful climax and resolution- this is nothing more than a waste of time and money.
B000002C4J|5.0|Sultry chanteuse Celine Dion's the Power of Love was just the ambrosia of a beautiful beginning to the startling heights of superstardom. Then came her ambitions: Imagination coupled with the pristine voice of a French Aristocrat and the grace that has easily surpassed the great talents of fabled diva Whitney Houston and the darling Mariah Carey. Art is her style, not posh remembrances of some commercial acclaim. She easily makes all of our hearts go on...<br />Cameron Xavierra Rowe - World Famous Mystical Poet
B0000057C5|3.0|Sehnsucht is such a disappointing follow-up to herzeleid. It replaces the ferocity and rawness of the first album with trite and cheesy synthesizer hooks. Herzeleid is harder, more ominous, and sounds more genuine. Although &quot;du hast&quot; is a pretty good song (good video too), as is &quot;engel&quot; (minus the lame female back-up vocals), sehnsucht on the whole sounds a bit contrived, as if rammstein was a german depeche mode or emf trying to be scary. Also, their bass player and drummer, who were quite bad-ass in herzeleid, seem to have disappeared in sehnsucht. The cheesiness of the sound lends itself to the album art: the band members look like they were horsing around in the kitchen when they came up with their hi-larious photo idea.They were probably making german sandwiches when the lead singer said (with german accent), &quot;hey guys, let's scare americans by putting eating utensils and corn starch on our faces. hee-hee.&quot; If you have to, buy sehnsuch! t used for no more than $8. If you want something  just as cheesy but in english, buy a machines of loving grace album. BUY HERZELEID, if you haven't already.
B000002L7R|5.0|This album is one of the lesser know ones, but for Prince Loves it is a must. 1999, Purle Rain, Under The Cherry Moon, and Around the World... are the classics of &quot;PRINCE STYLE&quot;! Every song makes you want to Dance!
630233683X|5.0|I first laid eyes on Gene Kelly in Cover Girls, and then subsequently went and saw every one of his movies!  Singin' in the Rain is certainly Kellys greatest picture; his suave, charming, lovable Don Lamont is enough to make any girl swoon!  Donald O'Connor is comic genius and Debbie Reynolds is perfect in her first picture as the innocent but spunky object of Kelly's affection.  The songs are all great, it is really hard to pick a favorite!  But the crown jewel in this extraordinary film is Kelly's title song and dance.  Kelly is phenomenal, and who doesn't want to be like him - just sublimely happy to be alive.  This picture is great, a classic; a great film, and a wonderful showcase of Gene Kelly's abundant talents!  5 stars don't cut it with Singin' in the Rain!     END
0399143904|1.0|I will likely always be a Clancy fan based on the strength of his early work like &quot;Hunt for Red October&quot; and &quot;Red Storm Rising.&quot;  Unfortunately, his recent work is horrible in comparison and &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; is no exception.  I found the plot to be alternately painfully obvious and incoherent.  Clancy has never been a master of character development and I find that he's at his worst when he relies heavily on established characters.  John Clark and Domingo Chavez were interesting when they were introduced in Clancy's work but, by now, they are tired caricatures of themselves. &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; drove me to root for the terrorists in short order.  I might not consider character development (or even plot integrity) so important if Clancy would only concentrate on action sequences which is what he does best.  It is a cruel fate indeed to be forced to endure over 700 pages of ham handed sanctimony in order to enjoy a small handful of action se! quences.  If you enjoyed his most recent novels like &quot;Debt of Honor&quot; and &quot;Executive Orders&quot;, you will undoubtedly enjoy &quot;Rainbow Six.&quot;  However, if you long for Clancy's early years and find his recent work all too easy to put down, you will be as profoundly disappointed in &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; as I was.
0451191153|3.0|I'll tell you, reading this book made me laugh several times and shake my head just as many.  I loved it... for the first time I realized why so many people hated me... it was for being confident and self-fullfilled.  Though I do not agree with much of what she says, this book truly did open my eyes to that fact.  Though, to many people this book can be a life saver and a great help, it also has the potential of being a book who inspires a mad man.  What I feel Rand did not understand was that njot everyone has the mental ability to grasp what she says, and these &quot;individuals&quot; need to be accepted and helped (altruism).  She would rather leave them in the gutter than teach them to do their best (God forbid it is not THE best).  Her views on male dominence are shocking to say the least (she is a woman?!?!).  Though I am sure you will love her book and be persuaded by it, try to realize that it was written like the bible, with that purpose in mind and must be tak! en that way (though I believe so should the bible, atleast saying this about Rand is acceptable).  Go out, buy the book... you will enjoy it, if not the philosophy and the message, than the story.  It is also a great love story.
0792151720|4.0|While it is hard to say that this was the best picture of last year (it truly wasn't) it still deserves the strong praise it received.<br />Not since Atlanta was burned in Gone With the Wind has  Hollywood produced a movie that is great epic spectacle. It is a  reminder of what a great epic, diaster movie should be in comparison  to the awful, trite, &quot;movies&quot; Hollywood has shelled out over  the last couple years; Godzilla, Independence Day, etc.<br />Despite  that Titantic is plagued with awful dialouge (most of it given to  Leonardo DiCaprio- word to Leo- want an Oscar nomination demand better  lines like your co-stars Kate Winslet and Gloria Stuart), over-acting  (Billy Zane- an actor who hasn't found a role to show what kind of  actor he probably is- shouldn't be blamed; James Cameron should), and  its overabundance of chees (ok I cried at the end to, but c'mon  on). Also, this movie did not deserve Best Picture or Best  Director. L.A. Confidential did. However, Titanic get! s a second  place in my book for a sprawling incredible dipiction of the greatest  disaster of all time.  END
B0000062GE|5.0|Ungod was excellent.  WBB&amp;P was excellent.  You can't go wrong with this band.
0060174900|5.0|I couldn't believe how amazing this book was. I related so much to it. Everyone should read it.
B000002A3T|5.0|While I do not love every song on this album, there are tracks that are as good as any the Floyd have ever created.  My personal favorites are Cluster One, Marooned, Lost for Words and High Hopes.  When I originally bought this album I listened to it everyday for six months, which is something I hadn't ever done before. After six months and now four years later, I enjoy the songs as much as the first time I heard them. <br />This album again proves that while Waters was the visionary of the band in their heyday, Gilmour, Wright and Mason were the musicians and song writers without which that vision would have gone nowhere.
0790705141|5.0|This movie could well be Kubrick's best as it is a movie that manipulates the audience so well that it scares the wits out of the people watching. The camera work is the star as well as the lighting and the eerie music which are all combined into a film that once started never lets up. A film that ranks with &quot;a Clockwork Orange,&quot; &quot;Dr. Strangelove,&quot; and &quot;the Haunting.&quot;     END
B000003TA4|5.0|By all means one of the best CDs ever, Nevermind paved the way for countless groups in the 90s. It relieved us of the post 80's sound of cheesey hair bands and pop. This CD is and always will be a classic.
B000002AZZ|5.0|The musical arrangements on this album are, in my opinion, the best to ever showcase Cohen's lyrics.
0399143904|4.0|I love a new Clancy book, and this one is no exception. But two things bothered me. One: I found this one's plot less of a surprise, maybe I've just gotten into the characters. The second thing- the one that really bothered me- was that I caught a research MISTAKE (pg. 640) on Clancy's part -all be it in an area totally out of his field. Mr Clancy, a blanket Appaloosa is the following &quot;Blanket - refers to a horse which has a solid white area normally over, but not limited to, the hip area with a contrasting base color. &quot; (Quoted from the Appaloosa Horse Club registration page). Most people won't notice, but anyone who knows App's will be dissappointed that Mr Clancy didn't do better research on this excellent breed of horse I give the book 4 stars but suggest he stick to the military stuff and leave the mammals to Michner!
0425163407|1.0|It's a pity that an author can get away with publishing this poor a book just because she's written passably well before. Of course, she'll make money . . . but never again from me!
0399143904|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Rainbow Six because John Clark and Ding Chavez are &quot;let's get the job done&quot; operatives who have already proven their abilities in previous books. They do so again in Rainbow Six.  Also, Clancy successfully weaves the lives of Mrs. Clark and Dr. Chavez into the plot. From the opening chapter to the last, I couldn't put the book down because of non-stop action.  Once again Clancy is ahead of the curve in analyzing current trends in world politics.  This book focuses on an anti-terrorist response team led by John Clark and &quot;spooky&quot; enough, two violent acts of terrorism were recently committed in Africa against U.S. embassies.   Hopefully the larger implications in the book regarding worldwide germ warfare will not become reality although Clancy makes it seems just too easy. In addition, Rainbow Six tackles the different viewpoints regarding environmental issues and although no solutions are presented to the political debates, it bec! omes clear that terrorism is not the path to better days. Rainbow Six is a thriller and one of Clancy's best  works!
B000002UJQ|4.0|Radiohead has put out some quality music over the last few years and this CD is no exception.  Personally I liked The Bends a bit more but maybe thats just me.
B000002INJ|5.0|Man O' War did it!!!  They made a CD that captures not only the senses but the heart as well as the music is filled with intense emotion, power, and greatness.  This CD appeals to  anyone who ever enjoyed a good Medieval book or Movie so I have to say that it is a must have.<br />ENJOY<br />Mail to:    Tdavis@cmc.net
B000002TQV|5.0|The best one by far.  This tops Pablo Honey and OK Computer so pick it up ASAP.
067942850X|5.0|John Krakauer is able to piece together the pieces of John McCandless' life in a way few authors could.  If you are interested at all in learning more about the poignant story of one man's struggle with society and nature I would definitely reccommend reading the book.
B000002IWH|5.0|Few movies have soundtracks that mean anything.  Most just take the popular songs of the time and use them as a selling point for the movie, but this is NOT the case here.  NIN, Machines of Loving Grace, The Cure, Rage Against the Machine, For Love Not Lisa, and My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult all have some powerful contributions that help set this soundtrack apart from all the rest.  Even if you haven't seen the movie check this one out, it will be worth the time.
0140157352|5.0|Must agree with previous reviews. A book worth money and time to read it even for several times. Enjoyable studying literature. Am just about to start reading the sequence &quot;Getting Past No&quot;.
0679457313|5.0|I've spent a lifetime teaching great literature.  I read this book with awe at its brilliance, in writing, in devising a plot, in capturing middle class Indians in the '60s.  The author's poetic prose and her use of time are fascinating.  I was hypnotized by this novel.  It was both brilliant and dazzling.
0802130208|5.0|Perhaps one of the funniest books I have ever read.  While there have been a few negative reviews of the book, one has to fault the reader for that, not the writer.  The real tragedy is that he is no longer around to favor us with more of his books.  It is also a book one can recommend to almost anyone who has a brain.
0684833395|3.0|Although I found the book to be wildly funny and brilliantly clever I feel that the world view forwarded is dated and dangerous.  This book is a perfect example of the counter culture's henious self indulgence.  The book brings up the issue of responsibility and Yossarian retorts with &quot;I don't care.&quot;  Worth reading but deserves analysis and thought.  I'm glad I read it as an adult and not a teenager.
006016848X|5.0|This book open up my eyes.  I didn't know there was a big difference between men and women.  I knew there was but not as  big as I found out while reading the book.  Everyone should be required to read this book.
0517591812|4.0|The author does an admirable job explaining the intricacies of London history.  However, each chapter could be expanded into a book in its own right and I found myself yearning for more information on the lives of the characters and less information on the economy and politics of London and surrounding areas.
0465068359|5.0|I am amazed at how little coverage these terrible events have received in our history books and in our media.  I have received the typical four year college education and have never heard of Naking.  I did not previously think that anybody but the Nazis committed such horrible crimes in WWII. <br />The book encouraged me to ponder: why are these events hidden from view while we build memorials to the victims in Europe?  I am deeply ashamed to live in a world culture that holds the lives of Chinese peoples in such low regard that their suffering and pain in the war was so easily ignored.  <br />The fact that the Japanese government tries to hide this history is to some extent understandable - they are protecting their own image.  But the fact that Americans and Europeans do not seem to care is just depressing.  It is depressing because it tells me that, to many of us, what happened in Naking just simply does not matter.  <br />This is a very painful book to absorb - not one for c! asual reading.  It is, however, one of the most powerful and important books on WWII I think - not so much because of Naking in particular, but because the very silence it (I hope) shatters tells us a lot about ourselves.
0792151712|5.0|The movie was a beutiful picture of tragidy.  I am 12 years old but still loved it.  I can't pick out my favorite part because I loved it all!<br />Acacia Mueller, Wyoming (uh-ka-shu Mu-ll-er)     END
0449002632|4.0|I have read all of the authors books and had eagerly awaited the arival of London.  I found the book re opened my eyes to the history of London but did not feel I was deliberately being educated in the process.  This book would provide a delightful prequel to a visit to London to track down the sites mentioned in the book, a kind of historic travellogue.  The characters are well drawn and you care what happens to them.<br />My only real down side was as the book starts to approach the present day it is as if the author slightly looses interest and rushes to finish the story.  Other wise well worth the effort of reading such a weighty tome.
0792151712|3.0|I am an avid movie goer but this wasn't the best picture ever. (See Gone With the Wind, 1939) Why? First of all, all of the moral values seems to reflect the director of this movie. Lots of unmarried sex, loss of morality, and loss of good common sense are depicted in this movie. I wish &quot;Rose&quot; was a much stronger character. Is this what you want to teach your kids? If you're not happy, screw around and hope for the best? I think this is best watched by adults. I admit, the first time I watched it I felt for &quot;Rose&quot; but the second time, I realized how immoral this movie was. At least Scarlett O'Hara's husbands all died ...respectively....except for Rhett Butler. And that movie did win &quot;Best Picture&quot; if I recall..  END
B0000025NU|5.0|Billy Joel truly explodes in this CD.  He definately put his best foot forward.  His entire heart and soul are in EVERY song on the CD.  Such power in this concert.  His very best!!!
0399143904|3.0|Clancy is perhaps best known for his ability to tell stories that his readers cannot tear themselves away from.  Rainbow Six is no different, however, the end seemed a little lacking and anti-climactic.  While the super-terrorists recieve a very &quot;Clark-ish&quot; demise (as expected), the immediate events leading up to that do not challenge the Rainbow team or the reader.<br />My advice would be to finish the book, and then re-read the amusement park chapters, or those set in Austria for a good final kick.
B0000028UK|5.0|This is just an amazing CD.  It's great cause instead of being just hardcore grunge, it's a bit evolved.  Don't get me wrong, I love the grunge, but it's good when bands take a chance and change.  This cd has a lot of really good songs, but I do have to agree with the guy who said it earlier, I think songs like Go, Blood, and Rats were just fillers.  I mean they're ok, but they're not as good as they could be.  Animal was a rocker all the way through, Daughter and Elderly showed their more acoustical side, and W.M.A. was a cool change, I really liked the all the drumming and guitars, it's really good stuff.  But, my favorite on the CD is by far Rearviewmirror.  That's just an amazing song.  I can't say any better cause I can't think of any other way to describe it.  One more thing, it's pretty hard for a lot of bands to have a second album and have it be cool.  But, they pulled it off nicely.
0393317552|4.0|Diamond makes an excellent case for a new version of &quot;environmental determinism&quot; as he discusses the geographic factors that led Europe to conquer the world.  I enjoyed the book and learned a great deal.
0399143904|3.0|Clancy takes an interesting new approach in Rainbow Six by having his main characters Clark and Chavez leading a sanctioned counter-terrorist agency. This, I think, is a pretty clever way for Clancy to differentiate the settings, showcase his knowledge of international terrorism, and write what he's best at: action sequences from several points of view. The idea of biological based terrorism, while not new, appears here with a few different twists than, say, in the work of Robin Cook or Michael Crichton. The Shiva folks are almost humorous in their pathetic excuses for genocide. The overarching plot has a lot of appeal, and for anyone who is into Clancy, this will probably be good fun.<br />However, I'm bothered by two aspects of characterization. The first is with John Clark himself. Part of what made him *so* interesting, especially compared to the eternal Boy Scout Jack Ryan, is that Clark is a study in contrasts and shades of gray. Back in Without Remorse, what made hi! m so memorable was the fact that he was doing terrible things (for pretty good reasons) and that he *struggled* with his conscience. He was all too human, and he appealed to me. Now, poor John's getting to be pretty black and white. I can understand this on one level: he's older and has different responsibilities, for starters. But if this is the case, I think the development should have been more gradual. Scanning back over some other books feeaturing Clark, I don't really see this happening. Yet suddenly in Rainbow Six, he's rather dull, much to my disappointment.<br />The other problem of characterization is with women characters. When is Clancy going to start creating some females who are different than his basic two archetypes, the Superwoman who can bear young, stitch eyeballs and yank out bullets, cook perfect potroast, and be demure or strong depending on what the man needs; and the Real Stinker, whose goals include cruelly using uninformed and helpless human test subject! s and manipulating anyone and everyone with her devious min! d and lucious body? Sure, there are some precious past exceptions, but I was truly disappointed not to see any change in the way Clancy writes women. Having children is certainly an admirable goal, but Clancy needs to realize it isn't the #1 desire of all women, whether they have alphabet soup after their names or not.   One last nitpick, and this could be an editing error: see p. 584, line 15: meat from the offspring of a buffalo and a bovine is commonly known as &quot;beefalo.&quot;
B000002IWQ|1.0|It stinks, why did they go mainstream?  Trying country music, what a joke?  Geddy needs go to the closet and get his keyboards back out.
0446310786|5.0|I am so glad my English teacher made us read this novel! So far, it is my all time favorite.  It really makes you think about judging people from their outward appearance.  An excellent novel!
0688158129|5.0|Love stories are normally not my type of reading, but I could not put this down.  I was at the shore with a few of my friends and did not even want to talk...that's all I wanted to do was read.  Eventually my friends shut up because they couldn't wait to hear what happened.  Excellent reading and I can't wait to pick up another Jodi Picoult book.
0553573403|5.0|I tore through this book.  I read it 2 1/2 days simply to see what happened to the charactors.  It earned Jordan's praise.
0875845851|4.0|We have all seen large, powerful, and successful corporations upstaged and driven out of business by startups using new ideas to grow exponentially and dominate the new business landscape.  In his book \\"The Innovator's Dilemma,\\" Clayton M. Christensen provides a unique and novel theory that explains why entrenched corporations often fail to capitalize on such new ideas, and fall prey to firms with fewer initial resources.  With enough data and case histories to make even the skeptic sit up and take notice, Christensen sculpts an argument that demands our attention at once.  Step by step he shows that such extinctions come about not necessarily because of arrogance and dogmatism (though these play their parts) but because of the architectural and organizational structures that make good companies good.   Like Einstein's theory of relativity, with its concepts of relative time and space, some of Christensen's conclusions seem unintuitive.  Others even seem contrary to phy! sical reality.  Sometimes it really is wrong to listen to your customers.  Sometimes it is better to build a product with low margin and a limited market rather than build a product with high margin and large, virtually guaranteed market.<br />Christensen builds his thesis upon the notion that technology comes in two broad flavors: sustaining and disruptive.  Established product lines use sustaining technology  to make incremental improvements.  In the language of biology, sustaining technology facilitates gradual Darwinian evolution where incremental improvements coupled with survival of the fittest lead to gradual product improvement.  For example, tire manufacturers use sustaining technology to enhance the tread, sidewall, and belt design of automotive tires.  Sustaining technology is not trivial, and often involves tremendous expenditures of capital.  It is, however, what established companies do best, and these companies have developed very effective organizational and manag! erial structures for dealing with it. <br />Disruptive technol! ogy, on the other hand, approaches product evolution outside the sustaining envelope.  Disruptive technologies typically offer a cheaper solution to a small, often unidentified subgroup.  Once established within this small market the disruptive technology evolves through sustaining technology until it eventually satisfies the performance criteria of more traditional markets.  When this happens, the disruptive technology bursts onto the scene, attacking the soft underbelly of the established corporations, often with fatalistic consequences.  In the parlance of evolutionary biology, disruptive technology is like punctuated evolution; fast with significant changes in the gene pool.<br />Christensen may be excused for lacking the breadth to discuss similarities between such diverse fields as biology and business management.  Still, the book would have benefited immeasurably by a co-author in the field who might have offered greater insight into universal principles governing the evol! ution of complex systems.  Repeatedly I found myself going to books by authors such as Richard Dawkins and Stephen Jay Gould to refine my mental image of the multidimensional landscape in which biological organisms and industrial businesses compete for the resources of survival.<br />The book is well written and persuasive in its arguments.  It questions many established ideas and shows that often these ideas fail to apply to disruptive technologies.   Often the best corporations are especially susceptible.  Defense against disruptive technologies does not come from being smarter and working closer with customers.  Paradoxically, working closely with customers and following established rules for corporate investment often make a company more susceptible to harm from disruptive technologies.  Companies naturally evolve toward higher-end products with greater margins.  Consequently, they find it difficult to enter markets with disruptive technologies that often begin with low margi! ns, are technologically simple, and do not have a clearly d! efined customer base.  Such markets are ideal for start-up firms.  The author suggests, with several case histories, that one of the best ways for established firms to deal with disruptive technologies is to spin off autonomous organizations that exist within the economic constraints of disruptive technologies.<br />The author does an excellent job of using examples, drawing most from the disk-drive industry.   He also includes examples from the computer, motorcycle, steel, automotive, and earth-moving industries as well.  In each case he explains how disruptive technologies emerged and often destroyed well-run companies that were following all the established rules.  This drives home the fact that disruptive technologies pose such a great risk precisely because they can destroy industries not only in spite, but because they follow established business practices.<br />After describing disruptive technologies, with historical cases to illustrate points, the author ends with a case st! udy involving electric vehicles.  I found this chapter to be among the weakest, and something of a distraction from the more substantial earlier material.  Ironically, in the  process of trying to frame electric vehicles as disruptive technology, the author seems to have missed one of the best examples of a disruptive technology, and one that nearly  destroyed America's foremost industries:  small cars.<br />Overall, Christensen's work is on a high academic level, though some of the technical material is inconsistent.  For example, the ordinates in figures 1.4, 1.5, and 6.1 disagree with each other.  The text on page 128 also disagrees with figure 6.1, while the text on page 150 disagrees with figure 7.1.  These may be simple examples of typographical errors, but they lessen confidence in the book's technical accuracy.  On the positive side, the book has excellent organization and lots ofpertinent examples, as well as extensive notes and documentation.  The index is also very co! mplete and thorough.  <br />Though Christensen's ideas are new!  and radical they are so lucid, logical, and clear that anyone involved in American business cannot afford to ignore them.<br />Duwayne Anderson
0399143904|3.0|Another great big thick book from everybody's favorite techno-thriller artist.  Clancy shows his usual awkwardness with non-technical dialogue, keeping his characters as 2-D as possible. Conversations between loved ones are particularly hard to swallow. Dialogue between the various spooks, spies, and intelligence operators continues to be one of Clancy's strengths, and this book delivers plenty of that.  Unfortunately, the plot is ludicrous - Clancy's tree-hugger antagonists concoct a scheme guaranteed to make a reader of average intelligence roll his/her eyes in bewilderment.  Then they go around dropping hints to strangers in casual conversation - &quot;Well, the buffalo will all be back soon&quot; - stuff like that. This conspiracy wouldn't have lasted an hour in the real world. Clancy DOES provide some good, page-turning thrills when describing counter-terrorist operations - the kind of writing that hooks the reader and keeps Clancy on the short list of writ! ers whose every work hits the top of the bestseller list.  Unfortunately Clancy chose to hinge the book's denouement on a product that actually exists, the &quot;Life-Guard&quot;, manufactured by DKL, a company plugged several times in the narrative. This is a device that supposedly homes in on the electrical pulse that triggers the human heartbeat - a tiny, 1.2 hertz blip.  The Life-Guard was recently featured in Skeptic Magazine, where it was shown to be nothing more than a fancy dowsing rod with some non-powered electrical circuits inside to make it appear technologically based, while it actually employs the well-known ideomotor response to achieve its &quot;results&quot;.  While the device appeared to work in uncontrolled experiments, it failed miserably in &quot;double-blind&quot; experiments, in which neither the operator of the device nor the experimenters knew the location of the human test subject.  In the book the thing worked like a!  charm, ruining Clancy's ending sequence for this reader.  If you haven't already popped for the hardcover, I'd recommend waiting for the paperback.  Not too bad, but not up to par with earlier offerings.
B000006O7C|5.0|What makes this album so great is that it is so unfinished... It's not polished, just pure feeling...
B000002J09|5.0|I still remember when my sister brought this album home on the day of its release and I heard it for the first time.  It is among the greatest rock and roll albums ever:  from the stutter-stomp of Black Dog, the &quot;out of your chair and dance&quot; Rock n' Roll, and the remake of an old Slave song, &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot;, Jimmy Page proved that he was one of Rock's greatest guitarists--as if Led Zeppelin I, II, and III didn't prove that already!
B000002KDG|4.0|&quot;Thrasher,&quot; track 2 on this CD, may be the greatest song I've ever heard. I don't say things like that all the time; I might say it in regard to &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; or &quot;Don't Worry Baby&quot; or &quot;I Want You&quot; (Elvis Costello's) ... and for me &quot;Thrasher&quot; belongs in the same league. It's not a slick performance; it was actually recorded live in concert with the applause mixed out (like much of the rest of this album) with only Neil on vocal, harmonica, and acoustic 12-string guitar. But it's very sophisticated, in conception, language, musicality, and execution, and more important it drips with drop-dead beauty, not to mention meaning. Alone it's worth the price of this disc, but other major works abound (the amazing &quot;Pocahontas,&quot; &quot;Ride My Llama,&quot; &quot;Powderfinger,&quot; the pair of &quot;My My, Hey Hey&quot; classics). The punkish Crazy Horse stompers &quot;Welfare Mothers&quot; and &quot;Sedan Delivery&qu! ot; don't really do it for me, but who cares? Along with &quot;On The Beach&quot; and &quot;Tonight's The Night,&quot; I'd say it's the pinnacle of Neil Young's achievement as an artist.
B0000067L3|4.0|While most blues/Clapton enthusiasts are sure to give this double CD a 5-star rating, I refrain from doing so only because Cream isn't amongst my absolute favourite bands.  Sure, I recognise this album's musical worth, as ground-breaking and influential as it was for its time, and I enjoy the material contained within, but as for being a classic, it just doesn't make the grade for me.<br />Cream were renowned for their punchy blues-rock anthems, and this their third offering contains the excellent 'White Room', their interpretation of 'Born Under A Bad Sign' as well as their signature blues tune 'Politician'.  The first CD, where the aforementioned tracks appear, was recorded in the studio, while the second CD contains lengthy blues jams recorded live at the Fillmore East.  Depending on your preference, either one or both CDs may tickle your fancy.  Many musicians revere the Live recording, as it gives full scope to each of the threesome's awesome musical prowess, as they ! stretch improvisations to the outer limits.  This may prove too long and 'boring' for some, who may indeed prefer the shorter, more accessible tunes found on the first CD.  As a whole, the album showcases the powertrio at the height of their powers.  For those wishing to obtain a more concise overview of Cream's music, any one of their &quot;Best of&quot;... collections is recommended.  Those in a more adventurous mood will love &quot;Wheels Of Fire&quot;.
B00000253N|5.0|Is this the album of all time or what? Some days, I'd say definitely. Cue up &quot;Lily, Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts&quot; and get lost in the humor and intrigue of the story, and you won't want to come back. Wallow in your romantic heartbreak while &quot;If You See Her, Say Hello&quot; floats out of your speakers, and you'll never be the same again. The songs and performances here, every last one of them, are so rich and beautiful and evocative and affecting that they'll make you feel like laughing, crying, thinking, feeling, living, and singing, all at once. It's a masterpiece, one no serious rock fan should be without.
B0000025T6|4.0|I admire the Boss for having the guts to follow up 1980's smash &quot;The River&quot; with this dark, moody acoustic release. He was on the cusp of major stardom and he knew it, but he let his artistic instincts have their way, and the result is this beautiful work of art, recorded at home on a 4-track cassette machine as a demo that the E Street Band couldn't improve on in the studio. After being carried around in Springsteen's back pocket for several weeks, the demo cassette was mastered to disk and that's what we have here. Beyond the recording aspect, the songs are some of Springsteen's best and most evocative (play &quot;Open All Night&quot; on your car tape deck while the sun's just coming up and you'll get chills). The calm before the storm (musical and otherwise) of &quot;Born In The U.S.A.,&quot; and an artistic triumph.
B000002552|5.0|There's something really cool about the idea of Bob Dylan and The Band in the summer of 1967, holed up near Woodstock in upstate New York, far away from the &quot;Summer of Love&quot; hoopla, &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; and psychedelia in general, making decidedly anti-hip genre-defying music that has remained timeless (unlike all those psychedelic &quot;masterpieces&quot;). &quot;The Basement Tapes,&quot; a two-record set finally issued in 1975 in the warm post-&quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; glow of Dylan's career, is a sampler of those fabled summer sessions in the basement of &quot;Big Pink&quot; and, although it was never originally intended for mass release, it contains a good chunk of Dylan's (and The Band's) greatest work. Dylan's &quot;Please Mrs. Henry,&quot; &quot;Yea! Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread,&quot; and &quot;Lo And Behold!&quot; best exemplify the cheerful, easygoing madness of this music, but just about every track is a unique delight, particularly &quot;K! atie's Been Gone,&quot; the best of The Band's half-dozen tracks. It's a drop-dead gorgeous Richard Manuel-Robbie Robertson composition with one of Manuel's most affecting vocals. If you don't already own this album, you should. (See if you can spot Neil Young among the throng in the cover shots, taken in the boiler room of the Los Angeles YMCA in '75.)
0670880728|4.0|Bought this on a whim in London over a year ago.  I don't know if it has  had a re print for U.S. readers, but it was quite a good read.  Easy to put  down and pick right up again.  Figured out that the instants were daily  lotterys, but not everyone might.  How many lbs. in a stone? I've already  passed this one on, and I can only hope to get it back........someday
B000003BDJ|5.0|This CD is the best of the stones.  There are many good stones CD's out  there but this is the best.  If you like this Cd I recomend &quot;Jump Back  Best of the stones '71-'90&quot; and Bridges to Babylon.
B000000993|5.0|Although I'd rate it slightly below Aenima it is still one of the best  c.d.'s around.  Buy it, listen to it, experience it.
0399143904|5.0|I'm only on page 275, but as usual, this book has me hooked. I can barely  close it and go to sleep! I am, however, very surprised by the amount of  errors in it. What gives with the editor?  The story is still great, so  far. Clancy has not lost his touch.
B00000099Y|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this.
0792151720|3.0|So I sat in the theatre for this mega-hyped thing and waited for the  inevitable. The performances were adequate, but I never really believed she  loved him no matter how many times they said they wouldn't leave each  other. At over three hours and with Celine at the end, thank God I can put  it on pause when I need to and chuck the end credits entirely.     END
B000001FFJ|4.0|The //Rain Dogs// Album is New Orleans, its all of the  sailors-on-leave-ports-of-call in the world tonight, its driving a big car  fast just before sunrise, it's that steam that comes out of manholes in the  city, strutting the in-between streets of the metropolis' of the hip  world.<br />//Jockey Full of Bourbon// is the opening theme for Jim Jarmusch's  film //Down by Law//. The song drives us into the Big Easy and through the  bayous of Louisiana. Kind of grimy but down home: Rhumba-ing through the  black and white landscape and showing us how America looks whether we like  it or not. Tom Waits singing his poems as always over his eclectic brand of  latin/rock-a-billy groove. <br />The //Rain Dogs// doesn't just make you want  to throw down a double Jack Daniels, and sing and move and make love, not  only that. It's magic is cemented by Tom Waits' poetic tapestries, creating  a world as magic and fantastic as it is the gods honest truth. As real as  the smell of rain on pavement at sunrise, right before bedtime.
B000000OEI|3.0|Handsomely recorded, powerful music, but overlong and absolutely boring in  places. Some of the background music, of which this CD has entirely too  much, is so quiet that it is not a good idea to try to listen to this one  in an automobile; one keeps turning up the volume to make sure it is still  playing. Almost worth the price, though, for the beautiful rendition of  &quot;Eternal Fathers, God to Save,&quot; which is difficult to locate  elsewhere.
0399128964|5.0|Like many of the other reviewers, I first read dune when I was in high  school and have not been able to put it down since!  Never before has an  author created a place so real. A literary masterpiece that skillfully  blends together  psychology, religion, ecology and politics. A must read  for any true science fiction fan.
0060168366|4.0|I enjoyed this book: some 800 pages which I didn't want to end. I think it  is aimed at a British audience, but it has been fascinating for me to see  what American readers are making of this informed Englishman's view of the  history and culture of their country. Mr Johnson is conservative, but no  snob. He loves a winner, yet he throws down fresh, challenging insights  about some of the country's lesser known histroymakers.  Nor does he let an  accepted truth or hagiography to stand in the way of a good opinion or two.  I felt uneasy about his views on contemporary America. I am squeamish about  talking politics, especially where they are someone else's. Mr Johnson (as  readers of the London 'Spectator' will know) has no such inhibitions. But  I'm sure offended admirers of FDR and JFK will have plenty of ammunition to  shoot back at him. And I don't suppose he will mind them doing so. That  said, I did squirm at the favourable comparison made, in terms of a sense  of humour at least, between Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan! Plenty of  little slips and typos in my copy, so a second, revised edition would be  welcome, perhaps after attentive 'Amazon' reviewers have sent in their  favourite bloopers (the confusion between two Civil War close namesakes  seem to be most pointed-out error.) Yet I believe that, imperfections  aside, Mr Johnson has the infectious enthusisiasm of a true historian,  eager to share his love of subject with an appreciative audience. Perhaps  this is why he is guilty of repeating rather too often variants on the  phrase &quot;it is important to grasp&quot;. He can safely cut-out all of  these in the reprint: his narrative flow rarely allows our attention to  waver.
0399143904|3.0|Compared to most contemporary novels, Clancy is still great! Accurate  technical knowledge is a prime concern to me as a reader, and Clancy comes  through. In his past novels the character development and actions are also  accurate - they act in accord with their position and portrayed  intelligence. In Rainbow Six however, main characters seem blind to obvious  flaws in their planning. It it too far a stretch to believe that there are  that many people who could keep such a project secret, let alone agree to  carry it out in the first place.
B000005C1B|5.0|One of the original Rock and Roll gods delivers an unbelievable  performances. Help from some friends (The Boss, Bonnie Raitt, Jackson  Browne, Elvis Costello)  adds to pure euphoria this CD delivers, but Mr.  Orbison is what makes the collection truly amazing/
B0000062S0|5.0|As usual you don't get what you expect from these guys. This is a great  album. But like Zeppelin, it will take time to enjoy the album. They have  always given us what we don't expect. This is a well woven album, but it is  far from the ground pounding Zep we are used to. Most High is very much in  the Kashmir and Stairway Heaven tradition and may become a classic in time.
B000000OA6|4.0|For the final Queen album, at least released while Freddie was still  alive, Innuendo lives up to Queen's high standards.  Their rich full  harmonies layered over a sometimes operatic score is nothing less than  tremendous. Freddie Mercury's lead vocals, Brian May's virtuoso guitar  work, John Deacon's amazing BASS performance, and ROGER TAYLOR'S impressive  drum work are signature of one of the few great rock bands to grace the  stage.
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy has done it again. Since Jack Ryan has reached what could only be the pinnacle of his career, Clancy lets us take another peek at his friends and assocaites from past novels. Once again, it's a story you can't put down. True to form, you feel like you're right in the middle of the action. I highly recommend it.
B00000293E|5.0|If you wanna hear the blues master that inspired performers like Led  Zeppelin and Eric Clapton, Willie Dixon is IT.  Generally laid back tempos  support Dixon and his weighty, deep voice to deliver an authentic sense of  what its like to get the blues.  This CD is great for a Blues / Rock  collection or just for some relaxing dinner music.
0679720200|3.0|Camus has a point to make in this book, but sometimes he makes it hard to  find. True, it is unfair to judge a man because he fails to live up to  societal standards and not because of the crime he commits.  The fact  remains, though, that Meursault DOES commit murder.  That he does so for no  particular reason (the sun gets in his eyes?)only makes the act more  unthinkable.  Shouldn't we be more afraid of a man who kills another man  randomly than one who does so with some sort of motivation?<br />Since the  book is written in the first person, Camus obviously intended for this  story to come across as the oft-told tale of the ordinary man caught up in  a world gone mad.  However, I came away from this book with the impression  that Meursault was the one who was mad.  Or perhaps he was simply autistic.   Either way, he neither understands the system nor operates within it, and  it is this failure that causes his downfall, not society.
0553573403|5.0|A Game of Thrones is the premier fantasy novel of the post-Tolkien era.  Expounding the Tolkien view of the use of magic in the text -- namely that  less is more -- and painting the complex relationships that underlie the  various rivalries and factions in the text, Martin has created a believable  world that is fascinating and engaging. The only problem is the long wait  between the first and second volumes of what will likely be a four or  five-book series.
0440214041|4.0|When I first started reading this book, I had my doubts for two reasons.   Number one, part of it deals with politics which I don't necessarily like  in a fiction book.  And number two it had a few elements which were similar  to the Firm such as the FBI and the goons following the main character.   However, as I kept on reading, it turned out to be a pleasant surprise.  A  good plot surfaced complete with smart characters. I ended up liking the  book.  It isn't the best I've ever read, but good nonetheless.
0380778556|5.0|Daphne DuMaurier's novel, &quot;Rebecca&quot; was one of the best novels I  ever read.  She really knows how to describe the scene.  I could picture  the beautiful flowers she described.  It went kind of slow when Maxim  wasn't around, but that made me want to read ahead.  I read this book in 3  days, I couldn't put it down.  This book was assigned as a summer reading  book, so I was surprised when I actually liked it.  I finished it a week  ago, but now I find myself reading it again.  Also, the movie  &quot;Rebecca&quot; with Joan Fontaine and Laurence Olivier was very, very  good.  They only changed it a little but besides that it was wonderful.
B000001FI7|5.0|When I first heard Portishead, I was drawn in by Beth's soulful wailing and the difference this band's music had. There is none to compare in this genre. It's the absolute stuff to listen to on a silent rainy and gloomy nite.
B00004THO3|5.0|Robert James Waller writes so good in this book it isunbelievable.  The love of Robert and Francesca makes you wish you could have been them.  This story makes an affair almost seem right but so wrong at the same time.  A word to the wise be aware this book WILL make you cry.  It is the most touching book out there you haven't read anything until you have read this love story.  You will read this book over and over.
B000002C1W|1.0|Regarding the success of this album and the ensuing tour, David Gilmour  once stated that &quot;the proof is in the pudding&quot;.  This may be  true, unfortunately, however, Mr. Gilmour didn't write the recipe.  In case  you have to ask, that would be Roger Waters.  This work and the  multi-million dollar produced concert tour that followed was perhaps the  most obvious instance of counterfeit ever in the history of Rock Music.  From it's Wall (the movie) inspired cover with Bob Geldof clone and hotel  maid to its reliance on earlier Floyd works for song titles  (&quot;Dogs&quot; of War, A New [Welcome to the] Machine), with this album  Gilmour showed the world what a mediocre talent could do with a rock legend  and a record company willing to back anything remotely profitable.  The  inspiration for this production was the child of some record executive who  said that Gilmour's first attempt at a Floyd record didn't  &quot;sound&quot; like Pink Floyd.  The album was immediately retooled and  writers were actually hired to help make a &quot;Floyd&quot; album.  What  they created was a soulless corporate product that bore the name Pink  Floyd, but one that could not possibly live up to the Floyd legacy.  The  music is sterile and over-produced and the lyrics are (thankfully)  forgettable.  Only Gilmour's solos shine through as a stirring reminder of  a once-great guitarist  now in over his head as songwriter and  conceptualist.  A couple of numbers stand out, namely, `Dogs of War' and  `Learning to Fly' but their inane lyrics and subject matter (the latter  about Gilmour earning his pilot's license)  hinder repeat listenings.  If  you make it to track 5 (`On the Turning Away') Gilmour's attempt at social  conscience should send shivers (the bad kind) down your spine.  Nevertheless, Gilmour with Mason (and eventually Wright) in tow went on to  one of the most successful and profitable stadium tours ever attempted.  Armed with a back catalog of FM radio hits they didn't write (or, at best,  co-wrote), a stage show conceived almost entirely by Roger Waters during  the band's heyday  (circular projection screen, inflatable pig, etc.) and a  laser spectacular they wooed a new generation of fans who came to see a  legendary band (and, sadly, probably never knew the difference).  Their  1994 follow-up, `The Division Bell', followed the same formula with even  greater success.  Momentary Lapse of Reason, indeed.idn't write (or, at best,  co-wrote), a stage show conceived almost entirely by Roger Waters during  the band's heyday  (circular projection screen, inflatable pig, etc.) and a  laser spectacular they wooed a new generation of fans who came to see a  legendary band (and, sadly, probably never knew the difference).  Their  1994 follow-up, `The Division Bell', followed the same formula with even  greater success.  Momentary Lapse of Reason, indeed.
044651652X|5.0|Robert James Waller writes so good in this book it is unbelievable.  The  love of Robert and Francesca makes you wish you could have been them.  This  story makes an affair almost seem right but so wrong at the same time.  A  word to the wise be aware this book WILL make you cry.  It is the most  touching book out there you haven't read anything until you have read this  love story.  You will read this book over and over.
B000001DU5|5.0|Except for the one ballad, &quot;I BELIEVE&quot;, there are 11 good rips at the way Rock is supposed to sound and feel.     If you listen close, you can here the work of other bands sounds like Steely Dan and the Beatles in the chords, but you also appreciate the evolution which became the &quot;Tears&quot; sound.     Aside from the re recording of the original tracks, this CD plays head, shoulders and torso above the clank which is promoted as Rock today.     If you like Rock music,(and can overlook 1960's lyrics) TEARS ROLL DOWN IS A DEFINITE BUY!
B000002NHN|5.0|This is a wonderful album. I had never listened nor heard of Loreena  McKennitt, until I bought this cd. It helps me go to sleep, her voice and  music is so relaxing. She is wonderful!
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game was the first book by Orson Scott Card that I read, but it  definitely wasn't the last!  I read the last page and immediately turned  back to the first page to start over again, and for some reason, the story  still grabbed me.  Orson Scott Card wrote so vividly, I could see and feel  everything.  Whether Ender was unhappy, triumphant, melancholy or exhaused,  I fully empathized with him.  I read Ender's Game for the first time last  summer and the impact of this book is so powerful, it continues to be my  favorite.  Orson Scott Card has become one of my favorite authors.
0399143904|5.0|Sort of, but not really, a follow up to Executive Orders as Ryan's name is never mentioned.  Current time frame w/John Clark's new multinational anti-terror squad.  Don't confuse this w/the Op-Center series--this is Clancy at his best.  Seven hundred forty pages of &quot;what comes next?&quot; intrigue.  Must read for any Clancy fan!
0670880728|5.0|I have never laughed so much.  I found myself laying in bed late at night in fits of laughter and able to completly relate.  I encourage anyone who is thirty something or approaching and who has experienced the horrids of the dating world to pick this up instead going to the bar one Friday night, its cheaper, less calories and more fun than anyone you would have met!
0060977493|4.0|I was mesmerised by this book.  Read it slowly to savour the writing's  layers and detail and constant surprises and repetition.  I felt utterly  for the twins and for the tragic small lives of those around them.  I loved  the evocation of childhood and its own special sense of place.  <br />I felt  deadened by the end which I felt was not a real conclusion.  A strange  sense of fate or destiny hangs over the novel like a river mist which you  can't escape from.  Powerful Stuff.
B000002IQW|5.0|Imagine your album debuting at number one and yet, the radio stations don't play your songs. I found this very annoying considering the impact of this album. I stood in line to buy it when it was first released and haven't stopped playing it since. This ROCKS! For anyone who doesn't know what rock is all about needs to listen to this album. 5 stars from the Maiden of Metal!
1573226521|5.0|I bought this book because the name has been in the press lately. I didn't  know what to expect. After the first few pages, I could not put it down. I  finished it tonight, and was sad because it was over. I became Richard, and  everyone else who was a part of the beach. The book takes you in, and  totally submerses you into, that you are there, with all of the characters.  So tastefully written. I just can't imagine seeing this book on film.  WOW...definately a must buy!!!
B0000025VI|5.0|The first time I heard Texas Flood, I was struck by the sheer energy that  flowed from the album. I had never heard a guitar played like that before,  and proberly never will. Even If the lyrics wont impress a literary critic,  the quality of guitar playing makes this album part of my all time top ten.
0399143904|4.0|John Clark is the ex-Nacy SEAL from the book &quot;Without Remorse&quot;.  He continues his secret operational missions by creating the a group the  governments of the world keep &quot;in the black&quot;. Few people know of  its existence. John is head of RAINBOW SIX. They are better than the best!    They combat terrorism mostly. They are called in when no one else  can handle the job. To save the lives of hostages, they &quot;take  down&quot; the terrorists. Forget prisoners! When Rainbow Six goes in it is  eliminate! The hostages are their only concern. Of course, terrorism is not  the only thing Rainbow Six combats, but it is the biggest.  ***Tom  Clancy brings it all to life! Not only are you riveted to your seat by the  action and efficiency of the team (which is made up of several  nationalities) but by the plot which slowly comes to a boil between it all.  I highly recommend this one!***
0399143904|2.0|I've read all of his books and let's just this one just hasn't grabbed me just yet.  Unfortunately I dropped the book and damaged the corner so I &quot;have to keep it&quot;.  Otherwise I would have returned it.  What struck me as funny is the fact that both John and Ding are so happily married and that both have kids (or kids on the way).  Very non-realistic.  I've met a few Spec Ops people in my day and none of them are happily married if married at all.  I know I'm nit picking but every single one of his characters are &quot;the best of the best&quot;.  The story is kind of like watching one of those PrimeTime movies that the big channels puts on during re-run season. I guess if you can't find another book to read and you do like his style then you might as well pick it up.  But don't buy the hardcover...wait for the paperback.
B000003TAL|5.0|I remember the day well.  It was the day after Thanksgiving, 1989, and I  was out shopping for CDs.  &quot;Rolling Stone&quot; had just listed their  top 100 albums of the '80's, and  #45 on that list was &quot;Daydream  Nation.&quot;  I liked what I had read, so I picked up the CD, and was  blown away.  From the opening track  &quot;Teen Age Riot&quot; to the final  &quot;Trilogy,&quot; it's a non-stop stream of consciousness ride.  The  sheer guitar power of the duo of Thurston Moore and Lee Renaldo make this a  tour de force of white noise and feedback.  Many groups thought that Sonic  Youth would be the group that led the &quot;alternative&quot; wave of the  early '90's that was instead championed by Nirvana, and in a way, Sonic  Youth had a hand in that, since Nirvana were proteges of the band.  Indeed,  Courtney Love met Kurt Cobain through Sonic Youth bassist (and Thurston  Moore's wife) Kim Gordon, who produced Hole's first album.  Although I  believe that &quot;Sister&quot; is the best Sonic Youth album, this one is  likewise a masterpiece, an excellent starting point to discover one of the  most underrated bands in rock history.
0848813065|5.0|&quot;The Never Ending Story&quot; is full of so much. From the beginning,  the author serves to capture your imagination. I myself was entranced from  the first page, and knew that this book was perfect for me just a few more  pages in, when I read the author discuss Bastian's love for reading, a love  which mirrored my own.      This book serves to combine both parts 1 and 2  of &quot;The Neverending&quot; movies, but is so much better. While I will  always hold Part 1 as a part of my childhood, it could never compare to  this wonderful book.      Bastain is both heartwarming and heartbreaking.  His insecurites remind me of my own as a child. The adventures of Atreyu  and Bastian are adventures I myself wished I could take when I was younger,  and still do sometimes today. This book allowed me to take those  adventures, and for that, it is one of the best book I can say I have ever  read.
0553573403|5.0|A game of thrones (in germany called: &quot;Die Herren von Winterfell and  Das Erbe von Winterfell. A two- book- realease)ist eines der besten Fantasy  B&uuml;cher, das ich in letzter Zeit gelesen habe. In der Qualit&auml;t nur noch mit  Tad Williams vergleichbar. Die Charakteresierung ist fantastisch und die  Handlung ungemein spannend. Kein Tolkien- Epigon, sondern ein wirklich  phantasievolles und eigenst&auml;ndiges Werk. Hervorragend !!!
B000005K23|4.0|If you love gut wrenching vocals, this is the album. Fish at his best.  Excellent music. Must be played loud.
B000000OEI|4.0|Wow.. I just love the excellent drum beats throughout the CD, and the  nice, moody sounds this soundtrack can bring. Although I don't really  remember much about the movie (which could have probably gave this 5  stars..), I just loved how mood changed from soft, to hard in a single  second. Although annoying at first, I got used to this and appreciated it a  lot; giving the feel of the people in the submarine at war. Very cool (and  did I forget? POWERFUL!).
0440214041|4.0|It was a great book filled with a lot of suspense and action.  I found I  couldn't put it down.
0345350499|5.0|I had heard about this book for a long time and bought it because I was  feeling sorry for myself. It was a lucky purchase, I loved the book.  I  have read many versions of the Arthurian legend.  The point of view has  always been that Morgaine was out for 'revenge' and that's why she seduced  her half brother Arthur.  Ms. Bradley's version is believable, and  plausable.   The saga of the romance between Lancelet and Gwenhwyfar is  breathlessly romantic and heartbreaking.  The book could stand on its own  as 'simply' a romance novel. However, it is so much more than that.  How  the lives are interwoven, and the relationship between Avalon and Camelot,  are detailed.  There is also, if you take the time to notice it, a  commentary on early Christianity and the insistence that it be the 'one  true' religion.  Ms. Bradley has obviously done her historical homework,  and for this reader that is very important. This is an enthralling book.
0316921173|4.0|This book is an excelent book, all the way up to where it abruptly ends.  It is a highly entertaining read, with many fascinating side paths, that  will not let the discerning reader down.
0140177396|2.0|I had to read this book for my English class at school and I started out  with an optimistic attitude reflecting this book. The beginning of the book  was rather slow but, of course, I had to read it and was willing to give it  a chance on account of it being such an essential classic. As I read  further, though, I feel that the book could have develloped further than it  did. What had been a trace of a plot at the beginning of the book had all  but shrunken into a totally unnecessary conclusion that, I feel, had no  thought or reflection on the main goal of the book.
0060975768|5.0|I am a recently retired Navy Senior Chief Petty Officer, and for over the last 30 years I have had an unanswered question in my mind &quot;How and where in Viet Nam did my uncle SGT Martin C. Knapp die?&quot; Well now I know the &quot;where&quot; but I still am unclear as to the &quot;how&quot;. He name is mentioned in the book (1st Cav/2nd Bat/Delta Co.) as is my aunt's name.  This book is simply the best book that I have read about Viet Nam.  I could not put it down and will undoubtedly read it again and again.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This was one of the most touching and deeply moving pieces of music I have  heard.  The beautiful sounds take you deep into a secret garden of your  own.  A must for those who wish to allow their souls to fly. The violin is  the queen of the garden.
B000002GBK|1.0|Rick Wakeman's best music mirrors the structure used by Yes:  changing  tempos, rich textures, cross-beats by the bass and percussion, and voice  accompaniment that is used as simply another musical instrument.  Wakeman  shouldn't try to write &quot;songs&quot;; the lyrics are usually too  simplistic, and the story is thin.  This is the case with both this album  and &quot;Journey to the Center of the Earth.&quot;  None of the vocalists  have particularly strong voices in either set.  The cumulative affect is  music where the voice overshadows any of Wakeman's music.  His best works  are &quot;Six Wives&quot; and &quot;Criminal Record&quot;, where vocals are  nearly non-existent.
0312954468|5.0|It was a great read.  This was my second wilbur smith book.  Right after  River God you MUST read The Seventh Scroll.  The story takes up on the path  4000 years later.
B000001FY9|5.0|THE TITLE SAYS IT ALL!!! IF YOU ONLY WANT TO OWN ONE PIECE OF REGGAE MUSIC  THIS IS IT.
B0000028RR|5.0|I bought this CD when my friends first turned me on to Rage.  Since then I  have become a huge Rage fan and this particular CD is one of the best I  own.  Before I started listening to this album I only listened to classic  rock, like Pink Floyd, Beatles, Zeppelin, etc. However, this album really  opened me up to other types of music.  A must have for any album  collection.
B000002L71|5.0|This album got me through college. It is just fantastic. Live versions of  their best songs provide so much energy it's awesome.
0792151712|5.0|I thought my heart was going to explode at the end it was so filled with  emotion and pain for the love that was not ment to be,but will never be  forgotton as long as i live my hat goes off to cammron he make his mark in  life with this movie, i may be biased since i am a collector of rms titanic  artifacts and memrobilia,have been since i was 7 years old all i have to  say is it's about time some one told her story with passion and courage     END
B000001FDP|5.0|In the wake of the mainstream successes of such albums as Opera Savage,  Direct and The City, Vangelis reveals his darker side in an incredibly  powerful, almost &quot;violently charged&quot; series of instrumental  pieces that will leave the listener literally exhausted at its conclusion.   Vangelis unleashes the raw electronic power of his particular genre of  music in a way that is, for the most part, unprecedented in his chronology  of work. Combining the best (and darkest) aspects of his various  soundtracks (Blade Runner and The Bounty came to mind) Mask establishes a  convergence of the most energetic and untamed aspects of Vangelis' creative  tendencies.  One is left with the impression that he was extremely angry  when composing this album (with the obvious exception of &quot;Movement  6&quot; - a heavenly, almost angelic tune that left me with profound  spiritual visions and sources of inspiration).  The implications of this  album remained to be interpreted by the individual listener, as is always  the case.  However, it should be noted that of all his works, this is the  one least likely to end up in any wine commercials.  Dante had his inferno  and Van Gogh had his ear.  In &quot;Mask&quot; Vangelis shows us just where  he keeps his demons. 5 stars all the way.
0553573403|5.0|I had almost given up on fantasy as a genre because so few authors can  break out of the mold established by Tolkien, etc.  &quot;A Game of  Thrones&quot; is easily the best fantasy novel written in the last  decade;much more imaginative than Robert Jordan's works, for example, and  better written than Raymond Feist's.  The plot is concise and believable,  yet full of surprises; the characters complex yet convincing; dialogue is  crisp, the action sequences absorbing, and the &quot;background story&quot;  or mythos underlying the fantastic world is coherent.  &quot;A Game of  Thrones&quot; is one of the few fantasy novels that probably should not be  stocked under the &quot;Sci-Fi/Fantasy&quot; section, since it transcends  genre and should attract a wide audience.  If you read no other fantasy  book in the 1990s, skip Jordan, skip Modesitt, skip Donaldson-- READ THIS  ONE.
0553275569|4.0|Membership in the unique fraternity, or subculture, which elite pilots  comprise requires tremendous tenacity, skill, courage and sacrifice.  Wolfe's book provides a primer on this unique life, going on to  specifically relate the stories of those selected for the Mercury project.  For those of us who reluctantly rise from bed to plod at unsatisfying jobs  for rent money, this book will be both humbling and illuminating.  One  reads of the exhiliration and the heights of achievement possible for the  devoted and gifted, despite what may be poor monetary compensation.<br />Much  of the descriptions of people, events and feats is surely dramatization,  but the story remains striking.  Though he ignores the rules of grammar,  the author vividly relates the furor of the early US space program:  the  public's anxiety over the program, the urgency at NASA and Capitol Hill, as  well as the emotions of the astronauts in the cockpit, in training, or at  press gatherings.  The book provides a fair synopsis of America's leading  edge late-fifties and entire-sixties aerospace technology, as well as the  public's perception of it.<br />Be prepared for some disenchanting accounts of  the deliberately concealed imperfections in all heroes.  We also learn of  the many blunders and failures in the design and launch of NASA's space  vehicles.  Those who were previously cynnical of the space administration  will likely find their views changed after reading this book.<br />This story  teaches the benefits of vision and dedication.
0399143904|4.0|I've been reading Tom Clancy's fiction since &quot;Hunt for Red  October,&quot; and have enjoyed every one of his books. But, truth be told,  the pleasure decreases with each new one.  Someone needs to rein in this  man's excesses.  &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; would've been a great read about  counter-terrorism, w/ all the wonderful stuff that has made Clancy rightly  famous, including the great gadgets, the realities of coping with  monomaniacal nutcakes, and the pleasure of seeing the bad guys bumped off  by the good guys.  Some IRA-types or Middle Eastern fanatics would've  sufficed to set up all the requisite bad-guy stuff, and that would have  been that.  (Yes, I know he's already used the IRA and extremist Iranians,  but you've still got to pick something remotely real.)  <br />But, for Clancy,  who has seemingly been unchained from some modicum of editorial oversight  since at least &quot;Patriot Games&quot;, this isn't enough. And so, in  &quot;Rainbow Six,&quot; without an editor to tell him otherwise, Clancy is  off on a truly ridiculous tangent that detracts mightily from an otherwise  great story.  The result is that instead of something at least remotely  plausible, we've got some American eco-extremists who actually believe they  can reduce the world's population -- the world's! -- to a million or so --  that's &quot;million&quot; -- and then start over with themselves as both  the saviors and the new leaders, thus allowing Mother Earth to regenerate  herself, with buffalo as far as the eye can see, etc., ad nauseum.  This is  preposterous fantasy.  There may well be fruitcakes out there who believe  such stuff, but the folks Clancy puts at the center of this nonsense would  have to be smarter than that in order to to be as successful in the  &quot;real&quot; world as they have to be for the rest of Clancy's plot to  work. Put differently, is there one real scientist, as the chief bad guy  here clearly is supposed to be, who believes you could fine tune his goal  of reducing the world's population by over 99% and have that depopulation  stop just before it got to him and his supporters?  That you could remove  over 99% of man and have everything work out just fine for the remaining 1%  and everything else?  What poppycock, and the worst part is that it  detracts from the good story.<br />Tom, pick one good story and stick with it.   And trust me, if you had to choose and picked the counter-terrorism one,  you'd continue your best-seller success.  On the other hand if you only  picked the eco-nuts part of this story, you'd still be selling insurance on  the Eastern Shore of Maryland.<br />Maxwell Perkins, phone Putnam.
0679457313|5.0|The first time I read this novel I was stunned. Actually the first  paragraph stunned me. It is that good! Themes are picked up and set down,  only to be returned to again and again. Everything in this novel builds to  its conclusion. I truly couldn't put it down and ended up reading it 3  times in a row, finding new things in it each time. This is a novel I've  been reading excerpts from at every poetry reading I attend. Everyone needs  to read this incredible work.
0399143904|5.0|I just finished &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; and the thing just completely  exhausted me ... it just kept you on the &quot;edge of your seat&quot; the  entire time.  Clancy has outdone himself with his new book.  I found the  openness of the Project members to be somewhat unrealistic as in a scheme  such as this, information would have been on an &quot;as needed  basis&quot;, however, there are some &quot;crazies&quot; out there.  I  found the plot to be very believable.  I truly liked this book and I hope  others will purchase it and find it as enjoyable as I did.
B000002TLX|5.0|The moon,the stars,the night,the wind blowing softly through my hair,the  sand touching gently my skin,the waves crushing on the shore,my boyfriend  holding my hand and kissing me tender.Above all...one voice,one  style-Richard Marx.
B000002H97|5.0|The most well arranged, and though-out album ever produced by metallica.  Truly an album for the ages. Heavy hits like &quot;Enter Sandman,&quot;  &quot;Wherever I May Roam,&quot; and &quot;Sad But True,&quot; are balanced  out by ballads like &quot;The Unforgiven,&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else  Matters.&quot; An awesome mix of music from the guitars of Hetfield and  Hammett, and the drums and bass from Newsted and Ulrich. A monumental  album.
B000002BBY|5.0|Oasis became my favorite band because of this one CD. I just have an ear  for good music and that is why I love this one. I also have Definitely  Maybe and Be Here Now, but Whats The Story Morning Glory is easily my  favorite. Wonderwall happens to be the best song in my opinion, but all are  good. If your stereo doesnt have good bass i wouldnt suggest this CD,  without the bass it sounds empty. I LOVE OASIS!!!
B000002AGB|1.0|I don't know if I can express just how deeply disappointed I was in this  release. What with the amazing heights of ecstasy brought on by the much  expanded Live at Leeds, I was primed for more. At last, a complete Tommy,  live. And really, Tommy live is the main point in buying this recording.  The inclusion of a searing Amazing Journey/Sparks on Leeds pointed to the  possibility of a thunderous experience here on Isle of Wight 1970 but alas,  it is not to be.<br />Note the circumstances surrounding this recording  proudly spelled out in the gushing liner notes. It was 3:00 in the morning  before the Who took the stage. The festival took place in August 1970, a  full year after the U.S. tour of Tommy and a full six months after the  amazing performance at Leeds. And here they are, still doing the deaf,  dumb, and blind bit. They were obviously over Tommy and it shows.<br />There  seems to be very little attempt at focusing on the rock opera material. The  band's playing is sloppy, the vocals - particularly Pete's - are strained.  Townsend's lead riffing is stumbling, embarrassing. And Sally Simpson is  just plain missing.<br />The boys sound like they're just hamming their way  through it because it is expected. Their hearts are clearly onto new  things. And those new things for late 1970 are the only saving grace to  this recording. Water - while lyrically inane - is at least performed with  some gusto. As is Naked Eye. But these two jewels in an otherwise tarnished  crown are hardly worth the price of admission.
B000003NA4|5.0|As a fellow vocalist, I listen with an extra discerning ear, and what I  have found on this C.D. is absolute pleasure. While it seems  one-dimensional, Diana is truly mesmerizing. I can listen to this from  start to finish and that says alot. Diana deserves all of the fame and  accolades the general public have bestowed upon her. Her detractors are  just envious. Keep at it!
B000002H72|5.0|I didn't get The Pixies at first.  I was living in Chicago at the time,  and the cool radio station (93.1, WXRT) was playing &quot;Monkey Gone To  Heaven&quot; and &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; in heavy rotation (which,  according to their definition, was...once a day), and they just didn't  click for me.  I really got turned on to The Pixies when  &quot;Bossanova&quot; came out, and worked my way back.  So, when I got  around to buying this one,  the first song I heard was &quot;Debaser,&quot;  a mindblower.  &quot;Wave Of Mutilation&quot; is great also, and  as a CD,  it's simply outstanding.  I STILL don't  really get &quot;Surfer   Rosa&quot; or &quot;Come On Pilgrim,&quot; but chalk that up to personal  problems.  This serves as an excellent entry into The Pixies ouvre, and  harkens back to an earlier day when groups could be successful making  quirky albums that reached a small (if 100,000 or so is small) group of  dedicated fans who would help nurture a group as it found its voice.
B000000IV0|5.0|A very good album, most songs are fast paced  and captivating. A must-buy  for the avid Nirvana  fan.
B000002R48|5.0|When a friend of mine snuck a couple of songs from this album onto a tape  he made of Liquid Tension Exparement (Another awsome CD), I couldn't help  but to be nothing short of amazed by what I heard.  My favorite song is  &quot;The Killing Hand.&quot;  When I first heard it (on tape), I kept  having to hit the rewind button to make sure that I had heard what I had  thought I heard.  This song is one of DT's best, only outdone by  &quot;Metropolis&quot; (from Images and Words).  This song alone is worth  the CD, but there's so much more!  I was blown away time and time again by  the music on this CD.  The lyrics of &quot;Light Fuse and Get Away&quot;  are awesome.  I took to Charlie's voice almost as well as Labrie's, in  fact, his vocal skills seem to be stronger in some areas.  While the  production of this CD is lacking, the music carries it through with a BANG!   If songs like Hand, or Light Fuse had been on the radio when this CD came  out, I truely believe that the music we would be listening to today would  be 100X better!
B000002PCS|5.0|...and own this music.  It will make those romantic dinners to lazy,  Summer Sundays more of what they already are.  But only buy it if you love  beautiful music that will set the tone!
0553573403|5.0|I haven't read Martin since his Haviland Tuf series, and thought he only wrote SF.  Being a fan of both genres, I was more than pleasantly suprised to find 'A Game of Thrones' which has apparently been released for some time now.  Creating such a rich and action packed novel makes this a great read and very hard to put down.  The threads that started in this book will not be woven for a while, which makes the for even more anticipation.  What about the Dragons?  What about Winter?  Will there be a King of the North?  I look forward to more...
0399143904|2.0|Although I've read everything but those op-center books, the declining  quality of his latest offerings caused me to buy Rainbow 6 with some  trepidation.  I now regret buying and reading this ridiculous book.  There  is no reason for this lightweight story to occupy 740 pages -- is Clancy  getting paid by the word?  Clancy should place more emphasis on tight  plotting and omit the right wing paranoia.  Also, subtlety is definitely  not his strong suit.  The ham-fisted superhero treatment of Clark, Chavez,  and the rest of the Rainbow 6 team is straight out of a comic book.   Finally, I won't spoil it by telling you who the villains are, but if you  find them as scary as Clancy does, you are part of the lunatic fringe.   What happened to the guy who wrote The Hunt for Red October?
0380778556|4.0|&quot;Rebecca&quot; is a very slow read in the beginning -- too much  blabber about landscapes and flowers. But do plod through. If you can get  through the first 80 pages you're in for a real treat. A timesless classic  of love, jealousy, evil and murder. After you read it, see the movie  starring Laurence Olivier.
B000002AT6|5.0|Just how prolific and James Horner's musical repetoire be?  I hope I never  hear the end of him.  If you love &quot;Braveheart&quot;,  &quot;Titanic&quot;, etc. you will continue to be a big fan of his music.   Close your eyes and you will see the Montana sunsets and remember the  powerful and compelling story of this family and it's history.  A must for  any good Soundtrack Collection!
B000002UAU|5.0|The Beatles have never sounded better.In this album, everything is more  creative than before-even the album cover.Paul writes most of the songs  including Fixing a Hole,She's Leaving Home,When I'm Sixty-four,the title  track,and the title track's reprise.John also incudes a few tracks of his  own including Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds,Good Morning Good Morning,and A  Day in the Life(Paul writes the third verse of the song) which incluedes a  loud sound made by an orchestra.George's second Indian influenced  song,Within You Without You,is seen here as well.Ringo's solo spot on the  album is Paul's With A Little From My Friends which is my most favorite  song on the album.(When I'm Sixty-four and Good Morning Good Morning come  next.)From start to end,from Sgt. Pepper's...(song)to A Day in the  Life,you'll never find,in a million years,an album better than Sgt.  Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
B0000042MY|5.0|...and imagine Daniel Day-Lewis in those bucskins and you have yourself a  wonderful Saturday afternoon.  This beautiful music (loved the Celtic  influence!) is part of what made the movie so wonderful.  Do yourself a  favor and get this just as soon as you can!
B000002UAX|5.0|Though there is a lot of solo work involved,I think it's a great double  album.By this time all the Beatles are writing-even Ringo.In this  album,Ringo makes his debut as a songwriter with Don't Pass Me By.At the  same time,John's at his best with songs such as Goodnight,I'm So  Tired,Revolution 1,and Dear Prudence which is the best song on the  album.Paul's writing beautiful ballads such as Martha,My Dear,Blackbird,  and I Will which is the Beatles' best love song after John's In My  Life.George has unique songriting skills,and is using them while writing  While My Guitar...,Piggies,Long Long Long,and Savoy Truffle.This could've  been an excellent album if Wild Honey Pie,Why Don't We...,and Revolution 9  weren't on it.Either than that it's a great album,but for some of their  best work, I'd recommend these;Rubber Soul,Revolver,Sgt. Peppers...,Magical  Mystery Tour,and Abbey Road.<br />Tim Lewis-10yrs Old
B000004286|5.0|...and buy this for yourself.  I can't even begin to guess how many times  I have listened to this beautiful and haunting music.  From the same author  of &quot;Titanic&quot; soundtrack.  You can relive the images of the movie  through this wonderful and powerful music and once again not be  disappointed.  One of the best soundtracks you'll ever own and more than  your money's worth.
B000007NYS|5.0|I just finished my week long vacation and listened to this cd 3 times a  day every day.  Sitting here, writing this review, I can't wait to get back  to hearing &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; or &quot;Am I Too Blue&quot; or  &quot;Big Red Sun Blues&quot;.
B000009PNY|4.0|There are many things that make DM a great group. Great music, great  voices, and great lyrics. This album makes you realize that even without  the trademark DM music and David G and Martin G voices, the lyrics can  stand alone and make great songs. About half the songs are awesome putting  some different voices and music to great lyrics. The best tributes are  &quot;Shake the Disease&quot;, &quot;Waiting for the Night&quot;,  &quot;Monument&quot;, and &quot;World in My Eyes&quot;. Especially notable  is a complete flip of mood and feel of &quot;Master and Servant&quot;. It  is turned into a jazzy tribute which is very effective. A great buy.
B0000024K1|5.0|One of the best albums of the 1980's, maybe even THE best.  This was the  first rap album that ever rocked.  I've been listening to it since the day  it was released.  Every time it blows me away, and every time I hear  something new that I missed before.  An absolute classic.
0345409671|4.0|Memnoch was a fitting end to the chronicles of Lestat.  after the body  theif (which was definately not up to rice's usual standards) and watching  the powerful character of Lestat become a weak, sniveling...Louis I  guess...it was time to end Lestat's reign (i do hope her new vampire books  take up where she left off early in the series, back to the old standards  of writing).  <br />Memnoch was a fascinating character...I hope to see more  of him in the future.  dora was underdeveloped, but roger was well  done.<br />one of the best things about this book was anne's take on religion.   it was excellent, gave me a lot to think about (but i won't spoil it for  those of you who haven't read it).  i think you should pick this book up  just for the theology.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|Fugazi, simply put are up there.  Above everything else.  I could rant on  for a while about thier political anti-commercial stance, but that doesn't  have squat to do about their music.   Which is, by the way, as brilliant as  always.  Over time Fugazi have evolved (not mellowed).  For instance, 'End  Hits' contains several indie-guitar-swing instrumentals.  And they are  superb.  Music for all ages, angry, reflectful, and just good to listen to.   Summation:  A very broad album, well-thought out, masterful musicanship,  and above all - a wonderful sound.  Buy this record now!
0790731452|1.0|It was dissapointing to watch this movie. It makes you keep on waiting and  waiting to see what is going to happen and you say &quot;oh well, I have  nothing else to do&quot; and finally when you think someting is happening  in the movie you sadly find out that it is all what you predicted.     END
0393312836|5.0|A real horrorshow piece of work.  Every slovo was lovingly handcrafted and  it would be a grazhny vonny sin to hurry through it real skorry like.   Every time I read it through, I can like viddy everything in my gulliver;  one hell of a sinny.  Everyone would enjoy this, from the nadsats to the  devotchkas.  Tell your droogies!
0399143904|2.0|It certainly seems to me that Tom Clancy's political grandstanding  seriously detracts from the story. It's getting harder and harder to wade  through these massive tomes. Mr. Clancy's political beliefs have always  been apparent in his work, but now he seems to feel that his novels are  podiums fit for bludgeoning us over the head with.  He always has been an  excellent storywriter, but the dogma is very much overpowering the story. I  find that I as I reread his earlier novels, I enjoy them less because of  the civics lessons I was forced to endure in &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; and  &quot;Debt of Honor&quot;. I certainly could not reccomend this book to a  non-fan, and fans should definetely edit as they read. I just hope Mr.  Clancy realizes before his next novel is finished, that Ronald Reagan is no  longer in need of a speechwriter.
B000002PCS|5.0|This movie can really tear you up.  Technically, it is a well crafted  movie.  Costumes were perfect.  The Grand Hotel was the perfect setting for  location shoots.  The lighting and camera angles were fresh but not  obtrusive to the story. And of course, the soundtrack carries everything  flawlessly!  I absolutely adore movies that remember how much a soundtrack  can add to a movie experience, and &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot; ranks very  highly on my list for this category.
B0000025D0|4.0|My older brother's the Springsteen fan--me, I like him, but I'm more your  average Clash/Husker Du/Sonic Youth fan.  My brother once told me that  Bruce would make a hit album (&quot;Born To Run), then fall back and  regroup (&quot;Darkness&quot;), make another hit album (&quot;The  River&quot;), fall back (&quot;Nebraska&quot;), and it's amazing how true  this is.  He started that pattern with this album,  probably my favorite of  his albums due to the work the listener has to undertake to fully  appreciate it.  This doesn't make it an inaccessable album--on the  contrary, tunes such as &quot;Badlands,&quot; &quot;Candy's Room&quot; and  &quot;Promised Land&quot; rock as hard as anything he's ever recorded, but  the more introspective tunes are what make this album special, particularly  the two last ones, &quot;Prove It All Night&quot; (one tough song) and the  haunting &quot;Darkness On The Edge Of Town.&quot;  Fans who discovered  Springsteen when &quot;Born In The U.S.A.&quot; came out may not fully  appreciate this one, but for even the casual fan, this album is as  indispensable as his more popular ones.
0399143904|4.0|This is a typical Tom Clancy novel. By that I mean it's great all the way  till you get to the NON- climatic end. I have read every Tom Clancy novel  there is and all ways enjoy them. But, as he grows in years, the same  non-climatic end comes to be. Yoy read 700 pages and he tie's it all up in  the final few pages. God, I hate that. You spent 700+ pages telling a  fantastic story and end it in 20. Thats a Dam shame..........
0062502182|5.0|What can I say - this book taught me how to follow my destiny.  I  recommend it to people every where I go.
B000002NHN|2.0|The two best songs on the album are The Mummer's Dance and Marco Polo. As  for the rest... To be kind, I'd say she's better when she speaks to the  music rather than actually sings. Almost the entire album is whining  pseudo-Centic twaddle.<br />Most of the reviews point out how McKennitt  spreads out from the Celtic roots and embraces other styles on this album.  Other than Marco Polo, not really. <br />After a while it becomes music to  slit your wrists to.
0399143904|1.0|Let's face it.  This book is one long cartoon.  The good guys?  Not a  scratch on 'em.  The Bad guys?  Nuke 'em.  The good guys?  Fine, upstanding  family men.  The bad guys?  Dysfunctional low-lifes.  Clancy's politics?   To the right of Rush Limbaugh.  Clancy's women?  In the kitchen (or the  hospital ward) where they belong.  The plot was laughable.  And I used to  be a Clancy fan.
B000002TYK|3.0|I love the Foo Fighters very much, but i think i made the mistake of  getting the Colour and the Shape before this one.  Dave Grohl virtually  worked alone on this one, and you can tell.  Its ok, but i'd either get it  as a used CD or as a gift.
0399143904|5.0|This is one of the best Clancy books I have ever read.  To the reader from  Bayville, NJ, you said never has so little been conveyed in so many pages.   You call a terrorist bank robbery, killing  a terminally ill kid, taking  hostage an Austrian,  and taking hostage thirty-three kids little.  You are  just blind.
B000002BHE|2.0|This was my second tape in my life, and I put it on while I tried to fall  asleep. I fell asleep before I'd listened to four songs. The next morning I  changed tapes. I have never heard all the songs on the album. To me, that  means it wasn't worth my money.
0802130208|5.0|There has never been, and will probably never be, a book as well-written  and entertaining as this.  This is easily one of the greatest books ever  written.  And I've read a lot.  From the lowest dreck to the  &quot;finest&quot; literature.  And this one damn near beats them all.
B0000062GE|5.0|Somehow, Stabbing Westward can seem to add some sympathy to their CDs, and  almost make you feel the pain that the singer is reciting.  This may not  sound like a good thing, but for once, there's a CD where pain is NOT  rendered as raw fury with gratituous cursing in the background.<br />Every  track seems to go beyond simply music, and actually make you feel almost  sorry for the guy who's singing it, yet there still enough tracks of anger  (Save Yourself, Torn Apart, Thing I Hate) to fill any metal lover's quota  for the next month.
B0000057C5|5.0|Any idiot who thinks that music needs to be in English to be good has got  to listen to this CD.  The first 6 tracks are probably the best songs in my  entire collection of CDs, Buch Dich as the #1 song of them all.  Tier is an  excellent song, although I think Du Hast was overrated (It's not one of the  better songs on the CD)<br />Who cares what I say?  BUY THE CD NOW!!!
B00000099Y|5.0|Aside from the sore neck problem (Read the title), this CD rocks!!!  Don't  even think about buying another CD before this one!  Hey, why do you THINK  Aenema won a Grammy award for Best Metal Performance?
1573225517|5.0|If your in your mid thirties and wondering why life isn't turning out  quite the way you dreamt as a kid, read this book.  A wonderfully crafted  tale that strikes a chord on every page.  It allows you not just to see the  thoughts of the central character but to believe in them, to really feel  their authenticity and the reasonableness, even inevitability, of their  illogicallity. It casts a light on the thin line between success and  failure, choices, the path dependency of life in general, hopes and  regrets.   A must read!
B000003BEV|4.0|Many Stones fans hate this album with passion, and i've annoyed more than  one person by saying that this is their best album EVER <BR> Ok I'm kidding  that would be 'Beggers Banquet'<BR> But this is a stunningly original peice  of silly music. It is not in anyway derivative of 'Sgt Peppers'<BR> (which  is a much more tasteful and restrained album) <BR> It has some great guitar  work on citadel, and some good (if primitve effects) on '2000 light years'  <BR> The band occasionally embrace a loopy music hall, tape cut up  here  and there, and harpsichord and snoring <BR> I suspect Stones fans hate it,  because its easily the album that sounds least like the Stones, but I'm  sad. If people had been able to accept the Stones being explorative,  perhaps the dead period of the mid 70s-80s would not have occured. <BR>  Perhaps, nowadays people will be able to here it for what it was, a brave  experiment which confounded eveyone, and a classic of its genre.
0684874350|5.0|I found this book to be one of the most beautiful and painful books I have  ever read.  I was amazed at Mr. McCourt's ability to portray such a  devastating childhood without any malice or bitterness.  I want to  personally thank Mr. McCourt for giving me a perspective on how much bounty  we take for granted in this country.  The book took me longer to read than  most because I kept getting up and going into my childrens' rooms and  thanking God that I can feed and clothe them.
0440180295|5.0|Finally, abook that actually deserves five stars.  I literally couldn't  put it down.  It is my frist Vonnegut and will definitely not be my last.   It isn't the least bit confusing and goes by almost efforlessly.  Totally  enteraining.
0385471483|5.0|Quite possibly one of the most moving books i have ever read.
006017322X|5.0|I was permitted to read this book at the age of 13.  I have continued to  reread it about every three years. I am now 47.  This is a wonderful  journey into childhood and a way of life that is all but gone.  It is also  a tale about injustice, ignorance, and prejudice and the courage of one man  attempting to overcome them. I believe it is a must read for high school  students and or college students.  I cannot recommend this book too highly.    The movie is also a must see, one of few that sticks very close to to the  book. Gregory Peck's portrayal of Atticus is perfect as well of those of  Jem, Scout and Dill. And Robert Duvall as Boo Radley is memorable. To Kill  A Mocking Bird is one of the finest works I have ever read. Read it with a  book discussion group at your local library. It is a true classic.
B000002W4V|4.0|I'm sorry to read that Reed dosn't like this. It may be  a contract filler  or something, but this is beautiful. <BR> The guitar work is superb, and  the singing is throwaway but apt.<BR> Of the 4 versions of Heroin i've  heard this is the one that bites hardest precisely because of the almost  orchestral lushness of the guitar and organ. The contrast sets off the  bleakness of the words <BR> Perhaps nothing else on the album reaches this  kind of level, but 'rock and roll' is definately cute <BR> As always the  digital conversion has cut out the amp hiss from the vinyl, which should  have been left. Hiss is the 'negative space' that the musicians work with,  but that is a small complaint. <BR> This is no 'metal machine music' or  'Berlin', but you can listen to it without wanting to suicide. <BR> If you  have any interest in live rock get it.
0792151712|4.0|The movie was good but not the best movie of all time.  I agree with  Hawaii in that this movie is imoral but hey most movies now a days are.   The reason everyone, in my oppinon, sees this movie over and over again is  because it's stuck in their head for weeks on end.  If you left the theater  and didn't think about it the movie wouldn't have been such a hit.     END
0684800713|5.0|A story of individuals desperate for a profound human relationship but  never able to achieve it. The focus of all the male characters is Brett  Ashley, who has a passion for sexual liasions.  Our hero is ostensibly the  man she loves but he is rendered impotent by a war wound, and so their love  affair must remain platonic.  He is cast then in the role of supporting her  through her foibles with other men, and we are able to suffer the tragedy  with him as he fails to be able to attain the relationship he desires with  the woman he loves.  The additional male characters are excellently  portrayed for their variety and activities, and each has depth while also  remaining as trivial and shallow as the &quot;lost generation&quot;  permitted.  A fine novel and a great introduction to Hemingway's more  intense works.
0399143904|1.0|As an avid Clancy fan, this book was a below the belt blow. Bad plot,  horrible character development, nothing of great interest, leaves you short  of breath and reeling in pain over the $16.95 (+ shipping) that could have  been wisely spent else where.<br />Clancy's personal beliefs come crashing  like a frieght train throughout this book. The Author shows his non-concern  about the environment, by wasting over 800 pages to deliver this book. The  rah!rah! jingoist crowd would love this book and it's extermly far fetched  plot (even for Clancy's standards) and the action sequences that are tepid  and take to much space in the book. Unlike the previous books, Clancy does  not manage to draw a connection between the hero(s) and the villain(s).  Each appear to be operating in different planets till the so called  climactic end. There are to many laughable, boring ideas in this book,  least of which is the back cover pseudo-military photo of the author, to  list and discuss all of them. My next Calncy purchase will be made with  great hesitation and after reading a few reviews.
0140177396|5.0|This is one of the most touching books I have ever read!  I won't say why,  though, because that would ruin it if you haven't read it.  If you have  read it, you know exactly what I mean.  This book is brilliant.  DO NOT  read the ending before you've read the rest of the book!!!
B000001ESP|5.0|I am not a fan of rock and roll music (I think Mozart is the nearest thing  to a God to ever walk the Earth) but I appreciate talent and virtuosity in  any genre.  My son told me to listen to Rush, so I borrowed some CDs and  was generally unimpressed--until I heard &quot;YYZ&quot;.  The  extraordinary precision of this three-man group combined with exceptional  production and mixing just astounded me.  Of the 80+ CD's that I own, this  is the only non-classical one, and I find that I play it more than any  other, partly because I enter IASCA stereo competitions (I have an  absolutely killer stereo in my old station wagon!) and the production  values of this CD are so high that it showcases my stereo better than any  other CD I have.  None of the other Rush CD's I have heard excite me, but I  highly recommend this one.
B000002LK1|5.0|Violator is the last Depeche Mode Album containing  cool electronic  sounds. You can also hear out their new directions using some electric  guitars which they used on their following albums. After I heard  &quot;Songs of Faith an Devotion&quot; and &quot;ULTRA&quot; I can only say  that the synthie Depeche Mode era ended with the &quot;Violator&quot;  album. But there is a German band releasing fantastic electronic music in  their tradition. They are called DE/VISION. They homepage adress is  [...] DE/VISION  is a very good alternative for everyone who  likes melodic and driving electronic music.
B000002GYW|4.0|The Eagles' second album, &quot;Desperado&quot;, is a concept album,  exploring the theme &quot;rock musician as outlaw&quot; and doing it very  well. It's a mixture of rock `n' roll and country, some tracks mostly rock,  some mostly country. The opening track, &quot;Doolin-Dalton&quot;, is a  beautiful ballad without being sappy, and the same thing goes for the  famous title track.  The tempo is sometimes slow, sometimes fast, and as  usual, all the then-Eagles, Frey, Henley, Meisner and Leadon, do lead  vocals on at least one track. The last song on the album is titled  &quot;Doolin-Dalton/Desperado reprise&quot;, and it is indeed just an added  verse to both songs, but it is in no way superflous. The  &quot;Desperado&quot; reprise in particular is a wonderful piece of music,  sporting great vocal harmonies, beautiful lyrics and melodiousness like  none other.  On &quot;Hotel California&quot;, The Eagles left no doubt as  to who are the best bunch of musicians in the business, but although  &quot;Desperado&quot; is three years older and a lot more simple, it is  still the work of accomplished craftsmen, and that makes it all the more  wonderful. The album is filled with superb vocal and instrumental harmonies  and great solos from both Bernie Leadon and Glenn Frey. Sure, there are one  or two sort of boring songs, but most of them are either &quot;good&quot;  or &quot;great&quot;, and none are actually bad. All in all, this is really  very close to five stars, but since I can't give 4, I'll have to settle  for four.  Enjoy!
B000002ULO|4.0|While I have to admit to being such a Beatles fan that I'm predisposed to  buy a lot of solo ex-Beatle music, I also have to admit that I've been  disappointed with a lot of it, and probably with Paul's more than the rest.   Each album has a gem or two, or possibly several, but few of Paul's solo  efforts are great as a whole.  &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; ranks up there with  &quot;McCartney&quot;, &quot;Band on the Run&quot;, and perhaps as someone  else mentioned, &quot;Flowers in the Dirt&quot;.   It has a more honest,  sincere, down- to-earth feel than many of his solo CD's, coupled with a  more spare sound.  The addition of Ringo (particularly on the coda to  &quot;Beautiful Night&quot;), Steve Miller and Jeff Lynne all add spice to  this Pie, but Paul's still the chef, and this is puts him back on the menu.
B0000020C4|5.0|&quot;Can people really so fast?&quot;  A verse from the Original London  Cast.  The answer is a sure &quot;YES!&quot;  I had never been a big  musical fan.  Yet, I can claim that I'm in love with Les Mis.  I was  introduced to Les Mis less than a year ago and now I have all the Les Mis  recordings I can get a hand on in Canada.  Guess what, I just saw the Les  Mis show the second time last Saturday (with the exclusive North American  appearance of Colm Wilkinson as Jean Valjean :-)  It just opened a month  less few days ago)  I went with a friend who heard it the first time.   After the show, she said &quot;I want to get a recording of Les Mis right  now!  Which recording do you recommend?&quot;  AND, without second thought,  I said, &quot;Well, get the 10th Anniversay Concet Recording!&quot;   Indeed, this is the recording with the dream cast and most performers  improved a lot years after their first performances.
B0000019PA|5.0|NMH's frontman Jaff Magnum sings about sex, nonconformity, inner beauty  and..., oh who knows what he's on about anyway?  But who cares?  On their  second album, NMH takes a mostly acoustic starting point and throws in  brilliantly crafted pop melodies with fuzzy distortion and an eclectic  collage of instruments including trombones, accordions and singing saws.   The result is a album in which the powerful acoustic strumming rocks harder  than noisy punk numbers (killers though they are), the varied  instrumentation is more unique than just about anything out there, and the  songwriting is extraordinary.  One of the year's best.
B000002G87|5.0|Amazing. It's not because there isn't a bad song, but that all 14 are  great! Before buying this CD, I knew only Layla and Bell Bottom Blues, but  the other songs are just as good. I Am Yours is beautiful, Anyday and Keep  On Growing are great, and Key To The Highway is one of the best jams I've  heard, always great and never boring. And Little Wing is a wonderful  tribute to Jimi Hendrix, who died during the recording of this album, and  their version is even better than the original (in my opinion). The passion  in the playing and singing is what makes this album stand out. Too bad they  broke up after this one, they are the best short-lived band (or long-lived)  I know. I'd give more stars if I could...
B000000LZV|5.0|Short and sweet, just like their songs: The band on this record changed my  life. They will change yours.
B000005K48|4.0|As a rabid Spice Girls fan I suppose I'm a bit biased, but I really love  &quot;Spiceworld.&quot;  Sure, it's not deep or overly thought-provoking,  but it's not supposed to be.  It's supposed to be fun, and it is!  Songs  like &quot;Spice Up Your Life,&quot; &quot;Stop,&quot; and &quot;Move  Over&quot; will get anyone grooving, while &quot;Too Much&quot; and  &quot;Viva Forever&quot; (one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard,  by ANY artist) prove that the Girls really do have talent when it comes to  singing and harmonizing.  A couple of the songs are a bit forgettable, but  all in all it's tons of fun.<br />As for all those people who hate the Spice  Girls, you're entitled to your opinion.  But please go review CD's  someplace else.  We Spice fans don't go around slamming your (depressing)  music, so please don't slam our (fun) music.  :-)
B000002NHN|5.0|I first became familiar with the song &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; on  the &quot;Ever After&quot; trailer with Drew Barrymore.  I was so angry  when I found out that the song I had loved so much was not on the  soundtrack.  But with a little investigating I found out that the artist's  name was Loreena McKennitt, who has now become one of my favorite female  singers.  This is great music to get you to think, something I love to do  often.  I would recommend it for all age groups, young and old.
B000009QPO|5.0|one of the most underrated CD's of all time. Lyrics,guitar, harmonies are  all wonderful. I truly don't understand why this got only limited airplay--  I guess it didn't easily fit into the tight pre-defined formats that radio  stations reqiure nowadays. <br />&quot;Take me with you when you go&quot; and  &quot;waiting for the sun &quot; are standouts but every cut is wonderful
B000002TQV|5.0|From the first listening of this album, it is evident that Thom Yorke of  Radiohead has loved and lost like the worst of us.  His lyrics haunt you,  and if you are in the right mood, they will also stab you with miniscule  needle-pricks straight through your ego.<br />And the voice!  With one foot in  falsetto range and the other in spoken word, Thom Yorke is able to convey a  lifetime's worth of frustrations and  observations with his various moans  and mumbles.<br />Of course, it's not just him--the music that backs up his  wavering, pleading vocals is the battering ram behind the album--usually  progressing from a soft acoustic strum to a belligerent, electric tidal  wave of both angry passion and icy aloofness.  As an amateur guitar player,  I found the songs &quot;Just&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; the  best teachers of simple, expressive music-playing.<br />The album starts out  with the strong rock chords of &quot;Planet Telex&quot; and ends with a  tragic A-minor arpeggio from &quot;Street Spirit.&quot;  In between these  two poles Radiohead pulls you by the hair and forces you to remember every  time you felt like an outsider, every time you were rejected, every time  you someone let you down.  Then they reassure you that you are not alone,  as they hum you a lullaby until the last song soars through your ears and  perches upon a limb inside your memory and watches you like Poe's  Raven.<br />My advice:  don't buy this album unless you're ready for a  long-term devotion to this band!<br />If you have any more questions about  Radiohead or are a fan yourself, please feel free to email me!
B000002UAX|5.0|The most varied album (double albums included) you will ever hear. And all  of it is awesome. But I'm sure most people will misunderstand Revolution 9  when they buy this album-they'll think it's the most unbearable 8 minutes  they've ever had to listen to. But I see the song as a response to all the  violence and death in the year in which the album was released; it was the  year when Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King were assassinated, and the  Vietnam war was at its height (the Tet Offensive was in January). So, this  was Lennon's response to that chaotic year.<br />Listen to it a few times and  you will enjoy it as much as I do.
B000002A3T|2.0|What made Pink Floyd so amazing was their ability to write such evocative  music, music that made you feel...it sends chills down the spine, makes you  laugh, makes you cry...but this album makes me want to puke.  It sounds as  if pink floyd has finally done what happens to even the best...they got  old.   I suppose they must have fallen into a rut.  Gilmour's playing licks  he used on every one of his solo albums, and the singing, while passionate,  begins to drone on uninspiringly after the first five minutes.  For any  band, this is a bad album.  For pink floyd, it's abyssmal.
044022425X|5.0|I bought all four books and read them one right after the other. I  couldn't put any of them down, as a found myself so caught up in the story.   And Jamie....I could just picture this handsome, wild looking Scotsman. I  also enjoyed reading about the history and people of that time, which Ms.  Gabaldon brought to life.<br />After finishing the fourth book, the only thing  I found disappointing was that it had to end, and I felt like I was left  hanging and there should have been more.  Now I hear there is likely a  fifth and sixth book...great.  This story is not over yet! I will anxiously  await these books, and I will definitely re-read the set again.
B000002UAR|5.0|Even before the Beatles went into the studio to record their masterpiece,  Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, they had already transformed the  nature of rock music several months before with the British release of the  brilliant Revolver; and it is only through Sgt. Pepper that the Beatles  exceeded the achievements of Revolver. The songwriting is sincere,  innovative, and refreshing even three decades after the fact. Lennon and  McCartney achieved a level of artistry at this point in their career far  exceeding their contempories (with the exception of Dylan) and as yet  unmatched by current artists. The production level is still unsurpassed,  and even though the Beatles employed only four-track recording technology,  no album other than Sgt. Pepper before or since (even after the  introduction of recording equipment that includes over 100 separate tracks)  can even hope to touch the creative level reached by the Beatles and George  Martin. Each song is a micro-masterpiece in itself, and each one continues  to exemplify the Beatles extraordinary gift for diversity, experimentation,  and sheer sonic mastery. &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; &quot;For No One,&quot;  and &quot;Here, There, and Everywhere&quot; are as melodic, beautiful and  meaningful as any song ever written (going back to Schubert).  &quot;Taxman&quot;, Harrison's finest song to that date, is both witty  political commentary and one of the best rock songs of its day. &quot;And  Your Bird Can Sing,&quot; is, inspite of Lennon's later protests, quite  simply one of the most honest, liberating songs in the rock idiom.  &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;Love You To&quot; display  the Beatles unmatched facility for diversity, and &quot;Yellow Submarine  joins that pair as one of the most engaging children's songs on record.  Above all, the final cut by itself sends music into a whole new realm of  sound, rhythm, and invention. Nothing compares to the revelation of this  song, originally called &quot;The Void&quot; by Lennon but re-titled  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; for the final release. Even to this day,  after the considerable achievments of other capable artists with better  equipment, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; remains light years ahead of  its time - and ours. This album is incomparable, dazzling, expansive - the  summit of originality and creative power. A necessity for anyone who is  interested in the evolution of music as such.
0399143904|4.0|As a reader of Mr.Clacy I love how complex and realistic his plots are but something about Rainbow Six doesn't feel like his older work. The plot line however good seems more like a Science Fiction then tech-no. Another problem with the book is that it is too long(740. I mean the book at some part just dragged. I really didn't like the sub plot with the Jackel.  <br />The action that takes place during the book are absolutly fantastic and breath taking.  The amusment park raid was the best.<br />In conclusions the book is good but just not classic Clancy.
B000000OYQ|4.0|It had been over ten years gone (presence) since we heard an unadulterated  Jimmy Page album. while outrider may be uneven, and some of the guest  musicians inappropriate, Page himself was in fine form musically and  professionally.  this was an assured and masterful return from skid row.   we see the fruits of those labors now in the reformed Page/Plant, whose  live shows captivate.
B000002LCI|5.0|This is the CD that solidified DM's status as one of my favorite bands.  It's gloomy, to be sure, but at least it's consistently gloomy. And it's  amazing how well &quot;Strangelove&quot; and &quot;Never Let Me Down  Again&quot; have held up over the years.
B000003NA4|5.0|The words to this MELLOW romp in the romantic park  are the most stirring  string of dialog I have heard in years. Taken solely from a woman's  perspective, nonethless, even guys have to love this song. Several other  great tunes on this alblum make it a great buy.
B000002MH5|5.0|Once you've digested Where You Been, you will wonder, where have I been?   Especially if you are new to Dinosaur Jr. This album is such a classic it  will be hard to believe you are just now discovering it. I hate to fall  into the typical Neil Young and Crazy Horse comparisons, but, if not for  Ragged Glory, Where You Been would be the defining album of the  garage-orchestra genre.<br />Do this - Resequence the songs in this order: Out  There/On The Way/What Else Is New/Get Me/Start Choppin/Goin  Home/Drawerings/I Aint Sayin/Hide/Not The Same
0792151712|5.0|I think this movie will stand as the closest virtual way of being there  onboard the doomed Titanic, unless they close the theatre doors and start  filling the theatre with ice water...<br />The tragedy is that the Academy  Awards people did not give Gloria Stuart an award. How many more times in  her career is she going to get another chance at one? It would have been a  no doubt brilliant way to end a career.<br />Speaking of her, though now in  her character as the older Rose, WHY does she throw the necklace over the  side? A great loss, not only to her family's future inheritance, but such  an object should be in the Smitsonian or similar where it could be enjoyed  by the public. I thought this one of the weaker parts of the movie. One  other aside, I think Whitney Houston would have been a better choice to do  the soundtrack.<br />But overall, it was well done, and Mr. Cameron deserves  the accolades he's received. Follow up your viewing with the transcripts of  the Titanic Disaster Hearings - adds the real-life dimension to the  cinematic experience.     END
B000002HMH|3.0|Because it's Metallica, there are certain things bound to go right, and  they do.  However, many more things go wrong.  This mid-life crisis album  shows Met struggling with it's own legacy, rejecting their talents, their  fans, their achievements.  But the real bad bit is that they also reject  their idealism and musical purity.  have they sold out to mtv?  yes.  are  they as concerned with image now as with music?  yes.  has the money they  have amassed changed their priorities in life?  yes.  Is load a   well-conceived band effort?  no.  Metallica have embarrassed themselves for  all time with this one.    I predict more videos, more albums like this  with Bob Rock, and then a merciful breakup.  The band simply doesn't fit  anymore.  ReLoad, the follow-up album, showed a lot more effort because  Metallica put a lot more time into it.  The results were palpable, but  still shoddy compared with their past successes.   Still, because it's  Metallica, there are bound to be some shining moments in this  degenerative  CD.  3 stars.
0792151712|3.0|I really looked forward to going to this movie.  I normally love  historically accurate films.  The problem was the fact that the movie had  to waste so much time on the love story that ended up turning the entire  theater into one big pool of estrogen.  The visual effects were very well  done and Kate Winslett did a nice job, although the nudity seemed  unnecessary and caused me to recommend that none of my students see the  film.  Leonardo DiCaprio made even this easy role seem difficult and was  the main disappointment of the film.  I watched the movie in a theater that  was completely packed (obviously) and the temperature had to have risen  over 100 degrees!  Despite my misgivings, any film that surpasses Star Wars  must be okay!     END
B000002LMK|5.0|...so i'm cruisin around amazon just checking things out readin some  reviews and thinking about my favorite albums when i decide to see what  others have said about my all-time fav ragged glory and i just about sh*t  myself when i see there are none so the world is my oyster now what do i  say i say i'm still so stoked over this album i dont think i'll ever hear  anything better it blows my mind gives me goosebumps and i want everyone to  hear what i hear i'm not sayin this is one of the best this is it
B000009DUY|5.0|John Williams' score for &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; is an excellent  example of the phrase &quot;less is more.&quot;  Much of the film is  unscored, as the realistic sounds of battle are more than enough to  overwhelm the audience.  What music there is, though, beautifully pays  tribute to those who sacrificed their lives for our freedom.
B000002B7U|3.0|When you really break this cd down, it looks like a poor cd. Because the  only standout track is Shot in the dark, it makes the other songs seem  meaningless. the rest of the album keeps intrest, and it ends with one of  ozzy's best. Also the last album with one of the best guitarists i've heard  and seen (on video) Jake E Lee.
0399143904|4.0|As usual Clancy is ahead of the game. He really gives us something to  think about and the possibilities of what crazy minds will do.
B000002B82|5.0|This was the first ozzy cd i bought, and it didn't disappoint. I have 9  more on my racks, and they are all great. Looking at the 80's fallout. This  cd really got ozzy by. I feel that if this cd wasn't as good as it was.  we'd be seeing ozzy doing shows for 1,000 people instead of package tour  Ozzfest.
0385311400|5.0|My husband says I read these books like they're bibles.  I started reading  Outlander 3 months ago, and haven't stopped reading.  Since then, I've read  the unabridged version on audio cassette (HIGHLY recommended)at least three  times, and each book at least that many times.  I pick up one of the books  at least every day, flip it open to a random page and read for an hour.   I've never read a book, let alone a series of books, that left me craving  for more like this. <br />I said it already, but for those of you who haven't  listened to the unabridged version of Outlander....DO IT!  Davina Porter  (reader) is absolutely fantasitc.  She gives a voice to the characters of  my obsession.
B000001FDQ|5.0|This album is beyond great. There are only 2 songs with lyrics, the lyrics  aren't bad. And if you dont like them, o well. They aren't around for long  anyway. I forgot that there was lyrics on &quot;Now your ships are  burned&quot; and the second song &quot;far beyond the sun&quot; reminds me  (scares me) with its similarity to the sound track on Castlevania  (Nintendo)Then the lengthy songs are great to, they hold intrest and once  you start to get the hang of it, Yngwie throws something new into the mix.  His composition skills are incredible, with his guitar playing, it actually  creates an atmosphere.
0399143793|5.0|I just finished reading this book. This book kept me entertained from  beginning to end. The twists and turns of the plot kept me guessing  throughout the entire book. Jack Reacher is the type of character that is  truly believable, because he is so human. I can't wait for the next novel.  I hope Mr. Child is busy(at this moment) writing his next Jack Reacher  thriller.
0375701427|5.0|Every parent on their own mini level confronts that moment when they see  their child's behavior and question, hey I am a good person, why is this  kid not the glowing image of who I think I am, a me always on my best  behavior.  Merry is that worst nightmare come true, a child that harbors  the &quot;alien&quot; monster we all fear our childrearing will create.   She is a child of the time , the sixties, and a child of the pefect  incubator, mis wired.  American Pastoral was disturbing, but powerful.   Read it.
6304675399|5.0|Halloween, Psycho, The Exorsict, A Nightmare on Elm Street, The Shinning,  Night of the Living Dead, and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.  Scream lives up  to all of these classics.  Neve Campbell (the best looking woman in the  world) in the role that made her a star on the big screen.  It's full of  suspence and a whole lot of hummor.  Get this soon to be classic right  away.  After that, make sure you check out it's sequel that is just a good  as the original.<br />K. Hartdegen   Lake Jackson,TX     END
B000003N89|5.0|This is just one great CD. Krall's voice is one of the best I've heard,  absolutely stunning. I've listened to this CD over and over and I'm not  even beginning to be sick of it!
0380789019|5.0|I've never read a fantasy novel before but since I was about to attend a  convention with Neil, I read this.  It's terrific.  I spent most of my time  waiting for Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar to return but was always interested  in what the other characters were up to.  I'm a fan of satires and comic  thrillers but I truly liked this book.  Trust me, I know what I'm talking  about.  I taught Neil everything he knows and I can prove it --- he said as  much when he autographed a copy of Stardust to me.<br />Bill Fitzhugh
0399143904|4.0|The new book by Tom Clancy certainly views the world issues in an intense,   excelently documented view of life-changing scenarios. Buy the book.
B000002UAX|5.0|It's already been said that the White Album is made of songs from four  different people, not from a band. Any one can realize that the variety  that the album shows is exactly what the Beatles were about at that   moment: 4 individuals trying to be and sound like themselves, but bearing  in mind the excellence of their work. The result? Another masterpiece, of  course. This album is one of my favorites, and there are some memorable  songs in it, such as Helter Skelter, While my guitar gently weeps,  Blackbird, Ob-la-di Ob-la-da, and great less &quot;famous&quot; tunes, such  as Glass Onion, Piggies, Cry baby cry and others. But I wouldnt reccomend  it to any one stepping into Beatles territory for the first time - it may  be a bit of a shock.
B000000WJK|5.0|This is The Verves first CD And probaly there best. For fans of there  newer stuff this is mostly instrumental.
6300268470|5.0|Rio Bravo is the epitome of the buddy Western. Film critic Robin Wood once  called it the film that justifies the existence of Hollywood. The close  feeling among the characters is every bit as deep as that portrayed in the  1993 Tombstone without the blatancy. The performances are on target and  believable and, in spite of the film's length, it's tightness keeps the  viewer enmeshed.   Though Rio Bravo is unquestionably a &quot;John Wayne  movie,&quot; Howard Hawks himself said that the story belonged to Dude  (Dean Martin) and, in his first serious Western role, the singer justified  the risk taken by Hawks with a brilliant performance that was completely  true. He did not take a false step.  The film is also the last pairing of  friends John Wayne and Ward Bond, and holds a sparkling performance by  Angie Dickinson. Walter Brennan re-creates the crusty old codger role that  he made his own and Ricky Nelson is a believable, if low-key, young gunman.   If the villainous roles are not well-drawn, the actors make the most of  what is there.  Memorable performances, memorable lines and a classic theme  make this film a must-watch.     END
0671867369|5.0|The 506 regiment is the group to which &quot;Private Ryan&quot; in the  movie &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; was attached.  This book is  spell-binding, exciting  account of the 101st Airbourne's heroics in WWII.   You'll learn the story of the real Private Ryan.  If you liked the movie -  you'll find this real life account even more fascinating
0553565915|5.0|This book allowed me to go through a spiritual awakening.  I was  enthralled with Betty's personal and yet globally tangible story about love  and life.  In her death she found a renewed sense of being. In her rebirth  I was able to find my inner light.  A must read for those who are ready to  love!!!
044022165X|5.0|I love all John Grishams and this one was one of my favorites. It shows  how some people don't care about anything but money.  It's also a really  great movie!
B000002IAS|5.0|If you like Eric Clapton, if you like Dave Mason (also playing), Delaney  &amp; Bonnie, or just energetic southern rock, you will love this album.   It is one that you can listen to over and over and still love years and  years later.
0807029181|5.0|Just reading the reviews of this book  makes it required reading in my   understanding of our world to day!
0393038912|2.0|Advance and retreat of civilization is an important topic which, if  understood, will aid our own happiness and survival.  There  should be a  chapter on alternative theories.  I have at least one other  theory, not  mentioned in any of the reviews,  which I can &quot;prove&quot; or  substantiate to be true, and I am writing such a book.
0792151712|3.0|Normally I would be willing to declare any movie  with Kate Winslet the  greatest movie of all time, simply by virtue of her stunning acting  ability. However, even with Kate aboard, &quot;Titanic&quot; still doesn't  deserve, I'm afraid, all its critical and public praise.   Its positive  points: the movie is beautifully filmed, and the special effects are on a  scale of realism and scope I've never seen before. The music is pleasing,  in that epic-sweeping sort of way, and Kate Winslet does her usual  marvelous job of acting.   However, the film has some glaring flaws as  well. Now, &quot;Titanic&quot; is an epic, and the idea with these types of  movies is to sit back and become absorbed in the sweep of things, not  thinking too much about the finer points. Nonetheless, there are problems.     At the risk of disappointing legions of preteen and teenage girls  everywhere, I must report that Leonardo Dicaprio is NOT the greatest actor  in the world, and this movie proves it. Billy Zane's role as Rose's evil  fiance is far, far too one-dimensional: all he needed was a diabolical  laugh and a mustache to twirl. James Cameron's ideas about 1912 society are  also laughably black and white (rich people always bad, poor people always  happy and good), and I don't think even he could plausibly explain to me  how, after establishing that the Atlantic Ocean is at near-freezing  temperatures, Rose and Jack can splash around in that water inside the ship  for nearly 20 minutes of screen time without suffering  ill effects.   Only  a short list of flaws, but they ARE there, and ought to be borne in mind  when considering &quot;Titanic&quot;s plce in cinematic history.     END
1563523302|5.0|This book was great!  Even though it is from another country (America) and  I am in Australia, the advice given was incredibly useful and I'm already  putting it into practice and reaping the rewards!  Believe it or not,  buying this book will help you towards an earlier and richer retirement!
0385491026|4.0|This amazingly close to home account of a young girls struggle to try and  fit in with her &quot;friends&quot; as they torment her is chilling. This  novel is riviting I could not bring myself to put it down. Margret Atwood  delivered with her amazing account of Elaine's persona and along with the  encouragable Grace and Carols persona, were spectacular, and in your face.  Atwood's attempt to put a little humanity in Cordelia's persona was not  greatly accepted by myself. I will always veiw Cordelia as a coniving,  vendictive,pretentious little girl who takes pleasure in seeing others  squirm in her presence.
B000002NJS|4.0|I have never liked Madonna or her music, I'm not into pop, but I read an  article about the album in KEYBOARD magazine, and got my curiosity pricked.  Some of these somes are very entertaining, others I'm not into. The first  five songs plus &quot;Frozen&quot; are the best by far. I like her vocals,  but not the Lyrics. The album is worth buying even just for the songs  mentioned.
0399143904|3.0|I'm about 250 pages into the book and so far it's not to bad.  It is not  his best but not nearly as bad as some others have portrayed it.  If you  are a Clancy fan, but, not a fanatic then you will enjoy this story.
B000002UCQ|5.0|George is filled with nothing but love and agonizing beauty, which shines  throughout the entire album.  A must for any George fan.  Although I don't  believe it is his best work, this album is filled with truth and gorgeous  thoughts.
1556154844|5.0|If somebody had handed me this book before I took Intro. to Computer  Science, I would be on the dean's list right now.  Simply put, it is an  instruction book on how to properly write code that are sturdy, readable,  maintainable, and of generally high quality.  It shows how to come close to  achieving that Holy Grail of software design: Self-Documenting Code. <br />One  thing that should be noted is that this is not a book on software  engineering, and it just cruises over the topics of Analysis,  Specifacation, etc.  Instead, this is a book on how to take a requirement  for a certain routine and turn it into clean, maintainable code. <br />The  author wisely points out the folly of spending less time on design and more  on code optimization.  He does not go over &quot;neat tricks&quot; on how  to eek one or two instructions out of a loop that is only run once, or  other such silliness.  If you need to see &quot;slick&quot; code, buy a  copy of &quot;The C Programming Language&quot; by Kernighan and Ritchie.   (Another book all programmers should read.) <br />In conclusion, if all  Computer Science students (or anyone who writes code for a living) read and  used the ideas in this book, software today would be a heck of a lot  better.
B000002MP2|4.0|Now, what we have here is an album that blows  &quot;Nimrod&quot; away  like a hurricane to a house of straw. &quot;Nimrod&quot; was an okay album,  but &quot;Dookie&quot; is just so much better. The lyrics aren't 100  percent profane like &quot;Nimrod&quot;, so I think Billie Joe did better  on this album. Their catchy tunes like &quot;When I Come Around&quot;,  &quot;Pulling Teeth&quot;, &quot;Chump,&quot; and &quot;Burnout&quot;,  definintley have potetnial to keep this album a number one on my list next  to &quot;Disciplined Breakdown.&quot; This is an awesome cd, no doubt about  it. And a word of advice: Don't buy this if your looking for something  relaxing and something you don't have to move your body to. Otherwise, get  it right away.
B000002NBY|5.0|From the title track: &quot;She comes back to tell me she's gone /  As if  I didn't know that /  As if I didn't know my own bed /  As if I never  noticed the way she brushed her hair from her forehead.&quot;  Nobody  writes pop lyrics like Paul Simon.  No one ever has before.  The album does  not contain one single false or misplaced note.  It could not be better.   It cannot be bettered.  From &quot;Gumboots:&quot;  I was walking down the  street  When I thought I heard a voice say /  Say, ain't we walking down  the same street together  On the very same day / I said hey Senorita that's  astute /  I said why don't we get together and call ourselves an institute  / You don't feel you could love me but I feel you could...&quot;  You  listen.  You shake your head.  You smile.  You think:  &quot;it must be  nice to be able to write.&quot;
B000003NA4|5.0|Does anyone not dig Diana?  Does anyone know whether she is related to the great scat singer Roy Kral, of Jackie(Cain) &amp; Roy? Jackie &amp; Roy had a flash of innovative brilliance in the mid 50's with tunes like &quot;Euphoria&quot;, and persisted into the 70's, but nobody listened.  They were avant garde to begin with, and remain so. Diana is not so retro as you may first think, either.
0800130936|4.0|Two of my favorite television shows were &quot;Fresh Prince of Bel  Air&quot; and &quot;Martin&quot; so when &quot;Bad Boys&quot; came out I  had to go see it.  Although my opinion may be biased because I enjoy the  comedy of both of the main characters, I can confidently say that Bad Boys  is one of the better action/comedy flicks with considerable replay value.  But as with most urban movies, if you do not understand or like Will Smith  or Martin Lawrence's styles of humor, you are not going to like Bad Boys.  END
0385040253|5.0|Ashley's is the best book on knots of the dozens that I've read.  THE book  to which all others refer, Ashley's is also well-written, with humor and  insight, and filled with thousands of clear illustrations.
0670880728|4.0|Two weeks ago, an electrical surge wiped out 15 years of my diary.   Luckily, BJ had been there and already published it: consumed too many  alcohol and tobacco units, dated too many FW units, my life's a  disaster,etc.  The astonishing thing about this diary is all the women who  have posted reviews saying &quot;she read my diary&quot;.  I truly thought  I was alone out there.  I'm not!:)Thanks to all the other women who have  been brave enough to say &quot;this is me&quot;, while laughing out loud at  the inanity. Um, I'm not that bad, right??
0399143904|4.0|Clancy has written another page-turner with everybody but Jack Ryan in it.   We get to see the action that Clark and Chavez do so well--rescuing  innocent people and taking out the bad guys--alive when necesary.  Dr.  Bellows and the British staff are great addtions to the cast of characters.   My only beef--no Jack and Cathy Ryan.  Maybe next time?
0385484518|5.0|This is a wonderful book.  You can't help but fall in love with Morrie.   Not only is he a teacher and coach to Mitch Albom, but to the reader as  well.  Not since I read, &quot;Where the Red Fern Grows&quot; in sixth  grade has a book moved me to tears.  Morrie's last class is one every  student of life should take.
0399143904|3.0|Tom Clancy's recent novels have been much too wordy. Nearly all would have  been improved by being a few hundred pages shorter. Someone must have  gotten the message to Clancy (or he figured it out himself), because this  book is just a little over 700 pages -- brief by recent Clancy standards.  And the novel's pacing and general tone do benefit from this brevity.  That's the good news.<br />The bad news is that there's not much here that's  new. The central characters are people we know well from previous novels  (John Clark and Domingo Chavez), and we don't learn anything new about them  here. The sides of their personalities that we see are those we already  know well. Familiar and comfortable, yes; revealing or enlightening,  no.<br />The plot elements are mostly recycled, too. The main threat to Life  As We Know It is the Ebola virus that was used in Executive Orders. It's  been beefed up in a bio-lab to make it easier to spread, but it's not  really new. There is also a personal vengeance subplot involving Clark that  is similar to the one in Without Remorse, with a similar resolution --  Clark takes the law into his own hands in a mildly creative way. There's  more, but nearly all of it fits the pattern: Clancy is reworking materials  he's already used.<br />Another problem with this novel is that the character  development of the primary villains is unusually weak, which takes much of  the starch out of the good-vs.-evil struggle. These people -- based on the  little we learn of them -- are very shallow, even by the normal standards  of the Clancy actiontechnothriller genre. Their motivations have minimal  credibility, because we just don't know them well enough to find the  outlandish things they do very believable.<br />So, bottom line, this is a  pleasant and diverting read but does not engage and satisfy the way the  earlier novels do. It's vintage Clancy, but not very original within its  genre. All of Clancy's novels make for enjoyable reading, but ifyou have  to skip one, this is the one you'll miss the least.
0399143904|1.0|Now and then, a good writer writes a bad book. This is one such.   &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; is Clancy's second book about John Clark, an  unromantic CIA agent with a license to kill.  His first, &quot;Without  Remorse&quot;, built the character of Clark, and was perhaps Clancy's best  writing.  &quot;Without Remorse&quot; wasn't a techno-thriller, but more of  a classic character novel.  &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; is more a classic  Clancy gadget story, but unlike his Jack Ryan novels, this time he can't  pull the threads of unlikely events together into a believable whole. The  book revolves around a succession of terrorist plots executed for no  visible reason, and when the reason finally becomes clear, it doesn't make  sense, especially since the bad guys aren't portrayed as dumb.  <br />    I  wonder if Clancy even wrote this turkey.  It reads more like the  &quot;Op-Center&quot; books, on which he puts his name but doesn't write.
B000001ELF|4.0|Ace Frehley is, at best, an excruciatingly mediocre vocalist.  This CD however is powerful, energetic and contains some of Ace's greatest compositions ever. Paul Stanley's album outshines it, but Gene and Peter don't even come close. Some great guitar work.
B00000AFDW|5.0|Hi! My name Jonathan Stradling. I have listened to the song Pyscho Circus.  It's Not Classic Kiss But it works! This New albumn is a lot more mature and up-to-date. The Topic of their music has changed for going to the lobby to get towels to Getting whipped out from the human race! It does not really sound like them! But it attarchs a younger audience. The lyrics of KISS have changed to suit todays youth.
B000001EAQ|5.0|Though this album has quite often been considered a failure by industry  standards, I feel it is just another example of the ever growing talent of  these four men, and those they choose to produce them.  Pop starts off  purposely flagrant and throw away but by 'Gone' the band is deep in new  emotions, new colors, and new feelings. With every listen the album grows  in its greatness and the truly amazing subtleties of each song become more  apparent. Not an album to be taken lightly, 'Pop' is strong and mature.
0792151720|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I ever saw and I can't belive it won best  picture.  The dialogue was horrendous, the acting terrible, and the  direction very basic.  Even the sinking of the ship couldn't save this  movie.  If you think this movie is the best ever, you must not have seen  The Godfather, Schindler's List, or Fargo.     END
0887307396|5.0|We were looking around the universe for some good principles that surely  help us to build a great company, great in terms of being a place to work,  great in terms of achieving our high tech objectives but at the same time  do a good citizen labor.<br />The book is a great qualitative and quantitative  research, expressed in simple words complex things you should put together  in order to build a company that can trascend.<br />Congratulations to the  authors.
0399143904|1.0|As an amateur novelist, I look to seasoned writers as examples for my own  aspiring work.  However, it seems that many of the writers I have come to  admire, have fallen short of their former expertise.  ROBERT LUDLUM is one  example.  In this instance, it is Tom Clancy.  What in the world was he  thinking about when he wrote this book?  Another payday from the studios?   While the story itself could have been interesting, it was crippled by  shallow characters, villainous conspiracies that lacked believability, and  Tom Clancy's enduring curse, TOO MANY SUBPLOTS.  Why is Tom Clancy so  hell-bent on writing long drawn out stories?  I think he should go back to  some of his earlier works.  Tom Clancy needs to go home, and find his  origins.
B000002GF8|5.0|Quite simply, this is the yardstick by which all albums should be judged.  They are perhaps the only artists (with the exception of Simon &amp; Garfunkel) to save their best album for last. It is intense yet hypnotic, avant-garde yet mainstream, romantic yet sinister, and one of the most political albums of the rock era (i.e. Walking in Your Footsteps, Murder by Numbers).  The trilogy (of marriage &amp; divorce?) of Every Breath You Take, King of Pain, and Wrapped Around Your Finger is the most formidable threesome of songs to appear on any album and shows Sting's lyrical genius.  The title track Synchronicity speaks volumes of the album and the band. Lyrically and musically, Sting, Stewart Copeland, and Andy Summers achieve Synchronicity and create the nearly perfect album.  Only the macabre track Mother is a suspect song.  Perhaps this album is best described as Pandora's Box with Mother representing hope that somehow a better album can be made.
B000003S0Z|5.0|Another of Eno's fantastic earlier efforts.  This  album has tracks as  catchy and instantly addictive  as &quot;Backwater&quot; and &quot;King's  Lead Hat&quot; (which is an  anagram for Talking Heads, an excellent band),  and songs as ghostly, yearning, and beautiful as  &quot;Julie  With...&quot; and &quot;Spider and I.&quot;  This album shows  Eno still  using his creative abilities to put fresh  spins on conventional song  structures, but also  venturing into more ambient, atmospheric, mood  pieces. Sometimes upbeat and catchy, sometimes still and  haunting, but  always entertaining and worthwile.  Pick this disc up.
B0000025HU|5.0|The quintessential album from the quintessential punk band, this is a must  have for anyone's collection. I would gladly list this among the greatest  musical works of all time.
3895084581|4.0|I chose this book to be my first attempt at reading a chapter book to my  daughter. The short chapters (12 pages average) are great for our one  chapter a night bedtime reading. We often talk about the young hero, Jim,  and what he had done the night before. She follows the plot well but the  vocabulary promts many questions. The overall story is wonderfull and  continues to hold her attention.
B0025KVLTW|3.0|When I first listened to this record ... there wree some tracks at first that really struck out to me. The Title cut is a great rocker, Blue Jay Way is one of the best freaky cuts I have eer heard, and then there is the great bit of Lennon pcyshedelia (I am the Walrus). Strawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane, originally cut for the immortal Sgt Pepper make their appearnce here. Fool on the Hill is a great ballad, and reveals its strenghts with each listen. WHen I first bought the record, the ones that stood out were 1, 4, 5, 6, and 8. Then 2 got better and better ... and gradually the record reveals its strenght. Its not (of course) on the same level as Sgt Pepper (but what is I ask you?), its non the less a fine record. If it was any other group, this would easily be their best record ... but considering its The Beatles, the record is good ... not great. The only track I can't stand is that insipid Hello Goodbye song. Flying is even better than this. And the cover is stupid as all get out. I have not seen the movie. The record is a good one though. It would have been a 5 ... but considering the artist, I'll give it a three.
0792151720|5.0|Myself and my wife saw TITANIC on the big screen and both left feeling as  though we were actually transported back to 1912 and the disaster  itself.The underwater photography is superb and never before did I vere  expect to see the real wreck on screen like that! When the flashbacks came,  the period costume, sets of the ship's interior and the computer-generated  effects could not be faulted. Kate Winslett(and in a wet white dress) gave  the best performance, Leo diCaprio is OK, but Kate's my preference! The  special effects during the sinking sequence are out of this world. James  Cameron has directed many of my favourite movies, i.e. T2(special edition),  The Abyss(special edition) and Aliens(also the director's cut), but this  one ranks as his best by far as it takes him away from the much-plundered  sci-fi genre and into something totally different.  With the possible  exception of DEEP IMPACT, this is the best film of 1998, if not of all  time.     END
B000002UAU|5.0|[I originally wrote a seperate review, called \\"A magical world that has never better\\", posted August 23, 1998, on Amazon.com. Because it is marked as a private review it is not listed under my profile. As this is the original review, of which the second one from 2000 is modelled after (hence the 2.0 in the review title), I thought I would include it here.<br /><br />Mike London, October 18, 2007]<br />-----<br />Review I.<br />\\"A magical world that has never been bettered\\" August 23, 1998<br /><br />This whole album is a masterpiece. Nothing has been done before or since that can equal this one. Of course its been said a zillion times, but its really true. I bought it in Christmas last year (1997), and as I listened to it, it got better and better. For me, The Beatles (at first) took some time getting used too. Then they got stronger and stronger. On this record, they do almost the impossible. They create an entire magical fantasy. Its delishisouly (spelling?) sweet. The First Concept Album was indeed the finest. Everything works well with the concept. The album sleeve works better with the music than any I have seen. They help endear us to this wonderful world The Beatles are taking us too. At first I thought it was a bunch of hype, and the reason I bought it was because I was rapidly sinking (regressing, some of the younger people I know say) into the older music. I wanted Sgt Pepper cause everyone talked about it and had never heard it. This record will never be equalled, I fear. I wish it would, because I would love to do some more exploring. They took us on a Magical Mystery Tour on this one. Ironic, they did exactly that on this record, and though it was a concept album I don't think it was their intention, and then they made a concept movie with this in mind, and they didn't do that well (for The Beatles). If you want a record like no other, go out and buy this right now.<br /><br />Another great record that came out the same year is The Doors (debut). If itweren't for this, that would easily be the best for that year. But Sgt Pepper has surpassed all others. The Beatles never were able to do it again. They did get it in isolated moments, but never for the whole record like on this. No one else has ever come close. This deserves all the acclaim it gets.<br /><br />-----<br />Review II<br />\\"A Magical World Never Bettered: V 2.0\\" January 14, 2000<br /><br />This whole album is a masterpiece. Nothing has been done before or since that can equal this one. Of course its been said a zillion times, but its really true. I bought it in Christmas back a few years ago (1997), and as I listened to it, it got better and better. For me, The Beatles (at first) took some time getting used too. Then they got stronger and stronger. On this record, they do almost the impossible. They create an entire magical fantasy. Its delishisouly (spelling?) sweet. The First Concept Album was indeed the finest. Everything works well with the concept. The album sleeve works better with the music than any I have seen. They help endear us to this wonderful world The Beatles are taking us too. At first I thought it was a bunch of hype, and the reason I bought it was because I was rapidly sinking (regressing, some of the younger people I know say) into the older music. I wanted Sgt Pepper cause everyone talked about it and had never heard it. This record will never be equalled, I fear. I wish it would, because I would love to do some more exploring. They took us on a Magical Mystery Tour on this one. Ironic, they did exactly that on this record, and though it was a concept album I don't think it was their intention, and then they made a concept movie with this in mind, and they didn't do that well (for The Beatles). If you want a record like no other, go out and buy this right now. Another great record that came out the same year is The Doors (debut). If it weren't for this, that would easily be the best for that year. But Sgt Pepper has surpassed all others. The Beatles never were able to do it again. They did get it in isolated moments, but never for the whole record like on this. No one else has ever come close. This deserves all the acclaim it gets.<br /><br />As far as personal favorites go, however, I still enjoy the White Album the most. Rubber Soul and Revolver are good also (Rubber Soul is better than Revolver, tho' Revolver is more of a break thru). YOu could see the dircetion they were going with a few of the songs off Help! Some of that material is on level with Rubber Soul. Abbey Road, which I didn't care much for now, I really enjoy now. Sgt Pepper, however, is the cultural milestone to end all cultural milestones.
048629823X|5.0|My first exposure to Marcus Aurelius was &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;  (when Hanibal Lector quotes Aurelius to Clarice). I was intrigued. After  reading Meditations, I was even more intrigued, and started buying copies  for my friends. I have read Nietzche, Plato, Sartre. But this book tells it  like it IS. Aurelius did not shy away from discussing topics we find too  embarrassing today: from death to sex, perversity to honesty. This small  volume is PACKED with life-giving, refreshing wisdom. And the price??? An  unbelievable value.
0792151712|5.0|I am what you would call an &quot;amateur&quot; historian. Before I saw  the movie, I was reluctant because I did not know how James Cameron was  going to  perceive the epic disaster. There have been other  &quot;Titanic&quot; movies made, but after I saw the movie for the first  time, I continued to go back for eleven more times. The movie is just  beyond belief not just the love story, but with the entire storyline. The  movie was incredible, I have never seen a movie of this caliber in my life  made as well as what James Cameron did. It just stole my breath away.     END
0486282147|5.0|I picked up the book after I became totally possessed of his spirit on a  trip to London. A mystery as it is, it is truely a artistic literature,  letting one to feel as if he/she is out on a moor in Victorian England,  trying to solve the mystery with the greatest fictional character of all  time. I absolutely loved it, and read it over again. Since that time I read  everything Sir Conan Doyle has written!
1572522089|5.0|The best Kurosawa picture and one of the greatest ever made - with great  Music of Toru Takemitsu - wonderful!     END
0440214041|3.0|For Grisham fans, this should be a good read.   Plot twists(of course) and  a sexy female lead character make it a good addition to the bookshelf.  For  me, however, it went by like a  piece of juicy fruit gum-it tasted good but  there was not much to remember after I spit it out. It's clear Grisham  harkened back to his college days as the book has a lot of law school type   memories.  I'd like to see grisham write about a topic other than law and  clancy something other than the military.  but, buy pelican brief, at this  price how can you resist?
B000002GBJ|5.0|I purchased this way back in the late 60's as an lp record.  I imediately  fell in love with each of the &quot;songs&quot; on the record.  While I was  of the &quot;flower child&quot; generation, I would have been considered an  untra-conservative...but not when it came to this album.  I couldn't get  over what Wakeman could do with a synthesizer.  If you only purchase one  album, I mean CD, in your life as an example of synthesizer music...let it  be this one. I don't think you will be disappointed. I have just ordered  this CD to replace my scratchy, worn out lp!
B000002R48|5.0|In the midst of dark times where musical creativity has been sucked into a void of aimless meandering and retro-rehash, emerges a band with true integrity and talent. This album is more than a creative masterpiece it is a mind-blowing joyride bordering on psychosis.
068484267X|5.0|I had not read a book in a long time when I picked this up in a store and  read the first page. I  felt my heart leap. The book communicated it's  earnest feel for life so well. I enjoyed the humour and child's eye view of  the world. The upbeat tenor of the book despite horrendous setbacks in  young McCourts life has to be experienced to be understood. This book is an  affirmation of life. It could so easily be hideous with guilt and twisted  bitterness. Historically these are times not to be forgotten especially  when the powers of the time stood idly by. This is what books are written  for.
B0000025P9|5.0|Can you give an album six stars?<br />Rarely does a group of heretofore  studio muscians come together and produce an album in a matter of days that  achieves the vocal and instrumental precision that TOTO IV exhibits.  From  the rhythmic strains of &quot;Africa&quot; to the rock balladering of  &quot;I won't hold you back now.&quot;  Even the album's tune closest to  disappointment, &quot;Rosanna&quot;, doesn't miss the mark by much.  The  percussion is exquisite, the guitar work supreme, while the keyboarding and  bass work are tight.<br />These guys know what they're doing.  I've literally  worn out two cassettes and am working on doing the same to a disc.
0399143904|1.0|Interesting anti-terroist commando missions, and lots of them -- these  parts will be read with pleasure, compulsively.<br />But the book is fatally  flawed -- bland villians, and a pathetically ludicrous MacGuffin....
B000000OE7|5.0|There are no words that describe the emotion and feeling this album  posesses. It is incredibly crafted. Freddie's voice is so powerful it makes  me cry to think it was recorded and the end of his life. Musical perfection  rarely happens. This is one of those cases. Listen to A Winter's Tale. The  final verse sends chills up my spine. This album was created with love and  is one of the last perfect albums made. Freddie Mercury in all his glory,  his power, and his wisdom, bares all his feelings on this record. Not to  mention Roger, John, and Brian as well. But it is clear this was for  Freddie. A final send off to the greatest vocalist and musician that ever  lived. God Bless you Queen, I will love you forever. No words can describe  what your music has done for me, and if this album is the end, then the  world couldn't have asked for a better one.
0399143904|1.0|Clancy really missed the boat on this one, the plot was foolish, the  characters were stereotyped comic book characters, he might as well have  been writing a bat man book!  I was a HUGE Clancy fan, but this was a book  I had to struggle with after 200 hundred pages.  It is not the size that is  a problem, but the politics and missing story plot.  This book offended me  pretty harshly, so much so I might not pick up his next offering until I  heard a lot of good reviews.  I have never agreed with Clancy politically,  but now, I think that Clancy is actually MORE conservative then Rush  Limbaugh!
0679720200|3.0|This bizarre little novel was recently named one of the 100 best of the  century. If there were (a la Ayn Rand) some philosophical speeches, perhaps  this could be redeemed, but it is very difficult to find sympathy with a  murderer, even one condemned for the wrong reasons.
0399143904|1.0|This book really disappointed me.  I've read all of Clancy's stuff except  for his last couple and the Op-center series.  Since it has been so long  since his last one I was hoping this would be gripping.  It's not.  The  plot could easily have unfolded in 290 pages rather than 740.
0767802519|5.0|After watching &quot;The Professional&quot; for the first time, I was  DRAWN to rewatch it again and again. It was compelling. It was perfectly  cast. It is one of those films that I can watch over and over. I wish I  could change the ending but that's part of why it is so good!     END
0345350499|4.0|Eventhough the research behind the story is not close to actual story, I  found the story very enjoyable to read for a fantasy book.  The characters  are very real and detailed. If you like a good fantasy this is the book for  you. For all you historians who found the book lack truth, go read a text  book.
156740118X|5.0|I have read all of Michael Connelly's published work and The Last Coyote  is one of my favorites.  Harry Bosch is a realistic, believable character.   Connelly's characterization's get better with each book.  (Bloodwork is  also great!)  I wish that more authors would have this sense of drama and  realism in their characters.
0440180295|5.0|I read this book when it first came out, and believed it to be a wonderful  commentary on war and human nature.  I just reread it for a book club and  found it much better the second time around.  It is simple in its  narrative, yet complex in its commentary.  And so it goes.
0790733226|5.0|Sci-fi movies that actually provide you with issues for conversion after  the credits roll are few-and-far-between: Forbidden Planet; The Day the  Earth Stood Still; Colossus: The Forbin Project; 2001; just to name a few.   In this rarefied atmosphere belongs CONTACT.  The story by &quot;who wouda  thunk it&quot; Carl Sagon is very good.  Jodie Foster completely redeems  herself with regards to &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  The supporting  cast is excellent. Finally, a modern couple who actually discuss deep  topics on the wide-screen instead of just having sex!?!<br />Query?  Why do  scientist always have to be &quot;driven&quot; in every sci-fi movie since  1980.  Can't they simply do what they do out of love for doing it - it must  be a Hollywood script requirement maybe.<br />The condescending explanation of  what a prime number is could really have been left out.  Even Homer  Simpson, on valium with a Guiness Stout chaser, knows what a prime  is.<br />Overall, this is one of the best science fiction movies to come  along, not perfect, but one of the best!!<br />The DVD version is  magnificent!!!     END
0385491026|5.0|With Cat's Eye, Margaret Atwood handles deftly two complex situations--the  relationships women have with each other, and the cyclical nature of abuse.   Often in literature it seems as though women are only affected by their  relationships with the men in their lives: fathers, brothers, lovers.   Atwood vividly shows that a young girl can be profoundly affected by the  friendships she forms with other girls.  Elaine is changed and wounded  deeply by her relationship with Cordelia; and also haunted by it.  But  Atwood offers no easy answers; Cordelia has also been wounded.  As is  the  case with a lot of Atwood's work, this book is thick with descriptions of  the smells and  colors of food and furniture.  This only pulls the reader  more deeply into Elaine's world.  Like a later book of Atwood's, The Robber  Bride, (another book about the relationships among women), Cat's Eye is at  times bleak, but never hopeless.  Atwood looks at the reader straight  in  the eye, and doesn't flinch.
0790731894|5.0|This movie starts out just like so many of the &quot;save-the-world&quot;,  are a part there-of, &quot;from total destruction&quot; movies of this  type.  However, it immediately begins to vary from the norm.  First, Steven  Segal is killed not long after the movie begins.  This, of course, throws  the entire viewing audience for a loop; we were not expecting it.  All the  militaries well made plans for solving the problem go astray.  My thoughts  on the movie are that it is excellent.  The acting is above-the-average all  around. One of the best in this abused category.  The enhanced properties  of DVD only add to my enjoyment !!  END
B0000057C5|1.0|This group has no experience. I say this because they have no real rhythm,  and Till Linderman the lead singer, does not sing he talks. I used to like  Rammstein but now I hate them, I hate there Du Hast song, and I hate Till's  Vocal style of not singing, he talks.
B000002HPV|5.0|I've been a Bjrk fan since '96 and I've grown to love her more every  year.  When I heard that Homogenic was going to be released in September  '97 I was very anxious.  When I listened to it all the way through, I was  smiling and completely on cloud 9.  This is her best album.  All of the  songs represent a strong point in Bjork's career.  Some people say that  it's different and some non-Bjrk fans thinks it's just plain weird.  For  me, I find Homogenic to be rewarding as an experimental album as well as a  very somber excursion into one's imagination.<br />'Bachelorette' is by far  the most dramatic and exciting song on the album.  It's bold string  arrangements, with soaring melodies, give a movie soundtrack-like quality  not to be found in many other works.  'Joga', written for her friend, is a  very intense and personal song.  Every time the opening strings begin I get  a chill down my spine.  It is beautiful music as well as beautiful lyric  writing.  'Pluto' is the most 'techno' sounding song.  Her vocals,  distorted and overdriven, are a perfect blend with the uptempo 'dirty'  beat.  For those of you unfamiliar with those 'scratchy' and 'dirty'  sounding beats, the person responsible for those is Mark Bell of the  British techno group LFO.  Their signature sound is a real scratchy sound.   The song '5 Years' is pretty evident of that scratchiness.  <br />Overall, I  love Homogenic.  I've given it coutless spins in my CD player.  I think  that whatever Bjrk does next (she says her next album is going to be even  more minimal than Homogenic) I hope she keeps up her lyric writing as well  as her creativity.  Homogenic, by blending classical and 'techno' together  comes off as a really daring, but enjoyable aural experience.
0792151712|4.0|The movie had incredible visual effects and really pulled the audience  into the tragic events building up to the sinking of the Titanic.  It could  have been the one of the best epic films in history if not for the  hollywood morals exhibited by the main characters.  I felt they were  terrible role models for younger people -- displaying the sort of  flash-in-the-pan lust that typifies most movies today.  The real emotional  impact came from the love shown by the man on the deck of the ship saying  good-bye for the last time to his wife and children as they boarded the  lifeboat; the older couple holding each other in their arms while the ship  was sinking; and the mother reading one last bedtime story to her young  children as she tried to ignore the inevitable.  All of these visuals made  a deep and lasting impression on me of the true love that people share for  one another.  This was a good, but not a great movie.     END
0792151720|5.0|O.k., there has been quite alot of hubbub about Titanic.  We all know  that.  With it's massive budget, huge scale sets, and costume and prop  budget that could supply all of Chicago for a year, I found it to be the  most detailed and beautifully filmed movie I have ever seen.  Barring the  fact that the story is fiction (hey, who knows?......), the drama and  intensity are mirrored by the technical and digital effects that are just  as beautiful.  How 'bout the shots with the ship in the open ocean? - all  computer generated.  New software had to be written just to accomodate that  effect.  Or how 'bout the shot where the actual ship, 12,500 feet down,  blends smoothly with the recreated set?  James Cameron and his Digital  Domain team have outdone themselves; even surpassing the fabulous effects  in &quot;True Lies&quot;.  People like Titanic specialist Ken Marschal was  on hand during filming to be sure that accuracy was in top form.  After  seeing the movie twice, those details, in my opinion, are perfect.   <br />There are those who say the movie is 'cheesy' or even 'plastic'.  That's  always a matter of opinion.  Remember that James Cameron wrote the  screenplay himself and took out about 2 hours worth of extra footage in the  final print.  The movie is set to be re-released in December at its full 5  and a half hour running time.  That's where the $200 million budget comes  from.  <br />Anyway, I think the experience of seeing this movie will be even  greater by viewing it in the widescreen format.  Shot in 70mm format, the  only way to view Titanic IS in widescreen.  Pan and Scan (or Standard  Format) will only diminish what James Cameron invisioned when he began  plans in 1996 for a movie about the sinking of the Titanic.  I loved it in  the theatre and I will surely love it on video.  A definite 5 star movie.     END
B0000025RQ|5.0|Get your Webster's Dictionary out, look up the term &quot;heavy  metal&quot;, and the definition will simply read &quot;Judas Priest&quot;.  &quot;Screaming for Vengeance&quot; is a benchmark heavy metal album which  set the standard for many others which later followed. If you want to hear  some real heavy metal, unlike this junk from the 90's, check this one  out!!! You just might learn something!!!!!!
B000001ELP|3.0|Losing its American fan base and original drummer, Kiss tried something  different -- a concept album that bombed. It might have been ahead of its  time as some say, others will say it was another gimmick by the band to  create a &quot;larger than life&quot; persona. The album has its moments,  with &quot;The Oath,&quot; &quot;I&quot; and &quot;Escape From The  Island.&quot; It's a must-have for all Kiss fans, but the average listener  will have little or no use for it. It also features the worst cover on a  Kiss album. The hidden track (No. 12) is classic.
B000002L7V|5.0|Ahh, the beauty of youth, with all of her waywardness...Dio captures that  in this album. This kind of Rock n' Roll is truly a lost genre, and Dio  does it better than anyone. This is what happens when you cross romanticism  with loud guitars, scorching vocals, and killer drums!! Wanna rock? Listen  to &quot;Sacred Heart&quot;!!!!
0440217563|5.0|I think this book and the rest of the series were fantastic!  They were  easily the best books I've ever read - and I'm an avid reader.  I laughed  out loud while reading (something I very seldom ever do).  I cried during  some of the passages.  These books were so real, I felt as though the  characters were my very best friends after the first book.  The author's  descriptions were so vivid, you could almost see what she was talking  about.  She didn't repeat events over and over when she was talking about  something else - she trusted you to know what she was referring to.  One  event didn't last for several pages; she described something fully and  moved onto something else.  There was something different happening all the  time; this book and the series were anything but boring.<br />The book was  over way too fast and the series could have had many more books in it.  It  was just over way too soon!  I hope the next book is ready soon.  I would  recommend this series to anyone who likes to read - no matter what  category.
B000002LCE|5.0|&quot;Dream Evil&quot; is truly an album which exemplifies heavy metal at  its very best. Dio finds the perfect balance between raw aggression and  philosophical insight. This is a rare gem which has been long forgotten and  over looked in the world of Rock n' Roll. If you want to hear some music  which will inspire you, get this album!
B0000028TN|5.0|Whenever I want to feel GOOD, I play this album.  No matter how depressed  I'm feeling, withing 10 minutes I'm singing and dancing!  Although recorded  in the seventies, this album should be a listening classic of Brazilian  music for the next century.  Smooth, happy sounds with that inimitable  George Duke touch of originality and quality.
B000002MG1|5.0|It is an album very simple, unpretentious, and more beautiful because of  this. Songs like &quot;Nightswimming&quot;, &quot;Find the River&quot; and  &quot;Try Not to Breathe&quot; stand among the prettiest made by R.E.M.,  and all the songs are worth listening, forming an well balanced body. All  the arrangements tend to strings and the lyrics are very beautiful,  exceptuating &quot;Ignoreland&quot;, a bit angry and agressive for this  disc. It is one of my favorites for all groups and all times.
067942850X|4.0|At first blush, I couldn't describe why I was attracted to this story.   But author Krakauer's staccato rhythym is hard to resist.  The story draws  you in from the first few pages.  Faint curiosity turns to torrid interest  before you even consider setting this book aside.<br />Although he never  subjects the reader to pure speculation, Krakauer carefully researched and  reconstructed Chris McCandless's wanderings from Atlanta, across the West,  to Mexico, and finally, Alaska, in great detail.  Conversations with some  of the people Chris knew during his sojurn add a crucial layer of interest  and emotion to the story.<br />Through interviews with friends and family,  Krakauer composed a pyschological profile of this young man.  Even as a  young boy, he marched to a different beat.  But the author lets us all know  - that as different from Chris as we may be, as much as we may like  creature comforts, the reassurance of our family, friends, and a familiar  landscape, there is a little bit of the adventurer, of Chris McCandless, in  all of us.  For myself, the attraction to the story was both difficult to  reconcile and its most compelling puzzle.  I'm about as different from  Chris McCandless as one can be.  <br />And that connection is Krakauer's  genius.  Anyone could tell a story, but few can make us feel as vulnerable,  indeed as lonely and scared, as a young man alone in the wilderness.
0679745203|5.0|I saw the excellent film before I read the novel. If I didn't already  believe that the novel is a medium superior to film, this book would have  convinced me. The prose is rich and hypnotic, the characters real and  original, the images haunting, and everything dovetails like one of those  rare dreams that rise from sleep like the seabirth of a volcanic island. I  have read a great deal, and this is as good as anything on the  &quot;classics&quot; lists.
B000002H70|5.0|At the risk of being redundant, Disintegration is more an elegy of sound  than it is a conventional album.  With the innumerable layers of sound,  weaving of lyrics and chord structures, The Cure creates an environment  where the listener has no option, or desire, but to be immersed in raw  emotion.  I once had the &quot;audacity&quot; to compare the works of the  Cure to with the quality of other well known, but dead, composers.  My  choral director told me I had no place to compare &quot;that Smith  guy&quot; to Barber or Beethoven.  Maybe not, but I still think I was  right.    NOTE: Contrary to what has been written by other reviewers, you  CAN successfully listen to &quot;Mixed Up&quot; before listening to  &quot;Disintegration.&quot;  That's how I got my introduction to the Cure  some ten years ago, and I'm all the better for it (though Mixed Up really  is mediocre in comparison).
B000006NUW|5.0|This is indeed the best collection of Motown records there is by the  artists who originally created them. This is the set to put on if you want  to party or to make a mundane job go much faster.
B000006OBQ|5.0|When my friend said he liked Frank Sinatra, I thought he had lost his  mind. Then he played this CD. Sinatra is croning and Basie is swinging in  the background. Amazing! I went out and bought a copy the next day.  Tremendous album. I'll never loan it out.
B000003S2O|5.0|I've had On Land for almost 15 years (album and disc). I listen to it  virtually every day at work. It is peaceful, but it has just the right edge  to make it kinda eeeerie. Some tunes make me feel like I'm on an African  plain, others like I'm behind Safeway at 4am when stuff's getting unloaded.  This is a brilliant, sophisticated album.
B000002UB6|5.0|I gave this album five stars because despite it not being their best  effort, let's face it-this would be the best effort of many a band.   &quot;Two of Us,&quot; &quot;Dig a Pony,&quot; and &quot;I Me Mine&quot;  are really good songs; &quot;Across the Universe,&quot; &quot;Let It  Be,&quot; &quot;The Long and Winding Road,&quot; and &quot;Get Back&quot;  are great songs.  The rest isn't is as good, but still makes for  interesting listening.  And after a few listenings, the whole album starts  to grow on you.
0553108034|4.0|I saw Martin speak at the Worldcon in early August. He said that the pub  date for the Harper CollinsUK edition was November of this year, and in  January 99 from Bantam US. So I have to wonder if this pub date is correct,  or did Bantam move it back? Either way, this second novel is well worth the  wait! There is also a new novella, called The Hedge Knight&quot;, set 100  years before AGoT, that is being published in the new anthology  &quot;Legends&quot; from Tor. I've heard some of ACoK read by Martin, and  it's full of beautiful writing and compelling characters, and a story that  turns and twists and excites the imagination.
0696204800|5.0|The minute I saw this book, I had to have it.  The directions were very  clear.  The book did not repeat basic topics that seem to take up just 1/3  of just about every quilt book I ever read, yet it would be appropriate for  beginners or advanced quilters.  It provided more patterns than I have ever  seen in one quilt book.  Both traditional and brand new ideas were  presented.  My  favorite quilt block was the one with the rotary cutter.
6303855466|4.0|This rather new Hugh Grant's movie is excellent. The background is WWI but  there is almost no war scene. (The shadow is always there. But not in the  front.) The silent Welsh countryside is the stage and its villagers are  funny and keen. The protagonist is not Hugh but the village.If you would  like to spend a night with a good movie. Please try.     END
0399143904|2.0|I've run into a first with a Tom Clancy book...usually, I'm interested  that I literally hang on to every word, but in this one I've started to  skip all the exposition scenes, in which the various eco-villains paraded  their villany around in great tedium.  Ah, yes, another page and a half of  the Science Advisor thinking how much she hates all humanity.  And now the  researcher. And the hunter. And what feels like every one of the people who  are involved in the project.  The anti-environmentalist position started  grating very early as well.  The more I think of this one, the more I'm  convinced that this one is going back to the bookstore tomorrow.
B000002X2B|5.0|I wore the grooves off the vinyl version of this release.  Jefferson  Starship takes you to new heights and depths riding the power of their  simulated starship, from it's blastoff through its escape to the stars and  the development of a new society.  Explosive - Powerful - Driving
B000002MU3|3.0|I honestly didn't really care much for Monster when it was released in 1994. R.E.M.'s previous album, Automatic For The People, was so stunning and beautiful that I hoped that the band was going to put together Automatic II. That would have been a huge mistake, of course, and the band was smart enough to go in a different direction. R.E.M. is a rock band and, after two straight acoustic-based albums, they wanted to rock again.    I had a couple of problems with Monster. First, 1994 was the height of grunge and the first time I heard Monster, I thought they were jumping on the musical bandwagon and that bothered me. I was wrong, of course, because R.E.M. had put out big rock albums before (see Reckoning, Lifes Rich Pageant, Document) but those albums were loud, bright and upbeat. Monster is definitely loud and raucous but also pretty dense and murky. And some of Michael Stipe's \\"characters\\" on this album are downright creepy.    Second, I think Monster suffers from a lack of musical diversity, which has been something of an R.E.M. trademark. Document was a pretty scathing rock record, but it also had something as beautiful and mysterious as \\"King of Birds.\\" Monster is all rock, and only has a few musical curveballs -- the soulful \\"Strange Currencies\\" (which, curiously, sounds a little like \\"Everybody Hurts\\" if you listen closely enough) and the slinky \\"Tongue,\\" where Stipe dons a Bono-esque falsetto. \\"Let Me In\\" is the emotional highlight of the album but even it is guitar-heavy, although understandably so since it is a tribute to the late, great Kurt Cobain.    Listening to the album today, though, I think I was a little hard on Monster because there's a lot to like here. My personal favorite song on the album is \\"I Don't Sleep, I Dream\\" -- especially the end which builds and builds then just stops abruptly, leading right to the high octane \\"Star 69.\\" \\"What's The Frequency, Kenneth?\\" is one of their best opening tracks. \\"You\\" is a moody and ominous closer with greatpsychedelic guitar flourishes. I've always liked \\"Bang and Blame,\\" even though it always reminds me of O.J. Simpson. \\"I Took Your Name\\" is kind of creepy but it sounds great. There really is a lot to like here.    Monster is a pretty good album and it sold really well, but it just isn't one of their better albums. I think their next album, New Adventures In Hi-Fi, was a much better effort (and one of their best) because it combined the rock sound from Monster with the acoustic sound from Automatic. Monster, unfortunately, just doesn't have much to soften its rough edges.
B000000186|5.0|For over twenty years I had a battered, scratched vinyl album of STRAIGHT  UP.  It was becoming almost unlistenable when finally I found it on CD. I  let out such a whoop of delight at finding a  long lost friend!  STRAIGHT  UP is my all-time  favorite album.  The alternate versions of several songs  are an added pleasure.
0670880728|4.0|I have passed this book along to five different friends and every one of  them has loved it.  The antics Bridget goes through enable one to realize  that everyone dating in their 30's must endure the ridiculous. Even if  you're not single you'll enjoy her relationship with her co-workers,  mother, and friends. It's really a lot of fun.
0060977493|2.0|I approached this book with high expectations, given all the hoopla  surrounding it.  What a disappointment.  True, the language is in some  cases poetic, although the stylistic devices become tedious and irritating  rather quickly. The exotic background and detail are interesting. But at  bottom, it's just a very ordinary story about nasty people in a nasty  society.  It left me with a bad taste, and the conviction that if the  setting had been America, this book would have fallen into the obscurity it  deserves.
B000002MG1|5.0|I will always remember when I first heard Automatic For The People. I was a freshman in college and the record store in our little college town held a special midnight sale to celebrate the album's release. I was third in line. The doors opened. \\"Drive,\\" the album's opening track, was playing over the store's stereo system so we all piled into the store with Michael Stipe purring \\"Hey kids, rock and roll...\\" over our heads. A buddy and I bought the album then went back to the dorm to absorb our favorite band's latest offering.    We couldn't believe what we were hearing. R.E.M. had never made music this beautiful before. Michael Stipe had never written songs as heartfelt or as direct as \\"Everybody Hurts\\" or \\"Nightswimming\\" before. R.E.M.'s music had always aimed for your head or your gut. These songs went straight to your soul.    When the final few notes of \\"Find The River\\" faded into the corners of our room that night, my roommate, who wasn't much of an R.E.M. fan but listened along with us, finally said \\"That was really pretty.\\" My buddy and I said nothing. We were literally speechless. At that moment, after one single listen, Automatic For The People instantly became not only my favorite R.E.M. album, but also my favorite album ever by anyone. It had a profound effect on me.    Like Out of Time before it, Automatic is largely an acoustic album but its themes of life, death and the passage of time make the album a far more serious and focused effort. There's also this overwhelming feeling of loss -- the loss of a loved one, the loss of time, the loss of innocence. But as heavy and depressing as all of this sounds, the album isn't a downer at all. In fact, all of the songs here offer some glimmer of hope or something that brings a smile to your face -- like Michael's laugh on \\"Sidewinder\\" or his Elvis impersonation (or his impersonation of Andy Kaufman impersonating Elvis?) on \\"Man On The Moon.\\" For an album about loss, it's actually a pretty hopeful album.    I won't go over every song on the album, but the last four songs, to me, really capture the essence of Automatic. \\"Star Me Kitten\\" is the dark, weird, little love song on this dark, weird, little album and sounds like something from Twin Peaks. With its numerous pop culture references, \\"Man On The Moon\\" works as both a nostalgic look back and a look into the afterlife as Stipe looks up and playfully kids Andy Kaufman \\"Hey Andy, are you goofin' on Elvis?\\" Another sweet nostalgic look back follows with the stunning \\"Nightswimming\\" and its gorgeous string arrangement, courtesy of Led Zeppelin's John Paul Jones. And, finally, the album concludes with the bittersweet \\"Find The River,\\" as a wise Michael Stipe uses the flow of the river as a metaphor for the journey of life.    I just can't say enough about Automatic For The People. If you don't own a copy, I urge you to get one as soon as humanly possible. These are songs to learn, to sing, and to hold close to your heart.
B000002L5I|4.0|It has been a long time since I've heard a guitarist and singer with  chemistry like Shepherd (the guitarist) and Noah Hunt (the lead singer).    I hope they continue to collaborate.  TROUBLE IS is the best blues rock  since...well, it's becoming cliche to compare Shepherd to Stevie Ray  Vaughan, but there it is!
0553296981|5.0|I did not read Anne's diary until I was 35 years old. I was not expecting  much. After all, what on earth could a 14-year old write that would be of  any interest to me? I was ridiculously wrong. I will forever look at young  people differently.<br />All my life I have been haunted and filled with  despair by the visions of the Holocaust, to which I attribute a great deal  of my misanthropy.<br />Today, August 8th, 1998 I finished Anne's diary, and I  will never be the same. Paradoxically, it took a product of the Holocaust,  Anne's diary, as well as her death in a Nazi concentration camp, for this  to happen.<br />Anne has been immortalized by her diary. Her wish to become a  writer of importance has come true, probably beyond her wildest dreams.  Congratulations, Anne!<br />Anne Frank, I hope that you still exist somewhere  in this universe. And I wish that you are experiencing that profound love  that you once dreamed and wrote about.<br />Anne, I love you.
B0000057C5|5.0|Rammsteins &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; is awesome.  &quot;Du Hast&quot; a song  on this Album, already has a video in the US and is quite good.  Other  tracks like &quot;Engel&quot; and &quot;Tier&quot; are great industrial  songs, while some other songs are lighter.  Its got a nice diversity of  music.  Its great to listen to even if you dont understand the lyrics
0671015206|5.0|There's a saying &quot;If you make 25K, you live on 24K, if you make 300K,  you live on 320K&quot;.  As a certified financial planner, I often see  clients who get caught up in the &quot;wrong&quot; numbers.  This is a  great book to help people realize that there's a LOT of people who  &quot;have big hats...but no cattle,&quot; and its really your networth and  not the car you drive that matters.
039608575X|5.0|I like this book. I really like it because of the characters and the way  they were so unique yet how they were-- OOOPS!! My bad. I almost gave away  the ending. SORRY! I'll just say it was a really good book.
0312119038|5.0|This book is one of the sadest and most beutiful book I have red in years.  Her life in the book is so real. Even if not so many people enter a  monastry this is what we as young people have to fight. And all along the  way she was faithful and did what she thought was right. It describes what  it is to be a human in the phase of growing up. To realise that life is to  be accepted but not without a questionmark before.
0684874350|5.0|This was, to my recollection, the first book I've ever read where the  minute I was finished with it, I wanted to start reading it all over again.   I didn't want to let little Frankie McCout go, I guess.  <br />This memoir of  poverty, alcoholism, disease and death would be compelling in the hands of  any decent writer, but in the hands of the sublimely talented Mr. McCourt,  it is a masterpiece.  That he can write so touchingly, forgivingly, and  hilariously of his miserable boyhood without a trace of self-pity is  astonishing.  <br />What I liked most was how he was able to get into the head  of the boy he was from ages 3-19 and relate exactly how it felt at each  stage.  It's almost as if he wrote this memoir right as he was living it --  the persepective was that seamless and true.  <br />I could talk about the  book's lyricism and beauty and strength of spirit,  but it comes down to  this: he brought these characters alive for me.  And I will never forget  the one-word final chapter that brought me to tears.  One word!  How does  he do it?  Long live Mr. McCourt, a new shining star among many fine Irish  writers.  I hope we have not heard the last of him.
B000002GY9|5.0|Tom Waits is a poet first and blues artist second.  He can sculpt images  in your mind using word tools so sharp you find places you never knew you  had in you.  Do yourself a favor and walk down his street.  Just don't  catch your death of cold out walkin in the rain.
B000002HHB|5.0|This is by far one of the best albums I've heard in a long time.  The  lyrics are very passionate and the music is beautiful.  Having seen Natalie  Merchant live only hightens my love for her work.  Leaving the 10,000  Maniacs gave her the creative freedom she needed.  I would recommend this  record to anyone who has an appreciation for amazing music.
B000000OMJ|5.0|PETER GABRIEL 3 wasn't exactly considered commerical when it was first  released. Originally slated for ATCO records in the U.S., an A&amp;R man at  ATCo rejected the album(he obiviously hadn't been listening to Talking  Heads, Roxy Music or any of the other progressive thinkers). 3 found a home  at Mercury Records in the U.S. and flourished.<br />While it certainly isn't  Gabriel's most accessible work, in a way, this works to its advantage since  it is very much about alienation and the disconnected society we live in.  &quot;Games without frontiers&quot; got most of the airplay, but every song  is strong and accomplished with a unique vision.<br />This is one of Gabriel's  2 or 3 best post Genesis albums.
0425074811|1.0|It's one thing to ask readers to keep an open mind.  It's another thing  entirely to engage in the supposition-fest that goes on in this book.  His  constant harping on how current science freezes out his ideas grows  tiresome, and serves as a cover for his distortion and misapplication of  &quot;evidence.&quot;<br />If Von Daniken wrote a little more cogently, and  spent more time thinking things through, there might be some worth to this.    As it stands, it's a perfect example of how to cash in on a relatively  new interest.
B000002UDB|4.0|PEPPER showed the Beatles could do no wrong. So, the world was quite  shocked when their television film MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR turned out to be an  indulgent mess. MMT was planned while Epstein was alive and it is doubtful  if he could had persuaded the Beatles to not release it.<br />The album is a  mixed affair. Of the Ep's original songs only I AM THE WALRUS and  McCartney's flawed FOOL ON THE HILL stood out. The melody of the latter  represents one of McCarntney's best. His variation on Lennon's NOWHERE MAN  isn't lyrically quite as strong, but the intoxicating melody makes up for  some of the lyrical shortcomings.<br />I AM THE WALRUS, inspired by Lennon's  hearing of the song A WHITER SHADE OF PALE(the melody of Walrus was derived  from the sound of a police siren while Lennon was tripping on LSD), is one  of the most lyrically complex, disturbing and arresting songs Lennon ever  wrote. While his songs would increasingly become more straight forward over  the years, the original charm of WALRUS remained despite his muddling of  Lewis Carroll's original story THE WALRUS AND THE CARPENTER.<br />The other  tracks that make MMT memorable include the Beatles' most remarkable and  mature single--PENNY LANE/STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER. To this day, George  Martin regrets not keeping them in the running for PEPPER; for good reason  they both would have strengthed that cultural milestone.<br />ALL YOU NEED IS  LOVE has been condemned for its hippie world view. Lennon clearly is  talking, not of the hippie cliche of love, but of the optimist's attempt to  achieve the utopian dream. While recognizing that it might be beyond his  grasp, he is willing to try anyway. This is contrast to the smug Stones'  version of ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE, WE LOVE YOU. Even if you cannot achieve  your vision of a utopian society, Lennon seems to be saying, don't give up  the dream because that will allow you to achieve some of it. The French  national anthem has never sounded the same since its inclusion at the  begining of this Beatles' minor classic.<br />BABY YOU'RE A RICH MAN(which,  lyrically, began as a snide comment on Brian Epstein's racial heritage and  sexual orientation), although melodically not Lennon &amp; McCartney at  their best, is an interesting mishmash of elements that made ALL YOU NEED  IS LOVE, NOWHERE MAN and WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS so sucessful.  The unusual structure of the song and Lennon's forceful singing(and lyrical  obtuseness)make the song a minor Beatles' classic. Oh, and its the only  other recording(besides YOU KNOW MY NAME, LOOK UP THE NUMBER) to feature  Brian Jones of the Stones.<br />Although not in the caliber of REVOLVER,  RUBBER SOUL, ABBEY ROAD or even PEPPER, MMT has moments of sublime beauty  and lyrical power that make it well worth collecting(if not for the songs  PENNY LANE/STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER, I AM THE WALRUS AND FOOL ON THE  HILL).nclusion at the  begining of this Beatles' minor classic.<br />BABY YOU'RE A RICH MAN(which,  lyrically, began as a snide comment on Brian Epstein's racial heritage and  sexual orientation), although melodically not Lennon &amp; McCartney at  their best, is an interesting mishmash of elements that made ALL YOU NEED  IS LOVE, NOWHERE MAN and WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS so sucessful.  The unusual structure of the song and Lennon's forceful singing(and lyrical  obtuseness)make the song a minor Beatles' classic. Oh, and its the only  other recording(besides YOU KNOW MY NAME, LOOK UP THE NUMBER) to feature  Brian Jones of the Stones.<br />Although not in the caliber of REVOLVER,  RUBBER SOUL, ABBEY ROAD or even PEPPER, MMT has moments of sublime beauty  and lyrical power that make it well worth collecting(if not for the songs  PENNY LANE/STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER, I AM THE WALRUS AND FOOL ON THE  HILL).
B000002GK1|5.0|This is one powerhouse of an album - Soundgarden's finest hour!  IMHO  their first truly excellent record which laid the foundation for their next  (and last) two successive albums &quot;Superunknown&quot; and &quot;Down On  The Upside&quot;, which are also both outstanding in their own right.  &quot;Badmotorfinger&quot;'s highlights include &quot;Rusty Cage&quot;  &quot;Searching With My Good Eye Closed&quot; and &quot;Outshined&quot; as  well as the moshpit favourite &quot;Jesus Christ Pose&quot;.  For Black  Sabbath-influenced riffery and sheer intensity, this is a definite must.
0399143904|1.0|The only character that I found remotly interesting in Rainbow 6 was the  former KGB agent, and I don't think he was supposed to be the main  character.  I found the plot to be extremely predictable, anad at no time  was I worried that the bad guys would outsmart the good guys.  <br />On the  plus side, this novel was easier to get into then the last couple of  Clancy's novels. <br />In other Clancy novels, the plot has been strong enough  to carry the lack of character development but this one wasn't.
0399143904|1.0|It is unusual to see a thriller writer's talents decline so rapidly  (Alistear MacLean also comes to mind), but the writer of such passable  works as Hunt for Red October and Red Storm Rising is no more.  Whether it  is because of his interest in writing Rush Limbaughish right-wing drivel,  or because he is paid by the weight of his books, he has managed to become  a caricature of himself, much like the pose he affects for his picture on  the back cover.  The characters are unbelievable, the plot is labyrinthine,  and the dialogue is sophomoric.  Shouldn't there be a lemon law for books  so we could get our money back?  That's a rhetorical question; I read a  library copy, thank goodness!
B000002MFE|5.0|What can be done with an electric guitar master with unpeckable skill?   How does a &quot;primitive&quot; instrument hold its own in a high tech  world that is governed by every electronic gizmo in creation? Why should  anyone be taken aback by an instrument that a lot of us started on?  Good  questions with an obvious answer.  Eric Clapton. His skill is amazing and  his ability to dominate the stage is a GIVEN.  The tunes herein are a  perfect match for the project and Eric's ability to make it work defy all  preconcieved notions.  The tunes themselves provide the fundamental basis  that resulted in what we've been calling good music for quite some time  now. Every musician involved came to play and left nothing out of the  effort.  The acoustic version of Layla was worth the price of admission and  left me speaking kindly of MTV.  It would have been nice if &quot;The  Circus Left Town&quot; had found its way onto the recording but few things  in life are perfect.  All in all &quot;Unplugged&quot; is.
0517122707|5.0|I keep two copies of this book on a shelf in my home office, both wrapped  in plastic. Why? Because every time I reached up to dust, I found myself  picking up one of the two, which led to re-reading this gem of a comic  novel. I've read it more than 10 times and I still guffaw every time.  Ignatius and his New Orleans enemies (you'll see why he has no friends) are  rich, hilarious characters. Toole had an amazing ear for dialogue and  accents.
0385482582|3.0|Not really. Even the companies with the greatest flexibility could be  killed by a meteor like the 97/98 Asia financial crisis. Only those  companies with sufficient reserve and reasonable adaptability could  survive. But the book mentions nothing about sound financial management.  Perhaps that is all too implicit with a company like Intel.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool has continued to perfect their talents and use a unique structure in  their songs.  This CD gives out impressive strength with an unusual  gratifying format.  Takes music sideways to a new demension.  A favorite of  all time.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is the all time best band!!!!!  Every song on  nima is original.   Sometimes they scare me though. Especially with songs like Die Eier Von  Satan, and (-) Ions.
0060977493|3.0|While Roy's language was inventive and lovely, it couldn't cover her  ingenue storytelling status. Her constant foreshadowing panders to her  readers, most of whom don't need to be lead by the hand through a plot.  Read this book for the descriptions and Roy's obvious love of language. It  made the book worth reading. If only the story made the book worth loving.
B000002UV9|5.0|After attracting attention with Operation:  Mindcrime, Queensryche  returned to standard  album creation.  However, nothing with  Queensryche  is standard.  Defined with the  mainstream hit, Silent Lucidity, this album   sets apart Queensryche a band that does not  set limitations or  boundaries.  Della Brown  and Anybody Listening? are moody riffs that  let  you focus on the meaning of the words.   And words define this band as much  as the  driving percussion and dueling guitars.<br />Empire tells the tale of  the city and lets  you feel the anguish out there.  And I we've  all had  the experience of Another Lonely  Night (Without You)!<br />Each song is  another story.
B000002HEP|5.0|Kyuss was going to be the greatest rock band on the planet,and when sky  valley was released they were,unfortunetly they broke up in 1995.Sky valley  is the greatest underground rock album of all time!
B0000009RX|4.0|This is a great satire. Amazingly, some of Zappa's best music is buried  underneath all of the nonsense that is on this album. Funny, abrasive,  intelligent-it is Zappa at his most accessible.
B000002J1S|5.0|From beginning to end -- and it goes in a complete circle -- This is the  best work by Genesis with Peter Gabriel.  Production aided by Brian Eno,  this long 2 CD set abounds with musical bits and peices all woven into one  beautiful carpet. The live version (in the new 1967-75 boxed set) is as  good if not better. You can hear more of the lyrics and a few explanations  of songs and themes.
B000002NJS|3.0|Somewhat disappointed especially after all the hype. However, Since  Madonna is one of my top 3 heros (go girl!), I couldn't NOT buy it. Tho I  do like it more than when I first listened to it, I still can't say I love  it! Frozen is still my favorite and the video is awesome. I am also a great  fan of WIlliam Orbit and have most of his CD's  too, I guess I expected  much more. Nonetheless, not all great artist puts out all great new music  every time. Keep 'em comin' and hope for a new one soon!
0670880728|5.0|If you want to laugh, this book is for you! The first book in a long time  that is laugh out loud funny! I discovered Bridget while visiting New York  City, and found myself reading it on the subway. With brillant humor and  great writing I found myself laughing out loud, and disappointing most of  my fellow traveler's. For every woman that ever felt lost or alone, this is  a must read!
B000006OBQ|5.0|This is the way Sinatra was meant to be heard: singing to and bantering  with a Las Vegas crowd.  &quot;The Man and His Music&quot; are at their  best and his monologues add to the fun.  If you buy only one Sinatra  CD.....this is the one.
B000002UDV|5.0|Pet Sounds was Brian Wilson's response to the Beatles and their  increasingly sophisticated music. Unlike the Beatles, Wilson worked alone,  without a musically sophisticated George Martin to help him get the sounds  he heard in his head, or a critical collaberator, which makes his  accomplishment all the more impressive.<br />While the music is sophisticated,  the lyrics are still very naive and not all that far removed from the ealry  Beach Boys songs. &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; is written from the  viewpoint of a teenager, after all. And yet, Wilson and Terry Asher still  managed to create songs of unbelieveable beauty like &quot;God Only  Knows&quot; and &quot;Caroline No&quot;, as well as the moving,  introspective &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;.<br />Listening  to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; over 30 years after it was released I'm still  impressed by what the sophistication of what Wilson created, and I'm still  moved by the simple beauty of so many of the songs.
0792151712|3.0|I was impressed that Titanic seemed to be well researched: the characters  looked good; the haircuts were appropriate; the body types were fitting.  But lip stick and eye makeup are hardly acceptable in a movie laid in 1912.  It so offended me that I couldn't give the movie or the video a fair  viewing. I didn't find the movie immoral; I found it indifferently  researched. Sloppyness offends me.     END
6300182452|5.0|&quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; (1973) is one of the best and most  original westerns of all time.  It is also of of the best films that Clint  Eastwood has ever made.  It was only the second film that Eastwood ever  directed, yet it is a western masterpiece, as it funnels all of the  violent, harsh, and brutal images and themes that were first seen in the  Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns (which made Eastwood an international star)  into one picture.  No other film blurrs the lines of good and evil like  this one. No other film has humor that is so dark and so black.  No other  film tests and re-defines the nature of screen heroism, as Eastwood plays  his darkest and most enigmatic character ever.  This film strips the  western to its most brutal, raw, violent, and merciless essence, revealing  the old West to be a truly immoral and corrupt land.  Eastwood's  compulsive, surrealistic imagery is both haunting and powerful, and it  works in pefect tandem with Dee Barton's eerie score.  Filmed around Mono  Lake, California, the hellish locations of the film add to its haunting  atmosphere.  The western town, constructed by Henry Bumstead out of raw  wood is a classic, and helps to reveal the mean-spirited hypocrisy and  vicious economic determinism of the townspeople.  The film has an  unexpected, spontaneous, and completely anarchic quality that eliminates  the western's typical predictablity and simple cliches.  It is extremely  challenging, unnerving, apparitional, allegorical, and curiously memorable.   This is Clint Eastwood at his most daring and outrageous, as both an actor  and director, testing the audience to see if it will support this most  radical of anti-heroes.  &quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; is my favorite  film of all time, and it is not to be missed!     END
B0000046KM|5.0|This was the first Shirley Horn CD I had ever purchased.  I have since  purchased several others, but have not found them to be nearly as  delightful as this one.  Play it while entertaining, and  notice how many  people want to know who she is, and where they can purchase this most  amazing CD. You might want to have several copies available! :-)  Shirly is  a rare jewel, and this CD is the diamond in her crown.
0399143904|4.0|OK, let's start with what was right.  Once again, Clancy's eye for detail  carried the book.  The detail in the action sequences was up to his usual  standard, and the book didn't drag in getting started.<br />The concept, was  OK, although he'd done bio-warfare once already, you can only find so many  Big Bad Threats.  I can accept that.<br />However Clancy's politics were  overpowering.  A good author should be like a teacher.  You know their  politics are there, and if you think about it, you can see them, but the  points are subtle and don't require hitting you over the head.<br />Come on  Clancy, give your readers some credit for an IQ larger then our shoe size.   We handled Hunt for Red October, we don't need to be spoon fed the  point!<br />Additionally, it's not neccesary to write ONLY about Clark or ONLY  about Ryan, you can include them both in a novel successfully.
0802130208|5.0|I have read this book three times, each time discovering a few more  absurdities about the characters.  We have all met an Ignatius Reilly at  some time in our lives, we can only be thankful that we have not met this  Ignatius.   I have recommended this book to several friends and family  members and none of them have been disappointed.  This is perhaps the most  entertaining book I have read.
0805017305|5.0|I first read this book in 1981, when a friend showed it to me almost as  soon as I set foot on American soil from England. From it I learned how  awful the Native Americans had been treated in America, and I wanted to  learn more, so I travelled around the country visiting Native people in  their own homes and reservations. I made many wonderful friends, including  my Dakota partner.  The book doesn't lie, I have heard those same stories  from the mouths of elders and young alike.  Passed down through their  families, the stories still live on.  Dee Brown has written a book about  these same stories, he does it in a way that makes us all sit and think.  After reading the book again, it has the same effect on my soul, except now  it is more personal as I have visited the places in the book and heard the  voices too.  I am back in England now, my quest has ended but my love for  this book will never end.  Read it and start your own quest off, please.
0399143904|3.0|Tom Clancy did his usual job of entertaining us with this techno-thriller  but his characters are all so perfect,that they do not come across as  believable. It seemed that Clancy loves his main characters so much that  their aura of invincibility was never seriously threatened- this makes for  an uninvolved combat narration because you know that the bad guys are  doomed even before the entire sequence is played out.  Extremist groups for  the environment are a tiny minority and Clancy chooses to put nature  conservation ( which should concern us all ) in a very bad light- no doubt  reflecting his very narrow minded view of the World according to Clancy.
B000002BE9|5.0|I love this CD! Its one I put on repeat and keep playing. Fiona Apple's  voice and songs are poetry set to music. All the songs are deep and moving,  pulling you in and making you feel.
0802130208|2.0|I did not really enjoy this book. Everyone raved about it, but I can't see  why. I thought Ignatius Reilly was an annoying, unfunny jerk. I couldn't  find anything amusing or interesting. I thought the  attempt at humor was  forced, obvious and rather pathetic. I could not finish the book because it  was torture to read more than half of the book. I wish I could get a refund  in all honesty. The prose was the only reason why I gave the book two  stars.
1567312373|5.0|This is the best book i have read in the 20 years since i first learned to  read, which have been spent reading everything i could get my hands on.   This book will stimulate your mind, and make you wonder about everything.   Thank you Mr. Wilson for writing, and thank you bri for recomending :)
0792151712|2.0|Titanic, for certain, is not the greatest film in motion picture  history...There was a little film in 1939-what was it-oh yeah-that multi  billion dollar classic-Gone With The Wind.  Have we forgotten what  excellent acting and an intelligable screenplay are?  OK, I give Titanic 2  stars (although I don't know why) because the historical aspect of this  film was documented well.  I will admit, Cameron almost touches upon  Selznick's historical accuracy when he made Gone With The Wind.  What  Selznick did in that film when he recorded the events of the Civil War-ah,  that is pure and simply-untouchable, paramount splendor.  But as I said,  Cameron does a pretty good job of recording the story of the Titanic.  That  was what facinated me but this supposed love saga-what love saga?  There  may have been some sort of a mockery of a love story but no saga.  The only  true love saga that ever came out of this country was...yep, you guessed  it...Gone With The Wind.  Yes, Titanic deserves 1 or 2 stars for its  historical representation of the the RMS Titanic but the fact that the  screenwriting was awful ruins this film.  Now as for the actors-they could  have been far better...Leonardo DiCaprio-a worldwide star-come on, folks.   And Kate Winslet-WHO?  This film in no way deserved 11 Academy Awards-maybe  a few for its special effects and its history lesson-but it in no way  deserved eleven.  I do recommend that you see this film so that you may  better understand the story of the RMS Titanic but if you want to see a  truly good love saga, not this immoral trash, rent a copy of the world's  greatest film: Gone With The Wind.     END
B00000251N|5.0|Richard Bach wrote the book; the music to accompany this story should have  the quality of J.S. Bach. Neil Diamond's magnificent film score is perfect  for this glorious and soaring story. If Bach had read JLS this is the music  he too would have written.
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine Dion has a really beautiful voice and this CD has awesome songs on  it. You have to hear this. It's one of my favorites.
0802130208|5.0|Toole's book is quite simply the best written tragic comedy since Don  Quiote.  The reader is left not only laughing, but questioning what he is  laughing at.  Whether one is amused by the escapades of Ignatius Riley, or  the absurdity of the society that Ignatius is force to live in, most will  agree that Toole has created a literary masterpiece.  The real tragedy is  not Riley, or society, but the untimely death of Toole himself, which only  leaves us to speculate how Ignatius's world view will collide with the  madness of New York City.
0399143904|5.0|The book Rainbow Six is a well crafted and very exciting thriller from Mr.  Tom Clancy.  I read it and couldn't put it down.  It ranges from  intelligence and espionage to an all out global biological threat.  This is  one of Clancy's best.  Mr Clark and Chavez are very much so the people we  would all like to be.  If you like true thrillers Rainbow Six is for you.
B000002BE9|5.0|Fiona's voice is strong. It has a cool groove. Her voice is very strong  and confident which makes me like her so much. Yet in Never Is A Promise  her voice was calm and soothing. The cd is great and Fiona is talented I  hope she makes another album soon!!
B000002MY3|5.0|i loose myself with jagged, this album is nothing but the MAGIC.
0312954468|5.0|Smith was genious to bring to life the everyday struggle of ancient egypt.   I am not sure if he was trying to parallel any actual people, but his  vivid descriptions of the gods and lifestyle of the time was wonderful.   This book is very entertaining, hard to put down.
B000002G0P|4.0|This is a very underappreciated album, probably because the material  literally goes from bad to great.  The songs that got radio play are some  of the worst on the album (and some of the first - lots of people,  including me, probably gave up too early).  But &quot;Everything Under the  Sun&quot; and the second 2 &quot;sides&quot; are just awesome.
B000003BEM|5.0|When we listen to new bands plug off their guitars in MTV sessions, got to  remind of Beggar's Banquet, an album that turned the way the bands used to  be. &quot;No expectations&quot;? Yes, maybe the Stones never tought that  were playing a so basic album. The misterious guitar in &quot;Simpathy for  the devil&quot; (the legend says Eric Clapton), the acoustic guitar riff in  Street Fighting Man and the tender steps of the click-clack of your feet in  &quot;Stray Cat Blues&quot; are the hard points of this. But tender is the  Factory Girl and The Salt of the Earth. And just in Love in Vain we heard a  so beautiful guitar as &quot;No expectations&quot;. Expect a great album.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is undoubtedly one of the best books I have ever read ...  will ever read.  Frank McCourt's telling of his horrendous childhood  through the eyes and words of a growing child  was not only touching and  heart breaking, but pure genius.  I will never forget this book or the  McCourt family.
0399143904|4.0|I admit I was a little disappointed when I first heard the new Clancy was  not a Jack Ryan book, but reading the first chapter on line changed my  disappointment to anticipation quickly.  I had thoroughly enjoyed Without  Remorse and Rainbow Six provides the same action and character development.   I would recommend this book to any of my friends, even those sometimes  intimidated by the length of a Clancy novel and assure them that this is  one of the least &quot;technical&quot; of his novels with a story that  moves quickly throughout.l
0553296981|5.0|This book is one of the ten best books I have ever read. Everyone should  read this book. This book is about a young mind coming into existence. It  is about a mind exploring and coming to know of it's self-awareness. In my  opinion, anyone who reads this book and doesn't &quot;get it&quot; is just  subhuman -- they are not fully aware of what it means to be alive.
0425129586|5.0|I'm afraid I'm going to have to say the same thing that everyone's saying.  This is the best Agatha Christie mystery I have ever read!!! I read it in  one take.  It's thrilling, suspenseful with an incredible ending.  You'll  break out in a sweat.
0399143904|1.0|I speed read this book  - it is one of the most boring &quot;thrillers' I  have had the misfotune of reading.  This book is a rip off and yet another  example when an author gets rich and forgets that which got him/her there  in the first place and simply mass produces drivel.
B000002H2Z|5.0|i will not call it the best of the cure, since i like their other albums,  too. probably not a masterpiece (to forget four or five tracks which are),  it is worth a listen, and, oh, how different from the cure's other  albums.<br />this time the mood swings to bright and happy - at least, for the  cure. it is something of a drift away from the punky and goth past (though  screw and kyoto song smell of those, respectively), and it has the first  signs of the band's future: sinkng is a predecessor of some of the kiss me,  kiss me, kiss me or disintegration or wish, and a night like this gives  some idea of what's to come even later.<br />the rest of the tracks are quite  distinct: the cure had done nothing like this before, and smith has moved  on to different things later.<br />some major rock and alternative musicians  have thought well enough of head on the door to plagiarise on it.
0395066360|5.0|THE BOOK STRESSES THE IMPORTANCE OF CHARITY. A FAMILY TAKES IN A PERFECT  STRANGER. WHY? WHY NOT. IT REMINDS ME OF MY GRANDMOTHER WHO TOOK IN 4 OR 5  KIDS AND RAISED THEM AS HER OWN (SHE HAD 10 OF HER OWN). ON THE LIGHTER  SIDE, READING  BOOKS IS ONE OF THE BEST WAYS GENERATIONS BOND. BUT THEY  CAN'T TRULY BOND UNLESS THE OLDER GENERATION CAN ENJOY THE BOOK ON ALL THE  SAME LEVELS AS THE YOUNGER GENERATIONS. PADDINGTON BEAR IS NOT A   CHILDREN'S FAVORITE. IT IS A PEOPLE FAVORITE. WHO DOESN'T ENJOY WRITING ON  STEAMED GLASS? AND YOU CAN ALMOST HEAR HIS CLAWS AS THEY ETCH INTO THE  MIRROR. I LOOK FORWARD TO READING THE PADDINGTON STORIES TO MY KIDS AND  NEPHEWS AND NIECES JUST AS MY PARENTS AND MY ELDEST  BROTHER TOM DID.  INCIDENTALLY, TOM ALWAYS REFERRED TO PADDINGTON BEAR AS &quot;FOREST   JUDY&quot;. I DON'T KNOW. IT JUST MADE ME LAUGH.... AND HIM TOO.
006017322X|5.0|harper lee has shown us all the evil of just not racism but of all  prejudice and bigotry.  it is simply awesome
B000001F76|5.0|This cd set is great for hours and hours of listening pleasure.  To hear  Hank Sr.sing about daily life makes it all so much more worthwhile.  This  compilation includes my all-time favorites Kaw-liga and Lonesome Highway.   I recommend it for anyone who appreciates Hank Sr.'s gifted voice.
B000001DQI|5.0|In spite of what the 11/22/73 issue of Rolling Stone said about  &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road&quot;: &quot;An overproduced array of  musical portraits. ...Too fat to float, artistically doomed by pretension  but redeemed commercially by a couple of brilliant tracks out of a possible  18. ...The best tunes are obscured by drivel.&quot; Well this is the best  drivel I've ever heard...
0399143904|2.0|It kills me to say this, it really does, but Rainbow Six is a bit of a  dud. I am afraid that TC did not have his full attention on this one. The  pieces are all there, but they just don't connect in the inimitable Clancy  fashion. There is a lack of focus  both to machinations of the bad guys,  and the heroics of our heroes, the plot meanders hither and yon, and the  denouement I found totally completely predictable and therefore boring.  Nonetheless, I did little but read it over the course of 2 days, however I  fear that Rainbow Six will not be re-read and savored numerous times. If  this had been a first effort, straight-to-paperback work from a new  novelist, I would be satisfied, as with a Big Mac grabbed on the  run.....but it is certainly not the multi-course, gourmet feast I would  expect from the latest Tom Clancy yarn.
B000002UKS|5.0|THE FOO FIGHTERS &quot;THE COLOUR AND THE SHAPE&quot; IS THE BEST CD I  HAVE EVER PURCHASED. IT HAS THE COOLEST SONGS ON IT YOU GROW ATTACHED TO  AFTER AWHILE, SUCH AS EVERLONG, AND MY HERO. THEY ARE MY FAVORITE BAND AS  WELL, AND  WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!!!
0399143904|5.0|The only reason I was anxious to end my vacation was because I knew a copy  of Clancy's Rainbow Six would be waiting for me when I got home.  (I had  ordered it via my book club)  I knew I was hooked when, on the first night  of reading it, I couldn't put it down!  Being caught up with familiar  characters is like running into old friends, even family.  Although Clancy  isn't strong on emotional involvement between the characters and the  reader, this book pulls you in, because you feel you &quot;know&quot; these  people.  Can't wait to finish......
B000002G30|5.0|If you haven't heard this album- then you are running the risk of dying an  unfulfilled person!!  Dopes has some of the most intense bass lines, guitar  solos and superb vocals from Dave that you'll ever find!!! Reminiscent of  Sabbath?!?--damn straight! Top picks are Dead Christmas and Blow 'em off...   I suggest you stop what you're doing and take a listen!!
B000002L5I|4.0|Just bought this cd after hearing &quot;Somehow, Somewhere,Someway&quot;  on the radio and was hypnotized by Noah Hunt's voice. Very sensual and  soulful. Yes, everyone comments -and rightly so- on KWS's amazing  abilities. But the vocals clinched the sale for this reviewer. Great job!
B000003S0Z|5.0|Through Hollow Lands makes me feel happy and sad at the same time. It is like remembering of your past life, feeling it has been good, abut that it is gone now.
B000005RXF|5.0|Pop is in some ways the height of u2's career, but it is also, like  zooropa, more a collection of songs than an album in the way that War,  Joshua Tree, and Achtung Baby are albums, in other words though it has an  intellectual theme, it lacks a consistent musical one.  Still, it is in  many ways bold and certainly an essential part of any u2 collection. Like  Billy Corgan of the Smashing Pumpkins said, in many ways Pop sounds like a  greatest hits cd.
B000002OAZ|5.0|If you want to know how the Rolling Stones learned to play one of the  sexiest numbers ever, &quot;Little red rooster&quot;, here is how! Wolf is  actually recorded  teaching the slide guitar here on this track! Mind  blowing!
0399143904|4.0|Good reading, Rainbow Six draws the reader in nicely.  However, the plot  has some weaknesses, the ending is a bit on the ludicrous side, and  Clancy's &quot;good guys&quot; seem to be saying that anybody who cares  about the environment is a complete nut and to be a &quot;good guy&quot;,  you've got to only want to exploit the environment.<br />Clancy -- you  should keep your politics out of your writing.  It's a lot more interesting  to read when you stick to what you know.
B000002OZY|3.0|I have never been much for the so-called &quot;rock opera,&quot; with its  big production, overblown instrumentation and pretentious overtures and  movements.  The Who's Tommy is, I suppose, the best of this lot, but give  me a snappy two- or three-minute single like &quot;Can't Explain&quot; or  &quot;The Seeker,&quot; and I'll still pick it over this stuff any day.   The Who was best as a singles band.
0880381736|5.0|This book was one of the best books that I have ever read(and I have read  a lot of book's.)  This book has everything from action to adventure.   Supense to romance.  It is jammed pack with fantasy.  I hope the auturs  keep on writing.
B000002IAZ|5.0|Buffalo Springfield is a legend.  For their too-short time together, they  recorded some incredible music and influenced many others.  This was also  the band that got Stephen Stills, Neil Young, Rich Furay, and (later) Jim  Messina their starts.  Far from being a little-known sixties obscurity,  this was a very prominent and well-respected band.  Most everyone has heard  &quot;For What It's Worth&quot; at least a few times, but if that is ALL  you've heard, you are missing out on some real gems, &quot;Mr. Soul&quot;  and &quot;Bluebird&quot; among them.
B000002UB3|5.0|Although I liked just about every album the Beatles ever recorded, Abbey Road has always been my personal favorite. Being the last album the Beatles ever recorded, it was the consummate musical production marking the end of a brilliant musical career for the Fab Four.<br />John Lennon's contributions of &quot;Come Together&quot;, &quot;Mean Mr. Mustard&quot;, &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; and the heavily blues influenced &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot; reveal Lennon's unique writing style which established him as the rock writing genius of the 60's musical era.<br />Paul McCartney shines on this album with &quot;Oh Darling&quot;, &quot;She Came In Through The Bathroom Window&quot;, and his beautiful &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot;, laced with chiming guitar arpeggios, is one of my personal favorites.<br />George Harrison contributed with what many consider to be the two best songs on the album, &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;, the latter containing a beautifully high-capoed acoustic guitar that rings indelibly in the mind of all who listen.<br />Abbey Road will stand the test of time and will remain as a classical piece of music thoughout the centuries. In an ironic way, it is almost fitting that the Beatles disbanded after Abbey Road; because I do not think that any musical group, even the Beatles themselves, could have topped this one.
B000002U8G|5.0|The 23-minute &quot;Echoes&quot; alone is worth the price of admission.   &quot;One of These Days&quot; pumps along with a terrific bass line and  watery guitars that crescendo stunningly.  &quot;Fearless&quot; is one of  my all-time favorite Floyd songs, and &quot;A Pillow of Winds&quot; sounds  just like its title.  Very cool stuff.  If you like Dark Side of the Moon,  get this.
0684874350|5.0|Despite the crushing weight of poverty, the One True Church, disease and  dysfunction, this book is ultimately loving and hopeful. I read it in 2  days and haven't stopped thinking about it.
B000002UA0|5.0|This is Pink Floyd's most interesting album.  It is a weird, warped,  cosmic psychedelic work of art.  Since this is the only Pink Floyd album  with Syd Barrett at the helm, there is nothing else like it in Pink Floyd's  catalog.  Roger Waters and Dave Gilmour took the band in other less  interesting but more commercially successful directions after Syd's  departure.  Get this awesome piece of brain-fried madness and see if you  don't agree.
079283318X|4.0|I'm giving this movie 4 stars for one very big reason - Tina Turner.  I  bought it because she did the theme song and that's why I've watched it 20  or 30 times now.  Yeah, there's action and all that other stuff but you can  get that in any movie.  Where else can you find the diva herself singing  such an alluring, sexy song?  (Wait!  Don't tell me she did something with  Mel Gibson.  I have that one too!)     END
B000000WCA|1.0|Skillful marketing and risque clothing may make a commercially successful  group, but take away all of that and you have a bunch of pretty pathetic,  cookie-cutter dance songs.  That should be enough for anyone to stay away,  but throw in the fact that pre-pubescents like my 10-year-old niece are  trying to emulate their sleazy, whore-like looks and slyly suggestive  songs, and I have to give the big thumbs-down to this outfit.  Ten years  from now, someone will say to you, &quot;Remember the Spice Girls?,&quot;  and you'll both have a good laugh and wonder, &quot;What was I thinking at  the time?  Good riddance!&quot;
0553062182|4.0|If you are an HSP and are having some of the same problems that I am (such  as; hating your sensitivity because you feel that you can hardly find  anyone to share it with, who will appreciate you and the quality of being  sensitive to others needs and feelings as well as your own, you feel  overwhelmed by alot of unsensitive people in the world who come off as  ignorant and are not sure what to do about it downright short of becoming  ignorant yourself or letting the situation go, seeing yourself as have a  problem being assertive just because you don't want to hurt someone else's  feelings, but they couldn't care less if they hurt yours - I could keep  going, but I'll stop.)<br />Well then this book can help you.  I found it very  helpful in understanding that I was born a sensitive person, and no matter  how much I try to change myself - I can't - I have to accept who I am and  not be so hard on myself.  This book is not really a self help book in the  sense that it will help you to change things you do not like about  yourself, it is about accepting the way you are and learning how to  incorporate that new found knowledge into your life.  This message of  acceptance is the major message I got from the book.  <br />Elaine Aaron also  gives tips on reframing past events in the new light of looking at your  trait as a blessing and not a curse.  In the hopes that you will see how  this trait has affected you and your reactions to certain situations your  entire life, and help you to understand and  accept those reactions and  find strategies that will help you to cope with and get through those  situations when they happen in the future.   <br />Ms. Aaron also identifies  characteristics of our society that feed into the misconception that high  sensitivity is bad and why this notion came to be. (Don't get me wrong,  everything has its good and bad points.)  Just becoming aware of the  reasons that lead our culture to look at sensitivity as bad is a good step  in accepting yourself, that there is nothing wrong with you.  Unfortunately  there are alot of misconceptions in this world caused by ignorance which  inturn feeds into hate.<br />   All in all I really appreciated the book,  although I wish it had touched on more specific feelings and how to cope  with them, because it would help me not to feel as isolated, alone, and  different in a strange and bad sort of way (a oddity of nature in today's  unsensitive world), knowing that other people have these feelings sometimes  too.  <br />One of the major feelings that she did touch on however was the  feeling as though something is wrong w/you because you have always felt  different and the reason that you have always felt different is because of  your trait.  Also, the damage of people telling you &quot;you're too  sensitive&quot;.  People make it sound like it's a bad thing, but everyone  needs sensitivity at some point in their life -- understanding, compassion,  empathy (actually they all want it but they won't give it).  I'll be the  first to admit, I don't understand this world -- especially the people in  it.
B000002U82|5.0|I remember Boy George once commenting that this album has everything he  ever wanted to do in an album.  Every guitar texture, every tape loop,  every sound effect (such as the alarm clocks in &quot;Time&quot;), every  synthesizer drone, every interesting meter change (such as the 7/4 time of  &quot;Money&quot;), every melody and every harmony.  Well, no matter what  you think of Boy George, he was right.  This album has everything.  If you  haven't heard it yet (preferably in headphones with the lights low),  where've you been??  Get it and marvel at its perfection.
0399143904|5.0|Rainbow Six was one of the scariest stories I have ever read.  Although at  first the premise seems rather silly, when one thinks about it the idea  becomes horribly possible as it does not cost all that much (as such things  go) to accomplish what the book describes.  States no longer have the  monopoly on mass death.  Clancy puts together an excellent, well written  and well constructed tale full of the usual technical accuracy and  suspense.  At times one does feel that the book was written a little too  much with easy conversion to a movie script in mind as well as  consideration of the computer game Mr. Clancy will sell under the same  title.  Slightly more character exploration (as in Without Remorse) would  also have been appreciated.  Still, these are minor points that take  absolutely nothing away from the quality and excellence of Rainbow Six.
B000001Y16|5.0|Alright first off i gotta say this CD is tight.  He shows his stregnths in  tracks such as Life of an Outlaw, Hold Ya Head, and others.  This is  probably his second best LP.  <br />On to another subject related to Makaveli.   He changed his artist name to Makaveli for a very intricate reason.   Machiavelli was an Italian philosopher about 500 years ago.  He FAKED his  death to evade enemies.  Tupac did the same thing. The reason why its  spelled as Makaveli because if you unscramble it you get Am Alive, then the  K is left.  There is a rapper that came out right after his death by the  name of Blac Haze. Sounds just like 2Pac and his face isnt shown on his CD.   The K goes in Blac of Blac Haze so it looks like Black Haze.  Email me for  70+ reasons on why hes alive.
0060916540|5.0|Don't listen to reviews by non-climbers, and don't fall into the trap of  comparing it to &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;.  This account is unique and  should figure prominently in your climbing library.
B000002BHE|5.0|This CD is great. I think this is the greatest album of Celine Dion. The  songs are great. Such as: To love you more, Falling into you, and because  you loved me
0440117658|5.0|This book is excellent.  I must say that of all his works that I have  read, I enjoyed this one the most,and that is including  Slaughterhouse-Five.  I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good  laugh, or for that matter, likes to look at life a bit differently.   Vonnegut doesn't disappoint.
B000002UA0|5.0|The mother of Pink Floyd, Syd Barrett, is heard here in his craziest,  most-stoned out, and psychedelic performance. Piper At the Gates of Dawn --  which is probably the least heard of and least listened to Floyd album --  proves that shooting stars are sometimes the brightest stars. Although, I  don't think that Syd wanted to be a shooting star like Morrison, he just  wanted freedom and a chance to take acid and do something with it. And with  it, something he did. <br /> At the beginning of the album, we hear a short  silence, then some low, robotic uttering something dark and other-worldly.  Then Astromony Domine starts. The only, contrary to many beliefs, actual  space song Syd did. Then Lucifer Sam blasts in with a simple low pluck of  the low E chord and a classic riff follows. Then were treated to some true  psychedelia with Mother Matilda, and Flaming. Next up we have Pow R. Toc  H., an instrumental peice that is the only bummer on the album. Syd must've  been on some bad acid. <br /> Next is Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk,  written amazingly by Roger Waters who would soon take over the band. This  song is nothing like later Floyd, which is surprising since it was written  by Waters who would write everything that Floyd did until The Final Cut.  Then starts Interstellar Overdrive, the most beautiful, trippy techno-song  anyone is likely to hear. This song was the main reason I got a guitar. <br />  Floyd finishes us off with soft, humorous psychedelic classics like The  Gnome, Chapter 24 (which isn't soft or humorous in any way), The Scarecrow  (which is almost sad), and the cheerful, fast-paced Bike. <br /> All in all,  this is the album to listen to while smoking grass, having sex, doing  homework, or just trying to lay back and relax.
1573226521|5.0|An absolutely awesome book.  Made me want to quit my job and hang out in  those fields all day.  I actually went out and bought guide books for  Thailand because this book was so inspiring. I can't wait for his next one.
0684874350|5.0|This book was the best I have read thus far, it is heartwarming,  heartwrenching and heartfelt.  It was wonderully written and extremely  truthful.  Its extraordinary, a must read!!!!
0671646788|5.0|I read The Magic of Thinking Big four years ago when a friend gave it to  me. In this period of time, I have changed from a shy, underachieving,  mediocre teenager to a really smart, focussed, positive go-getter. The  think-big idea is truly magical. In four years I have transformed from an  average student in a High School in a remote town in India to a successful  student in a nationally ranked liberal arts college in USA headed for  success. Magic! What else? Thanks a billion David!.
0812550706|5.0|Enders game is an excellent story that makes you think about what might  really happen in the future, if and when we ever make contact with alien  life forms.  Ender's game is also an exciting sci-fi war type book.  The  idea of the zero-g battle room is excellent.  Card is very superb in his  writing.
0451169514|5.0|I first read &quot;It&quot; when I was stuck in a car for two days  straight.  I read the whole thing - in two days!  I could not put it down.   Not only was the plot supurb and the story thrilling, I honestly fell in  love with the characters.  Not since &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; have  I EVER felt that way about a book.
B000002MY3|5.0|I LOVED Ironic . . . Head over feet . . . You Outta Know . . . etc . . .  etc!!! This entire CD is filled with number 1 songs. The lyrics are awesome  and the rhythm is snappy. I'd rate it 6 stars out of 5!?!
044022425X|4.0|I just happened to order this book from a book club to which I belong.  It  turned out to be one of those books you just can't put down.  Then it was  searching the used book stores for the next three novels.  The same theme  and characters are in all four novels.  I thoroughly enjoyed the historical  as well as fanciful aspects of all. Try to read the books in the order in  which they were written for the most enjoyment.
0684803356|5.0|Despite bpathrose's trenchant review and appreciation of great literature,  this novel remains one of the finest novels of this century.  Is our  culture so corrupted by mediocrity that we can no longer recognize true,  meaningful art?  I believe that those that appreciate what is beautiful  will embrace this book in the future as so many have in the past.
B000002LIM|4.0|Danny Elfman did not just bring to life a great opening theme song he also  brought to life  the spirt of the Batman movies. Danny Elfmans score for  Batman was a very great, and it had a dark tone to it, and that i think was  what  he wanted to go for. This CD was amazing but it was to dark of a  score.
B000000WHC|5.0|&quot;Still Got The Blues&quot; is stand-out wonderful.  Gary Moore is  obviously one of the great rock-blues guitarists of our time.  With great  tone, fiery runs, sensitive phrasing, and intensely passionate playing,  Gary breathes new life into my stereo speakers. He is in the same talent  league as Stevie Ray Vaughn.  What a delightful discovery this CD was.
0385421982|2.0|Best-seller? yeah. But it's BORING! I had to force myself to finish it.   Cuz I'm not used to giving up in the middle.  But I found this book totally  boring.
0399143904|2.0|Rainbow Six started off with a good premise.  About one third of the way  through the whole idea became absurd.  I felt like tossing it but stuck  with it hoping the plots would come together but it never happened.  I am  usually sorry to see Clancy's novels end. When I finished this Rainbow Six  I sighed with relief and wondered why I had finished it.
B000002KGT|5.0|Fleetwood Mac's 1977 release Rumours is, in my opinion, one of the finest  albums ever recorded.  It has enough pop and rock in it to please most  everyone.  The album is haunting, thoughtful, and most of all, fun!  There  isn't a weak song on Rumours.  It is great from beginning to end.  To the  catchy tunes of Don't Stop, to the haunting voice of Stevie Nicks on Gold  Dust Woman, you have a feast for your ears.  Songbird, by Chris McVie, made  John and Mick cry at every concert.  The album is even more relevant and  coherent when you know the back story to the album which I will let VH-1  tell.  If you buy this album, you WILL NOT regret it.  It is no surprise to  me that Rumours is the third best-selling album of all time.  Rumours  speaks for itself.
0140187863|5.0|In &quot;Lady Chatterly's Lover&quot;, D.H. Lawrence has written a  wonderful story which is based on depth of thought and feeling, rather than  conventional moral attitudes.  If more people thought for themselves about  love, lust, and relationships, as Lawrence obviously did, we'd have a lot  fewer dull, soul-killing marriages and a lot more happy people in the  world!<br />The ulimate message of this book is that nurturing (sexually and  otherwise), honest, and loving relationships are a lot more important than  conforming to society's expectations of behavior.  Amen!
0684801558|3.0|I was first swept away by the writing of Fitzgerald, as I suppose most  people were, in his classic text, The Great Gatsby.  This book also  chronicles romance and &quot;the fast life,&quot; but is not nearly as  captivating.  For those who love Fitzgerald, this is still a good read.   However, I would sooner recommend Gatsby, or This Side of Paradise.
0399143904|4.0|Tom Clancy at his best!  Rainbow Six was a classic techno-thriller, based  on his heroes of Clark and Chavez.  Don't think for moment that such  bio-warfare is &quot;impossible&quot;.  Clancy keeps you on the edge, what  next kind of reading.  Hard to put it down once the action begins, and that  starts with the flight to England.  I truly enjoyed Rainbow Six.  What's  next?
0399143904|2.0|I liked Tom Clancy's early books, _Red Storm Rising_, _Sum of all Fears_,  etc. However, I was pretty disappointed with this book. It was interesting  in places, but too formulaic. He tends to get lost when not speaking  techno-babble - the character development is poor, there isn't alot of  tension, etc. And long...way too long. It could use some serious editing.  Has anybody else noticed how Clancy has started using the same phrases  repeatedly in his books? For example, two or three novels ago he started  using the phrase &quot;been there, done that&quot;. Not just once, but many  times per book. Rainbow Six has 3-4 &quot;been there, done that&quot;s in  it, several comparisons of the men on Rainbow 6 to &quot;lions&quot;, that  sort of thing. It is as though Clancy is writing each scene in his story  outline, then just glueing them together. He needs an editor. Also, this  book could have been written by Rush Limbaugh. Yeah, vegetarians are a  pretty serious danger to the world.
B000009PNY|4.0|Some interpretations work better than others - I particularly liked  &quot;Fly on the Windscreen&quot; and &quot;Everything Counts&quot; - but  I'd say easily 10 out of 16 tracks are a whole lot of fun, and that's a  better percentage than I've found sometimes on actual Depeche Mode albums.
0316926345|5.0|Brideshead Revisited is a deeply moving book with sections that are better  classified as poetry than prose -- from the opening sequence of Charles  Ryder looking back at Brideshead and his past, comparing his falling out of  love with the army to a man who has fallen out of love with his wife; to  the scene where Charles and Julia crash against the wall aboard the  windswept ship, her body pressed against his as he gazes out at the starry  sky through her long hair against his face.<br />But even more than the poetry  of this book and the beautiful descriptions of Oxford and the time in which  it is set (interwar Britain), it is the slowly unfolding tragedy of the  book that makes it so appealing and moving.  That, and the gradual but  inexorable process of Charles' journey into maturity and the recognition  that there is more to life than he had first realised.  Definitely one of  my favourite books of all time.
B0000074LY|4.0|This album was one of twisted sisters best album they ever made.  The olny  problem was the timing of the release.  The song are good and in the case  of waking the sleeping giant they are great. it is an album that should be  bought and listened to on a regular basis if you are a twisted sister fan.
B000006NPY|3.0|The album is very mellow and dark with definate technologoical undertones.  Billy Corgan again impresses with his lyrics and song-writing abilities but  I think that the band has seriously suffered after the loss of the drummer  Jimmy Chamberlain, there chemistry is just not there any more
0790731452|2.0|This film tried for campy humor like Dr. Stranglove, but it fell short, in  my opinion.  The quality actors in the cast didn't use their talents.  The  funniest parts of the movie were in the trailers.     END
0345350499|5.0|I loved this book, finally an Arthurian legend which does not portray its  women as villians.  This is the definitive novel on Camelot as told through  the eyes of a woman.
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead speaks in a voice that always felt like my own but I just  wasn't sure I was hearing it.  Sometimes the inner voice could use a little  confidence.  The world of second handers, of people who would rather live  unhappily ever after (and have society to blame because they did everything  they were &quot;supposed to do&quot;) than strke out on their own, is  clearly spelled out in this book.  The Fountainhead put into words a  feeling I always had and has given me the confidence to atleast  &quot;attempt&quot; to listen to my own wants and needs.  Is Roark fiction?   Of course.  Is that life attainable?  Probably not.  Is it a goal?  It is  for me.
0684874350|5.0|I cried tears and I laughed out loud while reading this book.  I could not  put it down, read it in a day and a half and felt sad when it was finished,   I wanted to know what happened to Frank and the rest of his family.  I am  eagerly awaiting the sequel.
0399143904|2.0|Looks like Clancy and his editors were rushing to get this one out the  door.  Numerous editing errors (e.g. Clark leaves his house twice (pp.  25/26)). Lots of repetition-how many times do we need to read the same  graphic description of someone getting shot in the head or the number of  shots that each character fires with their silenced weapons?  No real  climax, it just withers (meanders) away to a predictable ending after the  hospital scene.  And what mysterious disappearance at the end of the book?  The Gulfstream pilots knew where they were...Tom, we expect better.
B000001FA4|5.0|It is simply the best of U2. &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; and  &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; are the most beautiful songs ever made by  the group.
B000002MG1|5.0|Ever since I heard &quot;Chronic Town&quot; in the mid 80's, I have been  fascinated by the incredibly diverse and melodic music these four guys from  Athens, Georgia have been able to consistently create. This album however,  is my favorite.  It is beautiful...mysterious, quiet, and thoughtful.  If I  could write a song like &quot;Find the River&quot;, my life would be  complete.
0399143904|2.0|If your a die-hard Clancy fan, go for it, if your not, then skip it.  This  is just another tired killer virus novel, that has been done much better  way too many times.  Mr. Clark in &quot;Without Remorse&quot; and in the  Jack Ryan series was always well done, in this novel he's not done at all.  Talk about a let down, I was *very* disappointed...  Poor Plot, really bad  editing (mispelled words, poor grammer, etc.)Poor Character development,  way too long, and an incredible mismanaged climax (finish) and to top it  off we have to listen to Clancy's right wing rants and raves throughout the  book.  So much anticipation, so little satisfaction....
B000003N7K|5.0|Usually quite judicious in my praise, I must start nonetheless by saying  that this is one of the greatest jazz albums of all time (truly among the  ranks of, if you're curious as to my frame of reference, Brubeck's  &quot;Time Out,&quot; Ella's `Mack the Knife' Berlin concert, Trane's  &quot;My Favorite Things,&quot; Miles' &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; and  &quot;Porgy and Bess,&quot; Sonny Rollins' &quot;Saxophone Colossus,&quot;  and perhaps Bill Evans' &quot;Conversations with Myself&quot;). Obscure and  almost unknown up through his death and for several years thereafter,  Johnny Hartman's music has been discovered by many in an upswing which, as  one other reviewer points out, probably can be traced to the use of several  of his tracks in the otherwise forgettable film version of &quot;Bridges of  Madison County.&quot; On Hartman's other recordings, it seems as if his  producers could not decide whether he was the next Nat King Cole or was a  jazz balladeer. This is where he belongs. His luscious, resonant bass  (let's not kid ourselves, Hartman's got more of what it takes than a mere  baritone) is, on this record, particularly skillful and tremendously  expressive. Coletrane, likewise is wonderfully restrained for a point so  far along in his career, and McCoy Tyner and the rest provide a superb  backdrop.
B000002AT6|5.0|It is truly amazing what James Horner can do. He has proved it time and  time again and has become one of Hollywood's most sought out comnposer's -  &quot;Legends Of The Fall&quot; is just one of many of James Horner's best  with it's sweeping melodies and romantic songs to the action/suspense of  &quot;Samuel's Death&quot; to the amazingly sinister score of  &quot;Revenge&quot; if you are a fan of Horner or would like to get more  music from him through everything aside and begin with this one.
0345409671|2.0|I was very disappointed reading this book. In my opinion, the plot was a  veiled attempt to hide the true nature of the book, a place for Anne Rice  to put forth her own theological views. I dont read the Vampire Chronicles  for that reason. I read them to see what trouble Lestat is in this time.  Though the storyline to this book was good, it would have taken away half  the pages of the book if she had not put the theological theories. in
0446310786|5.0|I complained all day about reading the book.  Then a friend urged me to  continue saying &quot;It's a classic, you'll love it!&quot;  I did!  The  book captured my imagination as I read on, the characters seemed so real!   Now, I can't wait to begin my school year to see everyonelse's veiws on  this fabulous novel!
B000005K48|5.0|SpiceWorld is one of those rare CD's, where all the songs are great, not  just 3 of them! From the motown sound song &quot;Stop&quot; to the latin  style song &quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot; this CD provides an hour of music  worth listening to in a variety of sounds and styles! It's upbeat, and  enjoyable, and the Exclusive &quot;Step to Me&quot; song is superb!  As a  former critic of the Spice Girls, this CD definitly changed the way I view  them, as this album proves they actually have talent!
0670880728|2.0|After reading rave reviews of this book, I was very disappointed.  (Especially that I bought it in hardcover!!!) It reads like an article out  of &quot;Seventeen&quot; magazine. Who cares how many cigarettes she smoked  and how much weight she lost or gained....or lost....or gained....??? It  was funny in the beginning, but tedious as it went on....and on...and on.  If this book can get published than I should send my journals to Viking and  make a million bucks. My life is far more interesting. On the plus  side...there are some funny bits and the prose flows nicely.  I wasn't  bored reading it, but I can't say I was disappointed when I finished it.
0060926317|4.0|Mutant Message is, for me, in a category with several other books I have  deeply enjoyed. Books that have shed light into areas that can help us all  see a better way to live, a better way to be. I like that the spiritual  principles are shared in a story. Somehow it helps learning about people's  personal accounts, it gives faith, hope, and encouragement to others  learning the same truths. <br />I understand there's a great deal of  contraversy over the validity of Morgan's material and yet I chose to hear  her message and feel it is cooberated by other authors. If you read  &quot;Initiation&quot; by Jenkins and/or &quot;Entering the Circle&quot; by  Kharitidi, M.D. I think you'll understand the universality of what Marlo  Morgan shares. These stories are also about a woman who has a spiritual  adventure, and although one account takes place in South America, the other  in Russia and Morgan's in Australia they all have major consistancies that  lend support to each other, not to mention the reader. Enjoy them all with  an open heart and mind, and I hope you'll be sincerely blessed.
B000002ITG|4.0|I'm a Led Zepplin fanatic.  If you are interested in buying Zepplin's  music and don't have the cash to shell out for the 4 CD box set (or all the  individual studio allbums), then this is a must purchase.  The versality  and artistic abilities of the bands members are captured on  &quot;Remasters,&quot; and  the sound quality is superb.
6302424739|5.0|Do not avoid watching this because it might spoil the flavor of those  priceless books.  It is a more than satisfying interpretation of them.     END
1568495110|5.0|I have read the book, and have seen the movie. Both were excellent, but I  am more fond of the movie which supplies supurb visuals where the book   could not. The story is still one of the best in literature. I do not think  that the book induces violence. Just as the title suggests, humans are  &quot;clockwork oranges,&quot; wound up beyond their own ability; we will  run our courses no matter what is said or shown to us. Violent people are  born violent, there are no defenses. So, if someone wears boots, white  pants with suspenders, a bowler hat, and fake eyelashes while they commit  violent acts; well, then they were already missing a can or two from their  six pack. All in all, the book is great, and don't miss the movie.  &quot;Viddy well, my brother, viddy well.&quot;
6304240554|5.0|A pregnant repoter and her boyfriend who flies a helicopter take two swat  team agents and flee the zombie infested Pittsburg. They eventually come  upon an abandoned mall and take refuge in it. Everything is going fine  until a moter cycle gang comes and trys to take over the mall, which lets  in the zombies and all hell breaks loose. With Special effects that will  make you sick and nonstop action with likeable characters, this is truly  the best zombie movie of all time coming from noneother than George Romero,  the best horror movie director of all time.     END
0441003257|1.0|Neil Gaiman has written some spectacular comic books,  but this is awful.  A comedy that is painfully unfunny.PENNSYL
0451160916|5.0|Stephen King at his best is cheap, smug insight.  The Shining is no exception: alcoholism is exposed as a hidden, world-consuming monster.  It's one of King's best attempts to be &quot;literary&quot; -- many references to classic literature, very effective pacing, and a larger vocabulary than usual -- but many scenes tip his hand and the ending utterly destroys any success the book had achieved.<br />Stanley Kubrick's movie, only very loosely based on the book, is much more considerable, really raising lumps in the throat in some scenes.
0792151720|5.0|The vision and execution of Cameron's masterpiece has never been matched,  and probably never will be.     END
B000001EAQ|5.0|I loved this CD and I've been a U2 fan all my life.  The band is always  exploring new ideas and sounds, but never losing touch of Joshua Tree and  earlier rhythms evidenced by 'Please' and 'If God Will Send His Angels'.   'Do You Feel Loved' and 'Mofo' are pump-you-up, excitable tunes that remind  me of the energy provided by 'Sunday Bloody Sunday'.  A great album and  looking forward to the next.
1568495110|5.0|If there is one thing besides its content, it is the vocabulary the  characters use. Don't be discouraged. The book is one of the best pieces of  literature there is. A bright look at violence, government, and &quot;free  will.&quot; Unlike what most think, I believe that the 21st chapter does  contradict the flow of the book. Brilliant!! The movie, although not as  good as the book, is terrific with a splendid visual of Burgess' creation.
006016848X|1.0|If all you want to learn is how to tolerate the self-absorbed male you  live with, have at it!  Yet another in a long line of books designed to  convince females that it's okay if he's an oafish, selfish,  non-communicative fixture who believes the only needs that count are his  own.  So he's in his cave again?  Surely you can take care of all the  problems that crop up in a household, by yourself, because he needs his  cave-time.  Hog wash!  When women get equal cave-time, communication  problems will resolve themselves.  Meantime, don't waste your money on this  sexist tripe.
B000002UKS|4.0|&quot;Walking After You&quot;.  Love that song, love that music video  &amp; love that man from former Nirvana.  What more can I possibly say?  I  need my daily helpin' o' Footos, the Fresh Fighter, 2 get rid o' the tucker  aftertaste.  &quot;Big Me&quot;.
0792151712|5.0|Titantic is the high water mark in the history of movie making.  Kudos to  Cameron et. al. for  the masterpiece of a lifetime.     END
B0000025VI|4.0|To think that this is a first album, recorded in only two days, is  astounding!!  Stevie Ray Vaughan demonstrates a mastery of the guitar that  has stood well the test of time.<br />From one track to another, this is an  incredible collection.
B000002IZM|3.0|Ever since the release of the film in 1982, for reasons still unclear  (though the booklet for the OWM bootleg says it was a contractual dispute)  an official soundtrack was never released immediately, despite the end  credits showing &quot;Soundtrack available on PolyDor records and  tapes&quot;. The closest would be a bootleg cassette with terrible quality  which circulated  around Los Angeles in 1982. At last, 12 long years later  an official soundtrack was finally released to the prayer's of many  obsessed fan. This was probably promted by the private release of the  famous &quot;OWM-9301&quot; bootleg CD.<br />I bought the official CD in the  hope that I will be able to finally listen to all of the original flawless  score used in the film. I was disppointed. But then again I really didn't  get my hopes up too much. What really annoys me about soundtracks and  whoever is involved with it is that they NEVER include every single bit of  music in the film. They only give you some of it. I have never understood  this. Here, this CD gives you less than a third of all the music used in  the film which is a big disappointment because I believe the CD would have  sold just as well (if not better) if all the music were present. I really  don't understand why they complain about bootleg CD's being made when if  they realease all the music, Blade Runner bootlegs wouldn't exist. However,  die-hard fans have to go to the extent of buying an illegal product with  bad sound quality just to hear the rest of the unreleased music. (And even  still there is some of the music still unreleased whether or not you have  the bootleg.) That's why the OWM/Gongo bootleggers have made quite a bit of  money.<br />It was good Vangelis did put some effort into this soundtrack CD  but he put it in the wrong area. He didn't really need to re-compile them.  All the original music from his master tapes would have been perfect. While  &quot;Memories of Green&quot; is practically untouched, all the others have  either been altered or truncated in some way or another. Dialogue has also  been tagged on the start of a few songs which is an interesting idea but it  would have been better if they were kept seperate from the songs.<br />But the  CD does have some good points, of course. The music on the CD is still  quite similar to the original, despite what I have said above. The sound  quality is perfect. And the CD is extremely easy to get, no matter where in  the world you are. The booklet has some really good art - the cover is a  close-up of the poster used to promote the director's cut. The booklet  contains a photo of Vangelis and an introduction from him. The rest  contains brilliant photos from the film including the spinner approaching  the police station, Roy Batty behind a chessboard and a shot of a spinner  approaching the Tyrell Corp. Vangels also included the new songs  &quot;Blush Response&quot;, &quot;Wait For Me&quot;, &quot;Rachel's  Song&quot; and &quot;Damask Rose&quot; which I hear were intended to be  used in the film but never made the final cut. These songs are pretty  good.<br />It's extremely unlikely that Vangelis will ever release every scrap  of music from Blade Runner to public now that he has made this soundtrack.  More likely you'll find a bad quality extremely rare bootleg CD (I  guarantee there will be a few more of them) that contains something  slightly different from the official release. Needless to say, there will  never be a Blade Runner soundtrack that will fully satisfy everyone by  containing everything. You'd probably have to be a millionaire to  personally get the original tapes, or a copy anyway.<br />Overall, a  reasonable CD that a Blade Runner fan should definately buy. However, it  only contains less than a third of the whole score which is regretted by  many many people. So, if you want to hear the song at Taffey Lewis' bar  (which is one of my all-time favorites), for example, you'll be soarly  disappointed.
B00004THO3|1.0|I have over two thousand books and this is the only book Ihave ever bought that I could not read.  It was so sappy and stupid, it should be sold with a supply of Dramamine.  If the author is reading this--please refund my eighteen dollars.  I am fearful for a generation of women who feel that this book is the pinnacle of romance.
B0000057C5|4.0|Mein entertainment.  Rammstein is a GOOD band.  My fav songs R Sehnsuct,  Bestrafe Mich, Du Hast, Klavier, Alter Mann &amp; Eifersuct.  They  certainly Rn't Gott's Engels in Himmel playing harps... but if it wasn't  fierce, it wouldn't B Rammstein.  I think Rammstein's fannin' the coals o'  Industry &amp; startin' a real riot 2 spark flames, eh...?
B000001FDK|1.0|It isn't the same after two decades, this CD is insipid, boring and flat,  the only remarkable song is &quot;Summer Nights&quot;.
B000005JLX|5.0|It's rare to find a debut album that is thoroughly without flaw.  This is  the first I've come across, and none come to mind since, though I'm sure  they're out there.  Lloyd Cole is a provocative lyricist, with a sense of  humor and sarcasm like no other.<br />&quot;Rattlesnakes&quot; is the best of  Lloyd Cole, both with and without The Commotions.  However I do disagree  with the contention that his ego got in the way of further success.  Cole  writes from reality - life as he see's it.  We aren't always able to relate  or agree.  Listening to Cole's discs in the order they were released is a  journey through his life.  Unless you've lived in a vacuum, you've been  there too.
B000002J09|5.0|I consider this one the best record ever recorded. Jimmy P. and company  did a great job here, and Stairway to Heaven is elected to best song ever  year after year. (I heard it is on the air 1024 times a day world wide!!  And this is more than 25 years after it was recorded)<br />5 stars - not a  penny less.
044651652X|1.0|I have over two thousand books and this is the only book I have ever  bought that I could not read.  It was so sappy and stupid, it should be  sold with a supply of Dramamine.  If the author is reading this--please  refund  my eighteen dollars.  I am fearful for a generation of women who  feel that this book is the pinnacle of romance.
B000001Y42|5.0|This band is crazy and that is what makes them a hit.  It has some stanger  lyrics then most metal or rap and that is what makes them different.  The  are mostly heavy but at the right time they get softer and that is why are  so good.  A must buy for anyone who wants something different.
0782008372|2.0|Highlander is a great movie, and the Director's Cut only improved it. BUT,  the conversion to DVD is only half complete. The audio is incredible, one  of the best sounding movies I have heard through my sterio. The video on  the other hand looks more like early computer video that looks good in a  small window and bad in full screen. The video is always grainy and you can  actually see rectangular blocks of solid color in many scenes. Instead of  seeing a movie in over 500 lines of horizontal resolution, it often looks  like 100 thicker lines on parts of the screen. In watching the movie I  could almost get beyond the video quality, but it definitely detracted from  the movie.     END
0670880728|2.0|Anyone could have written this book, and most of  would have done it  better. This book is about an ordinary person doing ordinary things.  Those  who think this is a good book must have a boring life.
0393038912|5.0|Brings out the true definition of&quot; Conquest&quot; for various  reasons. The main reason being an inert need to  eat. You will be amazed at  the few controlling the masses  for unbelievable reasons It is well  understood  by those that have never been shot at.
0399143904|4.0|I have just finished reading Rainbow Six and Clancy has done it again.  As  an avid John Clark fan for years I couldn't wait for this one. And trust me  it was worth it.  The entire book very tactfully kept Jack ryan out and  focused on Rainbow and its team members.  The first chapter was a nice  tease as what would come throught the rest of the pages.  The only thing I  thought was weak was the ending.  Almost all of Clancy's books the ending  is pretty believable.  I don't really think the DCI would actually just let  Clark do what he did(Idon't want to give it away for others.).  But he did  let Clark take care of the bad guys and in a very unique way only Snake  could think of.  Other than that little thing I was thoroughly pleased in  this latest installment of Tom Clancy's books.  I definately reccommend  this book to anyone who likes to read Clancy.
0679442790|5.0|This is a novel that should be required reading for anybody who wants to  learn about the German side of the Holocoust.  Although the narrative  didn't quite flow at times, Mr. Schlink's moral considerations are worth  everything in the novel.  The end of the novel is perhaps the saddest I've  read in quite a long time, but it teaches a valuable lesson and brings some  hope.  It would be interesting to see a movie based on this novel.
B000002LUB|2.0|Imagine my excitement when I heard that Dio and Iommi (fastest guitar  player ever) had reunited to form the legendary band which had given us  &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot; and &quot;Mob Rule&quot;. Unfortunately this  album is far from reaching those peaks: Dio's voice has lost its power and  its warmth, and Iommi's speed has diluted into a gargle of noise. To  summarize it all: a huge disappointment!
B000000OSG|5.0|Use your Illusion II continues right where Use Your Illusion I left off.  Although it's not quite as good as UYI1, UYI2 expands upon and completes  what they were trying to do with the two albums. &quot;Estranged&quot;  alone justifies the cost of this album, but there are many more where that  came from.  --  8/13/98
B000002UDD|4.0|I like this album a lot even though they have done somewhat better albums.  Jeff Young is awesome on lead guitar, and there are a couple really  noteworthy songs. Those would be &quot;Set the World Afire&quot; and  &quot;In My Darkest Hour&quot;. The latter was written about the death of  former band mate in Metallica Cliff Burton's death, it is very good. No not  very good, awesome! The last song &quot;Hook In Mouth&quot; makes you  headbang so hard you almost snap your neck, this album rocks.
0440211727|5.0|After reading all of Grisham's novels, I have to admit that I think  &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; is certainly his best piece of work. It is  written with real feeling unlike his later novels which are prepared for  the big screen. It may not have the excitement  which his other novel  possessed but it is a story which evokes great empathy. A brilliant read,  pity Grisham doesn't write more of this style.
1573226521|5.0|Garland sculpts an instant classic around generation X themes and  concepts. This is the first book I have ever read that taps into the psyche  of my generation. After finishing the book, one cannot help but dissect the  levels of meaning he places over this tale.
B000000OSE|5.0|It's hard to imagine that Guns N' Roses could have improved after Appetite  for Destruction, but they did. While still having killer, straight-ahead  rock n' roll, this album (as well as Use Your Illusion II) brought them  into a much greater realm of musical possibility. Although Use Your  Illusion I is slightly better then II, both albums show the band was more  diverse and exposed their many different styles. This is because, in part,  Guns N' Roses (unlike most other bands) were never content to put out  another album that was like something they already did. After the success  of Appetite for Destruction, most bands would set out to make another one  just like it. Instead, Guns N' Roses was more concerned with growing and  expanding their horizons. In the end that is the mark of a truly great rock  n' roll band. -- 8/13/98
0385484518|4.0|I purchased this book while waiting for a plane at Cleveland Hopkins  Airport. I had spent the weekend visiting my grandfather who had been close  to death in the Intensive Care Unit on a ventilator for over a week.  &quot;Tuesday's With Morrie&quot; connected with me because it made me  realize dying was OK and that it really is a normal, natural and even  somwhat joyous part of our life experience here on earth. It seemed to me  that many of Morrie's views were the same as my grandfather's and this  helped me through my grieving process. This book is trully about the  important things in life.
B000005B0U|5.0|I just finished watching the movie Blues Brothers 2000, and have the CD as  well. WOW! The movie brought tears to my eyes seeing the FABULOUS Aretha  back, and Wilson Pickett and gang performing to a hilarious 634-5789!! And  what about Sam Moore and the Godfather?!?! The soundtrack is great and not  a disappointment at all for Blues Brothers fans. Sure, it's like any  &quot;greatest hits&quot; type thing -- many of the songs you'd love to  hear aren't there, but the ones that are there are fabulous! <br />Thank you,  Dan, for bringing this to us again.I'm sure those you dedicated this effort  to (Belushi, Calloway and Candy) would highly approve...and do. I could  tell that the muscians themselves were having a blast, and that's certainly  good enough for me! Thank you, thank you, thank you! I love my children (5  &amp; 8) growing up listening to this music.<br />Jimmie Vaughn, Lou Rawls,  Issac Hayes, Billy Preston, Grover Washington, Jr., Travis Tritt????  Alongside B.B. King, Bo Diddley, Dr. John, Koko Taylor, and on and on. It's  too much, really toooooooo much!! Who'dve thought!<br />BOTH video and audio  cd are a MUST!!
0767802659|2.0|This was an enjoyable fun movie. So why did I give it only 2 stars?<br />I  didn't read the Heinlein book, so I don't know whether it was he or the  movie folks that have such an abysmal lack of knowledge of strategy . Where  did they get their concept of war from, Alexander the Great? Here we are in  a major planetary war years into the future, and what is our grand  plan?<br />1. Don't bother to do any silly advance bombing like they did in  the US-Iraq war back in 1989.<br />2. Send the troops in without any air  cover.<br />3. Provide them with no mechanized support. Why bother with tanks  when you are emulating Alexander the Great.<br />4. All those monster ships  we sent. What did they contain? Just the couple hundred odd troops that  were landed?<br />5. Make sure that all your mighty warships  sit motionless,  well in range of the highly inflammatory &quot;bug spit&quot; that zaps  through the air.<br />6. Have your troops carry weapons that don't seem very  effective. Again don't have any tanks, missiles, rockets, etc. Just have  some fancy looking pop guns. You can use little missiles, but only  infrequently, and then up close where there is a good chance that you will  also blow up your own troops.<br />I'm not some indignant Lt. General. I  spent a measly 4 years in the Navy, and I like computer strategy games. But  as militarily unsophisticated as I am, I nearly pulled my hair out watching  these idiotic tactics. I'm sure glad that folks like Generals Guderian and  Rommel weren't around to see this. They would have apoplexy for sure.  END
B000000OQF|5.0|This album was exactly what mainstream rock needed in the late '80s: a  kick in the butt. This album brought back all the energy and vitality that  was missing from much of the '80s rock, particularly in the world of hard  rock. Although the legacy left by Guns N' Roses is somewhat questionable,  they deserve more credit for being a true rock n' roll band that wasn't  overly concerned with what people though they should do; we definitly need  more bands like this. Now it seems that mainstream rock needs another kick  in the pants. I wonder if anyone will do it this time.  -- 8/13/98
B000002GHH|4.0|I can't believe no one has reviewed this album yet.  John Hiatt is one of  our finest songwriters, and he's also one of the best at melding elements  of rock, country and blues into a wonderful sound.  Perhaps that's why he's  never reached a huge audience, because the radio and the record companies  can't 'pigeonhole' him.  His voice drips with heartfelt emotion on many of  these songs, but a sense of humor creeps in now and then, particularly on  the wonderful &quot;Memphis in the Meantime&quot;.  Country crooners could  learn something from &quot;Lipstick Sunset&quot;.  You've probably heard   Bonnie Raitt's cover of &quot;Thing Called Love&quot;, but Hiatt's original  is raw and fun.  Hiatt's backing band and the production are both superior  on this album.
B000000OMJ|5.0|In this, the third of Peter Gabriel's self-titled solo albums, it's hard  to tell which is better-the songs or the impressive list of people who  helped out, including such luminaries as Paul Weller of the Jam, Kate Bush,  Dave Gregory of XTC, Robert Fripp, and even old Genesis bandmate Phil  Collins.  The songs are simply outstanding, from the haunting opening track  &quot;Intruder,&quot; the disturbing &quot;Family Snapshot,&quot; (which  would serve as an excellent soundtrack to the Zapruder film of the Kennedy  assassination) to the ominous chilling final track &quot;Biko.&quot;  It's  quite an indication of the excellence of the songs that what (in my mind)  is the weakest song is the hit off the CD, &quot;Games Without  Frontiers.&quot;  Hints of Gabriel's future interest in world music can be  found in &quot;Biko,&quot; and that would be further enhanced in his next  album, &quot;Security&quot; in songs such as &quot;The Rhythm Of The  Heat.&quot;  It's a stunning CD, and rightly considered one of the  strongest releases of the '80's.
0060392584|5.0|I bought Mr. Manson's book because:  1.  I live in South Florida and  remember when they were a crappy little band playing in hotel clubs, 2.  I  sat next to(and had a crush on) Gidget Gein in high school, and 3.   although I don't care too much for his music, I have always thought that I  would like the man behind the persona of Marilyn Manson.  And you know  what?  I was right.  Marilyn Manson has got to be the most misunderstood  &quot;celebrity&quot; of the 90's.  He candidly tells story after story of  the humiliations of youth, not trying to win the reader's heart or corrupt  the reader's soul.  These are the facts, as told by a boy who was probably  too smart for his own good.  I found myself having way too much in common  with Mr. Manson, although that's not necessarily a bad thing.  He is the  product of Christian schooling, and makes sure the reader is aware.  I  don't doubt his credibility, and I whole heartedly recommend this book to  anyone who has been misunderstood and misled by their parents, school and  religious institutions.
B000000P17|5.0|I don't know why this album has such a bad rap. It wasn't supposed to be  anything special. Just something they had and decided to release for those  who wanted to hear it. It was intended to be something for the die hards to  listen to while they waited for the next real album. Anyone who tries to  compare this album to Appetite or UYI1&amp;2 is making a mistake. It is  more comparable to Lies. Nevertheless there are some instant classics on  this cd (Down on the Farm, Ain't it Fun, Black Leather, Attitude). Judged  as what it was and what it was intended to be (not what people wanted it to  be) this is a great album but probably for diehards only. -- 8/13/98
0399143904|1.0|Certainly not up to the standards of originality found in HFRO or Cardinal  of the Kremlin. Tom, you've already used a death virus against the  world.<br />On characters, Clark and company are not saints, the efforts to  make the characters more &quot;real&quot; comes across as contrived. The  only interesting character was Popov, because his greed and questioning  were real. He (Popov) would have figured out the dastardly plot about 200  pages  earlier. At least he got the gold in the end. <br />One other note Mr.  Clancy, I do not need to be told fifty times that all the dumb terrorists  are either dead or in jail, I got it after the first five.  Summary: I have  the distinct feeling that this book was a &quot;vehicle&quot; for a best  selling author to come out with another best seller. I wish the current  reviews had been posted before I bought the book. Re-read Cardinal of the  Kremlin for a good Clancy story. He knows how to do it, he needs to dig  deeper next time.,
B000002LCK|5.0|&quot;Substance&quot; is an excellent CD for two reasons.  First, it  serves as an outstanding introduction to New Order overall at the height of  their creative powers, and as such relieves the listener of having to  listen to their future releases &quot;Technique&quot; and  &quot;Republic.&quot;  Second, it serves as the definitive collection for  the true New Order fan,  and stands as their best release.  Of course, the  CDs &quot;Movement,&quot; &quot;Power, Corruption &amp; Lies&quot; and  &quot;Low-Life&quot; should be purchased.  Everything clicks on  &quot;Substance,&quot; from the moody &quot;Ceremony&quot; to VERY GOOD  remixes of &quot;Perfect Kiss&quot; and &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle&quot;  to the new cut, &quot;True Faith.&quot;  Unfortunately, the second CD,  which is mostly outtakes, B-sides and alternative takes, is mostly  forgettable--the only cut work listening to is &quot;Procession,&quot;  which is cut from the same cloth as &quot;Ceremony.&quot;  Even so, for  both the seasoned Joy Division/New Order fan or the new listener, this is  the ultimate.
B000002H97|5.0|The songs on this cd are so good.  The mixture of songs that the band  selected to go on this album are fantastic.  It's amazing.  Some of my  friends didn't like Metallica until they heard this album.  It will never  be surpassed.
0399143904|2.0|Geez, Everytime Clancy writes a new novel it seems things get more and  more the same.  He seems to take marvelous characters and cut the heart out  of them.  Then just to top everything off, he appears on the back of cover  looking like a fighter jock ready to launch off the Eisenhower.  Has he  perhaps become a &quot;wannabe?&quot;
B000001EHS|5.0|Great collection of Def Leppard's BEST! This one really rocks -- brings back some fabulous memories, too!
B000000OPU|5.0|Through the late 70's and 80's, Peter Gabriel's music continually got  better, and 1986's &quot;So&quot; is a true landmark.  Full of immense  firepower, it ranks as one of the best albums of that decade. You don't  just listen to it, you let yourself be swallowed up in &quot;Red  Rain&quot;, or marvel at the soulfulness in &quot;In Your Eyes,&quot; quite  possibly the best love song ever written (at least the deepest).  There's  not a dry spot anywhere.
0385121679|5.0|Jack Torrence is a recoverd alcoholic who accepts a job as the winter  caretaker of the Overlook hotel, thinking it will be the perfect  opportunity for him to recuperate and finish his play. While Jack and his  wife, Wendy, are relatively comfortable in the surroundings, their son  Danny has vague premonitions of an impending doom. Then both Wendy and  Danny begin to notice a bizarre change in Jack. He becomes more withdrawn,  his temper more volatile. And it is then that Danny realizes that the  demonic forces possessing the hotel are creeping closer by the  minute.<br />Stepehn King is good, but has never been better than in this,  what many consider to be his masterpiece. It is creepy, but more  importantly, somehow believable. You'll have goosebumps long after  finishing it.
0399143904|3.0|Rainbow Six started well, and had me engrossed for the first half of the  book.  But critical plot elements did not make sense, and the book simply  fell apart at the end of the middle.  Characters are not well developed,  and the ending silly.  All in all, not a strong effort from an author I  usually like.
B000003NA3|5.0|The last ten years have not been good to the jazz tradition. They have  been good to self-proclaimed revivalists who have gone through painstaking  efforts to &quot;preserve&quot; the tradition through very forensic  performances of predictable work. This release by Impuse! contradicts this  trend and these  performances at the Village Vanguard have returned 37  years later to remind us of something... and what better messenger than  John Coltrane? To say that Coltrane was not only a musician, but a man of  incomparable values, tireless dedication to himself and his art and  unparalelled imagination is an understatement. These recordings are  particularly important in that they are in the context of live performances  which are particularly demanding on the improvisor. There are no false  starts and no chance of correcting poor decisions. It is, in fact, this  &quot;risk factor&quot; that is so indigenous to the idiom, or at least  indigenous to works OF this idiom if they are to endure long enough to be  worth remebering. This release is all this and more. Coltrane with his  personell of musicians (each man in full posession of his mind, methods and  faculties needed to facilitate an individual voice within the collective  group) descend upon the music like a team of surgeons operating on a  patient and with the same degree of seriousness. There are complications  during the procedure and decisions are made swiftly with no looking back.  The group coheses to a level that is astounding. To hear 'Trane performing  live is to listen to a man wrestling with everything he is unable to  convey. He makes every note count. Particularly invigorating is the added  contribution of Eric Dolphy in the group. The projects on which 'Trane and  Dolphy collaborate are very sparse and not well documented, so it is with  great relief to hear these two distinct styles engage each other on these  recordings. These concerts personify everything that jazz should be:  intelligent, unselfconcious, dynamic, personal, vigilant, rigorous,  demanding, inventive, unpredictable and unsettling. Very few recordings in  recent mainstream jazz could have the same said of them. These recordings  document a music that was as much then as it is now (37 years after the  fact) unconventional. This fact not only attests to Coltrane's   perseverence, tenacity and genius as a musician, but it also discredits us  as listeners in our inability to be inspired by it. Playing of such  ingenuity has dwindled and we have produced far too few musicians fit for  the task of carrying this torch rather than observing it through the glass  in which the curators have encased it. If these recordings tell us  anything, it's this: If you aren't moving forward, you're not preserving  the tradition... you are raping it.
B000000OPU|5.0|&quot;So&quot; is packed full of sheer firepower that shines in several  different ways; &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, the intense &quot;Red Rain&quot;,  the gorgeous &quot;In Your Eyes&quot;.  From start to finish is a truly  remarkable achievement that stands as one of the best albums of the 80's  and one of his finest moments.  &quot;So&quot; and &quot;Us&quot; tie as  his best work, and are must-haves for any collection.
B000000H5J|5.0|this is one of the only bands that i know of that incorporates harmonics  and screaming intense vocals into one song.  they go from hard thrashing  speed metal and industrial to slow and soothing guitars and other sounds..  definitely worth buying.
B000002TP7|1.0|This cd is a rip off I bought it on sale for $8.99, and it was still too  much.  Sabatoge is a great song, and that is about it for this cd.  Since  Licensed to ILL each album has gotten a little worse.  Hello Nasty (I heard  at a friends) is worth a half star.  Maybe the band sucks now, or has too  many activities to make good music.
0345315227|1.0|First, I loved 2001 and 2010, I tolerated 2061.  It was with great  anticipation that I picked up 3001.  What a major disappointment.  There is  very little plot and even the major characters were two-dimentional.  I  actually went back and read the &quot;novel&quot; a second time several  months later hoping against hope that I had missed something the first  time.  It was even worse the second time around.  I thought the ending of  Independance Day was lame and here's the same basic idea, even though ACC  claims to have not seen the movie the whole virus thing reminded me of the  virus hoaxes that appear on the 'Net way too often.  The whole  Starchild/Halman theme seems to have been cheerfully tossed over the side  and whatever happened to Floyd?  I can go on and on but why bother?  &lt;sigh&gt;
B000002VCB|3.0|First things first: I'm sort of a die-hard APP fan, but knowing all of  their albums, I can only say that this is their worst one.  Granted:  'Basically, it's about women' (Alan ParsonS), and the songs' lyrics may  bring back memories in us all about relationships, love, sex etc. Be that  as it may, but what about the music ?!?  Let's see...<br />'Lucifer' is  technically a very good track, which is known to quite a number of people.  But emotionally, this song is cold. In my eyes it fails to express feelings  and emotions. Any good song should do that,whatever these feelings and  emotions might be (sadness, excitement, grief, love, hope etc., to name but  a few). But nothing of this is expressed in this track. It is merely a  ..well.. nice piece of music which might serve as an example of Alan  Parsons' abilities as a producer, but beyond that it might only be used as  the theme song for some political TV-show (which, coincidentally, it  was).<br />This lack of emotions is the main problem of the whole album which  appears to have been only published for commercial reasons, especially  'Don't hold back'.  There are but few exceptions:<br />'You won't be there' is  again a very nice track, but it has a fine melody. <br />'Winding me up'  (vocalist Chris Rainbow's first appearance on an APP album) partly has a  'baroque-like' feel to it and is cleverly arranged, combining classical  elements with progressive rock.<br />And, of course, 'If I could change your  mind.' Singer Lesley Duncan here gives us simply the best vocal performance  of the whole album.<br />Wrapping up: 3 acceptable out of 9  tracks is a bit  weak for someone used to the qualities of Parsons/Woolfson. After the first  3 albums, which were great, this album could't match APP's high standard at  all. Lucky for us all, APP never again released an album of such a low  quality. (Excepting perhaps 'Stereotomy', which ist't great either, but  still slightly ahead of this one.) Once you have come across any of the  other APP/AP albums, you won't listen to this one a lot.
B000003N7G|5.0|Please disregard any comment you read on this piece of music, and listen  for your own sake.
0060168366|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyable. All thats left now is for Ken Burns to make a film  out of it. Must reading for every american.
0399143904|5.0|A breathtaking story, well written- vintage Clancy. His depth of character  development and continuity across momentus novels is as if you are catching  up on the lives of old friends and new. A true page turner- I regret  finishing it so quckly. An addictive imaginative drug- well done!!
B0000025HU|5.0|Even though I am from the era when this album was relesed, I did not  purchase it until about ten years after its release date.  It has cost me a  lot of money, as I have purchased many Clash CD's and other CD'd by groups  recommended via the &quot;if you liked London Calling you will love  this&quot; route.  As I have found, even the other Clash CD's have fell  well short of London Calling.  In fact,  if I were only to be allowed 5 or  10 CD's to take to a desert island (out of the 300 I own and listen to)  this would be one of them, and probably the only one from the  punk/alternative music grouping.  It is an album to listen to hundreds of  times, and listen to some more.  I only wish I had a couple more albums I  could feel this passionate about.  Doesn't everyone?
0394401786|5.0|With the help of this book, I taught myself to cook using the basic French  cooking instructions in the book. Thirty some years later, after two-year's  work/study in a small (then non-accredited) cooking school, I still refer  to it. I refer to it for many reasons, least of which is to jog my memory.  My ancient copy (circa 1960?) is coming apart at the binding, so I need to  replace it. This book is inspiration!
0812550706|5.0|Let's face it, Ender's Game isn't Gatsby, nor is Card Fitzgerald.   However, what he is, and what this book is, is a carefully and craftily  written look at much more than simply one smart little boy.  It is  mysterious and suspensful while simultaneously sad.  Whether advertantly or  in advertantly  Card makes a statement on war itself and proves that Sci-Fi  can be both poignant and introspective, without being overly didactic.   E.G. will prove to be timeless in the realm of Science Fiction.
B0000046MM|5.0|Paco de Lucia is certainly Spain's top Flamenco guitarist, and &quot;Entre  dos aguas&quot; is arguably his best album.  If you're really looking for  Nouveau Flamenco, this is where it all started!  The artist combines  Spanish guitar and traditional flamenco rhythms with the piano, percussion,  flute, and jazz rhythms to produce a spectacular effort.  Start with  &quot;Entre dos aguas,&quot; the title song and one of his all-time best  cuts.  Paco de Lucia feels and interprets flamenco in a highly personal,  yet accessible, style.  Album's best cuts:  Title track,  &quot;Convite,&quot; &quot;Chanela,&quot; &quot;Rio ancho,&quot; but the  entire CD is first-rate!!
0688158129|5.0|this book was recommended to me by a valued penpal.  it was my first  introduction to jodi picoult and, i am pleased to say, will not be my last.    kudos for a finely-wrought tale whose many themes are handled with  panache and a skill that borders on the frightening.
B000003TAR|5.0|Some people say this album is very radio-unfriendly but I would have to  disagree. What about songs like Rape Me, Heart Shaped Box, and All  Apologies? Their beautiful. I definatly think it should have done better on  the charts than it did. It has some of the best songs Nirvana's ever  written.
B000002H97|5.0|metallica is absolutely the best muscisians ever  and this is their best  cd.my favorite songs are enter sandman and the unforgiven.if for some sort  of reason you do not have this cd then you have made a major mistake and  you need to go out and buy this cd immediately.
B000000WA4|4.0|This CD has alot of filler in it but songs like Bullet  With Butterfly  Wings, 1979, Zero, and We Only Come Out At Night are so amazing they almost  make up for the other 24 songs. Not that I don't have nice things to say  about those songs. The lyrics are the best I've ever heard and they show  you what an amazing poet Billy is. I really can't describe how compelling  and thought provoking the lyrics are. The Pumpkins, particularly Billy's,  talent will definatly go unsurpassed and I truly wish I could have given  this album 5 stars.
B000002IZ4|4.0|stp has lots of great songs but the one that is the head of the class is  lounge fly.vasoline,meatplow, and pretty penny are also very good.i  personally think that they should have made some more cd's before they  broke up.they were one of the best groups of our time.you should get this  cd before you do  anything else if you don't already have it.
B000003TA4|5.0|The only reason some people don't like this album is simply because they  are entirely sick of it and Nirvana in general. Sure the lyrics may have  been simple and written just before the songs were recorded but they are  very audobiographal despite the fact that Kurt insisted they didn't mean  anything. Kurt didn't want millions of screaming fans. He didn't want  everyone in Seattle to hate him and call him a sellout. He just wanted to  write music. This album has made my top 10 list of greatest albums ever and  for good reason. Dave Grohl is an excellent drummer. He attacks the drum  set in a way no one else could. Just listen to In Bloom and you'll see what  I mean. Kurts thundering guitars and sarcastic screams have yet to be  matched. Krist's bass on Come As You Are make the song what it is. There  will never be another band as good as Nirvana.
B00000264Y|4.0|I don't know who chose the songs for this CD collection, but I don't agree  at all. At least two songs must be in this collection, &quot;Honesty&quot;  and &quot;James&quot;, the CDs have enough time-space for this songs (and  two more), but don't includes this or another BEST songs of BJ.  This  double CD, plus the vol 3, are good (only GOOD), but you need to buy too  the &quot;Turnstyles&quot;, &quot;52th Street&quot; and &quot;Songs from  the attic&quot;, if you want to have a better collection. I hope that the  Vol. 4 will have this and another real GREATEST, besides the on-time BJ's  hits (be wise, BJ's Record Company !).
0399143904|3.0|Clancy as always gives us good solid action and the characterization of  Clarke is good. (Warning I give a bit of the plot away here) Where this  book falls down is one too many times to the same villanous technique using  the same virus as in the last book. And his chacterization of ecologists as  the bad guys left me with my belief unsuspended. As an action tour de force  this is quite good so long as you do not stop and think about the premise.  Hope the next Jack Ryan book is better.
0394586077|5.0|The Dragonlance Chronicles series is the best set of books that I have  ever read in my life.  The story is fantastic and the characters are very  interesting.  The story is well written an if you ever have the chance to  read it you wont be able to put them down.  Since I read the Trilogy I have   read over 40 Dragonlance novels.
0812550706|5.0|My copy of &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is totally worn out because I gave  this book away so many times, and everyone agreed that this book is one of  the best. I also suggest to only read this book with an alarm watch set  because you cannot stop. I keep telling people the (true) story that I  stood inside my room, just flipping to the pages again and immediately got  hooked even though I had read it before: I only noticed that I was reading  it again for more than 3 hours when it got dark outside and I couldn't see  anything anymore. Read it, whether you like SciFi or not - this is own of  the best.
B000007ODM|5.0|Have not yet found a CD more inspiring, captivating, soothing &amp;  haunting than Era.  Good mixture of Enigma, Gorecki, and those Benedictine  Monks.  To me, one of the best well-kept secrets of this kind, and  impossible to find in London.  A CD you play all night ...
0399143904|3.0|Much of the action in the story is great. The plotline goes from weak to  weaker. The idea that the CIA would not even consult the President  (especially Jack Ryan) before going to Brazil is pretty hard to believe. We  are also told that Rainbow Six is a NATO organization then  &quot;presto&quot; the CIA is giving the orders? An American AWACS plane is  flying around in Brazil and nobody notices? This kind of sloppy work has  not been part of a Clancy novel in the past. If I had to guess I would say  that the people who usually read his books before publishing did not do it  this time. This looks like hot off the press without editing. Not a good  move. I have read, and reread every previous Clancy novel in hardback. This  novel I cannot give an unqualified recommendation to and will probably not  read again.
B000000W6F|5.0|In all fairness though, this is still an excellent accomplishment from  Billy Corgan and company. Yes, it is more guitar heavy than Siamese Dream,  Mellon Collie, or Adore (Pisces Iscariot I didn't include because that  covers all of the b-sides from Gish and Siamese Dream, therefore it isn't a  good album to be used as a measure), but consider that all of their live  shows are just like Gish in their raw guitar power, and when Gish was  recorded the Smashing Pumpkins were still a relatively new band who only  had experience on stage, not in the recording studio. I Am One, Siva, Bury  Me, and Tristessa will get your speakers booming with their grinding  rythms, while Suffer and Daydream seem to around the room on a wave of soft  melodies. One cannot count out Rhinoceros though, for this one song  captures the best of both types of SP songs. So, to pumpkins fans new and  old who don't have this album, buy it for it's sheer artistry at a time  when Nirvana and the &quot;grunge&quot; sound ruled the airwaves, but more  so, buy it because it still stands out as a great accomplishment from the  Smashing Pumpkins
0671867369|5.0|This remarkable book about Dick Winters and his men in Easy Company began  when Stephen Ambrose, in doing research for his later book D Day, stumbled  across Winters' files.  Easy Company's narratives were so great, Ambrose  stopped to write this book before going on to D Day and Citizen  Soldiers--all great books in themselves.<br />Readers of this book will find  many potential sources for the characters and action found in Spielberg's  Private Ryan.  All who liked the movie should read it.<br />It was significant  and appropriate that Ambrose had Spielberg invite Dick Winters to the west  coast premier of the motion picture.<br />It is also significant that Dick  Winters still lectures on leadership at such eminent places as West Point  and USMC Headquarters at Quantico, VA.<br />Without doubt, Band of Brothers  will find its honored place in the archives of great war literature beside  Red Badge of Courage and Grant's Memoirs.
0767802470|5.0|People have heard of this movie, but most have not seen it. Buy it, its  well worth it....I don't see why petersons others (American, granted) films  were not nearly as good. The soundtrack and some of the audio really sucks  though...the drama and in ship scenes make up for it!  END
0792151712|2.0|This is one of the most visually stunning movies ever made, with the  mega-bucks being put to good use and the sepia film enhances the experience  incredibly. Unfortunately, no matter how much money was spent on, or was  generated at the box office by this movie, this movie is merely the most  extravagant Mills &amp; Boon adaptation ever.  This movie is written at a  primal level: To appeal to the 'dumb' public who want style over content.  This movie is about as historically accurate as the Flintstones (the number  of people trying to take the film makers to court for misrepresenting loved  ones is proof enough), and I doubt many women at the time would have said  &quot;F**K&quot; in front of society, or used the middle finger salute.   Despite the awful script, it is beautifully made, and lives up to James  Cameron's original pitch of &quot;..Romeo and Juliet on a boat..&quot;  except without the intelligence of course. The acting is first class  (despite the 1 dimensional characters) especially DiCaprio - who deserves a  bit of Hollywood fame.  All said and done, this movie is above average,  though not quite worth 11 Oscars. It's like a Beverly Hills Girl - pretty,  stupid, with far too much money spent on her.     END
B000002NJS|5.0|First Madonna CD I EVER bought - Wow!!! I have listened to this over and  over again... great beat, sexy, grabs you on the inside.  Go for it!
B000005HNQ|4.0|If you are a fan of Mandylion, Nighttime Birds should please you just as  much.  Some of the track are more delicate and less rockish than  Mandylions, but after a few listens, you'll be cranking up the slower tunes  as well as the rest.  As always, you'll be moved by the perfect blend of  excellent feminine vocals and melodic guitars.  If you're a guitar riff  fan, you'll find some of those too.  I can't say I dislike any track on  this whole CD.  Both Nighttime and Mandylion can be listened to the whole  way through for complete enjoyment.  Since I received both CDs (from  Amazon!) a few weeks ago, they haven't left my CD player.
1573220485|5.0|I've just finished The Beach after spending a quiet weekend in a cottage  in the rain. The book gripped me from start to finish and despite several  surreal moments, the book really did transport me to another world. One of  the most absorbing books I've read for a long time.
B000000H5J|5.0|Fear Factory's first release was mostly 'death metal'-ish, but  Demanufacture combines some eerie background elements and non-aggressive  vocals to bring Fear Factory's sound to a new level.  At first, it seems  like any other harsh, metal CD, but then the melodic backdrops of guitar  and synth kick in, and Burton's voice transforms from a growl into an errie  and haunting chorus which just sounds so right.  My favorite tracks are  P*sschrist and Replica.  Replica is a simple, fast-paced, yet haunting and  in-your-face track of heavy beats and guitar riffs, and the other contains  a truly haunting mood.  Fear Factory uses mostly computers to mix and add  flavor to their music and I would say they have a good grasp of direction.   I had only heard a few tracks before buying it, but now I crank them all.   It's nice to hear something new in metal these days, not just a riff and a  chorus.  FF have just about reached ascension: the future of metal.  I rank  them up there with Voivod for originality.
B000001FRY|3.0|I would strongly recomend this CD to anyone who is such a diehard U2 fan  such as myself. Although it does not have the catchy tunes like &quot;with  or without you&quot; or &quot;pride&quot; it shows where the band started  from and how they manage to change their sound with each new album.
B000001EMW|4.0|This is truly a unique experience.  Yes, these guys really ARE playing  heavy-riffed Metallica on cellos!  It's actually VERY COOL.  If you are a  fan of strings in any form (violin, guitar, etc) you will appreciate the  skill and sound of this CD.  I found it truly amazing in some tracks,  especially Creeping Death, that it sounded so true, as if the original  tracks were composed this way.  It's a treat and worthy of loud volumes!
B000003CKH|5.0|This CD crosses all genres making it one of my favorites.  If you are like  me and love all kinds of music, it will probably be one of your favorite  CD's also.  The lead singer has an everyman voice. In every song he says  &quot;all right&quot;, which is makes you laugh. The songs are funny but  this band is for real.New CD in 98 baby
B000001EGA|5.0|Great verve, wit and belief in every bar:  It's Elton and Bernie joined at  the hip! Here's one of those times in music when the right hand DOES know  what the left hand is doing.  I never get tired of hearing &quot;Bitter  Fingers&quot;, &quot;We All Fall in Love Sometimes&quot;, &quot;Meal  Ticket&quot;...wonderful.
0399128964|5.0|This is a must read;  it is complex, it does mix action, policital theory,  romance, and about a thousand other things, but without a doubt this is one  of the most intelligent, original visions of this century.  It's been a  favorite of mine since I first read it.  Be warned- those with a very short  attention span might lose interest due to the complexity of the plot- but  it's worth your time an money to buy this one now.
B000002ORU|5.0|This box set is essential for all Who fans.
0897500482|5.0|The Tao of Jeet Kune Do is a fascinating and informative book;  it should  be required reading for all serious martial artists.  Partially technique  and partially martial philosophy, _Tao_ gives the thinking Artist much to  mull over. <br />Note, however, that this book is NOT for small children- a  little to sophisticated- but if you think you or someone you know would  understand it, buy it now.
1558908455|4.0|The 90's version of the old Abbott &amp; Costello flicks, where the  &quot;heroes&quot; meet Dracula, Frankenstein et al.  This film parodies  not only the horror genre, but the the more recent crime movies featuring  sociopath hipsters, a la Tarantino and Stone.  Not surprising that this one  was written by Tarantino, supposedly his first screenplay.  Cast (Clooney,  Keitel, Lewis, Tarantino, Hayek, Cheech . . .), directing (Rodriguez)  screenplay and action are all great, and the film laughs at itself  throughout.  If you don't laugh too, you're probably missing the point.     END
B000001FOS|5.0|Most of you know Yngwie as the infamous speed-demon jerk dude he is  portrayed as in publications such as Guitar World. While the style of music  he likes to be known for is defined by Rising Force and Trilogy, Odyssey  gets my vote for being his best overall record. He sacrifices none of his  trademark shredding, dizzying speed-picking, and mesmerising  sweep-arpeggios, and still manages to make some incredibly catchy and  effective rock songs (ie: Deja Vu, Riot in the Dungeons, Rising Force). The  presence of three instrumentals keeps his Rising Force advocates from  accusing him of selling out. (Yngwie sell out... not likely.)<br />If I  remember correctly, this is Yngwie's first association with the former  bandmates of his hero Richie Blackmore. Joe Lynn Turner writes all the  lyrics and handles the vocals on this record and performs on the Live in  Leningrad disc. <br />If you like the musicianship on Rising Force and the  songwriting in Trilogy, you owe it to yourself  to get this album. But by  all means, avoid Eclipse!!
0026009102|4.0|Doesn't it say something about a book that is as  loved and loathed as  this one. Read it and  form your own opinion.
0399143904|1.0|Clancy has gone over the edge with this book. He clearly lives in a  fantasy world where all the military guys are &quot;eagle scouts&quot; and  never have a selfish thought. All the bad guys are evil and there is no  gray. And the good guys do no wrong. (Note the military has just paid out  millions in settlement for a Marine killing a civilian in the USA during a  drug interdiction action. They made a mistake. This is why the military is  prevented from police action in this country.)<br />Clancy also comes down  hard on the environmental movement taking the reactionary's spin on the  Unibomber to bizzare lengths. It is clear that Clancy is singing to his  choir, the rabid right and those profiting from military and security  funding. He further foments the terrorism fears, justifying a near complete  elimination of the Bill of Rights. This kind of propoganda is pure  silliness, except many will alter their world view to conform with it, and  ignore the real world. Clancy's books are deeply lacking in depth: everyone  is either heroic or evil and all problems get solved with technology (which  is never abused) and bullets (which never make mistakes). It is sad and  unfortunate that this kind of fantasy is not put where it belongs: nailed  to a Texas outhouse wall.<br />Three thumbs down, way down!
0679735909|5.0|Intricate, beautifully written tale of romance and mystery.  After you  wade past the first 100 pages, it's difficult to put down.  An amazing work  when you consider that the writer had to recreate the works of 2 fictional  romantic poets (one male, one female), and then weave their story into the  storyline set in present day.  And the payoff at the end is certainly worth  it -- it had me in tears!
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy has written a hard cover version of his Op Center series.  He  uses his familiar characters but does not develop any new plot ideas.  He  borrows the Ebola virus from his previous book and  sets Clark in an Op  Center look alike.  It looks like this genre may have run it's couse.
0399143904|2.0|I really didn't want to be disappointed with this one.  Clancy's fame is  well earned after penning such winners as Red Storm Rising and The Hunt for  Red October.  So, setting aside the multitude of grammatical and spelling  errors, what's the explanation for the redundant descriptive phrases and  shallow dialogue that riddle this story like rounds from an MP-10?   Furthermore, I couldn't get past the basic fallacy of the plot, which was  that no evil scheme of such cosmic proportions as this one could plausibly  escape the notice of the general public.  And how about the families of all  those Project members?  Finally, as if Clark's punishment of the  environmentalists wasn't enough, Clancy wastes a good portion of our  woodland resources in pages and pages of empty writing which don't provide  the readers or the characters with anything useful.  If this had been a  movie, I would have waited for the VHS version....
B000000WFU|5.0|Relive the day- kick off the shoes- a couple deep sighs...and Sanctuary.   Touch your mind and spirit through your senses- close your eyes, open your  ears ,listen and imagine where you'd like to be...let this music speak to  you and take you there - it's not impossible - with this music, it's within  your reach! Take another deep breath -  and believe - because believe me -  for these brief moments in time - you were there.  Amazing music!
B000002BUY|5.0|Take a basic guitar band, add some bizarre instruments, a beat that makes  the most naive person get up and jump, and a huge variety of songs, and  you'll get INCUBUS. It's like a mixture of 311 and rage against the  machine. Except way better.
1563523302|4.0|The book was good, however it talked too much about the extremes of being  either a PAW OR a UAW.  They'll probably write another book about being a  AAW.
B000006045|5.0|Certainly one of the best records of 1998.  Massive Attack have created a  dark piece of work with intense sonic depth.  Headphone listening is  mandatory!  The vocals from Cocteau Twins' Liz Fraser on three tracks are  stunning as are those from Horace Andy and the rest of the vocalists.
0446364495|5.0|I have spent the past half hour reading the posted reviews of this book.   I'm not all that surprised that there are so many negative reviews.  The  book is slow and appears to be specifically targeted to the romantic - the  Harlequin romance readers, the lonesome housewife.  However, I am none of  those things.  It took me several months to finish reading the book.  A  friend gave it to me, and I just couldn't get interested in it. However,  when I finally got into the middle of it, I couldn't put it down.  The book  is a reflection of the type of romance that every woman dreams of. It  starts out slow and builds to something so powerful that you dont realize  the scope of it until it's gone (or until after you read the book).  I  think that the problem most people have when they give it negative reviews  is that they impose their realities on it.  Lighten up!  Enjoy the fantasy!   Let go and have fun!  This book took me out of my stuffy world and freed  my sense of adventure and fantasy.  (and just for you hohummers out there -  four years after I read the book, I did have an experience similar to the  one in the story...So, earthshattering romances do happen!)   This book is  for the senses, not the mind.  So, don't think, just read.  You'll have a  wonderful time!
B000005C1B|5.0|So, I'm sittin here flipping the channels after having a loooong day and I  came upon the video performance of the same name on PBS.  I enjoyed it so  much - with a fresh smile on my face - that I instantly jumped on the  computer and ordered the CD thinking &quot;Ugh!! Since I didn't video tape  it I must have it on CD.&quot; If you have any penchant for classic rock  with a fresh western twang full of energy - You have got to get this.
0915811774|5.0|Here is a jewel of a book that takes the wisdom of the ages and puts it  into terms that fit our contemporary mind and culture. Soul Love lifts you  out of ordinary human love into a finer frequency of love--one that is wise  as well as compassionate. This Love that streams forth from the soul is a  living presence of wisdom and intelligence. <br />The author shows you how to  look at yourself through the soul's eyes and see the beauty of your being.  You practice lifting the love from your solar plexus to your heart center  so that your love can be transformed. Gradually, you realize that you are  connecting with the universal Presence of Love. <BR><br /> Straightforward  step-by-step practices help you to make these transformations that change  your everyday experiences. As you work with these goals, you can join in a  call to the Great Ones and ask for love to be sent to awaken the heart  center of humanity!<br />Soul Love is an invitation to make profound shifts in  your life, in your relationships, and the way you think. It is for everyone  who is ready to do the inner work it takes to create a magnetic life. <br />I  highly recommend this book to those of you who feel an inner call to bring  soul love into your life and become a shining light for others--an  invitation that few could refuse!
0399143904|3.0|Not one of Clancy's best. The plot is like something out of a 60's bond  movie and the writing lacks his usual depth. Wait for it to come out in  paperback.
0399143904|5.0|Just finished it.  I couldn't put it down!  I found the ending very  satisfying.
B000002KOQ|5.0|More than any album, LADIES OF THE CANYON symbolizes what was essentially  right about relationships and dreams in the just-barely idealistic sixties  and early seventies.  Such optimism and appreciation of beauty on its own  terms is scarcely visible today, certainly very little of it surfaces in  music.  Cynicism and individual 'freedoms' at the cost of devotion and  sacrifice have replaced them.  Joni Mitchell undertands those sacrifices  and the uncertainties that true love can foist on its chosen.  This is  perhaps the last album of hers that is still on the side of optimism; BLUE,  though a towering artistic achievement, is inarguably darker and more  guarded.  The song, HE PLAYED REAL GOOD FOR FREE, which has kept evolving  through the years, is a beautiful tribute to the ongoing battle of art vs  commerce and fame; of the true joys of creating against the practical  'wisdom' of everyday life.  Every song is a complete, beautifully etched  portrait of a time or place that evokes images of the California of the  sixties that one can only understand through personal experience.  I, for  one, am glad someone as brilliant and compassionate as Ms Mitchell was  there to immortalize it.
0451167716|5.0|I was totally clueless when it came to the subject of &quot;The  Godfather&quot; up until about one week ago. I had never seen the movies,  though, truth be known, I always wanted to. I had never read the book, but  it was one of my mother's favorites. Now, a week later, I have veiwed our  copies of &quot;The Godfather&quot;, parts I and II, at least 5 times each,  and rented (and saw) part III. A day ago I took a walk down to the local  used book store and bought the last copy they had of the book, a crappy  second hand copy of &quot;The Godfather&quot;, printed somewhere around  1971 (A book almost exactly twice as old as me) theat was all but falling  apart in my hands. Today, I finished the book and am going at it for a  second time. I found it informative, but don't take that the wrong way.  Some people say &quot;it was informative&quot; as a way of saying &quot;it  was as boring as anything&quot; less bluntly. But I don't mean it that way  at all. What I mean is that it told more about the MAFIA than any other  book I have ever read. And it was very, VERY interesting. I was captivated  by it. If it weren't interesting, why would I read it twice? I am Italian  and, at one time, some of my family had been involved with the Cosa Nostra.  Not the whole family, but a few people. And so, for my thirteen years, I  have been very interested in organized crime and the likes. I read history  books to learn about it, but I did not expect to get so much information  from a novel as I did from The Godfather. I got this book to read for  pleasure, not for more info. I read it for the plotand I got much more than  I expected. Well written, exciting, informative (did I mention that) and  overall the most enjoyable book I ever read.
0783227434|5.0|Fans of the current Hercules/Xena genre should look into this somehwat  older classic by Sam Raimi starring Bruce Campbell (Cameo by Ted Raimi).  Loosely following the evil dead series (this is part 3), this movies pits  our hero Ash fighting the deadites in medieval times while looking for a  way back to his own time.<br />Bruce Campbell is flawless in playing the  swashbuckling hero Ash, adding a new dimension to the word tough while  defining a new meaning for egotistical. <br />Effects are somewhat cheesy, but  its a B movie style. A must for my collection. In one word  :<br />&quot;GROOVY&quot;     END
B000002X2B|5.0|This is it...I'm not sure I could choose another that so clearly  exemplifies the San Francisco sound of the early '70s. Most of the players  had gone through so much by this time...musically and otherwise...that they  seem to have actually known what they were doing in the studio. My favorite  sonic moments in life are from &quot;Home&quot; through  &quot;Starship.&quot; &quot;Have You Seen the Stars Tonight&quot; is an  anthem to what tripping and music are all about. If you had to buy one  album that said all original psychedelic music was trying to say, this is  it! Buy it. Buy it for a friend too...
0399143904|5.0|I'd say this is a jolly ripping read. I was frightfully caught up in it.  To some reviewers below who bemoan the right wing attitude in the book: The  vast majority of writers of all stripes are left wing. So when a right  winger gains an audience, I don't think one should knock him for using it  to his advantage. So indulge the old chap, because Clancy more than  fulfills his part of the page-turning bargain; it's the best page turning  read since Michael Crichton's AIRFRAME and Craig Furnas's THE SHAPE, and  RAINBOW SIX has quite a bit of facts of the world in it, so one learns  while being entertained. I am curious, since Willem Defoe played John Clark  in the movie version of &quot;Clear and Present Danger,&quot; will he play  Clark should a movie be made of RAINBOW SIX (or NO REMORSE, for that  matter, another one where he was the lead character rather than Jack Ryan)?  I hope so. Any movie producers reading this, cast Defoe as Clark again. He  was great in C.A.P.D.
B00000099Y|5.0|If you liked Undertow than you will definately love Aenima. It is just one  awesome song after another.
B000002KP3|5.0|T Rex is one of those bands that most folks have had but a brief, casual  acquaintance with.  Almost everyone is familiar with 'Bang A Gong' (on this  LP); a percentage will know 'Jeepster'; but the rest of their catalogue  remains largely obscure.<br />However, T Rex was a band that influenced a  great deal of the music that evolved over the years.  In that way, I'd  liken them to the Velvet Underground.  Most people who went out and bought  a few of their LPs formed bands influenced by them.  And the public bought  THOSE bands' albums, since they got the airplay.<br />Electric Warrior stands  out as (in most opinions) T Rex's best work.  It has a uniform flow and was  mixed superbly.  One isn't tempted to skip over a single track upon  listening.  The lyrics are rudely enticing; the music is classic roots o'  glam.  Classic in the way Ziggy Stardust was.<br />Buy it; listen to it; and  try to resist the temptation to raise the volume when 'Rip Off' comes on.
0140862455|5.0|I read (heard--on audiocassette) this book after seeing the film.  I loved  them both.  Jane Austen shows how intricate and complicated even the  plainest of lives can be.  I was especially moved by the beautiful use of  language--sentiment was so well expressed.  Julie Christie's narration was  terrific, so full of expression.  Her renditions of the different  characters, both male and female, were unique and very well done.  As an  audiobook enthusiast, I appreciate, and depend upon, a good narrator.
B000002LND|5.0|If your're looking for a lot of Madonna's 80's chart toppers in one place,  then you've found it. This has just about if not all of Madonnas greatest  hits. True, they are remixed, but I still enjoy pumping up &quot;Material  Girl&quot; and &quot;Holiday&quot; It is still a must have for fans that  only want her oldies but goodies.
B0000042MY|3.0|Jones' beautiful theme is inspiring, even haunting.  It is made more  hypnotic by the fact that Jones can't let go... the theme is repeated in  variations which ultimately undermine the originality and rapture of the  score.  In short, it gets old after several listenings.  Edelman's works  strike me as incongruent albeit refreshing to the aforementioned  repetition...I found his &quot;cuts&quot; mediocre at best.
0553573403|5.0|This is the best fantasy book I have read in a long time.  It is an edge  of your seat thrill ride.  I got so wrapped up in the characters, I was  still thinking of them every time I reluctantly put the book down.  Fabulous!
0553573403|5.0|George Martin's &quot;A GAME OF THRONES&quot; is a real sparkler in what I  have found to be (as of late) a relatively stagnant fantasy market.  He  combines the elements of characterization and political intrigue with the  classical fantasy elements of adventure and magic to weave an intricately  detailed story that is a mandatory read for any fantasy fan and a superb  representation of the fantasy novel even a skeptic of the genre would  enjoy.  All in all, the best fantasy novel I have read in a good many  years, and certainly the most rich and complex in terms of plot and story.  I can't wait for the sequel.
0515123447|4.0|I picked this up to pass the time on a cross-country airplane trip, and  the time flew.  The book starts with a great attitude.  As I kept going,  some of the coincidences made me think &quot;wait a minute&quot;, but I  enjoyed it enough to keep going.  I'll read his second book, too, but I'll  wait for the paperback.
0440224764|5.0|For a lawyer who knows everything about the U.S. Legal system, John  Grisham has apparently not realized that there's no such thing as passport  control when leaving the U.S. especially at Miami International Airport  from which I have departed hundreds of times.  This is a key point in the  plot as it leads to the capture of Eva by the FBI.
0399143904|3.0|Although everyone at the alt.books.tom-clancy newsgroup seems to be  tearing the book apart in their evaluations..... I'm going to hold  back.<br />Yes...it's all too predictable. If anyone has read enough Robin  Cook's and enough Tom Clancy's they'll figure out the plot REALLY  early.<br />Yes...the premise is rather outrageous and  frankly..ludicrous.<br />And Yes...the villains are outta S.P.E.C.T.R.E from  the James Bond universe.<br />But it's still an ok read. why? Maybe because I  like Clancy and enjoy his characters (chavez, clark, the new popov, etc..)  or maybe I like his action sequences (very nice). <br />Is it worth it to  read? Yes.<br />Just don't take the book too seriously.
0671576089|5.0|It was a very enlightening story.  Makes you appreciate everything you  have ever had.  It is hard to believe that anyone can go through something  like this.<br />A story of true grit and merit. Thoroughly enjoyed the story.
B000003S5H|4.0|Wow, these guys are serious about their retro!  Don't buy just because you  liked &quot;Sexy Boy&quot;, though -- the rest of the CD is quite a bit  different.  Having said that, I was pleasantly surprised by this one and  have since come to just skip &quot;Sexy Boy&quot; in favor of the other,  better tracks.
B000002GBJ|4.0|Rick Wakeman shines best when two elements are present:  (a) he surrounds  himself with other top-flight instrumentalists, and (b) he avoids lyrics.   &quot;Six Wives&quot; is the perfect example.  The focus is purely on the  music:  lyrical piano lines, rich organ fills, exciting changes of tempo,  and a percussive and bass beat that drives it all forward.  Wakeman brought  in the perfect people to accompany him on these tracks -- Bruford and White  on percussion, Dave Lambert and Charles Cronk on guitar, and Chris Squire  on bass, among others.  All of these instrumentalists add their own  individuality to the music, and the sum of the parts equals a wonderful  whole.  No track has lyrics, aside from some choral background humming;  subsequent Wakeman recordings (&quot;Journey to the Center of the  Earth&quot;, &quot;King Arthur&quot;) are marred by intrusive, simplistic  songs that over-ride any chance for the music to shine through.
B000006045|5.0|At first, you won't understand it.  You won't like it.  You won't listen  to it.  Then it will start whispering to you and it will snake its way into  your consciousness until you have to return to it.  And then it all falls  into place.  You're hooked.  Just buy it.
0790736322|5.0|The Exorcist was one of the scariest books I've read in a very long time!  I've read all of Stephen King's books and this one even topped Pet  Semetary! So if you are a horror fan, like myself, you have to read The  Exorcist. I can't wait to see the new version on tape!     END
0897500482|4.0|This is the blueprint book for the world's greatest martial (non)art--Jeet  Kune Do.  While everything you need is here, it's not exactly the most  &quot;linear&quot; book you'll read.  If you pick up the 4 volumes of  &quot;The Bruce Lee Fighting System&quot; (about $6 each), this will all  make even more sense.  You'll get to see most of this stuff being   practiced in the pictures and explained even more clearly.  Get 'em both,  and work hard!
0802713319|4.0|I read to learn and gained a great lesson from Singh's book. Wiles taught  me to look at all things in my life from different angles, especially when  I have business or personal problems to solve.
0441172717|5.0|After reading Dune, and of course every other book in the series that  followed, I looked at my life in an entirely different way.   I was able to  indentify my strengths, and recognize my weaknesses.  I no longer took the  simple things in life for granted.  Through the eyes of Paul and  the  nomadic lives of the Fremen, one gets educated in desert survival, knife  fights, water conservation, and the subtilities of politics in any  system....I re-read this series EVERY YEAR, and CONTINUE to be enriched by  its unique perspective on the world.
0399143904|1.0|It is amazing how Clancy continues to get by on the reputation of  &quot;Hunt for Red October&quot;, (his only really &quot;good&quot; book.)  Rainbox Six is just another inarticulate, long, snooze. For  techno-thrillers, try the works of Stephen Hunter (Point of Impact) For  good spy, political thrillers: try Charles McCarry (Shelly's Heart) Believe  me if you read these authors, you will never again waste your time on  another Clancy novel.
6301969588|5.0|The story is simple as was noted by another viewer, but this movie doesn't  need anything more. It is the chance to see some of history's famous  sideshow &quot;freaks&quot;, though I would just call them physically  different. Featured are the beautiful sisters who are joined at the hip  (&quot;siamese twins&quot;); the amazing and arresting Johnny Eck--who has  no legs but who gracefully runs around on his hands and is outgoing and  quite handsome; the trio of &quot;pinheads,&quot; who were displayed as  &quot;sisters&quot; although they were boys in dresses--they were mentally  disabled and not actually related; the &quot;human torso&quot; who had no  arms or legs but was quite happy enough and could move around by inching  himself along on a surface; a bearded lady, a giant, a super skinny guy, a  fat lady, and &quot;miniature&quot; folks as well. (I may have missed a  couple!) Such a group of people could never be seen today and it wasn't  long after this movie was made that sideshows (specifically: showing off  physically different people for a profit) were made illegal. The sad thing  is these people were able to make a decent living from sideshows and the  people in it were all a tight-knit family--taking away the sideshow meant  the loss of any ability to make money for the majority of these folks, and  it desolved the sideshow families. Most people don't realize that the  majority of the stars of side shows worked there by their own  CHOICE!<br />&quot;Freaks&quot; is a very special film and shows many very  special people. I only hope that viewers will appreciate how unique and  individually wonderful each of these people were. I don't think we will  ever see such a group of people like this in one setting ever again. The  director didn't make fun of any of the people and showed them for what they  were: folks just like you and me, except for being physically different.  (Excluding the very happy, but truthfully mentally disabled  &quot;pinheads.&quot;)<br />It's a great movie!     END
0312853238|5.0|I have read this book and i do not see how some people can criticize this  book.  For people who say that Ender is too young to exhibit the  characteristics he does, I say that there is no reason to believe that.   After a person develops thought, there is no reason that he or she can't  think like an adult.  This book deserves all of its praise and none of its  criticism.  A definite for anyone who wants to read a great book that does  not get boring after being read many times.
B000002VTE|3.0|... the two speeds being &quot;really hard&quot; and &quot;realy  soft&quot;.  It makes for some pretty jarring listening, especially when it  comes in the same song like &quot;All of My Thoughts.&quot;  They are also  pretty long-winded - &quot;Home of the Brave&quot; drones on for what seems  like hours.  But when they lock into a groove, it's a groovy one indeed -  &quot;Electricity&quot; is scorching stuff.  I like this as background, but  concentrated listening requires you to program your CD player to skip the  boring stuff.
0399143904|4.0|It was well worth the wait.  Once again, Clancy brings us John Clark, the  muscle behind Jack Ryan. The writing and technotalk is classic Clancy. I am  1/4 through the book and am taking my time. I thought the Brits' dialogue  came from old Sherlock Holmes movies, but can be forgiven for the great  plot.  Terrorists beware, Rainbow Six is here!
0060801263|5.0|I received this book as a Christmas present when I was 14.  Now 15, I have  read the whole book twice, and skimmed my favorite parts numerous times.  I  identified with Francie, because of her many triumphs and hardships while  growing up.  It has many powerful characters, particularly Katie, who  embodies inner strength and dignity.  I almost felt like this book was  written about me, because I have often experienced the same things as  Francie.  You must read this book.  It is a true classic.
B00000099Y|4.0|When feelings and music come together in perfect harmony, you have Tool.  Sooner or later, Aenima will move you.
B000002JKA|4.0|Dream theater is a band of amazing musicians, but music suffers when they  try show off their every little skill all at the same time. That's the  problem with Awake: too much playing compromising the natural flow of the  melodical lines, excessively intrincate harmonies deviating attention from  their wonderful basic music ideas and lyrics. If only they had step back  their playing just a bit, this would have been a serious candidate to top  any rock album of the decade review list.
0688152023|5.0|Coming back from multiple knee surgeries, I was able to modify my physical  therapy regimen using the exercises and the detailed guidance that I found  in this book. An ex-dancer, I found immediate gratification and motivation  in performing exercises that felt rhythmic and fluid (and that were  immediately accessible!).
0385484518|5.0|This book is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I was  inspired by Morrie's undying spirit and great outlook on life.  While  reading I felt as if I were talking to my grandfather and taking in every  bit of advice he had to offer.  Once I started reading I couldn't put the  book down.  I finished it in two days which is rare for me.  I would  definitely reccomend this book to anyone and have to many of my friends.
0345350499|5.0|I have never fallen in love with characters like this.  I borrowed the  book from a friend and I got through the first hundred pages and had to buy  it!!! It might be slow at first but well worth it if you stick with  it!!!!!!
0449002632|5.0|Rutherford's book begins and ends on River Thames.  Brilliantly  researched, this book literally brings history to life.  Beyond being an  account of one of the world's great capitals, it is an engaging story of  civilization on a personal level.<br />A suggestion to the publisher (and, I  noted, another amazon.com reviewer mentioned this)I would begin each  chapter with a brief, up-dated presentation of the &quot;family tree&quot;  and map of London at the time of that particular chapter.  I was constantly  flipping back to the front of the book to check geneaology and maps of  London, which was extremely annoying.<br />A warning to prospective readers --  this is a LONG book -- and it takes some work to plow through it.  The  effort is definitely worthwhile.  I began reading the book at bed time, and  only managed a few pages, and then had to re-read those pages the next time  I picked up the book.  One should allow and dedicate time to read this  book, really get into it and allow no distractions from concentration.  The  book deserves your total and un-divided attention!
B000003TSP|5.0|Portishead does not fail to deliver incredible beats along with devouring vocals in their second album.  this, along with their first album, is one of the only albums to contain enough emotional intensity to completely leave you drained after a full session.
B000006OAM|5.0|I was a bit dubious about this album as I thought Tigerlily was so good  but it is absolutely brilliant. &quot;Kind and Generous&quot; and  &quot;King of Mays&quot; are superb and stand out above the rest of the  album.
B000002ADT|5.0|oooooooohhhh, the mood and the splendour that you get everytime you listen  to Miles' &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;........ the most plesurable jazz  melodies your ears could ever sense.......it also goes along way in your  dreams.........
0399143904|3.0|While this is not a poorly written book it has perhaps the most ridiculous  plot of any of his books.  I don't want to give away the story but suffice  to say that I have seen this in several James Bond movies.  The  anti-terrorist scenes are well written (although I could do without the  repeated descriptions of what a 50 cal bullet does to the human head) and  keep the reader interested.  All in all I am waiting for the computer game,  which is what much of the book is written like.   This is much better than  those Op-Center books and Politika at least.
0399143904|5.0|Tree Hugger terrorists out to distroy the human race - what a great idea!   800 pages on Mr. C and Ding - about time.  A thoughorly enjoyable read.   Another classic from the Master.  Holywood where are you make a movie of  Rainbow Six and Executive Orders.
B000002UCE|5.0|Plastic Ono Band was a deadend. A great album,but still a dead end. It's  been said that IMAGINE was a retreat. Actually, it was a progression.  Lennon found a way to combine the raw emotionalism of POB with his  sentiment; his anger with his tenderness.<br />&quot;Jealous  Guy&quot;(originally a contender for the white album under the title  &quot;Child of Nature&quot; is one of the most sublime melodies Lennon has  ever written and every bit as emotionally honest and naked as any song on  POB. Lennon later dismissed IMAGINE as POB with sugar coating. It's much  more than that--it is the vision of a man looking forward to the future and  less on the pain of the past.<br />MIND GAMES and WALLS AND BRIDGES would  reconfigure and rework much of this album(and, in the process, reducing its  critical status)in less compelling ways. Although both those albums have  their moments(particularly the MIND GAMES album), it is clear that after  IMAGINE Lennon was treading water until the next big development appeared  in the form of DOUBLE FANTASY.<br />Other reviewers have missed the maturity  of the album and the emotional complexity of this work. POB was Lennon's  missed adolescence. IMAGINE is the work of an adult--a contradicition in  rock music at the time--and all the better for it.
0060977493|5.0|I picked up this book not knowing anything about it or the author.  It  kept me very interested and cannot wait for another book by Arundhati Joy.   The book was wonderfully written - I did not want to put it down.  I would  recommend it to all my friends.
B000003BEM|5.0|The Stones at their peak. Nary a bad song or note in the bunch. Although  some of the tracks(like much of the Beatles' great songs) have been  overplayed and dulled the public to the impact the songs have, listening to  them in the context of the album(like, again, the Beatles, U2, CCR, Peter  Gabriel, the Kinks, etc.)give them renewed vigor.<br />Keith's playing  sizzles. Charlie Watts takes no prisoners with his thumping. Mick's in the  grove. The sad thing about this album, Brian Jones last involvement in an  entire Stones project, can be overlooked in the context of the greatness of  songs. Many of the songs relate to Brian's continuing sprial into drug  addiction and depression. His band's finest hour when it, ultimately,  became Mick &amp; Keith's band.<br />This, along with LET IT BLEED, STICKY  FINGERS &amp; AFTERMATH, ranks as one of the best Stones' albums of all  time. EXILES isn't included on that list because, although it has as many  great songs as BEGGAR'S, it has much more padding which, under the guise of  murky production, sounds great but isn't really great(that's another  issue).
B000005RFQ|5.0|This is by far one of the best Black Sabbath albums! It is VERY hard to  find since most people never even heard of it, so grab it now while you  have the chance!
B000000W5L|4.0|Alright--let's be up front about this--there is a lot of filler on this  album. Still, the material that isn't is outstanding. This is the last  Stones album that would touch greatness. Everything after this, including  the more slickly packaged TATOO YOU and SOME GIRLS, was shorter on  inspiration. This is where the Stones spent themselves. Albums after this,  including GOAT'S HEAD SOUP, IT'S ONLY ROCK 'N' ROLL, etc. would be  uninspired dreck(in my book most of their output after this rate just one  or two stars). Despite fawning reviews(undeserved) for this album and a  number after it, the Stones for, all intends and purposes, became an oldies  band after this. A great oldies band, but an oldies band  nonetheless.<br />This would have made a classic single album but, as it is,  ranks as a very good conclusion to the Stones' reign as one of the great  rock ' n' roll bands(it seems like a lot of band's musical output declined  around 72--the Kinks, the Who--all the &quot;biggies&quot; of classic  rock).<br />Mick, next time you want to make a great Stones album go back and  listen to BEGGAR'S BANQUET.
0399143904|5.0|This new novel is everything you would expect from a bestselling writer.   It contains plenty of action and a suberb plot that slowly unwinds.
B000000OAN|4.0|You have to remember--it was 1975. That says it all. Rock music was in a  steep decline--very few artists were producing albums of merit. Then came  punk, new wave, no wave, alternative, etc. all in a headlong rush.<br />A  NIGHT AT THE OPERA reminds you that not all the music from 1975 was junk.  Like contemporaries 10cc(10cc's THE ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK was released at  roughly the same time--having the same impact for that other witty,  musically adventurous british band), Queen was looked down upon by most of  the music critics of the time because of the bombastic production, witty  tounge-in-cheek songs, killer harmonies and musicianship of the band. Yes,  this album has all those things and more. That's precisely why it works and  precisely why it( along with 10cc's THE ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK and HOW DARE  YOU!) is a classic and truly one of the best albums from that period.<br />Roy  Thomas Baker's production is clever and outrageous capturing the band in  glory form. This is one of the Queen albums to start with. Although some of  the songs haven't aged as well as I would have liked, it shares with SGT.  PEPPER and BLONDE ON BLONDE the ability to define its era. A classic album.
B000002IZM|4.0|This recording is certainly not a soundtrack, in that it does not  faithfully render the music of the movie.  Listeners expecting otherwise  will be disappointed.  I am perplexed as to why the dialog from the movie  is present on several tracks.  Was Vangelis attempting to recreate the mood  of the movie?  Or did he just clip those tracks from the full movie  soundtrack?  That being said, he was fully justified in including Roy's  soliloquy in 'Tears in Rain'.  It just would not work any other way.   The  two new pieces of music are a mixed bag.  'Rachel's Song' is quite  beautiful, although slightly out of synch with the dark tone of the  original music.  On the other hand, 'One More Kiss, Dear' is completely  inappropriate for this CD, and for the life of me, I can't fathom from  where in Vangelis' creative soul this came.  I find myself skipping this  track when it comes up, and my teenage daughter does the same.<br />In the  end, I can only say that while this work is not perfect, it still leaves me  shivering with it's emotion, complexity and power.  In spite of the flaws,  it is a stunning piece of art.
B000002ULO|4.0|Yeah, this isn't ABBEY ROAD, PART 2. Paul has nothing to prove and he  knows it. There are some outstanding songs on this disc(some throwaways,  too.--the Steve Miller jam is pretty lame garage rock and a barely  acceptable b side. Same for the song written with Ringo). As Paul proved on  FLOWERS IN THE DIRT, TUG OF WAR, PRESS and BAND ON THE RUN, he's able to  produce some of his best stuff 1) when he records and writes quickly  2)Works with capable collaborators 3)Feels he has something to prove  4)Works without a net(on the fly as it were).<br />Nevertheless, Jeff Lynne  gives Paul a rougher edge(surprisingly, it doesn't sound like ELO or  George's albums)in the production department--which works to Paul's  advantage.
B00000634L|5.0|this cd is one of my favorites, because it has songs that sound similar to  &quot;drinking in L.A.,&quot; songs that are hip-hop(which I usually don't  like, but these are pretty good) and lots of sampling.
0440211727|5.0|This was Grisham's first novel and at some points, the inexperience shows,  but that doesn't stop this from being a really great book.   <br /> After  reading The Firm and The Pelican Brief, it was refreshing to read about a  more of an everyday lawyer who hasn't been so successful and has to fight  off the big time lawyers for the case of his life.   <br /> I didn't like this  book quite as much as The Firm, but it is in good company.
0399143904|3.0|Great Clancey until end of Amusement Park Episode.  After that....well,  how frustating is it to watch a top-notch ex-KGB officer, who always does  his cultural research, take an incredable amount of time to uncover an  eco-terrorism plot? (only explanation:  Popov did'nt read or watch enough  James Bond during his training).  The only thing missing was that Dr.  Kilgore was'nt sitting in a stratolounger, viewing multiple blinking lights  and petting his cat!  Clancy was at his best at describing an e-attack on  our financial markets in &quot;Debt of Honor&quot; . . . Unfortnately, he  cant &quot;get real&quot; with this plot.  Read it until the amusement park  incident is resolved, then put it on the book shelf and wait for TC to  re-evaluate his plots and return to greatness.  This one's little more than  a made-for-TV movie, presented in poorly edited print.
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead is one of the few bands I can lavish praise upon without any  fear of hyperbole, as any mere words I use to talk about them or the music,  cannot possibly convey the incredible greatness that is Radiohead. Though  the readers of Q, and a great many other people I have talked to insist on  naming OK Computer as Radiohead's greatest album/the greatest album of all  time/simply great, it is my contention that their best album is in fact The  Bends. The songs are at least as strong here, and are devoid of the  pretentsion of OK Computer which can at once intrigue and distance the  listener. Also, Fake Plastic Trees, my personal favorite from the Bends,  must go down in history as one of the most gorgeous songs ever written, one  which can lull anyone into an almost sublime state of depression. What more  can I really say here...just that Radiohead is the preeminent rock band of  the last few years and can only be that way for a long time to come if they  continue to produce music as great as that which is found on The Bends.
B000002IQ9|5.0|Obviously no one here!  I am 20 years old and I am very vocal about  thinking that Phil Collins is awesome.  So he's not just for 40-year-old  women.  This live collection presents just about every hit you could ask  for (&quot;Everyday&quot; is conspicuously absent).  And it's just  different enough from the original studio recordings that if you're a Phil  phreak like me, you can have all the studio albums and still love listening  to this one.  Phil bashers begone - this is a great album no matter what  you say!
B000002AS3|4.0|The best comment I have ever heard regarding Definitely Maybe was from  some sort of music/album/rock compendium...they said that this album  already sounds like a greatest hits compilation. Think about it...we have  the lighter waving &quot;Live Forever&quot;, the ass-kicking,  tear-out-your-seat-and-throw-it-at-the-stage rock and roll of  &quot;Cigarettes and Alcohol&quot; or &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Star&quot;...it's  all here, even an endearing acoustic encore as in &quot;Married With  Children&quot; (no relation). The only weakness of Definately Maybe is the  tendecy of these 11 songs to sound a bit similar...otherwise, this is an  incredible and terribly infectious first album. <br />By the way, for those  people, even some on this particular page, who decry the Gallaghers as  being arrogant, digusting pigs, I say...so what? Rememebr kids, that's half  the fun right there...
0399143904|5.0|If you are a Clancy fan, you will not be disappointed. I won't go into  details or give away the plot. If you enjoyed &quot;Without Remorse&quot;,  you will love this book.
B000002NFM|5.0|This album, along with Chemical Brothers' &quot;Dig your own hole,&quot;  are solid proof of hardcore techno's funky creativity and staying power.   Infectious grooves and hip sounds!
0393312836|5.0|This book has almost as many reader reviews as The Satanic Bible by Anton LaVey.  There is something about the Dark Side that attracts and tempts us with promises of escape (real or imaginary) from the boredom in everyday life.  Burgess, in his introduction to ACO, attributes this attraction to \\"Original Sin\\" and says he enjoyed ripping and raping by proxy through his protagonist, Alex.  But there was a moral point: \\"If one can only perform good or only perform evil, then he is a clockwork orange - meaning that he has the appearance of an organism lovely with colour and juice but is in fact only a clockwork toy to be wound up by God or the Devil or (since this is increasingly replacing both) the Almighty State.\\" He continues: \\"It is as inhuman to be totally good as it is to be totally evil.  The important thing is moral choice.  Evil has to exist along with good, in order that moral choice may operate.\\"<br /><br />From the 1st to the 20th chapter, one is (although vaguely) under the assumption that Alex is free to choose good or evil but gets more pleasure out of evil.  Alex says he does evil because he likes it just as some people do good because they like it. Alex assumes his own freedom and uses it (and Burgess through him) to mock those who think that evil is not freely chosen but the result of a bad environment, a bad government, or the devil.  Then one comes to the 21st chapter. Here, quite abruptly, is an older Alex who associates his youth with a wind-up toy (the opposite of moral freedom)!  One is also left wondering if Burgess actually believed at the time he wrote this novel that one INEVITABLY grows out of evil through some maturation process. If he did, then this contradicts the moral idea he presents in his introduction that one is free to choose evil and, I might add, stay evil.<br /><br />Apart from what I perceive to be a contradictory 21st chapter, the book is excellent for its creative language and emotional presentation on the moral issue of whether conditioning, not just incarceration, can remove moral freedom.  Put yourself in the victim's shoes.  Would you want Alex to lose his moral freedom to torture, rape or even murder if it meant a safer society, a safer YOU?  If you answer \\"yes,\\" then you are in effect saying that you want your own moral freedom to choose evil removed.  This raises the question of why evil (or our moral perception of evil) exists in the first place. A lot to think about here., not just incarceration, can remove moral freedom.  Put yourself in the victim's shoes.  Would you want Alex to lose his moral freedom to torture, rape or even murder if it meant a safer society, a safer YOU?  If you answer \\"yes,\\" then you are in effect saying that you want your own moral freedom to choose evil removed.  This raises the question of why evil (or our moral perception of evil) exists in the first place. A lot to think about here.
0345360338|5.0|What I liked about this book was that Simon de Montfort wasn't given a  whitewash like the characters Thomas More and Thomas Beckett have been  given.  All three men had great faults (More was a strong proponent of  burning protestants at the stake;  Beckett had a high martyr complex that  exacerbated his problem far more than Henry ever did).  Penman shows us how  great a man Simon de Montfort truly was, faults and all.  The accuracy and  attention to detail is what makes this book truly great (although Edward  was a great king in real history).
B000002B7M|5.0|This CD is one of my favorites. Rarely, there are songs that will actually  move you, however this CD has two, Mr. Crowley and Revelation (Mother  Earth). Also, Randy Rhoads did some excellent guitar work and even added a  classical sounding solo guitar track which is actually good.   This is hard  to beat.
B000002UAO|5.0|The Beatles have gone beyond just mere pop stars in this album.From Drive  My Car to Run For Your Life,from start to end,Rubber Soul is an album no  collection should be without.<br />Tim Lewis-10 yrs. old
0060925000|5.0|After purchasing the book I postponed reading it for over a year - I was  intimidated by its length.  However within a few pages of finally starting  I was entirely caught up in the lives of the characters, especially the  wonderfull Mrs. Rupa Mehra.  The book is written with a touch of humour;   the descriptions of the ineffectual Varun bring a smile to my face as I  write.  Seth also manages to give an outsider a real flavour of India and  has certainly stimulated my interest in learning more about this  fascinating and complicated country.  Highly recommended!
0780622553|5.0|Mixing elements of film noir with bits of allegory, mythology and religion  thrown in for good measure, &quot;Dark City&quot; is one of the most  original and amazing sci-fi films to come out in the last thirty years. It  is a film that is destined to grow through closed circles until it reaches  the level of a classic. Some films transcend their meager box office totals  to live long lives on video shelves and TV: this is one of those  films.<br />In the beginning, a man wakes in a bathtub. Naked. He has no idea  how he got there. In fact, he has no memory at all. He has trouble keeping  his balance, like a newborn fawn. It's as if he's forgotten how to walk. In  the mirror: there is a thin trickle of blood beading on his forehead. Is it  his own? The lamp swings from the ceiling, creating shadows that move and  leap, lunge and dive. But he never touched it. Never mind. He steps into  the next room and dresses. A suitcase, initials: KH. His? No wallet, no ID.  A phone call. A strange voice. Men are coming to his apartment for him. He  must leave, now! He drops the phone, because now he can see the dead body  on the floor....<br />This is the opening scene; it's one you'll never forget.  I'd tell you more about the movie, of what it's about, but you'll enjoy it  so much more if you discover it for yourself. Watch this movie: you won't  regret it.     END
B000001F9N|5.0|Whether judged from the cover concept (always one of my favorites of Donna  Summer's) or listened with an ear for the richness of the Munich sound  complementing her sultry vocals, this album established her as the disco  goddess and has always been one that is so good to listen and dance to.  The 17-minute \\"Try me, I know we can make it\\"  showed how much one could make a few lines, a few words, and a basic tune  into a delightful multi-style, multi-movement anthem of escapist Eurodisco.  Everyone who really likes Donna Summer and appreciates her broad-range  music should have this album.
B000002B7M|5.0|Ozzy is the most awesome metal giant ever!  Randy was and still is the  biggest guitar god of all time. Ozzy and Randy are still the greatest team  ever. They really rock on tracks like &quot;I Don't Know&quot; &quot;Crazy  Train&quot; and &quot;Suicide Solution&quot;. The track  &quot;Revelation-Mother Earth&quot; really opened my eyes to the world  around me and I think that if people listen to the lyrics it will do the  same for anyone that listens to it.
B000001EMW|5.0|This is an unusual album.  Four guys playing Metallica tunes with cellos.   Sounds boring at first, but it is definitely worth it.  I've heard quite a  few Metallica covers already and this is by far the best of the bunch.  I  don't know how they did it but they did it amazingly awesome.  Spend the  money and buy this!
0399143904|4.0|Like his other Clark book, _Without Remorse_, _Rainbow Six_ falls short of  the high standards Clancy set with his Jack Ryan novels.  _Executive  Orders_ kept me up night after night with its 900 pages, small type and  tiny margins.  But with _Rainbow Six_, I felt rushed along through the  plot.  The detailed subplots and technical minutiae which characterize  Clancy's best stuff are in shorter supply than I had hoped.<br />As usual,  characters are one-dimensional cardboard cutouts -- fine for Clancy's usual  shoot-'em-up fare, but less satisfactory when he tries (as in _Without  Remorse_) to handle complex moral issues.  I still think Cardinal is the  only one of Clancy's characters which might be accepted into the cast of a  John Le Carre novel.<br />However, the saying still holds:  when Clancy's  good, he's superb; when he's bad, he's still pretty darn good.  The ending  saved this one from 3 stars -- as elegant as anything involving that much  destruction could be.
089845915X|1.0|The Grapes of Wrath is 619 pages of complete boredom.  I am reading this  over the summer for my  10th grade English class that I soon will be  attending on an everyday basis once school starts.  In my opinion this book  is too wordy and boring.  They could take this 619 page book and cut it  down to about 150 pages if they wanted to.  I believe that no high school  student should suffer the extreme pain and boredom of reading this book.  My  advice to any high school student who has to read this book is get it  on audio tape and fast forward through most of it you wont miss much, only  a bunch of useless dialogue!
B000002BQK|1.0|Don't waste your money of this album, it's a total dud.  If you want to  hear a wonderful Mariah cd, buy &quot;Music Box&quot;.
0399143904|2.0|I liked it up until the final confrontation where the team used some  completely unrealistic &quot;magic&quot; technology to defeat the bad guys  without any kind of difficulty.  It was rather anti-climactic and destroyed  the story.
0670880728|2.0|Amidst all the hype about this Singleton whom I could supposedly relate  to, I was horrified to read about a sloppy, self- pitying, disorganized,  undisciplined, weight-obsessed female. She only confirms to male  chauvinists that women cannot quite take care of themselves and get  over-emotional and neurotic over everything else.  I definitely don't  admire Bridget Jones. She does more a disservice to my gender than a funny  look at ourselves. What a piteous loser. Only consolation is that it is a  quick read.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Manson again pulls off a great album. His lyrics and style are really well  expressed. He saved my life with Antichrist Superstar and now this album  has summed up why it is I love Marilyn Manson. He is truly a genius and my  idol. I can't wait for more from this GOD...LONG LIVE MARILYN MANSON!!!!!
B000002E5J|5.0|This CD is great!  Shakira reminds me of a Latina version of Jewel, and  her lyrics have depth and meaning.  I would definatley reccomend this CD!
B000002V07|5.0|'So Tonight I Might See' is of the type of cd that once you listen to it  it never leaves your cd player. Its a timeless classic that will still be  playing long after the year 2000... Every song on the cd is heart wrenching  and can make you  beg like a baby to hear it once more...... A masterful  piece!!!!!
B0000025HU|5.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  While their 1977 self-titled debut was the best punk  album ever (perhaps less monumental but holds up better than Never Mind the  Bollocks...), London Calling represents flat-out rock and roll at its very  best.  Forget the concept of the desert island top ten -- London Calling is  the only truly indisposable album in my collection.  After a slow start  (the so-so title track and 2 less than stellar tunes), the album kicks into  high gear with one killer song after another, from the infectious guitar  riff-rock of &quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot; and &quot;Spanish Bombs&quot; to  the punk anthems &quot;Clampdown&quot; and \\"Death or Glory,\\" the latter  already showing the band jaded by the commercialization of punk (as  emphasized in one of the most memorable lines in all of rock, \\"He who f****  nuns will later join the church\\").  And just when the band starts to slow  down with a few duds, they fire off one of the finest pure pop songs ever,  the album-closing (and unlisted) &quot;Train in Vain.&quot;  While other  albums may fall in and out of favor depending on my mood, London Calling is  the one that will always have me shouting along.
B000005ITX|5.0|I don't understand where Andy Gill is coming from in the &quot;What the  Critics Say&quot; section.  He is certainly in the minority.  This is still  a great album, and has stood the test of time just as well or better than,  say, the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper or Revolver.  Those are still great albums,  and so is this one.  In fact, I like this one better than Sgt. Pepper.
B0000033P0|1.0|Pop Kulcher Reviews:  I wouldn't normally take the time to review a  relatively obscure title by a largely irrelevant band, but Tarkus has the  distinction of being perhaps the worst album I've ever bought.  And being a  child of the Seventies, I've bought some truly terrible albums (including  several by Barry Manilow and the Captain &amp; Tenille) -- but nothing as  obnoxiously annoying as these horrifying blurts of keyboard overkill.  If  there is anything redeeming about this album, it's the fact that it is not  so incredibly tacky as their career-ending Love Beach album, which features  the most horrifying cover photo you'll ever see.
0425152251|5.0|Sophie's World is the savior to would be philosophy students around the  world (ie: everybody alive in this reality).  This is the book that will  allow you to be floating in space, examining the history of thought, and  asking questions that maybe you couldn't ask yourself before.  Concise, yet  thorough when dealing with the different schools of philosophical thought,  Jostein Gaarder has made what could be a tedious task extremely exciting,  entertaining, and provoking.  Sophie, Alberto, Hilde, and Major Knag , not  to mention Mr. Gaarder himself, will open the minds of any reader who dares  to dare themself.
B000002UB3|5.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  However indisputably great and important the Beatles  were, the fact is I just don't listen to 'em all that much -- the sad  result of radio overkill, I suppose.  The lone exception is Abbey Road, and  particularly side two (or, for the digital age, the latter 2/3 of the cd).  McCartney managed to take a bunch of so-so tunes and weave them into one of  the most memorable musical suites in rock history.  From the melodic  silliness of &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; through the  blistering (well, by John &amp; George standards) guitar duel in &quot;The  End,&quot; the last 20 minutes of this are enough to demonstrate to  newcomers what it was that made the Beatles so incredible.  Not to mention  John's sparse but entrancing &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy),&quot; and  Paul's throat-shredding &quot;Oh, Darling.&quot;
B000002952|5.0|This CD is simply awe inspiring.  Alternatively sweet, rhythmic, punchy,  and fun, the ballads are pleasant and durable.  What I really appreciate is  the quality of the music and the musicians.  Clearly these people know the  genre they are playing and have rehearsed enough (or had enough excellent  production work) to sound musical, coherent, synergistic and precise.  I  love the way Gloria highlights different musical styles with several 'pure  play' pieces (Si Senor, Mi Tierra).  As with pure varietal wines, the  flavor is authentic and revealing.  If you appreciate music, you'll love  this CD -- it's Gloria's best in my opinion.
0399143904|5.0|A couple of satirical twists right at the very end. If you are into  Clancy, you won't be disappointed. Warning - not recommended for  tree-huggers!
0452270073|5.0|This is the best of the three though they all should be read.  Presents a  full picture of the trauma associated with war and this war in particular.
0399143904|1.0|To put it simply Tom Clancy latest offering is just plain bad.  Rainbox  Six is basically an international version of Tom Clancy's Op-Center.  The  over all plot is totally unbelievable and something that you would expect  from a James Bond movie, which one of the main character points out when  after discovering the villians plans says &quot;Who thought this up -  Spectre?&quot;.  Along with the ridiculous plot the villians in this book  have the brains of Willie Coyote in a Warner Brothers cartoon.  I am rating  this book at 1 star only because I can not rate it any lower.  My advice is  not to by this book but go back and re-read any of Tom Clancy's previous  novels.
0399143904|3.0|It seems that the demise of Russia as a superpower has left Clancy, with  little grist for his mill.  Rainbow Six simply does not live up to his  previous novels.  I certainly don't mind a long book but this is more like  a collection of short stories.  By the time you get to the main point of  the book it is 85% over.  It also seems as though the bad guys have become  a little to black-and-white evil leaving for some slim characterizations.   Perhaps the days of large scale conflicts are behind us and terrorism will  be the 'new' modus operandi but this book just doesn't sell it very well.
0816158134|5.0|This book was on the summer reading list for 9th graders. It was really  hard to find in the bookstore, for it was bought as soon as it was brought  in...and my teacher let me borrow hers. Anyway, I read it then, couldn't  get past the first page. Then, MONTHS later, I read it.....and fell in love  with it. It's a wonderful book, full of emotions. It isn't afraid to show  the view of real life, with all its hardships and happiness. I love this  book so much, I didn't even return it to my teacher! I have to pay her back  soon :) I read this at least 10 times! :D
0385472951|3.0|I've read this book because a friend recommended me. Although I've found  it entertaining, I think that some chapters are too long unnecessarily. The  character of Patrick Lanigan has too much power to guide and rule the  development of the story (some kind of untouchable character), however the  character of Eva Miranda is better composed and intriguing. The author  tired me because of the slow and &quot;one bit at a time&quot;  storytelling, tending to be predictable. The end does not match at all with  the whole story. I'd recommend the book to Grisham fans.
B000002IXS|5.0|As a fan of Edith Piaf, it is extremely difficult to praise others singing  the same songs.  Mireille however did an excellent job.  The songs are  beautifully orchestrated and sung a la Mathieu.  Although her emotion  expression is more inward than Piaf's, ms. Mathieu has brought a new  discovery into these songs.  I wish she does more kind of these style.
0399143793|5.0|No matter what, I'd still like to give this novel a 5-star rating, if compared to what I've read so far in summber98. Mr. Child is a thinking writer who has so far visualized and delivered two pretty good stories and one superb and unique character, Jack Reacher. But he should be aware not to use too many stack-up sentences one after another in almost of all the paragraphs. By using stacking up sentenses in describing a situation and fell into a stereotype is a habit that may jeopardise the whole structure of a good book in the long run. Neither should he lose focus during the later stage(or chapters) showing his hasteness to wrap up the story; it was the time when some of the illogic and ridiculous question marks would appear, just like what happened in his last &quot;Killing Floor&quot;, i.e., using bleach to bleach out the used paper money--a ridiculous way to wrap up the funny money business. Same thing happened this time in &quot;Die Trying&quot.  One last advice to Mr. Child: Don't get any too large scaled military/militia/FBI actions or confrontation again; Jack Reacher might become even greater and more interesting if he could just do without a national-security emergency.  Furthermore, this book could become even better if the publisher could do larger instead of fine printing; saving paper plus cost is one thing, but killing readers's eyesights is definitely not recommendable, G.P. Putman!
B000009PNY|5.0|This tribute must have been so much fun to do for the many bands  contributing...think of the original material they had to choose from!  The  Cure doing Depeche Mode!?!  What a concept--they do it brilliantly.  Self's  version of &quot;Shame&quot; is particularly wonderful and more than worthy  of airplay, as are many of the other tracks.  Only a couple of true  disappointments, including Veruca Salt's sleepy and dismal version of the  great &quot;Somebody&quot; and Monster Magnet's off-key and cheesy  &quot;Black Celebration.&quot;  In spite of these, this CD rocks, and will  please true DM fans and casual listeners alike!
B000001EPB|1.0|Lord of the Dance is an exploitive, fundamentally imperialistic piece of  work.  Unlike Riverdance, which managed to stay true to the tradition while  introducing new elements, Lord of the Dance wrenches all of its material  out of context and forces it towards one goal; glorification of Michael  Flatley.  I remember well the reviews in the Irish Times when the spectacle  first crawled out from under whatever rock it was born beneath, and I can't  make a better comment about the music than their reviewer, who said  something to the effect of &quot;it sounds as if the composer's only  familiarity with Irish traditional music came from listening to a couple of  old Horselips and Clannad albums.&quot;  If you care anything at all about  Irish music, don't buy this album.  Of course, if you're nothing but a  mindless twit who loves bombast and noise and hates heart and beauty...
0446605409|3.0|Plum Island is interesting in some ways and disappointing in others. I got  really tired of the narrator's attempts at humor. He tried too hard and it  did not ring true to me at all. Within hours of a personal tragedy he is  wise-cracking. The same things happen at the story's very tense ending. Do  people really crack jokes after tragic deaths and when they are in mortal  danger? Maybe but it rang false to me. On the positive side the story has  fascinating anecdotes about microbe research as well as pirate and buried  treasure lore. All things considered don't make a special trip out to buy  this book but if you don't have anything else to read it will wile away  some time. But be forewarned that Mr. Demille has done much better work!
0060923989|5.0|The book is crisp and witty in a very British way.  And most unsentimental  -- which makes the conclusion all the more cutting.
0399143904|3.0|Mr. Clancy's previous two books Debt of Honor and Executive Orders were  excellent.  This time, however, Mr. Clancy was obviously preoccupied during  the writing of this book -- a divorce, an attempt to buy the Minnesota  Vikings.  This book would have benefited from some serious editing.  The  740 page book should, by rights, be about 500 pages long.  The excess is  constant repetition.  If I had to listen one more time to the summary of  the bad guys' plan of action, I would have screamed.  If I had to hear one  more character say one more time that someone has &quot;been there and done  that&quot; or any of another dozen cliches, I would have puked.  Clancy's  strength is drawing up an exciting plot.  His weakness is trying to present  interior monologues from his characters.  He should concentrate on the plot  and give up the monologues -- they are so boring. As for the plot, he is  starting to rehash old ones.
B000005C1B|5.0|It all came together on those nights at the Coconut Grove. Roy Orbison had  friends like Springsteen and Elvis Costello and k.d. lang and Bonnie Raitt  to play with, a real engineer oversaw the mix, and his voice, that  incredible voice, never sounded better. I've heard this version of &quot;In  Dreams&quot; 500 times and it still brings tears to my eyes. Buy this. Now.
1556154844|5.0|This is just _the best book_ on computing programming I have ever found,  at least from a global viewpoint. It deals with all those little details I  had been wondering about for years (such as conditionals usage, variable  naming, and layout styles) in a so clear and open way. I also loved the  last part, devoted to software craftmanship, much more than any other  technical review on that issue. Definitely strongly recommended.
0451191153|5.0|this is simply the most amazing book i've ever read. theres no way to  describe it other than that...
B000005J56|4.0|It's a lively, energizing collection of sensuous &quot;latin-type&quot;  melodies. Some are hot, some are haunting. We love this disc!
B000000OQF|5.0|The first time I listened to this album, I thought they had more than one  lead vocalist, that's how good Axl Rose is!  I have owned it for over ten  years now, and I still listen to it more than anything else that I have!
0517122707|5.0|Characterizations to beat the band.  A smart, funny, romp through New  Orleans with several of it's most colorful denizens.  I give this book to  anyone who'll hold still long enough for me to shove it into an  unsuspecting bag or pocketbook.  I wonder if we'll ever fully realize the  loss of Mr. Toole.  I want so badly to know what happened to Ignatious and  The Minx upon arrival in NY!  Read and enjoy!
B000002U6E|2.0|Contrary to popular belief, Return to Innocence is a Taiwanese Ami Tribe  song called Kulauwai Divertimento II.  This is one of the three parts of  the original song.  It is usually performed by several senior tribesmen.   One person leads then the others follow or improvise.  .  These chants are  not performed by Native American(as stated in the printed intro), but  rather by Taiwanese aborigines.  But none the less, it is a descent CD with  one ripped off song.  But not as good as the live proformance by the
0449002632|4.0|I read Sarum and Russka years ago and remember them fondly.  London  follows the same course.  Many of the stories were too short, making it  difficult to identify with the characters.  But several characters will be  hard to forget, particularly the women: Susan Meredith, Sister Mable, Lucy  Dogget and Jane Flemming.  Perhaps certain episodes should have been edited  out entirely, but over-all this long read was worth the commitment.
0399143793|4.0|WOW!!! usually the second book flops but this one is a true winner!  i  prefered the storyline in the first book more than this one but i loved the  strong characters, great descriptive passages and the entire book just made  me turn the pages so fast!!!  my only admonition to all of you readers out  there....remember to take a breath now and then cuz i found myself holding  mine during several scenes!!!!   cannot wait for the next book in this  fantastic series! where has lee child been all these years? writing for  tv....what a waste!! think of alllllll the marvelous books we could've had  from him....but think of all the incredible books that will be coming from  him in the future!!!!  come on, lee, write faster!!!!
0887306713|4.0|Among the plethora of &quot;how to succeed&quot; management books, most of  them just an exercise in trying to create a bestseller, this one stands out  as bringing some fresh insight and information about succesful companies.  Apart from Peter Drucker, the only genuine intelectual writing about  business, this is one of the few management books worth reading.
0671799320|5.0|This book talks about the history of Oil and how it has affected the  world; past and present. It all makes sense! Did you know that Germany lost  WW2 partially due to the lack of Oil? Did you know that Rommel's Failure in  Libya was due to the lack of fuel to operate the tanks, and ironically the  last battles with the British took place over one of the worlds biggest Oil  reservoirs? Did you know that drive-in theaters, restaurants etc. were  initially started by Oil companies to encourage people to drive and buy  more Gas? There are many interesting and valuable facts in this book.
0887306128|5.0|Peter Drucker is the only person writing about busines who deserves to be  called an intellectual.
0399143904|4.0|Like many of the other reviewers on this page, I have read virtually all  of Clancy's books.  His early books were excellent reads but a few of his  more recent efforts seemed overblown.  This latest is the best in some  time.  Terrorism is unfortunately a timely subject and the Rainbow Six  concept is out of today's headlines.  There is an unreal sense of fabulous  success in the missions but this is fiction.  As for the subplot, think off  it as poetic license, dispense with reality for a few hours and enjoy the  patriotic and heroic acts of Rainbow Six.
0553212478|2.0|OK, I was really excited when I was given this book as a present.  I was  redy for entertaining, but cultured writing, new philosophic ideas, and  beautiful prose.  The only thing I found was philosophy, and not much if  that.  This book was probably much more appreciated at the time, for it was  truly a &quot;novel&quot; idea.  With all th enew science fiction and  horror novels of the time, the theme seems somewhat generic, and the  philosophic ideas presented about man are nice, but the story seems to be  put together hastily and without much consideration for details.  For  example, one second, Frankenstein (the creator of the monster) is studying  chemistry at a university, the next thing we know, he has the ability to  &quot;bestow life on an inatimate object!&quot;  Where did that come from?  Can we be any more random?  Such a complex story should have been longer  than 206 pages; perhaps a trilogy would have been more effective.  Only  read this if you are lookibg for a good thinking book, and have A LOT of  patience.
0792151712|1.0|Although a tremendous feat both technologically and logistically, TITANIC,  as a film and a work of art, fell far short of my expectations.  The script  was poorly written and poorly executed.  A second-grader could have written  more convincing dialogue. It was filled with cliches and inappropriate  modern references. Also, the performaces were lackluster, and DiCaprio  gives the worst performace of his otherwise spectacular career. It was very  hard to sit through a love story (especially a 3 hour one) and not care one  bit for any of the characters.  The actors can not be blamed, however.  As  a director, James Cameron is apparently more concerned with digital effects  and high-tech toys than with soliciting great performances from his actors.   The members of the TITANIC cast were reduced to the unfortunate roles of  &quot;props&quot; for the production. TITANIC had the potential to be one  of the greatest films of the century, but sadly, it turned out to be  nothing more than shallow Hollywood garbage with a slick glossy cover.     END
B000001DQI|5.0|I owned the double album version when it first came out and loved it then.   I recently went to see EJ in concert and decided to pick up this CD.  I'm  as crazy about it now as I was when I was in high school -- I'd forgotten  how GREAT this CD is.  If you don't have it, and you are an EJ fan, get  this CD.
B000002KET|5.0|I used to listen to them alot in the 70's and this album differed much  from what they had produced earlier, a more sophisticated, almost dreamlike   symphonic kind of sound that I remember as something very charateristic.  If you want only one Sabbath album this is a candidate.
0399143904|2.0|Clancy doesn't know what \\"bad guys\\" think, so he writes what good guys  think bad guys think. His black and white view of the world works best when  he minimizes character development and maximizes action. Unfortunately this  book is loaded with the interior thoughts of his characters. Chop 200 pages  off this book and it would be a passable thriller. For Clancy's next book,  the most important \\"good guy\\" would be a competent editor.
0399143904|2.0|While I would consider Tom Clancy one of my favorite authors and will  probably buy his next book, I was pretty disappointed in Rainbow Six. I've  heard that it is tying in to a computer game with the same name, and I'll  be darned if it didn't unfold just like some adventure game. You have your  &quot;easy&quot; levels (i.e., the bank, the mansion), &quot;medium&quot;  levels (the amusement park, the hospital), and &quot;hard&quot; levels (the  Olympics, the Project in Brazil and the mother of 'em all, Project  Kansas!). I've loved all of his previous books, and consider myself an  unabashed Tom Clancy fan, but the shallowness of this one left me somewhat  disappointed. Still a page-turner, but not Clancy at his best.
0399143904|1.0|Tom Clancy should be ashamed of himself. Its' (too few) action scenes are  suspenseful. The part of the book, however, that surrounds these minor  sub-stories is absolutely lacking in plot, character development or focus.  It's almost as if it were dictated as free-association , with little or no  thought given to story elements beyond, of course , reaching (in as many  unnecessary words as possible) Clancy's morally depraved ending.
0807106577|3.0|I'd been curious about this book for the past couple of years or so,  mainly on the strength of its breathless cover blurbs, its reviews on this  page, and what little I knew about the author's short life.  Finally my  brother gave me a dog-eared copy, and I read it at last.  Come on,  people... &quot;Brilliant&quot;?  &quot;Laugh-out-loud funny&quot;?  I  prefer my comedy to be humorous, I guess. (Last time I read something that  made me laugh out loud, it was by P. J. O'Rourke.)  I don't regret having  read this book, but I wouldn't go so far as &quot;brilliant&quot; or  &quot;hilarious&quot;; I'd draw the line at clever, well-crafted, and  droll.  While I never laughed out loud, I often smiled.  Toole's command of  the English language, his eye for detail, and his ear for dialect are all                 well-employed. Pity all the characters are so unpleasant!  You  laugh AT these people, most comfortably from a distance.   My main regret  is that Toole didn't live to write a sequel; I can... or really, can't...  imagine what messes Ignatius would get into in NYC.
B0000057C5|2.0|I really like rammstein's sound, but because of the strange lyrics I dont  listen to this CD very often. I have to say that I am German and so I am  able to understand the songs. Its not that easy to scare me but I really  dont appreciate songs about a father sleeping with his daughter (or a boy  with his sister), a guy killing his love, or SM-relationships.
0812550706|5.0|Wow!  A must read for any SF fan.  It is written with the same masterful  style and depth Card is loved for.  However, it is also one of the best  military SF books I've ever read!  Card rarely launches into military  writing, but this books leaves no doubt that he has the ability to do so.  I would like to see more!
0670880728|5.0|This was a fun read, just the right touch of lightness, but with enough  reality to make you care about the characters.
0399143904|1.0|I was extremely disappointed by this book.  After slogging 700 pages into  it, I gave up the effort and gave the book away.<br />Fundamentally, the  entire premise is flawed.  First, Clark and Chavez aren't very interesting  people unless you like government sanctioned killers.  Unlike Jack Ryan  (who, while obviously president, is never mentioned by name), they have  minimal ability, or more importantly, disposition to effect their  environment. Consequently, Clancy's efforts to build the story around them  becomes an exercise in tedium.  His effort to include their wives only  exacerbates the situation as this leads to the obvious comparison with  Patsy Ryan.<br />Secondly, it's a one idea book.  To wit:    Look, Ding,  Look....    See the terrorists....    Kill, kill, kill....    Train some  more.<br />Finally, I found the politics frightening.  Clancy's last two books  have evidenced a particular fondness for police state tactics.  Some  examples which spring to mind were: the press misreporting Waco and Ruby  Ridge, Oso expressing amazement when the terrorists were read their rights  and arrested (instead of being summarily executed as implied)and Clark's  statement that they were not bound by the niceties of the law.  The  depiction of the environentalist movement was so absurd as to be farcical.   <br />Overall, it was sloppy, wordy, mercilessly overlong and just downright  disinteresting.
B000002URV|5.0|I worry there's some creepy hidden message with tripped out new age music  like this like, but otherwise good. I think music is about the most  subjective thing there is so I ignore music critics and so feel free to  ignore this. &quot;Callas went Away&quot; is great even my mom likes it.  That'll probably make you skip it, but oh well.
0385484518|5.0|No one gets off Planet Earth alive, but the question is what do we do  while we're here?  Morrie's lesson to us all is both timeless and cogent.   A rare work indeed.  Kudos to Mitch Albom.  ...I am encouraged.
B000003S5H|5.0|The best album of the later half of the 20th century, only behind  Automatic for the People to be the best of the decade. It's mysiqueness can  liven you up, or put you to a deep sleep. Your frame of mind changes your  interperatation everytime you listen. A CD library isnt complete without.
6304539487|5.0|&quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; parallels apocalyptic and lyrically  haunting Sci-Fi films like &quot;Blade Runner&quot; and  &quot;Gattaca.&quot;  Amidst its intense and visually stimulating animation  lies the deeper theme of defining humanity in the context of a  &quot;modern&quot; technological society. In a world drowning in a cold and  infinite &quot;sea of information,&quot; &quot;Ghost,&quot; despite its  thick techno-jargon, compels us to ponder the ever-blurring break point  between what we perceive as life/self-consciousness, and artificial (i.e.  computer age-spawned) life. While the complex sub-plot about the enigmatic  &quot;Puppet Master&quot; may be difficult to follow, &quot;Ghost&quot;  ultimately drives home basic yet deep questions regarding humanity. Have we  humans underestimated the swiftly-growing power of technology, a monstrous  power which could one day overpower and trivialize humanity itself?   A  stunning and meticulously crafted work of art, &quot;Ghost in the  Shell,&quot; despite its token imperfections, is at once thought-provoking  and stimulating to even the most jaded Sci-Fi fanatic's palate. An instant  anime classic, &quot;Ghost&quot; is, I feel, the crowning glory of the  CyberPunk genre.     END
0812504488|5.0|This book isn't your typical horror story designed to keep you up at night  worrying about monsters under the bed.  It is far more frightening, as it  shows us the monsters we are capable of becoming.  Jekyll is a  well-intentioned character whose obsession for achievement transforms him  into something hideous and less than human.  Stevenson demonstrates that  &quot;the road to Hell is paved with good intentions&quot; in a way that  should keep us up at night.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album gets better each time I listen to it.  The futuristic feel that  Radiohead embodies is what draws me into the flow and emotion of an album  that is based on something we humans normally consider cold and  machine-like.  Subterranean Homesick Alien is one example of the  perspective shift the band is trying to achieve.
0767802659|4.0|I was lucky enough to watch this on a 100-inch projection set with enough  McIntosh audio gear to buy a top-end Lexus. The film transfer is excellent,  and the audio is spectacular. This is a movie that really shows off a good  dolby digital setup, and will put your subwoofer setup to the test.<br />The  movie itself was enjoyable. Young and ambitious kids go off to war, hoping  for glory and victory, and find that the price is often higher than  anticipated.     END
1563523302|5.0|This is an excellent book.  It points out many things that need to be  said, especially in light of today's instant gratification society.<br />It  pointed out some things about teaching the value of a dollar that I as a  parent need to know and implement.  As the evidence of our society is  showing, we're not doing our children any favors by giving them every  material posession.  It even brought light to some shortcomings in my own  personality about how I thought about money.  Even though I've held a job  since I was 16, &amp; that was in 1978, I didn't appreciate the value of a  dollar.  I liked what was said about parents leaving money to the children  who needed it least.  In your will, don't leave your money to the child who  is not responsible.  Leave it to the dilligent one.  Also, it points out  the moral imperative that we parents have to rear independent, dilligent  children.<br />I recommend this to new college grads along with &quot;The  Wealthy Barber&quot; and to parents of young children along w/ Dr. James  Dobson's &quot;Dare to Discipline&quot;.
B00000ADG2|5.0|In about a month or so, you will not be able to turn on the radio and NOT  hear a Lauryn Hill song...This album contains 16 songs, and each one of  them has potential to be a single....The album is beautifully written,  arranged &amp; produced.  The raps are strong and the vocals are even  stronger.<br />There is a beautiful duet with D'Angelo and also good  contributions from Mary J. Blige &amp; Shelly Thunder.<br />There is NOT a  weak spot on this album.<br />Let's all pray that this is the future of  HIP-HOP/SOUL....because Lord knows we need a change.
0670880728|2.0|I read this book in two evenings. Such garbage. It scares me to see how  many other reviewers could relate to Bridget's life! I HAD to read it for  my book discussion group. It's appeal is limited to those who, like  Bridget, are completely self-centered and oblivious to the real problems of  our times. The book's only merit is as an escape from reality.
0792151720|5.0|I musy have been the last person in the state of Arizona to watch Titanic.   I didn't think that there was any way that a movie could live up to the  expectations everyone had going into the theater.  I was wrong!  The movie  was magic.  It brought you into their world.  Although I must say the  nudity was a bit too much (totally unnecessary).  I guess that was the only  way to get guys to watch a chick flick.  The love story was a little thin,  too.  We all know that didn't happen back then when classes were so  divided.  I did like how we got to know Jack and Rose.  It made the ending  so bittersweet.  Kate Winslet did an outstanding job (However, I do agree  with Helen Hunt recieving the Best Actress Award) and Leo was good.   Despite the few flaws in Titanic, I do believe it is the most touching  movie I have ever seen.
B000002C25|1.0|i could hardly stand to listen to this cd for more than five  minutes.......it was so depressing and all the songs practically sounded  the same.....get What's the story morning glory....it rocks
B000002GYI|5.0|This album IS techno in it's purest form. Very soothing mix of cathcy  tunes by the godfathers of techno, Kraftwerk.
B000006NPY|4.0|Billy Corgan and the Smashing Pumpkins, in a bold and self-conscious  artistic statement, have done away with the former driving, bombastic idiom  of their earlier music. Gone is the powerful, richly textured multi-guitar  attack. For &quot;Adore&quot;, Corgan adopted a soothing, more sensitive  approach to the detailed instrumentation he felt was required for the  album. Chaimberlain's keen drumming was replaced by synth pads and doctored  computer loops.        The sound that the Pumpkins achieve on  &quot;Adore&quot; is rich and intense. The Pumpkins' new brand of rock  clearly makes visible its roots (goth rock, alternative, electronica  vis-a-vis techno) yet it manages to forge a new sound that is unique and  engaging. The problem lies in the songwriting. Apparently, Corgan focused  more on the texture of his new music than on the actual melodic content.  Consequently, the majority of the tunes on &quot;Adore&quot; lack the fine  craftmanship and intense melodicism that marked the Pumpkins earlier work  (particularly  &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;). However, the presence of a  handful of melodically worthy tracks (&quot;Ava Adore&quot;,  &quot;Perfect&quot;, &quot;For Martha&quot;) prove that Corgan has not lost  his ability to write a great song.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|Every album by Fugazi leaps them forward just when you think the rest of  the world is catching up with them...  Take all their previous releases  (even M-threat), add a new, er, fire, blend on high for a few minutes, then  slowly simmer. The result will be End Hits.
B000002NE4|5.0|Has Nick Cave written a Christian cd? The Boatman's Call is certainly rife  with religious symbolism, but then so are many of his past albums as well  as his novel And The Ass Saw The Angel. But this time it does feel  different. Is this a contrite apology for Murder Ballads? Is it something  that has always been there only seemingly distorted by Cave's satyr-like  persona and interest in the more morbid aspects of existence? There Is A  Kingdom is akin to a psalm, but to Christ or, to himself? Is the boatman of  the Lime-Tree Arbour the mythical Charon? Cave has always worked with  Christian imagery, the dilemman and enigma here lie in the artistic  distance between 1982's Big Jesus Trash Can and There Is A Kingdom. But  that is also the distance of fifteen years! This cd is hypnotically  beautiful, eminently listenable, it is a dark dream from which to awaken  with hope. It is a love letter, both to and from the one who knows jilted  rage and fulfilled ecstasy. I hope Cave knows that if you allow  the  Boatman to take  you across the River of Death you had best hide your  silver coins inside your mouth so that you may pay him to ferry you back!
B000002KHF|5.0|This album is, quite simply, one of those albums that needs to be a part  of any CD collection...small or large.
0060977493|3.0|I loved the descriptions used by the author, so original, unusual and easy  to visualize.  I found myself laughing out loud often.  It was easy to  relate to the family and their predicaments and the innocence of the  children.  The method of moving back and forth from the present to the past  was a bit confusing, I was a bit put off by this, however,  it didn't take  long to get caught up in each new story.  I look forward to reading more of  Roys work in the future.
0792151720|5.0|Titanic is a great movie, they way Cameron choose to work with the finest  detail is fabulous, even if you didn't like the plotline between Jack and  Rose, this movie provides a great view of the Titanic that is pretty  accurate.     END
0670880728|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this, even from a man's perspective!
B000002513|5.0|This album is the ultimate Bruce collection.  The songs are pure poetry.   If you own only one album, this is the one.
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd's DSOTM is one of the very best albums of all time. The best  album by the best band in the world. It's a classic that will continue to  open the ears and minds of music listeners for generations to come. The  album is not effected by age and changing fads and music styles. The album  is meant to be listened to all the way throught because the album is a  masterpiece that was carefully constructed to give the listener the best  possible experiance. Though best when heard all the way through, individual  songs like Time, Money, and Brain Damage are incredible, incredible works  along with the other songs. The album contains wonderful music some with  amazing words and others by themselves to make inspiering instrumentals.  The album is best to listen to at 4:20. If you play the album along with  the movie, &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot;, after the lions third roar, it  will go along with the movie. Believe buy this album and try it. NO MUSIC  COLLECTION IS A MUSIC COLEECTION WITHOUT IT!
B000002HH2|5.0|I LOVE BJORK and this is a GREAT example of her superb work yet again.   Hyper-ballad is my favorite song,,, She has such hauntingly beautiful  lyrics.. i LOVE HER&gt;. i just got her import GLING GLO.. she is so cute  in her native tongue also... Sugarcubes rock becuz of BJORK&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
0399143904|1.0|My anticipation has turned into disappointment.  The first hundred pages  seemed to be very exciting then it stopped.  I find the book to be very  long-winded... Instead of 740 pages, the book could have been cut to 540  pages.  I am very disappointed.  His best book is Clear and Present Danger.   Would I recommend this book? No.
