B004DN8F4S|2|i bought this mirror after an extensive search, because of all the good reviews. honestly, i should have listened to the 2star reviews.  the right light on the mirror stopped working after 1 month of use.  i thought it was the light bulb so i purchased one. turns out it's the lamp what doesn't work. now i have to return the mirror AND the light bulbs i bought for it.<br />the one positive thing... Amazon customer service. they were absolutely helpful.
B000PILEWA|5|I've been using Bronner's Castile soap for many years, and I have no adverse reaction to it in any way--unlike other soaps. Unfortunately, it is very expensive, and that's even with me diluting it.
B001ST3QOO|5|I love it. It made my face hydrating.Somebody said it will make face a little bit painful, but I never felt about it.
B000O3OZD6|5|I was looking for a makeup case that was a little bigger than the the cases I had found online. The Shany case was a perfect size.
B003TBYW74|4|The Kelo-cote helped with redness and swelling that I had experienced from a surgical procedure.  Easy to use too!
B00BGVM95Q|4|Great product! Shipped relatively quickly but the shampoo was leaking when I recieved it... It needs to be better secured because of the pump.
B00ISDOYV2|5|This is great stuff......try it you will like it.
B0045U0GAK|1|These razors cut my legs every time I used them.  I bought a pack of 15 and they are terrible. I went through many of them just to see if I had a couple of duds that were made badly but they all seemed to have the same problem.  Buyer beware they have a major ouch effect with each purchase.
B006UET4XE|4|This eyeliner goes on very easily and it's easier to control the line than with a brush. However, it still may take some practice to do it right. I do not think it's waterproof. Wish it came in dark brown too.
B001CBHOJQ|5|Great color- I love the creamy texture and finish. I wish they kept adding more colors to this line.  I also purchased Flamingo Pink and loving that too- although not quite as creamy.
B000CCG3ZW|5|<br /> This product is great for blemish prone skin. It leaves you clean and it's not drying. Simple and gentle.
B000W12XA2|4|This is a great toner after cleansing your face.  You can see the difference between this and other toners. I would buy this again
B001QOGXOG|5|I bought this for my sister.  She loves it, and her friends can tell obviously her skin gets fine and fair in just 2 weeks after continuous usage.  Many of her colleagues now have purchased the same device.  It's also cheaper to buy from individual shop.  I can't comment on other shops, but this one I purchased is a genuine product, we have compared with the other devices we purchase from the official Clarisonic website.
B006WVCF1I|4|Pricewise it is a great product too. it lightly moisturizes and covers and smoothes bare skin. a little dab will do ya-
B0017WOI8U|5|I leave an impression in the room I want the lotion to this and the entire Victoria secret line wish I can give it a ma million stars. I want the love spell I want the lotions Happy Holidays  Val.
B008MEWW48|5|Perfect match and looks natural! THe price is right,too. I wear it nearly ever day.A timesaver.CAme on time just like it says.
B0086VI9LW|4|Once my kids were only enough I immediately switched them over to Sonicare kids toothbrushes.  They definitely work much better than the other kids rotating toothbrushes.  Since my kids are younger they still chew on the head sometimes which wears them out a bit quicker.  This makes it a bit more expensive to replace.  But still worth it knowing that with has much vibration the Sonicare toothbrush puts out it even if they shortened their brushing they are still getting much more in than using just a regular rotating brush.
B008ZZ26CC|1|Not really a fan of these hair towels. They dont really dry your hair well.
B009PAI1TI|5|Have used this for about 8-10 months...it is a great way to set my curls so they will stay...It does not interfere with color and cause any dryness.<br />My scalp is sensitive and so far this has caused &#34;No problems&#34;<br />I like to order it far in advance so as not to run out.<br />Great and so much better than Mousse for my hair...
B00DJ57GVE|1|Wrong product received! Beware you may receive different products than what is stated. I received a foundation, primer and powder. The packaging for items was damaged. Don't waste your money.
B000GD92PU|5|Okay so even as a child I had zits and oily skin filled with blackheads starting at about age 9 or 10. I've always had very sensitive oily skin, so when puberty hit I looked like a spokeskid for proactiv my acne was so bad. Nothing worked to help minimize the pimples, so I popped a lot of them OOPS. Now that I'm an adult I hate seeing women with beautiful skin and mine still being oily and scarred. I bought this product thinking \\"maybe\\" as there was bad and good reviews. So far GREAT! I've been using it twice a day, and I can already see my skin getting brighter, and my scars are fading after only 4 days!!!! I am seeing some small bumps on my forehead, so I stopped one day and they've already cleared up. I think I'll just use the cream on my forehead every other day. I want women or men too to know that I have always had to wear foundation, whether its just a slightly tinted BB cream, full coverage non noncomedogenic (always good for sensitive acne-prone skin), or just a matte powder, ALWAYS worn because of my acne scars. In the past few days of me using this, it is helping so much I don't even check my foundation anymore during the day! Hopefully soon enough I won't have to wear any at all. (A girl can dream) But I really like this product, some women say it smells funky? IDK what they're on, you can hardly smell anything, and it smells light and flowery, no weird residue, blends in with skin after a few moments. I LOVE IT!
B004SKTB3U|5|Exactly what I wanted and needed
B000VJH6HU|5|Broke first time in use but seller sent me two. and I believe the plastic  was dry out and hard and that's why it broke but the new ones I received it was flexible and works no problems got results I was looking for and received compliments. just like old times, didn't think they still sold this item. I had it years ago.  Yes will buy again. Hope this helps.
B001AO0WCG|1|My hair was heavy and lifeless.  I tried putting less and less on my hair to keep this from happening, but it didn't work.  Just washing my hands after applications should have told me how greasy the product is.  It took two washings to get the oil off my hands.
B003I87A86|5|I used this product for decades. I had to stop recently as it was no longer covering the white hair.  I understand from my hair cutter that as we age the hair gets harder and harder to penetrate with dye. I had to get another dye recently that I suppose has more of that chemical that gets the dye to penetrate the hair shaft. Some people say that Bigen makes their scalp itch. That did happen to me in the last 2 years, but I want to report here that for me I finally figured out that was due to excessive hair washing trying to get the product to dye sufficiently. I owe 20 years of successful hair dying of very hard to dye white hair to Bigen. Try it if you think to! Its cheap and easy to use. Oh.. one word of warning. It will stick to some surfaces.. for ever. My old linoleum floor in my bathroom has dark brown spots that I can't remove. However, it didn't ever stick to my sink or bathtub. If you think it will stick to some surface, you will have to cover the surface with something. Usually, though it doesn't stick. I have used it in hotel bathrooms, etc, with no problems.
B006WTX5PU|1|The consistency of the nail polish was more watery and smelled off compared to other nail polishes, as though it had been diluted by acetone.
B004VMGTY4|5|I would totally recommend this to a friend. I use it nearly everyday, and my skin has never been irritated by it. I love that a little of it goes a long way, that I can put it on before my makeup and my face isn't left all oily, and the sweet, spicy smell of it. You only need a tiny little dab to cover the dry areas, so the price is well worth it. This little bottle will last me a long time!
B00D7DDYVO|5|This perfume was well packed, delivered in a timely way, and exactly as described. Excellent.
B00BWH0VFO|5|My wife loves this product. We first used it, in a Hotel we were staying at in Tucson AZ.
B0018OVKQ0|3|If u have sensitive skin be careful how much and how hard u brush the bristles can be a little rough in tender areas. Helps underarm dirt and darkness
B001PDDEVS|3|This is my first brush as I am just getting into the wet shaving scene. The brush make and quality is good and for it's price it does what it needs to do. The bristles I must say is a bit stiff and you can definitely feel it, but at this price I am not complaining. I just wanted something to serve as a shaving brush that will not burst the bank and this brush does exactly that.<br /><br />The other plus point is also that since it's synthetic brush no badger had to die to make this.
B009DLR3HK|2|I love the Mary Kay formula, but when I received the bottles they were only half full. It seemed as if they were used
B00LEE3BTI|5|Wonderful deshedding tool for dogs. I even used it on my cat. She liked how it felt and she let me keep brushing her gently with it. I love how it has two different sides for brushing. The head flips over and you get another type of comb. One is for daily combing and the other is for deshedding and removing excess fur. It’s very convenient because it has two different combs in one brush. Just flip the head over to get the other comb. The comb stays in place so you don’t have to worry about it flipping over on you either. This dog grooming and deshedding tool is strong, sturdy, and durable. It also has a lifetime guarantee, which is a plus. I bought this product at a discount and I love it. I bought the small dog grooming too and it's perfect for my dog. Highly recommended!
B00K5ZN0CU|5|Great product!
B003YCH1G2|5|I don't even have the words to describe this product, I love it so much! And I tell all my friends about it! I have SUPER SENSITIVE skin and every anti-wrinkle product I have ever tried irritation my skin like crazy and the retinol stuff in them made my skin not only red but even peel off in layers! Pain and terror!! And products like Oil of Olay made me break out. This stuff is however completely none-irritating in any way! Nothing, no redness, no pain, no peeling! Seriously, this is a first for me! And on top of it it WORKS!! I bough it out of desperation, tried a sample for three days and could see it was gentle on my skin and started to make my skin smooth and glowy looking...already. So I bought the bottle and after only about a week of using it I could see those deep wrinkles smoothing and softening. Very noticeable! So I kept using it and also loving how it make my face with makeup glow. And after a while I remembered about the wrinkles that i used to have, looked in the mirror and realized that I didn't have ANY of them anymore. I don't know how long had passed, didn't even notice until they disappeared, but I can tell you right now they are 100% gone, there is not a single wrinkle on my face. So yeah, can you say LOVE? For sure!!
B004B9C8MO|5|I first tried Perfective Ceuticals Divine Age Guardian Cream with Growth Factor a little while ago when one of my best friends bought is as a sort of gag gift for my birthday. We all got a good chuckle out of it at the time, but once I started using it (why not, right?) I quickly came to realize that it was the most thoughtful gift anyone has given me in quite some time. After using it for just a short time, my face felt so much firmer and started to look like the version of my face I only thought I'd see again by flipping through old photo albums. Now I see it in the mirror every day! My face has only gotten better since then, and I'm still not used to people exclaiming over how youthful my skin looks! I just ordered a second jar, and there is no question that the price tag is 100% worth it. Plus, I love the pretty blue sphere design. The cream itself has a wonderfully fresh, delicate floral scent. The texture is thick and rich but the cream soaks in pretty quickly so anyone bothered by heavy-feeling beauty products doesn't have to worry about this one.  I have to say: anyone out there who is vacillating between this Perfective Ceuticals face cream and some other anti-aging cream, stop thinking about it! Scroll back up and click that order button. You won't regret it!
B00005380N|1|This razor flexes excessively in places you do not want it to.  It ends up cutting and nicking more than any other razor I have used.
B00SG733XK|4|I got this in my mail today from the Wet n' Wild giveaway on Instagram. I just tried it and I must say I like it. It makes my lashes long. I'm not sure about the volume as it clumps at the third application. I tried wiggling the applicator tip at the bottom and then waving outwards, it clumped less this time. The color is a dark matte black. I'm going to pair it with my Maybelline manga to spread out my lashes and maintain the flexibility of my lashes and to seal in the moisture. The wet-dry mix works for me.<br />The cost wasn't an issue as I got it for free. But it is pretty cheap compared to many other mascara brands. It is very similar to Mac False Lashes extreme black. It has the same effect on my lashes.
B00BL18J8W|5|Simply put, the best deodorant on the planet earth. Will attract unicorns and hot women.
B001VEK1HQ|5|Keeps the shaver at peak performance after one year or 18 months of use.
B005B9F4KQ|4|I received my strips in the mail and couldn't wait to try them out. This design was the first to catch my eye, so that is what is on my fingers now. I use the Sally Hanson ones pretty regularly and saw these online and decided to give them a try.   PROS:  -Fun designs  -Inexpensive  -Very easy to apply  -Online pictures don't show how vibrant the designs are. They look nice onscreen, even better in person.  CONS:  -Very, very thin. You have to be very careful when removing them from the sheet  -No extras. With the Sally Hanson's you get at least 16 strips in the pack. This is one sheet of 10...better be gentle and hope for the best.  -The fit is okay. I found some of them to be cut a little bit wider than Sally's, but I still have a couple of fingers that the strip doesn't cover the entire nail.  -Due to the delicate nature of the strips, removing and reapplying to try and make them smooth is a hassle as they can tear. Sally's are way more durable.  Overall, I like my purchase. I take it for what it's worth. At $4-$5 per set, I wasn't expecting high quality. I just wanted something fun and funky for my nails. I have several more sets that I bought that I will try out, including some where you need to cut the strips yourself. These particular strips are pre-cut so it was very quick to apply. Even with the crinkles (I was trying hard to smooth them out, but since these are so delicate, didn't go as hard as I normally would), with a coat of clear on the top, you can't even tell that there are some crinkles in the polish. The dark color helps also. Would I buy again and try other patterns? Sure. My only wish is that it was made clear that on the pre-cut strips, that you only receive 10 strips.
B00GPWYF94|5|My skin looks better after using it for 2 weeks. We will see what it does for my wrinkles. It is too soon to tell! I have sensitive skin and so far it hasn't been a problem.
B004LXHMTO|5|I like it!  It's very pretty and it holds my hair well.
B000JKEB38|5|Best price for the product that I could find online.  Item arrived in the estimated time frame and everything was as it was described.
B009YE6JDK|5|I did pretty good on the 3 sets that I did on my own hands. With each new set I got better and the product was just as described. Love the O.P.I. cuticle oil too.
B009M6VR6O|1|I used this product before, but the one I received in the mail felt watered down, definetely not the same as the original product that I am used to.  It was delived on time, but felt dissappointed in the product itself.
B006KTTGC8|1|If I could give zero stars I would.  This product is old and stringy.  The tube is a different color than the one you get at the store and the brush is different too!  I think it might be a knock off.  Save yourself the time and get it at the store.
B001E96M94|5|Super product.  Have tied a lot of lotions; this one leaves skin well cared for, especially those dry winter legs.
B0044QDX2S|3|It's just ok - I didn't get much out of it except that it seems to protect from dryness
B000XYD7CG|5|These are a larger version of the usual size of snap clips worn by little girls.  They don't slip and come in fashionable colors and patterns.
B001FWXI6U|5|very good
B004H4VQ4Y|5|Very good for my hair in the  summertime humidity
B002Z7EOOE|5|good for the skin.
B00E0KL690|5|This is the best primer I've used. Birchbox included it a few months back and now I'm sold on it.
B00HC8O3QU|5|Did its job.
B005SHR4LS|5|This stuff delivers volume!
B000UK4Y5M|2|I purchased relacement blades for my Norelco shaver. I've done this previously and was satisfied with the improved shaving. This time, the blades they sent are worse than the ones that are a year old.  The new blades are of a different design and DO NOT shave as well as the old blades.    Not Happy
B002CMLHC4|3|I have very fine and limp hair, I like the Matrix products and started out using the Biolage volume therapie Creme Gel of which I can no longer find the product, the bodifying conditioner works well but not the same as the creme gel.
B004ZWMC0A|1|This shampoo caused my hair to fall out. After using this product for a couple of weeks my shower drain would fill with hair each time I shampooed. I stopped using it and switched to a different brand of shampoo (Selson Blue) and my hair loss stopped and eventually my hair grew back. The ingredient Sodium Laureth Sulfate is the source of the problem. Sodium Laueth Sulfate's only function in shampoo (and also in toothpaste) is to make the product appear more foamy. Sodium Laueth Sulfate is known to be a skin irritant, it contains carcinogens, and it should never be applied to your skin. Before purchasing this product do yourself a favor and Google &#34;Sodium Laureth Sulfate&#34; and see for yourself.
B000L596FE|5|What?! I wish I had this brush a looong time ago. It goes through my naturally curly and tangled, wet hair like butter. Magic MAY or may not be involved when using this product. Wow
B00H93NJLS|5|I love how soft and radiant my skin looks using this product for just two weeks.  It never feels dry and not oily either.  Just great!
B007HJ9VFM|5|wonderful tool......thank u
B006Z5K3FG|5|The colors are extremely bright and work really well! They are so sparkly and pretty, and there isn't a color you cant have by combining them
B004M1BO3U|5|Love this product - my dentist told me to get an electric toothbrush, and he specifically recommended Sonicare. I am so happy with how my teeth feel after using it, and love how easy it is to clean.
B003R316WI|1|I had really high hopes...but they were let down quickly when I used this product.  it is messy and did not do what it said...nothing changed with my pores at all.
B00ATLVNIS|5|I love this product. I use this product before the bed and it makes my skin look healthy and glow all day long.
B001TJHXVK|5|This is my favorite hair dye.  It smells nice, makes my hair so soft, and it has the longest lasting color out of all the different brands I've tried.  It fades to a pretty red-violet color, so if I get lazy it doesn't look awful til I get around to coloring it again.
B00KISWGSS|5|It does what it say it does..luv it
B00BJ0QHOS|5|Love the fragrance and it last for a long time. This would be a nice summer scent for you.<br />Would definitely recommend to others.<br /><br />Thanks, Jimmy!
B0009DT39C|5|This little trimmer works great for trimming that facial hair that is so undesirable for women to have. Doesn't pull it out by the root, just trims it nice and short, and works well for both downy hair and those thicker, black hairs that grow in random spots on face and neck. I'm very happy with mine.
B004CQ710U|5|THESE THINGS REALLY WORK.
B003A3I7XG|5|I really enjoy this product. I purchased coconut butter, and tried that. I liked it but I started to have a small reaction to the odor over time, which was disappointing. I bought some cocoa butter, and try that for a while, but for some reason in the winter developed a reaction to that. It seemed that both irritated my nasal passages in the winter. It felt like I was having allergy symptoms. I have always liked aloe vera, having grown up using it in South Florida. I figured I would try this and I have been very pleased. It really holds in moisture, is easy to put on-at least is easy as coconut butter or cocoa butter-and has no discernible odor. I have been using it for a month now with great results, and no respiratory response. I never would have thought to buy aloe vera butter. I had never even heard of it. I would highly recommend it, especially if you have sensitivities to other moisturizers.
B000BGT8XS|5|My husband has had a lung transplant and it is critical that he wipe his hands frequently when out in public, after shaking hands with people, touching surfaces, etc. This is the ONLY wipe that does the job. The size is right, the quality is the best, and we bought a box of the smaller ones nearly a year ago and we just can't use them up... They are like the cheap airlines hand wipes they used to give you... or at some restaurants... Horrible...  They are too small, rough to the skin, and dry out too fast. I will be writing to the manufacturer about their decision to discontinue these for a far inferior product, but in the meantime, I am so glad Amazon is offering the original size!
B006UXQMJO|4|As far as false lashes go, these are some of the best. I love that they are made of real hair. They are light and can be worn all day without giving my sensitive eyes any problems. I have to cut these a little bit to make them fit my eyes. Most of the time I don't have to cut the end of false lash strips but after that, they fit perfectly.<br />Love the glamorous look!
B00AXL7YH8|5|I have finally found an affordable solution to my fine limp hair.  I have spent so much money on so many products that made promises it just did not deliver.  Here is what I do to help my limp fine thinning hair look the best it can look.<br /><br />I have to make a note that I also use the john frieda luxurious volume Shampoo AND Conditioner (I don't usually use conditioner but this stuff rocks) AND I use the Infinity Spinning Air Brush.<br /><br />The Shampoo and conditioner leave my hair shiny and soft.  The blow out spray in conjunction with the Infinity Spinning Brush gives my hair a very nice PUFF.  The heat and spinning brush against my roots (which have been sprayed with the blow out spray) gives my hair added volume that gives the illusion that I have beautiful and LOTS of hair.
B00E847GI8|4|seems to be a good product that firm the skin without drying it.<br />I've used it now for about 10 days and so far so good.<br />At the price it sells, it is a good buy.<br />AKL
B00AISLO2W|4|I have had  a hard time finding a green top kind case so I was thrilled when I found this. It is described as green but was very disappointed when I received the order and it was NOT GREEN!  I said o well my loss at least I can add it on to my black kind case that I have had for a while now but then found out that they make two different sizes. The treehouse is more narrow and taller so it doesn't fit the standard size. Still a great case but u may not get the color described.
B000BD2L8K|2|This caused my lips to burn and chap more....not sure the ingredients work for me. I love the smell so i was bummed to stop using it.
B00SMIIR0W|5|BEST RAZOR I EVER BOUGHT. didn't buy from Amazon, bought at CVS -in store. Marked as $12 but had a $1 off coupon on the box. Also got $3 in &#34;CVS Extra Bucks&#34; which is like in-store credit, for purchasing the box of 5 replacement blades for $20. I have very sensitive skin and have always suffered from razor burn and in grown hairs especially in my bikini area. I have been using this product for about 1 month with the original blade (probably time to change it out now) and im thrilled at how smooth my skin is. No razor bumps or ingrown hairs at all, anywhere on my body! Highly suggest it ladies. Its worth the money! - nothing to say about this particular seller tho or Amazon, because like I said I bought it at my local CVS pharmacy. I have purchased from Amazon before and always been pleased.
B000GHVIKI|4|Gracias, el perfumen llego a mis mano rapido, muy buen perfume, gracias al vendedor.
B0007MW2ZW|5|Outstanding.  I'm an everyday shaver, including my head, and this is the best cream on the market.  This is the 5th time I re-purchased it.  I highly recommend it if you're an everyday shaver.
B00ID1A5TO|1|Shipped timely. Didn't particularly like the product
B002B4GGUG|5|This product arrived very fast! It shipped out within hours of placing the order, and got here before the estimated date. The first thing you notice is the softness of the brush, it feels like a cloud or a baby's skin. Also the brush is very dense, which is something I was worried about. Another thing I was worried about was shedding, but I don't think it has lost a single bristle or hair since I got it. It is a very high quality brush. My makeup goes on flawlessly, and I find myself using less makeup than usual. There is only one problem; the brush holds onto the products I use a little too well making cleaning it a bit difficult. Otherwise the product is perfect, and I am very satisfied!
B0046AAVR2|4|Cheapest price for these expensive heads. They work well though.
B000063JE2|5|My favourite cosmetic product ever, have purchased this many times. Have had to purchase out of the country as no longer made in Australia.
B00NAOTEK0|5|Wonderful
B0012HCCNI|5|Love this stuff! I love the smell. It really works to control odor (though I am not a very smelly person to begin with, so I am not sure how it works for extreme odor needs). It will not keep you from sweating, but I don't mind. I think the body needs to sweat.
B0000AFUSY|3|It does takes about 10 minutes longer to dry my hair then what was referenced in the instructions mannual for the length of my hair and size of the curlers used.  It would be wonderful if the force of the air coming from the unit could be improved. The size of the hose could be longer. There is very little ability to move around because the hose is too short once you are seated in a regular chair and have placed the unit on a table. BUT---It is more gentle on my hair than a curling iron and I have both hands free to put on my make-up, lotion my feet, put oil on my cuticles... while my hair is drying.  It is also helpful to heat the soft cap before putting the cap on.
B005N9BP4I|5|A must have for any skin issues. Goodbye neosporine, you have been replaced with a product that works much better. I don't like the 7oz size though, it's challenging to squeeze it out of the container.
B000AADEP8|5|Use every time I change my nail color!
B00I54SLW2|5|Arrived on time.  my wife loved it
B00BKUHH50|5|super fast shipping! great nail polish! Thank you!!!
B0036WTV2C|5|Fantastic item so easy to use
B000FP3MAA|4|I ordered this for my wife.  She has been waging war on her hair for her whole life it seems and this, more than any other product, has had a positive effect.  She has very curly hair and it tends to be dry so she's always adding oils to it, which weighs it down a lot.  After using this, her hair feels much silkier.  She likes it as well.
B009KY411Q|5|The Chamomile Essential oil was shipped promptly and the product was exactly as expected. I was very pleased with Nature's Kiss Chamomile Essential Oil.
B00AUUHJU4|4|Authorities are investigating whether a high-speed police chase in Texas is related to this week's shooting death of Colorado's prison chief, a sheriff's office said
B007DVDZBK|5|Love this product and super fast service!!! Will definitely be buying again
B00132TISE|1|I was enthralled by the infomercial on this product. I debated ordering it for so long because of the cost, but decided to go for it. I actually ordered from Conair direct, and the product was on back order for a month.  In fact, they lost my internet order and had me place it over the phone, and low and behold, I received two straighteners and was charged twice....  Anyways, I was still excited to try the product.  I have hair that falls past my shoulders that is very thick, and naturally wavy.  I filled the reservoir and turned the heat to the second highest setting.  I had to further turn it up to the highest setting to get better results.  I had to go over each section more than once, saving NO time!  I was still left with fly-aways.  I really don't see anything wonderful about this product, except that it looks nice. I took advantage of their offer and returned it, so I lost like $23 with shipping and handling. I'd go with a better quality salon straightener, or use one of Conair's other products that are less expensive and work a lot better.
B003YJAZZ4|5|Shaving was not easy ever....until I got it. I was having hard time to shave before, with Braun 7-790cc no more pain on my face.
B00A7T4EJM|3|The product itself, is good.  I feel it's expensive for the small amount.  I wouldn't rule out purchasing this again.
B007AS61TE|5|This cleaner doesn't dry out my face or make me brake out, it makes my face nice and clean and has even cleared my completion :D
B00385WMIM|5|I used to buy disposable flimsy plastic shower caps until I came across this one two years ago.  I will never use anything else.  I have very thick hair down to my lower back.  This shower cap holds it all with room to spare.  The elastic has held tight with almost daily use for two years.  It's still in the same shape as when I purchased it.  It doesn't smell like some other caps tend to over time.  I just bought another cap in case anything happens to my current one.  I can't recommend this shower cap enough.
B006QEKE0U|5|I purchased this for my 13 year old grand daughter's birthday. Although she is not permitted to wear make up yet other than lip gloss, she is curious about how to apply it and which colors are suitable for her skin. She absolutely loved it. I also purchased the Bobbi Brown Beauty Rules: Fabulous Looks, Beauty Essentials, and Life...,  along with a set of make up brushes.
B00521MSJS|1|Their Not What i Expected Worst Product Ever It Doesn't Even Come With The Glue And They Don't Last Long
B009KF8SA0|5|This little set was exactly what it advertised.  The lip gloss is a pretty pink, smooth and soothing.  The mascara and eye liner both work well and are sufficiently long lasting.  Bare Minerals manufactures great products and this set fits the bill.
B0051BV8ZE|1|too drying for my fine hair, thought is would be more moisturizing due to Argan oil, but it is not, very dissapointed
B0001MC06Y|4|Overall, I really like this product. It hasn't totally cleared up my skin, but I'm noticing less breakouts. I have been using it for about a month now.  It does dry out my skin just a little too much but moisturizer fixes that.<br /><br />If you have tried every acne product out there like I have, I recommend giving this product a try. It's the best I have tried.
B0006GZB7U|4|It didn't do this magical thing to my skin, however, it did exactly as it was designed to.. which was remove the left over grime after washing my face. I recommend it but haven't had enough experience with a variety of toners to be able to give a solid recommendation.
B008PJZXT6|5|Love this product works so much better than the battery operated one. I highly recommend it with the extra course rollers
B00C4207LY|5|Perfect for the price! Can't complain at all :)
B000ELP5KA|4|I was expecting this to have a drop opening like my lavender bottle does... It looks like it may be stuck inside the cap.
B0013IP7HY|1|Slightly less than a year ago (late September 2009) I was getting low on Pears, but couldn't find it at my local Denver, Colorado, USA, area stores, so I bought a 12-bar carton from Amazon. Now I only have 4 bars left, and so today I bought some bars at a local Dollar Tree store. I did notice the packaging changes, but I didn't realize the extent of the disaster until I got home, compared a new box with an old, and saw the strange new ingredient list. That motivated me to open a new box, which revealed the new plastic/cellophane wrapping.  I opened it and was greeted by the horrible new odor! It's quite a nasty-smelling formulation, reminiscent of some kind of insecticide or industrial cleaning product. I bet Unilever uses the wrapper to disguise the disgusting smell. I immediately returned the bars. Unfortunately, this probably means that Amazon also no longer has the old formula, unless a savvy and honest seller specifically says that they have the original product. Such a shame for a great 220-year-old brand, which Unilever has totally ruined. Needless to say, I won't be buying the horrific \\"New Pears\\" formula.
B00KJEQTE8|5|Really brings out the true color! The bleach is a bit on the stinky side. But the bleach really goes good and gets the color out of your hair!<br />The green was amazing and any color I have heard good reviews. People say its liquidy but all I had problems with was it squirted out to fast! It was the best hair color I have ever used! I highly recommend it!!!
B007Q0WW0S|5|I have super long, thick hair that gets tangled easily. I've tried all sorts of serums and heat sprays, including purology, paul mitchell, biosilk, chi, you name it, I've probably tried it. I am so glad I found this product, 'cause now it's all I need, heat spray and serum and leave in conditioner all in one. I love it! It smells good too and my hair has never felt so soft and been so manageable!
B004X853U2|4|Hard to find something to clean all my diecast with~found right product with these!! THANK YOU!!
B00CN4GQT0|5|Great price and good quality
B003Z4OD24|5|This is my second order. I also use it for a scrub on my arms and neck. My skin feels soft and more even toned.
B00D3G6JAS|1|doesnt work, used al 24 by intructions and 0 results, the strips are impossible to keep on past 15 minutes
B000SQ7BW6|5|I love this perfume! I am glad so see women with bad reviews on this product maybe others wont buy and there will be plenty for me!! I love the smell and always get stopped and asked ....What are you wearing??
B000JNQSIQ|5|I've been using it for years. No issues whatsoever and the number blades are very handy.
B00GMP3504|5|I order this lotion for a friend who has a prosthetic leg. He can no longer find it in stores. He find it superior for lubricating his stump for the leg socket. Great stuff, he says
B0035CRMEC|5|I have very dry, thin hair and a conditioner that doesn't weigh down my hair is hard to find.  This product is GREAT.  I love that it's a leave in conditioner, (saves on water :-)).  I also travel a lot and when I'm in a dryer climate I use a little more than when in a more humid area, and regardless of the amount I use, it never weighs my hair down and is great for eliminating frizzies.  In addition the bottle seems to last forever.  I highly recommend it.
B003FXE9RO|5|I love this product! It is a double applicator. (Black mascara on one end, purple mascara on the other. )<br />I have brown eyes and the purple color is subtle. It is dark enough to be a contrast with my eyes and in certain light the purple can be seen. I wish I could buy tubes of only the purple mascara end. I ONLY use the purple end, and throw the black away. I have used this product for years and always receive compliments. It is easy to wash off, and has never been irritating. I have never purchased more of the same mascara repeatedly than this specific brand and color.
B001CY5OSQ|5|I love this product!  I use it when my hair is wet before diffusing it, and I also will use it when it's dry to redefine or tame the curls/frizzies the next day.  I have never been able to sleep on my curls and then have my hair down the next day, but with this product I can actually do that!
B005ESKN2I|3|This argan oil is absorbent and light. Not sure why its so expensive. I have used better argan oils that are not as expensive as this. However, it was a nice product which I was able to use while pregnant.
B000C1ZDTU|5|I love Lovely.  It's such a nice, clean, fresh scent.  It's too expensive for me in the few department stores that carry it, so this was a great deal.
B000TBKKB4|5|This hairspray has good hold but is light and non-sticky.  I've purchased other sprays only to go back to this one.  It has a light, pleasant smell but what I like best is the fine mist that lands on my baby fine hair.  It doesn't have that wet heaviness some hairsprays have.
B005MZMET8|3|Not strong enough for winter, which is when I needed it most, and bought a whole range of hand lotions as a result. After application, I could still see and feel dryness. I kind of forgot I had it and stopped using it.
B0081HPH2U|5|The consistency is nice and not sticky or greasy.  I use it daily after facial cleansing.  The nozzle is easy to use and you're in control of the amount that is dispensed.  I found that the best results for me was after facial cleansing and to use as an overnight application.  This not a product for eye brightening or dark circles, please don't confuse the purpose of this product.  My surrounding eye area has appeared smooth and relaxed and thus far, the product works fine.
B003CE8BAW|5|All this brands products deliver what they say. Definitely would recommend.
B00CELJR3Y|5|Purchased after buying the smallest container for my daughter who has eczema.  I put about 3-4 Tbsp into her bath with cup of raw apple cider vinegar, a tablespoon of coconut oil and some essential oils to help with the seaweed smell.  This seaweed has really removed the inflamed look to the eczema and it fades with each bath.  There is hardly anything left of our daughters eczema.  It soothes and softens the skin unlike anything else we've tried to manage it.  We noticed a difference after the very first bath.
B000ER0W3Y|1|My professional paraffin bath treatment unit arrived today. I was so excited. I opened the box, removed four edges of styrofoam<br />from the unit, and removed it from the box. Upon removing the lid, I took out the booties, the plastic wrappers, the power cord<br />and the directions. Uhoh....what....NO WAX. I was so disappointed. My arthritis is killing me and I was so looking forward to a<br />little relief. I went back and looked in the box, I looked everywhere, after all, I am old and arthritic. NO WAX. I am ticked off.<br />I went back and read the box....it clearly says there are six pounds of paraffin wax included. I looked again. Nope, not on the<br />table, not in the box, not in the unit, nowhere. NO WAX. Are the people who pack these things incompetent, lazy, or do they<br />take the wax home to use in their own unit. Does this unit even work. I won't know until I go back to amazon and order some<br />wax. I have no recourse but to take a hot bath. I am really upset. If anyone with power sees this, somebody owes me WAX.<br />I shall return if this unit doesn't work..... I see now why the price was discounted...its all about the WAX. Its not there.
B003BWG3DC|3|Pros: Works extremely well for sensitive, t-zone/combination, acne prone skin, reasonable cost especially when it's on sale, size of product,<br /><br />Cons: The number of pads in comparison to others, the need to use multiple times in a day, lingering soapy/filmy residue<br /><br />I've been on a mission to clear up my skin for a while. I've used everything topically to clear my skin up. I've used scrubs, gels, concoctions, potions, lotions of with varying degrees of potency, prescriptions, old wives' tales, holistic remedies, etc... I'm surprised I didn't have someone burn sage and chant in hopes of warding off the bad juju haunting my complexion. So let me clarify once again I've used e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g topical to clear up my skin since I was a teenager. I have tried oral medications, but because I'm fair skin and haired, already extremely photosensitive to the sun, after my first medication related burn, I stopped. It wasn't working anyway to clear up my face, unless the goal was to burn off the acne with the sun. I'd rather avoid skin cancer, thanks. Plus, I think it is ridiculous to take something internally to fix a rather external problem and many of those types of medications have other undesirable side effects.<br /><br />We're talking nearly two decades here of finicky, temperamental, acne prone, rash prone, combination skin producing boils, cysts, blisters, whiteheads, blackheads, relentless post inflammatory hyper pigmentation (i.e. extremely difficult subcutaneous lesions and severe purple or red discolorations that take months to disappear even after they've essentially healed). So I think that alone should endow me with some authority or clout when it comes to dispensing acne remedies advice.<br /><br />I had gotten to the point of using so many different products that I was getting overwhelmed and literally threw out everything and started from scratch. Sometimes it's just best to start anew. I avoided investing in kits, though I had used those in the past. Although for some they can be great, sometimes you only really want or need one of the products in them and they add up in cost. First I found a good, gentle cleanser that was affordable and effective at balancing my skin. If you have very sensitive skin, you should not invest in scrubs, they tend to exacerbate the problem; causing splotchy excessive oil production, or over dry the skin. Find something that specifically states for sensitive skin and aim for something a little more natural; the less complex of ingredients the better. Also, don't over wash, this causes the same problems; twice a day or as necessary if you also work out.<br /><br />Invest in sensitive skin specific towelettes or blotting papers to help reduce the appearance of oil on the skin during the day. Don't wear excessive or heavy make up. The less that inhibits your skin's ability to shed dead skin cells the better. And for the love of all that is holy, don't wear make up to the gym. You're just going to sweat it all off anyway. Give up on spot treating. I found it irritates the skin more than if you just wash your face, treat it as a whole, and let it alone to heal. Don't pick, pop, or poke. It's been proven you cause more damage than good. You want the nasty red thing on your face to go away quickly, but in picking, popping, or poking it, now you've caused a horrible discoloration that lingers long after the pimple itself has healed. This is called post inflammatory hyper pigmentation. It's essentially (subcutaneous) damage below the surface of the skin and it can take months to heal, maybe weeks with the assistance of medication.<br /><br />I digress, back to the aforementioned mission...after a good cleanser I looked for an acne treatment that was simple, quick, and specific for sensitive skin. I gave up on benzoyl peroxide products entirely, regardless of the claims. Even the lower dosage caused problems. And with the popular kits the majority of the product has benzoyl in it, or a combination of benzoyl and salicylic acid so as a result you can over medicate or over dry. Chemically, in moderate to low doses, it can be an affective treatment for managing acne, but for those of us outliers with extremely sensitive skin, it can actually make it worse. It did in my case, so I ventured to salicylic acid only. I've used it in the past like the benzoyl, in varying degrees of potency. Most products have 2% and even that didn't seem to do anything. Thus, I went to a lighter dosage and that is where I found these.<br /><br />The Stridex Naturally Clear pads gave me exactly what I was looking for: 1% salicylic acid (so I'd still have acne management in a low dose), alcohol free, in a pad (so it's quick and simple to apply), boasting natural ingredients, affordable, easy to find, and designed for sensitive skin. I'd considered the Stridex Sensitive Skin with Aloe with 0.5%, but I tried these first. I'm sure as I age and my skin changes I might have to go to an even lower dosage of salicylic acid, but until then, I'm happy using these. There are 70 in the container. I do wish there were more, but I can understand why they have less than their similar counterparts, as the individual pads themselves are huge. A pad is both large enough and loaded with more than enough medication to treat your face, neck, and shoulders if you so chose. In the morning and at night I wash with a gentle cleanser, pat my face with a clean towel, and use one of these. There are two sides to each pad, a smooth and slightly raised side. If I have a stubborn patch of blackheads I'm inclined to use the raised side, but I try to keep with the smooth side application when it comes to my face. The majority of days I use 2-3 pads, as sometimes when I hit the door in the afternoon after work I will use one hours before I intend to wash my face (just prior to bedtime). I would watch using it too close to the eyes and mouth as forewarned on the package.<br /><br />The product has a distinct non-medicine smell. I will say it is strong, but I've gotten used to it and everyone is particular; what is strong and pleasant to some might be overpowering and nauseating to others. When you apply the product you may notice it leaves a soapy, almost filmy residue that takes a few moments to dry. I tend to apply, let it sit for a sec, and lightly pat the excess off with a towel. Additionally, I've invested in a light moisturizer with a high spf for during the day and at night I use another equally light moisturizer to go overtop the Stridex medication to keep from drying out. Thankfully, I've not really encountered that problem, nor have I had to deal with reddening, stinging, burning, excessive oil, etc...The great thing about this product is that in addition to gradually eliminating my acne and blackheads, it is also lightened the harsh discoloration of those I've long since healed in the past. As a result, I'm getting a very even looking complexion. I would love to say it completely gets rid of all acne and imperfections, but I've only been using this regime for a short amount of time. I've only had one lone evildoer pop up since (hormone related), but it was much smaller and easily dealt with than those that had come before it. I am extremely satisfied with the product in comparison to others. I will continue to use it so long as it works as well as it has been.d so as a result you can over medicate or over dry. Chemically, in moderate to low doses, it can be an affective treatment for managing acne, but for those of us outliers with extremely sensitive skin, it can actually make it worse. It did in my case, so I ventured to salicylic acid only. I've used it in the past like the benzoyl, in varying degrees of potency. Most products have 2% and even that didn't seem to do anything. Thus, I went to a lighter dosage and that is where I found these.     The Stridex Naturally Clear pads gave me exactly what I was looking for: 1% salicylic acid (so I'd still have acne management in a low dose), alcohol free, in a pad (so it's quick and simple to apply), boasting natural ingredients, affordable, easy to find, and designed for sensitive skin. I'd considered the Stridex Sensitive Skin with Aloe with 0.5%, but I tried these first. I'm sure as I age and my skin changes I might have to go to an even lower dosage of salicylic acid, but until then, I'm happy using these. There are 70 in the container. I do wish there were more, but I can understand why they have less than their similar counterparts, as the individual pads themselves are huge. A pad is both large enough and loaded with more than enough medication to treat your face, neck, and shoulders if you so chose. In the morning and at night I wash with a gentle cleanser, pat my face with a clean towel, and use one of these. There are two sides to each pad, a smooth and slightly raised side. If I have a stubborn patch of blackheads I'm inclined to use the raised side, but I try to keep with the smooth side application when it comes to my face. The majority of days I use 2-3 pads, as sometimes when I hit the door in the afternoon after work I will use one hours before I intend to wash my face (just prior to bedtime). I would watch using it too close to the eyes and mouth as forewarned on the package.    The product has a distinct non-medicine smell. I will say it is strong, but I'vegotten used to it and everyone is particular; what is strong and pleasant to some might be overpowering and nauseating to others. When you apply the product you may notice it leaves a soapy, almost filmy residue that takes a few moments to dry. I tend to apply, let it sit for a sec, and lightly pat the excess off with a towel. Additionally, I've invested in a light moisturizer with a high spf for during the day and at night I use another equally light moisturizer to go overtop the Stridex medication to keep from drying out. Thankfully, I've not really encountered that problem, nor have I had to deal with reddening, stinging, burning, excessive oil, etc...The great thing about this product is that in addition to gradually eliminating my acne and blackheads, it is also lightened the harsh discoloration of those I've long since healed in the past. As a result, I'm getting a very even looking complexion. I would love to say it completely gets rid of all acne and imperfections, but I've only been using this regime for a short amount of time. I've only had one lone evildoer pop up since (hormone related), but it was much smaller and easily dealt with than those that had come before it. I am extremely satisfied with the product in comparison to others. I will continue to use it so long as it works as well as it has been.
B000GZES7A|5|Use this every night! Have been for years.  Wrinkles are minimal. :o)
B0002AHY6Q|5|Good product especially for use with braces.
B0013GB1Y4|1|Made no difference to the look or feel of my lips.
B00BGAM0FG|5|Great stuff for thin hair. Thick as dirt.
B000T4UR9Q|5|I have been unable to find it for  several years and found that the company/distributer had moved overseas.  I was most disappointed and stock piled it whenever I could find it. This is the best full coverage foundation I've ever used.  Once again, I've ordered several.  I sincerely hope this shade continues to be available.
B001T7APMG|5|I highly recommend this product and will purchase it again as long as the quality is maintained.  I used this product to touchup the gray re-growth of my locs.  To deepen the color of my locs, I had been using Bijen powdered hair dye and had become sensitive to the product. I had developed itching and an adult cradle cap.  I did my internet research and decided to go natural.    I chose this product because of the Amazon reviews.  Because the product included other herbs in addition to pure henna, I expected a brownish-red color on my gray hairs.  I followed the instructions to the letter using only water to mix with the powder.  I let the paste sit 2 hours at room temperature in a covered plastic bowl before applying it to the untwisted portion of my locs.  I let the paste sit for 4.5 hours with my head covered in plastic wrap.  I rinsed until the water ran clear. After rinsing, I looked in the mirrow and was shocked to see that my gray hair was a flaming orange color!  Not reddish but orange.    The color changed over a 2 day period to a subtler red but I knew that I was definitely going to need to use indigo to create a dark brown or black color.  I mixed the indigo with water, applied to my red new growth only, let it sit for 1 hour and then rinsed until the water was clear.  Fantastic results - total coverage of gray and beautiful black color. If you have black or dark brown locs and need gray coverage, purchase this product along with body art quality indigo.  BTW - no more itchy scalp and adult cradle cap!
B0079R6BD2|1|Made my hair so dry and was getting my scalp dry and more dandruff. Don't recommend this to anybody.
B00CCX3X66|5|I love this clip! I love the moon! and its hard to find cute Moon accessories where I live, so I decided to order this along with a wig and I have got to say this clip was the best purchased ive made! it looks beautiful and fits comfortably. it does not bug me at all and i have received numerous amounts of compliments. it was worth the wait..because shipping did take a few weeks, but regardless i love it and totally recommend it!
B000AADEP8|4|Love this! I do my nails very often. I use this as both a bass and a to coat. Works great.. Highly recommended
B00LYWBUMA|5|Unfortunately too flashy for me.  I tried it on one thumb and know I would be happy with five flashlights on each hand. That's the way I would feel wearing this stuff.  However, To each his/her own; I still gave it a five star because for people who like flash, this might be their thing!
B000VUO8VG|5|Follow the directions and you will get amazing results!!! I read these reviews and I'm shocked there is even one bad one because this product is awesome especially for natural hair! If you hair is over processed then don't expect a miracle simple as that. You have to take care of your hair. It doesn't matter if you are biracial,relaxed or whatever if your hair is in a bad shape don't expect a miracle from no product....that's a problem only you can fix. The instructions say put a few drops in your hands and rub through your hair...don't use this to roller set your hair and say it left your hair heavy?!? You used too much! Don't use a handful before u go to work when it says use at night...don't blame the product if you not going to use the instructions...simple as that! It's nothing wrong with the product...it's something wrong with those that don't want to read directions and go by them.
B001STEX50|5|This product is really good! It does not scratch the skin or make it red. Give it a try and you can't beat the price.
B00HSEY8ZE|5|Very nice quality these brushes are amazing for the price.
B00H2YL8W6|4|These are great makeup brushes for the price. You just have make sure you wash them first before you use them(you should with all brushes), You also may have to wash them more then once there was a slight smell with mine but nothing  like what other people were saying in there reviews. Other then that they were fine. It was very little shading I mean very little.  After I wash the brushes the smell went away. Before I used them I noticed that they were really soft with sturdy handles. The design of the brushes reminded me of tarte makeup brushes. Some of the brushes are sorter then standered makeup brushes making the good for travel and fit easily into a makeup bag. I haven't had a chance to use them that much. Just 2 eye brushes and those picked up product well. I'm going to try out the whole set for the next 2 weeks and do the multiple washing test to see how the hold up. I will do a full review on my blog skynynailartandbeauty.com and then up date my review post here with more info. But over all this would be a great set or someone just starting out with makeup or trying to add some brushes to their collection that won't break the bank.
B00ARF44SC|4|I bought this a few months ago to keep my hair trimmed. I have thinning hair and like to keep my hair short, high and tight.  I first went to my barber and got my hair cut to my specifications and since then just used my handy little Norelco to trim it weekly and haven't been back to the barber since.  Very easy to use and has since paid for itself several times over.  The best part is no more trips to the barber or waiting in line for a haircut from now on.
B00QBXEGWS|5|I love it
B0000AFUT3|1|I have two of these now.  After about 6 months of use, the lights stopped working.  I finally got through to Jerdon and they told me that normally I would have to send it back, but that they would make an exception and send me a new one.  They told me to cut the cord on the old one.  So they sent me a new one.  It worked fine for a month and then it did the same thing with the lights.  I called them again but the woman I got this time was rude and told me that I would have to send it back before they would send me another.  Which I understand, but you know what....  I don't want another...  Why would I want another problem.<br /><br />I wish I still had my Clairol True to Lite mirror..  It worked great for over 30 years until my cat knocked it off the counter! Even then the lights still worked!
B000XE09LS|5|love it! cant get enough of it.
B003EGYDI2|5|I love this enhancing spray gel.  It really helps tame the frizz of my natural curly hair.  Truly the only product I can't live without...and it smells great too.
B002HWS9GQ|5|good good good
B00HUX0U50|1|I have previously bought this product and it seems to me that it sticks better to my bracktes
B0030LYTV2|5|Nice product
B006WDM9MQ|5|In less than a week my complexion changed.  My skin appears younger, brighter, and with smaller pores.<br />My age spots have started to fade also.  This product works as well as the high end products.
B00DKXE064|3|they are fine and good disposable for my spa. A little small for someone with long or very think hair.
B006GQYSGE|5|Philips Norelco AT830/41 PowerTouch con Aquatec Eléctrico Razor.<br /><br />Thank you very much, for this product, I am very gladd.<br /><br />God Bless you
B003VST2VG|4|Bought for my mother, recommended by Aspen Dental
B000BOA5U0|5|I was absored in a book at the airport while waiting for my flight.  All of a sudden this beautiful fresh, minty cool, but surprisingly floral breath of fresh air wisped past me.  I looked up to see this chic looking lady walk briskly past me and yet as she got lost in the crowds at O'Hare, that amazing smell lingered and I could not help but wonder what it was but the mystery lady had been lost.  I boarded my plane and was pleasantly surprised to find that scent again filling the air.  My mystery lady was flying to New Orleans with me.  Needless to say I had to ask what the perfume was and she told me it was an oil called Miss Marisa.  I've been enchanted ever since.
B004Z1L3JC|5|This is the best conditioner for severely damaged hair, my hair was a hot mess  damaged by my hairdresser.  I had severe  hair protein deficency from  relaxers, rinses that did not have protein  followed by  the ridiculous amount of heat applied to my hair  by the hairdresser, dewtroying my hair.<br /><br /> I have returned to doing my own  hair . My hair has returned to what I remember it to be , smooth  and strong , no more snapping when I comb out or during washing.<br /><br />This stuff is awsome  I recommend to add the  anti-snap leave in treatment as well. I  also  tried the REDKEN  olio and that is just an awsome  oil treatment.  Kudos to Redken.
B00C1EX99C|5|loves this! very roomy and super cute. what else can you ask for. def a keeper!<br />only negative is that the inner liner is white so youll have to be very carefull with your makeup. gets dirty easily
B00938IPQ6|5|GREAT
B00KUTUNU8|5|These feel so good I almost feel a little guilty.  Great price.  Arrived on time.  What more can I say?
B00FZKB51S|2|Good
B0070TSNSA|5|Great product with not a lot of chemicals as found in so many lotions today.I have been using this product for about 2 years and it is not greasy and you get a fair amount for your money.
B00DQ5G848|5|The product did very well.I'm very happy with product.
B002XYBMX0|4|This is a small package with a punch.  Great strong lavender scent.  Bought this for my daughter and she loves it.
B006GQYSGE|1|I am very unhappy with the Philips Norelco AT830 Power Touch Rechargeable Cordless Razor, Gray/Silver/Black. This is my second Norelco shaver.  The first one I got as a gift, over 10 years ago worked like a charm from day one. The AT830 is  like a hatchet, rips up my neck and it is very painful.  Fortunately it has a 45 day money back guarantee. They say in the instructions,  that they want me to use it exclusively for 30 days, so I will get use to it. I used it once and I am ready to send it back. There is know way I am going to go to work, with my neck all red after using this chainsaw that they call a razor. I don't understand all the good reviews, and wish I read one like this. Don't  waste your time with this hunk of junk!  I would give it minus 5 stars if I could!
B003DHFXP4|4|I have used this product for years, and have tried other brands but this one is the best on the market. Doesn't smudge and does not irritate my eyes.  Really good quality cosmetic.
B0088AHWVO|3|Wasn't not sharpen
B003H1HCIM|4|I have used similar products in the past, but couldn't find them so I took a chance on this.<br /><br />I haven't had a chance to try it that much, but so far it seems to be working, I did notice people looking at me and I get more attention when I wear it.<br /><br />The smell is a little bit strong, but not unpleasant, I prefer to cover it up with my own perfume, but DEFINITELY works, but I still prefer the one I used before, only if I could find it again.
B009FAPVJG|2|It might be waterproof, but it smudges awful. I would not recommend this.
B00ATFWT4G|5|One of few Cologne my husband like. It is not expensive like the other fancy Cologne but smell awesome.
B001CJFEJA|4|I had really dry skin and this has helped alot.  Like most things though it seems to lose it's umph with continued use.  My skin is better, but I would have liked to see more continued improvement over time.  I will keep using it for now.
B0062C2HHE|5|Seems to be high quality essential oil.  It has a wonderful smell and blends well with Ylang Ylang oil to make a relaxing roll on scent.  So glad that there is an affordable EO company out there!
B0011Z1VMO|5|I have a small mouth and its hard to get the dental floss into my back teeth but with the flossmate handle it's a breeze.
B0027HOERO|5|I received a complimentary Green Tea peel off mask from Montagne Jeunesse during their recent social media promotion. The product I received was a sample size, about half of original amount in a regular package, and it was plenty for my face and neck area.<br /><br />I prefer a peel off mask as opposed to a sheet mask. A peel off mask is easier to apply on your face and target areas that need moisture or specific treatment. In my case, my cheek area needs the most moisture and that is where I apply heavily.<br /><br />The mask came out in a gooey looking yellow tint. It is almost a gel consistency but very easy to apply. I had to wash it off my hands after application.<br /><br />It felt very cool when first applied. My face felt comfortably cool. It smelled like green tea but not overpowering.<br /><br />I applied a generous amount on my face and neck area. The sample size was more than enough. I'm not sure how hard it would be to store or save leftover mask if you purchased a full size product. AVOID the hairline - don't go anywhere near it.<br /><br />There was no sensation, tingling or any uncomfortable feeling while using the mask. I waited 15-20 minutes until the mask said it was time to remove. It dried in almost a paper feel and started to peel off. My face and neck felt very tight as the mask dried and tightened up.<br /><br />The mask came off quickly and without any issues. It peeled off in large chunks and took maybe 2-3 parts to completely come off my face and neck. However, the hairline was a mess. I had to comb it out and pick little pieces out of my hair. I must have skipped an important instruction about avoiding hairline - AVOID your hairline.<br /><br />The results were great - my skin felt smooth, moisturized, tightened and super soft. Montagne Jeunesse's peel off mask offers a quick and easy treatment with good results.
B0002ZVDMM|4|This foundation is great for my sensitive skin! It gives the right amount of dewiness. Only flaw is I wished it had a little bit more coverages, but the concealer works soooo great for that!
B0016ISD04|5|Love this brush! I use it before every shower, brushing upwards towards the heart. Works like a charm - and my skin is so soft!
B005HR5ZOW|5|Love love oils for my locs this works well no buidup and feels so good. I did receive this for review
B00GGFC8WQ|5|Very good
B0006B12K0|2|Shame on me...I purchased this item in Sex Machine thinking it was a jumbo-sized lip liner. However, in NARS world, a lip pencil is actually more like a regular lipstick, just in pencil form. The color is nice, although it's a bit too pink for me. I would have preferred it as a liner color. Also, I think it's way too expensive. I won't be purchasing it again.
B00HNHCQNM|5|Bought as a gift, recipient loved it.
B001WAKUUC|5|I was very skeptical as I had never tried any eyelash enhances. This one seems to work. My eye lashes are naturally barely visible. With this product I can tell that they are longer and I seem thicker.  No noticeable side effects. Would definitely buy it again.
B0062C2G9S|5|Great for getting 'stuff' out of your cranium.
B006XA3GPC|5|love all the colors the primer that came works great all the shadows or true to color i use it everyday great mac product  and price
B008VSA58K|4|Nice and small to adjust any where on the nail bed.Easy to use .Great item .
B00APL8NEO|1|I DIDNT READ WELL THE SIZE,MY MISTAKE,WAS A PRESENT A COULDNT GIVE CAUSE OF SIZE
B003GTUXTU|1|My daughter is 10 years old.  Recently she came home with a note stating lice was found at the club she goes to after school.  The thought of lice had her so freaked out.  I agreed to bring her to the pharmacy in hopes to talk with the pharmacist and find something we could use as a preventative to help avoid the whole lice thing.  The pharmacist recommended Lice Shield Shampoo.  I happily obliged to spend $10+ on this miracle shampoo which would help us not go thru what other moms clearly were having to do.  My daughter was up in the shower when I heard her god awful screams about 20 minutes after I had scrubbed her head with this shampoo.  When I got up to the bathroom she was crying because part of her eyebrows had fallen out!  I can not find any place on the internet that anyone has had the same issue.  She has a spot about an inch or so with no hairs.  As a young girl this is devastating!  School is going to be a task tomorrow.  As of right now our plan is a early morning trip to the hairdresser in hopes of doing some type of bangs.  Im curious if anyone else has run into this?  I plan on writing to the company as they have no information about side effects on bottle.  Any info anyone has would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks
B003ZG1X84|5|I'm 49, but barely look 48 cause of this stuff
B002CVTVUA|5|Bought these for the kids after getting tired of all the cheap ones lasting a month or two before breaking. These are great with noises to tell the kids when to move to a different part of their mouth, and it keeps them brushing for 2 minutes. You get what you pay for.
B00F6BZK3A|5|Great price and delivered quickly....
B004R7V56A|5|So happy I could still get my favorite lip gloss after moving out of state I couldn't find it anywhere...unusual right!? But then again I'm funding that there is a lot of stuff unavalible here in NC that I used in NY. Thank you for making at least one of my fav. things avalible!
B000068PBT|5|does what it should, pretty close shave for an electric shaver.<br /><br />-not getting red irritation marks on my neck anymore<br />-they are nice and fast<br />-they do the job!
B00DYZ7ZCO|5|My friend please me bought it for his father, $165, received after the shaver, he and his father very satisfied!
B00TBL23I6|5|Gotta love Intenze Ink
B0084HXQSO|5|I just bought this product so I don't know too much about how it works but I will say that it is very nice.  It is gentle on the skin but leaves it feeling squeaky clean.  I definitely am looking forward to using it.
B004KFNHLA|5|Es un esmalte precioso con un acabado sorprendente me ha gustado un monton y le he dado mucho uso y Opi suele tener esmaltes de muy buena calidad
B000QM4PXK|5|Everything was there and I had no problems with the product
B000WZJ1X0|5|Sexiest smelling stuff I have smelt in a long time....loved it X100
B005UIUTBW|4|My daughter loves, loves,loves this scent! My daughter's birthday is in January nd we try to get something special because it's so close to Christmas and all she asked for was anything that we could get with this scent! After she said she wanted it she then said that it would be very hard to find because it's only sold at Christmas time and it's usually sold out by the end of November and it was. I had only one hope and that was amazon and you saved me from giving my daughter the (distant) 2nd place present! You're the best
B000K73C4O|3|A bit disappointed in this.  I love the scent on others but the scent seems to dissipate on me in seconds.  I like something that will linger most of the day.  Only because it does not seem to stay with me I will not be buying this again.
B0037LOPQY|5|This razor works exactly as described. It's perfect for shaving legs and underarms in the shower - no nicks or razor burn at all. Thanks, Gillette Venus!
B00G193RVI|5|product was what expected and it shipped quickly.  All good!
B001BBIO5U|5|I use this along with many other jan marini products as well as origins and aveda.  I buy this frequently.
B002Q234P8|5|I just took my first shower with the Molton Brown Bracing Silverbirch Body Wash. I must say that I am absolutely addicted to the scent and the overall experience of using the product. At a high price of $28, it does seem overpriced, but offers a very luxurious sensation.     The smell of this product is truly like no other, and is the perfect balance of scents, creating a wonderful, masculine aroma. The smell stays with you, but is certainly not overpowering. I may even order the Bracing Silverbirch cologne because I love the smell so much.     I must also say that the packaging is very attractive too and is quite decorative in a bathroom. I definitely recommend this product for a male looking for the best in shower products.
B001905PWS|5|Loved this color
B002HPBF32|5|I loved being able to try the different bb creams, I use the shiny ones as eye shadow, or as an eyeshadow primer. This set allowed ,e to see the different between the pink and gold vip creams without having to invest in the whole bottle. I found out I like the gold better but pink has better coverage.<br />Also made it a lot easier to take my makeup with me for touchups
B0058E3XJI|5|I have a tanning bed & a swimming pool. Needless to say, I love to tan  !  Trust me when I say I have spent lots of money on accelerators etc.  Not only was the price more than reasonable, it truly works so much better than my other products.  If you try it you will never want to use anything else.  Oh, did I mention it smells amazing !!!
B00D8G4FJU|4|quick service, good price
B001E96OUQ|5|using gel? mouse? wax? oil? any other hair products? well i do and all other shampoos wont clean my hair from the mess i put onto them, this shampoo definitely removes all residues and days and sometimes weeks of hair products in one simple wash without drying my scalp out. i have very sensitive scalp so have to use this daily and love the feeling of clean hair before i use my other shampoo that doesn't strip all mess but rather adds a thin layer of whatever it supposed to add
B00AI31DMI|5|excelente
B00BTHQ9Y4|5|Works like a charm!
B002PA8GUY|5|A great foundation to add personal embellishments making it a thoughtful gift for someone at work or home. The gift was appreciated and looked expensive.
B000HWT7XC|1|I received the Bio-Ionic hair dryer broken.  I took it out of the package and the handle promptly fell apart.
B0064OQGJU|5|Nice quality. I think the sparkles help this polish last longer. Recommend!!
B0038XB2RG|5|The brush was a lot larger than I expected, and I was uncertain at first.  Great big round thing with relatively short bristles.  But it proved to be just what I needed.<br /><br />I love boar bristle brushes, but have been buying brushes with wood handles with veneer that chips and peels easily if you wash the brush often, as I have to, given how boar bristles seem to soak up hair oil.  The ceramic body takes care of this - no more chipping and peeling, and it stays looking like new.<br /><br />Also. I find the relatively short bristles sticking straight out from the brush are very easy to free of hair and clean.  Easiest brush to care for that I ever had - and it leaves my hair looking sleek and shiny.
B00DZV2RLG|5|Really like this USA made fragrance.  Highly recommend.
B003E1ZPLG|3|The fabric is already coming off the headband. It is pretty, but not especially well made.
B000C1UBFQ|5|My favorite cologne. :D
B000L53F56|3|Received my order today, item appears just like pictured. Disappointed to have received six of the SAME COLOR when there were 4 colors available. I had hoped to be able to tell my personal nail brush apart from the one my husband will use to scrub the shaving residue from the sink. No comment on quality; have not used yet. Wish there had been variety in colors.
B003BLHIWI|5|One of the BEST products out there.  Delivers what it promises. Pricey....so I won't be able to continue buying it but it lasts a long long time!
B005FK3M46|5|LOVE IT
B00ARTK95A|5|Yes, this is an expensive electric rechargeable toothbrush.  However, it is so very nice.  It could be called the Porsche of toothbrushes.  Though it is a little louder than other electric toothbrushes I've used, it is much more solid and feels like it cleans more deeply.<br /><br />The battery lasts for around 4 days (2 brushes per day) and the built in timer (and separate clock) are great accessories.  A nice little travel case comes with the brush as well.  Several people can use this brush (you just switch the heads); this might be factored into the cost.<br /><br />All in all, yes, it costs quite a bit.  But it is a solid well-built product.  Recommended.
B00BKUHIO0|3|it's a very pretty Polish but the color is nowhere near what it shows on the picture. kind of dissapointing cause that's the only reason I wanted it in the first place.
B003ZX6QUC|4|Really a light smell, not overly lemony. I have noticed that this is only moderately good for aches and pains, but great of you want to exfoliate.
B00005JHXH|5|We cannot use products with fragrance.  Not only is this medicated, it is also fragrance-FREE.  Thank you, Cuticura.  It works well and is totally acceptable in all ways.
B008JH17V2|5|This is amazing and wonderful!  Everytime I use this, I experience nothing but sheer dryness, even in the most humid places.  I recommend this product to anyone who has problems with severe underarm sweating.  It has changed my life!
B0086VI9LW|5|Invest in they sonic care for your kid. I got tired of buying spin brushes e dry week as my ten two year old was obsessed with brushing her teeth.. This is a much better pet innate solution and I know her teeth are getting clean even if I only get one good sweep in
B00005JTW4|5|Great product !!  If you have skin problems due to microbials, buy this.  It is very gentle, I even use it to cleanse my face.
B0015XV1TA|1|Ehh doesn't really work.
B001FWXIUQ|5|muy buena colonia la compre para un regalo y le encanto recomiendo al vendedor responsable y recibida el dia indicado muchas gracias espero continúen así,
B002LL57Z4|3|I have a couple of older turbins that are terry... not terribly fond of the &#34;microfiber&#34;... but was unable to find the terry cloth.  The microfiber washes well, but I don't think it is as absorbent.  Just a personal choice, I'm sure.
B00QWV9HQY|2|This oil is extremely greasy does not absorb into skin AT ALL!!!  It may be good but how can you use such an oily product???
B000YB1U0E|5|The answer is, sure but where are you going to find it this easily.  I have been super impressed with Kent products.  I own two brushes, one bristle, and one styling.  I bought a comb to work on my hard part and executive contour style hair cut.  I couldn't be happier with this comb from a fit and finish stand point.  They are supior products in every way compared to injected molded plastic combs.<br /><br />The areas that I made mistakes were underestimating the length needed for the comb and the length of the teeth.  158 mm is long enough for an everyday comb but short enough for bigger pockets as a carry comb as well.  I found that for my liking it is a bit too short so I am ordering a 188mm Kent comb as well.<br /><br />I found the 2T tooth length is too short for my hair thickness.  2T equates to about an 1 - 1/2&#34;  This is not a flaw in the comb obviously but I would recommend that vendors identify metrics that matter and present them to the customer.  Maybe 2T means something to a barber but thats not me.<br /><br />Overall, I have looked high and low for a better comb and haven't found one.  I added two other kent combs to my arsenal since.
B0046MK34G|5|GOOD.
B006TCS74E|1|Received the root erase today, outer packaging fine, inside product box the bottle containing the white liquid leaked rendering the entire product useless.  Not worth returning but cannot be more unhappy.
B004NJWXMW|4|Smells like pineapple and works well, very gentle but exfoliate well. However, it is a very small bottle considering it is 10 bucks.
B00746KTWW|5|The color is just perfect if you have blond hair and blue eyes. Smooth and easy to apply.
B007Z2GKCS|5|My dermatologist recommended this product, but after buying it one time from a local supplier ($34), I found it here on Amazon for 1/3 less.  Same exact product, same size, same packaging.  Free shipping.  So, I bought two and will come back for more.<br /><br />I now know you only need to use a little bit of this for each application on your face, so after going through my first jar these other two will last me much longer.
B00064JGBO|5|For me this tongue cleaner works much better than scrubbing with a toothbrush. I was surprised by how much &#34;yuck&#34; it got off and how much better my mouth tasted after its use. I really like it.
B00JB4X0IA|5|Good
B00DHOET6W|5|I absolutely love this product!!  My hair was dull/frizzy/Curley and now it shines and is easy to manage.  I even went to the beach and my did not frizz at all.  A million thanks to the makers of this product!!  It's amazing!! The only downside is the strong smell when applying the product.. I will continue to use this wonderfull product😃😃!!
B001P328GA|5|love the nail color
B004SPAADK|5|Since Revlon no longer makes its Ultima 2 , Glotion product, I have been looking for another product that has similar<br />Results. This may not be exactly the same, but I use it as a highlighter on cheeks and below eyebrows.
B008VG0BFY|5|Saw this at the salon today and had to try it.  It's gorgeous!!!! A beautiful, fire orange that is perfect for fall or anytime of the year!
B001JZ04NS|5|Great value for the professional size!
B004BCT9H8|3|I thought this would be a &#34;nude&#34; lip liner. It is very dark. It will only be good if I want to wear a red lipstick, which I rarely do. The liner itself is good quality, but be prepared for it to be dark.
B004V9QP0A|5|I love this product. Great for exfoliation. Skin feels fresh and clean.<br />i'm glad i don't have sensitive skin though.
B003UF0RB4|4|My daughter has eczema and extremely sensitive skin. This works great as a body wash and doesn't irritate her skin at all. My only complaint is the price. Even with subscribe and save, the price is a little high for the amount of product you will receive.
B00152W1YU|5|the most exquisite perfum...
B00GBH4OY4|1|I think it is hard to transition from one length to another.  To me, it seems that this cut has a very abrupt change between the different size guides.
B00LV3CI1Y|3|cheap stuff... they pull apart when pulling out of packaging. But will do as long as you have a gentle hand.
B00B8XWI7G|1|Had to reuturn them, they came without the tube.  The pump would be useless without the tube.
B004667U3Y|5|Received these Styrofoam heads and have already used them with a lot of positive compliments,  so impressed I will be putting in another order, I used these for my holloween masks and proved to be an excellent purchase.
B001E7688Q|5|This lotion stings my face a little, so I personally prefer the oil-free kind that is less expensive, but my husband will ONLY use this lotion.  I thought I would pick some up at the drug store for him while I was out, but one bottle was almost $16!  That's almost double the Amazon price.  So, I took the drug store lotion back and will be sure to only buy it on Amazon from now on.
B00AZUHKSK|4|I have petite hands. There are some talons where i can slide up to the mid section of my finger, and others where they barely fit at the tip of the finger. But these are excellent quality. Made of metal. I feel i can do some real damage with them...if they were sharp enough. The jewels look like they were handmade. Glued on pretty tight. Personally, i dont care about the jewels much; if one breaks off, i wouldnt care. I could actually carry these with me and use them as a weapon for protection. Thats how strong and secure they feel.
B0013NB7DW|5|Great Electric Shave for the price.
B00005A441|2|The set arrived with 12 metal pins but 9 of them were for the smaller roller size and only 3 were sized for the larger rollers (there are 4 total).  Also this set did not keep wave/curl in my hair.  If you have a lot of hair which I do, this size roller is just too big to hold the wave/curl.  I returned and actually purchased a set of rollers at a local beauty supply store that had 12 rollers no larger than 1.5&#34; diameter and they work great!
B00DQG0PJQ|4|Makes my face feel not greasy but smooth.
B000KTBKMI|5|keep skin young fights wrinkles use it every day. I am 81
B000X9UI2I|5|I have broken so many reachers over the years. mostly backing into something and catching the reacher end on something and snapping one of the sides; or back up too fast and ram the reacher into a wall.  It takes real skill to do these tricks.  I have to keep spares, one in the vehicle and several at home.  I seem to break them in twos and threes.  I am so dependent on them now that I would not want to go even part of a day without one in my reach.  My husband has created a way for me to carry one on my previous scooters and now on my super-dooper deluxe wheelchair.<br /><br />Speaking from someone who has used reachers since I saw my first one maybe 20 years ago,  this style has been the most useful and dependable.  The little black hook on the top of the reacher end tipped the scales.  And if that is magnetized it's gravy.  Some of the magnets are on the flat end and some have magnets on both-Yeah!  These were reasonably priced too!
B0075X0Z46|5|Works well!
B00DQSI4B0|1|It was an okay mask, inthought I was buying the same collagen masks I had gotten before but I just don't like the packaging. It's really hard to get into.
B00IDWP4IA|5|So far this product does exactly what it says it will do for your skin! I am using it twice a day and I do see a noticeably firmer, more clear complexion. I am anxious to see the long term results. Thank you!!
B0002D5Y92|5|Perfect for the gentleman's grooming.  Easy to use and the light makes it easy to see those spots that are often missed.  My husband is very pleased!
B000R830XE|4|I read every review possible in my search for a good mirror. I've been impressed with this one, which was quite affordable with a nice, clear image, a good size, and very attractive. The light is not super bright, but it meets my needs. I can certainly see every stray hair and every pore, so I don't think I actually need a brighter light (though I might want one). Also, I read a lot about difficulty replacing the  bulbs when they burn out, but it turns out you can order bulbs from Conair for $1.50, including shipping!
B0054LHI5A|4|a good lip balm
B0040WHH64|5|Quiet as advertised! My wife was very happy with this gift and loved that it won't be damaging her hearing the way our old one did.
B00B22BC3O|5|I gave some of the Sunflower oil kind to my sister in-law and mom. I thought it smelled great and they said it makes their skin soft..everybody won on this one.
B004076PYE|5|I have been using it for about a year.  Non greasy, non irritating.  The product I received from Amazon is the same as I got from my doctor but I had a lot of trouble getting the bottle and pump to work.  Makes me think it is old stock...
B000NCTQV4|5|GREAT SCENT. FEEL OF AN EXFOLIANT. SKIN IS REFRESHED AND SOFT TO THE TOUCH.<br />OWN SENSE OF SMELL IS DELIGHTED.
B000GLRREU|5|MY dentist recommended I get a waterpik after I had a dental implant and a crown.  Regular flossing just doesn't get in around the gum line like the waterpik does.  It is well worth the money and the little extra time to use it.
B000FS05VG|5|Excellent
B001CXOZKK|4|I actually like this lotion which I bought at my local dollar store. I don't know why people say that it smells like Lilac but whatever, I like it!
B008O4YM80|5|I absolutely love this brush! What a bargain. I bought 3, one for me and the others for my mom and sister.  I originally had the $20 Olivia Garden wet detangler brush from Ulta and loved it but the price was too high to replace. I find these just as good and was able to get 3 for less money than one of these. I highly recommend.
B006MD0OFA|5|Loooveee..  soft n sweet splash of tang.. can be worn daily.. ima casino worker complimented often..
B000X20Y4C|4|I wasn't able to find these in stores and I had an old one (about 10 years) that was getting ready to break.  I really like these.  I love the color and how many you get!  They don't hold as tight as my old one, but that is the only bad (not very bad) thing I can say.  They are a great product and came on time and packaged well.
B00ALIT4OY|5|This a truly great skin care product.  I was using the Obagi C Serum 20% previously but felt I really needed something a bit stronger.  I love JJ Labs Skin Solutions Vitamin C Skin Serum 25% (L-ascorbic Acid) with Hyarlonic Acid.  What a great combination and it arrives so fresh and pure.  You can actually feel a slight sting when I first apply it so I know it it potent and doing its job!  I highly recommend this product especially for mature skin over age 50!  It really works well.  I buy the 2 ounce bottle as I tend to use it liberally and I use it for the entire neck, chin and face areas (from the very bottom of my neck to the top of my farhead).  I can't say enough good things about this product.  It is priced extremely fairly which keeps me coming back month over month to buy it.  I give this product 5+ Stars!!!
B005VEE1LO|1|I was really disappointed that the powder didn't have any shimmer. I even applied it and took it out in the sunlight to see if it would shimmer a little outside. It's like I bought white powder.
B00AMYORHQ|5|This is perfect for work or if you like subtle make up. The beige/champagne at the far left has a bit of sparkle and works perfectly as a highlighter, the rest of the colors are matte. I have a nearly albino complexion and these look nice and understated on my skin.
B002LC6FFO|1|these are easy to mould, but are very bulky
B000GHF3JA|5|The cream has a unique aroma.  Almost like coffee.  I don't mind it.  In terms of the effectiveness of the product's claims, I can't be sure.  Still waiting.  But it feels nice on.
B00150LT40|3|Love that it drys fast but smell is horrible.
B007ROCZVY|5|Durable, professional.  Good delivery time
B00L9CMX94|5|This a great product. I have had many problems with oily skin and acne since using Scented Potions Deep Cleansing Face Wash my skin has been smooth, oil free and easy to maintain. Prior to this product I was using some type of cleansing pads twice a day a long with a regular soap regiment. Once I started with Deep Cleansing Face Wash I only use this Product twice a day no soap or cleansing pads. I would highly recommend this product to everyone no matter what age or skin type.
B006VYF4BY|5|I have tried several different brands of skin care ranging from very inexpensive to expensive.  As I get older my skin gets drier.  MUVAZI has helped tremendously.  Even through the winter I no longer have red flaking areas on my face.  Before I began using MUVAZI I noticed some fine lines around my eyes and wrinkles in my forehead.  The fine lines have almost disappeared and the wrinkles are smoothing out.  It's affordable and best of all made from organic ingredients!!  I LOVE my MUVAZI!
B000G7AWIM|4|The comb itself has been great so far. It's compact and has a great look and feel. The cheap metal clip broke about a week into using it. So now the comb falls to the bottom of my pocket.
B001BRFB0K|5|This is my favorite fragrance. I wish they didn't stop making it. I had to search high and low back in 2007 when it first came out and now that I finally ran out of it and was in the market for another bottle It was only luck that there is one seller here on Amazon that still sells it. The only question is what am I going to do seven years from now?
B00L0ZHK5C|5|Wow I couldn't believe how beautiful they looked. It gave me a big smile. Thank you! !
B00LMIVLXY|4|Works well to tame wintertime static.
B005EHHNBI|5|LOVE, love, love China Glaze, but the shade is quite a bit darker than what's pictured. Not totally disappointed in the shade, but I thought it'd be a lighter shade of cocoa brown. Still happy with it, though. Fast shipping, too.
B00987U5SS|5|Great product!
B00152RYTM|5|There's really nothing else I can say about this fragrance that I haven't said before. I just wish the company would make the perfume again because that's my preference. The body splash is my second choice.
B007P7QCZ8|5|Bought this for my wife and found  found it at the best price.
B00W4PSRDG|4|easy to fill and love that it turns off on it's own.  one less thing to remember!
B00TLAGWL6|5|Absolutely loveee this color I wear it everyday !!
B00BMZJOV8|5|Perfect size for sticking in a day/overnite pack for a day or days on the trail. Good fragrance-free product! Mostly I refill smaller tubes but these are perfect!
B005MR5ZY2|5|It's my second time ordering this product, and once again I was not disappointed. It works great smells fantastic ( that is if you like the smell of a nail salon) and came in at a rather decent time. No complaints. I will definitely be ordering this product again
B000XEB35O|5|excelente
B00005304W|5|This item is very hard to find in stores.  I looked in many retail stores.  These picks work much better than regular toothpicks and as good as Floss.
B0092MCO88|5|This is a great dryer. I've used the Conair version of this and I have to say this one is so much better. You are able to keep the dryer on High without burning your scalp. Great purchase.
B003B9DWMA|1|There is no way this stuff is ivory shea butter. It's the colour of mud. The smell is indescribable. You'd be better off burning your money.
B00M1YEO5U|4|Glad to get my minions
B00JB8FV8S|5|I bought for my April O'Neal cosplay. I was worried it wouldn't have enough of a red tone in it, but was pleasantly surprised! It is a perfect reddish brown for April! It's decently thick for the price and not super shiny, and came fast. I added photos of it out of the bag, after styling, and under some different lighting.
B0046HHGNC|4|great brush for the price, a little larger than i thought.  A great replacement for a 30 yr old brush i paid 3 times the amount for back in the day.
B00PVX1HSA|5|I really love these tweezees! This is my second pair, because I wanted to ensure I'd have a backup set just in case I lost mine or in the event my husband sneaks them into his toiletry case. I may get more to give as gifts. These are so precise and I like that the handle is long. The little travel case is cute too!
B001AKB47C|5|My favorite Philosophy scent. I use this shower gel, the lotion, and the cologne to layer the scent.
B004BD0YH6|1|I ordered #2 tubes of lipstick.....1 of the tubes had an odor to it and did not glide on the lips at all!!!!
B003HG4GQI|5|Works great to sharpen my NYX pencils.
B00H8Z2LNY|4|I can see they are very good beauty helpers . I was expecting more from &#34;Repair care eye gel &#34; but still good.
B0026LQ7PI|5|This is a product that does what it says. It is long wearing. Just enough shine and color. It's not goopy or greasy, has no taste which I like and low on scent. I will buy this product again.
B004CCJH10|1|Updated product with the green ribbon now causes my legs to break out in a rash and itch like crazy. Will no longer be able to use this product I've been using for a decade.
B0034BV6KA|3|I got a better on at a cheaper price. Thsi one works ok, thoukgh
B00NT0AR7E|2|I have been using for a month and no results yet.
B004YZMKKU|5|Have been looking for an affordable hair dryer. I saved an article in a magazine that recommended this one. I love it!
B00QPT1HIO|5|I have tried so many exfolating cleansers,  some worked OK some not at all. This was by far the best exfoliator I have ever used. It applied good, no odor, left my skin feeling soft and smooth. After using a couple days I noticed a change in the amount of visible pores I was do excited that I found something that actually worked, I bought another one for backup. I would highly recommend this exfoliator.
B007OSJHKU|5|This is a very practical purchase. Glad I bought it!!!
B00245MXX6|4|This is a good clean product that really helps the skin. I use it sparingly. It leaves no oily residue. I believe it has improved the appearance of my skin in a short time.
B008NX5AGK|1|Hasn't done a thing to improve the dark spots on this 65 year old face or hands. Disappointed in this Garnier product.
B003KWOOMK|5|Very good
B000C2104G|5|Item arrived by specified date and was as described.
B00GYJR0RM|1|illegal to sell on here and if caught these people will not be selling it at all. And you can get it cheaper from a ethical ambassador
B002WVBEH8|3|Just like picture. Rated only 3 stars because one of my shelves were cracked.
B0026LVSZW|5|This is my favorite gloss!
B0075PWYNY|5|It does improve my sleep!
B00D7NGPX8|5|Saves on peel as you won't use as much with the brush. Do not forget to swish the brush in the baking soda solution to clean it when done.  Rinse clean and dry.
B00JT6036C|4|I like the company, and the product seems to help my skin.
B00B5IJ79Q|1|I bought this lamp and my polish begins to lift after a week. It's only 10 watts and not a strong enough wattage for long lasting results. Do not buy!!
B001FWXGOY|5|Smell nice , thank you
B0002DTV0K|5|Wonderful soap.  Smooth, supple skin results.  Love this.
B000GCQ04C|5|Nothing, and I mean NOTHING, rivals Dickinson's Original Witch Hazel. My mom used Dickinson's back in the '60s and her skin is still fantastic. I use Dickinson's for acne now and it's done what antibiotics and chemical treatments couldn't.
B00IH1DJGG|3|The colors on the lip pencil doesn't match what's inside. Too much pressure and they break even
B004669ILG|5|Good deal. Works fine to keep wig,
B004ROVZKE|5|This is the best skin moisturizer that I've ever tried. I have sensitive, combination, acne prone skin and this product does not cause breakouts or redness. It does what it's supposed to, keep your skin moisturized and looking vibrant and healthy. I use this product year round after my cleanser and toner in the mornings.
B00EA5B2VW|5|OK
B00EDZ7ZVU|5|Just what I imagined!! Great product and fast shipping!
B001QJDCAY|1|I knew as soon as I placed my order I shouldn't have wasted my 26.00!  Being educated in the tanning salon business I should have known better. I ran a test with the real deal and what I purchased from Glamour Tan and it was dramatic ! The bottle I bought was a FAKE! Contacted customer service and I got an email that was more the unprofessional and to top it off called my house at 10:15PM!!! I am sorry but this product is a fake and the customer service department is outrageous!  Would NEVER buy from them again!!
B00B5FNUII|5|Lovee this deep conditioner!!! I used to work at a beauty supply and we used to sell the individual packs never knew there were bottles im so happy i found it!
B00FIZGM2M|5|Try it
B00H0E8X4O|1|I have a base polish that I love but I wanted to jazz it up, so two days after applying my original color, I went shopping for some glitter. I say this so that you will know, without any doubt, that the base was ABSOLUTELY DRY. Two days.<br /><br />I applied the glitter over my base coat and kicked back to let it dry. Half an hour later it was still sort of tacky/mushy, so I picked up a book and gave it some more time. TWO AND A HALF HOURS later, it still wasn't set. I was able to take a tissue and smear it (along with my now-dissolved base color) almost entirely off my nail. Meanwhile, an alternate glitter I'd tried on a different nail (OPI) was rock solid and didn't budge. I'm returning this.
B004V3QYRU|1|they were alot smaller then I thought !!!  I like the hold but this is really small for the price
B002RXK1UC|5|Smells very nice. Using it to blend with other products to make a hair conditioner.
B0027F99IA|5|Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Not overpowering like some vanilla perfumes. Like the roller application and it is easy for traveling.
B005CGQSHQ|2|I will not purchase the product again. Although the price may seemed to be cheap here, but the bag of each herbs are very easy to tear. The herbs would spill out easily and the herbs are not strong enough to heal your wound. Not recommended if you are serious about trying to get better.
B001IDZMFG|2|At the time of purchase I had some hopes for this, seeing it had neither good nor bad reviews, hoping it just ot be a new item - I was wrong.    It comes in a very nice and presentable case and boasts of free lifetime replacement blades as well. This would be a fantastic thing if the blades were any good.    Even after fully charging the new shaver it does not shave. You can repeadily go over a portion of your face 2, 5, 10, or 20 times - only to experience a couple of half-cut hairs and many pulled ones.    The second shaver function, on the back, does work to some degree and can even do a better job than the main blades at times, but still falls short of something I would put a price on.    In regards to the actual constuction quality, by just removing the plastic blade cover it reveals a very weak structure and inadequate components.    ____________________________________  By all means do NOT buy this shaver.
B000U6CT7G|5|IT'S A VERY GOOD PRODUCT. INITIALLY I SAW IT AT THE MEN'S WAREHOUSE, BUT THEY WANTED SIGNIFICANTLY MORE THAN I WAS WILLING TO PAY FOR IT.
B006DR2BO2|5|So as a soldier in the Army I've been shaving nearly everyday for the past 9+ years and have gone through many different razors trying to find one that won't irritate my skin after shaving.  I started with the Mach 3 and it seemed to get the job done but after about a few days of using one razor cartridge I started to get a lot of irritation and knicks with the blade.  After a few years I switched to the Fusion Power. (not motorized simply the Power line of Razor cartridges)  I found that the blades did last a little longer but getting a good shave against the grain could only be accomplished within the first 2 uses of the blade after that I was forced to use it with the grain because it would irritate my skin.  Recently switched to the Proglide Power line of Fusion cartridges, and pretty much gained the same result, this time having switched to the vibrating razor body.<br /><br />So first of all the Hydro 5 was attractive to me because I'm tired of paying 28+ dollars for 8 cartridges of the Fusion Proglide Power.  So now that I have the Hydro 5 I'm simply amazed.  The best feature on the Razor in my opinion is the skin guards built into each blade.  They stop the razor from knicking as much and from irritating my skin as I shave, to include when I have to shave against the grain on my neck to get all of the hair.  The feel of the blade takes some getting used to as it does barely feel as though the razor is shaving as close.  I get a smooth shave with little to no irritation at all. Also the way that the moisturizor bar clicks backward in order to turn the razor into a trimmer may seem cheap or skeptical at first but I assure you it works quite well.<br /><br /> So for all you guys (and gals...no judgement :P ) that have to shave everyday this blade is amazingly smooth and won't irritate your skin like other razors will, and at a fraction of the price for what you pay for the Fusion line of products.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Smooth shave everytime<br />Vibrate feature to allow closer shave<br />skin guard on blades for less knicking and razor burn<br />Replacements much cheaper than the Fusion line of blades<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />No cradle for the blade like the Fusion has to help with storing extra cartridges<br />razor is a bit more bulky than the Fusion.e to allow closer shave<br />skin guard on blades for less knicking and razor burn<br />Replacements much cheaper than the Fusion line of blades<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />No cradle for the blade like the Fusion has to help with storing extra cartridges<br />razor is a bit more bulky than the Fusion.
B004BRZ5VM|5|I absolutely love this makeup!  It's light and smooth on my face and doesn't make my face look cake-ish!
B00776B71Q|4|My 2 sons have been asking me to find a spray on sunscreen for them.  I have been trying to use sunscreen that has less harmful chemicals so it's been difficult to find a spray on one that's not too bad.  I found this one on the ewg.org website and it was rated better than many other spray-ons so I decided to give it a shot.  The boys were thrilled that I finally found something because it took forever to rub in the zinc oxide lotion I have been using!  This bottle was smaller than I imagined (though 4oz would be small, right?!). I like that you can lock the sprayer so you don't accidentally spray it (especially good since we were traveling with it in our suitcase). There was little to no scent to this product.  I tried it out on the kids skin before we went on vacation as my 9yr old has had reactions to some products (rash) but no problems here.  The product sprays on easily and is easy to rub in (since its a lotion you do have to rub it in).  Not very thick but not too thin that it drips all over before you rub it in.  We were in the sunny Caribbean (quite pale as our summer tans had worn off in the cold of CT!).  The boys were on waterslides, in pools, and in the ocean, and the water-proofness of this product is great.  None of us burned at all on our vacation.  I highly recommend this product.
B000TCD51A|5|Very soft organic cotton pads! I've never felt cotton pads this soft and gentle. They are also thick.
B00GR4TPW2|5|So good, especially for the price! If you're looking for the &#34;Naked&#34; without the Urban Decay price, this is it!
B003FKSVMG|1|When I applied to my face it stung...made my face red...made it itch..and I'm not sensitive to products at all!! What gives? I definitely will not buy this again! Too good to be true...sorry Ellen:(
B0055S4CRY|5|good
B000TVNIY0|1|Has not worked yet, been using it for a month. Jar was not factory plastic sealed.  I haven't seen any change in my undereyes.
B00MG9HG4G|3|Works ok for the price
B0036I8BPE|3|I liked this product on my relaxed hair. It moisturized and made it very soft; however on my natural hair I would recommend a different product. Of course everyone has different hair textures, as my natural hair grew in I found this a little less effective--Could just be me though. It smells nice & has an interesting consistency. Nice product, I'd definitely consider using it again. Hope this helps. Happy shopping!
B000NSQM6U|4|It does the job & is probably the best available product.  It lasts appx 5 - 7 days.  The brush hairs are too long, which contributes to a lot of waste.  Considering the price , You can't give feedback direct to the company cause they have legal terms & conditions posted on their web site &#34;We do not accept...suggestions.&#34; If you choose to send, then they have the right to freely post and use for their marketing without notifying you. That's kinda hostile anti-consumer.
B008JRNAE4|5|YBF cosmetics never disappoint me - and this eyebrow pencil is a taupe color that you can adjust from light to a really, really dark brown - depending on the pressure you use to apply.  I have used this product for years - and it lasts a very long time.
B000EZYKTS|5|I love this product and am very glad that I bought it. I highly recommend it for everyone. The first time I used it was almost a month ago and it kept me 99% hair free for over 3 weeks.
B005KR4SWY|4|Great deal
B002PQ8BQM|5|I'm a trial lawyer and used this for a very stressful 3 day jury trial.  Worked perfectly! Will definitely use again!
B001TAIFZM|2|Bottle of crap
B003WR3QSG|5|Exactly as I said in the subject line. Great brush for the price. Is it as comparable with most of the top name brushes out there? Not too much, but it's close enough for being a fraction of the price.<br /><br />Do follow general brush care (get a stand, clean it, etc.) and this one should last you quite a while.
B004RXFLG4|2|The website picture is slightly different from the product delivered the hose reciver doesn't have the pre made perforations for the vacuum breaker
B0010EPQ36|5|I order this over and over.  It's become a necessity!  I use it mostly at work and people always walk by and ask what smells so good!  Men and women alike ask to borrow it.  It is very rich and thick, but it absorbs almost right away, so you don't feel greasy.  It's hard to find a hand cream that gets both of those right.
B002ZTT9II|5|The face looks so cute when I apply it.
B00IUHUUKK|5|Words can't describe my love affair with the silicon mix! 10 stars
B00ZQDKDIU|5|Loveeeee this stuff...has so many great uses. Was excited to recieve this so fast... Great quality & price thanks to a great seller. Thanks.
B001B8A9LU|5|Good product.
B00TI6TSF0|4|I started using this mask back in 2008. I use it more as a spot treatment when i go to bed. If i'm breaking out, at night i'll dab a little on the spots and wake up to them being gone or significantly reduced.<br /><br />I do not apply it to my entire face a s full mask because i find that it is too drying. It also can be a bit smelly due to the sulfur even after washing off. I do not use the other proactive products anymore as they became too harsh but the mask i've kept up with because it works.<br /><br />The big issue is that its super expensive. Being I use it as a spot treatment, it lasts a very long time. Probably a year or so. And that makes the cost not so bad.
B007L51ET8|5|Went all over my city one Friday night looking for this palette before I gave up and bought it here. All of the shades are amazing and buttery, but the star of the show is the bottom left shade imprinted with &#34;define.&#34; It's a duochrome reddish brown/blueish green and its absolutely stunning and unique when applied. Well worth the hunt.
B00EOTEMFM|5|Very good product
B0041EOA3O|5|I bought this as part of a Christmas gift package I am giving my girlfriend this Christmas.  She has been using Suave products (body wash and lotion) for years.  On that note, I would recommend this stuff since she has been using it for years.
B0037B73N6|5|okay I have not had a chance to use this yet but I pass it on to a friend and she said it work great her hair is much longer then mind
B009MYO1I2|1|Not happy, smell too &#34;feminine&#34; and not a good later, not like the Aussie Mega Shampoo I used in the 80's
B003V360NY|1|I have the older style Norelco and like it much better.  You have to put this one on a bulky stand to charge, you can''t just plug the cord into the bottom, and the neck trimmer piece is not attached.  You have to take the regular head off and put on the trimmer instead of it just popping up from the back.  I miss my old one.  Poor design.
B00BD822BI|4|Very happy with the product.  Smells great.  I feel like I have just left the spa after I use it.  My skin feels more supple after 3 weeks of usage.
B002QDVC74|5|oh yeah!
B0010ARID6|5|This is my second hair piece and I didn't care for the first but I like the way this looks and feels.  And I didn't even pay attention to the fact that it was human hair so that was an extra bonus for me.
B0086GT35I|3|even thought I really like the razor and had to send it out to be sharpened.... I love a company that buys a item for more than less than half the price.... have boxes printed up and then sells the razor for 2 1/2 times the price.....  This is a gold dollar razor. I know this due to the laser etching was removed... I noticed this through a loupe, seeing if the edge was sharp enough..... don't be fooled like I was people, go to gold dollar site and buy for the fraction of the price.... effin greedy companies
B000WNLFBI|5|My hands were so dried and cracked over winter.  This cream was a good moisturizer and absorbed quite well.  It was a little greasy until it soaked in but it gave my skin a nice glow and translucence.  Kind of a youthful look to your skin.
B0049LUI9O|5|I chose it because most reviews were positive, they were correct. It is powerful, it does what it is supposed to do and it is easy to clean after each use.<br />Word Of Caution: be careful where you use; it is powerful like I stated already, so you may create some unintended damage. Follow the directions to the T and do not get inspired that it can be used everywhere.
B0046797WK|2|When I first tried out this mascara, it was similar to the Revlon PhotoReady Mascara... but it doesn't give the length that mascara did. The brush individually separates the lashes and I could coat my lashes with two or three coats. The brush was the perfect size for my bottom lashes as well, but the formula was funky and left my lashes sticky. It also didn't last for hours like the Maybelline Falsies. I would also see little black specks under my eyes. So this wasn't the mascara for me.
B00I5RETXO|5|Love this amish farms soap brand. Leaves my skin feeling silky smooth and fresh smell. The bar soap sizes are no joke either. They make great gifts for the loves one and hell buy some for yourself. Will buy again for sure.
B00J7FYYM4|5|works great...better than any of the other fabric fresheners.
B007MJKHVO|2|Too much water ..runny
B002QI1E9K|5|Perfect for dark eyebrows.
B0080CO2F4|5|Came pretty fast and the price was right, couldn't pass it up.Very nice item.I usually can't afford anything for myself so I was so happy to find this.
B000ICRDSW|1|crap!
B008JBR26W|5|Very good condition
B005VX8S4G|4|Good product, with plenty of pictures, just have a lot of creativity. Too bad not to have protection on the back of each card ... Besides a product to buy, no doubt ...
B00NFI6WV0|1|I purchased the Foxy Tale TM Replacement Brush Head for Deep Pore Cleansing (GENERIC) - 4pc Pack. When I opened each box to check each individual brush,  my order contained 3 blue deep pore and 1 black  bristled  brush. I hope &#34;Foxy Tale &#34;  will rectify this issue quickly
B002U2OTYE|3|Did not realize it was a candle, I thought I was buying hand cream. I donot burn candles but I like the fragrance,will probably give as gift. I love the scent,I also bought parfumerie in this fragrance
B000EA0L5K|5|I have used this product for years, and have to say that it is absolutely my favorite cream...and I don't have to spend a lot for great results. So glad that I can buy it through Amazon!
B00M6N0GHQ|1|No matter how long you place your nails under the light, the gel polish will not dry correctly.  It will always smudge.  I love the Gelish brand, and maybe I received a bad batch, but this is awful!
B004DIXYWG|5|Wow I just tried it and made a huge difference in the way my foundation came on and stayed! DEFINITELY repurchasing
B000ZX64YS|5|I have been using this product for years -- it WORKS!!  Excellent.
B001KYQ2M0|4|makeup was in good condition and it did not smell funny like it was expired or anything.  i do have to say that their picure is a tad misleading that I did not realize I got just the pink and I was orig thinking that I was ordering the set of three as shown.  But they still had awsome customer service and i would totally recomend and order from again!!!
B003Y55NXM|5|This product took about two weeks to arrive. Product was great. It comes actually the way it is displayed on the site. I was very pleased with it.
B00HFQQ0VU|5|I really like the water flossed.
B000V0X61O|5|great price for my favorite fragrance
B002AER2FU|5|I finally found eyelash glue that works! I have never been able to keep lashes on but this helped me keep huge costume lashes on all day and night.
B001IM5VT4|5|Love this! I use no other brand on my face.
B0081R9Q3G|5|Oh my goodness I really like this liner. Fortunate buy. Will last awhile but I will buy again.
B000XPX0KO|5|Came well packed and so much sooner than expected.  They fit perfectly on my Crest Spin Brush..  Really good price..
B008133CU8|5|They really work wonders on my face.
B00NYIP6P4|4|Houseables's customer service is fantastic! When I received my shower caddy, I noticed that the bottom was missing the padding shown in the picture (the bottom is just mesh). The seller issued a full refund. It's not a huge problem though; I'm sure this caddy will still be perfect when I head to college!
B003XQ7A38|1|Yet another derma e product that was changed AND NOT FOR THE BETTER.  This is the second product that I had used happily for a couple of years and now they've changed it so it is no longer good for all skin types.  I had ordered the old product and received the new without any notice that it was no longer a product I can use. Amazon was helpful in getting my money back since this is useless garbage to me.<br />I'm finding replacement products for all the derma e I've been using for years since they appear to be abandoning their long-time customers and changing their products to not support those of us with sensitive/dry skin.
B00I5H5Z78|5|At first i did not think this gel would work very well, but i in the end i couldn't have been more incorrect.  This gel helped to give the closest shave i have ever gotten.  It also prevented any type of razor burn or irritation following the shave.  It is thick enough to not wash off prematurely, yet does not gunk the cartridge up with shaving gel.  I plan to use this for all my shaving needs in the future.  I received the gel from the brand as part of a free trial with bzzagent.
B001CX4JSS|5|Great feel in my hand, lighter than my old sonicare from years ago,slim, hhold the charge a very long time
B000P20R6A|5|exelente
B00FEMQUKS|5|My hair has gotten so thick and healthy. I love how it feels in the shower.
B004442TA2|5|I love this wig!!!! I just recieved by UPS and about to order another. It's so becoming on me and natural looking. I love freetress lace wigs period!
B00K0R8NWK|3|Blessings in Holy Sound-Yeshua !<br />I didn't like this brush that much....bristles are too small for my use....others may like it though.<br />Namaste,<br />Omody
B007SZCG0C|5|The shampoo definitely does a lot to strengthen and fortify my hair as well as prevent my girlfriend and my shower drain from clogging up with our hair. I was skeptical about caffeine used on the skin topically but I am now a fan! I really feel like it is worth the money. Before you would have called me crazy to spend 50$ on shampoo but not any more!! After this Hair Surge I feel like I have a chance to push my full headed hair into the 30's! What is that worth to you??! Mind you this does not happen overnight you got to give it a week at least once per day and make sure to leave in the hair at least 5 minutes before rinsing for maximum results!!
B003V264WW|4|This is a great hairdryer for such a cheap price. However, I ended up ordering a much higher end dryer which I use instead. If I were in a pinch or was on a budget, I would definitely use/recommend this dryer, though.
B001O95MZ4|1|These are junk.  I bought a couple of these in 2011 when they were 9.79 each.  They are not precise enough to cleanly trim anything.  Now that the price is this low, I'd expect the quality to be even lower than the units I received.
B00NVGK7E4|5|love the serum and how it feels on my face, this is a remarkable product.
B003CJL88Y|3|Great product! My husband uses it - works slow but surely. I would recommend it to people who have scalp problems. But I used to purchase it from Whole Foods Markets, they no longer carry it or Collective Wellbeing is no longer in stores. I had to search all over NYC!
B002OD7GGC|4|I received my purchase very quickly. The color and texture is very nice, however, the hair has a \\"shiny\\" glow to it that is un natural looking in the sunlight.
B00H26Z0Z0|5|Great item as decribed.
B00KO6W31E|4|Don't expect it to hold anything heavy. Very thin and flimsy, but it gets the job done I guess. Also, the blue color is not as pictured, turned out more of a royal blue/purple.
B00GNBBCF2|4|I was very satisfied with the Eucerin Daily Moisturizing Face Cream.
B000X1LOJM|3|the top is a pump and it leaks
B001395GGA|5|I came across this product last summer when my boyfriends brother asked me to babysit for him he said he wouldnt be able to pay me in $$ but he had something to compensate me with. They're next door neighbor which is a hairdresser was moving out and gave them a box filled with hair goodies. When he came home he took the box out and made me pick out whatever i wanted from shampoos to conditioners and THE AQUAGE GEL. every since then i can't live without it. I was lucky enough to try it for free it is a little pricey but it is worth every penny!! My hair is very long almost to my waist and its thick and wavy and frizzy (if i blowdry it) you only need a little tiny bit even if you do have alot of hair like me and it leaves it SO smooth you won't want to stop playing with your hair. It's so good you wont even have to style after hair dries makes it look like i just got back from the beach but very hydrated and shiny! ( and not greasy) i cannot say enough about how good this product is. i love it
B00538TSMU|5|I am so in love with these lashes and so glad I bought them. They come exactly like in the picture in 2 boxes and they were packaged very well. I knew they were coming from China so I was expecting to wait at least 15 days, I was amazed when they arrived at my door step in 7 days. The quality is really good they can be worn just like other lashes. They don't have the perfect for but just bend them a little before putting them on and they're fantastic. I wish they'd come up with more styles because I'd buy them all. AMAZING PRODUCT FOR SUCH A CHEAP PRICE. Im impressed.
B000BIUGX2|1|This is not at all the same shampoo as the one I purchase at my salon. Same bottle, completely different shampoo insides. I would not purchase from this seller again
B0006ON4IU|5|My husband loves it for his beard. Carries it around in his pocket.
B00J2D80W6|5|This retinol cream is really great.  I have used other face creams in the past and while effective I found them to be more expensive than this one and I needed to use a lot more.  I have been using this product once a day for about a week and I can already notice a difference.  I really like the smell, not a heavy perfume but almost a &#34;scentless&#34; smell.  I only need a pump, maybe a pump and a half if my face is dry that day to do the job.  The cream isn't super thick like a heavy lotion but it isn't thin either to where it doesn't do its job, its the perfect texture.  I like that when I put it on it does not feel greasy, but my skin definitely feels moisturized, which is not always the case with other retinol creams.  Finally the price is what I find the greatest point of it.  The size of the bottle is huge, I am including a picture of it being held so you can see.  I have never had a bottle this big before and I am glad because I know it will last me awhile.<br />I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
B001MIZMNY|2|This particular product really dried out my skin.
B005JRTGO0|5|Love how light it is to hold while styling hair, yet large enough to see from all different angles.  Easily maneuverable, durable, and flawless mirror.  Well worth the price.
B00A5MQRS2|5|Before finding this product I would sit for hours trying to get my gel based polish off. With this tool I now can soak my nails then gently removed the polish. Wonderful product!
B00L2Z31IU|5|Great quality brushes! They are so soft and I did not have hairs falling out everywhere. I also love the little indention some of the brushes have for your fingers. It makes them easier to hold onto and use. They'd were definitely a great buy!!!
B000RLG8JE|5|WaterPik makes a very helpful dental device. Just don't push on the rotating part of the handle too hard as this will probably break over time. There is just  a very thin plastic washer holding the whole thing together as I found out when the first one fell apart.
B006H4HKMY|5|I love this smell. It just makes me happy. I am sorry that they have discontinued this item but I am delighted that I could still get it through you. I got prompt delivery and everything as expected. Thank you!!
B003DKQCDS|5|being a red head it is hard to find the color you want for your brows------this is exactly the right color & it lasts
B00AYSXBPO|5|Great Smell
B00A6EXU4I|5|I love my CNS nails! No more nails damaged by over filing and no more paying for fills every 2 weeks. Application takes a few times to get used to the right amount of glue, but removal is fast, easy, and (when done patiently) damage free.  Just soak in 100% acetone for about 10-12 minutes and the glue is all dissolved.  No need for a lot of scraping which can damage the natural nails.  I use one finger to push the CNS nail off after soaking.  Let the CNS nails soak in the acetone while manicuring your nails and then wipe them off with a paper towel with a little alcohol to be sure no glue residue is left in the numbers stamped into the back side of the nails.<br /><br />You can wear them french tip.  You can wear with regular or gel polish.  Do artwork to your CNS nails before you apply them.  So many options to have great, natural looking nails that won't stain, chip, or break.  I can't wait to get another set in a different length and shape for special occasions.
B007A4LZBC|5|I`ve been using Neo-40 for 2 years now and find does help .
B004Y9AINC|3|I bought it for my wife last year and it was working great for her.  Did exactly what it was supposed to do.<br /><br />After twice daily use for 12.5 months, it just quit working.  I suspect the rechargable battery died.  The power light comes on, push the button and it makes a noise then turns itself off.  That works out to about $8 a month so I give it three stars since it did what it was supposed to do.<br /><br />We are going back to the water pik.  Not as light or small, but it keeps working and does the same thing.
B0002KHU3I|4|Received correct product in time stated.<br />Much easier shopping on line, many stores did<br />not have this product.  Buy enough 3 packs and<br />shipping is free.<br />A good deal
B00006IV30|5|This hair setter is great! The plastic rollers grip the hair better than my other hair setter with smooth rollers. The rollers stay in the hair and the curls are long lasting...even in humid weather. Heats up fast. Love these hot rollers for quick and curly styles...with lots of body! This will be great for traveling as it's dual voltage. Highly recommend!
B001DZ9T76|4|Five stars thank you
B00A2EUQUS|5|I love this flat iron, the best I have used on my coarse hair. I have used several different brands and this is by far the best.
B004RILYJM|5|This product arrived quickly and was in a box that keeps the product secure and good for storage. It works beautifully
B001I6U028|5|This is my go-to body cream. I used to dislike the scent, but I have become used to it, I guess. It smells something like burnt sugar, but not bad. It really doesn't matter because it fades quickly. The body cream itself is thick and lovely, makes my skin feel really nice. I sometimes combine this one with one of the others. I order more of this when I'm getting low, even if I have 12 others on hand. I don't want to be without this one.
B001EWEP40|2|This does not smell like the traditional Power Fresh Mitchum and I don't think it works as well.
B0001XVJLA|4|This review is for the pedestal version of the same mirror.<br /><br />I needed to upgrade from my 20 year old old Clairol tri-fold makeup mirror because my eye sight had deteriorated such that I needed to wear glasses to see clearly (even with the 5x magnification).  The 7x magnification of this mirror was just right for me but Zadro also makes a 5x version and, in their travel mirror, an 8x version.<br /><br />The 100 watt illumination of this mirror might be as much as you can get in a fluorescent mirror and is bright enough to see well in an otherwise darkened room.  I much prefer fluorescent lights to incandescent for makeup mirrors.<br /><br />The size of the mirror is just right.  Any larger would be overkill.<br /><br />I prefer the design of the pedestal version of this lamp as it brings the mirror closer to your face and looks more attractive sitting on the counter.<br /><br />I would have been willing to may more for a dual sided mirror (7x/1x) with this same illumination but like this mirror, nonetheless.
B0006V7Y8Y|5|bought online because i didn't want to go out shopping with all the craziness. it was just what i expected..
B00000J9DU|2|I was somewhat satisfied in the beginning but then my water pik started leaking and the top of the pik broke! Now it's completely useless (even if you try to fix it with duck tape) and I think it was a total waste of money. Nobody wants water everywhere!!! It makes a mess and it is cheap plastic. I can't believe I wasted my money on this. Plus the button to stop the water doesn't work very well unless you push as hard as you can which is difficult to do when you are trying to simultaneously use the product on your teeth. In addition, it doesn't hold enough water and there is no warning in the instructions that if you don't hold down the button when you turn the water on you will get yourself soaked.  Nice one conair. 😠
B000ORY3MU|5|I have very dry skin and have read many reviews of various products of the Nivea skincare line. I never knew where to begin when it came to a nighttime moisturizer (as there are so many out there) but I knew I needed to get something substantial without breaking the bank. I have been using this for several months and although I have not seen that much of a significant difference, it just feels good when I put it on before bed (after washing and toning) and when I wake up my skin feels more supple and hydrated. The cream has a lovely scent and has a light, whipped texture (a little goes a long way). I plan on getting the coordinating Q10 Plus Day Cream but for now I use the original Nivea cream in the Navy Blue tin (this cream is quite dense but my thirsty skin soaks it up like nothing). Plus, I like that its rooted in German ingenuity and if I ever go back to vacationing in or around Germany , I will definitely be picking a few of these up for myself.<br /><br />Going on 30, I have learned that simplicity is the key element within a skin care regimen. I have tried so many things and spent much money the past 10 years but now I am trying to be consistent and cost efficient with the products I choose and use on my face and I am enjoying this product so far.
B000F4B70I|4|very study good adjustments
B001FSK8SK|3|This is the second time I've ordered this item off of Amazon. Every time I get it, the paste inside is basically a puddy and doesn't hold to the container. If I go to get a finger dab, as soon as I push on it, the entire chunk of paste spins around in the container and pops right out. That makes it very hard to get some out of the container, where if I buy this at a retailer, the paste sticks to the container and makes it far easier to use. Not sure if I will buy it again even though the price is better.
B0012RXVA6|5|This was a gift for my daughter.  She's happy, so I'm happy.  Kind of a classic fragrance.
B007TXJKES|5|great product well packaged will do business again thanks
B003YMJJSK|4|Great face wash, it definitely takes all the oil and dirt away. May make your face a little dry but that is fixed with some moisturizer. Will purchase again!
B00DM97QJE|4|My package arrived on time i really like all the different patterns. i would have given it 5 stars but the cheetah print i wanted on the display pic i didnt get...
B000LQL3ZE|5|I have loved this unique scent for many years, since the late '80's but had not been able to locate it for quite some time, years even!  Then I found this gift set which included the body wash and body lotion and I am thrilled wear it again,  I always have people ask what I am wearing when I use it.
B00070E8IS|5|I love this hairdryer!!! I don't have very long hair( shoulder length  and it takes me around 7 min to dry my whole head and just 2 min if im doing my bangs and sides only. Color is great too!! A really good brand. My moother in law who has extremely thick hair loved it and I ordered one for her as well!
B000WZIV72|3|Bought for wife's birthday. Ordered the product 2 weeks in advance, however it still arrived late. When she did get it, 4 days after her birthday, she loved it. Great scent and worth every penny!
B00KSRUCI0|3|Protects from burn but turns me pasty white
B00KU8FYN0|3|It didn't really make my hair grow longer. It only gave it a slight effect of thickness. I've been using it for 3 Weeks and not much growth.
B00T6IHQOK|3|Charcoal is the latest hot ingredient in skin care and it seems like every cosmetic brand - from high-end to drugstore - are rushing charcoal based products to the market.<br /><br />I'm a huge fan of Dark Angels by Lush which, in my opinion, really sets the standard.  It's a great all-round cleanser and exfoliant, but it's also kind of expensive so I've been eager to try something at a lower price point.  I recently tried Freeman's Charcoal Mask and Scrub which isn't too bad and now I'm giving Biore's Charcoal Bar a shot.  First off, it smells like peppermint.  Not a bad thing, but kind of unexpected.  While the bar itself is black, it creates a nice creamy white lather devoid of any grit, so while it might be &#34;penetrating my pores&#34; with the charcoal, it didn't really give me that sense.  If I didn't know differently it would just seem like a regular, albeit mint-scented, soap.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that my face didn't feel tight after rinsing.  While someone with a younger, oilier complexion might like that tight feeling soap usually leaves, at my age it isn't very pleasant.<br /><br />I've been using this exclusively for about a week and as a refreshing complexion bar, I give this high marks.  But compared to other charcoal cleansers I've used, it isn't particularly distinguished.
B0000536Y7|4|Expect this to dry out your skin. It's and exfoliating scrub and works accordingly. Have moisterizer on hand and follow directions using 1x per week.
B00KUTUNU8|4|Very comfortable. I really wish it was wider so it ran the entire length of my toe but it is overall a good quality product.
B00B594L2S|5|Nice lashes and fairly fast shipping
B00028LN1K|5|I was skeptical about this product. I had heard it did wonders for PUPPP (pregnancy rash) and figured it couldn't hurt. I used this for 3 days and my rash is completely gone. My husband is also using it on his back and chest to help with some body acne and it seems to be helping with that as well. I don't love the smell but it doesn't bother me and the results would be worth it even if it smelled terrible. It has an earthy, rubbery smell. Can't recommend enough for skin conditions!!
B001PHLCSQ|5|Great for my skin, smooth not sticlky and lasts until it gets cleaned off instead of just dissipating off my skin. I would recommend it.
B000EN2OKW|4|Works great on these tired old feet. The product odor is slightly pungent but rapidly dissipated after a few minutes.
B00H7KTEZ8|4|Really like the product it is feeling great to soak my feet after travel and work
B00GMRJWPY|5|Is great I use it for a moisturizer that I make my self is the second time I order and I will buy it again
B003WOXNRS|5|very good!
B004L18FY2|4|I love this stuff. keeps my hair moisturized between shampoos. Could be priced better. not everyone can afford to buy.
B001XXEW3E|5|love this stuff
B00JFJR4OW|2|This wig is terrible quality, but in all fairness, it doesn't cost much either.  I made it work really well, by cutting slits in the mesh to make it stretch larger for an adult head, by cutting more short on the top and using hairspray to make the top full, and but cutting some short in front of each ear to hide where the hairlines on the side.  I rebraided it while it was on my daughter's head and honestly, it looked pretty good when I was done.  Don't expect to take it out of the package and put it on and like it.  And it is definitely gold, not white platinum as the picture shows.
B008PJZXT6|5|Finally a solution for dry cracked heels. Works much better than anything else I've tried including sanding pads.
B007FHA3BW|5|Really good tattoo balm and a little goes a really long way. I will definately buy this again, it makes the colour so bright.
B007YQUS4Q|4|Color is a little different than it shows.
B0032ANCWS|1|Every single can would not work. As soon as you open it and push the button, nothing would come out. The entire box is useless!!
B00K161IRW|4|Because using this product. .it works but you have to read the full instructions.
B00DWKRJ18|1|The polishes peel. I did them on Monday, it is now Thursday, and I already had to redo 2 nails because they peeled off, and the rest are starting to lift. They won't make it through the weekend. I loved the glitter set, but this one is terrible
B009WI2KPE|3|the color is beautiful, at least in my lips are so
B00CDVOMPS|5|I love this body wash.  Doesn't have an overpowering fragrance.  Just a light and clean smell.  I will be buying it again.
B009GIOVKC|5|This face scrubber feels like QUALITY. It works very well, your skin will feel very smooth and clean. Just be careful not to scrub too hard!
B001SERK9G|5|You could get an expensive facial brush or you can get this one at a great price and it is fantastic. The charge lasts a long time and I can take it in shower with me. This is my second Pretika Facial Brush (my first one got lost during a recent move) and it really makes a difference in the smoothness of my skin.
B00VXZJZ9I|5|I love this sunscreen! I use it every day as a moisturizer on my face before my morning routine and all I need is a small dab on my finger to apply it. However, if I'm using it for specifically being in the sun, I have to use more to make sure I am getting the best coverage. I have had this sunscreen for over a month and you can see in the attachment that I have barely scrapped the surface. Also, I have very sensitive skin on my wrists and my skin will blister if it is in the sun for too long. Today, which was the hottest day of the year, I played mini golf for about 1 1/2 hours and not a single bump appeared (see attachment). Very happy with this product and I definitely recommend it to others :)
B00703QGQM|5|This brush is great.
B008I2ILDK|4|Exactly as expected. Brushes are a little too soft but it will work fine.
B005UZMBTS|1|The product I received was nothing like the one pictured.  What I got was a huge frizzy mass in at the top with nice defined coils near the nape and framing the face. I wound up throwing it away. Only giving 1 star because there are no negative stars.
B000U08ZN4|5|I received this toothbrush as a gift for Christmas in 2007 and halfway through 2011 the toothbrush and the Smart Guide are working perfectly! I have used this toothbrush since 2007 and simply replacing the brush head every 3 months is all I have to do. My teeth feel extremely clean, and now that I have braces, the orthodontic brush-head by Oral-B makes brushing my teeth easy and comfortable.
B002FBFQME|3|I tried this and it breaks me and make my skin feel sticky. It just didn't work for me. My skin is super sensitive so it may just be me.
B00TU6WKCG|4|Good sponge, but not as exfoliating as advertised. Holds a lot of water, and it smells like the ocean (which is a plus to me).
B001ET76AI|4|Works well with other tooth paste but mostly is used for therabreath, The product leaves a taste in the mouth.
B0086VI9TE|1|These do not even attach to my toothbrush. These heads are totally defective. Just got off the phone with sonicare who told me that this is a rampant problem for them. Buy directly from their site steer clear of this product!
B0047ELN2O|5|This shampoo makes me hair look shiny and sleek without a heavy weigh down or greasy feeling.  makes my thick hair feel nice and light after I heat style--No problems here.
B000EGILRE|5|I love this lotion! My skin looks much smoother and fine lines are less noticeable!  I have sensitive skin, but do not break out from this!!
B0094GHGQM|4|This product does meet the promise of no clumps.  However, the volume isn't quite the 200x promised.  The brush does a good job of separating lashes.  Not sure I'll buy it again.
B000B6VIPY|1|10 years ago, I started to wax my bikini area and always used Tend Skin to prevent ingrowns. I never had to worry about ingrowns. Three months ago, as I was looking for good deals for Tend Skin, I came across Princereigns on Amazon and read all the positive reviews. Most people seemed to have a positive outcome, plus it was gentle and had pleasant smell. I thought \\"can't go wrong, I'll try it out.\\" I was never unhappy with Tend Skin but it did dry out my skin so I was open to trying something new and Princereigns seemed promising. Girl, was I wrong!!!  I didn't know how great Tend Skin was in preventing ingrowns until I stopped using it and started to use Princereigns. I gave Princereigns three months to redeem itself...that was too long!!! I was way too optimistic. Currently, I have so many bumps and ingrowns, it's too embarrassing to wear a bikini bottom! I have never had so many ingrown hair in my life. I just received Tend Skin in the mail, and hopefully, it'll help my waxed area clear up before I take my vacation in 3 weeks. I'll be sure to use extra moisturizing lotion when I use Tend Skin. I'm never going to use Princereigns - I wish there was a money back guarantee. Even my husband who uses Tend Skin on his face got more ingrowns while using Princereigns. I wonder if you're better off not using anything at all than to use Princereigns(to save money!)
B00DIRCCMQ|3|The product is an average concealer, but it is NOT the moderate to major coverage it is advertised to be. I bought it because of that statement. I have a scar on my face from a previous surgery, that also left me with some  enlarged pores. It does nothing to cover either of those issues. I am very disappointed, as I was expecting more coverage from the product. If you need a basic concealer, this should work well for you, but if you have anything more than discoloration to cover, look elsewhere. Don't waste your time or money on this one.
B002VAPHXW|4|Unbeatable for the price, I wish the instructions on measuring where a little more detailed for the calipers but you can find good info online. Tape is excellent.
B000Q6SU3C|5|This product is awesome, after my first shave I threw my rotory in the garbage (Norelco Arcitec) as it never shaved right.    My first shave was as smooth as a razor. Cleaning seems great (no mess!!!). Be advised there is a cleaning pack that you must buy for the cleaning (Comes with one however). Each pack lasts around 30 days. A 12 pack on Amazon is around $56.
B001L7SFZ8|1|I was supposed to receive a 4 per packs(Pack of 12). I only received 1 pack of 4. I have attached the photo of the packet I received. I want the other 11 packs as purchased. I should not have to pay $8+ for a pack of 4 disposable razors.<br /><br />Daoud
B00LICKHOS|5|This is one great and awesome item. I started using this the next day after I got it in the mail and I can tell you if anyone touches that they will be in trouble. I have had so many different brushes for putting makeup on and I have even had a kabuki brush but this one is flat across and it is so easy to apply the makeup with this one. I am so in love with this I am going to have to get another one. Also my daughter wants one now. Thanks for making such a great product.
B005EII15O|5|This is the first blush to blend into my skin, not just lay on top.<br />I would recommend it to everyone.
B00QB63W6G|5|Best red lipstick ever!
B000CST4HA|1|The solution was fake and not the real solution
B006B7WL12|3|This polish would NOT dry! It looks super pretty when it's still wet, but it kinda dulls out when it dries. Also, you need a really good top coat for this otherwise your nails will just look messy and unifinished.
B0066DC68Y|5|If your eyes are as dry as mine are, they need the ointment that comes in this product. Personally, I use it all of the time, not just at night. The amount of product needs to be moderated for daytime use because the oil causes blurriness, but in time and with experience, this is not a problem and my eyes thank me for it!
B0031LH1WK|4|Works fairly well for removing pine sap from my dogs' paws. Recommended by a vet tech. Pricey, though
B004L96O10|5|Nice shampoo with a great scent! Cleans my hair nicely.
B003QSY4UK|5|Love this stuff! Really helps maintain long lashes...without it mascara always seems to pull on my eyelashes and make them dry and brittle. Problem solved with this product!
B00014DGCO|5|Love it.....put a couple drops in tube of toilet paper roll when changing roll and it keeps bathroom smelling great.
B000U3N716|5|I needed an eye cream for my very dry and sensitive skin and after trying many brands, this was the one. It is great under makeup and I also wear it at night. It is worth every cent!
B001A3HPT0|4|you can get it at the grocery store for $8 the bowl is decent, the brush does not last long, and the soap is incredible. i am considering buying the same company's luxury shave set ( the orange box)
B003S516XO|5|She loves it and never complains about it so must be a good one whatever it is.
B000VQEUK4|5|Second order of this cream.  I use this cream every night before bed.  Dark spots on my face are slowly disappearing.  I did notice that when I stopped using the cream my skin darkened. Recommend using continuously to see results.
B00NZRIMVE|1|doesnt work at all its a peice of crap i paid for plastic that  doesnt work
B003IIYO6C|5|This mascara takes a few seconds longer but definitely worth it. Defines each eyelash and stays put. Truly waterproof but easy on the lashes and easy to take off. thanks givenchy
B00J9QIOV8|5|I love these wipes. The smell is not overpowering but very subtle. There are great for traveling, and I carry them in my carryon bag
B00CKZOV9Y|4|Great style comfortable nice waves
B00ON1VGZK|5|Lovely moisturizer for oily skin.<br />Light texture<br />Matte finish<br />Contains low dose salycylic acid 0.5%<br />The Second ingredient is actually lemon myrtle which is supposed to have skin calming properties.<br />Sandalwood oil is low on the ingredient list, but it does provide a very delicate fragrance<br />Recommended
B00ID4HSGO|5|This tint is beautiful. Comparable to Benefits Benetint. It lasts longer and dries matte. It has an odd smell but it only lingers for a moment. Took a while to arrive but was worth the wait.
B0018MLZMQ|5|Great product!
B00CNTJHQO|1|Left my hair very brittle, didn't seem to do much for dandruff either. Can't say that I'd recommend this product.
B003YJAZZ4|5|The closest shave we can get and there is no iritation or etching after the shave.<br />---Happy with the Product and its  capabilities ----------
B001395UJ8|5|I love this product.  Just reordered two to be sure I don't run out.  It is easy to use with the pump and cleans skin without drying it.  I recommend it for all skins.
B00HYK81I2|5|This is the best.  It's a little oily, but if you have dry skin it really works well.
B0020BWQVI|2|okay
B0064P39KS|5|This is the shampoo if you want your hair clean, shiny and not dry and frizzy from being too strong.
B0019JAQPA|1|The shampoo and conditioner were working amazingly for a couple of weeks, but then suddenly were terrible. These weird flakes started appearing on my scalp, and made my hair greasy. Also it contains sulphates. Would never buy this agin
B00JF7FES2|4|Received these today and immediately shaved. I had waited to shave for an extra day because I knew these were on the way. They arrived on the day expected and were packaged well. The shaving cream is different than the normal foam cream I am used to using. It's more like a lotion than a cream. I suggest applying it to one side of your face at a time so while you're shaving the one side, the other doesn't dry out. You will want to apply a little water to your face to keep it moist. The smell is not overwhelming and smells good. It does a good job at keeping the skin lubed while you are using the blade over it. The after shave smells the same as the cream. Minty to be exact. You will feel a tingling sensation what feels good. The tubes should be about double the size and they should be completely full as these tubes don't seem to be filled completely. But also remember that a little does go along way. This is a good product and I would recommend it. Also I should mention that I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
B003S56KNK|2|I purchased a replacement screen and blades from the Remington website, and at first they worked great, but then the screen began to pop loose such that it was just riding the blades unsecured. I finally had to tape the ends to keep it in place until I cleaned the shaver. I doubt that the replacement from Amazon would be any better. I am now opting to just get a better designed shaver rather than risk putting more money into this Remington that I am using now. I only purchased this shaver a little over a year ago. The original screen that came with the shaver never had this problem, so I think that there is a flaw in how the replacement is manufactured.
B00559BAX2|5|I love this toothbrush because it feels like it is designed and customized for my teeth and mouth.  Ever since I started using this brush, I don't look for any other products.  I just cannot believe the price either! I love it.
B000IVCH5C|5|Love this cream! And the packaging is so awesome that it will make a great gift! I plan to buy several more! A new staple!
B00L0ZHK5C|5|I absolutely love these lashes ! I always like doubling my lashes to make them enhanced (no matter what style/brand I use) & these are perfect ! For those of you who have the same crave for big thick dolly lashes, purchase these !<br />Why Purchase These Lashes ?<br />1) It is affordable (10 pairs for a reasonable price)<br />2) They can be reused multiple times ! Mines last for a good 2 months with proper cleaning & caring (I doublestack them also)<br />3) I live in Hawaii, usually items/purchases/parcels coming from somewhere else other than Hawaii take a really long time to get in the mail. But somehow I got my lashes in only 6 DAYS ! I couldn't believe how fast I received it in the mail !
B00TBXLN7G|5|Excellent shave cream! Thick and creamy, smells a bit powdery and slightly feminine, but fades quickly and the shave is great. I would recommend and will purchase again.
B00E4PMQAO|4|A nose trimmer that does what it says and does it job. I like the light if you need to trim in the dark or I guess if you have really deep nasal cavities.<br /><br />Built very well, sturdy and well weighted in hand. Cleaning is a breeze.
B004KN4KNG|5|I love it!
B000FEGUIW|4|Since my husband has had a norelco shaver forever, I was a little hesitant  about purchasing this one as he compares all his new shavers to his old  one and always complains that they don't give as close a shave so we end up either giving the new shaver away or throwing it away.  He ends up with his old one.  I purchased this as a secondary shaver so he could keep it at our vacation home.  He just loves it, so  now this is the shaver that travels back and forth.  I may have to purchase another. Thumbs up.  Product is great and so is the price.  I paid 1/2 of what I paid for his older one.
B006OR8MKI|4|The item arrived on time. The product was small enough to fit in my make-up bag without looking bulky. There could have been more blush (larger) brushes vs so many eye brushes. Overall good deal
B002C3UMLK|5|Enjoying my order and happy about it. Can't wait to add to the collection. Get a set for yourself. Have fun.
B0009OAI7C|5|Just what it is supposed to be. Ordered at Christmas. Took a few weeks to arrive.
B00M1DEOD8|5|I bought this product for my wife.<br /><br />She always uses Natural products that organic and look for Raw and unrefined ingredients whenever possible. When I saw that this product had it all I ordered it.<br /><br />Some other factors why I ordered this product was the fact that this was 4 oz more than other brands on Amazon.<br /><br />I also loved the fact that the company provided an amazing guarantee that  if I was not satisfied with the product, i could return it,  even if I used it all. This made a big difference in my choice between all other brands.<br /><br />When we received the product, it came with a very nice natural bag that would just be right for the description that I saw.<br /><br />My wife has been using it since I bought it and she has been really happy with her results.<br /><br />Overall I am happy with the overall transaction, price and warranty and my wife is really happy with the product itself. So it is a win win purchase for the family.
B00BSE0P0W|5|It is the best for fast absorption.
B000JRUI4M|5|I have been using this product for many years since it is not only great for my hair, but it is not tested on animals and smells great! After using this product and allowing my hair to dry, it feels extremely light and has bounce, but that may also be from my lack of putting products in my hair. I will continue to purchase this item for many more year to come, and would recommend it to everyone!
B000V0MRLY|5|I have baby fine hair. I use just a dab of this and rub it through my hair after conditioning. It makes my hair shiny and doesn't make it sticky or weigh it down. I love it.
B00CF6M0NC|5|I'm the worst kind of beauty product customer, lazy but want results. I have unusually dry skin that requires prescription cream from my dermatologist. But I want something &#34;non-medical&#34; and not heavy. I am also too lazy to reapply lotion every 4 hours or even twice a day. I wear long pants in summer to hide my legs with flaky crack skin. Instead of vasaline and other similar products, I need to put petrolum jelly as my lotion just to give you an idea. of course that stains all my clothes and it's no fun in the summer time when I'm already sticky from the heat. I heard about the hydrating property of seaweed and came searching for lotion with seaweed at Amazon. I have never heard of this brand but the review of the person who needed to be in the pool everyday caught my attention so I thought I'd give it a try.<br /><br />I'm pleasantly surprised! The lotion is light and absorb quickly and I only put it on once and it actually hydrates my skin for the whole day. Within a few days, my skin stops flaking and the cracks lighten. I'm going to use it for a few weeks and go shopping for shorts and skirts.<br /><br />One other thing I like is that I'm not a big fan of scented lotion since I have sensitive skin and was concerned about it. I would say the scent is very light if there is any, I can't smell it at all. I'm happy to have found this product and will get rid of my medical lotions and petroleum jelly in favor of this lotion.
B00SI3C842|2|It is too oily on my already &#34;dry&#34; skin and doesn't last long before it smudges away.
B00H0M6ZHI|5|The case is super cute and all of the brushes are very soft and work well with my make up, wonderful in every way and the color is very cute.
B001L8ND0E|5|We needed a new blade for our home clippers and this one is perfect. I am very satisfied.
B005WTYEYW|3|The cases that the gems come in are really really small, like two inches across, and the gems inside are pencil point size. Not the right size for the project I was working on but they probably work great for nails so I am 'gifting' them to my daughter who is a nail art fiend. Also it took two and a half weeks to get these because they are coming from china.
B00BM1WL8U|5|I have extremely dark circles under my eyes and this product makes me look fresh and wide awake. It isn't dry so doesn't look caked or cracked. A lot of different shades so was easy to find one that matched my skin tone. Love this concealer!!!
B00RFNQ7HU|3|Made my face breakout.
B0053V5HPO|4|The product is good..but the inside cap came off when I went to use it and the particles went everywhere. I lost half of the contents.
B000QUM5LG|3|Need to package these better, surprised it didn't leak. Maybe put them in a box and not a bag? Just a thought.
B00I32AN4K|3|It was ok but not the miracle cream that everyone claimed, just being a bit more realistic.
B004RE4R90|5|The woman who does my facials uses this line and gave me a small container to try at home. This one product has done more to clear my skin, keep it clear and improve the texture and color of my skin than anything I have ever used. Love it and won't use anything else.
B001DKF08S|5|So far so good I'm surprised at how mositurized this Oil leaves my severely dry skin and hair I'm now a  believer in Emu oil.
B00LZWV100|4|I really like this moisturizer as it comes in a nice jar as well as the cream is thick but it goes on so smoothly and does not leave my hands greasy.  It also absorbs quickly once you rub it into your skin. We have really cold winters and my hands always suffer the most when it is winter time . I used this on my dry cracked hands and it left them feeling great. It also helped so that my hands didn't hurt from the dry cracks and splits on my knuckles as well. There is no smell to it so that is a big plus in my book. I really enjoyed being able to try this product out for my hands that desperately needed it. I did receive this product on discount for my honest and unbiased review and thoughts. Thank you i will recommend this to all my friends young and old .
B003JA3KAK|5|First off this smells amazing!  It leaves my hair feeling so smooth and definitely shiny.  I dye my hair often and I trust Pantene to protect it.  For whatever reason my hair just seems more manageable and soft.  I honestly usually use a cheap shampoo and splurge on my conditioner, luckily Pantene is affordable at $3-$4 a bottle usually.
B001UK1ROW|2|i didn't see any difference, i didn't wear any eye make up during a month because i wanted it to see the difference but i didn't. i followed the instructions but didn't work.
B001MIZMO8|5|I love this body wash. I bought it on a whim and will definitely be purchasing it again.
B00FV9JSA8|5|I love this fragrance. So clean. I get many compliments. The bottle is so pretty. A must have for your vanity.
B00CCNVK8O|1|Not as described-would not recommend. Need to refund.  Item picture does not even match item.  Scam. Do not buy or buy at own risk
B00FQVW3SU|5|I was so excited to find this polish in the gel.  My salon had run out and it was discontinued where they get their stock from.
B003983I1S|3|The razor cartridges were good at providing a close shave, but just like the other reviewer mentioned, they got dull pretty quickly. Normally I change my blades every 3-4 weeks, but I noticed the obvious dulling after just one week. I have very sensitive and dry skin on my cheeks and chin, and the blades didn't irritate it, so that's the good part about it.<br /><br />Disclaimer: The product was provided to me via program run by Gillette.
B00SWEHZNG|5|Love this product. after reading an article in a magazine about using rose water as a toner I decided to give it a try. The smell is fantastic.  Smells like you just walked into the florist.  After comparing similar products from other sellers I found that the 100% Pure & Organic Rose Water Mist was just what I was looking for.
B007IUPZJG|5|GREAT PRODUCT. REALLY DOES ADD EXTRA VOLUME TO HAIR. I HAVE REALLY STRAIGHT FINE HAIR AND NEED EXTRA VOLUME AND THIS REALLY DOES THE JOB. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00MN14MBW|4|Love this glue! It held for about 2 weeks and a few days. I was very impressed! I will be purchasing more of this in the future. And it shipped really fast! Gotta love that
B0052OTNO8|5|What a great idea to combine aroma therapy with heat or cold therapy.  My daughter bought this for me as a gift and while it holds heat well after microwaving, it can also be frozen.  AND it smells heavenly.  I highly recommend this for anyone seeking a simple heating or ice pad for pain relief.  Do note that the \\"grains\\" or material inside will shift and settle to a specific area so may not be suitable for the back if sitting vertically.
B000E7UFM2|5|thanks it so expensive else where<br /><br />walgreens stopped carring it.  they cost way more anyway.  so pleased.  thanks again.<br />Jodi
B0086VIA1G|1|Two brushes arrived and were not as stated, not the correct model, disappointed in the supplier.
B001E6Q652|5|I love this shaving cream because I have Extremely Sensitive Rosacea affected skin and this has been the only shaving cream I can find that doesn't cause razor bumps or irritate my skin in any way.  I have a VERY heavy beard, Shave at 8 a.m. by 10 a.m. I look like I haven't shaved, so I tend to shave three times and on my neck I shave against the grain for a close shave, I could never do that with any other shaving creams or I would get razor bumps and skin irritation but this shaving cream prepares my skin for such a comfortable effortless shave.  I wet my skin with lukewarm to cool water, then apply one pump of this shaving cream and my razor glides effortlessly through my heavy beard.  After shaving, my skin is soft and supple, smooth as a baby's bottom. :\\")  I have probably been using this shaving cream for 10 years now, just this past Christmas of 2014 I was given a Shaving gel for sensitive skin which while that was very thoughtful, after one use I had razor bumps on my neck.  :\\"(  I gave it to a co-worker to give to her husband.  So back to this old tried and true shaving cream.  So if you want a shaving cream that will give you a close shave without razor bumps or irritation, I recommend giving this one a try!
B0002T58Q0|5|good stuff.
B000ELP5KA|5|Works.
B003BMGAFI|3|Kind of flimsy
B007S69QAY|1|I have waist length hair and these barely curled the ends. :( maybe would work better for thin and shorter hair :/
B00ARTKAHW|5|good!
B0074HA2DC|5|best sleep mask EVER!! My whole family is addicted to these. They are soft, really do block out the light, let your face breathe, they do not crush your eyelashes and are still comfortable to open your eyes while wearing.
B008EPY5JK|5|This is the best eyeliner that I've tried on the market. The price is reasonable.  It is long lasting and glides on easily.
B007TNE8RC|5|I am so thrilled to have found this item. Maybelline discontinued this product so it's almost impossible to find. I was definitely online at the right time! I ordered this item on a Sunday and it arrived on Tuesday. It was exactly as described and priced fairly.
B0019M1O94|5|This product was suggested to me by my friend who used to do my hair when I was a little girl.  I did some stupid things playing around this summer with peroxide and then OTC hair colors...turned my dark brown roots orange, but the rest of my hair is light brown or blonde highlights.  She suggested I use this, apply it dark roots only wrap my head w/suran wrap and then blow dry lightly 5 min.  Completely removed all the brassy copper tones! She warned me not to let it touch any blonde hair or it might turn it an ashy gray color, so I was VERY careful.<br />I must have gotten the last one from Amazon last week b/c now I see they are gone and the product has been discontinued. What a shame! It smells FABULOUS!
B00I3VHKVK|5|love it soft bristles
B00A6H2DD4|5|Makes getting ingrown hairs and popping pimples easy. Nice product.
B00JXC6HJY|3|Difficult to use
B00ACOE03W|4|very good
B001XW8FSI|4|This product does not completely straighten my hair but it is an excellent anti frizz process.  If your hair is thick and coarse, this product will leave it smooth and manageable.  just make sure you follow the enclosed instructions.  It your hair is color treated, it will fade your color slightly so I suggest doing this process approximately a week before you get another color treatment.
B00112HQWG|5|2 coats, solid shiny black. I was a goth girl in highschool, this is the best black polish I can find. Drug stores sell it cheaper :)
B00L2SWF7K|3|An &#34;OK&#34; moisturizer.  I found it to be drying but that was expected.  I wont purchase it again, I need something less drying.  I think will work for you if you don't have sensitive skin or dry skin.  My skin is a combination, I have certain areas more prone to being dry like my forehead and eyebrows, while my nose and especially my chin area tend to be more oily, so it isn't the products fault really its my skin, and this stuff just didn't work for me, but it might work for you!  I didn't request a refund or anything bc I gave it longer than the money back period, but if you buy it and don't like it you can get your money back within 30 days! That is a GREAT policy!
B005XOWX8A|5|Fantastic results!  This is a time consuming process, but in the end it's so worth it.  It took me a long time to do this on my own but it now takes me 1/2 the time to dry my hair and it is pretty much frizz free.
B00893JLSW|5|I ordered this product with a mix of optimism n reservations. After trying it I was really delighted to find out that it actually holds well for d entire day and a little goes a long way (I have medium short hair). The fact that it works without the use of harmful chemicals makes it worth every dollar spent :-)
B008SQSBJK|5|I love having these to put in my purse. Works great for chapped or dry lips and the addition of SPF makes it even better
B00NR1YQK4|5|This is a great moisturizer. Leaves my skin smooth and feeling fresh. Not heavy or oily.
B00HD4F8DK|5|Very fun designs!
B00CPL762M|5|My husband uses Vigtalis and it seemed he was adding it to the grocery list more and more frequent. It was really nice to be able to order a &#34;supply&#34; of it to keep on hand. Thanks.
B005FSR9OW|1|I searched several websites to find the most natural and effective sunscreen for my children.  I was aware of the harmful ingredients in some of the more popular brands on the market and wanted something safe to use on my children.  I used this on a 4 year old and 1 year old.  My 4 year old burns easily so we apply sunscreen every 45 minutes to an hour.  My one year old does not burn but we reapply anyway.  Both of my children burned with this sunscreen.  Very ineffective protection and highly disappointed. Although Coppertone dries their skin out and they suffer from eczema, they don't burn with Coppertone sunscreen.
B00KD73PBQ|4|My daughter and I love using this for days after flat ironing our hair. It didn't leave either of our hair greasy.  Overall, a very nice and easy to use product.
B0017SBZYE|5|Red has been and will be around for a long time because of it's classic scent! The price is reasonable and the smell is fantastic!
B003WR3QSG|4|The main reason I gave this 4 stars is the price. Although there are some minor flaws, it's really well priced for what you get. The bristles hold up very well and don't seem to be coming off any time soon. The brush also holds a lot of water as expected. The only thing I wish they would have done is made the bristles just a tiny bit longer. I use a ceramic shave bowl and the rim tends to knock against the edge of the brush every now and then. I know I'm being a little nit-picky but it does get a little annoying sometimes.
B00832TG5W|5|Love this product! Help shape and define my curls with one easy step! Just work it through from roots to ends, scrunch, and diffuse! Smells great too.
B00005JS5C|5|good design, simple and work very well. It use normal battery, but I like the design, because I can buy the rechargeable one easily.<br />My wife like it very much. And,,, it is cheap.
B003JCRAVS|5|amazing product that Redken discontinued. Provides protein to your hair while also a heat protector. Can't live without this product!
B00455WUYA|1|Not very useful in daylight outdoors, too much glare.
B004FEKA3E|5|I couldn't pass up a deal this good. great price. smells good, and it really does work, great bronzing tanning lotion.
B002E5376I|1|doesn't work at all
B00H8V6J2C|5|This brush is amazing and replaced my other foundation brushes! It's very dense and weighted, no shedding of the brush hairs. My makeup looks so smooth now and it only takes 10 seconds to put on foundation! It used to take me 5 minutes with my old foundation brush. Very high quality!
B002CMLH9W|5|A year ago, or so, I was at my mother in law's home and used a product like this in the shower.  I liked what it did for my hair - no separate shampoo and conditioner.  But, later, I had a hard time finding this.  So, upon research, I found that they had changed the name. I don't know if they actually changed the product.  But, I ordered this and so far have been pleased with the results.  There are many such products on the market so when you find something you like, you might want to stay with it.
B0009MFUPO|4|Very pleased with availability/delivery/quality .  Packaging seemed a little excessive for the small size of the product.
B009NNDIRM|5|I love tattoos, i have got a few tattoos but staying under the needle for longer then an hour hurts, so i had to get something to deal with the pain, i ran across this so i decided to try it out, I followed the simple instructions waited for 60 minutes and got my tattoos didnt feel any pain really works :) will buy more soon
B00518N2JC|5|GORGEOUS color!!  I love this blush!
B001LNG4YG|1|I bought this cologne with the expectation that it was made with bits of real panther. To my bewilderment there were no bits of panther! I am highly disappointed with this product.
B005WK9J8M|2|Great idea, but poor execution. The clip does not stay clipped on the belt loop securely. It slips off probably 4x per day which is highly annoying. And it isn't like I'm a huge person stretching it beyond it's capacity--I'm 5'4&#34; and 115 lbs.
B000CNKC62|4|I bought for my friend he loves it and it is suave on him and really enjoy the smell. very good
B001F1VR00|5|Gave as a Christmas stocking stuffer.  Great gift for a twizzler lover in any season.
B00TKZBCIA|5|Great and pretty for essential oils.  Fits in my purse and I love giving them as gifts!
B00ZZ0VJL4|5|The product was very helpful. So far so good. I was completely satisfied with the product.
B008J5N74Y|4|Item arrived a few days later than expected, but that's not an issue. Veil was properly represented in the photos and online description. The quality seems just slightly on the cheap side; however, at only $16 it's a good value for the price... I only got it as &#34;test veil&#34; anyway and I may use it under a nicer veil to add volume, or it would make a great bachelorette party prop.
B009L2HOE8|5|I've used this product before and I liked it but never could find it in the stores anymore.
B006R6OBTM|5|great quality and there are soooo many in this package which is great because I lose them constantly/leave them everywhere!
B000KFQWIE|5|Great lotion. I have very sensitive skin and this caused no irritation at all. Inexpensive as far as indoor tanning lotions go, which is a huge plus.
B004LO2AQS|1|you receive small piece and short hair . its look like ,.... i dont know what to say but please dont buy it
B003OSHWEM|5|I got the shipment in time. I did not use it initially but i thought to give it a try. I have just started using it and as of now the results are excellent. If it remain same after a longer use, i will definitely buy the product and from SacMan. Why because i had one issue with the shipment, i contacted the seller and the seller resolved it right in second mail. I must appreciate the seller.
B00VNXQE94|5|Best serum ever!!!!  You only need a small amount to cover your face and neck.  There is no greasy residue and it blends nicely.  The smell is good, too.  I love this product!!!!
B00346U886|5|I'm no professional, but I would say these don't seem to be 16 gauge. I used them to re-pierce my nostril, and the needle was the exact size as the 18g ring I put in. Needless to say, be prepared if you plan on piercing any flesh with these as your ring might not fit in the end to glide through.<br /><br />Otherwise they were VERY sharp, and sterile.
B006GQYSGO|5|I got this for my husband for Christmas and ordered it early December.  He charged it December 28th overnight and it shaved very well and he loved it.  It lasted about a week and he charged it again and it lasted a couple of days and this has been the case in January.  He plugged it in February 1st and it was dead.  He charged it again and same thing.  The 45 day warranty is no good even though he only has had it for 39 days because he got it Christmas day.  I contacted Amazon Customer Service and they are sending out a new shaver and I'm returning the one that won't work.<br /><br />I hope the new one will last much longer as my husband did like the shaver when it worked.  WORKS VERY WELL.
B0046VGPHQ|5|I'm a big fan of this stuff. I think my favorite feature is that there's bronzer in it, which means that you can see it as it goes on, so you know if it's even. It gives you a nice, non-orange glow, and the mitt makes it so that you don't have orange palms. Great alternative to skin cancer, for sure! I'll probably buy this again.
B0013FAF3I|5|This stuff is what miracles are made of. I've been using this consistently on my nails and they have never looked better! Due to my nails being thin, chipping and breaking I've never been able to grow them out until now. It's not a quick fix. It's a nail corrector for new growth. Be patient during use and you will be pleased with the end results.
B000L978FU|5|Only deodorant I've used since early 80's. Last a long time, no irritation, no staining, no fumes, no chemicals and IT WORKS!!! I will never go back to sprays or roll on deodorants/ antiperspirant with chemicals. They don't work anyway.
B000E8PG98|5|This is a back up for the one just like it, only a different color. Lots of power.
B005Y6F4WO|5|so much cheaper than going to the salon. love the different sizes. they are made of good quality and come in a handy case
B0018A32XS|3|I only use it for underarm. It's ok, but took much longer time to clear up than my former phillip one (around same price).
B0055UUT74|5|I am so glad that I found this product here. I sed to buy it on chinatown nyc. Makes a difference when you massage your face, is great for circulation plus the material is very flexible and soft. I will buy it again.
B001BJHCVO|4|I find myself doubting the necessity of the \\"flex 360\\" head, as my wrist is perfectly capable of mimicking its movements, but overall, it actually is slightly easier to do routine emptying of clippings, over my previous remington shaver, by popping open the, now hinged, cutter head assembly and dumping it out; and I have not had other people's problems with it coming apart on me.
B008ERBM26|5|I am a Hashimoto's gal - and a little of this really helps.  It's not a miracle, but I will take even a little help!  Sad that it isn't the most natural / organic thing - but it's a give and take....more juicing for me!
B00GTAH1RA|3|Arrived Fast.  Quality of powdered not quite what I expected, kinda flour like.
B0081HW962|5|I love this product and I've used it for five years now. I'm ordering it again because it stays put all night long.
B00AO4E9E0|1|I tried this shampoo for two weeks. I wash my hair about three times a week. In that short amount of time, I lost ALOT of hair. I have thick, wavy and used to have TONS of hair. After using this product, I noticed a huge difference in the amount of hair I was losing daily. It is now very dry, brittle and my scalp started to itch. I was using Loreal sulfate free smoothing shampoo and conditioner before this. I wanted to try something different as I flat iron my hair quite frequently. Boy do I regret it! All I can say is BEWARE. It does smoothe your hair by thinning it out! Pay close attention to the amount of hair you are losing in the shower and throughout the day! It DOES matter!
B00BPMYBQQ|2|This did nothing for my skin. It was just ok.
B00GWF4AS0|5|I will never go back to my regular toner again.  Not only is this product 100% organic but it is so gentle on my skin and its a lot cheaper than my regular toner, therefore I'll be buying this product again and recommending to all my friend!  Thanks Poppy Austin!
B000F41ZEG|5|Who wouldn't live this product. Isn't sticky and hold great.
B0007LM2P8|5|I bought a tiny bottle of this at a local store and was so suprised that it really works so got on line to get a larger bottle. I use it once a day and no more cracked, horrible looking heels. I highly recommend to anyone who is bothered by dry, cracked heels.
B0046DC59Q|5|Great color and pharmapacks shipped it in a timely manor
B00005B9FV|5|This has been one of the only products with an SPF that has not irritated my eyes or skin. Usually I wind up having to wash off my face a few hours after putting on a cream with SPF. This lotion is gentle and moisturizing--and I get sun protection too! It doesn't make your skin overly oily like some sun protection creams do. I love it.
B00MTGM8A8|2|It was not for me, the color was not right, so I returned it.  Wigs being right for you depend so much on the color you need.  It's difficult to find the right one.
B001ET6ZKA|5|Girls loved it
B008TNPX52|2|Not impressed. Good price for the quality but none of them fit very good. I had to file them to make them work. Would've rather spent more. Money & got better fitting tips.
B004L5U8E8|5|Love this product! Leaves my fine hair fuller and super soft! Ingredients are all healthy, with no alcohols, parabens, or harmful chemicals. Perfectly acceptable for the health and environmentally conscious person.
B00HXNFEKI|1|The first time I purchased this swiss apple serum, it was perfect. The serum was clear and not yellow from oxydation.  Effects were amazing.  And so I purchased two more bottles this past week.  I was very disappointed to find that the fluid in both bottles was quite yellow and the expiration date on both was almost a year ago (July 2014).  I returned both bottles for a fast refund by Amazon.  I will not buy again from this vendor. I am hoping that another vendor sells this through Amazon.
B000PBQZNU|4|This is a great curling iron for the price.  I have very thick coarse hair and most curling irons won't make my hair curl but this one works better than any I have ever tried. The ceramic barrel doesn't allow your hair to slide through which is great and much easier to get consistent curls. I still have to use a decent amount of hair spray to keep the curls but they stay pretty well. My only complaint is I wish the barrel itself was longer, but I highly recommend this product!
B000052Y6H|5|Great product.
B0007D22TW|2|Reviewed coco-mango lotion & dislike the butter version for same reason - scent.  Too strong for me.  Not overpowering. Just that I am one who only likes very, very light, subtle scents on myself.  If you like the scent of the lotion, this butter would be great.  It makes skin feel so nice & soft, is thick but absorbs nicely.
B00SQ3S6TA|5|Great product. I noticed a difference within days.
B0088H1XWG|3|NOT AS GOOD AS OTHER PRODUCTS!
B00QR7T8WQ|5|Product arrived on time and as described. I have only used it a few times but so far product seems to be great quality.
B00R1TAN7I|5|Recently, I remembered that my grandmother always swore by natural boar bristle brushes. She had amazing hair her whole life. This brush is of excellent quality. The bristles are not too hard and not too soft. I noticed an immediate improvement in the shine of my hair and my scalp feels really great after brushing. I'm hoping this will also help with my thinning hair issues. I will report back if I see an improvement over time. Meanwhile, I am very pleased with this brush regardless as to whether or not it can help with the thinning issues.
B00066D4M4|5|UPDATE (10/2014):<br />THE 4B HAIR IS STILL BOUNCY & SOFT! I have not changed my leave-in conditioner in 3 years because this one still does the job incredibly well. I've added Giovanni's Smooth As Silk Deep Moisture Conditioner to the regimen and made other adjustments to increase effectiveness:<br /><br />- Slather hair with extra-virgin coconut oil (cold expeller-pressed) and let it soak in while you handle other business (i.e. a quick & dirty pre-poo)<br />- Wash scalp with Shea Naturals Thickening Shampoo (or whatever brand/formulation applies to you) or not (meaning, go straight to deep conditioning). Rinse with cool water, but at the end switch to warm/very warm water.<br />- Use Giovanni's Deep Conditioner. Let soak in under plastic cap under a low-heat dryer (or not) for half hour to an hour.<br />- Rinse out completely with cool water, make that quick switch to warm/very warm water, don't shake or wring dry and add the Giovanni Leave-In Conditioner. Let the water and product absorb into hair for 15-20 minutes or longer.<br />- Slather hair again with extra-virgin coconut oil, paying special attention to ends. This step seals in the moisture.<br />- Then, use whatever holding/styling products (in my case, large section-by-section Jane Carter Wrap & Roll Foam or Giovanni Air Turbo Mousse and Andalou Naturals Medium Hold Sunflower Gel). I still use Kiss My Face Upper Management Gel [Medium hold] sometimes, particularly for slickbacks. Don't forget to trim those ends with BARBER scissors!<br /><br />NOTE: I usually do some type of wet set, not a wash n' go. I think the procedure still applies though to a wash n' go.<br />_____________________________________________________________________________________________<br />(Same review for the 3-bottle package of these... I really meant to post the review here.)<br /><br />I have medium-long 4B hair (fine, z curly). I was looking for a leave-in that would detangle, but with mostly natural ingredients. Thanks to a previous, similar reviewer, I purchased this leave-in at a SuperTarget.<br /><br />Bottom line: It did what other conditioning products did not.<br /><br />I smooth on 2 quarter size (or less) dollops of this in my freshly washed (and sometimes conditioned) hair. I wait 10 minutes. Then, I can put a sturdy wide tooth comb through my hair with minimal resistance. The hair loss is dramatically less. I can do a wet set of my hair more quickly (in combo with a Kiss My Face Upper Management Gel [Medium hold] and Jane Carter Wrap & Roll Foam over it). Also, my hair looks and feels incredibly soft as well as healthy when the style is dried. There's no residue, and most importantly, my curls aren't weighed down. It's bouncy time!<br /><br />I've been using this product for over a year. I don't anticipate switching to anything else anytime soon.
B004CT3PFM|5|Loved the way this makes my hair feel and it smells great too.
B00EDN7P3U|4|I got your 3  products a week ago and I am very impressed !!! you can notice  the difference in a few days. I love the glow in my skin too
B00SVU0B0K|1|I hated it because I opened the bottle and it would not come out, and so I unscrewed it and found that I would be able to fill it with another one of my creams.  It is a good product, but for the price I feel like it is a scam.  I think the liquid was diluted to make more but by making it thinner, so Iby it being so thin it would not squirt out like a thick cream.  But by making the cream thicker it came out of the bottle a lot better.  but for 69.99 it is a rip off.  I dont know this 800 number and where you got the bottles with the label. but last week I paid 99.99 for it, but what I was not told that I would have to call iit so it would not be sent to me every month. I called the 800 number and they told me that if I did nt like the product I would have to send it back otherwise I would be billled every month 99.99 . Then when I saw your cream I said to myself, that is the stuff that is being charged every month, and when I saw yours for 69.99. i said that is a great price and then when it came I could not get it to come out because of the thinness.  I think that I could get any liquid cream and put it in the bottle. But by adding a thicker cream it comes out like it suppose to. So everyone should try unscrewing it and adding thicker cream or charge a lesser amount.. What gave you away was it was not pressed on by a machine but by being able to screw and unscrew the bottle. I wish I know what product it really is,, as it is a great cream.
B00570AVSY|5|Loved it
B00DGDKD82|5|Fantastic for eyelash growth. Be careful with getting too much near your eyes because it really irritated them the first time I used it. You really only need a dime size for both eyes. Seriously. It's pretty thick.
B00JY9CSWG|5|Item as described. Good experience
B001E767W8|1|I felt so strongly about this product Im remarking after having just dried off my face.(Siigh) Overall, thoroughly dissapointed. It does have the whole microbead/exfoliant scrub, but beyond this it is a genuinely horrible product. I dont typically test the operation of the sensory nerves in my eyes when washing my face but this product seems to have this added bonus. I have never, felt a pain so excruciating in my eyes when using a product around them. ...looking at the label, yes it has acid (salicylic , Glycolic) but this isnt the first product to use it... and so small a strength at that. Originally I thought it was the sting of a microbead or suds that slipped in my eye-- it wasnt(not a fan of screaming text --so pretend I did for that last part). What was the scarriest thing for me was even after a single rinse off, I had to repeatedly douche by eyesockets because the wash had this lingering sting, as if it were say \\"gotcha, Im still here!\\"- couldnt open my eyes untill after the 3rd or so rinse.    Maybe I had a \\"bad batch\\" (extremely unlikely as that is, in what Im sure is an assembly line of production) either way I would not advise you to take this risk...     I usually have no prob. with this brand, but this product is not a good look for Neutrogena or anyone who wishes to maintain effective eyesight.      This product would however be good for the following...  -Truth or Dare; the dare being, \\"I dare you to wash your face with this\\"  -killing weeds  -achieving justification for needing glasses  -nail polish remover  -a devlish addition to your siblings shampoo  - homemade MACE; just squirt into a  miniature spray bottle add water and your set!        The End.
B004OFJHD8|5|This was great, didn't burn or irritate me. Came out great, will buy more often from dollar tree.
B00BPD8R38|3|This product was not what I expected as I did not clearly understand its description. However it was packaged well and arrived on time. I am certain it will meet the needs of others.
B0073SBEPC|2|I am trying to grow my fine straight hair very long.I try to always take very good care of it. Regularly, I sit and spot trim each one I see. So I have a pretty good idea of before and after results with this product.I bought it hoping it would save me time. Trimming split ends one by one can be a loathsome process!<br /><br />The week before I got this shampoo and conditioner I could grab handfuls of hair and look at it up and down and see one or maybe two split ends if I really looked. Now, one week after using it,I see maybe a dozen in each handful.<br /><br />To be fair, I must say I have also changed one other thing in my hair care process. I do not know if that is the reason for the split ends or not. But, I had been regularly putting organic sesame oil on my hair every Friday night before bed, then washing it out on Saturday morning. After doing that, my hair was amazingly healthy. I stopped doing that and bought this shampoo and conditioner thinking it would be cheaper and easier. But, now, think I may toss it out and just go back to using sesame oil once a week.
B002KP1WIW|4|Bought for my mother and myself for Christmas.  Great smell.  Not sweet and flowery.  Deep, rich scent.  A small amount goes a long way.
B002Y26RUE|5|This sunblock lotion is first-rate! It goes on easily; I just gently squeeze the bottle so that some goes into the palm of my hand and I spread it on my arms, legs, face, neck (and even a bit on the top of my head where I'm balding!) when I'm walking around to avoid a bad sunburn. This stuff is also great for sunbathing at the pool; I really appreciate that it remains water resistant! They say it remains water resistant for up to 80 minutes, but to be on the safe side I apply a little extra after forty-five minutes or so.<br /><br />I agree with other reviewers who write that this sunscreen is not at all oily; that's really wonderful because most of them are. I also like getting SPF 50 so I feel safe from the sun. I simply don't get sunburns when I use this very good sunscreen lotion!<br /><br />It does have a mild scent; if you are allergic to scents you may want to look for another strong sun ray blocker that is hypoallergenic.<br /><br />I should also add that this sunscreen doesn't stain my clothing. It never stains my swim trunks, either.<br /><br />Overall, this is excellent sunblock lotion and I highly recommend it.
B000KPO99I|5|Item as described. Good experience
B00000J9DU|4|I have been using this product for a couple of weeks and am very satisfied with it.  The pressure that it produces is more than enough to clean my teeth.  The water resevoir is a little small, but I just use a glass to fill it adding some mouthwash and then have a second glassful of water that I pour in when the unit empties the first time.  If you have trouble getting the water started, just suck on the tip of the irrigator head and the flow will begin.
B001A3HPT0|2|cheap brush cheap soap. unhappy with the quality. soap was not smooth as the normal ones that i use. the brush is now a travel brush as i won't care if i leave it in the hotel by mistake
B00PJRQOTK|4|Has a nice scent and left my skin looking like it had less lines!! Very happy with product!
B0052JN7XG|5|Great design, using the glass to hold the toothbrush and charge it is cool and functional.  The toothbrush also does a great job of cleaning your teeth and massaging gums.  Highly recommended.
B000FKHWCY|5|About eight years ago, I had plastic surgery on my face and nose.  I assume, because of the swelling, my face became very sensitive.  Even a breeze from a fan would cause my skin to turn red.  Every moisturizer I tried to use irritated it.  My plastic surgeon recommended that I use Purpose because it was so gentle.  I have been using it ever since and love it.  I had always had extremely dry skin and the skin on my forehead and eyebrows would flake off but I hated clogging my skin pores with greasy moisturizers.  Since I started using Purpose, I no longer have that problem. I absolutely love it. Sometimes it is hard to find in the stores which is why I am looking for an internet source for it.
B00AINMFAC|5|Helps manage the dandruff and leaves hair silky smooth. Nice!
B00KYN8OA6|5|Realy good
B00HETXS1I|5|I really like this hair towel! It wicks the water out of my hair so well!
B003WR3QSG|4|The hairs seem to fall out in the shaving soap, not at an excessive rate, but still...!!<br />It's so soft, and feels really nice on the skin! Cleans easy enough.
B001BHGB8Q|2|Doesn't work well
B00742JW8S|1|I am mostly disappointed by it lasting only a month and a half before just not turning on at all. It worked well, especially for it's price, but I think $40 is way too much for something that won't last. I will just spend more next time.
B000O2OEPG|1|Bottle didn't have a straw to pull fluid through so I have a full bottle and can't get it to spray. Worthless
B003YJAZZ4|5|My 6-years-old Phillip  shaver was dead, so I had to buy a new one. After research, I selected Braun 790cc.  Maybe my old one is obsolete, and I was so impressed by the result. The automatic cleaning system is amazing as well. I usually clean it after 3 or 4 times shaving.  I don't have any experience of using other latest shavers, such as Phillip and Panasonic, but I am very satisfied with this one. I would like to recommend it to others.
B002H5G1OK|3|It works but I like mascara that goes on really thick and thus just doesn't do that
B001T8QJM0|2|I purchased these for myself and my twins' and each time,I've been required to cut them out of our hair because the hair gets caught and I'm very particular about my hair so this isn't good. Some of my hair has been broken due to wearing these elastics.
B00HMEBRKO|5|the more blades the more you pay. you don't need all the blades in the expensive razors. my husband and I both use this (each have our own). he uses it for his face face and head. I use it everywhere (ladies everywhere) with no razor burn.
B0029BQVEC|1|The lotion that I ordered arrived quickly thanks to the seller.  I was very excited as it is hard to come by but disappointed after  opening the items as they had an old almost musty smell.  I contact the seller who after a few days gave me the return information.  Sent it back and waiting to hear conformation of the return for   the defected items.    Hopeful everything will work out.
B000C1W3JS|5|OMG! SMELLS SO GOOD! GREAT BUY! GOOD SIZE!
B002VA4LMU|4|Although it has a slightly bad smell to it, after using for several weeks, the product definitely helped with dark spots.
B002RT7BG8|5|Does the job just fine, easy to put on, and they look nice!
B004EAWKO6|5|Such a light and greaseless moisturizer the absorbs right away and makes your face feel great!
B0019MSDIO|5|This seems like a light oil in your hands, but it is NOT.<br />I put a dime size drop in my hands and rubbed the oil on my hair AFTER shampooing.<br />I was appalled when I realized, camellia oil does NOT work like Morroccan Oil. This stuff stuck to my hair like GLUE. My hair was so slick, I had to wear my hair in a pontytail for 2 days. However, 2 days later, when I washed my hair again, my hair was gorgeous.<br />So ... I would recommend using this product as a PRE-shampoo treatment.<br />I gave it 5 stars because my hair DID look awesome ... AFTER shampooing.
B000NB5BHS|5|I've been using this product for over 30 years and it has always worked better than any other product for soothing a sore throat or sinus congestion.  Many products seem to help, but actually create more problems.  Glyco Thymoline is free of irritants that make that happen.  I would recommend this to anyone frustrated with other mouth washes..
B002QFGQAK|1|This is the first review I ever write and I totally hated this contour pallet it was NOT CREAMY AT ALL. It was more like stiff and sticky. Very hard to work with and hard to get on your brush.
B00JJHZJFQ|5|I never write reviews but after seeing all the negative ones here I felt I should.  I used this last week and was very happy with it!  I prefer to go to the salon to get my hair done but was needing to save money so thought I would try another home product.  I believe the color I used was True Dark Brown.  The application was easy and much less messy than many other hair dyes I have used.  You do have to shake the bottle in between squirts but if you do so you can see that it comes out evenly.  I was very careful to thoroughly cover all my hair and I left it on for 30 minutes.  My hair came out a better, shinier version of my natural hair color which is what I was looking for.  I've gotten a number of compliments on it.  All in all I found this to be one of the best at home hair coloring products I have tried.
B00GP61N7W|5|It was a pleasant surprise to find pink back on the selling market, I know it is suppose to be the original, I just don't think it has the power of the Pink in the slender bottle, It's still a great scent just don't think it's original.
B0000ZLEH8|1|This, this rasta is so disgusting to me. It smells to strong regardless if I add non scented lotion or not. I wouldnt even rate it a star if I could. Not only that I order amber patchouly as well and they smell exactly the same to me. Which you put two and two together you will know what I will and would rate that as well. Well that's all. Lionness out :)
B00480KPD0|5|I've owned many straighteners in my lifetime and this is by far the BEST. It takes half the time to do my hair than it used to. Its amazing, and the best purchase I've ever made. These things are usually around $150 so I got a great deal, too! It leaves my hair super soft after, not dried out and brittle. Very happy and highly recommended.
B00K5YFI5I|5|This cream is so good, it does not stain, and stays on longer than any other I have tried. and does not wash off easily.  I really like it .
B003B2M3PY|5|I have been through SO MANY different brands of color and different shades over the years. I found a red like this years ago by clarol and they quit making it. I read a lot about this color and seen how it turned out on people and I tried it myself. I LOVE IT! They better not ever quit making this color! It's so gorgeous and the color lasts! I color it about every 6 weeks. On me, indoors it's a deeper red and almost looks more brown, then it looks like a nice deep red, then outside it's whoa red in the sun. I get so many compliments on the color. Even my hair stylist couldn't believe it came from a box. Also, this doesn't damage my hair. Usually my hair gets very dry and split ends etc. None of that with this color. Though, I am a fan of Garnier color anyway. Doesn't seem as harsh as others. I have med/light brown hair naturally and my color looks just like on this box. I am tan with blue eyes and it really goes with my skin tone and brings out my eyes. I highly, highly recommend this color if you want to go red. It's not Arial mermaid red, haha, but it's a very pretty darker bright red.
B00733J29C|5|great product
B001KYVY5K|4|They are convenient, and the ingredients are natural. What more could you ask for?
B002J6YCBQ|5|This stuff is fantastic, smooth kid hair, smells great!
B003FBI9LS|4|First reaction, &#34;Why does it feel so cheap?&#34; Made in China should take care of that. I would advise you not to use it every day, it will kill your hair. This is very easy to use, volumizes like crazy. The results are nice. This works nicely with long hair. I have medium, past shoulder length hair and it makes my hair unexpectedly short after finishing my entire head.
B0037Z61Y4|2|The Body Shop LOVE ETC... Body Wash, 6.75-Fluid Ounce ; For the price you can get a better body wash at your local drug store<br />that's so much better for your skin.
B001ABLKK2|5|This product is fantastic.
B001LZQNRC|5|It is a very good product, nothing else i gave tried has worked as well,
B003TYCI9U|5|These are the best nail files ever!
B0049LUI9O|5|Very nice product
B005P0UQS6|5|I used this salt as an ingredient in homemade remineralizing toothpaste. My teeth always feel so smooth and clean after I brush! Product arrived on time and in good condition. Thank you!! :)
B000GFZWDO|5|I was horrified to learn that this product has been discontinued.  I have used it for many years, and it is the only conditioner that gives my hair body and reduces the appearance of split ends, without being too heavy.  I hope that you still have a large stash of it, as I will come back for more.
B0009ZGK5K|5|Great performance overall.  I have never had an electric razor before, and it was not difficult to adjust to this one.  During the three months that I have used it, I have been very satisfied.
B0058L24O6|5|Ok so these are the best eyelashes on the market! I purchased these over a year ago and I am still using the same box! I wear fake eyelashes almost 7 days a week and I can honestly re-use one pair over ten times as long as you be careful when taking them off or peeling off old glue! The more you use one pair the easier they are to re-apply because they mold to your eye. I can now put my lashes on in less then 5 minutes. And if you've ever used false eye lashes before you know that is EXTREMELY fast. TIP: The best glue out there is Lash Grip Eyelash Adhesive. Purchase the CLEAR, it applies white but always dries clear. You don't need a lot of glue btw and always focus on the inner corner first (keep a q-tip handy for eye watering) because once water touches the glue your screwed. When finished apply mascara to blend your real eyelshes with the false lashes. Oh And before putting on fake eyelashes always apply black eyeliner that way they appear much more realistic. One other great perk is you have such a wide variety of lashes to choose from, so you can have a natural everyday look or a very dramatic look for a night on the town.  Hope this review helps some of you :)
B00EZ8PR1U|4|I've been a dedicated Sonicare user for 15 years. I am also a minimalist. This means I'm not impressed by bells and whistles, but by whether a product does what it says it will do. I have periodontal disease and get a cleaning twice a year by my dentist to control it. I've taken drugs to control the gum recession. I don't care how fancy a product is, I just want to know one thing: will using this toothbrush prevent my gum recession from getting worse?<br /><br />Yes, but I have some caveats about this product.<br /><br />PROS:<br />This product comes with three brush heads. Great! This way I can choose which brush is best for me. The instructions claim that one brush is geared toward \\"flossing\\", but I'd rather use the \\"sensitive\\" brush for all my brushing needs. I rejected a previous Oral B model because it came with a single, harsh brush head that hurt my teeth and gums. What a relief it was to see that this model came with extra heads.<br /><br />Unlike Sonicare's rectangular brush head, Oral B's brushes are round. I like how the smaller size allows me to maneuver it into tighter spaces in my mouth. It seems easier to manipulate for targeting sensitive areas.<br /><br />Smartguide. In a previous review, I complained that the Smartguide was a gimmicky device that just takes up space on my shelf. I'm still not crazy about it but I have to admit it does help me from overbrushing. My big issue with it is that, because everyone's mouth is a different size, I may or may not need to brush as long as the timer tells me I should.<br /><br />Interior of the travel/storage case can be removed and then cleaned, whether by hand or in a dishwasher. This keeps things hygienic.<br /><br />CONS:<br />Too loud. I don't like how loud the Oral B is, no matter what mode you use. I much prefer Sonicare's quiet, discreet humming. I associate loud drilling noises with difficult tasks, and I don't like being reminded of putting furniture together when I brush my teeth.<br /><br />The blue light is too bright when charging. I forgot to close my bedroom door while the brush was charging in the bathroom, and the blue light kept flashing in my eyes like a police car. I ended up having to cover up the toothbrush with a shirt.<br /><br />The black case is well made but heavy for travel. Sonicare offers the best one, a cloth case you can wash. When I'm traveling, lightness is what I'm looking for, not a James Bond-like case that impresses people.<br /><br />The handle feels thick and awkward in my hand. It's thinner at the top and widens toward the base, unlike the Sonicare handle, which is more or less uniform. Along with the loudness of the product, it gives me the impression that the Oral B is made for some heavyset guy, while the more demure Sonicare is for the ladies. Sorry, Oral B.<br /><br />Oral B brushes lack a plastic protective cover, which forces you to store them in the storage tray (made for 3 brush heads). This is annoying because the tray is one more piece of clutter I don't need in my bathroom. I wish Oral B would provide plastic caps for all their brush heads. I store my Sonicare in the medicine cabinet, brush head attached, because it has a plastic cap. If Oral B would just do the same thing, there would be no need for a separate tray with a cover to keep the dust off the brush heads.<br /><br />As mentioned above, I like the SmartGuide but I don't like having to attach yet another object to my cluttered bathroom wall. Sonicare has the different modes listed on the handle itself, while with Oral B you are cleaning blindly unless you look at the SmartGuide on the wall.<br /><br />Also, the Smartguide requires 2 AAA batteries. This is annoying because it becomes yet another device you have to support.<br /><br />Based on the cleaning action alone, I would say this Oral B does its job as well as my current Sonicare. Is it better? It's hard to say because I just started using it. However, I will keep my Sonicare as a backup because it is more space-saving and doesn't come with annoying extras, as listed above.e space-saving and doesn't come with annoying extras, as listed above.
B00ENJYRI0|5|This thing is expensive, but if you flat iron your hair more than a few times a year, you'll love it.  She loves the ability to set the controls, and the auto shut off is a must.  She has owned multiple flat irons, from Chis to Crocs, and she love this one the best.
B000KB956E|5|I use this on my nieces' unmanageable hair as a detangler after baths.  Works great, plus softens their hair.  They have fine blonde hair that tangles if you look at it.
B003ECXIB4|1|Mary Kay products are excellent however Mary Kay does not allow wholesale sales such as this - It is against the legal agreement with Mary Kay - This seller is acting in illegal process
B00H93NJLS|5|Argan Oil has so many great uses, its great to have pure oil in such a large quantity. I used it on my stretch marks while pregnant and it helped minimize the appearance of them! It was perfect for my stretching belly :)
B003S516XO|5|I love this straightener. If you buy it, make sure you have good straightening spray. I use it on the lowest heat setting & it fails to disappoint.
B009JEPJUE|2|I really hoped this would work because I have been concerned about the mercury used in most stick deodorant.  Unfortunately, it doesn't  really control odor or at least not enough for my needs.
B003K58UEA|5|I believe this product works as advertised.  It is a good value because only a few drops are needed (about 4) for every application.  I buy the 3.4 oz size when I can because it's a huge savings over the 1.7 oz size.
B00FOGWRNI|5|Beautiful  color! Long lasting
B000OQRIMI|5|The best, make feet feel smooth and silky!
B002QIAETG|5|I have light to medium beige skin tone. I don't use this as a blush. I love this as a natural contour under the cheek bone and on my eyes in the crease. It blends and stays on great. I will be repurchasing.
B003POFQ7K|2|Got my palette today, was initially really excited for it but when I opened the kit, the were minor cracks on 3 colors :(   It has a good selection of shimmer and matt colors, however I'm disappointed that some colors are just not very pigmented, but some other colors are very pigmented...since there are 120 colors it's  hit and miss! Very fast delivery, i ordered it on tues and received it 2 days later. Yet i still hope they would have handle the package better.
B011228XDU|4|The hair is not blonde at all!! I spent way nor than I wanted to for the natural color almost 60 dollars more but the quality is wonderful and the one length is 18 not 16 but it got here with DHL within a week from china and that is fantastic way better than any other delivery service
B00E3AZPHQ|5|Great product!!!!!
B00Q78LZXA|4|works perfectly
B00032ORCC|5|Good product.  Received within three days of ordering product.
B000068PBS|5|When I got these replacements, I took out my old blades, & found out they were encrusted & jammed with hair.  I thought that the under faucet rinse feature was taking care of that.  So, I just cleaned up the old set, & am using them.  I now have a spare set.
B000N2JIX0|5|product as described. ty
B00A3C3N5O|4|It is a great product. And it works perfectly. The only problem I had was that it said you would get 30 unique plates and I had a couple that were doubles. It didn't bother me because I was splitting this with someone else. It is still a great deal for all the plates you get though. I just wanted to give a heads up that you might get a couple that are the same. I still got about 26 unique plates though...So still good for the price.
B00PC7YJUS|4|Took FOREVER to arrive and really stinky, fun colors, though.
B00TI6TVCK|5|this product really works for me and it shipped fast.
B007W9KWQE|4|I like the idea of organic. Flavor is a little odd.. Not like apple.
B00R2GTSCG|5|Beautiful hair. Took awhile to get here but when it finally got here I really liked it. It was very pretty and it was easy to put on. Love it!
B00AEINQ9K|4|Shaves well! Did not like the cheap glossy plastic battery cover.
B00DHDI3H4|1|Bought for makeup. Very small and zipper broke within a week.
B0007CXWSI|4|Great product for those of us  who are transitioning from process hair to natural hair.  I  bought it for my daughter, and she was pleased with the product. It made her hair soft and manageable while going through the hair transition.
B0019J4R6Y|5|I have very fine hair that tends to fall flat all of the time... I have my hair cut in a fairly short swing bob, which demands some volume to look good. I always use a hair dryer and a flat iron every time I style my hair. When my hair is still wet I add this product just as it instructs to and towel dry my hair until it isn't dripping wet. I then use a round brush and dry my hair in sections to make sure it all gets good and dry. Before when I would do this I would have a static filled flat mess. Now my hair poufs on its own and does not require teasing unless I want a going out look. My hair holds all day, and the heat protection is a great bonus that keeps my hair looking healthy.
B008RZ7T4A|3|Ehh.... it does the job but its messy. Sticky. The warmer doesnt melt it to a perfect point, so you have to microwave it or it will kill you in pain when you apply. (when its not fully melted, it will grab your hair like hell and it hurts more than the waxing part itself!). It leaves a lot of hair behind, so you will need twizers so finish the job... been waxing for 5 years, so I know good wax. This one is just ok.
B000C1Z19M|5|love it.
B0016BCSUC|5|Helps with sinus headaches.
B000GCOTH2|5|This is a great product. Most irons cause constipation but this doesn't upset your system at all--no stomach pains, no constipation.  My ferritan level was very low and has moved into a good range now. I would highly recommend this product.
B00G9MV6TM|5|Super fast shipping, and a good price. This is the first time I have bought rosehip oil so I can't compare it to other products but so far so good.
B0035CTRHW|5|This conditioning spray really smooths out my hair. I love the conditioner too, but this spray is fantastic when I blow dry my hair. I've used it everyday after I wash and condition my hair and before I blow dry and flat iron my hair. My hair has been looking frizz free and great too!
B004LCFHQA|1|I purchased this item on in the middle of April. A month later, I noticed that the polish was getting very thick. I read other reviewers stating the same thing, but hey it still worked. It just made for bigger crackles on my nails. Well yesterday I opened my bottle to use it only to discover that it is now a solid black glob inside the bottle. I only used this stuff a few times, so how could it possibly become a solid block? I have never had a nail polish do this before! And OPI is held in such high regards as to quality. I am now leery about buying anymore OPI products. I have other crackle products, mostly by China Glaze, and they have never even begun to get thick. Maybe I had a bad batch.
B000YJ2SKM|4|I like this cleanser very much.  I have dry skin that is can be irritated and painful, esp. in the winter.  This cleanser does indeed hydrate.
B00D7S1466|5|No complaints about razors. They work better than expected.
B00JFBRQZW|2|This was not a spandex headband as expected.  Instead it is made out of a stretch jersey material and cut like a headband.  Poor fit, bunching up and basically it's pieces of cloth cut and sewn together.  Do not recommend.
B004DIOOF2|1|Super cheap Not worth it at all. Better off buying a gift set at CVS
B00PM59J1O|2|I liked the smell and the soap on sponge thing. However, when I used it, my labia swelled and itched like wild. I use natural sponges, so that was not the problem. Something in this soap was incredibly irritating.  I have a rare form of psoriasis, so I am very careful about what I put on my skin. This has never happened to me before, but I will not try it again. Now, it serves as a fragrance center in my bathroom.
B00J2VUU9E|5|:)
B00N6MLLGG|5|Love the natural shade because it doesn't look garish on me. I have fair skin, green-blue eyes and it complemented my complexion and coloring perfectly. I am really please with this lipstick.
B0085RZLUY|4|The brush heads were what I would expect. It is a joy to order and receive dental care  products without leaving the home.
B003AYEGGW|5|Since I have gotten older of course I started to get much more grey than I would like. I use to go to the salon and pay $45.00 and up to get my hair colored. After going for many,many years I decided to try and do the color myself. I used a couple of different brands for men but I was not getting a complete coverage. And since I have dark hair, white is hard to mask. I decided to try, which many stylist of course never recommend, Clairol Nice ' n Easy Root Touch Up. I have to say this works great. It colors my hair perfectly and talk about saving money. I have been using this product for quite sometime now and it does not seem to damage my hair and the color last a good 2 weeks before I start noticing the grey. To mix the color is really simple. I would recommend getting a professional color brush and mixing bowl. It's much easier to mix and put on. Since I do get haircut every 3 weeks. I don't have to worry about overlapping the color. If you have long hair I would recommend only coloring the roots and not all your hair. donif you want to try to color your roots at home I would defiantly give the one s try.
B00NJ270ZY|5|This poncho is great. looks great.
B003983HZK|3|Came as described...but I found cheaper at sam's club since I ordered them .
B00K1LQXWC|5|So far so good. (I haven't been burned yet!) I bought this because I wanted to keep it in my car. The car gets so hot in the summer that regular sunscreen separates and goes bad immediately. It has a tan tint with small sparkles in it.<br /><br />I have been using it at the same point in my routine as I would put powder on. Sometimes I just use it as my powder.<br /><br />Understanding how to use it was a little difficult. At the bottom you turn it one click to &#34;Open.&#34; Any further and you will remove the powder cartridge. Then I just kept messing with it on my arm until the powder started coming out. Once it gets going you shouldn't have any more issues.
B000XVSNTQ|5|I have been using these razors for a while now 1 yr+ and I dont think I have ever been nicked or cut even when I am in a hurry! I do try other razors but seem to keep coming back to these Venus Gillette.<br /><br />I did receive recently a complimentary sample from Influenster.com<br />Either way my opinion is still the same!
B003UE612Y|1|Very disappointing. Though the label, and name are the same this formula was completely different than the product I had come to love. I purchsed on Amazon because the local store I buy from discontinued it, so I bought all the stock that Amazon had available. Big waste of money....
B0007CZW0O|5|This perfume is just 'to die for' - if you want a head turner, this is the fragrance!  It is just heavenly!
B001ET728O|5|I love it!! I use it for aftershave and it does the trick perfectly. I'd recommend it to anyone
B000CECVBU|5|I stick with OPI polishes because they hold up the best. I have received numerous compliments on this particular color. It's soft, yet has real depth to it: like a car paint job with a great clear coat.
B008G1CTP4|5|Great product & price!
B001ECQ7G4|3|I really didin't have a chance to use it as I guess it should have been used, but for the most part the product was pure meh.
B002BS43HU|5|Excelent product, you feel the heat right after you massage. I notice how I reduce my abdominal part.
B0056U2N1S|4|This is a great product for deep conditioning.
B0024JMXQY|5|Exactly what I wanted.  Perfect
B000XEATFY|2|Smells a little synthetic, too musky, and there's nothing fig about it.  Nothing like Dyptique's Philosykos which I love.
B00UI3OHG2|5|Great, non greasy, facial moisturizer. This is perfect for daily wear. This cream has aloe vera; sunflower, palm, clementine and jojoba oils; and shea butter. It goes on nicely and absorbs quickly.
B0019ZEVZU|5|I have been using Sonicare brushes for quite a few years and am pleased by their products.
B00CYA5E1O|4|I wish it was a little more powerful but other than that it is great for the price
B00P6V0PPS|1|I have been using EO for 20 years,  thought I would try a new brand, it smelled good not great. When I used it on my rocks in the sauna it smelled like  rancid oil. It is cut with some kind of oil, even though it says 100% pure EO. We had to leave the sauna until the smelled cleared. If it was cheaper I would have suspected it but at this price no excuse. First time trying this brand so maybe it was a bad batch, however, it has some kind of carrier oil in it, the sauna steam does not lie.
B000G0GW6K|5|This razor is WONDERFUL and stands up to every expectation that I had!!  In 2010 I had open heart surgery to replace the aortic valve in my heart and since then I have been on blood thinners and not recommended to use regular razors.  I have searched and tried many different ones but they didn't do what I wanted.  The last razor I had, the foil over the blades literally tore through and that is what led me to buying this razor.  I wanted one that matched my needs and this one sure did!!!  It gives a super close shave on my legs, underarms and bikini area.  I was skeptical at first until I was actually able to try it and I won't buy any other one after having this one.  You can also order parts for it should it fail in an area like needing blades or foil head and other parts.  The razor I had before you couldn't use it underarms or \\"other\\" area...only legs, and when the foil broke, there was no way to buy the replacement parts so I hunted and found this razor and I'm so very glad that I did.  It is worth every bit of the money paid for it!!  Funny thing is, this one is actually cheaper than the one I had before and this one does 10x better job than the one I had before!  Thank you Panasonic for this wonderful product and I hope this review helps others see what a wonderful product this is.
B00JFI2XIU|5|Great toothbrush and I'm happy to not be contributing to more plastic waste
B00NN07IMW|5|These replacement heads fit quite well on our Diamond Care Sonic Care brush.  I like the colored rings that come with them to identify certain children's brushes.  The price ROCKS!  Shipping and packaging were great and we will order again.<br />  Great product.
B0006O2FVM|5|Great toothbrush holder.  Lays flat when open and toothbrush can dry without being enclosed in the case. Very sturdy construction.
B000068PBT|5|my old header broke a few weeks ago, I had a older model, this new header has greatly improved my shaving experience. I m having a cleaner shave comparing to the old header.
B0034XRY7W|4|I love it great colors and easy to apply
B00L2E9CB6|1|It doesn't  really smell that good as her others and it doesn't  last but 5 min..
B000I4C22C|5|I just started using Perio products.  Absolutely would reorder all I have used.  Mouth feels clean and refreshed.  Taste is not objectionable.  Highly recommended.
B000YDHPOW|1|I bought this item here on Amazon in March 08 and it's now shorted out....just 3 months later.  I contacted the company who stated that Amazon does not have the authority from Farouk to sell their products.  What a waste of money on my part.  I should have just paid full price at a salon who is authorized to carry Farouk items.
B003BGGMO8|5|excellent !
B00NOLVST4|5|Best Toner on the market!!! Thank you Sean Cassidy for continuing to put out the highest quality products!!!
B000VDUOFM|2|Didn't really work
B002EP9OUG|4|I use this waxing kit to wax my bikini line as well as my eyebrows and my lip hairs! it works great once you get enough practice and know what your doing!!  I Will say that it is very hard to wax your bikini line by yourself, hard to see all the area and hard to rip the wax off yourself. I love not having to pay $15 every two weeks for my eye brows! Def one of the best purchases Ive made!!  I only wish you could control the heat of the wax better, but overall not a big deal.
B008O92Y76|5|Previously, I'd been using a sock to create the &#34;Sock Bun&#34; but this makes it so much easier. Not only does it blend seamlessly in your hair, but it doesn't slip around like the sock would. It's large (as advertised) and has a good density. I liked this so much, I ended up buying a second one, in brown, for a friend.
B00AV14GTE|5|Plastic surgeon and dermatologist recommended. Seems to help.
B00L2MFLPO|5|good size to hold and does the job
B00186NJ1M|5|Excellent price.  My daughter is a big fan of Jovan white musk and I was happy to be able to please her.,
B00L2MFLPO|5|Great sponges, very gentle on skin.
B001IZZX1C|3|ok
B008SCUN36|5|I just purchased this in store and its actually a nice color. I usually wear a more pinkish color but this color looks more coral and kinda natural. I'm kinda tan and it just compliments my skin color and dark hair.
B004XZENOC|4|Bought this for my dogs cyst on his face, which he rubs constantly so it's always raw looking,and some other redness due to RedTide in the air.seems to be breaking down the cyst, and he doesn't scratch it so much.
B009N5HWQI|4|Not the best plates out there. A few images will not work no matter what I do, or come out with imperfections. Semi - disappointed with them.
B0076J9RZW|5|Everyone has tried ivory soap.  Cleans well, smells classic clean with no added fragrances.  We put it in the microwave to make soap clouds, lots of fun!
B00BTYOBLK|2|good price but SOOOO stiff.  hard to work with
B003983I1S|5|I have been using Gillette since I started shaving, and the Fusion ProGlide lives up that reputation. I would highly recommend this product and the brand that is Gillette.
B001G12TM4|1|I had to give this 1 star because I have the soap the lotion whatever I could get in this beautiful wonderful fragrance..The only problem I had is with the lather in the shower...There isn't any lather....We  have soft water through out our home so its not the question of the water....It just doesn't lather....I complained to Amazon and they were very kind to send me out 2 more bottles of the same to find out it is the way the product is made...It wouldn't make a difference how many I bought...it doesn't lather.,.The fragrance is AWESOME...buy the bars of soap you will be happy...Every shower is an experience now....
B001DC4ZPK|5|The clippers work great, if they have a down side it's that they are a little on the heavy side. Overall a great set of clippers clean cutting and the batteries last for at least an hour of cutting.
B00D8GQFSE|5|It feels great knowing that your doing something good for your face.  I've been using this on a daily basis for a few weeks now and I have to say its great.  You can cleanse your face without drying it out.  I'm glad I made this a part of my everyday routine.
B0033PSM7C|5|I was having issue with oily and acne problems and when I brought this product it felt so great on my skin. The first time I use face powder and does great for my skin it remains to be clear and if I have any signs of acne I pat and let it do its magic!! Wroth it try it please women need to know about this product!
B001UE60E0|5|It's fantastic for removing sunscreen, which I wear every day, and makeup, which I seldom wear.  I always follow it with a gentle cleanser to remove any traces of the oil and sunscreen and/or makeup.
B0007DHH7Y|1|I guess this is what happens when a company gets too big.  It sits back on its laurels and outsources to China.    First off, the electric shaver it was replacing was a Japanese \\"national\\" brand battery operated single rotary head shaver that was smaller than the palm of your hand, yet lasted over twenty years of daily use, including travel, camping, a good many drops, and a couple of accidental submersions.  Purchased in Japan back in 1987, it always shaved close, never nicked or irritated, did its job in under two minutes, and cost less than $20 (adjusted Yen to Dollar).    Now to Braun's cruZer Z-50; reputable Braun name, rechargeable foil shaver with loads of gadgets for sideburn / beard grooming, all for under $50.  A bit pricey, but seemed like it would make a fine replacement shaver.    Wrong!  After charging it up, as per the instructions, I tried shaving the one day old growth and didn't notice any difference.  I still had all the same stubble stuck to my face instead the shaver.  Blade to the rescue while reviewing the instructions at work to try and figure out if I did anything wrong.  Next morning disassembled / reassembled the shaver to check that it was working properly and wound up with the same results.  Over the course of the following couple weeks, I tried hot wet electric shaving, electric shaving with creams and gels, spending ten freakin' minutes doing a two minute job, combining all of the above - all with the same dismally disappointing results, but with varying levels of rash streaks on my cheeks and neck - and still having to go back over with a blade razor daily.    In the end, I was donated (Yes, DONATED by a work colleague) a 2nd hand, \\"2nd rate\\" Norelco rotory.  The Norelco works, the Braun does not, and I can not replace my old national that bit the dust.  I will not speak of Braun's more expensive model shavers as I have a friend who speak well of his, but as for my future backing of Braun products, I think I'll stick to their Formula1 race cars and skip on their shavers.
B007OYKE6A|5|arrived in a timely manner, and exactly as shown. Wish you could buy more strips only. Takes a little practice but if done as stated in directions works great.
B009RLIO3S|5|really keeps my daughters curly hair from flattening and frizzing all day!
B00D3NKLSM|5|wow !!! I got the soap and start using it today... I must said it smell so good and it's lathers well. Hope it last a while before I get another one.
B00HNKRYP4|4|I received a bottle of Vaseline Men Spray and Go body lotion from Influenster! My Husband is always asking me to put lotion on his back, but now he can manage it by himself with this spray! It goes on light but brings big moisture. The scent is subtle, but very manly. I have tried the spray and go for women as well, they work wonders and are great for on the go. The bottles do not last as long as I would like, and it can be pricey but its a great product!
B0018EBA24|4|This allows my husband to have a smoother shave on his face. He has very course, curly hair so it has always been painful to watch him shave until now. He was skeptical because of the name but after so persuasion used it. He has now claimed the bottle for himself. Although the shave is smoother he does still have ingrown hairs, but the irritation seems to be less.
B009IIGMMK|4|It's pretty, the price is good and it arrived on time. The problem is that the glue loosened and the clip fell right off the barrette. I guess I could just buy another barrette and glue it back with a stronger glue. I will try that. Other than that, I really like it.
B00IN6VAVQ|5|I ordered this Beard Balm to help maintain my beard from crazy curling up and it did just that. I wanted something that was odorless which is why I decided to give this can of naked a try. I was extremely happy and will definately order again.
B0016C91GU|4|Cucina Coriander and Olive handcream is one of my most favorite lotions.  It is rich, creamy, luxurious feeling and best of all - absorbs quickly into your skin.  It doesn't 'sit' on top of your skin like you're wearing a cream suit... this review is mostly about the refill packaging.  I am happy to have this option, less packaging, less resources needed, less cost.  I'm a bit puzzled as the size of the ceramic jar and the refill pouch size is the same, yet I couldn't fit the entire refill pouch into the ceramic container.  I have approximately 1/4 to 1/3 of the refill pouch remaining.  So - don't complain!  But either the jar size isn't quite right or the refill bag contains a bit more...either way - it's a good thing to have more of this cream than less.
B00WSN56E2|5|It's great.
B005KPAEYM|5|Excellent
B004NMYM96|1|Would not recommend this brand to anyone.  They have some of the greatest looking colors, but the frosts are the worst.  The shrinkage from the edge of the nail is dramatic.  Can't get the polish to stay smooth to the edge, let alone do the tips.  This brand seems to be the most popular in the numerous nail salons, probably because it's cheaper to buy.  And it is definitely a cheap product. I've had this applied in different salons.  It is by far the hardest brand to remove from my nails.  I can soak for 20 min and still have to scrape and file off.  Then while wearing the polish, I've experienced weak bending nails to flaking within days.  Can't be blamed all on technique, as I've tried doing it myself with same results.  I will avoid this brand and any salon that used it.
B004COFUZA|5|Awesome product for the price.  A little goes a long way and my skin's already feeling smoother.  Definitely something to try from all the Laneige products.
B006GKHIHQ|1|They did not stay on at all . Made of some kind of cheap fabric and it took so long to get.Never buying this again.
B0013OJUWQ|5|I used to spend alot more money on expensive brand name moisturizers, but find Ambi to do the job just as well for a fraction of the cost. Glad I found this product, but it seems to be harder and harder to find. Hurray for Amazon.
B000JNQSIQ|5|Very good trimmer for the price. Many guards in various lengths (including left and right ear guards) help you trim hair and beards at home. Powerful motor cuts through even very coarse facial hair.
B0036LMFYO|5|This is my first time using this black soap. I loved it, my skin was glowing after i used it. I had no burning or drying of the skin. I would buy this product again. A little goes a long way. Told my son about it and i will send some to him in Afghanistan for his skin.
B000RGC1AO|3|I thought I'd give this a try after having used Proraso for a while as my main shaving cream. I'd heard that Musgo Real was a good, inexpensive cream. On the positive side, it does lather easily with a brush. But in my experience I noticed I got cuts a little more frequently when using this cream than with Proraso, Omega, or Crabtree & Evelyn (my favorite so far, but more expensive). Also, I was not a fan of the scent. It wasn't bad, but I didn't like it either. It had a real cologne element to it that was quite strong and would linger for a while after shaving. It's not bad shaving cream, but I definitely prefer Proraso for the price.
B00BS9Q5OM|5|Combined with the shampoo and conditioner from this line, it leaves my hair feeling like butter!<br />Note: I do get the brazilian blowout, so not sure what it would do for non treated hair.<br />This stuff is the bomb for my nappy hair though.
B0011DP24Y|5|I have been using this shampoo as my body-wash and hand-soap for years.  it smells terrific and the pump makes dispensing in the shower easy
B004B8F8MM|4|I got the chance to try this Gillette Fusion razor free from Gillette. I have been using the Gillette Mach 3 and am pretty loyal to the Gillette brand. I had a three day beard when I tried this razor and I usually shave in the shower with water only and no shave cream or gel. I found that this razor had a smooth glide and only caught and pulled a few times, much less often that other razors through three days of manly gruff. I used the single blade to trim my sideburns. I felt it was a bit awkward to use, but probably because I was not use to holding my razor that way. Overall, I felt this razor provided a good smooth shave with no irritation.
B00008BFXL|4|The brush heads clean great but do not last as long as stated 6 months.
B000JNQSIQ|4|Gets the job done.<br />Clearly not your top notch shop clipper.<br />But what do you expect?<br /><br />The price is unbeatable and the quality is good.<br />Perfect for those who cut friends hair, their own hair or child's hair.
B00DW6YBV8|5|The second I opened this package it became my favorite shirt. It's so unique and the sizes are 100% accurate. Being an extra small, a lot of things end up baggy but this was perfect, and classy. I absolutely recommend it.
B0002YE8V6|3|If you have a thick hair. then this might be little hard to pull.
B000C1Z1HE|3|i though i would like it and i do but the smell is not that fantastic so make sure you know what it smells like before you buy it
B00M7WEB7W|4|Good but prefer cleansing oil.
B006WVCF1I|5|I am a long time wearer of bare escentuals mineral powder, I wanted a more even look, and have never worn liquid foundation. After trying this, I am hooked. I always read all reviews on all products and went back and forth on a few, this one won. And I am super happy with it. My face looks even, and it leaves a bit of a dewy look which is youthful and natural looking.
B002YFN4C0|5|What a charming resource! The quality of the silk flowers are excellent. I purchased two styles in case I did not like one of them. I love them both! This one is smaller about 3 1/2\\" in diameter. It has a light airy quality about it. The orange color is rich but not too bright. Also, they each have the option of a pin or hair clip. I am using these on a hat for a wedding. I was most impressed with the way they were shipped. They were lovingly wrapped in tissue and had care instructions. The seller also included a hand written thank you note. I will buy more of these for sure.
B004X5FYO0|5|Perfect size, perfect price!
B007ZK74AW|4|Works great and holds 36 bottles. it is well made. and I loved the price.<br />it is not bulky looking.
B00F6IMIZG|5|Works good.
B0009IK198|5|I spent decades cutting myself with blades and throwing a mountain of plastic into the landfill, but this device changed all that. It takes a bit of time to master the use of an electric shaver but once you learn how to use it, this machine will give you a close shave and some very fast body hair trimming -- all without any cuts and bruises. Best of all, you only need to replace the head once every 18 months -- which is better for the environment, not to mention your pocket book.
B000FGC99O|5|This product is very moisturizing, smells fresh but not over-powering, and gets the job done without using much at all, and I have moderately thick hair.<br />I've used many natural shampoos and conditioners since I was a teenager, I am 29 now. Jason brand hair products are always consistently high in quality and the price is very reasonable. I would recommend this for any person who is looking for an affordable, natural, and fresh smelling conditioner. The Jason brand shampoos are equally high in quality as their conditioners.<br />This conditioner is essential if you prefer natural, lightly scented hair products.
B006HJOI0Q|5|This Gel polish is amazing-lasts 2-3 weeks depending on how fast your nails grow. No chips no nothing. Awesome product!
B004IS92G8|5|I love this stuff.  When you get out of the shower your skin feels soft. I even use it to wash my face and it doesn't make it feel greasy.
B0077B267U|3|I guess I expected more given all the rave reviews I've read. The orgasm blush doesn't show up that well on my dark skin, and honestly doesn't seem that pigmented overall. Albatross is pretty but better as a brow highlight for me. The lip gloss was unimpressive. May be better for fair skinned persons, otherwise I wouldn't call it a must have.
B00V62IY3G|4|I hope works is nice my lips look bigger every time I use it
B004R6HIR6|5|I tracked this order last week. The post office said they had left a notice in Nov. that the product it was in. The notice must have blown away. I owe this seller an apology. For some unknown reason the product was still at the post office. The product was in good condition & was just what I ordered.<br />My sincere apologies for my previous review since I had ot received the product due to no fault of the seller.
B000OO2YYM|5|great product/overall purchase experience, it met met my expectations :-)
B00MY7Y5Z8|5|What I expected and will be purchasing again!
B000Q6RHJA|5|This is my first shaver. I was always worried that they wouldn't give me a close shave or would hurt my skin, but I was curious especially given the price of razor refills. When I saw the price on this one I decided there was no harm in trying and I'm glad I did.  The instructions say that if you're a first time user it will take a few times to get a close shave but I got one from the first use. It's comfortable and fast, works as well as a razor but without the cost of replacement blades. When this one wears out I'll just buy a new one.  I've used it on my legs in the shower with lather and it hasn't damaged my skin. I used it dry on a small spot I had missed and it didn't harm either but it was a tiny spot. I like having the option of using it dry too in case I'm in a hurry. Using it on the legs is easy, I don't know about other areas since you have to be careful not to put it at an angle which the instructions say will harm your skin.  Overall I'm impressed, I'm glad I bought it and would recommend it, don't let the price fool you, this really works.
B007XZZA3C|4|Good deal great polish and brand.
B003983I1S|4|I received the Proglide Power Blade for free from a program ran by Gillette.  I have been a user of the Schick Quattro Blades for a few years now and decided to try the Proglide Power Blade and I was blown away.  I have very thick whiskers to the point that it looks like I have a 5 hour shadow about 5 minutes after I shave.  WIth the Proglide Power Blades, you face is baby smooth to the point that I don't look like I need another shave right away.  What is great about the blades is you can actually feel the \\"pull\\" on the hair as they get shaved off, which I think is because the blade lifts the hair up before cutting.  I highly recommend and I will not be going back to the quattro!
B002AMUGC8|1|BEWARE most if not all Sisleya products are FAKE.  The lotion I received was white but the real product is a pinkish color.  PRODUCT WAS A FAKE/COUNTERFEIT
B003DVNKU0|5|Colors look true to the picture and come out nicely. Most of them are pigmented, but the black at the corner of the palette doesn't come out how it looks in the pan. Comes off very light, or grayish. You can barely see it...or have to keep building it up. That's the only color I was disappointed with. Otherwise, great! I would buy this again.
B005W31DR4|5|Made points with the girlfriend.
B0009OAHC8|3|Perhaps it's old stock?<br />I really can't say.<br />I jumped at the chance when I saw one of my favorite long time scents from jr.hs/hs days.<br />Just like some of the reviews.<br />Scent is definitely legit, but even with 3-4 sprays, it does NOT stay.<br />(I'm not talking about my sense of smell becoming accustomed to it during the day, it just dissipates very very quickly)<br /><br />Just to make sure, I've tried spraying ONE spritz of the stuff at a department store when I had the chance, and that ONE spray lasted the remainder of that day without dissipating OR me becoming accustomed to it.<br /><br />I won't kill this thing with a one star or anything cuz of the price its offered at...<br />But I wouldn't buy it again.<br />In face I would have rather put the money I spent on this and put it towards buying it from like Macys or something and pay the extra
B0011UR1H8|2|Came as described, but I have used other lotions and this one helped the least. I guess you get what you pay for. Though the smell is nice.
B00BC3ASQA|5|nice long wearing polish.  It was darker than the picture looks but a nice shade.  Polish seems to last and hold up well.
B001EW0SO6|2|Got the item quick but black lights do not work
B003SSXKV2|5|I love this night face cream! It smells absolutely amazing and is a great way to slip into a wonderful night sleep! So glad to have found it on Amazon.com!
B00X2585HU|5|This night cream has been working well for my overly dry, patchy, and flaky skin. I use this night cream after derma rolling, and I find that it helps calm my skin as derma rolling leaves my skin irritated. I also love that this night cream has ingredients in it that I love (Shea Butter, Sweet Almond Oil, Sunflower Seed Oil, Glycerin) in a more convenient container. Although I do like the fact that this product has sea buckthorn in it, I feel a certain way about it being the &#34;star ingredient&#34; when it is about the 13th ingredient. Maybe this is for the best as I imagine that this night cream would be even more expensive if the sea buckthorn was closer to the beginning of the ingredients list (meaning there's more of it in the product). For the price, I would have to weigh my monetary options, as purchasing a $40 skin care product is a little much on my &#34;Broke College Student&#34; budget at the moment. All in all, I would purchase it when I run out. I recommend it to those looking for a night cream with good ingredients.<br /><br />I was sent this product to review. Free or deeply discounted does not change my views on the product. All thoughts and opinions are my own and I am not being paid to write good things about this product.
B001JD64FC|4|Product was as stated. Excellent price. I would purchase from again when the time comes to replace this item..Very happy.
B00743VDFC|5|Leaves hair manageable.
B00H3XS5UE|5|Love it!  It works great and I sweat a lot in HOT YOGA!
B00028M3N2|3|The Lemon Oil was received timely with no issue.  The only issue I have with the oil is I wanted to use it for making cookies with a Lemon favor and I can not determine if this is food grade or not?  I am not planning to use it until I can find out.
B000P6I3WG|5|The fragrance is Heavenly. The effect is superb. And, I save up just to purchase this rose water 2 bottles at a time! Best rose water you will ever spend your money on and since it's all natural, you can use one bottle for beauty and one bottle in the kitchen. Their orange blossom water is also amazing!
B000XTCFME|5|I like this product so I sent it to a friend whose hair thinned drastically after cancer treatment. She Loves it !
B00OJIV9DQ|5|Excellent product, I love it.
B000NZAIC2|5|the aforementioned title is selfexplanatory. This soap is absolutely phenomenal!<br />I Have read many reviews before I purchase and I definitely concur that this indeed the holy grail.<br />The Seller also did an an excellent job pakaging, ensuring we received the authentic soap and mostly for sourcing and providing us withproducts to really makes us beautiful, healthy. Moreover the seller Aurora  Naturaldemonstrated stewardship for the ecological system, the earth and respect for the Most High by only providing nontoxix products that do not impact negatively on the earth.<br /> Sincerely<br />Camille
B008AVFWHM|5|Love this stuff!  So much better than gel or wax you have to dip your fingers in.
B005WFS8HK|5|This is my favorite soap. My hysband and i fell in love with it on our honeymoon cruise, so we had to buy some as soon as we got home. I have slightly sensitive skin, and this soap did not dry out or irritate my skin.
B001KYVLSU|2|This is way too soft and the bristles are not packed tightly enough to get any powder onto them.  It is very soft but definitely not what I was hoping for.
B005VP5GCQ|5|I just received it and its wonderful i will order more i would give this a ten star its a great product love it thank you
B001RNF1KS|5|Could not find this gum stimulator at any local stores so I was pleased to find this. They are very good and I am once again using one for my gums to keep them in better shape in addition to brushing my teeth twice a day.
B0000AFUTL|4|PRO:<br />Price competitive product. Sharp chrome finish that fits well in my bathroom. Excellent 5x magnification provides extreme close up for personal grooming. 8-inch mirror size allows for full face/neck viewing. Easily mounts on the bathroom wall with two screws.<br /><br />CON:<br />Extension arm is entirely too short for my personal needs.<br /><br />Overall this is a good product - I only use the 5X magnification side because that provides me with the close-up view I need for personal grooming, be that nose/ear hair trimming, shaving, blemish maintenance, etc. I've yet to use the normal magnification side of the mirror since I have this mounted next to a large mirror / cabinet in the bathroom.<br /><br />The chrome colour fits in well with everything else in the bathroom - so really not much to report there. Install is easy with just a couple of screws and so if you find a stud in the wall you're pretty much good to go.<br /><br />My complaint which removes a star from the product is that the extension arm is just not long enough to bring the mirror away from the wall and right up to my face without me having to lean into it. If you have a large vanity / sink then you're going to have to lean in if you want to see right up close to your face. This can be managed a bit with mirror placement and of course it depends on where your walls are in the bathroom, but I'd like to see something with an arm extension that is a bit more adaptable.<br /><br />Swivel of the mirror is smooth and unencumbered. The mirror rotates gently but is tight enough so that it doesn't move when you need it to be stationary. Good light reflection and is easy to clean with a wipe and some windex, or a glass cleaning pad.<br /><br />This is a daily use item for me and for the price was a good deal.
B000QYNVFQ|5|The perfume is great. I don't know how these sellers like Perfume Emporium for example came up with these high prices. At the official site of Chanel the prices are much lesser!
B00M2DZTUY|2|Feels gross when wet
B00BRW2JX6|5|These blades work very well and they seem very durable. Good price and I should get lots of use out of these replacements. All in all this is a overall good product (The whole set up).
B003OGV21S|5|great color!
B008QRQI96|5|I love this cupuacu butter. I had also tried some others from another company, and this one was my favorite.
B004R5E12M|5|I bought this from Pink Gelee and yes, it is authentic.  You can watch the fake versus real comparison on Youtube.  This is my first time ever using any type of bb cream.  I wasn't sure what to expect since I also don't ever use foundation or concealer.  I wanted to try Skin79 due to the reviews and the benefits of medium coverage, anti-wrinkle properties, and SPF.  First time I tried the bb cream, I used moisturizer and I think since I am on the somewhat oily skin type, it was little too moist for me.  Next day, I used it without moisturizer and it was much better for me.  I'm not super oily but I do have the t-zone/combination skin.  I do have dry spots as well during winter.  My skin tone looked much better with this cream since it evens out my face.  It matched me well.  I am Asian with pale-yellow skin tone.  It surprisingly looked natural on me.  However, while applying it, it does have a slight gray color as some have said.  That vanishes as it sets into your skin.  I really like it for my eyes as well.  It doesn't leave a wrinkle line or cause flake.  I am happy with my purchase :).  Since I never tried any other BB cream, sorry I cannot compare.<br /><br />My sister, on the other hand, wasn't too happy with the skin79.  Unlike me, her skin is fair/white with some pink tones.  I think she wants that lighter-white powder finish so if you want that, you might not like this.  I prefer natural beige.  My sister plans on trying Missha since they have more skin color options.<br /><br />If anyone is wondering, I did receive samples with my purchase (three of them).
B000O2KACM|5|I like the product and the professional way the company delivered it on tome
B000NWAG18|5|Still my favorite red lipstick.
B00JLEPTIY|5|Love this gift set very pretty colors great value for your money!
B00HNJS23I|5|Arrived wuickly and works as described.
B001RMP7M6|5|Gift for daughter.  Loved it
B003EN4T2U|4|It's a very good product but I buy it through Amazon rather than going to Proactiv itself because they are TOOOO pushy and you'll end up with a ton of product that you may (all products have expiration dates) or may not use. Better to buy through Amazon, that way you're in control of when product arrives.
B00543733U|5|I have tried MANY Olay products over the years, and they never disappoint me.  Right now this is the ONLY tinted moisturizer I use.
B001LNG4YG|1|I was super excited to get this, it's a christmas gift for my hubby. I was going to wrap it up and put it under the tree right away but I just had to smell it first. Now I wasn't expecting something super fabulous for 35 dollars... and I have a pretty sensitive nose and I can easily tell if I've smelled something before. This is almost a carbon copy for some sort of axe or old spice, I didn't have enough time to decide which one (my husband wears both) but It smells very similar to the cheap crap you get at walmart. I was pretty butt-hurt about this and almost wanted to send it back for that reason. I decided to keep it though just for the s**ts and giggles which is why I originally bought it, and since it smells like the cheap crap he loves anyway. (was hoping to kill two birds with one stone, buy a funny gift and get a new smell on him, guess I'm screwed. (Thanks Brian Fantana ... Or did Ron Burgundy endorse this? Oh well!)
B0009OAHC8|5|Awesome scent from the past.  Lots of compliments and a great price.
B0018A3OA4|5|I decided to try this on a whim...hard to buy perfume online but I love the fragrance and I've gotten several compliments on it. I also loved the fact that it included a refill.
B00BOVMZ3Y|5|Best stuff on the market!!! Love it. And was so happy to find it in a 2 pack.
B009UFYXFE|5|I have ordered this product from other stores but they came out dried out.  I don't know if it was opened or just been in stock for too long but they were dry and difficult to manage.  These product is great on the hair and worked as advertised.  It arrived earlier than expected and was well packaged.
B00DQ3Z4CW|4|It is very plain but overall I like this head band.
B005F5IF4I|5|Works great!  I am young and thinning hair can be very difficult to have to live with.  This product does work but you do have to continue use!  I still think it is worth the price and time. It gave me self confidence back.  I also saw results within the first week and have only been using it for almost 2 months. Cant wait to see what extended use does!
B00FZERN3I|1|Unfortunately this scarf isn't what I had expected. The fabric is extremely thin making the scarf seem chintzy. Also, it isn't too long.  I was hoping for more of the quality/look as in the photos & advertised description.  The one good benefit is the price was inexpensive.
B0009QZYH4|1|It smells like gasoline.<br />It's nothing like the other &#34;Clubman Pinaud Eau de Portugal Hair Tonic&#34; products I've purchased before and certainly not like the scent I've grown to love. BUYER BEWARE. Still trying to find a way to get a refund. Absolutely abysmal.
B0014D0H46|5|My go to deorderant - no scent, great protection.
B001ARROQ0|2|Very shallow, wont hold an incense. If you break the stick shorter, the incense leans away from the bowl, so ashes drop on the table.<br />Its cute but useless for stick incense.
B004INCW2O|2|I was not sent the &#34;Smooth Intense&#34; version of the product, but &#34;Smooth Gloss&#34; They don't seem to be the same. I've always used and liked Smooth Intense and that' why I ordered it and paid a little bit more($8.30) I was disappointed that I didn't receive my old favorite. Too much trouble to return it :(
B000JNQSIQ|3|Although it works well, I'm giving it 3 stars because of the dye that rubs off of the handle and has now stained my white woodwork purple. Is the blue color really necessary?
B001BAN0FK|5|This wig head will do just fine for my uses. It's sturdy and holds my wigs nicely. I really like this wig head. I will be able  to use it to detangle, style, and fix my wigs. Sol glad I bought this and the price can't be beat
B006GW3KLW|5|I love these!! They are a tremendous investment and they have an amazing buzzzz!! Barberlife!!
B0006HR820|4|I saw how many great reviews this product had, and my expectations were high. It came, and I immediately put some on!<br />It smells really nice, a man or woman could wear it, though its leaning toward a man, in my opinion.<br />Anyway when you open the top, it screws off, and it doesnt have a spray nozzle, it just has a small opening, so be careful you hold it upright when opening or it will spill out. I placed it on my wrist, turned my wrist and it upside down, then back, and I did that twice- it lasted for a good while! at least a few hours. It's not too strong, yet its not too weak either.
B002QI2TPI|4|Is amazing!!! I usually don't do my eyebrows to much but with this I think I will do them every day!! :D I just wish there were more product, it's a little small but for Tue price is good.
B003WN1ELQ|2|Left my face with a burning red rash.
B0009RL86E|4|<br />I am not a daily shaver so I only replace the refills every 8-9 weeks. Even after that period of time, there is still 1/3 of the liquids left but for hygienic reasons you would probably want to change the refill anyway. I think the refills are reasonably priced and keeps the blades all clean for the next round.
B001JQLNWI|4|Would definitely recommend this product to anyone!  Was hesitant when I was offered this product to review via BZZagent, since any other gel deodorants I've used left me feeling less than dry and sticky under my arms!  Secrets formula dries quick and leaves you feeling dry.
B009THP0TG|5|Purchased on a recommendation from a coworker.  On a visit to my chiropractor, she asked me what I was doing different to my hair.  I told her about this conditioner and she wanted the name.  This conditioner leaves my long fine hair feeling voluminous and silky soft.
B002X9W5OK|1|If you want to smell like your wearing a bottle of really strong perfume - help yourself to this product.<br />I believe the write up said a light citrus scent. Nothing could be further from the truth.<br />Took 2 washes with soap, water and scrubbing to rid my skin of the horrid smell.
B005CROW78|5|Love this stuff..gives my hair great body and controls frizz!
B0050PRDPA|5|I was a clubman hair gel guy until I tried this product, Gummy has no alcohol and holds better than any other gel I've tired and for the price you're getting an excellent value. The gel holds all day, I use it everyday and I'm not afraid that i'll lose my hair. Try it, I promise you won't go to any other product after using Gummy hair gel.
B005FCAN8W|5|This cologne smells absolutely amazing! I just want to pounce my boyfriend when he is wearing this scent. I would definitely recommend this item.
B00Q306R4O|5|This thing works great! I have big eyelids and with them it comes the risk of them sagging late in life. I've been using any type of eye cream since 18 y.o., now I'm close to 40 and have a toddler. Lack of sleep in combination with a so-so eye cream (expensive) gave me hooded lids. I researched and found this serum. IT WORKS! I could feeling working since the 1st time and after a few uses my eye lids are as flat as they were before. It will only look orange on your lids I'd you put too much or if don't distribute well. And instructions say to follow with a moisturizer so this should be your only eye routine. I purchased this brands eye cream which is good too.
B00B2KDWHA|2|Too dry to get my makeup off, but they smell nice!
B008IK41V8|3|Product leaked. tape over cap. inside plastic bag, but bag not sealed. Very little cushioning in box. Strong initial odor, but O.K. when shampooing.
B00J2APR98|5|The best razor ever!
B0009R358S|5|GREAT STUFF. GIVES MY HAIR THE EXTRA SHINE AND SOFTNESS IT NEEDS. I RECOMMEND IT FOR EVERYONE.<br />CAN'T FIND IT IN ANY STORES. AMAZON IS THE WAY TO GO.
B001B0YMB6|5|I love this organizer. Keeps my everyday makeup and brushes in place and I don't have to look into my makeup bag every morning to do my makeup! This is a great innovative organizer! Thank you also for the fast delivery!!! Love it!
B0089JVEOK|5|Love this cleanser have used it for many years. No longer sold locally :(
B00C9HO1PC|1|Did not work I think it's a fake...
B002RSC678|3|It arrived in a timely manner and the packaging was an a nice small box but severly beaten up.<br />The color was great with my skin color and its not too too sticky. However, that it about it. There is a slight tingle at the begining and it lasts for about 5 to 10 seconds. Lip fattener is not the name for this gloss...Probably wont buy again. I think I am going to try Sally Hansen products next
B0089A9YZU|4|These hair clips are awesome because I can keep my hair back easily with one clip.<br />The only problem I had was that one of them was weak, but apart from that they work perfectly!
B00HT6E2NY|5|Received as a sample and it has replaced the razor I was using previously.  Shave is closer and my legs are less irritated. I find myself not needing to replace the cartridges as much as well!
B00ARTK9YG|5|These do a great job of getting in between teeth, especially the front lowers. That is my problem area, and I can feel the bristles getting in and ejecting the gunk. My Phillips Sonicare before actually used to leave particles at the gum line, despite how well I thought it was cleaning. This thing is great.
B00BVSA1AY|5|I fall into a particular category of hair. it is super thick, long, curly, and there is a lot of it. This causes the problem of finding a hair tie that will actually stay in and go around three times without breaking, becoming super stretched out, or just failing to keep a pony tail up. I know I am not alone in the search for a hair tie that actually works. For years I have searched. The kind with the metal fastener always either breaks my hair or it breaks itself where the elastic meets the metal. I tried the cool silicone ones and they just ripped my hair. The ones that have no fastener always stretch or just break when trying to  make that elusive third time around the pony tail for ultimate hold. I have found a pretty good hair tie in these ribbon hair ties. I waited for a couple of months before writing this review. I think we can all agree that people need to stop writing reviews after using a product once and telling everyone how great and durable it is. So now that I have been using the same tie for two months, here is my opinion. First, there is no painful pulling that is often common with hair ties. It has stretched out a bit, but it still works well and I can get it around a third time. The color has faded a bit, but that in no way effects performance of the hair tie. The only issue I have had is when I try to use these hairs ties at the bottom of a braid. These hair ties have a bit of a silky texture and it does not always stay in at the bottom of braids as well as some of the other more basic hair ties do. I still say these are the best hair ties I have used  yet and I highly recommend them.
B001139H68|5|I ordered two for my wedding.  Definitely need two or three when doing an up-do.
B002OOWLV6|5|They don't make any bad products. Period. This is a wonderful soap if you have sensitive skin and/or are environmentally aware.
B0067DDW5O|2|Received my brush today.  Looks pretty good just out of the box, not as dense of a knot as I was expecting though.  Felt like it had pretty good backbone and ok scrub, then I shampooed and combed it out.  To my disappointment when it is wet it's a mop and more of a conical shape.  I think my Art of Shaving starter brush(from the starter kit) which has a knot of 15-16mm has a more dense knot than this.  It's supposed to be a 21 or 22mm knot.  I think from a density standpoint or lack thereof, I would have to say that the amount of hair in this knot(22mm) was meant to go into 19mm knot if not a smaller one.  So far I am very disappointed with this purchase.  Hopefully it is a better brush than it appears.
B001D51JCY|5|The lotion is just as beautiful as the cream.  I take the lotion with me to work to reapply if I'm going out after work.  The fragrance is amazing and keeps my sking soft but not greasy.
B000EPJNMW|5|I love these, I've purchased over 20 different hot rollers and these are the best/perfect. The size is wonderful, easy to travel with, gets hot enough and sets my hair quickly. Roll these bad boys in your hair, go do your makeup and you're hair will be ready when you are. I'll purchase these again if i need to, and I've recommended these to many friends.
B00NRM4D7O|5|The velvet eye serum is velvety! It goes on so smoothly and doesn't hurt my sensitive skin. I also like that's it's oil free and non-greasy, making it easy to wear under my makeup all day. I use the face serum too, so now have 'the set' for my skin. Very happy!
B000FQAJ9G|5|Good lotion, delicious smell. One of my favorites fragrance from bath & body work. Not too strong. Love it A plus.
B001EJOQII|5|Very good product, just as good as the leading flosses, but better because of the all naturally sourced ingredients. I wish they would put this floss on flossers, maybe with recycled plastic, but that's a wish. Here are the ingredients, listed on their website:    Beeswax = Ease of use (Beehives)  Carnauba wax = Ease of use (Brazilian wax palm tree)  Spearmint oil = Flavor  (Leaves of the spearmint herb)  Jojoba wax = Ease of use (Jojoba plant)  Acacia = Flavor carrier (Tree resin)  Myrrh = Clean, healthy-feeling mouth (Resin from the myrrh (Commiphora myrrha) bush)  Propolis  = Natural resins for a clean, healthy-feeling mouth (Mixture of tree resin (Propolis cera) gathered by bees)
B0058SY1XQ|4|Nice feel  a little tough to turn on and off.
B00HK3JU3S|5|I love this stuff!!! I have psorasis and my hands and feet are really dry. I wasn't sure eczema cream would work on psorasis, but it does!! After a few days, my hands and feet aren't as dry, cracked, and scaled. It truly is the best!!
B005GMXVNU|5|I have been using this product as long as it has been on the market.  It is the best (when I can find it).
B00HR27LJC|5|They don't crumble, they're soft and come in fun colors for a great price!
B0027LSEPS|4|works well once you figure out how to lift the battery cover - I bought it because I didn't want to clutter my vanity with appliances - good price, too.
B000GCR4V0|5|Same as national brand - except the price!
B000WOS71I|4|Keeps my skin surprisingly moist.
B0037TM252|4|I have been using Lipogaine for about a year now and it works noticeably better then when I used Kirkland 5% minoxidal only, especially in the front. For front thinning or balding I have noticed great improvement. The product is always shipped fasted on time and packaged great. I would only recommend using it with the Micro  needle too for even better results.
B001ANN288|3|Granted, I use this this item more often than not. I have 4 daughters and clients that come  to my home for hair appointments. The Faucet to Shower Converter does what its suppose to do, but the pressure of the water allows for attachments to start popping off, the hose connection, and or the attachment to the actual faucet. It does not take much pressure for this to happen.<br /><br />Also, after a few uses the thing just started falling apart. Not to worry it can be fixed, and I dont mean just reataching these items. I actually used some Zebra pattern duct tape to secure the perimeter of the troublesome areas. It now looks cute and works great.<br /><br />If you use the item as is it's a disappointment because of its poor quality, but with a quick fix it works like a charm.
B0045K5NIK|4|This stuff really does what it claims to do.  My hair can go from lifeless to 60's siren hair in just a few sprays but my god, the next morning my scalp itches like crazy.
B00HA784EA|5|This stuff works on my itchy skin where most other things don't.
B0002Z8QHC|3|Big enough for a clutch for use in a pinch, but for everyday use, naw. Maybe for a Barbie Doll! Teeny Tiny. I should've known by the price (cheap) that it wasn't normal sized. I will purchase the bigger brush later!
B001NDSW58|5|Really like the matt, non-oily finish. ALso has a faint and pleasant scent. Would buy again and recommend to others!
B002B2XVVU|4|I've been using this polish since it first came out.  I used it on my own toes when I was pregnant.  Now I use it on my almost 3yo's piggies.  As long as you set your expectations right, I think it is a good product.  I'm not sure it's the most durable as I haven't tried many other natural polishes, but honestly I don't find regular nailpolish to be very durable either.  I think it's important to use enough coats to get good coverage.  I blow dry between coats too.  (I have my little girl help hold the blow dryer to give her something to do.)  We have a couple colors and I'm planning buying her some more for her birthday.  I want to try out the base coat/top coat set to see if that gives us more wear.  Overall, the colors are fun and my baby girl loves it!  I wouldn't want to use regular polish on with any regularity.  Too many toxic substances in there.
B00J2APD0G|5|I had the opportunity to sample the razor from Gilette and I was doubtful that this razor would be an upgrade over their older models.  I thought it was just a new name and a new face-lift. I was wrong. This flexball moves so the razor follows the contours of my sensitive face.  I was surprised that I was able to shave under my chin and below my lip without any cuts and on the first try.  I had my doubts, but I am not a fan of this razor.  I just hope that the cost of the cartridge replacement does not make find another razor.<br /><br />For sensitive skin<br />Smooth like a baby's bottom<br />Flexball makes a difference
B001T0HHB0|1|Despite its being called Universal, this comb set doesn't fit the Oster Professional Fast Feed Clipper and had to be returned.
B004B3WY3I|4|I never knew what gel eyeliner was. I decided to try this out and I love it! New favorite thing. Not using pencils or liquid liner pens anymore. Love this. You just need to know how to draw it on or you'll smudge it. It's very wet. But beautiful. Would buy again
B004CMAMVO|5|Bought this for my husband one year as stocking stuffer.  Loved the scent and he kept getting asked what he was wearing.He's been using it ever since.
B008CRWOLQ|5|THE BEST BUY GOOD CHOICE GOOD PRICE<br />SPECIALLY FOR THAT SPECIAL OCCASION WITH<br />YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS GREAT! GREAT! gREAT!
B003V7KWB6|5|I received my order in the mail on 4/30/2012, started using it that day. But before I did, I took measurements of myself to see exactly where I was at. On 4/30/2012, I measured in at 42 inches around the waist and 210 in lbs. Okay this morning when I woke up, I measured my waistline yet again and it is down to 39 inches and my weight is down to 204, and today's date is 5/4/2012. Prior to using Slim Extreme 3d, I had already began to alter my diet somewhat. I cut out sodas of any sort, I still eat what I want but in moderation (less desserts though), I drink plenty of water. I still drink tea (the herbal kind, caffeine free), and maybe a little juice. Before I started using this product my weight remained at a stand still no matter what I did. I have weighed in at 210 for two or more years. I could just not loose the weight. With results like this, I plan to reorder. I am 5'6\\" in height and I should be weighing at least 60 lbs less. Oh yeah, I have not been exercising at all other than what I do at work and normal household chores and I am still seeing results. Everyone's body is different, what may not work for some will work for others. I read all the reviews while waiting on my order to arrive, and see the product did not work for all who used it in the past. Well it has worked for me and I am going to continue to use it.
B0006O2G1Q|2|There is nothing wrong with the fragrance. That is nice. It is also very good that it has no aluminum in it... however, by noon I started smelling, which means that it barely works a few hours if at all.
B00161FCAA|5|I love this stuff. I've tried other brand name primers and none of them worked as promised. This one extends your lashes noticeably, widens them slightly and boy does it keep mascara on. I love it so much I've gave it out to a few friends as holiday gifts.
B0016BFD4K|5|I liked this soap.  My skin felt cleaner.  I would definitely purchase this again!
B0002VE4PO|5|i have two-tone process on my hair with low lights and it would fade after a couple of weeks until i found this color preserve conditioner (i now use the color preserve shampoo with it) and my color lasts until it's time to have it redone (when the roots get ridiculous !!!)  This is was a real \\"find\\".
B008GR4L18|5|Looked like what I ordered and the comb and hairnet came with it:) would order this again
B000W3WP1W|5|Let me start by saying I have the worst face cleansing habits in the history of faces. I sleep with makeup on, will sometimes run out the door applying new make up over old, and more often only wash my face once a day rather than two. I stopped having bad breakouts several years ago, after which my irresponsible face regimen took hold, but in the last year I have been plagued with hormonal cystic acne under my neck. =(  It's been ugly to look at and painful to touch.<br />I heard about African Black Soap from some friends who work in Hollywood and I rushed to Amazon to buy every version of it could find. I bought 4 different types of black soap and I tried this one first. It's not even been two weeks and already nearly all of my hormonal acne is gone and my skin looks lighter and brighter. After reading the reviews, I had an inkling these soaps would be great on my sensitive, breakout prone skin but I could not have known to what degree. Even with only washing my face once a day, the improvements are astonishing!! In the past I've used Acutane (I don't recommend using anything so harsh on the body), Retin-A, tea tree oil mixed face washes and toners from the Body Shop which were good but didn't give me results anywhere near this soap, Proactive Solution which didn't work for me, and pretty much every kind of sulfate and parabin free face cleansing program available at Target and Whole Foods.<br />I'm amazed at how this one natural product cares for my skin better than the most expensive, doctor prescribed, commonly used products available to us.<br />If you have issues with breakouts, oily skin, acne scars, etc., I would recommend starting here for a mere $4-$10 (depending on which version of the Black Soap you prefer).<br />I have had acne my whole life and am now 31 still dealing with blemishes and hormonal acne. If I would have tried this product sooner, it could have saved from applying countless harsh chemicals to my face, ingesting dangerous doctor prescribedmeds, and years of embarrassment.<br />Gah! I love this stuff!
B00B22BCK2|5|The smell of lavender and roses, oh what a smell, simply wonderful. I love smelling good and this body wash is perfect, perfect moisturizers, rich and silky lathering and leaves my skin ever-so-soft. I hardly use lotions. I am forever a customer of OLAY AGE DEFYING BODY WASH
B000052YBV|5|It has quadrupled plus in price, since my last purchase,  December 2014.  Wondering why!
B001ET6YAG|4|My mom uses this on my niece. She is a mixed chick and it works better than mixed chicks brand.
B0069SQVK0|5|Love this product and great service in delivery and packaging.<br />Have reordered this item and several other items. Will use<br />again and again as I learn more about this therapy.
B0095V8TXU|5|I love these!!!! I have never received more compliments on my nails in my life! I was smart enough to take them to my nail tech who put them on beautifully! He suggested putting a gel clear coat over to extend the life. And it did! I'm at two weeks and they look amazing!! I ordered others and can't wait to try them too!!!
B00L5DI5K8|5|Worked great!
B000C1Z5DY|5|Received the items very quickly.  Totally satisfied with my purchase.  I have used this product for over 20 years.<br />I have lots of compliments from friends and strangers quite often.  I will continue to use Galore until it is<br />discontinued.  I hope it never is!  I am glad I found it on Amazon....price was cheaper
B0009V8N5E|5|I have been using this product and only this for few years now.<br />Because it has a dark color you can actually see where and how you applied it.<br />I highly recommend it!
B00L2MFLPO|5|I will buy again.
B00ITXVZK4|5|This is a nice big bottle, and you only use two pumps per day.  The serum is also light and dries quickly so that I can apply, and then apply my daily moisturizer right on top.  I have only been using it for a week or so, but I will update this review with my results.  So far the skin I have applied it to feels smooth and soft.  I am very please with the serum so far!
B001C366Y8|5|This mascara has one of the best brushes I have found on a mascara in a long time.  I rarely use mascara and have neuropathy in my hands.  This brush enables me to get the mascara on my lashes without smearing everything on my face.
B0002AHY6Q|4|Really like getting rid of the big-footprint older version Waterpik.  Perfect size for the bathroom sink and travel.  Thanks!
B003WR3QSG|5|I have a large, high price, super-duper, silver tip badger brush that I use at home.  I was looking for a smaller, less expensive travel shaving brush.  In past, low price has mean a pig bristle brush - OK but not as good as a badger bristle  brush.<br /><br />This Escali brush has the quality of a badger brush ( because it is a badger brush )  and the price of a bristle brush.  Another plus, the bristles stay firmly in place.  In many cheaper brushes the bristles have a tendency to fall out.  I am well pleased.
B00AZOTTPS|5|I ordered them a month a go and just got them. there a bit smaller then they look in the picture
B004BCXABO|3|This goes on pretty well, but I bought it in hopes it would stay in the last quarter inch or so next to my pupil - fades away in a couple of hours.
B000KHKG52|3|If your looking for lemon verbena parfum that smells like it should this is surely it. Got this for my mom and she loved it!! A little spendy for the small amount though. Shipping way too much. Doesnt cost 10$ to ship this small item.
B000QYEK88|5|This razor is awesome. I've always used a Gillette Mach 3 and the Meekur gives a 10x closer shave. You have to use a little more technique with any DE razor but if you can devote a few extra minutes to your morning shave you won't be sorry.  After the initial cost of the razor and supplies you will save a ton of money on blades. You can pick up 100 packs of blades for around $10. The quality of this razor is outstanding, has a nice sturdy construction.
B003QK1VJK|5|I feel like some people underestimate the L.A Colors brand. I think their eye shadows are quite pigmented and blend well. I cant say much about any of their other products, simply because ive only tried their eye shadows. But the Titan quad is a great color combo, for me at least. Love it!
B002N5MI2S|5|I bought this a couple of weeks ago--good thing I did. This works very good in my hair. It holds strong, and has the matte finish that I want. Also, it<br />smells great.
B00NY5NGPE|3|Made my whole face break out in a red bumpy rash
B007N8S4VE|5|good
B0079Q0152|5|Soooo good for your hair and makes my keratin last a lot longer.<br /><br />Definitely recommend to use them together and often.
B009VMWW2C|5|This is the Absolute BEST foundation I have ever used and I've tried so many...from high end brands to cheaper brands. I do strongly recommend that you get this product from a department store instead of here so that you know you are getting the real deal.  A lot of times, in the department stores like Belks or Dilliards, they will run a gift with purchase and include all kinds of goodies (like mascaras, lip glosses, night creams, etc).<br /><br />Now, for the review. I have combination skin (and Fresco is the color I use) that tends to get dry and the winter and a bit oilier in the summer. This foundation literally works all year around for me. It's so much easier to blend than the others' I have tried and it lasts and lasts. I have the Estee Lauder foundation brush for blending but I tired of that quickly (it doesn't blend well for me) and just started using the white wedge sponges that I get from the drugstore). I normally just wear some bronzer (drugstore brand-Physicians Formula) on top of it and I might dab just a little baby powder on my forehead, nose, and chin. That's literally all you need. It will look just as beautiful 12 hours after applying it. I have worked out and this is still on after my work out. Another great thing? It doesn't smear on clothes! I love that about this foundation. Now, it will take a little more than just a single face wash to get it off. I will usually just wash my face twice using a wash cloth. That normally does the trick. I get so many compliments on my complexion when I wear it.
B000EPA4FW|5|great product
B002A5HIYY|5|Great tattoos! Easy to apply and enough variety to please everyone. We gave these away at our Fourth of July party this year and they were a big hit. Everyone had fun applying them - especially the adults. They stayed on all night with the exception of ones placed on the back of people's hands. After a few hand washings they began to peel off, but that's to be expected.<br /><br />** Someone also brought the glitter version of these tattoos to our party. I liked that they had different designs, but want to mention that the glitter was hardly noticeable. So if you want a lot of variety get both and mix them together!
B000C237SS|5|Love this scent
B000KOJUJI|5|Great price and  quick delivery. I'm very happy !!
B00GQ0GD4A|5|This is a very well designed nail clipper and easy to use. It requires very little pressure to readily cut the nail. I was very impressed by the fact that Keegan Allen, Co-Founder of the company e-mailed me the day I received the clipper explaining about the amount of work that went into perfecting the instrument and asking me how I liked it. This was a class act.<br /><br />There is no writing on the clipper. I think it would be neat if the company name and email address was etched into it. I like the small rectangular stainless steel area for filing nails.
B000YZ5G46|5|This balm is very pleasant to use, has a gentle scent, and is soothing to my face. It is a bit pricey, but a little goes a long way. I could see myself being a repeat customer, without a doubt.
B005FPWORC|2|I can't even pronounce half the ingredients in this product.  When I first used it, I had white flaky stuff appearing on my skin so reduced the amount I used.  My skin is dry and sensitive and when I put moisturizer on before or afterwards, it seems to negate any effect it might have.  If I leave it by itself, it feels a little tight.  But here's the thing--the container doesn't work now.  You pump and nothing comes out where it should.  If you press it down further, the product oozes up the sides of the pump and makes a mess.  They need to get this design nailed down or they'll never sell many.
B0050JH4FA|2|Did nothing for my dry curly hair.
B005I55W4Q|5|love it, love it, love it!<br />It works on perm hair...it leave my hair so soft and shine. I higly  recommend it!
B00NIPQ0GC|2|I have not had any luck with this. It says on the package...do not use with dull blades???<br />Why would I use it on a new blade?<br />I moistened it with shaving cream, I ran the blades (my disposable has 2 or 3)<br />in one direction 20 or thirty times.<br />My blade is exactly the same. Used it once then attempted to sharped/align<br />Am I doing something wrong?<br />My friend has a sharpener which is used by placing the blades of the razor inside and it makes a sharpening sound.<br />I could not find one like his so I purchased this piece of foam and plastic for around $20.00,
B003HUSOC6|5|I went head and order from a buyer called Fragancenet and they did not dissapoint at all. The Fragance is an original and came sealed as well. Love this cologne !!! However shipping took a bit other than A+++! Will buy again from this seller.
B006LUCW5O|1|I could only use a few colors. The glitter ones..came out with no glitter. Waste of money and time.
B00117ZWOK|5|Excellent
B000FLTQ6S|5|The standard ring cutter leaves my thumb extremely painful by the time I'm finished.  This one is great.  I'll never go back to the old kind.
B0019UXT5S|4|Was looking for a toner that doesn't dry out skin. This stuff does the trick. After washing with Pevonia cleanser, use a cotton ball to apply this all over skin. You feel it cleaning your skin, smells good and when I wake up in the AM, my skin is hydrated. I have oily skin so I don't use it in the AM since I'm a make-up wearer and it just makes my skin more oily. I have acne prone skin so it helps a little with the blemishes....I still get them but they are a lot smaller and heal quicker. It has really helped with blackheads. All in all, satisified with the product.
B00JJV2XL0|5|This is exactly what I looking for. It sinks straight into my face with no residue and is the perfect base for my moisturizer. I've only been using it a couple of weeks and already my friends are commenting on how good my skin looks.
B00014EM2W|5|Rubbed some of this on my aching back, it was better in just a few minutes. Try it you will like it.
B00467D14K|5|I love it. I'm 55 old.<br />How to use my daytime make up, the first, light bronze powder put on face without dark points. & after, put on this.(using, good puff)<br />so... naturally shine up skin and naturally covered my skin dark spots...<br />my face, be looking young (^0^)  Let's try this how to !!
B002HWS9FW|1|Don't buy!  I used it two times with no problem but during the third use the brush stopped spinning.  I tried to open it to see if I could fix the problem but it immediately broke apart. ... It went straight to the trash.  What a disapointment.
B00BKZQJHW|5|Smells good, not overpowering. Lathers well. Does seem to help with odor, per my son. Does not dry out his skin.  Perfect for my ASD teen who doesn't yet appreciate deodorant.
